You idiot, the first voice sneers, you idiot, you idiot, you idiot, did you really think it would work? They won’t let you die they’ll never let you die this is your punishment, it’s your punishment and you have to take it like a man.
“But you were lovers.”
“Creep,” Steve mutters in response.
“Never stopped you before, has it?” Steve is saying, bracketing Tony’s body with one arm up against the bar, pulling down Tony’s sweats with the other. “Besides, they can’t see nothing, not with me standing here.”
Which sounds perfect, really. Tony fades out, drifting like a stone across a sea of cotton. He's jarred -- not massively -- by the wet drag of something soft across his brow. Cold, too. Soothing. He feels his breathing deepen.
They bounce him on their knee, hands on his waist, thumbs stroking the broad lay of his ribs. His nipples feel tight, his skin feels hot. He enjoys it, when someone tips a cold glass of ice against his cheek, he sighs. They thumb his mouth. Jaw slack. They press the glass against his teeth, pour it onto his tongue. He swallows, and then he doesn’t, choking him. It dribbles on his chin, paints cold lines on his skin.
Tony blinks at him, placidly. He hurts a lot. He’s also close to colony collapse of the brain; the muzzle filters in Pierce’s drug, constant, stops the flow of fresh air. He’s higher than a helicarrier.
Steve doesn’t.
“Sure. You have your whole life ahead of you. You haven’t even settled down yet.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony can’t breathe. He tries to say,
Sarah smiles wryly. “Steve considers me your carer; he’ll foot the bill.”
"M'head hurts." Tony says in reply.
A pause. “Thanks.”
Steve seems to regret the words almost as soon as he’s said them, which Tony finds quite funny. He thinks he’s offended Tony, because obviously Tony was very willing to miss it, and so almost just to humour him Tony says “Sure. Okay.”
“You from – you from the town?” Steve asks him, voice muffled. “Don’t sound French.”
Steve doesn’t say anything, but his silence is expectant.
“My name is Nebula,” she tells him. “I’m the least favoured daughter of Thanos.”
Pierce is covering for him, Tony realises, and it’s the first coherent thought he’s had in hours.
“That’s me. You ready to use your words now?”
Still, when Steve starts his shuffling, his quiet ministrations, Tony presses his brow to his collarbones. His breath will be warm on his skin. “Stay,” he says, softly, just softly. In a way he never is, especially not with Steve. Especially not after everything they’ve done.
Dad had said – look, he’d always been clear. And Tony has made mistakes since, but Dad was always right about this: once it’s out there, it’s out there. There is no ever smooth sailing. The boat has holes, Tony. You can plug them, for a time, you can scoop the water with a bucket. All it takes is one bad storm.
Steve drags his thumbs oh-so lightly against Tony’s skin. It starts to goosepimple, he arches his back reflexively to alleviate the slight tickling sensation. “Shh,” Steve soothes, holding him firm. “Don’t – fidget. I just want to look.”
“And that’s why you’re here.” Natasha says distantly.
He’s reaching forward. He pulls Tony against him, slowly, buries his nose in his throat. Cheap axe, and sweat. Tony after-battle. “Uh,” he says, letting Steve curl his arms around his back. “Alright there, Rogers. It’s – alright. We won, huh?”
“That’s not what I mean and you know it,” Steve snaps.
Tony shakes his head. “No,” he says simply. “Because you’re not going to let them corner me.”
So they drive in silence the rest of the way.
“You can’t let this sit. Can I be honest with you? I know you don’t want it. That you can’t take it. But Tony, we’ve reached a point where you can’t keep blocking yourself out from the world anymore. Now, you can take this money, give a few scripted interviews, shake a few hands, and then move out to Alaska and never talk to anyone again and that’s
“How are you sitting here?” Rhodey asks quietly. “How the hell do you get up in the morning?”
Tony sighs. It’s not patronising, or irritated, just – exhausted. Broken, and tired. “I tried my best,” he says. “Did what I could, but – I couldn’t take him. Not on my own.”
as usual, comments are loved. should probably say -- this does have a happy ending. they start to sort themselves out in the next couple chapters. there's just some angst to crawl through first.
“I’ll stop it,” Tony tells him. “The sleeping around. If that’s what it takes to have you, I’ll stop it. I would rather have you. You are more important to me than – any of the protection, and any of the… material gain.”
comments! are! my! everything!
You must be out of your fucking mind, is what Steve answers.
“You had a scare earlier. You were shown a very compromising picture of yourself. In that picture, I know that people were hurting you. Shh, settle, Tony. Settle,” he grips Tony’s hair, pushes his head into the pillow, “breathe,” he urges.
Steve is quiet. “You told me, they do this kind of thing to upset you. Intentionally.”
“Ah, yes. Yeah, I don’t know if ‘fond’ is the word, exactly. Protective. He says I’m one of his own, whatever that means.”
“Fine,” Tony says, smoothly. “I shouldn’t have invited you. Happy?”
“I have no money.”
“Hurry up,” Steve says shortly, and hangs up.
“Stark – it was a joke,” the man explains away. “We meant nothing by it, it’s just something we heard – “
Tony nods. His dreams were pleasantly without fear, and instead he’d dreamt of nothing at all. She sets a heavy plate in front of him, packed with bacon, fried eggs, waffles, syrup, blueberries. It’s obscene. There’s also a glass of orange juice in a clean cup. Tony swallows. He doesn’t know how he can eat all of this.
“Which is it? Can you
“Alright,” Tony soothes, “okay. Easy. Easy, Steve, shh, I’m gonna just – slowly, okay?” He grips him in hand, strokes him once, twice, and he bites his lip with pain, throws back his head. “I know,” Tony says, and he’s crying because his body can’t help it, even though he feels nothing the scent of his alpha in pain just – makes him. “Slowly. It’s going to be okay, I’ll go as slowly as I can.”
"And the safeword?"
Fury looks at him. “I bet.”
Tony realises he must be resting next to Steve because he feels Steve stiffen. “I think – there are a few second cousins, or something. No one he’s close to.”
Sam and Steve share a look, and then Tony starts shaking apart in the back seat.
Steve dries off his hair in the bathroom, brushes ash from his clothes. There’s some blood on his white shirt, but Tony is too sleepy to notice. Humming, he strips them off, bundles them up, dumps them in the laundry. Pisses, brushes his teeth.
Tony blinks. The doctor's face is twisting in and out of his vision, black spots crumbling across his eyes. The man doubles, triples, quadruples, each copy blurring and merging into one. Tony raises his hand, tries to wipe away the spots. He groans.
“To what’s between my legs,” Tony corrects, holding out his glass for a re-fill. “And besides,” he winces, sipping, “I give money. I have programmes. I help lots of omegas.”
Forget his dad – what will
“It’s okay,” Tony says heavily. “You don’t need to do this.”
“I didn’t have anyone else,” Tony says, simply. “He said he still loved me.”
Oh boy. “He did.”
Slowly, Steve unfolds his legs, lets his muscles loosen; he’s hard, desperately, red and thick and
“I’m a scientist, too. A bio-engineer, I think. Well, I like to call myself one. I have a colleague do most of the, uh,” he smirks, raises his brows, “heavy-lifting.”
“I wanted to thank you. For telling him that, I mean. For letting him know that – that it was okay to – that he could – “
"You said you wanted to help. And I get it if you don't want to. We can find something else. But honestly, this is the best alternative to, to other things."
Days pass like this. The are meetings, and group therapies, and occasionally Tony will talk to other rich crazies with various neuroses.
Tony can nod. Kinda, is the answer. But Steve won’t understand that.
And Steve looks at Tony. Tony doesn’t want to look at him; he’s ashamed. But he thinks, Steve wants to see him, so he looks back. And Steve, in all his glory, like a bright brush of colour, like cool water on a hot day.
“Three –
He’s so still. He doesn’t turn. The doctor says that Tony isn’t talkative, opens his mouth and blabbers like Tony isn’t there at all. “Leave us alone,” Steve says shortly.
you, out there? Those are alphas, Tony, and not all of them are
It’s never dark in New York. “I’m coming,” Tony lies, and shivers, wrapping his arms around himself. The thought of being touched repulses him.
Steve isn’t leaving. And the weight of him at his back is depressingly comforting.
“I don’t like to sleep alone, Rogers. We all have nightmares.”
Steve’s hug is crushing, but warm. He presses a sloppy kiss to Tony’s temple despite the fact he smells like sewage. “It’s okay,” he breathes, rocking them both “it’s okay Tony you just – those meds, those meds will mess with you. But you’ll get better, you’ll be fine.”
“I was thinking,” Steve says “maybe we could go for a walk today. Out to the lake. The forest is so beautiful this time of year, you wouldn’t want to miss it.”
“I want to sleep now, Steve.”
Steve doesn’t know what to say. The world thinks Tony died long ago. It’s just them, now.
It’s SHIELD, they’re having a party, they won… something, Tony is drunk, he’s high in the sky, and he wants to celebrate. The guy is young, younger than Tony would usually go for, but he’s built like a brick-shithouse and Tony is feeling sloppy. They fuck in the alpha locker room, and he rides the young guy on a bench. After, he tells him no pictures, no rumors. If he traces it back to him, he’ll be out of a job for life.
“Why?”
The pillows, the sheets, are somehow cloaked in his scent; he’s shivering, barely-there, letting Pierce move him, take off his shoes and his socks. His face is smushed into the pillow and he’s just huffing the scent buried there, eyes half-closed, drooling.
Gus grumbles, lets his head fall back against the stone.
“I’m gonna protect you, Tony, it’s safe here, just stay with me – “
One day, Tony is distracted. He doesn’t touch the sashimi Steve knows he loves. He picks at ginger and doesn’t put it anywhere near his mouth, and so sensing that it might be one of those days, the days where Tony isn’t quite right, Steve talks more to compensate.
“Sorry,” Tony drawls “I’m taken.”
“You are a different breed,” Tony agrees, “which is good. It means, you won’t be mad when I fuck Killian.”
"Amen." Steve says.
“That I’m worth it.”
I haven’t got help. Your father never got help. This makes us despicable people, Tony. There is nothing self-sacrificing in not admitting you have a problem. There is nothing poetic in struggling. There is nothing worthwhile about watching your son grow up in fits and bursts because you send him away to school, because you can’t bear to look at his face, because you don't want to see how you failed.
Barely blacks out. He hears the servos whirring, the suit gears grinding, the weight of Steve pulled off of him, his sentinel saving him before the dark takes him entirely. Steve is scared. Steve doesn’t understand what’s happening. There are other hands pulling him away, dragging him out of the cell. Steve puts a dent in the helmet. The faceplate flies across the room, cracks against the door just after it closes.
Steve smells sick. Like he’s getting better, but still. Sick.
Tony frowns; his phone is buzzing on the bedside table. “You – you keep at it, sport,” he says, reaching for it. Unknown number. Calling at 2AM on a Sunday. Tony doesn’t just
“No,” Steve says, taking his hand. “I meant the picture. What they did to you, not you. What they did to you – “ he cuts himself off. “Fucking sadists, who would hurt a child like that,” he tells him, with barely controlled anger, “and a
He had known to expect this, Tony’s weight, his reluctance to talk. The doctor had told him over the phone that Tony was refusing to eat, that he wouldn’t pick up what they gave him and would spit out what they forced him. And so they had placed him on a feeding tube until he finally realised that, no, they weren’t going to let him die, and so he could either continue being fed by IV for the rest of his life or make that life a little easier.
“Don’t,” Steve croaks, turning. “Don’t, don’t leave. Don’t leave, Tony,” he pleads, backing himself against the entrance, blocking his exit. “They’re out there, they’ll
He has the liberty of doing that. Anyone else, they might tentatively invite. At best, they would suggest. At worst, suggest harder. No one orders him. Commands him, or makes him do something he doesn’t want to do. That’s not him being grandiose, it’s fact; that’s just the way it is, the way it’s always been.
"You're doing this on purpose," Steve says "I didn't mean what I said, it came out wrong, but if you leave just to spite me -- "
“It’s fine,” Tony sighs. It’s just Pierce.
Tony tries to twist his neck in the direction of the voice. In front of him, blurry: men, and some women. Sitting on couches, coffee table. Everything sort of blurs into peach, peach and gold with some red. All their skin is peach. Their hairs are blonde and brown and white. Richards doesn’t sit with them; he’s all alone, in his chair, glass with ice. Tony recoils, rubs his eyes, he –
He’s smiling again. It seems to say,
“I’m sorry. That’s not what I mean. I used the wrong word – “
Steve moves home to New York. He lives in the tower, joining Natasha and Bruce and Rhodey, who never left. Clint drops in from time to time, and eventually Thor joins them too. Tony gives Sam a flat rent free, and he hosts veteran meetings in the conference room of Stark tower, which are attended by hundreds. He even convinces Tony to go, once, although Steve got the feeling it was more to please Steve than anything else.
“To Canada. Come with me.”
“I’m not surprised,” Tony tells him. And then, frowning, he adds: “Which comes first?”
“Sam, then.” Sam is the obvious answer, the perfect answer, a spotless military record and a close friend.
“You shouldn’t speak about things you don’t understand,” he responds quietly.
“That’s it,” Steve sighs, bracing his hands on his hips, leaning back slightly, shoulders squared, as if stretching his back. “Good boy,” he says, absently patting Tony’s hair, “don’t fight it,” he advises, “relax your muscles, let it happen. Swallow
“And women,” Steve adds.
Steve looks down at the bundle of clothes, disinterested, then kicks them vaguely in his direction. “I’ll see you at the tower,” he says, shortly.
“And while you’re at it, fix the sink. I’m going to be here long after you’re gone, the least you can do is make yourself damn useful.”
It’s Sam, this time. Steve hasn’t seen much of him recently. He wasn’t close to Tony, never pretended there was any love lost there, and so he’s probably found it more effective to make himself scarce these past few weeks.
Tony needs to ask,
He hears Steve move, something heavy and fast, and the immediate sound of a gun cocking. He thinks, it’s not aimed at Steve. He can feel the cold, cool steel pressed against the back of his neck.
“It’s not – there. I’m sorry,” Steve says apologetically, and he really, really means it. “I had your things removed, I had – the bed changed. But you can take it back, I know you loved the view. The view…” Steve trails off.
“Hell, eighteen, twenty – sure, go ahead. But
“Ask me?”
“He wants you to go in there,” Pierce tell him. “With Cap. And he wants you to let him – well. You understand, I’m sure.”
“Mr Stark I think people are after me. There are somethings I just — can’t do on my own.”
Steve drops him like he burns to touch. "Shit," he says "Tony? Tony, fuck I didn't -- "
Tony relaxes. He thinks,
“You? And not us? You don’t think I wouldn’t have Bucky telling me to get the fuck up off my ass and do something?” Steve smiles, sadly. “Or that Sam isn’t calling me an idiot?”
“Hmm?”
The stew he’s been smelling for the past few days is thin and gamey. Everything is overcooked, and it’s thin, like water. It needs salt. If Nick notices his disgust, he doesn’t mention it.
“I figured,” Steve tells him, and his lips twitch.
“It’s not a conspiracy, Rogers. I like sex, understand?”
Tony sniffs, rubs his nose with his hand, shakes his head. “What did he tell you?” He asks again, bluntly, desperately.
He cups his cheek and Steve twitches – into it. Shuts his eyes.
Steve is scrubbing him, furiously. Starts at the shoulder, down his arm, all the way to the tips of his fingers. Between his fingers. Removing any trace, scent, residue, of anyone at all. Tony – feels himself slipping, and slipping, and slipping. His head is on Steve’s shoulder.
"Okay." Natasha says "That you are."
“Good. I’m glad.” A beat: “I just wanted you to know.”
“No. I think you’ve got a problem.”
A beat. “I’d probably just – go back,” Tony admits. “I only need the time stone. Go all the way back to the beginning of it all. Stop the stones from ever existing.”
“Why is there a copy of my psych report?”
Fury averts his eyes when he pushes down his pants. “You’re making a mistake.”
Steve’s arms are wrapping around him, less constricting, just – holding him. And he’s crying. Tony will deny it, tomorrow, or later on tonight, or whenever he has to confront it. He’ll never tell Steve what he saw. For now, he just strokes his hair, and lets him cry. “You’ll go home,” he whispers, eyes shut, rocking him slightly the way you would a child, “I promise, Steve, you’ll go home.”
“Any reason?”
Tony shrugs, letting his head rest against the leather. He snuggles slightly, bringing his feet up onto the seat.
"Last night." Steve says. "Can I ask a question, first of all?"
He laughs in Schmidt’s face, taunts him with the knowledge he’s throwing away the thing he wanted most.
They both pause while a staffer walks by, tablet in hand, heels clicking against the marble floor. They wait for her to pass. Then:
Gus chuckles, a low, broken sound. “Don’t be stupid, Captain. Why would Diana do that? You were part of her grand plan, she wouldn’t want to lose you down the rabbit hole.”
Carries it with him. Jesus, he fucking carries it
“I like it when you blush. Won’t you just humor me?”
Of course, that didn’t happen. And now Steve sleeps in their bed, and Tony rests six feet under, packaged and stuffed and stitched up for propriety’s sake.
Tony stands there, mouth slightly slack, blinking drowsily. “He’s your responsibility now,” the blue woman snarls, vicious. “I got him here in one piece, didn’t I?”
“Steve,” Tony snorts, “you couldn’t actually stop me.”
He doesn’t anything against the clubs, inherently; they were good for downtime on shore leave, and it’s good to spend time with other alpha. He likes Tony to be happy. He likes to indulge him. If this takes something off of Tony’s mind, then it’s no questions asked.
“I deserve this.” Gus mutters.
Tony self-consciously rubs at the bristles. He’d been planning on having it sculpted the way he used to wear it, but hadn’t got round to it. “Really?” He says “I think it’s a bit middle aged, really.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says quietly, into his skin. “If I scared you. When I don’t stay – that’s why. I’m sorry, I should have known better, but – I was weak. When you have someone willing in your bed, and it’s warm, and… I should have known better.”
“Not for much longer.”
Tony is fiddling with the sticky tape on his wrist. He can’t rip it off, it’s stuck strong.
sound. Tony thinks, he’s found the other alpha’s scent. Whatever the fuck his name was. Tony steadies himself, doesn’t flinch; Steve is Steve. He would never knowingly hurt him. But he isn’t very knowing right now.
“He asked for you,” Ross tells him, directly. “He’s asked for you. Mr Secretary told me, he calls your name. Secretary Pierce isn’t telling you the whole truth, Stark.”
“The omegas,” Hill agrees. “Cap tried to stop them. The men, I mean. And he did. But he was in fight,” she says pointedly.
“No,” Tony had said, near manic. “It’s coming, I know it. I just need to know what to watch out for, you know? Look at for the signs.”
“They have a repatriation service near the tent,” Steve prompts, gently. “They’ll get you started.”
he has fight, right when Nebula would prefer him dulled. “Me? Are you – insane? Did you not
“Mmm,” Steve hums, “that means a lot to me, Tony. I know this couldn’t have been easy for you.”
He breathes in, deeply. His mouth is covered. He inhales. It smells like lipstick, and vanilla perfume. Sweat and aftershave. He breathes, and breathes, and giggles. They take their hand away from his mouth, then.
“I’m sorry!” He cries out, frantic. “I’m sorry, Peter! I’m so sorry – “
Diana hands him a goblet and he drinks it with a shaking hand. He doesn’t think about how many humans were tortured to give him this blood. He realises, objectively, that he is next. That Diana has… plans, for him.
“Fire hazard,” Rogers snaps. “You shouldn’t have lit the damn thing in the first place.”
but on some level, he thinks Steve is right.
Nick nods. “Well,” he says, almost reassuring, “that won’t last long. We reckon there’s a pretty rapid cooling off period, once the worst of it’s made its way through your system.”
However you want me, just use me.
“I hope he would still call me friend,” he blurts, suddenly. “I would hope he would still call me friend, because — it would be an honour.”
“I know it couldn’t have been simple winning Ross over like that.”
“Tony.”
“It’s a present,” Pierce says, gently. “A reward.” He sets it on the bureau, beckons Tony over, takes his hand and gently twists it palm up. Pushes up the cuff of his shirt. “You’re very docile, did you know that Tony?”
Steve looks at her. “But how did
“I was thinking a bubble bath,” Tony says, slowly. “Maybe some wine. A massage. But if you
“I would never.”
She brings them over, smiles, sits herself next to him and presses close. She smooths the paper across their laps. It’s a diagram, a male torso and the rough sketches for her design. It loops, right up over his chest, up the left side of his neck, and finishes on his cheek, cradles his eye. From there, over one shoulder and then all over his back, down, down, over his ass, then his thighs. It goes round his right leg, and then back up, finishes on his belly, his navel, and Tony knows she’ll save that for last because that’s where he’ll finally break.
Tony. We were going to blackmail them all, hold them to account.”
Tony nods, though. “Thank you,” he croaks. “That’s all I ask for. A little bit – a little bit of trust, you know? It helps.”
“No.”
"Head wounds always look worse that they really are."
he wants to say,
“That’s great.”
I can’t just — “
“But he would be here.”
Tony looks at him. “I don’t, uh. Talk about. I mean – I don’t know what you mean.”
“Why would I lie?”
Tony shrugs. “It was fine. Look, if you don’t want me to go — “
Tony shuts his eyes.
“You have to,” the other tells him, voice flat, unyielding.
“Nice, tactful.”
“I gathered. He seems fond of you.”
Pierce’s smile is more of a sneer. “Consider it your bond. Every hour you’re not here, he’ll be hurt. If you don’t show up?” He tsks. “He has such a pretty face, you know?”
“You bitch,” Tony growls, tears rolling down his face “you fucking bitch, you sicken me, I hate you, I am going to KILL YOU.”
“I — “ what can Steve say? He wants to be here. In his head, he had thought — he doesn’t know. That Tony would have mellowed by Christmas. That he would be better. That there would be a chance of —
“You’ve been known to enjoy a gag on occasion.”
Steve shrugs, holds out his hand. “Okay,” he says, “if you insist. I’m sure I can find some other way of shutting you up.”
You might want to watch out torture in this one. There's not buckets of blood, but still. Just in case.
It's difficult, smuggling a body out of the country, especially one as solid as Gus'. Tony doesn't know how it happens, but vampire bodies don't appear to decompose the same as humans. When Steve shows him where they were keeping it, Gus hasn't changed a bit. Hasn't aged a day. Is petrified, like marble, body turned to stone.
Tony stares, half-lidded. Empty.
"Maybe some more painkillers." Steve says "When we get home."
‘I was’ what? Assaulted? No. Tortured? No. Shown a photo? It doesn’t quite seem to explain the severity of his response.
Would Steve want this? Would he want you to just live the rest of your life here, with no one or nothing but him? Please, Tony you know that’s crazy. Pepper is gone, Rhodey is – he might not ever come back. You need friends, and this is harmless. It’s good for you, this is good for you. Steve would never mind, he would encourage it.
Tony twists away. He can’t.
“Want to get the full picture.” A beat. “What are you wearing – underneath your clothes?”
"It's so good that you asked that," Steve says "it's so good you told me what you wanted."
Now, Tony can stand in peace.
His voice is stern and soft, like a teacher. His thumbs dig into the worn, knotted muscle that thickens his shoulders. They press, right into a thick lump of tissue that’s been sending pressure into the back of his head for days since he took flight from the top of tower. He can’t help dropping his head, just a little, letting him work the thumb deeper. “Yeah,” he agrees, clearing his throat. “Well – hey, I respect you. Cap.”
The man opens his mouth as if to speak. Then laughs. “No reason,” he says, holding up his hands. “Apologies, Captain.”
Steve kisses her hand. “I’ll do right by him,” he promises, “we’ll have the world together, for as long as I can have him.”
“Stop,” he adds, like it’s ever worked before.
Yeah, I guess so, Steve shrugs. Of course, you won’t win.
It’s Steve who takes the call. Tony is walking with Mosely, and he doesn’t have his own cell. Sarah calls, direct to Steve.
“Bad,” Steve groans into his skin. “Bad, Tony.”
Steve shrugs a shoulder, wraps one arm around Tony’s waist, hitches him close. Reflexively, Tony puts his hands between them, but then – shudders. Steve is walking him back against the bar. “We’ll see about that,” he says.
Bucky’s hand is on his shoulder. “Steve,” he says, quietly.
Tony hides his smirk. “I was.”
weekend of your life?
Tony sits next to him feeling strangely heavy. He's tired now. He wants this to be over. The drop is settling in fast, and he just wants to curl in bed on Steve's chest, let him play with his hair. "Listen to me," Steve says "Tony. I... I know I was an ass, just then. I know that. And you're right. There's this part of me that doesn't want to admit I'm weak, doesn't want to accept help from a sub. It's not your fault. It's not that I don't trust you. It's my own issue and... I'm working on it."
“So did I.”
“Suit,” he croaks again, “for – for – fucking hell, the suit!”
“Steve…”
Tony nods. “I took Sarah and the kids last year. Very kitchsy. A bit overrated.”
“What did you just say?”
“I don’t understand.”
Rhodey’s eyes scan the paper. He blinks, and stares. “Tony, this is — “
“We are.”
“But, that’s not good enough,” he sighs heavily. “I thought something was wrong, felt it – I know you think us betas don’t have that instinct, but we do. I do, at least. I remember, that night Pierce took you to his office. Now, I’m not saying I knew, but – my gut
“Friday? How is she?”
Steve doesn't say anything.
“This is how you thank people,” Pierce tells him. “You let people use your body. It’s what you were bred for. You were bred to belong to other people, weren’t you? You know this.”
The tap is dripping. Steve is thinking. His thumbs rub wet circles around the inside of Tony’s wrists. “My deepest, darkest fantasy,” he rumbles, voice smiling, “is.” He seems to think some more. “I’ve been out. Working. It’s been hard, I’m tired. The job went well, but it was hard-won.”
First thing, they have to clear his name, which isn’t actually all that difficult once they get the full weight of SHIELD behind them.
“More so,” he says, pointedly, “now that you’re not here.”
Tony stumbles, going for the pilot's seat. Clint catches him, gently easing him back "Ah ah ah," he says "no, not you. You're sitting here today."
Pierce can barely hold in his snicker of laughter. The solider is pressed against Tony’s back. His hands, strangely, are resting on Tony’s shoulders. Gentle.
And then, only he would – or only he could…
He thinks, this is what will happen:
“Not true. She should be remembered. We’ll remember them all. We’ll – “
“And we know you’re busy. You work harder than any of us. But still. You know. It’s nice.”
“You,
“Alex, if he doesn’t want to…” Fury mutters, heavily.
“Waiting.”
“I see that.” Steve says, softly. “Any particular reason?”
It’s good, riding Steve. He has his head leaning back against the couch, his eyes half-lidded, mouth slightly open. He cups Tony’s waist, and for the most part just lets him get on with it, occasionally thrusting his hips, disrupting Tony’s flow, the slick, wet slapping sound of his ass against Steve’s thighs.
“Clearly. But it’s more – ” Tony flaps his hands, not able to find the words. “Whatever.”
If Steve rejects him – if Steve decides he’s been played, or that he’s not happy with the merchandise on offer…
you have clearly watched and viewed multiple times.”
“Hmm,” Tony agrees. “You still got stamina?”
"That's right. I'm not testing you, am I?"
Tony sighs. “Steve,” he murmurs.
Hah, the first voice sneers in return. Just someone else who needs to be paid to spend time with you.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You!” He hears, violent, the voice thin, trembling. Young.  “You,” Peter says, spits it.
“Ah,” Sarah notes. “Of course. This would be the best angle to see everything, wouldn’t it? Well can I get you a pillow at least?”
as you can figure out, and it’s hiding beneath the covers of his bed.”
Tony shakes his head again. No. He can’t. You can’t understand the shame until you’ve lived it. He doesn’t want to see recrimination, or worse, pity, in Steve’s eyes.
He already knows what Other-Him’s answer will be. This is a Steve who’s never loved Tony. He goes.
“There are other ways to save the world. I’m not the only person who can fly a suit.”
“No, you don’t have to apologise. I know you — can’t help it, in a way. But pretend. For just a few days. And then we’ll leave, I promise.”
But Rhodes goes cold. “You were with him, then. You were there for all of that, all of the — paranoia.”
Tony had stared vacantly at the artificial blue. “Just a bit longer,” he murmured.
“I — Jesus, Sarah, I’m sorry. Yeah, I will. I’ll tell him.”
"You know, you talk a lot about trust, Steve, I always have to trust you, but how do you think it makes me feel that you won't trust me?"
Slowly, Steve eases himself back down against the headboard. Tony tucks himself back under his arm, pulls the sheets around the both of him, exhales contentedly. “Are you mad?” Steve can’t help himself asking, anxiously.
“Oh. Oh, it’s just – he said you left. Did something happen?”
“I want the meds,” Tony asks, plaintively, “I want a drink, I’m not tired.”
He lurches, drunk on his feet, unable to keep his balance. People are
Because you are my only child. Surreal to think about. There was a time all I wanted was a child of my own. And there were others; you know by now about the trees in my garden. You know why they were planted.
“Of course I like you, Tony.”
Steve shakes his head. “You don’t deserve that. You haven’t done anything wrong.”
and he chose to do it anyway, total disregard his feelings. Tony thinks, in a second of blistering panic, that he’s made himself so ugly now, and what will he do? What the fuck will he do when Steve looks at him and winces, when the walls start going up, where’s he going to go? Who would take him now, with all this baggage, with all this – hate?
Tony swallows what’s left in his mouth, draws his hand over his chin. “One of your own, huh?” He croaks.
“I know.” Tony replies. It’s like a second skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
He lives with Steve for three more weeks, because he’s hiding from something.
He handles the helmet delicately, caresses the metal with his thumb. Cruel irony, he thinks; looking at it reminds him of Tony’s white face, the charred right side of his body. Foreshadowing, is the word he’s looking for. He strokes his fingers down the carved out metal, shuts his eyes.
“Okay.” Then, because Tony knows it’s coming: “We’re worried.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony yawns, “I’m not playing with myself anymore. I’m too tired.”
Sarah takes this in for a moment, processes. “Is tomorrow – sorry, but tomorrow – is it the anniversary?”
“I’m good thanks,” Rhodey smiles. “You’re a regular face around here?” He says, once the nurse has gone.
Tony sighs, flicking through the hologram. He has to finish this by when? Next week, maybe. Next week. Well, next week can wait. Tony’s starving.
“I bet. Did he leave his number with you?”
“No,” Tony admits, “I think he’s old fashioned. Or maybe – he’s a good guy, right? But I think he thinks I’m some kind of… I don’t know. Maybe it’s a family thing, you know? He’s just looking out for me.”
“You finished?”
"What?"
It’s worse. And he hopes he’s just imagining the sound of rats in the corner. Rats, or – shadows, creeping along the wall like weeds, slithering. They peel back when Tony looks at them directly, like they were never there. When he gets close to the sleep, the black closes in, he thinks,
he doesn’t say. ‘Steve’, he hears in his head, Bucky’s stumbling, broken steps, before he crumbled and faded away.
“Uh?” Tony winces, covering his eyes with his hand.
“That was important, back there. What world do you live in that you think extra-judicial murder and torture isn’t something worth listening to?”
“You’ve clearly already had these thoughts,” Fury shrugs, “you’re half-way there. You’ve almost made him yours. Now, put that influence to good use. It’s all I’m asking.”
“Oh, fuck you.” Tony spits. He kicks at the table, upends some potatoes onto the floor. “Why I ever thought — I could trust you, or anyone, is unbelievable. There is no one on this earth who could ever, ever, give a shit about me.”
“I like the smell of rain.”
“And Valhalla? What is that?”
He trails off. He feels stupid.
Now, Mosely rests his chin on Tony’s chest while he absent-mindedly scratches behind his ears. Despite not having to be up by half nine, he doesn’t think he’ll be able to get back to sleep. He rolls and checks the alarm; 06:12, 18th of December.
“He only saw,” Steve says, separate from himself, voice absurdly level. “He didn’t roll the dice, make those odds. He didn’t force Tony to do what he did.”
“You’re not going to hurt me,” he says, confidently. “You don’t know how. You’ve never killed with your own two hands in your life.”
Tony presses his head to Steve's knees. "I mean it." He says "I'm sorry I talked about your nightmares like that. It was shitty. And for the record, I wouldn't leave. I'll never stop waking you up when you cry."
“No,” Tony snap, swerving to avoid his grasp, reaching for the bottle. “It’s not yours, you can’t even get drunk.”
Tony feels a familiar ache, like a longing, or being hollowed out. “No,” he says, “not now. Maybe later.”
Pierce flicks ash. “I mean,” he continues, “it seems like the Captain is spurred to action by one, very particular, trigger.”
Tony sleeps then, real sleep. It would be easy to follow him. But Steve stays awake just that while longer, to make sure his ghosts stay away. Their ghosts, now.
“I wish…” Tony sighs. “I wish you’d made different choices, Steve. I just can’t help but shake the feeling, I wouldn’t be here if you had. I’d be at home, or in a queen-size at the St. Regis. God, do you remember that? Best birthday ever. Next time -- "
“Is that all?”
Steve cracks open an eye. “You okay, sweetheart?” He blurs, voice croaky. “You didn’t have a bad dream, did you?”
“And where would I have gone?”
"Still green. I just -- " Tony swallows "I was doing so good."
“You,” Steve answers, immediately. “You’re the cleverest person I know, did you know that?”
left on my desk?”
Fingers in his hair. He’s shivering. Words are blurred, and if he opens his eyes, he sees terrible things. Someone leans close. They spit into his ear, words, Tony is sure. He doesn’t know what they say, he plays it safe. “Whatever you want me to be,” he whispers, slurring.
It doesn’t hurt, not exactly. Tony doesn’t know what he said that was wrong. Was it something he did? He pulls on his pants silently, awkwardly. He opens his mouth to say, ‘okay, have a nice night,’, but no words come out. Steve isn’t even looking at him. So he just leaves.
“Who fucking knows. Maybe they’d have you institutionalised.”
The worst of the burns are on the right side of this throat, skin mottled, twisted. Vaguely, it’s the shape of a handprint, except when the skin began to melt it lost most of its shape. The left side has one thumb mark, where Killian had squeezed. It stretches up towards his jaw, ugly, unavoidable.
Quiet. The trees above their heads sway in the wind, blissfully immune, impervious, pure.
“No. Smell
“I want Lana.” Gus says quietly.
Scott. Mills. Sokolov. Morgan. Pierre. Trevelyan. Ogawa.
Sarah sighs. “Because I don’t know. Because I liked you. Because — isn’t it human nature to help other people who are suffering? And I needed a change, I hated New York. And you, you were — clever, and kind, even thought you couldn’t see it. I had lot’s of reasons. Not all entirely unselfish, I’ll admit — “
“And?”
Steve is still hard, and still just lying there, breathing. The shock of it has momentarily broken his brain. “Uh,” he groans.
“What a taskmaster.”
Rogers doesn’t smile. Does he ever smile? Briefly, Tony thinks he’s going to let go of his wrist, but he doesn’t; he lowers it, uses it to tug Tony closer. “What about now?” He asks, quietly. “Do I seem ‘pushable’ now?”
"Maybe it was."
By the time he’s done, Tony’s a shivering wreck. Steve tucked his thumbs into places he rarely lets others go, has had his feathers smoothed, muscles dug into shape. His eyes are shut, he’s half-way gone. I hate you, he thinks drowsily, but he doesn’t mean it. He hates this, maybe. The circumstances. The arbitrariness of it all.
"Do you feel different?"
"He'll be fine." Steve sighs. "All he needs is a few days rest."
Tony doesn’t say. “I’m here for you,” Tony says again, softly, “Steve. Steve Rogers, I’m here for you.”
So the other alpha breaks first. “I’m sorry,” he says, bluntly. “It was a joke. It won’t happen again, okay?”
Tony rests his head on the glass, screws his eyes shut.
“Fine.”
“Simple things. I — live for the simple things. A simple life.”
This was an inevitable.
“I’m not – don’t. I’m not leaving him. I’m not – “
“I’m not lying. Tony I love you. I fucking love you, and we can leave, both of us. We can do it now — “
So, decapitation at the end of this, but it's of a minor, non-important character.
“Why now?”
Tony shrugs off his shirt, pulls on the silk night-pants Natasha got him for his birthday. “Are you coming to bed?” He asks, in lieu of a response.
“Leave me,” he croaks, “just go.”
Tony narrows his eyes. To see him? He tries to think what that could mean. “Clothes on,” he says, bluntly.
“I don’t mean anything by it,” Pierce says gently. “Just that – there are hidden depths. Those drugs, the one that Rogers was dosed with? It only heightens what’s already there, Tony. Just… think about that.”
“You’ve lost everything,” Pepper whispers, and the words curl over Tony’s mind, dissipate, he can’t think what they mean. There’s a fire, somewhere, he can feel the heat on one side of his body, not quite burning, but too hot to be comfortable. It’s okay, though. He can manage.
“I mean, other than Steve’s pardon.”
Steve’s gait is almost too fast for him to keep up. He hears him wish the doorman a merry Christmas. In the elevator, there’s silence. Until Steve asks, quietly:
Black spots in his vision. He feels it, encroaching, panic and pain. He slaps his hands weakly into Steve’s shoulders, his face, tries to push him away. He –
He makes mistakes. He just hit you over the head with a bottle. We've both very, very flawed. Your father does not know how to show love and he does not know how to treat you. The age gap is too big. He's too retreated. Maybe when you're older. I know, certainly, that when you are older you will understand.
“Cold is fine,” Tony dismisses, because there’s now a pit in his stomach, “cold is good. Pizza is perfect.”
Steve visits the grave.
ass-up and silent. It’s not an omega thing, it’s a – Tony won’t shut up, and spends half his time trying to come up with new and cruel insults to snap at me over a table. So, in my head, I like to imagine him forced to shut his mouth.”
Natasha blinks. “Tony – ”
This was around the time that he stopped leaving HQ all together.
“Of course you did, clever boy,” she laughs. “I would have bet on you, you know, if they were running the odds.”
It’s a plot of Stark land just on coast. A forest, a lake. In the spring, flowers will grow.
Tony pushes his chair back, the legs scraping against the tiled floor.
“I know you’ll never forgive yourself. I don’t see much point in labouring the details.”
“No, it’s not,” Steve presses, voice now slightly challenging. Who’s being interrogated here, him or Steve?! “It says in your file, you were fifteen the first time. I was reading all this stuff about imprinting, and cultural control – “
(See the end of the chapter for
Murray has left bruises on his wrists, and even though he’s not
They sit in quiet. Sarah takes a forkful of his cake and chews thoughtfully. “I have Mosely,” she says eventually, casual.
"Thank you." Steve blurts "Thanks. That's -- that's really awesome of you, Tony."
A beat. “You know what I think, Stark?”
Steve grabs him. Hooks an arm around his waist and pulls him free. He sits up on the ground, slaps his back until he vomits slimy green water and pushes his hair – now sticky with dirt and other things – free from his brow. Tony is shivering so hard, even his parka is cold, and he’s filthy, smelling like pond water. “I’m sorry,” he chatters, teeth grinding. “That was st-stupid. I want – I wanted – “
Take it off him, Steve demands, through gritted teeth, you take it off him right now.
“Like, uh,” Tony smirks. He explains exactly how they tied him, and how it felt, and what they did to him after he was all dozy and hot and desperate.
he thinks. He doesn’t know why. He’s crying. He doesn’t know why.
“Do you want to leave?”
Fury nods. “Okay,” he shrugs, “that was an attempt. Would you like some orange?”
“Fuck,” Steve breathes, exhales, wiping his eyes and pulling his legs beneath him. “What am I doing, I’m – “ he brings it up to his face, lets his brow rest against the cool, smooth face. “Tony,” he wheezes, face crumpling, tears coming, now. “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry, I’m so, fucking sorry.”
Tony smiles, politely. Ducks his head. “You always did like to collect special things,” he says.
“Undo my hands,” Tony orders. “I need to get my pants off. Take your cock out. You don’t need to do jackshit, just let me do this.”
And Steve waits for Tony’s final verdict.
“There are lots of nice ones of you in here.”
“The others are worried.”
“Has she gone to help him?”
Gus laughs, bitterly. “I tried,” he says “we tried to hide it for as long as we could,” he says, delirious “but how could you, in those days? Too many traitors, Captain, neighbour on neighbour. It was awful,” he slurs “so bad. And I? I did… awful things, Captain.”
“You mention him a lot.”
Steve wants to say,
Tony smirks. “Pillow talk,” he says.
And so. Tony Stark, alone. Potts gone, Rhodes…unwell. His fortune dwindled, his friends gone. His company, his legacy, everything he had worked for, diminished, crumbled and scattered. It was, in retrospect, easy to see why Tony reduced his life to a simple question of life and death. It must have been very satisfying to draw three lines in his wrists and call it quits.
He lunges, and Pierce scatters back, into a side table, throws it in his path, laughing, wheezing. “You’re too slow,” he mocks, “you won’t be able to do it, Stark. Give up. Give in.”
“Mmm. Thank you. For doing that for me, you didn’t have to.”
“We had broken up.”
“See for yourself.” Steve tosses it into his lap, sits himself in the armchair nearest the windows. “I don’t think the guy in the shop knew who I was.”
want to kiss me. You want to thank me. You want to pay reparation, because I’ve helped you, and because I took care of you. You want to kiss me. It’s your choice, Tony.”
Gus blinks. His eyes have gone hazy, blank. Steve crouches, squeeze his shoulder. “Augustus, can this kill you?”
Strange sips. "This is good," he says, "it's cinnamon."
Tony tsks, takes back his hand. “Stop it,” he teases. “You’re much more than that. You’re my – concubine. It’s practically an official position.”
Steve had taken Tony’s shoulders, hissed in his face. “Stop it,” he said. “Stop saying that. Do you know how — fucking terrifying that is? Hearing you say that? You’re not going to die, Tony. You have years left, decades left.”
“Nah. I think I’d like to let it ring, send some people looking. What do you think?”
“We were married, Steve,” Pepper says, helping herself to more salad, “for five years. You don’t think it came up at all?”
Steve looks at him. “Yeah,” he says, softly, “it does.”
“Don’t think about what I’m telling you,” Pierce murmurs, “just do it. If you do that, you’re a good boy.” Tony shivers. “You will be safe and protected if you do what I say. No one will touch you if you do exactly what I say, always.” He strokes behind Tony’s ear.
“From Stark. A bad time, I presume?”
Tony does, dutifully, and swallows, licking his lips slightly. "Do you know what fruit it is?"
“From Stark? I really don’t like to have to ask twice, but you’re being very rude. This is making me consider rescinding my offer.”
“Oh yeah,” Tony agrees, “I took all the pills.”
“It would be selfish, Steven.”
“That’s for me to know. You’re just a working piece, Tony. Do this for me, and I’ll make sure this file meets the shredder.”
Tony laughs, incredulously, lets Steve pull out a chair at his table. “Beep beep beep?”
Steve maybe picks up on the change on his scent, the way he holds his chin back, reticent, unwilling. He cups Tony’s nape, strokes him there, his own head tipped back, eyes shut, revelling in the silence.
“He didn’t,” Tony states, not wanting to know the answer.
No rest for the wicked, of course.
“Okay,” he says, simply. “If you say so. I’ll talk to him in the morning.”
"You didn't do anything wrong."
so he makes this disturbing noise with the back of his throat instead. But that must not reassure Nick, because he tests the door, rattling it.
“And you’ll need to do press. Explain that you’re grateful justice has been served, that you’ve always maintained you were unfairly weighed against — “
“I can walk, I’m fine, I – “
He’s laughing at you, he’s laughing at you, they’re all laughing at you. Mocking you, laughing at you, teasing you, what are you going to do about it? What are you going to –
Tony swallows, and for some strange reason, smiles. “Aren’t we fucked up, Steve? Aren’t we just two screwed up people?”
Steve examines the dog. One ear that flaps, another that sticks up straight. Pallid blue eyes, a bright pink tongue. Brown fur with white tuffs, white socks on it’s feet. Yeah, he thinks, yeah he does look a bit like a Mosely.
“No,” Tony says, carefully.  “My – stock was damaged, you know? Some rumours, some other stuff. The marriage offers stopped coming in. And then my parents died. I’ve had offers for breeding, since, but I just… couldn’t do that,” Tony admits, lamely.
Tony frowns, wrinkles his nose. "Maybe in really hardline couples."
“Yeah?”
“He was,” Tony says. “He was gruff, and pretty hardgoing on all of us. But my mom had a way around him, and – he wanted to make her happy.”
“He thought he was
He braces his hand on Steve’s shoulder, but Steve just catches his wrist, pulls it away; he’s aware, as always, that he
“I’m just being friendly, From Stark.”
Pepper pokes her fork into a cherry tomato. “Steve,” she says, chewing, “he was my boss for eight years before he was captured. I saw
Half of its face is calcified, burnt. The agony of that, he thinks. A terrible way to die.
He swallows. “You know I love it when you get all Brooklyn-rough, Rogers.”
“She insisted.”
“And?”
Tony puts down the pot. "Why are we talking about this?" He demands. "What -- " Tony pauses, blinking "he's back, isn't he?"
“Yeah,” he croaks, raw. “Fuck, make me take it, Captain.”
“Where is home, Gus?” The conversation will help. He’s tired, he’s thirsty. He hasn’t eaten since the plane journey with Pepper. He needs this.
Steve straightens. “You always tell yourself you’re in control. But Killian came here tonight, for you, to further his own agenda. And for some reason – and I don’t know why, because I know you’re not stupid, but I do know you’re vulnerable – you’re going to play right into his hands. Well, good luck to you, Stark. Don’t come crawling back to me after it’s all said and done, I’m finished.”
“What are you talking about?” Clint interjects.
After, Tony would be apologetic. He would slide up to Steve, beg forgiveness, explain that everything was so stressful and it wasn’t Steve he was angry at. He would become tearful, he would tear at his hair. He would drink, and Steve would try to stop him, knowing full well that it would just make him worse if confronted.
“This isn’t very… spontaneous.”
“Guilt,” Tony notes. “But more importantly, answer the question.”
"You say that a lot, Rogers," Tony spits, standing and carefully levering himself out the bath as carefully as he can "you, fine, you know what? We're obviously both tired. Something's got you irritated. I'll sleep downstairs."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Like old times, right?”
“I don’t… understand.”
Steve takes his chin, tips it upwards. “I’m a Captain,” he says, “in my capital city, having my ass-licked by the richest men in the country, and I’ve got a sweet bitch to warm my bed tonight.” He kisses him, too deeply to be acceptable in public, one arm wrapped around his waist, pulling him onto the tips of his toes. He kisses him, right there, in a room full of brass who at this moment are noting it down, trying to work out how they can use it to their advantage.
Steve frowns at him. Then: “Oh, god,” he quickly corrects, “Jesus, did I – “
“You poor thing.” She says, and Tony shifts on the covers, presses his head closer into the furs under his bare skin. He doesn’t want to think, doesn’t want to talk. He’s happy to just let those toying fingers continue while he eases himself back down.
like that,” he admits. “It was hard, on the helicarrier. I’m not used to you being out of control.”
“Moving,” Tony says, mouth dry. “Okay.”
“Things ebb and flow. People – come and go. We suffer greatly, and we’re made better for it.”
Tony's head lolls to the side. "Choo choo." He says quietly.
“Mmm hmm.”
After, when Loki is locked somewhere in the bowels of the ship, and Tony is definitely alive, and the portal that was in the sky is gone, shut, finished, they’re standing on the brig, looking out at the clouds.
Killian slaps him; it
Tony lifts his head. “What’s’it?” He mumbles, rubbing his hand over his face. Sleeping? He maybe sleeping. He – stop, think like a human: he must have fallen asleep.
“I don’t think he tells you everything,” Pierce says, as they step through the double doors into the salon. He pauses, brushes down Tony’s lapels. Tony gets distracted.
, his eyes water unbidden. “Steve,” he says, “I’m sorry, make me yours. Punish me for it. I’ve been bad, so bad, haven’t I?”
he thinks, and cracks it into his skull.
Hand in his hair, bending him, face on the ground. Steve at his back, hot, heavy; Tony can smell him now, thick, all alpha and raw lust. He can hear the slick sound of Steve taking himself in hand, groaning at the feel, while Tony squirms on the floor, nails clawing.
“Maybe she did.”
You had a sister. When your sister was born, Tony, I was happy. I was so happy to have a child. And I think, when she died, all the love I could give a child went with her. Your father took a turn for the worse, after that. He drank more. You were a miracle that was not supposed to happen.
Pierce tsks. He gently scratches his fingers through the back of Tony’s hair, tips his head forward so it’s hanging against his chest.
“Not yet. What prompted that?”
“I didn’t realise we had an appointment.”
“They should fuck. We should make them fuck.”
It’s cold, and Tony is near enough naked. Cold enough that his breath fogs and he shivers, teeth rattling inside his skull. It’s good, though, because this way he can pretend it’s not because he’s dreamt awful dreams. The city is so bright. It makes his eyes ache.
I'M SORRY FOR BEING SO SHITTY AND LITERALLY NOT UPDATING IN A MONTH I AM ACTUAL SCUM but please enjoy also warning for death and maybe suicidal ideation, just in case.
“Fine. Don’t trust him, Stark,” Steve warns, pointing his finger at him, furious. “I don’t trust him, he looks shady. If you want to go in there – “
“Shut up, Clint.” Natasha mutters.
“Super.” Steve says, voice dull. “Have you eaten.”
Tony shrugs again. He sneaks a look at Nick’s face from under his lashes. Friendly and safe, of course. Obviously. Steve wouldn’t leave him with anyone who wasn’t.
“Come to bed,” Steve says, warm against his back. His mouth is close to Tony’s ear. He doesn’t even flinch.
“Other people should mind their own business.”
“M’ a Nazi.” Gus slurs. “M’ a, that’s my, I’m a Nazi. Or, that's what people call me. S'not true, though.”
Tony winces, retracts his helmet. “Jesus, Hill – you can’t think of a better way to say that?”
And now Steve smells upset, maybe a little conflicted. “I don’t want you getting yourself into trouble on my account. Sleeping with people who don’t treat you right.”
It feels good. Restorative. That evening, while he cooks their stew with seasonings he found in the back of the cupboard, he draws up a list for Nick to read. It’s disconcerting, how much his handwriting has degenerated – the letters are large and wobbled, like he’s writing with the wrong hand. But the words come back to him, at least long enough to get them down on paper. Which is reassuring. He puts down supplies: pasta, tomatoes, onions, ground beef. Nick eyes it disparagingly. “Oh, so you’re making requests now?”
His people listened to his instruction. Many saw the confrontation but left them be. Though, he did see Clint perched on a tree, an arrow aimed at Obadiah’s head if Tony got into any danger. Tony fired a quick shot to a weak point in the old Alpha’s armor, at the joint of his knee.
He felt close to these people already. It was going to be very hard to resist this marriage, and honestly, as the night went on Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to resist it. Steve’s clan sounded freeing, and if Tony could escape his father’s watchful eye, it would be a blessing.
“I will never surrender to an Omega. You shouldn’t even be on this battlefield. Where is your dear husband? I do hope my blade struck true. Is that why he’s not here? Did he perish?” Obadiah sneered at him.
The announcement was made public first thing, sounds of horns and declarations of the trial time was announced. Riders went to tell the farmers who lived on the outskirts. It was set for early afternoon, after everyone’s midday meals.
“What? What’s wrong?” Tony asked, as he got up and threw some clothes on in a hurry. In their line of work, they needed to be ready for just about anything, and Tony was reacting on impulse.
They did not go back to sleep that night, too wound up from the night's occurrences. Tony couldn’t sleep even if he wanted to. The baby kicked and jumped on his bladder all night after that as if he was doing a circus act in Tony’s womb. Tony could feel that this one was going to be energetic.
Howard shifted, posturing slightly, but Tony didn’t back down. He didn’t care what an Alpha did or said, he wouldn’t be some demure, barefooted Omega. Not that he thought anything less of soft-spoken mothers who cherished their life at home. But that wasn’t him. He was a thinker, an inventor. He didn’t want a mate or children, at least not right now.
Once the ceremony was over, the people left the loved ones of the victims to grieve in more privacy. Tony could barely touch his food at dinner before the council meeting. He couldn’t stop thinking of all the death, of Hydra. He eventually had to push his plate away.
The two days passed very quickly. Tony’s decision to marry this foreign Alpha was only solidified in that time. Steve was kind, considerate, and very liberal for the age. It was obvious that Steve held a candle for Tony and his brashness, as well. Tony was certainly not going to find another Alpha like Steve. This young Lord and his clan was Tony’s best chance at happiness in a world that limited everything an Omega could do.
Steve gave him another moment still, before sliding further and further in. Tony moaned, soft and breathy as he felt the beginnings of the Alpha’s knot against him. He was so, so full. It felt amazing. He was claimed, in all the best ways, his inner Omega purring at having such an amazing mate. Tony thought he’d be disgusted with himself for such thoughts, but he wasn’t. He wanted in a way that he didn’t know was possible.
Maria tutted and wiped away his tears. “It isn’t merely an omega thing to cry, my darling. We all have emotions, and I know you must be very scared. You’re so brave, my beautiful son. Please, at least try? I’ve heard good things about Steven Rogers. I hear he’s a kind young man,” Maria told him, trying to be helpful.
Steve felt his breath falter a little bit, with this admission. He really couldn’t believe after all this time of wanting Tony that this might finally be happening. Bucky was waiting for them up in Tony’s room. The three of them? Could it really work like that? “You and Bucky. You both had feelings for me, but didn’t think I’d return them?” Steve felt like the world’s biggest idiot. How could he have possibly given off all the wrong signals? Was he so concerned for their happiness and well being that he’d acted disinterested altogether?
He knew that the traditionalists had to be glaring daggers at them, but Tony didn’t care. He was too caught up in how happy he felt in the moment. There was cheering from a large majority of the people, and when they turned to face their clans, now destined to be one, Tony couldn’t hide the smile on his face. He was surprised to see his father again looking proud, his mother sniffling a little bit at her place beside him.
Steve just fixed him with a warm gaze and turned back to Howard. “It’s been a most wonderful greeting, Lord Stark. But I wonder if my entourage and I might have some time to settle in? Our horses are very tired from the long journey. I’m sure we’ll be able to talk business later tonight?”
“What?” Steve managed to croak out, finally feeling brave enough to look into Bucky’s eyes. Bucky let out an impatient huff, and he smirked. Steve wanted to know just what in the hell the jerk thought was so damn funny, but he was still in too much shock to ask.
“You deserve it, Steve. You must think before you speak. Obviously, this Omega does not take well to bumbling Alphas,” the girl said and Tony turned an interested eye toward her. He could feel his father’s offended stance, though he would not dare say anything to the person Steve chose to have sitting on his left.
“And you are?” Tony only addressed the redhead, sipping his wine casually. Steve sighed and looked like he understood that he’d made an error and deserved the silent treatment to a certain extent. Steve grabbed his own wine and took a drink.
Pepper looked relieved. She smiled shakily and leaned into his touch. “I wasn’t sure…” she said softly. Tony tutted and stood, taking off his own robes and giving Pepper a break from it all.
They’d known Bucky was out there, of course. After the fall of Shield, Steve had hunted for Bucky relentlessly, with Sam’s help. His lost friend hadn’t wanted to be found. He wouldn’t give up, he’d decided, but his heart had to move on. He couldn’t wait for Bucky to find him again; especially since what was left of his friend wasn’t the same man he’d known all those years ago.
Steve’s gaze immediately went to him, worry evident on his face. He walked over to his Omega and looked him over. “Tony?” Came his concerned voice, though he kept it quiet so most of the people wouldn’t notice. “Were you injured during the battle?” That was his most likely conclusion. That Tony had been slightly injured and had been hiding the pain in front of their prisoners.
“Finally! You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do that,” Tony admitted with another small laugh. He brought Bucky close for another eager but short kiss. “God! This is amazing. Think of the sex. I mean, I have been thinking of the sex, trust me. You make it really hard not to, what with all your…muscles and sexiness and just…” Tony sighed happily. “I’m rambling aren’t I?” He asked, but he didn’t seem overly bothered with his own realization.
The trip took a couple months. It was long, and arduous, though the whole company did everything they could to keep Tony comfortable. He shrugged them off at every turn, though. He wanted to be strong; he wanted to be a leader they could respect, not some whimpering Omega.
Tony fixed her with a bitter glance. “Perhaps…but can I not even choose who I’m meant to marry? Does it have to be some random Lord I’ve never met before?” He didn’t necessarily want a mate at the moment, but if he ever did, he’d at least like the choice of selecting who it was.
He couldn’t help but put a hand on his own stomach, and he felt renewed purpose. He wouldn’t let another pup die like this. He’d burn Obadiah himself before he let harm come to another child under his rule. He stood shakily and went on to the other graves, dropped roses on caskets following his path.
Pepper walked with him by his side as he left the tent and walked through their clan. He spotted Natasha at a communal fire, Clint sitting by her side and giving many passing Alphas a dirty look. Tony smiled and walked to them, and they smiled back as they noticed him approaching. He saw Natasha give Pepper a glance as well, which was very interesting. He wondered if this clan was more lenient in that regard as well.
Tony fixed the passing Alphas with an unapologetic stare. They were used to his disobedience, though they still scoffed at it before moving on. “Don’t pay them any mind,” Tony said, and Natasha snorted a bit in amusement.
Yes, this is what he had fought for.
A nurse broke the marked silence between them. She shuffled in and introduced herself in a calming tone, but Steve didn’t really retain it. He let her check him over. He knew the answer already. He was in perfect health.
Tony spoke up, not wanting to wait another moment to affirm. “I do,” he said and the relief in Steve’s eyes was obvious. He had no idea what the Alpha was expecting. Though, he supposed that the Alpha must have had worries of his own before tonight, just like Tony had in his tent.
“I hope the ceremony happens soon. I’m eager to leave here,” Tony admitted softly. He’d miss his mother, though he wouldn’t miss anyone else. Those he cared for, he was taking. That would be a part of this agreement. Surely his father wouldn’t disallow him to take a small handful of people as an entourage.
He didn’t know where Steve was, but he didn’t have time to look for his husband. He stepped forward, his suit making soft whirs. He aimed his hands and started firing at the attackers.
Their plan on catching Obadiah and his army off guard seemed to be working. They got ever closer to Tony’s childhood lands, their march on the paths quiet. They got so close that they decided to set up a camp and a perimeter. It was something far more permanent that they had set up on nights previous. This took about a week to do, as they got prepared to make a possible stand if their night raid didn’t work.
Tony, despite Natasha’s comforting words, shook like a leaf. “I can’t help it. I’m worried that he won’t want me suddenly. Or that the council will oppose and ruin it,” he spoke truthfully. Tony could tell that Obadiah and many of the traditional Alphas of their tribe disapproved with Steve’s politics. Tony marrying a liberal Alpha hardly counted as him marrying an Alpha at all, in some of their minds.
Steve shook his head. “You would have found a way, even without me.” Tony didn’t deny the words. He’d been resistant all his life, especially after presenting. He knew that even without Steve’s clan coming into his life, he would have done something.
“Something is wrong. Don’t lie to me, Stevie,” Bucky said firmly, eyes serious. “Not here.” And hell if that didn’t strike something in Steve. He rubbed the back of his neck, not sure how he was going to get out of this. He couldn’t tell the truth, otherwise he’d lose both of them, wouldn’t even have them as friends.
Tony and the other people from Stark had an easy transition. Some did not like the cold. Pepper complained about it from time to time. They all got used to that aspect quickly though. The atmosphere here was noticeably different. They were communal, and casual, though they kept their military and survival skills sharp. They kept their minds sharp too. Tony saw children of all ages running around with books, mothers, and fathers telling them to treat the pages with care.
Steve stepped up behind him, kissing his neck. “I’m sorry I ever doubted you. I was scared. I am still scared,” Steve admitted softly. Tony leaned back into his Alpha’s touch and sighed. They’d been having a bit of a fight this past week, Steve wanting him to stay behind, and Tony wanting to join the fight.
Steve couldn’t help but watch. He could enjoy the sight now that he knew he hadn’t lost them both to each other. They were so beautiful together, and Steve knew he would never tire of watching them. Bucky turned to him next, and he caught Bucky’s lips in a kiss easily, like it was the most natural thing in the world to do. He heard Tony’s quiet, interested hum from beside them.
“My father fought the elders on it endlessly. When the plague hit, the elders and a large majority of the council died. So, the laws were up to me,” Steve explained. Tony had judged this Alpha too quickly, it seemed.
“Is it done? I hear a lot of celebrating outside,” Steve asked him, looking hopeful, while at the same time admiring the peaceful scene of Tony feeding their pup. Tony smiled brightly and nodded.
Another update! I'm going to try and be good and update every weekend! I've been much better about it lately, and I want to keep it up!
Tony’s blood boiled. “You. You’re the one that wounded him?” Tony raised a gauntlet, pointed it right at Obadiah’s head. It would be so easy. He should just fire now. “He’s alive, you failed. Just like your attempt at a takeover is failing now. You’re being bested by an Omega who just gave birth three days ago,” Tony said with an air of confidence, a smirk on his face.
Bucky had been spending a lot of time with Tony in his lab. He was fascinated by science, as it turned out, and Tony was all too eager to try and explain his ideas to someone who actually looked interested. Steve always did too, but Tony knew it was because he had a friendly fondness for Tony’s antics, not because he was genuinely interested in Tony’s inventions. But that was fine in Tony’s book.
Obadiah was more than likely the culprit. Maybe even the elders and other Alpha leaders were behind it too. The people who had watched him grow, who had raised him, taught and governed him, had betrayed his family.
Labor wasn’t anything like how it was dramatized. Tony spent long hours just staring at the walls and sighing in boredom, wishing he could be in his armor and preparing for the fight. Then, a contraction would hit, and he’d have to bite down a scream and breathe through it.
Tony nodded and then hesitated with a little shrug. “Well, technically, yeah. Since dad and I work for them. They would never have found the wreckage without my sensor technology, but…I won’t brag or anything.” It seemed very much like Tony was bragging.
“Oh, how he used to look at you with love, my Anthony. You were his pride and joy until that day,” she would say, regret and sadness tinting her voice. Like it was his natural biology’s fault for Howard’s anger.
Once the older man was gone, Tony shifted over to a nearby chair somewhat nervously.
“Somehow, by the grace of all the gods, someone has accepted my offer to take you.” When Howard said this, Tony’s gaze immediately goes back up to his father, brown eyes wide with fear.
He didn’t protest as Steve readied the bath. He really was sore. He shed the casual clothes he’d half-heartedly put on just to be decent for their tribe when the water was warm and scented.
Steve smiled wider once he heard it and he nodded, not even once thinking of questioning it. “It’s perfect,” he told Tony resolutely. He turned to Tony’s stomach and kissed it gently. “Little Peter, give your mother an easy time,” he asked of the unborn child. Tony couldn’t help but smile fondly at the gesture.
The morning came, sun peaking over the horizon. Tony and Steve got dressed, and wordlessly went about their morning before heading out to the main communal podium. It’s where trials were held. The Lords, council, religious figures, and a random poll of citizens would make the judgment.
Steve went silent, blue eyes searching Tony’s infuriated brown. “I understand, Tony. I do. I just…I want our son safe. I’m worried about losing you, losing him. Losing both of you,” he admitted quietly. “What if you have him in the midst of battle? War is no place for a newborn.” Tony was halfway through his fifth month now. With the two weeks training and the two months travel, it was a very real possibility that Tony could have the pup in the midst of it all.
Tony seemed to be a little taken aback by having to give this information so suddenly. He politely clears his throat and gives Steve a careful look. “Captain. The year is 2365.”
“He’s pregnant,” came a quiet voice beside him. One of the few agents that had infiltrated the group that had revolted and ran for the Rogers clan. It was a large number, more than Obadiah had been expecting. Many of them good soldiers, who had found the murders vulgar and said they’d rather follow an Omega than a murderer.
He cradled the crying child in his arms and rocked him, humming and purring soothingly like a mother does. He’s a mother. It hits him hard all of a sudden, like running into a brick wall. He had a son, and he’s a mother.
Steve nodded and gave him a soft look. He reached out and touched Tony’s arm. He was still weak, so he couldn’t move much. “It’s okay. It had to be done,” Steve said softly as if reading his Omega’s mind. “I’m here for you. I know that battle is traumatic.”
Howard raised his hands and the drum beating as well as the cheering and murmuring crowd finally settled down so everyone could listen intently to the news.
Tony gritted his teeth. “Not exactly,” he admitted, just as quiet. He was only eight months along. It wasn’t time yet. The pup was early. Perhaps not dangerously so, under normal circumstances, but they were in the midst of war. Any little deficiency could mean death.
Tony let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. He rocked Peter in his arms, who had fallen asleep again out of exhaustion no doubt. Bruce wrapped Steve’s wound in a tighter bandage.
“Which one is yours?” Tony asked, looking around excitedly. He was so happy to be here, the air felt fresh and clean. He felt free in so many ways. Steve gave him a soft smile and took Tony’s hand in his.
“This Hydra threat needs to be dealt with, quickly,” Fury said with anger in his voice. “We can’t give them a chance to reform their plan and attack.” The eldest council member slammed his fist on the table to emphasize his point.
He could barely think as Pepper fretted over him, trying to get him clean and dressed and looking good for the new arrival. Tony knew she didn’t approve of this either, but she was on the chopping block from Howard if Tony didn’t look good. It was because of this fact that Tony let the other Omega do what she could.
Pepper nodded, seeming to understand Tony’s thought process. “I agree with you, Tony. He is a very nice man, I can tell. He’ll treat you well.” She smiled a little sadly up at him and Tony is confused at first before he connected the dots.
Tony squared his shoulders a bit and nodded. “I did,” he answered succinctly. He didn’t want to seem too eager. It would be out of character for him, and perhaps Howard would start questioning a match that Tony was actually amenable to. “I believe our tribes have the most to offer each other. Though the final decision is of course up to you, father.”
Tony blinked in surprise, and then he grinned back. Yeah, that was definitely a man who was interested. He nodded, letting his grin ease into a small smirk. “Sure thing, buttercup,” He teased, brown eyes twinkling. Bucky looked a little relieved at that and definitely excited. He set the tablet down and turned to leave the workshop.
Here's the second installment! More to come soon! Thank you for reading! :)
Tony sighed and grabbed a cup of coffee, trying to force the thoughts of being romantically interested in Barnes away. It was bad enough with Steve, now he had to go and fall for another super soldier? Figures the men he likes are always as straight as the gods make them.
There was a beat of silence, a resistance. Then, a crack of a sharp hand over the Asset’s face. “Who. Do. You. Work. For?” Pierce hissed lowly.
This was all because of the experimental serum in his blood, the very thing that had saved him as a young man, and had let him enlist in Star Fleet in the first place. That had to be why he was here. That had to be why he hadn’t gone down with his crew like he should have.
Tony retracted the faceplate, eyes glaring with a violent gaze. Obadiah’s countenance immediately went shocked, and then angry. The Alpha let out a bark of horrid laughter.
“I am fighting. You’ll have to restrain me to keep me here,” Tony said with an air of finality. He took off the rest of his clothes and slipped into something more comfortable. He wouldn’t risk a bath this late at night. Despite the May air, the nights still got a little cold. Besides, he was exhausted. And he and Steve needed different temperatures since the hot water was bad for the child. Tony missed hot baths.
Steve tried to push his panic down as he left the workshop. His hands were shaking, breath coming in short gasps as he made his way to the gym. It was late, but he needed something to do, needed to sort out his feelings, and this was one of his sure-fire ways to deal with his issues.
“Okay,” Tony agreed softly, trying to calm himself down. They went to Steve’s floor, getting off the elevator wordlessly. Tony followed Steve to the living room, sitting down when Steve prompted him to. His hands were sweating a little, Steve’s behavior making him beyond nervous.
“It’s true, then. The stories of the experimental serum that they gave you,” Tony said softly as the nurse left, looking a little stunned at Steve’s health.
Steve had tried to talk to him a few times, see what he remembered. Bucky hated the sad look Steve got whenever Steve would talk about something and then notice that Bucky wasn’t remembering. It made Bucky avoid him a little, just so he didn’t have to try and pretend to be someone that Steve knew. It wasn’t that he didn’t care about his friend’s feelings. He did, which is why toward the end of the third day that Tony had shut himself up in his lab, Bucky decided to do something about it.
The thought of children came unbidden in his mind. He had to stop himself from lowering a hand to his stomach. It could very well be possible in the next few days, though his scent wouldn’t change for a good few weeks, even if it did stick right away. He knew his chances were much higher during a heat, but it was still possible.
“Move. Please, Steve,” Tony begged when it became apparent that Steve was going slow, stilling more than instinct would want, just for Tony’s comfort. He felt another gush of slick and he had to bite down on his lip to keep from whimpering pathetically.
“Lord Stark. It’s your parents! They’ve been slaughtered, my Lord. Obadiah refuses to recognize the land and clan as yours!” The news makes all the gathered people gasp in shock.
The man beside him scoffs. “Why don’t we just do it right off? Tonight.” Brock shook his head at the other man’s impatience. It really is too bad that many of the smarter warriors defected.
“Thank you,” Tony said quietly. “It’s true then? My mother and father? They’ve been slaughtered.” He dared to hope that there would be some other version, something Brock knew that the messenger didn’t. Brock looked at him grimly and nodded.
The next three days, Tony lived in virtual fear. He was expecting the arrival of his intended Alpha at any moment. The longer time went on, the more he realized it was much more likely that he was going to meet the young Lord that day.
One arrow went straight into a man’s throat. He made a noise of surprise and fell off his horse, only to be trampled by another rider. Tony raised his aim and shot again, getting one man in the eye. He screamed, and the distraction was enough for another loyal warrior of Steve and Tony’s to skewer their sword through the screaming Alpha’s heart.
Bucky gave him a hum and a glance that could only be described as curious and Tony felt a thrill shoot up his spine. Tony collected himself and went to his work. He didn’t even know how to address that. He was going to just run from it like he usually did. He felt a shifting weight behind him as he got to his worktable, and he was glad he’d set his mug down otherwise he might have dropped it.
When he looked up, he noticed Natasha staring at him with an amused glint in her eyes, Pepper looking pleased as well from her spot beside the other Omega. Tony flushed brightly and cleared his throat, straightening his posture and ignoring their gazes.
“Please. You know this isn’t about you being an Omega. I know you’re capable. I’ve seen it in your training with Natasha, I saw it on your journey here with me. I just…the travel isn’t easy. You know this. I worry about our son,” Steve said honestly.
He peered up at the man who had spoken. Human, from what Steve could tell. However, he didn’t recognize him as one of his crew. He had a relaxed nature about him, salt and peppered hair and a mustache.
Steve smiled and nodded, before leaning over to press a gentle kiss to Tony’s forehead. Tony closed his eyes and leaned into the touch, feeling warmth bloom through him. He didn’t feel uncertain or scared. He trusted this man with what was about to happen.
Steve’s countenance darkened considerably. He looked haunted as his gaze went from their angry, grieving people, to Tony. “A clan. Well, they call themselves a clan but they don’t have any allies. They don’t even really have land. They take what they think is theirs. They contest anyone and everyone, on the basis that they think themselves fit to rule all lands, every clan,” was his answer from his husband.
He spotted the universal translator from across the room. So, that’s how they could understand each other. It looked almost like Federation issue, but it was different. Tony tracked his gaze.
“Your parents.” Was the first thing out of Steve’s mouth, and Tony felt his blood go cold. His parents? Steve knew this was a sore subject for him. He hated talking about Howard and Steve’s good old days. Hated thinking about how he’d never got to say goodbye to his mother.
He felt so light, so full of hope. It seemed almost too good to be true, to be able to take the few people he cared for here, and move to another clan where Omegas could be free to think and do whatever an Alpha could.
“Your language is beautiful. Especially coming from you,” Steve said softly. Of course, Tony couldn’t understand him, so the other man just laughed and turned it back on.
______________________________________
“I don’t think he’s very good at waiting for the right moments,” Tony joked, even though there were unshed tears in his eyes. Steve smiled fondly despite his own sadness. There’s a moment of silence that passes between them, both hesitant to be apart.
Seeing him again, though. Seeing him with Tony that first night had made his feelings come crashing back so horribly…
Tony really did not like that answer, but he knew Steve was right. Heavily pregnant was one thing, but to go into the fray while in labor? That was just idiotic and he’d be risking both his and his son’s life.
There was a moment of silence between them before Bucky took Steve’s hand in his. “Let’s get out of here. We got a new home now, and a little genius waitin’ for us.” Bucky smiled and Steve couldn’t stop himself from smiling back. He didn’t know what all of this meant, and they hadn’t even asked Tony about it all, but he felt some hope.
“And business?” Steve asks “It’s booming, I hear.”
“You hear what you want to hear.”
“Do you really?” Tony smirks, and then frowns. “Do you?”
“Mmm.” Tony almost adds,
“God, From Stark,” the alpha moans, “you’re just so – ugh, Tony. Can I call you Tony?”
“Mmm,” Tony agrees, listlessly. He’s thinking, disobeying Ty was fine in the moment, but what next? He still has that footage. He can be impulsive – it was one of his least favourite things about him, the way he would just
There’s an awkward, sticky silence, and for a moment, Tony just can’t think why. “Yeah,” Steve says. “Yeah. Yeah, I’ll – see you, Tony. Next week.”
“Will you call him?”
“It’s not a problem, Tony. Stop thinking it’s a problem. I don’t have any other clients tomorrow, it’s fine. I mean – “ Tony notes the Sarah’s accent is especially thick when she’s nervous “ – will you be okay? In the city?”
Tony needs to keep hope. Because he knows, he must know, that Steve is coming for him. Surely he knows that Steve would never leave him?
“Did you enjoy it? On the helicarrier, I mean. I know I was rough.”
“You’d pushed yourself into the corner. And – I don’t need to remind you, how bad the wounds were. I think you knew it too, even though you hadn’t seen yourself, because you kept asking. Over and over. ‘Am I alright? Do I look pretty?’”
“It’s something I do effectively to the benefit of this team, that only I can do. It feels like a job.”
There had been a few incidents, towards the end. Tony, souped up on medication and suffering from alcohol withdrawal, had said some things to Steve, mean, nasty things. Things about his choices, yes, but also bizarre insults about his mother, his father, where he was from and what he had to put up with. He had said he wished Steve had stayed stuck on ice, that he had died in the crash, that his whore mother had fucked some other alcoholic, that she had considered protection. He had ranted about how he knew, just knew that Steve and Bucky were screwing, that they had always been screwing, that they were fuckbuddies long before Tony was around.
“We’re all fine. Natasha and Bucky, they’re — well, engaged.”
was homeless.
They’re there, All of them. Peggy, Dugan, Gabe and Monty. Jim and Jaques and Erksine. And Tony, standing, watching, smiling. In the months before his death, Tony had lost weight. Now, he stands like he did the day they first met, tall, strong, healthy. He raises his eyebrows like he’s daring Steve to say something, and Steve lurches forward, tries to catch him in his hands, pull him close.
“I didn’t.” Steve replies, and then, lower. “Natasha’s cooking.”
Pierce studies him, for a long time. Then: “Has he said anything to you?” He asks, voice low.
“Mr Rogers, I feel like I’m speaking to a brick wall. You and Tony both seem to have trouble understanding that this is not a problem for me at all and I am more than willing to help. Understand that Tony is good company and its no trouble to give him a lift.”
“He loved you, though,” Steve tells her, earnestly. “Everything, the life you built, the life he wanted to give you.”
Steve has a towel slung around his neck. “Just to fix yourself?” He asks. “Just to heal the burns?”
super short epilogue up next
Different blades, different lengths, shapes. She had described, in great detail, what each one was for, how the longer blades would be for slicing his skin from his back, how the smaller ones would be used to carve minute details into his flesh. She described the process in ridiculously meticulous terms, taking inordinate amounts of joy from telling Tony exactly what she’s going to do.
“Okay.”
He’s not a sadist. What was he supposed to think, after he left? No reason, no acknowledgement of – anything. He’d shook his hand. He’d
“No, but I sense that you’re about to.”
Tony pauses. “Are you kidding?”
“I know,” Thor says simply. “But now, he’s gone. And I would not re-write nature to get him back.”
Five minutes later, Tony blinks. "I'm not out of commission." He says, looking up.
Steve’s talking to someone, now. Two men and a woman, they’ve captured him into their conversation. He’s a party trick for them, Tony thinks. He knows how that feels – people still treat him like a freak.
"In the lift. Are we going up?"
to graduate from MIT, ever,” Tony mutters.
here!”
Fury’s eyes track to a point beyond Tony’s head. He sighs, heavily, and sits up. “Okay,” he says. “No contract.”
That’s a simple way of putting it, Steve thinks. “No more than you were.”
Tony shrugs. “Average. Your delivery could use some work.”
He nods, once, tight, furtive. Steve doesn’t really wait – he just slides two fingers in, Tony’s already wet and dripping. He hears himself make a small noise, like a whimper, and Steve covers his mouth with his free hand, pinning him against the wall. Brusquely, brisk about it, he just slams his fingers in and out, occasionally crooking them against his sweet-spot.
But he doesn’t seem angry. More – exasperated. “You smell of him, you realise that, right?”
“I did.”
“From Stark,” Ross greets, dourly. He’s holding a glass of scotch.
Tony nods.
“Yeah.”
"He's dribbling," Steve says, running a wipe over Tony's chin "is that normal?"
“There must be other people,” that same voice says. “People who know him better, people who could really take care of him. Is there no family? No… no other friends?”
“You should dry off,” Steve seems to resign himself, widening the door. “Just – sit. On the couch.”
Times like this Tony wants to bash the side of his head with his fist, knock his head against the wall. The meds hook themselves down in his head and the whispers fade. Tony hates the meds, hates them, but loves that nothing matters, that he can find joy it the simplest tasks, that he no longer cares he’s a virtual prisoner with nothing to his name but regret.
rough. like, really rough. like, bust out those warnings, hold onto ur hats. it's going to be really, really rough.
“Oh. You’re awake.”
Tony accepts this without protest. He withdraws his hand. Steve helps him to bed; takes off his shoes, socks. He tries to take the coat and sweater but Tony complains that he’s cold, too cold, and he wants to wear them. Steve tells him he knows the sheets will warm him up fast, and they can always turn up the heating. Tony asks him what the problem is, he just wants to wear the parka, what’s the problem? He’s not hurting himself, Steve doesn’t have to dictate his every action, and Steve relents quickly, eases off fast, and leaves a glass of water next to Tony’s bed that he knows he won’t be able to drink without spilling it first.
“Just the usual. Button down and pants.” Tony feels embarrassed even saying it. “Why?”
Tucked against Steve’s side, his head on his shoulder. Tony grins at him, stupidly, insipidly. “What?” Steve demands, half-smiling himself. “Oh, you like having me here, that it? Makes a change.”
Fury hold up a hand. “I’m not wondering anything.”
Tony has one hand braced on the seat, the other in the shape of a fist crashing against the window. “You never listen,” he’s breathing “you never listen, you never listen, you never, ever listen to me, why don’t you listen, why don’t you listen, I just want to go home, I’m tired, I’m tired, I’m tired, I’m – “
No, he means he literally couldn’t do it.
Steve pushes his head into the crook of his neck, strokes his hair. “It’s okay,” he whispers. “Tony it’s okay.”
Steve’s eyes glaze, distant. “You talk in your sleep, you know. I heard you last week. You were moaning like a two-bit whore, but I don’t joke about it.”
Steve puts an arm around Tony’s belly, so he can lean against it, and then puts two fingers down Tony’s throat. It’s not sexy. Gently, he coaxes him to throw up into the toilet bowl, pushes his hair back from his head, and then passes him a glass of water.
“What I need to know is – “ Fury sighs, heavily, “for various reasons, obviously, your safety being paramount and… just so we’re clear. You were,” he’s squinting at the note on his desk, “a happy, healthy, and enthusiastic participant.”
OkaY SORRY FOR THE CLIFF HANGER.
“That’s hurtful, Tony. That’s really hurtful, when I gave up time to care for you. And I don’t regret it, I don’t begrudge it, but — please. Don’t undermine what I did.”
“Miss, you smell like home,” Steve croaks out, voice thick.
“So Tony — “
Tony’s brain is buzzing. “I thought,” he says, “I thought you might want to fuck me.”
“This is it,” the racoon says, insists. “Man, this is it, I told you they’d come. I told you.”
Tony’s cell phone buzzes in his front pocket. Ty recoils, like the thought that other people exist and he can’t actually beat Tony to a pulp in the hallways of SHIELD had escaped him. “Answer it,” he orders, voice thin.
“We had our differences. Ideologically, we never quite saw eye to eye. But — Tony saw the bigger picture, even when…” Steve swallows, stops pretending to read from his cards. “Even when others could be so short sighted.”
"Is it?" Tony blurts "Is it really? You know how relationships work, right? I know you're worried about me and Steve, you're amazing. The way you handle me, the way you treat me when I'm under, it's better than anything I've ever had, anything. I know that you, you take care to not upset, to make sure I'm relaxed, but Steve it's a two way street. If you won't let me help -- "
Briefly, Tony entertains the thought walking to Steve’s room, crawling beneath the covers of Steve’s bed, wrapping his arms around his waist, letting their legs intertangle, head pushed into the crook of his shoulder. But the thought of clammy skin and touch, and fingers digging into his flesh is just too much to bear, so he picks up a pack of malboro from the bedside table and takes it out on the balcony.
It’s not your fault. It is nothing you have done. I am just a sick woman. Genuinely sick and it hurts to write and I’m sorry.
But Steve is just rocking him, slightly. He brushes his hand over the back of Tony’s head, his bare scalp, stroking over and over. “Wow,” he says, arms still wound tight around Tony’s waist, “I like the new look.”
and so reaches inside his pocket for his cell to send out the alarm –
(See the end of the chapter for
"What fall?"
"Tony," Steve is breathing, nose against nose, cheek against his cheek "are you okay? Answer, sweetie, give me an answer, anything."
You would have been told your whole life, don’t even look at assholes like me, we’ll stay for the heat and you’ll never see us again. And I don’t do contracts, or fancy reparations, or Ivy Leagues. My God. I ‘ve cracked it. I’ve cracked the fuckin’ code.”
"I didn't do it to be cruel," Strange says, and Steve meets his eyes; there's a hint of desperation, there. "I would have told him. I thought -- it may be kinder, to let him have those years."
"Steve," Tony says "I really don't mind if you want to beat my ass every so often. You know, I actively encourage that."
“No,” Pierce concedes, “I suppose I just – there was that business a year back. On the stairwell.”
“That’s different.”
Tony moans, shifting on his knees. He brings one hand down to play with his cock and Steve tugs at his hair, lifting back his head harshly, a reminder. "No." He warns, and then he guides Tony's mouth back down to his length. "Stay still." He orders, and Tony calms, allowing Steve to steer him.
"Anything."
almost forms full-fledged in his brain. But he loses it quickly, and he doesn’t want to waste his sentences on stupid sentiments. Instead, he knocks his head against Steve’s, and then his nose against his nose.
"No," Clint says "you are concussed. Stop moving so much, Christ, how much stuff have they doped you up on?"
okay i'm sorry i just love fucking people up
Not true, Tony can hear him in his ears. Patterns of voices, overlaid, a chorus. "
“You’ve been in contact with Bruce?”
so yeah. i don't know if pierce's vague intentions are any clearer but..... there u go i guess. i always said this story would be dark af. although happy ending, always.
Steve doesn’t say anything.
The kid looks at him.
“Don’t change yourself too much, alright? I want to be able to recognise you.”
Tony opens his eyes. He does not look at Rumlow.
Tonight, Tony decides it will be different. After they’ve finished, and Tony is lying naked under the sheets, he curls himself against Steve’s chest, purposefully. It’s cold. Steve holds him – he seems to think that Tony likes the touch, maybe. It always feels like he’s humouring him.
Steve stretches out his arm across the back of the sofa, enough that Tony feels covered, secure. “I’m not saying this to be mad, or judgemental,” he starts, “I just need to know. Did you– at all, anything – with him?”
Tony waves a hand. “It’s fine, isn’t it? I seem to do okay.”
“Uh.” Tony swallows, shifts his ass. “I just sort of – I don’t know. The way I’m doing it now.”
so yes. as per usual, thoughts are greatly appreciated, they're pretty much the only thing that makes me write. or at least the only reason i post. if you're enjoying this, pls let know!
Steve snorts, doors opening up to the sky. "You might want to close your eyes for this." He says "It's gonna be bright."
They turn. Tony frowns at him. “Rogers, what the hell?”
The room is very quiet. Tony is resting his head on Steve’s bare chest, dragging his finger in a spiral across his breast.
Steve smells hurt. “I was going to ask what you were doing for Christmas,” he says, quietly.
“I would rather be fucked by a two-headed elephant than go anywhere near you.” Tony says calmly.
and humiliation –
“Can I have coffee?”
"Where are we going?"
Tony spits in the doctor’s face. He throws the pens across the room. He kicks the table. The doctor takes notes.
“That was different.”
Tony waves his hand, “not as in, you specifically. All of you.”
Tony smiles, lets himself relax against the pillows. “Hmm,” he says, “I can’t remember.”
“He’s paid for your treatment,” Sarah snaps. “He deserves to know. I thought you were with him. Where the hell were you? I was worried sick. You couldn’t have even left a note — “
“What are you?” Steve whispers “Where are you?”
act to show that he’s completely unaffected by the picture in front of him, that it doesn’t matter, that there isn’t sweat on the back of his neck, that his skin isn’t prickling.
A beat. “I’m sorry,” Steve says, softly. He doesn’t say,
he thinks, desperately,
“What?” someone replies.
He steps over Peter Quill to slide the power stone back into its cage.
He brackets him against the railing, completely; there’s nowhere to go but down, eight stories high. “He was a pretty little thing,” Steve starts, unbuttoning Tony’s vest with his fingers. “I think you would have been like him, when you were younger. Not submissive, except in bed, and absolute fire in the sack. He was witty, too. Clever, fast. Buck was very sweet on him,” he remembers, “more so than most of us.”
Tomorrow is the day his mother died.
“You can always explain,” Steve tells him, sadly. “I don’t know why I always listen.”
“Well that’s – “ Steve huffs a laugh, “that’s your prerogative, I guess. Free choice, and all.”
“That long?”
“Okay,” Steve says, reasonably. “That’s fine. Still, I’m thanking you.”
he thinks drowsily, exhaling smoke. He rests a shaky hand against his brow, and the heat inside him finally starts to dissipate. He did a bad thing, tonight. He shouldn’t have let on. He should have controlled himself.
Although Steve never did, not even at first.
And Tony would wail, pitch himself in Steve’s shoulder, and on those nights Steve was happy to hold him, to sit with him, to wait until he quietened and then surreptitiously replace his drink with tea.
“Right,” Tony agrees evasively, because they both know that’s just a front. “Well – thanks, anyway. I didn’t ask for it, or want it, but thanks.”
“Did you love me?” He whispers, eyes wide, face pallid, blinking rapidly. “Did you ever love me?”
“I – “ Steve sounds stiff. “I didn’t mean that as a – I didn’t mean anything by it, Tony.”
Tony sighs. He gathers some ashes in his hand and lets them drop off the cliff and down below. A few swirl away into the late night breeze.
Tony does. Steve’s hair is longer than it used to be. He likes it. He has a beard; that, he’s not too fond off. His eyes are the same shade of blue, and there’s a fresh cut just above his left brow, already healing.
Tony raises his eyebrows. The alpha at least has the sense to look shocked. “Captain,” he laughs uneasily, “come on, now, I thought we were speaking in confidence.”
“I – “ Tony goes quiet. Carefully, he pats Steve’s back. “It’s okay,” he tells him. “It’s fine. Nothing to thank me for, right? I’m alive. Takes more than a space whale and the unending void to beat a Stark.”
Nick pushes back a seat with his foot, jerks his chin in its direction. “Go on,” he says. “You probably have questions.”
“Where’s, uh. Rhodey.”
“Steve,” he exhales, grinding his hips back, making himself remain completely loose, submissive and pliant beneath him. “Oh, Steve.”
“Yeah,” Tony had agreed dully.
“Tell me what I’m doing wrong,” Tony blurts, desperate. He spins, takes Steve’s arms. “What is it? Am I too old? Am I shit in bed? I know I’ve been tired a lot lately, but I’ve been working, and — yeah, I guess it’s not as fun as it used to be, but I could change that. We could take a break, right? Or, or do something different, I don’t know. You could — fuck other people,” Tony winces, like he doesn’t really believe what he’s saying. “I am trying, Steve, I’m trying really hard to understand what it is I need to do to make this work. But sometimes I see you look at me and — it’s with disgust. Do I disgust you?”
"Beautiful," Steve murmurs, pushing back Tony's damp, sweat soaked hair. "You look beautiful." He reaches around, carefully freeing the catch of the gag and dragging it free from Tony's lips. "Colour." He says.
Steve nods, choking on something, a lump at the back of his throat. It’s burning again, through his chest and up his neck, pricking his eyes. He fucking wishes it would stop. He wishes he could just turn it off, stop crying at every inconsequential little detail, like the fact that Tony used to complain about the dirty sink, and that he was on first-name basis with all the staff, and now he’s not here so they have to handle it themselves while dealing with the huge, gaping hole —
“We still can,” Steve says urgently, moving to stop Tony from picking up the shards with his bare hands. “Didn’t you hear me? Listen, Tony, listen, I love you. I never stopped, please understand I never stopped. And — and what happened with Barnes had to happen. Would you have done the same for Rhodey? Answer me honestly, if you had a choice, and I wasn’t listening, would you have saved Rhodey? No matter how much you loved me?”
“That’s a relief, I guess.”
“Quit it, kid.” Tony’s had enough of his optimism tonight.
“I’m sure,” Pierce says heavily, throwing him down onto a couch, “that those boys will work it out, hmm? Of course – you know the truth by now, I’m sure. Unless you don’t remember. You did look pretty,” Pierce comments, pouring himself a finger from a heavy glass decanter, “when he was kissing you. I think I’m going to have him breed you. Good genes.”
But sometimes Tony’s mind will slip, and the doctor’s will convince him that they’re not evil, that actually he’s in a hospital and he’s sick. Tony will cry then. “Sick?” He’ll ask “I’m not — I’m not sick, I’m not — “
“Yeah, well I do.” He steps forward, one more time, and Tony reflexively scatters back, falling off the barstool; annoyed at himself, he pushes forward a bit, tries to crowd him, but Steve is bigger, his shoulders are broader, and suddenly Tony feels
“Be serious.” He orders, and he shuffles to where Gus sits, wary, careful. Gently, intensely aware of every brush of his fingers, of every touch of skin, of the hard muscle of Gus’ torso, he inches his shirt from his flushed, sweaty flesh.
“For the ceremony. If you wanted to use something precious, it would be the arc reactor.”
He must see the look in Tony’s eyes, because he stops. “Maybe, that’s for another day, huh?” He smiles, wearily. He searches Tony’s face; whatever he finds must comfort him, because he starts to ease down beneath the sheets. “C’mon, sweetheart,” he exhales, “c’mere. That’s it, on my left – I’m not sore there, you won’t hurt me.”
“Rhodey I — hold on,” Sarah is standing at the doorway with an enquiring look on her face.
He pinches his ear lobe, pulls. It’s a sharp pain, grounding – Tony’s been punished like that before, pulled by his ear. It tugs on the gland, makes him whimper. Pierce’s lips are so close to his skin. “You’re going to listen to me,” he whispers, and gently kisses his cartilage. “Because you want to listen to me. I am going to tell you what to do. You will do it, because you want to do what I tell you.”
person makes is the result of life events, but for some reason, no one’s trying to take away
“Steve,” he starts, frustrated.
The man’s eyes are empty, even as he speaks. Soulless. He has been stretched thin, pulled apart.
"It's fine." Tony croaks, stumbling back. "Not your fault."
Tony’s eyes blurring again, not with tears, more with – drugs. He feels his face twitch. “I don’t – feel great. I don’t feel good, I – “
Good going, the first voice sneers. You couldn’t even ask her about her dad, you whiny little cunt. How can you ever expect her to –
“Soon. If you’re on board, ASAP.”
The man mumbles something about a wife, about prior engagements. He pushes back his chair, stands abruptly. Steve shrugs, easy. “Must have got spooked,” he smiles around the cigarette. “Excuse me, gentlemen.”
Tony whimpers.
Steve is silent. Then, he lifts his hand, squeezes Tony’s shoulder. “I’m sorry I couldn’t do more,” he says, quietly. “Have a good Christmas, Tony.”
and yeah, your thoughts on steve/tony/pierce's behaviour/actions etc. is always appreciated.
“Don’t worry about them, I can break any of their necks, easy,” Tony says, unsteady on his feet.
“No, Tony,” Steve says, frustrated and showing it, “it’s not about who you want to – it’s not about who, it’s about why, and it’s the fact that after what I read I don’t know if you’ve ever been as in control as you say you are.”
He just fucks him and fucks him until Tony’s eyes are rolling back in his head. He stops caring about the grip of the metal pressing into his stomach, or that he’s bent over naked in a stairwell with a very-clothed Steve fucking him like it’s all he’s there for. Steve’s hand shifts, moves from his mouth to his throat and tightens just slightly. Without the gag, Tony is free to listen to his own moaning, huffing, and occasional pleads for more, harder, c’mon Captain, more now, please, don’t leave me hanging –
It’s not ideal.
Steve shrugs. “We’ll be under, most of the time. I know it’s estimated three nights, but I’m thinking – maybe a week. Even two. Which is a long time…”
That cuts him, even though he’s already been nothing but cruel. “Just go,” he mutters, tucking his chin against his knees, still not having looked him in the face. “Get out. Leave me alone.”
"And after that? Was he the only one who could wield the gauntlet, too?"
Tony snorts. “Yeah, well obviously it wasn’t my decision to have them released in the first place. Not the point, though. I don’t care.”
You didn’t think this was something I should know – “
“Sure,” she says warmly.
“I am Aesir. You are human. What we call magic, you call science. Loki, for all his talents, is nothing more than a particularly adept physicist. Or was it chemist? Where’s Tony when you need him, hmm?”
“That’s not polite, Mr Stark.”
He doesn’t have much hair to hold. Steve pushes his jaw against the wall, leans in close. “Stop moving,” he grunts, holding him firm with the weight of his body, “it’ll be quicker if you stop being a bitch.”
“Why would you do that.”
Pierce’s legs are crossed. Paper in one hand, stirring coffee in the other. He’s still in his armchair, except
Is it hope?
“Was Gamora,” she says. “Quill was the leader of the Guardians. Drax was an oaf. Mantis was an idiot. But they were a team. I’ll say their names,” she decides. “They’re gone, but they were here, once.”
"Good idea, Tony." Steve says. It's important to always affirm your subs choices when they're under. "Open up."
She smiles. "You're very welcome, Mr Stark."
Pierce pulls back his hand. His eyes flick to Fury’s, then back to Tony. “The most effective way to neutralise the drug is the natural way,” he says, carefully.
“For the record, that whole – pack, feral, fuck-it-out shtick doesn’t fly so much anymore. But I’m, uh,” Tony’s breath is heavy, “willing to let it slide. This once.”
Tony swallows, hard. He sips his coffee, rubs his brow. “You know I don’t — have any money, Pete.”
“It wasn’t,” Steve agrees. He’ll talk to Strange, separately. “I’m sorry. It’s rough that he – was taken from you like that.”
Tony's already thready thoughts begin to loosen; he's sleeps.
Tony pushes him back, slightly. “You have some funny ideas, Rogers.”
“That’s stupid,” Steve says plaintively, and it’s cute how strongly he believes in Tony’s fundamental human right to wear whatever underwear he wants. “I don’t understand it, Tony. I don’t know what happened. You’re omega, you don’t need to pretend to be – your biology isn’t a fetish, it shouldn’t be treated as a secret. Wear what you fucking want.”
“Her. She knew you, huh?”
There’s one moment, brief, but so fucking tangible; Steve can practically hear the thoughts in the kid’s head, in all their heads, Rhodey and Pepper:
“But the same man? And first, he does it to me, to – what, put me off you, maybe. And then, a year later, he shows you that, because?”
"You let him take care of you." Tony mutters, scraping jam from the pot.
“Tony, I never realised there was something you could do that was physically un-arousing, but I think I found it.”
Tony hadn’t — expected it. The nurse told him he had a guest, and so he had shuffled down to the lounge. And he’d searched the room for someone he recognised, and hadn’t even noticed her, because it had been so long since he’d seen her face and she’d dyed her hair. He turned to go, assuming it was a mistake, and that’s when she gently put her hand on his arm and asked “Tony?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Steve’s thumb is back, this time drawing long strokes from his palm downwards.
“I remember. Lots of us remember. Your father, he gave you to – “
I failed you, yes. There are other things, as well. You are a lot like your father, Tony. I don’t know yet if you will turn out to be like him, in the end. I don’t think your father ever foresaw turning into what he ended up. Your father was a good man, Tony. I mean it. I would not have married a cruel man.
The house is detached, framed by a sizeable amount of land. A short driveway and double doors, four bedrooms, Tony’s scattered mind notes that there are too many bedrooms for just him and Sarah. Too many bedrooms. Should just be two, too much room is — places for people to hide. He doesn’t like it.
“He’ll have the suit,” Ross says, “we’ll make sure it’s in there, any funny business and it’ll knock him flat on his back, won’t it, Stark?”
Tony’s hand is still shaking. He takes it, cautiously, eyes lowered, head bowed. He dries his eyes, wipes mucus from his face.
Vague recollection of pills, and booze. Some snow? Lipstick, but he doesn’t know why. “God,” he mutters, hating himself. He can guess who’s behind water. “Jarvis,” he croaks, “where’s Steve?”
early update! uh, going through some stuff. don't know when i'll update again soon. your comments are appreciated.
“No one wants to be fucked because you remind someone of your dad.”
“You’ll stay the night,” Steve says, like it’s a given.
The fingers in his mouth, hooking his cheek, laughing when they slapped his face and coaxed him out of hiding places.
Tony smiles, a weird, half-a-smile. “Thanks.”
Somewhere, a light. And then, the singing.
“Yeah, I did. How about that?”
He frowns. “Nothing. Or – I don’t know. He doesn’t tell me anything,” he slurs. “Why, are you mad at him?”
He realises, he must sound slightly breathless. They’re all staring at him. Tony narrows his eyes, closes his fingers around the stone. It sparks, harmlessly, unused. “You okay, Cap?” He asks, suspicious. “You look a little winded.”
“No,” Tony spits “you don’t fucking understand.”
“I’m – “ Tony gives an uneasy laugh. “I’m never happy, Sarah.”
“Sorry, I – “ Tony’s head is full of buzzing, his hands shaking, jittery, as he pours through his wallet and pulls out cash, “I need – wrong place, I’ve got to go somewhere first. Here,” he says, throwing it at the driver, unclipping his seatbelt, “sorry. Sorry, for – sorry.”
“Please, Fury cares about you.”
“Looks like it. He’s part of the old guard,” Tony tells him, truthfully. “Him, Pierce, your Peggy. I guess he thinks he owes me something. My dad something,” he corrects.
Tony wrinkles his nose. “I’d rather have coffee.”
“Hah,” he deadpans. “Funny. What is it, some kind of sex thing?”
Tony doesn’t move straight away. He waits. Fury doesn’t even twitch. Eventually, he shuffles across the floor; darts across the floor, snatches it, skitters back.
Now, they’re all worried about him.
“Steve,” he says.
“It’s fine. I mean not really, but — I’m sure you had your reasons.”
“I guess the 21
But it feels like there’s more. “I’m sorry I didn’t make any friends tonight,” he tells him, morosely. He thinks it’s important for Tony that he tries to get along, or at least, rub along with his people. But it’s so hard for him. He’s not that kind of alpha – he’s honest, and probably too simple, and he lives by a different code.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve screams. And then screams again. He pounds his fists into the wall, over and over, and Tony carefully tries to crawl along the wall, smearing blood, shaking. If he could get to the door – they’ll let him out, they have to let him out –
“It’s no problem,” she says easily, and scratches Mosely between the ears. “He’s worrying,” she says “you should give him some attention.”
“I was aware.”
“Rhodey.”
“Good,” Steve tells him, quietly. He nods at Rhodes, and Rhodes puts his hand on Pepper’s hair. We should move him, he says. We should take him out of the suit.
“Do you,” Pierce says softly, leading him to his suite. “That’s good, Tony.”
“Please,” Steve is begging now. He’s crying. “Tony I can’t — “
He lets his head hit the back wall, just so he can bare his neck a little. The submission triggers something in Ty, and he eases off, peeling back from being so up in Tony’s personal space. “We would have made quite the power couple,” he agrees, trying to slide past Ty’s body.
“Hold on. Hold on I hear someone at the door,” he hears Sarah saying, muffled, frantic. She appears in the hallway, hastily dressed in a robe, hair a mess on her head. “It’s him!” She says to her phone “Fuck he’s here. I’m sorry Steve, I thought maybe he’d — I’ll update you later.”
he hears inside his head, snide.
Steve claps a hand over his mouth. His shoulders are heaving, his eyes are blank. He presses his nose to Tony flesh. Digs his nails into his skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sure. Other things, too – not just money. There’s basic attraction, and contracts of allegiance, and protection.” Tony averts his eyes. “For the most part, though, alphery-alphas will snatch up the omegas. And for lots of other,” Tony sighs, because he’s boring himself, “socio-economic reasons,” he waves a hand, “alphas tend to be richer, too. So the omega gene is carried through the mom, and ends up pretty concentrated in certain circles.”
Sarah’s sessions are the highlight of Tony’s day. An hour, no matter how brief, or taxing, spent away from the rest of them, without the weight of Steve’s desperate hope and everyone else’s judging stares. It’s just nice to talk to someone who isn’t a – superperson. Who isn’t wrapped up in the running of the world, but instead worries about what they’re going to have for dinner, and their father’s poor health, and what they should do for Christmas.
“Is it?” He asks mildly. “I didn’t know.”
“Has it occurred to you that maybe I don’t want that? It’s Christmas, Tony.”
“Well, that’s good,” Pepper chides, patting her along, “because you’re gonna help Mommy lay the table.”
God fucking damn it. “Do people just – peruse my personal history at their leisure?! Fucking hell, are they selling copies of it in Barnes and Noble?!”
Tony says nothing. There’s an awkward silence. Bruce mumbles, “she was dusted,” and Thor says ‘oh’, uncomfortable. “Yes. Of course. Well – yes.”
“Can you still talk?”
“Where,” he starts, and then his throat closes up, chokes him. “Where did you get this,” he asks, and his voice breaks humiliating, squeaks upwards, high-pitched.
Tony dies two days later. A freak accident. They’re in New York for a statue opening, and one of the cars on the sidewalk is leaking gas. Some idiot flicks his cigarette butt to the ground. It goes up in flames. Tony turned to look at it, searching for an attack. He had laughed at the oddity of it, a small fire on the sidewalk. It happened in slow motion. Steve tells him to move back, and Tony steps closer. In that fraction of a second, Steve will never know if it was an accident.
“I’m not a fucking idiot, Tony. Don’t talk to me like one.” In hindsight, this is something that always bothered Steve. Without realising it, Tony could do this, talk down like this. It used to drive him crazy.
ignite his passions. You. A forty-something omega, old, barren, pretty and well-bred, sure, but there are many,
“I don’t care for semantics,” she snaps. “If you cannot walk of your own accord, I will drag you.”
“But that’s not the same thing. Tony, I can’t — “
"Don't say that."
“I don’t know where that ass has been.”
“Funny, gags do that. Stop you from speaking, I mean.”
“A real promise. Now would you finish that cake please? Christ, I don’t know how you’ve managed to lose more weight since Christmas.”
Tony doesn’t ask what happened to his briefs. He puts on the pants, lets Steve button up the shirt, straighten his tie. Frowning, he flattens Tony hair, or tries to; “They’re going to think we’ve had a fight,” he tells him.
do anything like
family, the ones who were there for him, always. There’s a photo here of Rhodey and Tony, arms around each other’s shoulders, thumbs up grinning in front of a – DUM-E. It’s DUM-E, Steve realises, and he laughs, bows his head.
“Tony.”
Tony pulls back, and then moves back in, repeating, working his tongue over Steve's skin as he goes. It's getting harder and harder to hold back his orgasm, Tony's skilful tongue on his length, his clever fingers on his sac, his throat working deep around his cock --
“You know, people keep telling me I’m a good man,” he laughs, self-deprecating. “I’ve watched a lot change over my lifetime. When I was born, omegas still couldn’t vote. You’d only been allowed to have property for what, five years? Can you show me any other social cause that’s advanced as quickly?”
Natasha sighs, takes his hand, traces the place where Tony’s scars are thick, sinewy on his skin. “She’s good to you,” she says. “She’s — better.”
Pepper blinks, her eyes glassy. “Of course,” she says, wrapping her fingers around her wine.
Pierce hides a smile. “Be that as it may,” he says, “the fact that your Captain made the call so smoothly doesn’t bode well for his decision-making capabilities. I hear there was another incident some months back, at some party. He put a man on his knees?”
“My maker is dead.”
Natasha was right. Death is like falling asleep.
Fury smirks. “You always were an ambitious little bitch,” he says, with a trace of admiration. “Let me tell you what I see – I’ve looked over your records, Stark, intimately. I know you’ve had six contracts over your life, the first when you were just fifteen. Can you even remember the person you were then? Little innocent Stark, all wide eyes, long-limbs, like a baby doe?”
Steve takes one step closer. Just one, but every person in that circle – each and every one – shuffles back, almost tripping over each other. Except for the poor guy with the bad joke, who’s standing in the centre, paling.
“You don’t understand.”
Tony pulls himself off the alpha’s dick, swings his legs over the side of the bed. “Is it – I mean, is he – “
"You brought it up! You were the one who -- "
When Pierce holds out his arms, embraces him, Tony forgets why he was ever worried in the first place. That was stupid. It’s safe here. He knows it. Just – knows it. Instinctively. The hairs on the back of his neck flatten. He makes pointless, trivial conversation, and lets the children sit on his knee, ask him about Iron Man, ask him if
“I love you, Steve.”
oooooOOOOOH so plot happens.
“Favourite decade. If you had to choose one, what’s your favourite period of time?”
Tony stares at him, blinks. “What?” He croaks.
“Here,” Tony whispers. “They think I don’t know.”
“Now, just what kind of alpha would I be if I let my subordinate get away with that kind of talk, huh?”
Mosely is allowed to sit on the couch. The sun is streaming through the windows. Tony falls asleep there.
“Not true. They were all
“Don’t touch me, don’t – “ Tony slaps at the man’s hands, in his space; the picture goes fluttering to the ground, the pen rolls off. The sound of it is magnified. Everything is very loud, and very quiet. His pulse is thudding in his temples. It’s blurry for him, now, everything is; sweat or disassociation, palms sweating, skin pricking, panic cascading across his head. He hasn’t been like this, not this bad, not in decades. He’s been touched and assaulted and tortured in all the years since and nothing, not the wormhole, not Killian, has made him this bad.
But she doesn’t. And the days start to get colder and colder. Tony’s morning walks now take place in the dark, but he doesn’t mind. It’s always so silent. His breath will fog the air. The orange lights which illuminate the grounds send spiralling shadows, and he’s warm in his coat.
Tony smooths his fingers over the bites backs on his neck and shoulder, pinches and twists the skin. The pain feels good, grounding. He lurches off from the wall, pushes Steve back, back, back into one of the armchair. He knocks over the vase on the table, but whoops, he’ll make sure to leave a big tip on his bill.
“Jesus, Rogers, it was a tick-box exercise. You don’t seriously think Fury gives a shit – “
Tony thinks, or at least, feels. His head doesn’t make the words, but his body feels it. Bone deep.
“… not well,” he can barely hear Bruce’s words, murmured, inconsequential. “Talking to himself, don’t know if – “
“Yeah?” He asks defensively, wiping the back of his hand over his mouth, “what of it?”
“Hello?” She says, harried. “Captain? I need to talk to Tony, it’s urgent.”
“It’s the Captain.”
He nods. “Who’s it by?”
Tony swallows, neck bare. “That, uh,” he croaks. “That was good.”
“Sure. I like to shop.”
He kinda wants to smell it again. Almost. Just once, maybe.
“I need to schmooze,” he says regretfully, “but find me, after.”
“Steve,” Natasha murmurs. “It’s done.”
“Rehab. The one near old HQ, Green Roots?”
He’d started to cry. He couldn’t face it. He couldn’t face Pepper here, being the way he was, living like this. She had tried to console him. He had shook his head. The nurse let them come back to his room, and they sat on his bed.
“And Bruce is a no show.” Maria states, picking her way through rubbish. “Why am I not surprised?”
“Wait here,” Steve says, coldly. The carrier bag crinkles in his grip. He leaves, and Tony tries to shake his head free of whatever’s making it fuzzy.
He thinks Nick isn’t so strong these days either. He didn’t die, obviously; but the crash must have taken something out of him. He’s favouring his left side.
“I’m not doing that. I don’t do that. Enter contracts, I mean, not anymore.”
“Enough,” Pierce interrupts. “Brock, have some perspective. Tell Hill Tony’ll be needing an evac shortly, have it ready to leave, understand? And then clock off. You need sleep as much as the rest of us.”
No, another part of him will says no, Steve was always good to us. He was always kind. He’s worried about us. He loves you, he wants to help you.
She reaches out, brushes an errant tear from his cheek. “You never cried,” she murmurs, “not once. Because I think, for you – he was never really gone, was he?”
“The most responsive thing I have ever seen. And all this, just for me – the first one to unwrap all this goodness, hmm Tony?”
he thinks. And then, as he walks away, Peter Parker and Thor and Pepper and Rhodes leading the trail, he says, “I’m sorry.” And no one hears. But it’s all he can do.
Tony tries. He looks at Steve’s face. His eyes don’t focus well. He feels himself listing to the side.
“Uh,” he hears himself say, frowning at the cards. “He was my friend,” he says, “and – and I loved him.”
“We understood each other,” Pepper says. “How else do you spend twenty years with a man, if you don’t understand them?”
“You don’t like it?” Tony asks, batting his lashes. “It’s my present to you.”
“Your dad finds out,” Steve agrees, grimacing. “God, how will he cope with the jealousy?”
Rogers grabs his wrist. “Don’t,” he says, more forcefully.
Tony looks down, sheepishly. He shrugs a shoulder.
“The doctors,” he mutters “they’re HYDRA. They want suits and weapons. I can’t build them. I asked Yinsen – “ Tony’s brow furrows. “I can’t remember. But Sarah they want to kill me, if I don’t…” Tony trails off; his hand is hanging from Sarah’s blouse, his fingers twisted in the material. “Help me,” he mumbles.
Tony sucks his teeth. “It was a joke.”
“Yeah, but you gave me money before. Like, a lot. Enough for — a lot.”
“You took my ear,” she says, sipping delicately. “And you’re lucky. Because I’ve already taken Gus’, I don’t want yours.”
The Soldier drops him, abrupt. Tony’s legs will not support him, he sprawls on the floor. The spell is broken. “I think that’s enough,” Pierce interrupts. “We don’t want to break him, do we?”
Tony feels embarrassed to be allowing it. Pierce won’t know how being touched on his throat makes him, but Tony does; he shouldn’t be using him this way, it’s pathetic.
Tony abruptly crosses his arms, embarrassed at being caught out. “Chewing,” he says, “and no, I didn’t.”
“But why?”
“I didn’t realise Fury was looking out for you in that way,” Steve says, but he sounds slightly… approving?
"I don't like talking about this." Steve says, standing "You know I don't like talking about this."
Steve frowns. “What?” He asks, quietly.
“Killian. Aldrich Killian. But just call me Rich, everyone else does.”
He frowns. “Well, that depends,” he answers. “Do we have a relationship?”
Silence. He’s standing behind the podium. He doesn’t remember moving.
They don’t talk for the rest of the journey.
“Together,” Tony agrees. No other words need be spoken. They understand each other perfectly.
“That means – “ Tony does the quick, easy math. “Two hours here, two hours back, two hours back here again, and then another two hours home. You can’t – I can’t ask you to do that.”
“Said that last time, too. But you came out of the wormhole just fine.”
Tony smacks his arm, playful. “Check you, with the sense of humor. Finally got that stick out of your ass, huh?”
Steve will return each stone. Asgard, Morag. Vormir. Then, New York, 2012. He tells Bucky, and no one else. He makes his peace. And then.
“You took your painkillers?” Steve asks.
“You gonna screw me again, Rogers? Against the fucking lockers? Is that what we do now?”
by other people? Is that it?”
The smile slides off Steve’s face. “Why did you invite me here, Tony?” He asks, blunt.
“It’s hot,” Bruce warns him. They’re all watching him, uncomfortable. When Tony meets Bruce’s eyes, he smiles, sadly.
“I don’t watch that show. Were you ever going to be married?”
“C’mon,” he says, “I don’t want to drag it out. I know what you want, Tony, I can smell it all over you.”
Tony just nods into his neck. He has a lot of his words back, the sentence,
“And?”
“It’s an omelette. It has kale.”
"Your face looks fine, Tony."
"Oh." Tony says. He stares at his arm. Why is there a drip in his arm? Fuck, did he hurt himself? Where's Steve? It's cold, in here.
God, curse me and my stupid beta nose, hmm? Apologies, Captain – you know I wouldn’t. If I knew he was yours.” She’s so smooth, the apology so sincere. “Good to see you robbing the cradle, Stark, you deserve it. If you would excuse me, then.”
“Nah. He just really liked math.”
It had come to a head after Ultron, their relationship. Steve hadn’t stayed for breakfast. He knew this would hurt Tony’s feelings. He knew it was childish to go for a run without dropping Tony a line. But he felt suffocated, choked, and so he had run anyway. The good days were over.
Steve considers. “C’mere,” he says, beckoning with his finger. “I need to fix something.”
“Would you fuck me on the kitchen floor?” Tony asks, lasciviously. “You know I’d probably deserve it, right? To be fucked like a dirty, bad boy, not good enough for the bed.”
Tony recoils. Blinks. “I just didn’t think – normally people take more convincing.”
“He’s in pain,” Pierce tells him, gently, like he’s trying to soften the blow.
“Like when? Like what?”
“No,” Steve says carefully. Sarah is going to be gone indefinitely, perhaps forever. Tony — Tony does not look ready to hear this. “No. Said she’s going on holiday, but that she would be back soon.”
“You’ll be safe, though,” Pierce assures him, softly. “I’m going to keep you safe, Tony. Better than the Captain does, or Stane did, or Howard ever tried to, if he ever tried at all.” A beat; then: “I was there that night, you know.”
don’t kill me – “
“You would – write yourself out of existence.”
“Not really,” Steve says, flatly. “They were telling me what a whore you are.”
“Whatever you just said. All that, that’s my fantasy now.” He shivers, rubs himself against Steve’s body. “Arms,” he rasps, pulling Steve’s around him. “Just until the water gets cold.”
Who, why has, this is a vampire. He’s being held by a vampire.
“Bedroom. Specifically, the bed.”
Steve frowns at it, then shakes, lacklustre. “My pleasure,” he replies, without much feeling. “I’m sure – whatever you’ve made is very impressive, Kieran.”
“You did,” Pierce says, carefully. “Although – you realise what happened, at that base. The Captain killed his men.”
Tony can’t take it. “Stop it,” he hisses, and he scrunches his hands against his eyes. “Shut up, shut up.”
For being sick. For being ill. For being such a poor, poor excuse for a mother. I shudder to use the word, really, because what I have been to you is not a mother. But let me explain.
“He needs help,” another voice chimes in, low and strong. “Who are we if we turn him away? What the hell are we if we do that, after everything? Where does he have to go?”
did. Oh, sweetheart,” he sighs, “you’ve done nothing wrong. In fact, you’ve been perfect.”
Tony waves a hand with false modesty. “I don’t really handle the day to day. I let the boys in New York do that. I pretty much only take the special cases, you know? Suits me more.”
“I agree. But this wouldn’t be your first contract for personal gain.”
“You do,” he allows, setting the scotch on the chest of drawers, opening it to start the search for the nightclothes he knows he keeps in there.
Sex on the brain, huh? That was a quick pivot.
"Yes, you are." A doctor says, helping lever him into a sitting position. The lights in here are definitely too bright. Tony winces, tries to shield his eyes with his arm. The blue robe has gone and now he's wearing one of those horrific white hospital smocks that tie up at the back. "How was that, Mr Stark. Not too traumatic I hope?"
Gus rolls his eyes. “I was,” inhale, exhale “going to,” he keeps breathing, heavy, “ask if you could maybe get my cigarettes,” another breath “from my back pocket?”
For the video game he bought her and wraps her arms around his neck. She’s tugged away by her mother. Tony thinks, she looks unhappy. Pierce’s daughter, he means. She looks sad.
Steve swallows. It’s a need he understands. How many times, when he fought over enemy lines, did he dream about his body being left to rot in someone else's land? When he drove that plane into the ocean, he had thought about it, he had thought I’m going to die, and I won’t see my home one last time.
“To heaven?”
He’s wearing Steve’s sweatshirt, because he had been cold, but now he’s too warm, choking on it. Still, the scent of him is comforting, to be pulled up over his nose, rocked into while he shuts his eyes and counts down from ten.
he thinks. Instead, he shrugs.
Steve does. The ground is hard, the soil cracked and thin. He tries not to think about the dust under his palms. “Hey,” he says, going for light, familiar, lightly ghosting his hand across Tony’s shoulder. “I never said – congratulations. On the engagement.”
Tony is shaking.
"Thank you," he says, to a Tony who'll never him again.
“You might as well admit you have a thing for me,” Tony says lazily, dragging up his eyes. “C’mon, I can smell you, you can smell me – we both want it. What’s the big deal?”
He has visitors; Natasha visits, Sam visits. On one, painful occasion, Wanda visits too. They sit in the meeting room and play a board game. It’s quiet, and awkward, and Tony can practically smell the guilt on her.
“’That’ world?”
started uni a few weeks ago, having an awful time, don't know when the next upload will b, hope u enjoy and comments are gr8
“Because I’m trying to take off my pants and you’re holding my arm like you want to tear it off,” Tony snaps. “Yeah, I’m nervous to fuck a guy in front of the top brass, who would have thought.”
He finds him, sitting out under a tree.
“Yeah?”
“I want to,” Tony says, leaning back into his arms. He twists his neck, kisses Steve’s chin. “I’m sorry I was angry earlier. I don’t like people looking at my history.”
“I can be whatever you want me,” he says woodenly. “I can be… I can…”
“I ought to knot you right here, have you crawl back naked, and let you offer Fury your reparations on your hands and knees,” Steve tells him, coldly. “I’ve told you once, I’ve told you twice, your
“That wasn’t, actually. Back then he was a big investor in SI, wasn’t he?”
“If you die tonight, you join me here. And you’ll be happy, I don’t doubt it. But what about everyone else, Steve? What about Barnes? What about the world? Don’t you think they need you? Don’t you think they care?”
“The suit. I asked, no one – “
“You,” Pierce tells him, gently cupping his cheek, “are going to be wonderful, understand? You won’t even notice. I promise, Tony – you’ll come to love it, this new world we’re going to build.”
As usual, how do you feel about the OC's, plot and pacing etc. I love every comment!
“We haven’t spoken,” Thor says, smile reassuring, almost friendly. “It has been awhile, Tony.”
"There will always be slip-ups."
Fury leans back in his chair, shrugs. “So be it, if that’s what he wants. If that’s what he needs.”
“I meant more, snide. Than, uh. Murderous.”
Tony sits up, and he’s vaguely aware of her crossing the room, the bedroom, this is the same one he woke up in weeks ago, at the start of this, when Steve was still alive—
Thor smiles, like the benevolent God he’s supposed to be. “Sleep well. I hope you find what it is you are seeking.”
“Captain,” Gus manages, blinking through lassitude “where, where is he?”
Tony doesn’t think too hard about it.
“Of course!” Tony hisses.
The End.
“Killian.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, shutting his eyes. “Yeah, me too.”
“For a time. The more I tried to – you know, bind his hand, with my nanites, the more he just – “
“I bet they look divine.”
“I worry,” Pierce smiles, taking back his hand. “I worry, is all, Tony. I wouldn’t want to think he was ever rough with you.”
“Yeah,” Tony nods “yeah probably. I’m just — a client, you know. So she wouldn’t tell me everything. That’s why I — “ Tony clears his throat, starts to shuffle away. “Okay,” he’s saying “that’s okay.”
“Which is?”
Pepper stares. “Right,” she says “I know. I’ll keep it — I’ll keep it secret. Although — HYDRA? Where?”
Gus is covered with a sheet. He’s not Gus, anymore. Not really. Just another empty slate.
“Did he ever say – I mean, ever mention?”
He doesn’t sound angry, just genuinely curious. Tony knows Steve has been with other people, a few at least. And Tony…
Steve shoves his hands in his pockets. “Nothing,” he says, coming down. “Just a maid.”
“Spooky?” Tony asks, eyebrow arched.
Bruce shakes his head. “No. No, I — I come by regularly. Every few nights. I just, I know it’s crazy, but it’s like I can still talk to him if I — “
Tony pillows his head on his arms at the foot of the bed, waits for Steve to enter. The sheets are soft, better than silk, the room’s air a constant neutral. When Steve walks in, he just about manages to drag up his head. “Ten minutes,” he says, approvingly. “As usual, your timing’s impeccable.”
“Then I want to die,” Steve croaks. “Let me die, please.”
“Where else is there?” Maria snaps. “God Clint, stop acting like there was any love between you after — “
He blinks.
And his mouth goes lax; head so heavy it feels like it's being pulled into the thick pillow supporting it, neck aching, eyes shut. Deep, deep breaths, in, and out. He feels two delicate fingers, cold, pressing against the pulse of his neck. That same hand rests gently on his brow, as if checking for a temperature. A pleased murmur; Tony feels himself sink deeper.
“What?” Tony says, frowning. “Oh God, was it that obvious? Fuck, I’m sorry, I – didn’t mean to, to make a scene. You should go.”
“And here he is, the man of the hour,” one of the alphas says, clapping his hands. “We were just talking about you, From Stark.”
Steve’s still asleep. Steve can’t be woken. Trying to push Steve off of him is like trying to move a brick wall. He moans, says something that’s slurred, and closes his arms around Tony’s waist.
His cellphone is in his pocket. He fumbles for it, now, frantically dries his swollen cheeks. The screen is blurry, his hands are shaking. His thumb hovers over
Gus sighs. “It was a town,” he says, tracing patterns in the stone “a village, basically. In, uh, Austria. I’m, I’m not German. I mean, my parents were. But I lived in Austria. I’m Austrian, really.”
Rumlow’s grip tightens. “You sure are full of yourself, From Stark.”
He rolls onto his side, blinks at him. “I’m going to make myself perfect,” he whispers. “I’m going to – to take off twenty years.”
Tony wails, defeated. He lets himself slump onto the floor, it’s not like he’s got a chance anymore.
“But I went
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony holds out the knife, warning; his good hand is shaking, still. Pierce laughs. “So what was it,” he asks, “you steal it while I wasn’t looking? Did you bat your pretty lashes at the soldier, is that it?”
“No,” Tony concedes, “it’s not, like, a rule, you know? I could have run off with any alpha off the street, popped out his spawn, and they could have been omega. I’m not saying, you don’t get poor O’s, of course you fucking do. Just that – I don’t know, Steve, I’m pulling these figures out of my ass, but if I hazarded a guess – maybe 2% of us come from very old, very established lines. The other 8%... they’re your prostitutes. I mean, not all of them, obviously. Most are just normal, middle-class… I’m – talking myself into a corner.”
The figure shoves his hands back into his pockets. Pulls his hood deeper on his head. And then he’s gone.
“I have her,” she says, resolutely. “We’ll miss you, Cap.”
regretful, truly, "and if he had known... well. You saw him, didn't you? I don't imagine he was in a great hurry to abandon his wife and child."
“You’re a – you’re a monster,” he’s chattering as he tries to pick himself up, unsteady on his feet, skittering away. “A monster,” he’s sobbing, as he starts to run, half limping.
New York?”
“You’re such a fucking skeez,” Tony laughs as Steve twists his hips, puts him on his back, drags him down the bed.
“The other things.”
“There have been other things to attend to.”
“Where do you want to go?” Steve asks quietly.
“Are you – sorry, it’s been a long day, normally I have more tact but I guess this is where I’m at right now: did you just ask me out?”
“Yes,” Gus replies “that’s why I’m here.” He pauses. “You make a fine specimen, if I may add.”
“Yeah,” Steve agrees. “Tony? Should we?”
Tony sips. “I’m sorry,” he says quietly.
“You should stay still,” Steve soothes, “I think this will hurt more if you struggle.”
Captain?”
After Steve had returned from Wakanda, they fell back into bed. Steve loved Tony, and for him it was as simple as that. It didn’t matter that Tony’s hair was going grey at the temples, or that there were days he would be home so late whole days had passed. Steve’s love for Tony had alway been uncomplicated: he liked that he was clever, that he was kind, that he was funny.
Steve nods. “Just so I’m clear,” he says, walking forward. He unfolds the picture, holds it out. “This is your home, correct?”
“Oh,” Steve’s face clears, “well in that case, it’s good to meet you. I didn’t realise you knew each other.”
He holds out one of Tony’s receivers, Pym-particles already in place. “This will take you back,” he says, “already coded, 1945, the day I went down. You can just live out your life like this never happened.”
“I wouldn’t be your carer.”
“I mean – when I’m not… responsive. He touches me.”
“Aww,” Tony simpers, “little me, shouldn’t drink alcohol?” He hiccups. “Stupid fucking omegas with fucked up physiologies, who need to be good and kind always shouldn’t
“Wow, moving up in the world, huh?”
"Easy." A doctor is saying "Easy, Mr Stark. You've taken a bad knock -- don't move, don't -- he's bleeding."
“Immanent,” Steve agrees, but his throat is croaky. He’s upset, Tony realises. “It’s like sometimes, I don’t know… I can see the line, and I know I shouldn’t cross the line, then one thing leads to another and – “
graphic descriptions of torture, mainly a beating.
Next, is Diana has Tony.
Pepper doesn’t seem surprised to see him.
“Hah. Right,” he laughs, weakly. “Trouble sleeping?”
“No,” he blurts, “I want you. Don’t be stupid, I wouldn’t – c’mon.” He stands, takes Steve’s hand.
“Yeah, Tony. To sleep. Unless – I can take the couch – “
“No,” Tony says consideringly. “Like I said, I did love you once, very much.”
The pillows still smells of him.
“Funny. Where would I be without your sage advice, huh?”
Tony moans against his palm, lathers it with his tongue. He wants to taste him so bad. He can’t describe it, how much he just wants to get down on his knees and put him on his tongue. He spreads his legs, rubs his hips back against the wall. He’s dangerously close to coming, but he doesn’t want it to stop. He wants – he wants Steve to put three fingers inside him, four, make him come and smear his face in it, hand in his hair, maybe tan his ass if he doesn’t do it right away. He wants – there’s so much he wants, and yet –
But there’s still dust under his nails.
“You’re quite the perfectionist. I’ve never seen a thing you couldn’t master in a night, so long as you didn’t sleep.”
“What did Rumlow say?”
“I didn’t want to leave,” Steve says quietly, pulling back the sheets. “You know I didn’t want to leave you, after. Had to, I guess, but – “ and he brushes his knuckles against Tony’s cheekbone, where there’s a neat thread of stitches. “I’ve made mistakes, Tony.”
*Just a note – omegas don’t use Mr or Miss/Mrs, they go by ‘From’ when uncontracted and ‘Of’ when contracted.
The door is slammed shut. Natasha hasn’t made it in; she’ll take another car. The crowds rock the vehicle back and forth and the driver revs threateningly. They part easily. Steve drives away. Tony is in the ground.
“Oh,” Tony finds the spunk from somewhere, “you have an
“Why would I lie?”
Pierce stares at him. Then, at Ross. “You haven’t told him?” He demands.
He’s gone.
"a holiday? As in, a vacation?"
he snarls, and his eyes are red. “What you are, as if you can’t stop it, or control it, or you have no fucking choice at all, you’re just – put on this earth to let people use you, and instead of trying to change it, or fight against it, you have
His voice isn’t that good, being honest. Not bad, but too low to hit notes right. It’s strong, though. Earthy. Like rock. Pure stone.
“Come here,” Steve sighs. He pulls Tony forward, and Tony goes willingly, rests his brow in the crook of Steve’s neck. “You’re alright, Tony.”
Pepper hummed and regarded him for a moment. “I’m sure your father will want it done as quickly as you do,” she answered. Tony wasn’t so sure. His father had probably heard a lot of the talk last night regarding Omega rights. He more than likely disapproved of Steve’s stance on things. Maybe he’d change his mind about this particular Lord.
They walked arm in arm toward the prepared tent, cheering people behind them. It quieted down the further down the lit path they got, and when they stepped into the tent, almost all noise except for the crackling fire was muted. Tony looked up at his Alpha, hoping he didn’t look too nervous.
The battle only raged a half-hour more. Soon, what was left of Obadiah’s followers surrendered rather than get slaughtered. They’d take them as prisoners and no doubt decide to hang them once a trial was had.
Steve was up in a second as well, hand going to his shield. There was a quick movement, and Tony saw Rumlow’s face in the moonlight. The Alpha had a knife in hand and he was going for Tony, going for his stomach. Tony gave a cry, to alert Rhodes, and grabbed his dagger. Luckily, Natasha’s training paid off and he fought off the first couple of blows before Steve swung out with his shield.
They marched through the paths that led to the Stark clan. Natasha, Clint, Sam, Pietro, and Wanda were all flanking him at the front. It took a good few hours to get there by walking horses and on foot, but Tony soon saw the flags of the Stark clan. The symbol had been painted over in red, a horrid skull design replacing it.
Tony fixed his eyes on Obadiah’s, not shying away, not breaking eye contact. “Oh, I’m sure the children Steve and I raise will be more than ready to bring both our clans into a new era,” he replied stonily. Obadiah sneered a bit but quickly erased the look on his face so he didn’t give himself away. Though, he’d already said enough to make himself obvious about where he stood on things.
Bucky’s eyes had gone wide, a little curious, and maybe a little hopeful? But that didn’t make sense. Bucky didn’t want him like that, and now he had Tony. “Holy shit, we’re idiots,” Bucky breathed out, and that was definitely not the reaction Steve was expecting.
His hand shot down to his stomach, flattening over the expanse of it. It couldn’t be…could it? Natasha gave him a shrug. “Wait a week or so. It’ll be obvious by then.” And with that, she walked away. She did turn to call over her shoulder, “You still have to feed the horses and clean up your mess, your highness!”
Tony took all this information in quickly. “And…when will he be getting here?” The Omega asked his father, trying to look amenable to the idea of marriage, just to get more information out of him. The more he had, the better. He was not marrying this man; he didn’t care what anyone said.
Steve leaned over for a soft kiss. “I pray that our son will wait for me to return before he’s born,” Steve says tenderly. Tony laughs, a little watery because he doesn’t want Steve to leave. Not now, especially.
Tony cleared his throat and nodded, trying to take it all in stride. “Yes, it seems agreeable. Though, my father has final say.” Tony, of course, was educated, but he wasn’t usually included in this kind of talk. The Elders disapproved greatly of having an Omega sit in on council meetings.
When he felt a tentative brush of lips, his first reaction was to lean into it, kiss back. Kissing Bucky was somehow simultaneously everything he’d imagined and nothing like he had expected. It ran so deep like they’d done this a thousand times without knowing it. At the same time, it was new, exhilarating, and Steve wanted more.
He gasped. “Pepper! You know I’m bringing you with me! Rhodes too, if my father will allow it. And Bruce. There is no way he’ll just let me go to the other tribe without some people from Stark,” Tony reasoned. He put gentle hands on the other Omega’s shoulders. “I would never leave you here.”
Tony shut the screen down. He sat in his chair, staring at nothing for a while, just completely shocked and horrified. He couldn’t turn Barnes away. Not after 70 years of that. He couldn’t blame the man for his parent’s deaths; there wasn’t any conceivable way that he could. He blamed the men who tortured Bucky, the scientists who delighted in turning Bucky into a shell, a weapon. He let out a shaky sigh as he processed this.
“Tony,” Steve’s butter-soft voice suddenly spoke, making Tony waver for just a second before he poured himself a cup of wine. “I hope I didn’t offend you, earlier.” Was the stupid Alpha still talking? Tony rolled his eyes and he almost startled as he heard a delighted laugh from the redhead, but managed to keep his wits.
Though, he supposed few more hours couldn’t hurt. He walked into the en suite bathroom, taking his time for once as he showered the grime, blood and God knows what else off of him. He let himself enjoy the water, not knowing if he’d get a moment like this for a while after he left today. He really should leave soon, before anyone notices or tries to come up to see him. Namely, Steve.
“Tony, I…you seem very okay with this. I guess Bucky really wasn’t pulling my leg,” Steve sighed shakily and finally turned to face him. His jaw was set, a determined glint in his eye that Tony was used to seeing in the field, and really that shouldn’t be as hot as it was.
He left the room and Steve was faced with silence, except for the beeping of monitors from the equipment. He spent a few hours just lying there, trying to get it together. He had more questions. Where was he? How had he been found? Who were these people?
Howard’s gaze was like fire again as Tony spoke up and the Omega knew he’d made a mistake. Howard raised his hand as if to strike him and Tony inwardly prided himself on the fact that he barely flinched and didn’t break eye contact.
“Excuse me?” He asked, his voice a little small for once. She gave him a thoughtful look and hummed. She didn’t look impressed for some reason and Tony really hoped he hadn’t offended her with his shock. He, of course, knew Omegas were capable of it, but Alphas never gave them the chance.
Tony didn’t come out of his tent until dinner. He would have rather never come out so he didn’t have to see the offending Alpha again, but he knew that his presence was practically required. Pepper was helping him dress up his outfit more for the night and re-apply the charcoal around his eyes when the tent flapped open. Tony looked into his mirror to see who it was and sighed.
“Of course I want you. Both of you. I just. How is this going to work? All three of us together at once? That seems…very unconventional,” Steve said with a worried tremor in his voice. It wasn’t exactly a standard relationship, even in this modern world. They were all very public figures. People might think less of them for being in a gay polyamorous relationship. But really, why should Steve care? Still, he was worried.
“Oh, of course. This clan is still run in the old, traditional ways. Omegas don’t have such power here, do they?” Natasha asked, casually; as if this wasn’t a huge political topic that could vastly offend a wandering traditionalist Alpha.
Pepper held the tent flap open for him and he stepped out, charcoaled eyes scanning the gathering. There were people surrounding the middle of the communal space, all vying for a chance to see the foreign Lord. He walked through the crowds, weaving his way through the people who all stepped aside for him. As the crowd dissipated, that’s when Tony caught sight of the man he was meant to marry.
He was absolutely, irrevocably, NOT marrying that Alpha!
“Well…” Tony said as the silence stretched on for a moment. That got a beautiful laugh from Steve, one that was very similar to the first Tony had heard, when he’d first met and honestly, first fallen for this amazing man. Tony smiled and ducked his head a bit to hide the blush that was no doubt on his cheeks.
One step closer to Obadiah Stane. One step closer to avenging the small graves miles away in the north. If the gods would not do it, Tony would.
“Okay, not the best choice of words. But I saw his reaction to you. He likes your…certain temperament. I can’t think of too many Alphas who wouldn’t have been offended just by you looking them in eye without permission,” Rhodes said, and Tony knew it was true. Damn it all, but he knew Rhodes had a point.
Of course, those worries all seemed silly a few weeks later. He was going to the horse stalls to feed them in the morning when the smell of horse and hay hit him hard. The smell had never bothered him at all, not in his whole life, but now…now he was quickly ducking to the side and emptying the contents of his breakfast into a feed bucket.
A week into the training period, Steve found him in his workshop as he was fully suited. The Alpha’s eyes widened as he saw the invention and he walked in with some trepidation. “What in the god's names is that?” Steve asked with a soft voice, in awe of Tony’s work.
“No. No, no, please,” Tony begged, though he wasn’t sure who he was begging. Peter cried louder, sensing his mother’s distress. They got Steve on a cot and Natasha moved over to Tony to try and calm him down.
“No! Don’t you understand? This is our only chance. When his patrols don’t return tonight, he’ll be suspicious. He’ll send larger forces our way tomorrow night. It’s now or never, Steve.” Tony wouldn’t let all of their planning and training go to waste.
Tony nodded in agreement. He startled just a bit when Steve took his hand and kissed the top of it gently. Tony was never one to fall for such things, but coming from this Alpha, it seemed wondrously romantic. Tony smiled, a soft, hesitant thing. He was putting his trust in this man. He hoped to the gods it would work out.
Tony gave her a confused look before his eyes widened in realization. “What? You think…? No, perhaps it was just bad milk.” His mind tried to reason with it. It could be so many things. He could just be sick, though he had no other flu symptoms and he felt a lot better now.
He went straight to the tent where his unconscious husband and his son were waiting. He sent a silent prayer to the gods, hoping that his husband hadn’t perished while he was gone.
There was a quiet shifting; a creak on a floorboard of their room and Tony was up in a second. He wasn’t a deep sleeper, and he was on edge these days. He didn’t know if Obadiah would send men to kill him, even if none of his supporters from his tribe were traitors.
Steve’s gaze found him as he walked closer. The people’s chattering got more excited when they noticed him, which caused all who were sat at the head table to look at him. Tony did not break their gaze. His brown eyes were fierce, challenging, as he looked into Steve’s blue.
“Peter,” Tony said with purpose. He’d always liked that name, and though he’d never wanted to really have children before he met Steve, he’d always had that name in the back of his mind.
“If you’ll excuse us, we have packing arrangements,” Tony dismissed Obadiah just like that, taking Steve’s arm and turning away from the other Alpha.
“I was in love with him too, you know.” And that got a wide-eyed look from Tony, as Bucky shakily admitted it. “Even when he was a scrawny little guy…I wanted him, but I was a coward. I was afraid of bein’ imprisoned or killed. Of Steve turning me in, or worst of all, Steve gettin’ hurt.” Bucky took his hand away from Tony’s grip, looking down at the table again. “Anyway, he’s always…been into dames strictly, you know?” Bucky laughed sourly.
Then, he’d walked into that workshop one night and he’d seen the ghost of his first love in that chair.
He took a quick shower and went to the gym to find Steve. No doubt the other super soldier had already woken up, ran and had breakfast, and was now doing his morning routine. He wanted to talk to him about last night and make sure that everything was okay.
The two redheads began to talk and Tony eventually went to sit by Clint to get to know the archer better and to let the two Omegas have some time together. The interest there was clear, and Tony did hope for their happiness. The morning bled into the afternoon like this. Sam, Wanda, and Pietro joined them later, and Tony found himself enjoying their company again just like he had last night.
“You ungrateful Omega whore. How dare you act like this land is yours? You lost your right to it on your Presenting day,” the other said, spitting in his anger. Tony’s amused smile slid off his face as his emotions were replaced with anger.
They grimaced at him and refused to speak. One growled, an obvious attempt to make the Omega avoid their gaze and bow his head like they thought he should. Tony did no such thing. He maintained eye contact and growled right back at them. There was a laugh from the surrounding people and a proud smile on Steve’s face.
The laugh surprised him so much, his brown eyes widened and his mouth went slightly agape. Howard seemed surprised too but again was cut off before he could utter a single thing.
“Of course. You have to know how to defend yourself in this world. Especially us Omegas,” she said this, the regret of its truth clear in her expression. She turned to Pepper next and fixed her with a glinting smile. “And you? I saw you last night, but never learned your name.”
He tried it on for the first time three days into the training period. He tested the blades and walked in it, grinning as he heard the soft whirr of mechanics. It wasn’t so loud that it would give his position away in a night raid, though. He tested his movement, raising his arms, and then practicing Natasha’s hand-to-hand combat moves.
There was no answer from his husband’s lips. Tony stared at his mate’s face for a long while, unable to sleep right away. Tony finally sighed and put his hand on his stomach. He turned back around, settling down for sleep.
One thing became apparent as the weeks went on. He wasn’t pregnant. His scent was static, though it smelled more like Steve now. He knew it was probably the stress of the trip. Despite how hard Tony worked to gain Steve’s respect, he wasn’t used to this life. The time for his heat came and went. His body skipped it, too concerned for survival to bother with it.
“I’ll try, but I can’t promise it,” he told his Omega. Tony understood of course. He winced as another sharp pain laced across his stomach. Steve moved even closer. “We have to get you to the tent,” Steve told him quickly.
Steve isn’t even sure how that had slipped out. He supposed his subconscious was realizing that he had to tell the truth. Bucky would know, and it would only strain them further. Best to just get it out of the way, and deal with the awkwardness later.
Tony shut down his workshop for the night and they went to bed. Tony let himself enjoy the feeling of his Alpha’s arms wrapped around him and quickly fell asleep, feeling positive about the upcoming conflict. They were going to win this; they were going to lead their people into a free world.
Tony just hummed as he sipped his coffee like it was water from the Fountain of Youth. He finally set the mug down. “He’s probably just a little shocked that his best friend from the forties is shacking up with his friend from the future,” Tony reasoned.
He went to sit up quickly, knowing that his crew needed him up as soon as possible if that was the case. Dizziness and stiffness in his muscles incapacitated him for a moment and he breathed out sharply.
His husband was silent, save for the deep sounds of breathing. Tony watched the rise and fall of his mate’s chest and eventually fell to his knees. He was weak, tired, and heartbroken.
Tony’s armies went around, putting out all the fires and shackling those who were left. There were some innocent parties, Omegas who had been forced into imprisonment. Children and families of radicals who hadn’t been allowed to escape. Those people were brought to their field medics and taken to a carriage or cart to rest.
It went on for two, torturous hours.
Tony paused the work he was doing on the latest model of the suit, his heart beat picking up in his chest. The lights had gone out in a sudden flicker. All of his holograms that had been up for his reference blinked out and left the room in near complete darkness.
He quickly darted into his tent, trying to get himself under control. The kiss, though brief, had been absolutely amazing. He wanted so much more, and it honestly terrified him and thrilled him at the same time.
“Yeah, okay. I don’t agree with that, but sure,” Tony said with a slight self-deprecating laugh. Steve’s heart hurt so terribly for the genius. He reached out and put his hands on Tony’s shoulders, feeling along the material of Tony’s collared shirt. He wanted to feel skin, but that was for later.
“I do,” came the clear, Alpha tone as Steve stared into his new mate’s eyes all the while. Tony could have cried with relief, but he held it back. The ceremony was almost over, and he did not want to weep after Steve had made such a grand gesture of equality in front of both of their clans.
“Father will be glad to hear that I’ve agreed. I’ve chased away every other prospect. He wants an Alpha to watch over me so badly, though I don’t need it. Regardless, it’ll be good on all accounts. I will be free of him and he will think you have me on a leash,” Tony spat out the last part a bit. He still felt so much resentment toward his father, for all he’d endured growing up, especially after presenting.
Steve smiled back, looking equal parts nervous and excited. “Go,” Tony told him softly. “The pup isn’t being born yet, and you have a team to assemble.” The fight couldn’t stop, not for this, not for anything.
“No, Tony. You’d be proving them wrong, even from here. I’m leaving the clan in your hands. You will lead our people alone in my absence. I’m trusting you with the stability of our home, of what our liberated people will return to,” Steve tried to explain further, but that just got Tony angrier.
“Hello. I do hope my father didn’t bore you too much?” Tony asked with an amused glint in his eye. Steve took a seat by him on the bench and laughed. The Alpha’s scent hit him fully as a breeze passed by them and Tony had to suppress a shiver. As cliché as it was, describing another’s scent, Tony noticed hints of warm oak. It wasn’t cloying, like other Alphas scents. It was warm and inviting, though it did have the underlying Alpha musk to it.
They were together. The two men he loved had found happiness in each other, and he should be happy for them.
It was nothing to shrug about, but he couldn’t do anything about it now. He wanted to move on, he was ready. “Besides, just because I was with her, that doesn’t mean I didn’t notice you. I would have never cheated on her or ended the relationship because of someone else, but…yeah. I did think about us sometimes,” Tony admitted openly, big brown eyes looking into Steve’s blue intently.
“Don’t,” Tony said sharply in response. “Don’t say that. You deserve to heal. You didn’t deserve what those assholes did to you.” Tony was adamant about it, face more serious than Bucky had seen it yet. Bucky didn’t give that a response; just let quiet wash over them for an instant.
But a quick look around made him realize that no one was dressed in the official ceremonial garb and that there were many children among them. Tony was glad to see the messenger among them too. He was surprised to see Brock Rumlow leading them. The alpha had power in the Stark clan, and his father was a well-known and well-respected member of the council.
It raged for an hour before Tony finally spotted him. He felt anger course through him with every fiber of his being. He shot a clear path, right up to Obadiah. Gods, he wanted to just slaughter him. But no, that would be too quick.
He’d failed his crew and he didn’t even know why. He didn’t even know how. His crew, what was left of it, spent every last moment trying to get systems operational before the asteroid collided.
“We have buildings for you to stay in. Many are empty from the plague my husband’s people suffered. We’ll see to it that you’re all fed, and your horses too,” Tony said quietly before turning away to oversee the transition of his people into Steve’s childhood clan.
Peter didn’t wait. He was born that night, just five hours later. Tony’s screams were more than likely heard through the whole camp. He hated the fact that the prisoner probably heard him too. But he quickly put that out of his mind.
It might have been too swift. He’d hoped for a little more satisfaction from Obadiah’s death. Though, he supposed that the old Alpha dying kneeling in the dirt before an Omega Lord was plenty good enough.
The Alpha pulled away, giving Tony a bit of space as he smiled. “Goodnight, Tony.” Steve’s voice was noticeably deeper and Tony couldn’t suppress the shiver this time. The Alpha’s eyes went a little dark at that, and Tony had to force himself to take another step back.
“Do you understand your mission, Asset?” Pierce asked, blue eyes intense with a crazed determination. Another beat of silence hung in the air, but the Asset answered before Pierce could land another blow.
Hot tears immediately started to roll down his cheeks as he took in the scene. It seemed like a dream, and he was shocked into silence for an instant.
Tony walked away to the elevator, going to his own floor. He needed rest, needed time to process. He wanted a look at those files, but he knew he couldn’t handle that quite yet. He also knew there was a good chance that Bucky wouldn’t even be here come morning. When Tony finally found his way into his room, he let himself fall on the bed. That’s when the tears finally came, quiet sobs in the dark.
The door to his and Bucky’s old place was propped open and he noticed that it actually was the same door. He walked up to it and reverently put his hand on the dim iron wrought number nailed to the door. He was distantly aware of someone snapping a picture. He didn’t care. Most people wouldn’t dare mock Captain America for visiting his old home, and if they did, they didn’t much matter to Steve.
“Father, no. Please don’t marry me off to some random Alpha. You know that isn’t what I want,” Tony pleaded, even though he knew it was useless. He couldn’t spend his days tinkering and inventing in his tent, even if the tribe used a number of his inventions widely. He didn’t get credit for them of course, because how could an Omega mind come up with such things?
He was driven out of his thoughts by Obadiah’s voice, talking to Steve in quiet tones. He was immediately on high alert. He’d seen Obadiah’s looks, knew how he truly felt about Tony taking the throne. He walked closer to his Alpha, standing by his side. Obadiah fixed him with a sickly fake smile.
“I…this talk was supposed to be about you,” Tony tried to deflect, glancing away to the city buildings below them. Steve huffed and tugged Tony closer, taking the genius into his arms almost protectively it seemed. He put one hand on Tony’s waist, the other coming up to cup Tony’s face, his thumb trailing gently over the apple of his cheek.
