***************
“You think so?”  Charlie could only watch and worry.
“So, tell them to fuck themselves, and do the interview with no photos.  Just talk.”
She worked her hips forward and back in a painful facsimile of fucking.  His cock was trapped beneath her , and the sauces absorbed quickly into the bedding, working their way underneath the supine man.  He took hold of her hips and tried to leverage her to allow him to fill her up and satisfy the hunger that sweet and sour sauce couldn’t slake.
Michael thought about it, shooting his eyes to the screen where a set of preliminary graphics were still running. Finally, he nodded gravely and settled in to watch. As badly as he hated this, having to do it twice would be even worse. The lights dimmed and went out.
“Your circumstances are going to tie a noose around your stiff neck one day, and be the death of you, Castiel.”  Oh, yeah.  Billie was angry, and she wasn’t buying the company line.
Rule one was about obeying the Alpha.  Cas hadn’t ever told him not to elicit sex from his mate on a plane.  Dean had shared that information after Michael asked, and Michael had called a halt.  Cas’ clear displeasure had been one of the deciding factors, so Michael felt he hadn’t broken that one, exactly.  He had been instructed to watch over Dean when he was vulnerable and to keep him safe, but Michael didn’t quite feel the situation pulled against rule one.  Rule two would only have applied if their activities mussed them up or harmed one of them.  Even drugged, Michael didn’t think a quickie with his mate would injure Dean, physically, psychologically, or otherwise, as long as no one saw them, and Michael felt certain they could have pulled it off in secret.  That one shouldn’t apply either.
“You said Dean and Michael are honeymooning here right now.  So, what does that mean for us?  We just going to share the house?”
After she’d relinquished the podium back to the conductor, and the starched woman had swirled her baton, and music swirled into life, April covered her mouth with both hands, overcome.
“Of course I want in.  This is gonna be a snap!”
Y'all, my class is kicking my butt.  I haven't had the free time I used to for storytelling, and what I have had has been stolen from things I should be doing.  I should be working on projects.  But my health is also crappy and writing this story is my escape, so even though chapters aren't coming as often as they used to, they're still coming.
Dean wrapped himself around his mate, calming him and whispering. “Hang in there, man.  It’s not a no.  Not yet.  Don’t go running your canoe off the waterfall just yet.”
“You already know the answer to that. You’re only asking me because you need to hear it out loud. Babe, everyone else has someone watching over their work, catching their mistakes, keeping all of our feet on the ground. You don’t have any oversight. I, uh, I think we screwed up on that. Let’s fix it.” Dean tried to be careful, but it was all true. Even the Board and the investors had never tried to put a governor on Castiel.
“I mean it, Dean.  If we’re doing this, it’s on my terms, and at my timing.  If either of you attempt to provoke an episode before I’m ready, I’ll lay you both over the back of the couch side by side, switch you until you can barely walk, and then send you off to work as usual.”
“I’m really pissed at you, because you never fucking learn, Alpha. We go through the same fucking runaround over and over and over again, and you know what? If we keep doing that forever, I am still going to be here going around with you forever. I’m not fucking going anywhere, Castiel James
The intercom crackled on.  Bobby’s voice was too loud, and it disturbed the peace of the Processing room.  “All right, folks.  We’ve got your Honeymoon suite all set up.  Whenever you’re ready, just head out the door through the Green room, and we’ll get you safely back home.”  Castiel shook his head in light amusement.  Honeymoon suite?
“I didn’t lie.”
“I took advantage of you,” he said.
“You’re thinking much too hard, my love,” Dean told him, allowing himself to be washed.  “We’re good, right?”
Dean closed his eyes. His urge to bolt was so strong, he quivered where he stood, but Castiel kept a grounding hand on his hip. “I can’t talk about it, Cas—not even to you. I don’t know what to do. If I crash again, will you catch me?” Dean’s voice was quiet but not submissive.
Dean appeared in the bedroom doorway, summoned, no doubt, by the tension in his husband’s bonds.  The two alphas could feel each other deeply now, after the wedding, after the Claiming that shocked even their own species in its brutality.  Dean clutched both sides of the doorframe, his eyes wide.
“Please eat, Michael,” Castiel reiterated.  “You’re going to need the energy.  You and Dean may be looking at five or six days rather than the usual three or four.”
Castiel closed his eyes.  When he opened them again, he took a deep breath.  “Are you ready?”
“I expected you twenty minutes ago, alpha.  You’re late.”  The Alpha’s tone was annoyed but controlled.
Alex wrinkled his tiny face and screwed himself up to squall.  Dean jogged in from the back.  “What’s the holdup, man?  Omegas are gonna start eating the furniture.”  He noticed the tension, the abandoned tray, and the crying infant.  “Um, Alpha?  Everything okay?  Here, let me take him.”  Dean eased the pup away from its Papa and cuddled him close.  “You two discussing something important?  It smells important.”
Dean chewed his thumbnail thoughtfully as he read and re-read passages in his list.
“Wait,” said Sonny.  “Are you serious?  DFs?  Canings?  Dean, you can’t mean that.  She shouldn’t see that stuff.  Apes can’t handle it.”
Cas nodded, took a bracing breath and sat up.  “Yes, I think a Pack bed would be the best thing for me.  But no sex.  Can you live with a night of no sex?  I’m not up to it, and neither is Michael.”
“Cas, where…?” Dean searched with a touch to April’s back.  “There’s Michael!  Oh, crap!”  Dean took off running, and Cas led April to follow, hardly realizing they were trailing a hapless bodyguard in their wake.  Cas helped Dean lay Michael out on the pavement with his head in April’s lap, and he checked briefly that Michael wasn’t in physical distress.  An EMT swooped in, drawn by the sight of Michael’s very still legs protruding from the little knot of concerned wolves.  He soon summoned a gurney, and they wheeled Michael away toward a waiting ambulance.
“Sue me,” she spit back.
She stuffed the wolf in her chest ruthlessly back down where it belonged, deep into her subconscious where it could do no harm.  Fucking wolf.  She resented having been born with such a defect in her soul, and she scourged it regularly with the flames of hellfire to route it from her mind.  The bitch was relentless though.  It had become an incessant fight of late, and Naomi’s back and thighs were scarred with the marks where the nettles had pulled at her flesh over and over again through the years.
“How about a café?” Kali suggested, pulling in and giving no one much of a choice.
Castiel rested his cheek in his palm and closed his eyes.  He sent tendrils of awareness out to his mate and scoured her psyche, half vicarious pleasure and half examination.
“Yeah, I know.  I gotta go to work tomorrow.  Don’t let me oversleep.”
“What are you doing?” Jody hissed as she followed.
Cain scoffed. He finally let go of the bench and stood upright. “This challenge is a farce, Alpha. You knew going in what the outcome would be.”
Dean huffed at him, then whistled lowly and beckoned.
“Crap,” said Dean, knowing the request would make it back to Cas’ ear.
“Ca-as,” she whined even more shrill, and she drew his name out to multiple syllables and rocked in her seat. “I don’t need living arrangements. We’re on a job. Krissy has a hook right now. She just sent me off to give her a chance to set it. You can’t tie me to Lawrence just because…” she made a vague gesture with her hand up toward the scent vents near the ceiling that had recently had her panting against the wall and trying to climb up to lick them.
“Me?  Babe, you know what I like.  Surprise me.”
“Has he said anything else?” Cas asked.
“WHAT? Huh?
“You’ll have the most support on the bench. Get on that one.” Cas pointed, and Dean stumbled to his feet. Cas collected the brush and the belt that he’d brought down with him. He took a deep breath.
Dean met him in the center of the room, square atop the softened surface that could be raised as a platform but for now was flush to the floor.  A new signal from Alpha’s hand put Dean to work, laving his feet with his lips and his tongue.  Dean’s hands took hold of Castiel’s legs while he worshiped the man’s feet with his tongue.  He could do this for hours.  It wasn’t his favorite, but he was good at it.  Each foot received its share of adoration.
“Yes, alpha,” he responded on rote.
“You made my brother look like a dime store romance novel?”
Thanks for all the continued support.  We lose a few readers here and there, but that's okay.  Every now and again, we pick up some new ones.
Cas wrapped both arms around Dean’s torso and lifted him bodily, impaling him as he drove upward and froze, trembling with tension.  He thrust in miniscule motions as he came, his knot throbbing but not pressed in.
“Won’t that make your headache worse?” Dean asked, feeling his cock start to respond to the pictures his wolf supplied him.
“Always,” Cas conceded shamelessly. Then he sighed. His eyes grew distant. “Dean, everyone stands to get what they want. Sarah is in love. It’s not a crush, not an infatuation. If she had a secure route, she would marry Adam without another thought. And Adam is just as strongly committed, but he’s holding her at arms’ length because he’s a realist. And Sam? Sam may claim he wants no part in discipline in this Pack, but his Tertiary is screaming otherwise. And if we can nudge him to challenge for rank, we’ll be able to lure his wolf out of the shadows to claim a place at the heart of the Pack that he’s been complacently ceding to Cain out of expedience. Whichever way that challenge goes, Sam and Cain will both benefit from the exercise.”
Dean released his wrist and twisted around a little.  “Alpha, you okay?  What’s wrong?  You’re pale as a ghost.”
Dean lowered his chin and stepped slowly closer to the venting Alpha.  “Castiel, can you hear me at all?”  His voice was soft and low, soothing as one would use when confronting a wild beast.  Cas’ eyes flashed dangerously, but the signature tilt of the head told Dean he wasn’t swamped entirely.  “Michael’s no angel.  Yeah, he would love to see you get a comeuppance.  Yeah, he’s still hurt and angry.  He’s honest enough about it that he’s never tried to hide how he feels.  He feels cheated, Cas.  That’s no secret.  But he’s not trying to hurt you.  God, Castiel, he loves you!  Life’s not simple, man.  It’s complicated as fuck, and it’s totally possible to resent someone you love – to want to punch them in the nuts and cling to them for dear life – all at the same time.  He’s done everything you asked him to do.”
“Oh,” said Ellen.  The pieces had fallen into place for her, and she had no idea how to explain it to an Alpha.  She decided a few more peanuts needed to die.
Cas wanted, but he was controlling his urges.
Michael dropped his fork back onto the hospital tray and rolled the table out of the way. He sat up straight and turned his body to face Dean. “All right. Let’s do this. You belong to me. I’m not sharing with that dick. He’s gonna get over it, and that’s final.”
“That’s right,” confirmed Sam. “We joined a Pack together too. We don’t live in the same house, but we’re always nearby. We’ve got each other’s backs, Dad. It’s real good.” Sam squeezed his shoulder tenderly and rubbed a thumb over his clavicle.
Cas stared blankly at him.  “You’re concerned that my mother isn’t aware that I love you?  Dean, we’re engaged.  What else could she possibly think?”
Love to the pack.
“Okay,” said Dean, disappointed and falling softly into his Sub.
“Michael’s Omega, Dean. I don’t recommend him. He’s shown a reticence to interfere with Castiel,” Benny pointed out.
Michael froze, paused a beat, and then dropped to his knees.  “Sir,” he said to the floor.  Castiel regarded him coolly, but not angrily.  He seemed to be trying to work Michael open with his mind.
Dean let Michael drive them home.  Dean let Michael carry him into the house, too.
Michael sighed wearily and heaved himself off the bed with the boy. “Alexander,” he corrected sternly, incorporating his wolf in a controlled way. “O-Pop told you. Mommy is welcome. Grownups decide who stays, not pups.” He set the pup on the floor in the corner, facing the room, and he took a couple of steps back.”
Here was this nerdy-looking professor with a perpetual classroom demeanor casually using phrases like
Dean nearly burst out laughing.  The timbre of his Dominant’s voice changed between one instruction and the next, a detail no rookie would have noticed.  But Dean caught it.  And he knew what it meant.  He grinned impishly at the challenge.  Castiel was setting him up to be ground into meal between the imperatives of Castiel’s Alpha versus the commandments from his wolf.  They frequently feasted off different things, needed very different things, and often enough, they chose to use Dean’s body in their tug-of-war.
Jimmy shuffled around tiredly for a moment, rolled onto his belly and pulled his knees up under him so his backside stuck up. Dean patted it a couple of times, rubbed circles on his back, and then pulled his blanket up to the middle of his back and stepped quietly back. He turned to Cas.
April breathed out a long, shaky exhale as her Heat eased and the exhaustion of pain and fear and desperate want eased with it. If the Universe cared about the solace of Omegas, she would have passed out. Instead, she floated in a sea of buffeting waves, listless, too tired to swim, too tired to think or feel. Too tired to worry about whether she sank or floated.
“Are you ready, Alpha?” he asked.
“What was that, Dean?” Cas said at the same time.  “What about Ben?”
Dean had begun to cry and beg.  He apologized.  He swore.  He held his position like the veteran that he was, but he was hurting.  Sam covered his ass and thighs, keeping his paddle at a stinging force with very little follow through, turning his skin bright red, and hurting like a burn, but not going deep enough to bruise him.  Michael’s mouth went slack, and his eyes glazed over.  Cas smelled slick and nodded to himself discreetly.
Castiel’s fist relaxed and smoothed out until he was stroking Dean’s hair. “Are you good, my love? Are
Michael strode forward again aggressively.  “I TOLD you…”
“The day my father died was the day I was born in many ways.  Certainly, that day as the news spread across Lawrence and the surrounding states, that day marked the single fiercest battle I’ve ever faced with the beast within my own breast.  There is not an individual in this room who is unfamiliar with the degree of power the monster I carry inside me is capable of wielding.  And I say this as clearly as I can, so that all must hear me: we CANNOT return to the society of Primate assimilation that destroyed Zachariah.  We cannot turn our backs on the progress we’ve made.  People like me depend wholesale on stepping forward every day as a unified Pack into the wilderness we still know so little about.  We have so much yet to learn, and it will take the combined efforts of all of us to carve a space in that wilderness to reclaim a homeland for our Pack.
“Gabriel, warm water or cool?”
“I’m fine,” April answered, mirroring both his word and his tone.  Kat climbed into her lap, squashing Emma a bit until April rearranged them both to share the space.
“That’s much more direct than most people are able to state right at first.” She wasn’t looking at him. She was reaching for her glasses.
“Jo Harvelle. I’m his best friend. Here, I’ll dial. He’s Dean. Dean Winchester. His folks are Mary and John. Can you do the talking? I don’t know what to say. Is he…Presenting?”
“Hands’ off!” called Michael.  “Everyone back up!”
“I owe you an explanation,” Cas confessed. “I haven’t been supporting you well lately, and I’m worried you may read that as an instability in my commitment to you as your Dominant. Dean, love, that’s not the case. It’s really not about you at all. It’s about me. Me and Gabriel.”
April looked back at her lap. “He doesn’t mean it, Dean. I’m sure he doesn’t. He doesn’t appreciate being a foregone conclusion. He’s made a lot of progress at accepting his place as an Omega in a very short time, but he still balks at being managed, even if it’s for his own good.”
Michael gasped and his eyes flashed wide just before Dean clenched his shut with a powerful yell. The alpha planted his palms against Castiel’s chest and pushed, crying out again in despair.
(Is it unethical to give your dogs Benadryl during your own migraine to shut them up?  Duct tape is too hard to remove.  Asking for a friend.)
***************
going to hear one more half-assed plea for another extension. Time is up. Get it done and get it on my desk and do it now!” Cas hated raising his voice in his official capacity, but the beta had a way of getting under his skin. There were initiatives in the wings fully planned and staged and waiting on nothing but funding, and Crowley had all the resources at his fingers to provide that, but he failed to live up to his promises quarter after quarter.
“Why does there have to be a leash?” he asked her in a pained voice, coming to a stop.
“I see,” said Cas.  He didn’t move for several seconds, staring at the ground in front of him, and then he stood up and stalked angrily away.  April burst into tears as the door slammed.  Dean shushed her sadly, but he didn’t really try to stem the flow.  She’d carried a lot for a long time, and she needed to release it.
“Sam, he’s got a responsibility to keep the voting on track, fair, and truthful. He has leeway to deliberately offset a transparently off-spec vote. His is defensible. Hers isn’t.”
“I dunno. Late. Early. Go back to sleep, alpha. I’ve got you.”
Cas put down his napkin and pushed his tray back.  “Come on April.  We’ll take my car.”
“I can play it by heart!” Renée enthused.
Cas tapped Dean’s forehead to get his eyes back.  “Don’t hurt yourself, Pet.  We’ll work up to a bit more eventually, but if you make yourself throw up, we’re stopping.  Do your best.  I don’t require perfection.”
Jo gave up, and she pulled Charlie to her feet as well.  Looking down, Cas found Sarah kneeling at his feet with a speculative look on her face.  He paused a moment in thought, and then he held her eye as he took a deep drink into his mouth.  Slowly, he aimed a perfect but agonizingly slow dribble into her open mouth.  It would have been masterful if she hadn’t begun laughing halfway through and spraying everyone in the vicinity with white wine.  Cas stopped the flow immediately, swallowed what remained in his mouth, and pulled her laughing and coughing to her feet, whispering, “Be careful what you wish for around here, my dear.  We may just oblige you.”
Dean shifted and softly sang out the first few notes from the “Twilight Zone” theme.  He was pointedly still sitting where Cas put him.
“Sir, Sam and Jess….”
Dean fell still, listening. Then he snaked his arms around Cas’ waist and pressed his forehead into the Alpha’s shoulder, right over the vanished bite-mark he’d left there long ago.
“With my life,” Dean answered without pause.
“Shut up, both of you.  This isn’t about Jo anyway!” shouted Meg.  She was pale and looked unsteady.  “Mate or don’t mate.  It makes no difference.  You’re still here, and you’re still on track to be our next career Winchester.  Let me get this straight…this chick in Turkey…”
“You matter more than getting my rocks off, alpha.  You oughtta know that by now.”  Michael felt his wolf nosing in beneath his arm and edging persistently forward, but he blocked it.
“Rachel!”  Michael called, practically running up to her just as his sister was about to dive across the table and throttle the woman.  “We’re going to the hospital.  I need you and Mommy to distract April.  Cas won’t let her go, and she’s ready to throw a fit about it.  See if you can divert her while we get out of here.”
Again, he let the cane fly. Again, she sucked in an aborted breath and then managed a weak count into her arms. Her ass welted, swelling instantly to show him where he’d struck. In the bond they shared, Cain could feel the sensations as he laid them down. She counted three, four, five, in a steady rhythm.
“Eww, gross! Wrong Winchester! Get off me, you creep!” She shoved away from him, and he laughed.
“That’s part of the offer.  It’s not a requirement.”
“You were rude and irrational.  You continued to protest when you were instructed to drop the matter.  I don’t care what your reasons are.  You don’t get to make this call.  I’m Pack Alpha, and it’s my decision when and how Michael’s test proceeds, not yours.  You are wrong about this, and I’ll explain in full later, but right now, you’re going to be paddled for your terrible behavior during the meeting.  Afterward, you will apologize in person to Dr. Harvelle, and you will write an apology and send it to everyone in attendance who had to witness your temper tantrum.”  Cas turned to where Sam stood waiting by the door.  “Sam?”
“Alpha, I must insist that you refrain from disparaging a man whose circumstances are beyond our fathoming.  We don’t know that he…”
“You wanna try to explain to him later that we hafta start the whole rigamarole all over again ‘cause the data’s fucked?”  Bobby turned on Jo.  Jo just huffed and headed for the door muttering under her breath.  Bobby wasn’t having it.  “Wanna say that loud enough for the whole class?” he used his alpha voice.
Bobby ran his thumb across Gabe’s asshole. The tearing was going to sting, but all in all, the pain from inside Gabriel’s body was much more severe than the sting of penetration was going to be. The Omega hadn’t damaged himself very badly, and Bobby needed to deal with him quickly. He pushed the disposable tip of his lube bottle into Gabe’s ass and squeezed just to be sure, although a wet smear of slick already coated both thighs.
Could a backwards bond give Dean and Cas more of an intuitive connection?  Could it help them trust each other?  He wanted that too.  He wanted badly to trust Cas.  He wanted desperately to believe that Cas loved him as much as he said he did.  Dean felt in his gut that it was really a matter of time and patience.  Already he felt stronger.  He was closer tonight than he’d ever been in being able to feel it like he needed to.  They’d fought, and Cas had been so angry, so hurt, yet he never even suggested they break up.  He’d calmly told Dean he knew everything and then simply shrugged it off.
Her lips popped as she stepped back up again. “Omega, I need to speak with you in my office, please.” There was a forced politeness to the tone of her voice. “Right now.”
“That’s it, baby,” Kaia crooned. “Come for me. You’re so beautiful. Can I? Claire, can I knot you? Say yes, baby. Say yes. Want you so bad.”
The air held the tension of conflicting pheromones. Castiel ignored the discomfort of an un-Balanced Sub. Dean wasn’t
“I know, Fred…I’m…”
“Fuck you, Jo,” he squeezed out as he writhed. “You’re the fucking Omega!” His words were callous, but he had begun to sob as he rolled. He started to squeeze rhythmically, helping the throb to find a tempo that it needed to let the pain escape. His cock burned down its entire length, but it was the bulge at the base that ached like someone was pounding it with a rock. He rolled onto his belly and scrabbled back to the end so he could drive his belly into the edge again and find friction against the side of the mattress. Sweat poured off his body.
Sam had thought he wanted nothing whatsoever to do with Michael’s ridiculous ploy to humiliate Cain. But now that he was here…
so much!”
“April?” she asked.
The chatter stopped.  Gabriel leaned back and looked at the ceiling with a hopeless expression.  Kali leaned in to rest her head against his chest.  Castiel bowed his head over his plate and attempted to gather himself.
Dean’s trembling fingers slipped into the right pocket of his blue jeans and came out with a small ring of keys. He separated out the round-headed one and managed to wrench the ruined trunk open, revealing an odd array of detritus and containers.
“That’s what I thought,” Dean agreed. “But I thought I must’ve been mistaken. You led that one. You bottomed from the Top. But it was a mild scene.”
“You have a meeting, and I have class,” Michael reminded him. “Eat your snack, and think about why you’re in chastity, Dean. I love you. I’ll see you this afternoon. Swing by and pick me up.”
April giggled.
“Dean, be straight.  No limits?”
Cas gestured both of the doctors into the room and indicated they had his permission to begin their work. Dr. Havish moved in first with a quiet “Humph,” and a re-squaring of his shoulders.
Castiel answered.  “Absolutely.  And I would go further and say that the alpha’s getting as much out of this experience as the Omega.  For a Dominant alpha, the chase and capture of a mate is incredibly satisfying.”  Cas eyed the footage still repeating on the screen.
“Is it weird that I still want you to play a…a…parental kind of role for me? Am I sick to get off on that?”
“Based on your D.H.O., your projected due date is February 7,” she told Michael.
“Don’t downplay the big show, Sam.  And don’t assume that’s your only role here.”  Jim nodded toward the glass-walled conference room, and Sam turned his attention back to it to find his brother beckoning him.
Could he feel the intensity behind her eyes? Did he know?
“Bye, Dean. I love you, son.”
Cas continued to look at Benny, his face flat.
Dean set a hand on his brother’s forearm, patting him lightly.  “I’m not being controlled, Sam.  Look at me, man.  Really look.  Listen to me.  I’m all right.  Swear to god.  It’s not fucked up.  It’s discipline.  It’s not fun, maybe, and I may look like a Titian painting from behind, but Cas knows what he’s doing.”
Michael growled softly at him, and the instructor cocked his head.  “You don’t like that?” Uriel goaded.  “Good.  You’ll need that fire to set the right tone when you work a scene, but I don’t care if you scored a 45 on your Keller test, Omega.  This is
Note about this chapter:  Dean is Out-of-character in terms of SPN standard whenever he's in his submissive state.  For him it's a hard regression to a certain level of childishness (not just child-like, but childish) that may be uncomfortable or unrecognizable to some.  It's just how it works when I write him in that state.
Cas huffed again and stood to face him, sliding his hands to hold Dean by the hips. “I believe you’ve got that covered for both of us.” He stooped, lowered his head, and looked into Dean’s downturned face. “I’m not going anywhere, my love. I have a funeral to attend, and I have nephews to escort home. We have a wedding to plan. I expect to have a pregnancy to manage if you do your job well…”
“There is nothing you could ever do for which I would not forgive you, sweet Omega. I understand what drove you, and I understand how Dean turned your impulse to his own uses. You’re not responsible for Dean’s behavior, Michael, only your own.”
Dean nodded that he’d heard that time.  He raised his voice above the din.  “She volunteered to take the graveyard shift with the pups!  She’s probably asleep right now, trying to get a nap before her turn!”
Wednesday, July 5, 2017
April’s butt was a beautiful pink above the lasting bruises that never faded completely.  She was learning to hold position without flinching through the harshest strikes, but she still struggled to get her breathing patterns as fluid as he wanted them.  She was improving rapidly.  Today’s routine was going to challenge her.  He intended to push no further than she could handle, but a part of him thrilled in anticipation.  What if she took it all?  Dared he to hope?
“I know you did, baby. I know.”	Dean raised his head and looked into Castiel’s eyes. “Cas, look. C’mere and sit down with me for a second.”  He tugged Cas to the seats in the corner, and he stifled a grunt as his weight settled stiffly. Cas brought his form and his pen and let them both dangle sadly. Dean couldn’t help but chuckle and hug him. How could one person be both so frighteningly dominant and so endearingly awkward?
Castiel touched his arm and wished him good luck, then followed Sam out the door. Michael was certain that Sam paused outside to listen for the clicking lock before escorting Cas down the back way and up through concrete hallways leading to the rear of the stage.
“I’m extremely happy Gabriel didn’t turn tail,” he went on.  “And I think you’re going to do Jess a world of good.  I’m sorry her state of mind fell so heavily on you last week.  That should not have been your burden.”
Michael swallowed and sniffed. She was perilously close to striking him squarely between the eyes, and he dreaded what she might say. She had a way of seeing right through him. He took an abrupt breath and let it shakily back out. He licked his lips and met her eyes. Both gazes shifted to a soft golden glow.
PETE:
“Were you and Pete both scheming to tumble me in the same way, Dean?  Be honest.  Do you want me to connect with her?  Have you been pushing me that way this whole time, and did you deliberately set us up that week to make it almost a given that we’d fall together for comfort through a painful episode?”
“I’m so fucking tired, Dean. This day. This week. Fuck! Last week too. When does it stop?”  Michael watched a hawk swing in a wide circle right over the oak tree.
“Then I guess you’d better get started. Eight hundred. Before Monday morning.”
“That’s assuming no one proposes any changes to the bylaws,” said Sam.
But no. As the weeks passed, Castiel saw and spoke to the rest of his Facility Pack like normal but never ran into Dean. Sometimes he kept April close. Occasionally he left her alone in the suite. And sometimes he left her with Meg or Charlie. She seemed to be making friends with both women. Cas wasn’t sure how good an idea a friendship with Meg would be, but he wasn’t about to try to control his mate’s relationships. She was her own woman, as much as that was possible for an Ozzie as deep as April. Maybe April would even turn out to be a good influence on the bratty nurse. But wherever Cas was, it seemed Dean wasn’t. What’s more, he began to hear and see signs that Dean’s work was suffering. It was most definitely not like the alpha to submit poorly thought-out reports, skip crucial planning meetings, or fail to register the new round of research volunteers. He even canceled two scene sessions with Cas.
Dean snickered. Michael rolled his eyes and let Dean answer that one so they didn’t both wind up in trouble again due to Michael’s inability to contain his snark. “We’re good, Fred. Tell Cas there’s only a little bleeding and Michael doesn’t want any stitches.”
“As far as responsibilities go, that’s also pretty straightforward.  Everyone does housework.  Everyone cleans up after themselves.  You meet any professional and institutional obligations you make.  You don’t break any laws.  Communicate everything to whoever sits above you; that’s me.  Don’t hide anything.  By the way, I already filled Cas in on what happened this morning.  He’s going to follow up with Sam, but he’s not planning to talk to you about it.  I told him you’ve already had your discussion, and he’s good with it.  He trusts me.  And Michael, I’m not going to give him any reason to stop trusting me.  We’re not playing games in this pack; none of the ‘two-sides-against-the-middle’ crap that would divide us and breed disharmony just for the sake of stirring the pot.
“Now, now, beta, cool your jets.  Everybody’s still in one piece, last I heard.  You can get all the details from the horse’s mouth when you get home.  Don’t waste time worrying about it.  Jess and the boys are not in the line of fire.  Castiel phoned me up from his suite.  I gather he slept alone last night.  No, Sam, I want you thinking strategy.  Focus, beta.  Here’s the thing: Cas and Dean have the perfect answer to how to set our movement spinning even faster than they ever imagined, but they are too tied up in their own fears to take the opportunity.  You and me and the others can talk all fucking day about how important it is to foster equality outside the household and strong structure within it, but if Ellen’s the only Omega who ever shows her face publicly, we’re just so much hot air to some people.”
He shuddered as a tongue touched his hole, lapping enthusiastically at him and sending shivers up his back.
Dean’s head swam. His mate’s wolf held him fast by the power of his voice, but it wasn’t the wolf’s emotions. Michael sent Dean utter helplessness, an inevitability and a vulnerability that shook Dean even while the Dominant wolf paced ever closer.
“I thought you said you were going to wait for me to name it. You said it was my call.”
“Groveling,” Dean confirmed, backing up a step. “And what’s with jumping out at me like that? You could have screwed up the whole song. You scared the crap out of me.
“Yes, Michael.  I will allow that.  There’s no reason to punish April for Dean’s poor decisions, and I plan to leave them both weary tonight.  She’ll need you.”
He walked down the hall with an encumbered gait, fidgeting at the rough feel of hemp between his legs chafing the base of his dick and plying his cheeks apart like a wedgie. Michael had one class left to attend and it wasn’t here. It was across campus. He’d have to walk as there wasn’t sufficient parking to be sure of finding a space color coded to his car’s permit. Walking was going to be brutal. Michael collected his belongings from Dean’s office and left in a hurry, leaving his security escort scrambling to stash his phone, slip his shoes back on, and catch up. Michael was in no mood to babysit a security guard. He was itching for a random bigot alpha to get all up in his grill and start something. If that happened, the first man Michael planned to knock unconscious would be his security guard so he’d have leave to really fuck up someone’s shit. Michael stormed furiously across the street, disappearing down the sidewalk bend leaving his security detail trotting after him.
be, Michael. Think about what she wants to be.”
The chatting around him continued, and now that his head was up, Dean could see most of them.  Some were naked, and some were in the middle of stripping.  Balthazar stood facing Dean’s head with a hand on his own cock and a delighted expression.  It was Christmas morning for the Omega, and he couldn’t decide which present to open first.
Michael lifted his eyes and glared. “He wasn’t even willing to
“Yes, please.”
He nodded into her shoulder and let the music do its thing.
“Are you really supposed to be asking? Aren’t you the one in charge here?”
Kali nodded slowly.  “If you say so.  Looks to me like you’re borderline yourself for going over the edge.  Having you here could turn out to be more of a burden than a help.  No offense.”
Cas came with a soft moan, pressing his hips forward and holding them close, pressing everything but his knot into this man he adored so much.  He breathed into Dean’s ear for a minute.  “Grab your beer.  I’m sitting down, and I’m taking you with me.”
“Go on up to bed.  I’ll be up in a minute.”
“Henry was her backdoor baby?” she finished for him, and he nodded, focusing down on his son’s face.  Hank squirmed in his father’s arms.
Sam leaned on the bar. By all rights he shouldn’t be here for this, but he couldn’t bring himself to slip out. He caught Gabriel’s eye and got a confirmation. Gabe wasn’t leaving either.
“What are you doing up here with us?” Michael asked quietly. “Shouldn’t you stay for Sam?”
Gabe nodded, worked his jaw, and turned back to face the water.  Ancient light, caught in the webbing of his amber irises, shone for a moment on its journey from the sun to ricochet off the moon, through frigid empty space, refracting in the physicality of the atmosphere, reflecting from Gabriel’s timeless eyes and on into the depths of the pondwater where microscopic algae waited to capture it like fish in a net and exchange it for movement and heat.  Gabe’s eyes flashed, and Sarah felt ephemeral in his presence.  Gabe wasn’t
He felt it from inside his head this time, that kiss, and he let her feel his wonder in return. She was soft and receptive, and she was fierce and resounding, and she was everything. Michael whined in earnest and leaned in, forcing her back, laying her down. He touched the tip of his tongue to the seal of her lips, and she opened for him. From somewhere deep inside, Michael felt a rush of emotion begin to build and to resonate, and he rolled with it, giving in to it, letting it moisten his lashes and tighten his grip.
Whether there was anything salvageable left of Naomi wasn’t clear to Castiel. But Dean was right. Whatever it might take to keep the rest of them from falling into this darkness, Cas would do it.
“Put a sock in it, Mother,” Gabe groused. “Nobody gives a shit about your day.”
Dean scoffed loudly and turned to face the window. Shame suffused his body, setting his fingertips to tingling and running a high flush up his cheeks. He didn’t want his brother to see it on his face. “Right. Of course,” Dean scoffed with a shaky breath.
Out of the corner of his eye, Cas caught sight of Billie, and he watched her furtively as she disappeared behind the pool house with a slap to the side of her arm. The mosquitoes were out. Cas mused without moving, even as April took to his same chair and settled sleepily into him. He dropped a kiss to her temple and cinched her in.
“Set your feet, Pet.  I’m going to light you up, and then I’m going to fuck you.”
“Will that get your knot in my ass sooner?”  Dean nodded confidently and dropped some cash on the table.  “Then let’s do it.  I hope you’re ready for me.  I drive a hard bargain.”
Benny couldn’t help grinning.  Baiting Cas was a critical part of his commitment to keeping the Alpha humble.  That’s what he told himself.  Or perhaps it was just fun.
God bless a flexible alpha body.
“One more, my beautiful Omega.  You are exquisite in your strength and your pain.  You are lovely in your agony.  You are more than absolved, my love.  You are more than forgiven.”  The words tumbled out of him, another touch of reality for her to cling to, as tangible as the steel in her grip.  “You put me and all of my ilk to shame in your sublime perfection, and I am humbled by you.  Hold fast now, and give me… Just.  One.  More.”
“Oh, jeez, really?! So Dean gets to be an asshole to everyone, and we all have to hold him with kid-gloves, but I don’t get any leeway at all? I’m just as keyed up as he is!” Michael’s voice went up an octave in anxiety as he stumbled along trailing the Alpha.
“Yeah, I got it.”  Dean used Castiel’s thigh to help him stand.  He set a firm, forbidding expression in place and crossed the playground swiftly to intervene before anyone wound up with a scratched cornea.  A dissonant pair of wails, some tears and some snot, and a short break from playtime later, Dean let Alex cajole him into a game of tag.  The game drew pups off the play structures and out into the open grass until the swing set sat abandoned and squeals of laughter echoed across the duck pond.
“Do you want to call and ask?” she prompted. “I won’t tell if you don’t want to.”
“I’m back, kitten.  I’m just a little disoriented.  And you smell so good.”
the damn job!”
“The best you can do every day is the best you can do that day.” He swallowed and continued more clearly. “Some days are mundane; you know what I mean? You cook bacon and try to get it exactly right ‘cause you know how that person likes it. Someone serves you bacon and you decide whether to pitch a fit that it's not crisp enough or to just eat it and say thanks because you care about their feelings. Some days are bigger than that. Like, the love of your life tells you she wants you for her husband. But it’s all the same thing, man. You take what you get each day, and you decide who you are, who you wanna be, who you want to be near, and how near you can let them get to you. You don’t get that many choices, really – just a couple each moment. There’s no scorebook keeping track except the people around you and how you make them feel. How you feel about them. And, man, if you don’t want to be your old man, then don’t. It’s literally that easy. You’re not in a coma here. No one’s taking away your ability to choose your actions for yourself. You tamed that monster in your gut all on your own with your Pop doing his damnedest to sabotage you every day. But you did right by yourself anyway. Man, that’s who you are. I can’t tell you whether to get married or not. But I can tell you that what you have with April is going to be tough either way. It’s not about a ring and a piece of paper. It’s about a commitment.”
“And did you outright lie to me when I asked you to point me to your hairbrush?”
“That’s very close,” Cas praised. Michael grinned and leaned in to plant a kiss on Alex’s cheek. “Can you say, ‘Oh-Pa’?” Cas made a round circle with his mouth, leading the pup to mimic him.
Maybe one day Dean would get smart enough to stop pissing off psychopathic wolves who have access to make him ache.
sound like whining?”
“No redefining the definition of a work subject or the concept of a day in order to weasel your way into a wider work scope, Dean.  When I say one day, I mean a 24-hour period from midnight in Paris to midnight in Paris.  When I say work subject, I mean you are to present your plan to me on a daily basis, and we will define the scope of each day’s work together.  You are not to step one toe beyond that scope.  If I feel you need a break, I will call a halt to all work altogether, and I expect compliance without whining, else everything stops.”
“The Alpha is a bit of a brute, as I said,” he tried again.  “But unlike my wolf, it’s trainable.  I’ve managed to teach my moral code, the one I use to define myself, to my Alpha fairly successfully.  My cognitive brain and my Alpha move in lockstep most of the time if I keep it satisfactorily fed and if external circumstances don’t push it past its boundaries.  I’ll admit, there are some things the Alpha and I don’t see eye to eye on.  When that happens, I must muscle it back to compliance through force of will.  April, let me assure you, I have a very strong will.  I can handle both the wolf AND the Alpha.  I’m NOT going to hurt you.  Not ever.  Sometimes what I must do to bring them both back under control is something I prefer not to share with others, not even you.”
Unfocused eyes stared into his face, aware that his word meant herself, but unable to place just how.  “Jesus,” he muttered, putting a hand on his mother’s shoulder and looking around, assessing for potential danger.  “We’ve gotta get her out of here.  We can’t let anyone see her like this.”
“All right,” she conceded.  “Maybe not.  This may hit him upside the head and set him snarling left and right.  But I’ve known him so much longer than you have.  I knew him in high school, Michael.  I watched him struggle with it, and I watched him defeat his own demons.  Castiel didn’t have many friends in those days, and I was one of the few he confided in, and it was a close thing.  I’ll admit it.  But you don’t know the level of control he’s capable of.  You don’t know how important his moral compass is to him.  It’s WHO HE IS.  It’s everything.  I can’t swear he won’t lose it for a time, and scare the shit out of everyone around him, but I’m certain he’ll come to grips and rein it in.  He can do this, Omega.”
Backtracking just a little to clarify what happened the morning after.  Also, Dean and Sam spend the day at home, waiting.
Sam smirked as he shoveled cold oatmeal into his mouth.  He wasn’t as forgetful as all that.  Sam wasn’t ever going to forget those years, coming to terms with being the least important member of the pack, or the least in danger of falling apart at any given moment anyway, making peace with the negligence born of the foxhole lifestyle they’d all been thrust into by Mary’s death, and finding a way to be his own mother and father when the empty house closed in silently around him.  Sam had needed so much more, but he had come to the very pragmatic, survivalist conclusion that he wasn’t going to get it from his father.  Dean was barely keeping his own head above water.  Every day had become a triage where only the most dire crisis merited attention, and Sam was just never dire enough.  And now, years later, Sam was finally recognizing the full scope of what he’d missed out on.  He’d needed his father’s council to understand Jess, and he’d been robbed of that.  It was a broken circle, and the ramifications could have meant a lifetime of anguish between the mates.  Sam’s instincts were never going to take him there.  He needed guidance, but John was gone.  Mary was gone.
“Are you two finished shouting at each other over us?” Michael joked.  “Did you reach any conclusions?  Does the straightjacket go on now or after dinner?”
“Michael’s not fertile, Sir,” Dean murmured. “It’s okay. We can give him this. I want to. Tell me what to do. Wanna be good. Let me be good for you. Cas, please. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“Dean, please. He made me swear not to last time he moved. He’s bad off. He’s really sick. He doesn’t want you boys to see him like that. The man may be broken, but he’s still a man. He’s still alpha, and he has a right to his privacy.”
“Yeah.”
“Much like her grandson?” posed Sarah.
“Ergh!  God!  Michael!”
It was peaceful.
“No, Sir. I clean up after myself. Please have a good morning, gentlemen.”
to submit to me, Dean Michael!”
“Little bit, yeah,” Gabe replied bravely.
Understood?”
“Come on in, Sam.  Have a seat,” Bobby stood and gestured Sam into one of the visitor’s chairs in his office. “I want to get your take on the shit-fest in Dallas.  You get a chance to read over it all yet?”
“More than one, if you really want to count,” Michael corrected quietly.  He snapped his mouth closed when Maureen transferred her attention to him.  She nodded once.
“Um, yeah.  Yes, Dean and I have something else, but if it would be okay, we’d rather talk about it in private with just you.”
“Yeah, thanks, little bro. I don’t know what the hell I’m doing, but I’m doing it anyway.”
“Mm, barely,” Michael murmured.
How were they both in front at once?
Michael fitted his microphone into the stand before him, but he stayed poised toward Dean.
“Shuffling her off to a happy little retirement is not going to help you heal from everything she’s done.  You don’t work like that, Dean, and neither does Gabriel.  We don’t have to make a big scene, but she needs to be there to watch Castiel promise you his heart.  She needs to see how adored Gabriel is by the whole pack – see him stand as the Best Man, deliver a toast, and bask in not being an utter failure as a human being.  She needs to see it, and you both need to know she saw it.”
‘Tried to reach me, my ass’, he thought.
“Can you feel me, Pete? Can you feel what you do to me?” He shifted his hips beneath her slightly, and she moaned.
Saturday, August 28, 2021
“You didn’t mind flaying Michael.” Dean pointed out.
Sam smirked slightly and nodded.
But when he returned, red-cheeked and huffing from the cold, his station was manned by a veteran nurse, who looked embedded, and Michael was at a loss. He looked around, recognizing no one. He didn’t really want to interrupt, but he had about decided he had no other choice when a resolute voice called to him as a gurney slid by.
have an empire, April. You’re part owner in
“Winchester,” Cas corrected him quietly. Sam snorted an aborted laugh.
Once she was gone, Mick had nowhere to look but across at his employer and those icy eyes, stern and forbidding. He leaned in. “Sir, I understand the concept of threats. I know they can come from anywhere, and they don’t always mean the barrel of a gun. But that kind of rumor? Sir, it’s
“Let’s go home, Dean.  I’m tired, and I don’t want to think anymore.”  Dean nodded in agreement and helped his mate to his feet, letting Michael lean on him when he began to sway precariously.  Dean abandoned their gear.  He could come back to collect it all tomorrow while Michael slept in, and he didn’t want to try to carry a buttload of stuff at the expense of his mate’s need for support.
“Groveling?” asked Castiel, taking a predatory step forward.
“Nothing for me, thanks. Stop and get whatever you want, but I’m not allowed snacks or caffeine without permission. I promised I’d come straight home.”
Sarah and Adam had tucked into the upstairs study, a room meant for pups to complete their homework but where Sarah had spent hours uncounted working on her PhD. The door was ajar.
“Whatever.  And your Omega?  What’s she like?”  Michael let his eyes close while her fingers toyed with his hair, and the afternoon siesta time made him drowsy.
He pressed his back against the wall beside the door and tried to erase the image of Michael in presentation, ass high, back sweaty, a sparkling blue plug in place, catching the light. His arms had been trembling, and his head hung low between them. The bond, which was no more than background noise unless Dean focused on it these days, told Dean that Michael was heavily aroused and more than a little pissed off. Dean’s cock ached as it sprang roughly to attention and dragged harshly against the fabric containing it. It took everything in his power to keep his feet planted. It might be worth the punishment to ignore his chastity and barrel in there, rip that cursed plug out and plow his fertile mate into oblivion. But he’d promised Michael, and he really did understand about taking these things for granted. Really, he did. The door cracked open.
Dean mumbled inaudibly.
“I didn’t have my sights on you either, Dean. Not really. I need an alpha touch sometimes. I know that’s odd, but it is what it is. I’m trusting you to keep that to yourself. This isn’t the type of thing that’ll make sense to most of our people, and I’m not ready for the nature of the fight that’ll come on its heels if it gets out.”
“Nosir.”
Dean closed his eyes and panted. He gripped Castiel’s hand with his left hand and Michael’s with his right. The Pack crowded the doorway in consternation.
“Your Pop really did a number on you, sport.”
But his father didn’t come home.  Castiel had known he wouldn’t.
Dean put a hand on Gabriel’s shoulder. “Nothing has to happen that you don’t want to happen, Omega. Just talk to her. Hell, work out a scene with her. It doesn’t have to be more than that. Or just keep it business. Strictly business. Come on, Gabriel. You’re the bravest man I know. You can do this.”
It was wonderful to spend some down time with Benny and Andrea as well as their sleepy beagle, Rudy.  In the past, Cas and Benny spent most weekends together, often doing very little besides share space unless a project deadline loomed.  They hadn’t dined together, outside of Facility functions and John Winchester’s funeral, in months.  They both agreed that new family responsibilities couldn’t be allowed to dissolve their close connection.  It was a friendship that had survived the stormiest seasons of their lives, and they both valued it more than they knew how to express.
“Fuck you,” Dean spat over his shoulder. “You can’t punish me for damaging my own car.”
Jody chuckled. “There are five or six hard to pass but critical bills that we introduce to every single session of Congress as a matter of course. Mandating that Tops receive training is one of them. It’s not a secret. Lupins have been out of favor in Washington for a few years now, I’m sure you’re aware. And Cas is nothing if not persistent. It’ll happen. We just have to figure out how best to protect Ian in the meantime.”
“What?” he asked.  “What kinda talk is that?  Of course you’ll make it to February.  You’re not dying, Naomi.  Don’t play victim with me.  We don’t know how you’re going to handle the effects of losing touch with your beta, but we do know that it’s going to take a long time – a long time of hard, gritty work on your part – before it gets its teeth into you.  And in a few months, who knows?  I don’t read tea leaves, but I’m half expecting April to produce a litter when her turn rolls around.  I know Cas wants a big family.  You can be there for that.  You missed out on your sons.  Don’t miss the grandkids, too.”
“Call Billie.” Cas was still fixated on his mother’s face. “Have her come here, but don’t tell her why. Use the code word ‘Biblical’ somewhere in your instructions to her but couch it. You understand?”
“Have work to do,” Dean protested weakly even as he snuggled in.
April didn’t believe him, but she didn’t contradict the alpha either.  He sighed and fessed up when he noticed the look on her face.  “My dad used to spend time in a particular piano bar back at home after my mom died.  He let me tag along on occasion ‘cause I told him I was interested in the music.  The piano man, a guy named Roger, Rog actually, took me under his wing and taught me some basic stuff.  Of course, I was really there to watch over my dad, but whatever.  I can’t play Mozart like you can, but I can hold a tune together while somebody else runs it.”
“Dean?” Cas asked.
Cas pulled his face back, confused. “Would it be different?”
“April Fucking Renée, he will tear you in two if he takes you right now.  I’m not kidding.  This is not a side of my brother you’ve ever seen, and you don’t want any part of him!”
“We want to try a Ringmaster scene, sir,” Michael almost whispered, sure it was too intense for the stage they appeared to be stuck at.
“Shh!” Ellen stifled him swiftly.  The tension in the room mounted as Benny reached their heads and passed the meter slowly over them, much too close considering the sound Ketch was making in his throat.  A firm touch to the back of the Dominant’s neck and a stern, “Don’t!” from Benny stopped the growling, but Ketch was twitchy until Benny nodded at the glass and walked quickly away.
Dean watched Castiel.  The Alpha’s hands twitched.  He clutched at his own biceps with his arms crossed tightly.  His nostrils flared.  His lip curled.  His eyes stayed glued to April’s face.  Based upon his line of sight, he was holding eye contact with his mate the entire time, and it was pushing him right up to his limit.
“I have to be at work in fifteen minutes,” Michael said while he chewed. “You’re supposed to be helping.”
“Well said, Michael,” Cas told him. “I need to know the basics of course. She is my mate and a Pack Omega, both.”
“No, you can’t!”  The bodyguard took hold around Michael’s chest, but Michael leveled his eyes back over his shoulder and growled in a tone the man had never heard before.  He let go and stood gaping as Michael prepared to push through the tightening throng.
“But, he threw a temper tantrum before calming down sufficiently to discuss it with me, and I cannot ignore that.”
Dean and Sam both spoke at once.
***************
all the words Dean wanted to say cascading through the Sub’s head.
It couldn’t be the pup.  She was an angel, fast asleep in her father’s arms.
“Oh, he’s uh, reacquainting himself with an old friend. I left him there with my tailor.”
“You’re treating her like she’s going to go scurrying into her burrow if she sees us going about our normal lives!” April insisted.  Her volume increased unnecessarily, starting to turn shrill.  “You creep around, trying not to spook her, smiling like an idiot every time she looks at you.  It’s creepy, and it’s weird.  And besides, I didn’t notice you complaining about that showcase when it was your turn on Dean’s ass.  Yours was the harshest of the three.  All I’m saying is that instead of scaring her with the Dominant grandstanding or freaking her out by plying her with some kind of false intimacy, we should get back to normal, and let her come out of her shell at her own pace.”
Dean relaxed into the sensations pulsing though him and came slowly back from his floating high.  He groaned as he rolled off the bed and removed the vibrator, still doing its job, completely unaware that its task had come to completion.  Dean switched it off.  He stood on the tiled floor staring at the toys in his hands, and his eyes welled up.  He wasn’t horny anymore, but the emotion that replaced his arousal was so much worse.  He felt alone and invisible.  He felt wrong.  He felt broken.  He needed his Alpha.
Con veterans knew what to do. Hands shot up as the house lights engaged. He pointed way out deep to his left, and a volunteer hustled a microphone out to her.
“Look, you’re not wrong about the assholes, but all I’m asking for is a backroom coordinator role.  No one out front will even know I’m there.  Charlie told me she could use the help.  What do you think?  These aren’t too bad.  They feel good, not too short, the legs hang right.  There’s lots of room to pudge out.”
April had been easy to re-set back to balanced.
her audition piece. She’s miserable, and it’s not just because auditions are stressful. I don’t think she wants to continue on with classical music at all, but I can’t make her talk about it. To tell you the truth, I suspect she’s using the audition to pull something over on me. I have an idea what it might be, but I’m just not sure.”
“He’s discussing the dangers of running down the stairs with his son,” Michael offered. “He’ll be down in a bit. Where’s Pete?”
Michael nodded and followed her out through the Green room door. Castiel fell into step with him, and they headed to the changing room together silently, Michael basking in the comforting acceptance of knowing that even after everything that had happened today, Castiel was still beside him.
“You look very hot right now, Pet.  Your ass is bright red. Your shoulders are broad and strong and sweaty.  If you wanted to, you could let go of the bars, take those clamps off your nipples, stand up and walk out.  I wouldn’t try to stop you.  You’re still here, letting me cause you pain because I want you to stay, because I told you to stay.  You are still here because
“What the hell does that mean?” asked Naomi, sounding much more like herself than she had before.
“Thank God.  But…what then?  Cas?  This is about so much more than his decision to ask us to wait.  Don’t try to tell me otherwise.”  Michael risked a little bit of Dominant sternness.
“Dean?”
“Didn’t choose, Cas,” Dean grumbled irritably. “It’s kinda the whole point. I fell for you. Hard. But I never had a choice. Didn’t choose you any more than I chose Michael. Doesn’t mean I don’t love you both, but still wasn’t my choice.”
“No, I’m good,” Jake assured his partner as he sat all the way up.  “Oh!” he exclaimed as his weight shifted to press into his sore ass.  “Is that normal?” he asked with wide eyes and a hand snaked under him.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll skip out on this one, Dean.”  Cas reached for the platter of fruit and began to put April’s breakfast plate together.  “I have a huge backlog at the office already.  I could use a quiet evening at my desk to catch up.  Would you mind keeping April with you?  Watch over her, please.”
Castiel’s voice held Dean, and slowly, so slowly, Dean relaxed his muscles, watching as the thickly bulging silicone plug finally capped and slipped free.  He’d played with plugs before, but never one this wide.  His moan was an unearthly sound of relief and pleasure, and it made Cas’ cock twitch in recognition.  Cas knew that sound.  That was the sound of a fully submerged Submissive.  Dean was ready.  Cas moved fast.  He slicked himself up, applied a generous portion to Dean’s hole, pressing some of the synthetic slick up into Dean, enjoying the delicious grip of his rim over the Alpha’s knuckle.
Naomi
“Oh, were you talking to me?” Dean sassed as Castiel glided out of the room.
“Jesus, Cas!  Egotistical much?”
“Mr. Winchester, focus, if you please.”  His instructor paced past his desk, following a strict pattern through the smattering of low classroom tables.  He rapped his knuckles sharply atop the pile of photos and drawings that the others at Dean’s table were still pawing through slowly.  “No badgers.  No skunks.  No sea lions.  We are Canids, young man.  You will never connect with your wolf if you cannot properly envision him, and he will NOT be a wolverine or a beaver!”
Cas blinked and huffed an uncomfortable breath.  “There’s a ‘but’ coming,” he surmised miserably.
Cas chuckled affectionately.  He carded a hand through Dean’s hair.  “It’s Thursday, Dean.  Get through today and tomorrow, and I’ll reward you when you get home, no matter how many visitors might still be in the house.  You can do it, alpha,” he said.  “Do it for me.”
Everyone laughed.
“I’m…Michael, I’m…FUCK!”
***************
“Yes, Michael,” she whispered submissively without turning her head.  Michael noticed that she’d slipped into an altered headspace, but it seemed like the only way she thought she could handle letting him pry her open, and he really, really wanted to get it all unearthed.
“Fine! All right! You win, you fucking cunt! Don’t you touch me! I’m going! Jesus!”
Cas huffed gently.  “I’m afraid that’s an unacceptable restriction.  Have you SEEN his ass?
Dean wiped his mouth, dumped his plate in the sink with a splash that unnecessarily drenched his brother, and took April by the hand.
Cas tried to keep a straight face, but he couldn’t, and he broke out into an enormous grin in the face of his best friend’s cheer.  “What happened to us, Benny?  Last thing I remember is you and me making crazy plans in your dorm room in the middle of the night.  Look at us now.”
“Yeah, babe, yeah.  I’m here.  Come on home, baby.”
the alpha to him. Raphael tried to save face, but it was clear through their eyes and their body language that they both knew where this was going.
“It wasn’t a lie, Dean. It was a manner of speaking. He didn’t take his eyes off me until I waved him off because I found you.” Michael rolled past Dean and heaved a stack of chairs into his grip, stumbling a little.
Dean smiled, buttoned his slacks, and leaned in for a soft kiss.  “I would love that.  The whirlwind isn’t letting up anytime soon though.  I’ve got Charlotte at the weekend, and that stupid car magazine photoshoot tomorrow night.  I’m already way behind on my book.   I was supposed to have the outline finished and submitted to the editor for review by now, and all I’ve managed is to organize my notes and set a rough idea of the flow.”
“Do you?”
“Yes, Papa,” Michael grumbled.
Cas hovered outside the door while they fucked, but otherwise didn’t leave Gabriel’s side. He brought them food and water, changed the sheets under them, massaged Gabe’s tired shoulders, and sponged him off several times.
“So talk to Dean.  Tell him what you need…”
“It’s a punishment, Cas! It’s not supposed to be enjoyable, remember?”
“What?!  That’s totally unfair!  I take care of my mate, Castiel.”
“You know me well, alpha,” Jerry said cheerfully, although he stretched his travel-weary body before following Dean. “Michael, what are my grandpups doing out of bed this late?”
“No.  No, Margaret, you are mine.  You are my Pack, and I need you as badly as you need us.  Give me some time.  Let me work on this for you.  Go see Ellen and have your scent sampled.  Get yourself registered and let me work on it.  We’re not sending you to Delaware.”
“And you dug something up on your own?” prompted Dean.
She sighed and wilted.  She faced her plate and spoke mechanically.  “Dean found a baggie of tablets in the garage that I must’ve dropped on my way in this afternoon.  He knew they were mine because he knew I was the last person in the garage.”
“You’re all a bunch of hypocrites,” the questioner told him bravely.  “You’ve got the whole species eating tamely out of the palm of your hand, and you’re leading them right into the grinding mill.  Primates don’t give a damn about us.  They don’t respect you for building great institutions.  You look like a puppy begging for scraps to them, and they’re never going to see us as human.”
“Jesus, you people are weird,” Gabe decided.  “Why is everyone smiling?  Did I miss something?”
“We go in descending order,” Castiel explained. He made no indication he noticed Sam’s careful positioning for the acknowledgement that it was. He began to unbutton his cuffs and then slowly worked his fingers down his shirt, unfastening his buttons as he went. “To the extent that we can control it, I ask you not to knot her. Waiting out three knots might lead to fatigue which would impact your performance, and I want each of you to have a fair shot, not to mention we need a full night’s sleep tonight. Any questions?”
“I’m not going to continue until I understand,” Michael told him, and Dean refrained from groaning by the barest of margins.  “You wanted a strong scene, and you wanted to hurt, but you felt that neither of us would give you what you needed without provocation.  Is that it?”
Kathleen patted her hand.  “Coming right up, baby girl.”
Cas chuckled humorlessly.  “I know.  I’ve watched you do it.  Never thought to see it from April though.”
Dean glanced over his shoulder at the staircase.  He had been up and down it thousands of times in his life, often paying it no mind whatsoever as his mind fixed upon his destination rather than his journey.  It didn’t seem like a troublesome goal to set.  Just climb the stairs?  Seriously?
Michael left him to dress, trusting him to avoid any unnecessary touches that might invigorate him.  Dean was a model of compliance.  Michael didn’t give him another look, but he drowned him through both bonds in a sea of adoration that made Dean’s head swim and his eyes flutter.
“We’re not supposed to play without Castiel’s go-ahead anyway.  Not yet.  Why don’t you go crash Alpha’s Rut?” Michael suggested.  “We both know he wants you there.  April’s tailing off first.  She can go upstairs on recovery, and you spell her with Castiel.”
She grinned at him, and he grinned back. “Alphas and Dominants, Dean, they don’t take direction well. Have to use blunt-force trauma to the brain.” The mêlée around them continued unabated, but Jo let them all fester. They weren’t her problem yet. “Where are we, Meg? And I swear if the room isn’t prepped, we’re all just going to squat on the floor like a big drumming circle.”
wanna do it again, but it taught me so much. I wish I could promise I won’t ever be there again, but all I can promise is that I’ll try.” Dean frowned in thought. “Thank you for letting me do that, Michael. I know you didn’t want to. That took a lot of trust, and I guess…just, thanks.”
“Good morning, Alpha,” Michael answered with equal gravity, and Dean snorted out loud.  He tried to cover by turning it into a cough, but the flat stares they both gave him told him he didn’t cover well enough, and he gave it up and giggled quietly.  He put Gabriel back to work getting all the necessary accoutrements on the table and checking everyone’s drink choices.  Gabe grumbled but did as he was told.  Gone were the days of a quiet, secluded bachelor’s life for one where he could slip unnoticed in and out of his suite in the back and not need to interact with anyone.
would cause.
“So you were just…what…playing with me all this time? It never stopped you from making love to me. Never stopped you from telling me I’m your whole goddamn world. Never stopped you from bending over and letting me blister your ass when you needed a Release. Did all that mean nothing to you? Fuck you, Adam Milligan! You knew this whole time, and you knew I wanted to get married, and you sat on that and said
Benny nodded. “Uriel’s right. It’s a rough time for all wolves, even the betas. But our primary focus must be on saving lives first, and on raising healthy adults second. And while I don’t believe
He was fucked.
“You crave that, don’t you, alpha?” Dean asked carefully right into his ear, too soft for Michael to hear. “You need an alpha knot?”
Cas gave him a reproving look. He turned his eyes on the committee across the table. “Very well. We accept the recommendations. I’ll be making an appointment with Pam. I appreciate the sincere efforts you’ve all put in, and I know how difficult this was. There are extenuating circumstances. I’m not the easiest man to investigate. I understand that.”
“Sorry,” Cas replied, looking up to check that his brood was all healthy and happy and socially engaged.  Kat had a toddler by the hand and was escorting the boy up wide, low stairs toward the slide while the boy’s mother looked on in amusement.  Alex and two or three other children were flinging pebbles up into the branches of a tree, playing a game of their own devising.  Jimmy and Emma seemed to have teamed up to create the largest sand pile the sandbox could support.  “What would you rather I had done?”
“Thank you all for coming today. This panel is sponsored by the Alumni Committee. I want to thank our panelists for donating their time…”  She droned on, enjoying the sound of her own voice. Castiel shot Bobby an accusing look which Bobby pointedly ignored. At last, after an endless driveling introduction, she opened the lines for questions and the first attendee stepped forward. He was very young, probably still in high school.
I hate doing this to Gabriel.  Really I do.  He doesn't deserve it.
“You stood still and let her bind you,” Dean commented dryly, giving no hint of what he thought about it.
He stopped speaking, looking around at the motionless wolves at the table. No one moved.
“All right,” Michael breathed.  He let the moment go with a soft smile that didn’t last long.  It was enough for Dean though.  Whether Michael had really won what he thought he’d won would become clear soon enough.  “Also, no one has permission to discipline you except me, Castiel, and Sam.  If you earn yourself a punishment by anyone else, you’ll answer to me, and it’s not going to be pretty.”
“Welcome home, Sir,” said Michael. “It’s good to have you back.”
“I’m going to talk to Elise and get permission to do a genital exam. He smells close to Presentation. At this point, we’ll be able to tell his Presentation through palpation. I want to know which way it’s going to swing.”
“Let’s just say that I know a great deal about Crowley and his negotiation tactics,” Cas answered.
She unpacked.
“Are you finished?”
to handle the size and scope of his designations.  She was an Omega, unsuited and unprepared for the weight.  He had abandoned her to carry it alone and worry about what it meant for her.  Terrified didn’t begin to describe what she was feeling.
Gabe ignored him.  His eyes brooked no interruption.  “…I made a beeline for home, so no matter what happens next, no matter how bad it ever gets, my first thought won’t be, ‘Thank God I didn’t marry her’.”  He kissed her softly on her lips.  It was a wedding type of a kiss, and she shone back at him.  Cas didn’t know what had passed between them in the short time they’d spent alone in here, but there was a look in both their eyes that was identical.
“Camelot was a fable, and the laws they were bound to were shit laws.  This is not Camelot.  We’re building a Pack based on love and trust, and we’re NOT going to go wrong by doing that.  If I ask you to trust me, it’s because I have a way of being sure of my own course that I don’t have a way to share with you yet, not because my way is shit and I’m not ready for you to call me on it yet.  Your mate’s not perfect, Cas.  And if you believe she is, your rose-colored glasses need a new prescription.  In that same line of reasoning, my mate isn’t the antichrist.  I know you know that, but your wolf and his shoot sparks every time they see each other, and it might be easy to forget that there’s a tortured kid inside that asshole swagger of his.  I’m asking you to give me some time before you start swinging axes and beheading folks.  I’m also asking that you, for all our sakes, talk to your mate before you draw any conclusions about who’s trying to sabotage what.  Can you do that, Castiel?  Can you trust a brat Submissive who freaks out at the sight of a seventy-year-old woman?”
“You smell like
“Yes.  Both of them are dangerous separately, but if they stick together, they’re bad news times twenty.  I wish I knew where they are right now.  Tell you the truth, they’re probably heading the same way we are.  They’d fit right in with Gordon’s new setup.”
“YES!  I’m starting with this one!  I call RED!  Fuck!”
“You told Cas you didn’t know anything until after your Rut.”
The weight in the air shifted again, and they all held still from the pressure of it.  Castiel regarded each in turn, but he settled on April.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean muttered. “It’s a zoo over there, C.J.”
“What, here!?  Dude, you’ve got a study, and a play room, a bedroom!  We’re doing this here?!”
“I want her to be happy.”
“So, you’re afraid of the shit hitting the fan when he comes home,” Dean finished for her.  She nodded silently.  He watched her for a minute without speaking.  “You know I said I believe he’s going to be thrilled to learn there’s more to you than the surface level high school stuff.  He’s going to be pissed that you lied to him.  He’s going to go up the wall crazy with worry about what might have happened to you in trying to manage it all yourself, but he’s going to get a handle on it and settle.  Kiddo, he’s NOT gonna hurt you.”
“Duh!”
“Then we start slowly,” Michael said simply. “Breakfast tomorrow. April kneels for you. Dean kneels for me. I’ve been wanting a cock warmer at breakfast anyway. I’ll go into training tomorrow with a well-fed wolf, and I’ll be Omega enough to scare the shit out of the Deepest Ozzie. You two do whatever you want at the other end of the table. Both Subs will be naked, and both will be moving at their Dom’s instruction. If being naked and getting me off seven feet from a girl makes Dean feel weird, I’ll know it. Sound like a plan?”
“All right.  I know how much it eats away at you when you feel guilty, so we’re going to take care of this right now.”  He opened the report so he could determine what the stroke-count should be and whether she’d Released during her previous run-ins or not.  “Afterward, I want you to take an Epsom-salt bath and relax while I make dinner.  Go ahead and get yourself placed.”  According to the report, she was given 10 for forgetting her homework, just 5 for losing the game, and 20 for arguing in class.  He owed her 70 tonight and could expect a substantial Release.  She was a little overdue.  He reminded himself to ask her more about the fight over dinner.
“They know that.  They also know you’re registered for the fall semester, and they’ve got half the papers you’ve already authored right there in those folders in front of them.  Sam, this is a good thing.  You’re a plus for our side.  You help just by being your awesome self.”  Dean had his big brother face on, coaching his kid brother through an anxiety attack.
Dean shrank down and blushed crimson.  Fuck it, he decided, she was here to see the real deal.  Might as well take all the blinders off.  Besides, this stuff crossed over species lines well enough.  She might not partake in the lifestyle herself, but surely, she
Michael scoffed.  “Right.  Tell that to my left cheek.”
“My bad, sir. I withdraw that. Yeah, I’ll curl up in the big bed with your mate. Just don’t be too surprised if you don’t get her back right away.”
“There was probably a nicer way to say that,” he said into her ear.  She pressed her forehead into his chest and sobbed.
What Dean had just experienced with Michael had been a revelation and a wonder, the fulfillment of a spiritual rectitude. The whole True-mate thing where cycles were concerned put instinct into a new category. They hadn’t needed words. Everything just fit. Everything.
“I broke your trust,” she told him, setting a hand on his arm.  “I don’t expect a quick fix from that.”
“I don’t date, you dick,” Gabe reminded him.
But now Dean’s alpha urgencies were wearing off, and he had a deep desire for something he couldn’t get from an Omega. He wanted a knot. All right, fine—he needed it. The idea sparked something deep inside him. He tried to hide it from Michael. After all, who wants to cycle through with their own True-mate only to discover that they aren’t enough, that their own perfect match needs more than they can give?
who will grant him all access to an identity from there on.”
I promise to do a review of tags soon. I haven't updated them in ages, and there are some missing. Point out any that you notice, if you don't mind. My mind really doesn't work along those lines.
“No, it’s not your fault, Meg.”  Charlie was crying openly now, huddled into herself with her arms wrapped around herself miserably, leaning away from Dean and his warmth.  “I should never have put you in that position.  It wasn’t fair.”
“Spending summer in school when you’re sixteen is no picnic,” Dean sighed in sympathy.
I feel like I'm forgetting something I meant to say, but it's three in the morning here, and the caffeine is wearing off.
Rufus nodded to himself. “I come by every now and then and sit with the old bastard. Bobby’s got a few of us on rotation to keep the staff on their toes. They’re in there twenty-four seven now, takin’ care of your dad, but we all drop in random-like.”
Cas resumed his position.  He rubbed the curve of Dean’s ass with his hand, adoring everything about the man.  He considered saying so, but then decided to hold the thought until a riper moment.  The flogger in his left hand, Cas held the handle up against Dean’s hip, a circumstance of not wanting to put it down while he warmed his target zone up, but the leather dangled down Dean’s leg this time, and it would be a supple reminder to the Sub of where they were heading.
“Do you notice anything noteworthy?” prompted Michael again. “Anything about you?”
“I knew the consequences from the start, alpha. Nothing about this is unfair. He told me what would happen if I failed, and Dean, I failed. You would deprive me of my follow through?”
She picked up the laptop and carried it to the piano. April scoured the written music and the comments. The piece went from chaotic and messy to calm and measured and back again into a frenzy that made her imagine beads of sweat flying from a fiddler’s brow and right arm. She pushed play and listened again. Gabriel perched in Dean’s spot at the bend, leaning on one elbow with a cheeky smirk. She ignored him—probably didn’t even see him.
“Don’t do that again, Dean.  You won’t get another warning.”  A firm touch tugged his lip free of his teeth.
“I would’ve said yes, Michael,” Dean told him with a sniffle.
April’s bedroom door cracked open while Dean was still facing it deep in thought. Cain swung it wide with a suitcase in one hand and another set beside him. He looked up and startled when he found Dean staring coldly right through him.
“Have you told Cas what you experienced?” she asked.
This one was the hardest for her to admit.  It was actual misbehavior, not simply failure to succeed like the other two.  She felt very guilty, and knew she was going to get it.  She ducked her head low and mumbled something incomprehensible.
“No, Dean.
The guard hung the coiled chain on the door handle, then he turned his back to the door, crossed his arms over his chest, set his feet into an immovable stance, and stopped moving entirely, blending into the background and turning the feeling of peril up several notches, a wordless menace blocking the exit, lending believability to the space without saying another word.  Tattoo was the first to shake himself off and saunter into the room.
Ew.  They had some kind of alpha-alpha thing going on, and Michael’s lip pulled back from his teeth slightly.
is why he never had this conversation. “Sam, he’s Castiel-Fucking-Novak. He’s the greatest Lupin researcher, like, ever. He’s a fucking genius, and he’s powerful and important. He saves lives. I’m just his scene partner. I get him off so he can focus on his job and do it right. It’s not an L-O-V-E,
Castiel reached around and pulled the looped chain off the end of the middle post and helped turn Dean around.  “Sit down, Dean, right on your bottom.” Dean moaned as he settled, but he didn’t resist the instruction.  It was an unexpectedly intense feeling, driving the heat and sting up into his body.  “Lean back on your tailbone and let me get the plug out.  Oh, fuck, that’s a pretty sight.  Can you see, Pet?  Look down and see how red your thighs are, how the color has spread to your whole lower half.”  Cas lifted Dean’s balls out of the way so Dean could see the color.  He was flushed and swollen.  Had he been Omega, he would be dripping with slick.
I hope you enjoy this.  I will probably have another soon.
Dean nodded and then leaned into the Alpha.  “Thanks, Cas.”
to me you’d take care of everything I returned to your custody! Does
“Sorry, Cas.”  He patted Michael’s thigh and whispered, “Lemme up,” to him.  Michael slid to the side.  Dean joined Castiel in front of the four others and put an arm around his waist.  “I’m here, boss.  What’s next?”
“I was in Heat, Dean,” she defended.  “I’ve never hidden that I’m attracted to Michael.  I don’t know if you know what it’s like to be in Heat, but it’s hard to remember anything but finding a way to satisfy the burn.  I wanted him really bad.  I justified it in my head because I knew he wanted me too.”  She sighed and crumpled a little.  “I’m so sorry.  I think I broke him.  He didn’t want a scene.  I never dreamed he would just want to…Dean, your mate made love to me like I matter to him, and it was the sweetest anyone’s ever been to me in my life.  I have no idea what to do with that.  Maybe I love him, and maybe I just feel like he’s my savior.  Maybe I’m just responding to the rush of feeling like a whole person for the first time, like a woman.  It scares me.”
“What were you doing the summer you were sixteen, alpha?” Maureen asked shrewdly, and Dean shrugged and took another cookie.  He kept a weather eye on Castiel as Dean stood beside the table, waiting for the order to have a seat.  It didn’t come.
Dean felt his blood begin to pound in his ears. He knew his cheeks were beginning to show a high blush, and his eyes had that sparkle that made people reflect back at him. He was not naïve. Dean knew he was beautiful. Normally it didn’t matter to him. But here, in this space that he’d claimed for himself, he used every ounce of charisma the Universe had blessed him with. He was the funnel through which it all ran, and he felt every pulse of energy that passed through him like a feeding stroke. He vibrated with anticipation. It had been seven long months, and he was hungry for Pack.
And he’d already been working on it at home, under the supportive eye of his mother, who seemed to know which images to pass across to him and which to discard.  It rankled that she tucked all the beefy, angry-looking power beasts back into her folder without a second thought and only offered him the skinny docile-looking mutts.  Surely here at school, with a guide who knew how to read a successful resonance, he would find what he’d been looking for.
“It’s way past their bedtime, Dean,” Sam said into his microphone, stern and paternal.
(See the end of the chapter for
She lifted her brows as she fell into step beside him and indicated with a gesture which room to enter. “Is that so? So, ‘care’ means sex to you?”
Cas ran a hand through his hair.  “Dean, I’m so sorry.”
“All right,” Cole said in a neutral voice, tucking his paddle back into its pocket. “Up you go.” He helped her to balance as she straightened. Neither of them had noticed Castiel yet, off to the side. Cas watched Cole search her face while he wiped the tears from her cheeks. “You’re okay, now. It’s all over. I’m really proud of you, Meg. You did great, sweetheart.” Cole tucked the moist tissue into his pocket and stepped back, indicating with a gestured that she could get dressed again. “Do you have any concerns or questions? You know why that was necessary, right?”
Billie cleared her throat and leveled him a meaningful glare.
***************
Cas gaped at her.
“Wake the fuck up!  Both of you!”
“Hey, Missouri.” Dean rose and kissed her cheek, bringing her in for a tight hug. She swatted him stiffly on the ass, and his yipe had her pulling back with a knowing look in her eye.
Michael looked to his left.
Michael shrugged off the blanket of small bodies draped over him and turned on his butt to face Dean. “How wide was the margin?” he asked. “I hope you wiped the floor with him.”
Christian tapped the desk before him with a thumb.  His hand was wrapped in a thick bandage, but the thumb was free to tap as he rested his throbbing palm before him.  Krissy wouldn’t meet his eye, and he was rapidly losing patience.
They were interrupted as a harsh contraction put bands of barbed wire around Michael’s belly, and he clutched Dean’s hands and looked into his mate’s face for direction and assurance.  Dean counted him through it then talked him into a relaxed state.  Michael’s eyes were glassy with fatigue and pain.  His painkillers were about to need renewing.  Michael shook April’s hand weakly to remind her to pick her story back up.
“You can, at need, build a campfire, can you not?”
“You didn’t try,” he accused angrily.  “You witnessed everything Cas did, and he watched it and learned from it, while you…”
Alpha.
Cas chuckled, his eyes crinkling.  For a straight man, Adam had no more defense against the allure of the Dominant Omega than Jody had.  Some things, once-in-a-lifetime things, you just had to experience for yourself if the opportunity arose.  “That’s not a very confident yes, Omega.  Are you certain?”
She sent a firm wave of what confidence she was feeling through to Castiel whose nerves had been stringing tighter, more antsy in his seat. Everything was fine. She was fine. Just breathe. All she could do was try, and in the end, she would walk out still breathing. They couldn’t eat her.
Michael’s snarling increased in volume and intent, and he thrust his hips downward, seeking completion, even as his wolf dodged.
“Let me handle this,” he told Michael.  “Pull over.  I’ll talk to him.  It’s probably someone I know.  Don’t panic.  We’ll be fine.  It’s just a speeding ticket.”
“You don’t have to explain to us. This is between you and Cas, Dean,” Michael protested.
“I will, if that’s what you want.  You have to tell me what to do though.  What do you need, Gabe?”  She squatted down on the floor beside him and began to assist when his fingers tried awkwardly to remove her loose blouse.
It wasn’t on Crowley to produce an alternative to Novak. That was the Board’s job. Christ, what a clusterfuck! The only suitable candidate wasn’t even going to fight back? What had the world come to?
Jake chuckled and swallowed.  “Is there time to do it again?” he asked hopefully.
“Am I that transparent?” Dean asked when he realized Cas was waiting him out.
“I can do that.”
Bye Gordon.  Good riddance.  I kinda hope Alistair and Ruby joined up with him after Cas fired them.  That would be awesome.  Unfortunately, they haven't recovered many bodies from the rubble yet.
He huffed, looking at the coat in his hand.  “Anyone else would have laid it across my shoulders,” he remarked.  “I’m Omega, you see.”
Michael shook his head and checked his phone again.  According to the little list to the side, he was trending.  Michael was trending on Twitter.
Michael’s confidence grew as he spoke.  He was seeing the issue from a Top’s perspective, so he managed to touch on all the points Castiel had been hoping to hear.  The problem was that he couldn’t be punished as a Top.  He was in the wrong headspace.  Castiel wanted him Omega, so he turned the matter over to his leashed wolf.
Dean laughed a watery huff, and clung to his husband.  “We did it, Cas.  I didn’t really believe we would, but we did.  I love you so much.  I’m gonna be so good to you.”
Hank grinned and agreed.  It was a date, and he beamed up at Sam who was trying to clean the eggs off his face.  Cas turned back to Jess, discussing the potential legal ramifications of Sam’s decision to skirt the law in his classroom.  Jess looked at it as a puzzle to be worked apart and fitted back together, and she didn’t miss that Dean was listening to every word from his end of the table with a telling smirk on his face.
Cas wondered about penitence.  He’d stood still for his punishment, even if it was pointless, and he stood stillish even now.  Anyone passing through the foyer would see him, looking like a toddler in the middle of toilet training, with his shirt that stopped near his waist and nothing covering his nether regions.  Punishments were supposed to encourage him to change his behavior so that he wouldn’t find himself in this position again.  But, somehow, this one only made him angry.  And the clincher was, he really wasn’t grateful to all those assholes anyway.  None of the crap that people sent him, ostensibly for Christmas, but really more so that Zachariah would notice their “generosity” and want to do business with them, was ever anything worth having.  Cas didn’t know any of them.  And he didn’t want their stupid presents.  If people wanted to do business with his father, they should just call him up and tell him they wanted to do business with him.  He wondered if any of them would be sorry they sent the sons of Zachariah Novak Christmas gifts that indirectly got them walloped, if they knew.  Probably not.  No one cared much about the fate of pups.
“Happy birthday,” Dean offered the boy, who beamed at him.
They descended the stairs together.
“Is that a fact?” Rufus looked up to the waitress as she approached and ordered two coffees and a Monday special, hold the bacon. “You eatin’?” he asked Dean.
Jo felt torn between giving him the privacy he would have wanted if he was in his right mind and sticking by her friend. If she had been in that much pain, she wouldn’t want to be left alone in a strange house. She opted to stay in the room, but stand gracelessly off to the side, not really looking at him, but incapable of completely looking away. The woman was gone. Jo hoped she’d gone out to flag down Dean’s mom. Jo watched, transfixed, as Dean shouted again and came once more, adding another dose of semen to the bedspread to drip onto the carpet. He stilled and cried softly before starting the same routine up again. In no time a third dose painted the delicate blue flowers.
“You’re right.”  Dean turned his attention back to the Omegas.  “They re-drew the chart for his Alpha rating.  ABO is based on empirical data.  It is objective and indisputable.  It’s based entirely on numbers.  If the numbers go off the chart, then the chart itself has to change.  You with me?”
Michael licked his lips and rocked slightly in consternation. “Did I hurt you? Did I … bite you?”
“That a girl,” Rowena smiled, blowing across her cup and heading back to her tiny office.  Passing Mark in the archway, she winked.  The worry lines tracing his eyes didn’t ease.  He stood vigil, silently watching the young woman through the window.
Dean’s phone buzzed again, and he groaned and reached for it, scrolling through the texts and images Michael had sent, frowning. “What the…?”
Cas smirked. “You’re a handful when you’re pushing, Pet. Don’t worry. I’m going to take care of you tonight. You and April, both. No point heading into a Rut without letting off some steam.”
Cas sighed a little dramatically.  “All right!  Spare us the melodrama, Michael.  You’re not the only option she’s got, and to simplify things, I wouldn’t have approved it anyway.  You’re dead right.  She needs a professional manager.  You’re a bright man, but you’re not qualified to be a music industry business manager.”
Because they were married?
Castiel took a moment for himself to let those words wash through him, fill him to completion, fulfill his wolf and steel his muscles.
Max went on. “Look, I know what goes on in the big Traditional packs. Packs with multiple generations in one compound, with multiple bloodlines all under the same roof. You guys can’t hide that shit from those of us on the street. You’re not sending your own sons and daughters into their first real Heat with an unbroken hymen. You don’t advertise it, but you allow nature to take its course behind your big iron gates. If it doesn’t, and the clock’s running down, you take care of business yourselves. It’s not the Omegas from big, rich packs who showed up at your clinic last week in danger of burning up. And damnit, I don’t have an issue with the way you do it. Your Omegas are groomed from the moment they Present. They’re taught and trained and they know their own bodies. They know what to expect, and they get the chance to experience sex somewhere safe with someone they trust; with someone who cares about them like family. They get to do it outside of their Heat. They get a mentor, not a fucking rapist.” Max chewed on his lip for a moment, clearly gauging how fervent he should get.
“Can I see?”  Her eyes sparkled with cheeky enthusiasm.  Jo knew how to draw Dean out.
“Go talk it over with Cas,” Michael instructed.  “I won’t stand in your way.  Don’t let me stand in your way, Dean.  Not ever.  That’s not the kind of relationship I want.”  His stomach gurgled under Dean’s ear, and the alpha sighed and pushed himself up.
Cas stroked her clitoris with quick easy flicks, enough to make her breath catch, just before another forceful pinch to her nipple and another ten hard slaps to her ass.  She quieted on his lap at an internal cue he fed her through their bond, and he grimaced a little as he applied himself diligently to putting her control to the test.
“I didn’t know that!”
Dean took Michael’s head between his palms and leaned down over him.  “Yeah.”
“Yes, Alpha.”
“I see a kink in your plan now, Alpha.”
“All right. I’ve said my piece.”  Sam began to leave, but Cas put a hand gently on his shoulder and stopped him, surprising both of them.
“Kate? Sweetheart, what is it?” Cas asked her, perplexed and vaguely alarmed.
“I disagree,” Jody replied coolly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, Sir,” said Dean.  “I trust you, Alpha.”
“It’s all you’re going to get.  Don’t press.  You know well that there are times and circumstances that require me to skirt the standard pathways.”
“I thought I could do this, but I can’t! I can’t take care of four pups and keep my music going at the same time! I can’t do it! I’m so fucking tired, no matter how much I sleep, and I’m hungry all the time, and I feel like there’s always more to do, more that
***************
“It’s like you said, man. I want you happy.” Dean spoke resolution into his bonds.
“Um, I’m not really sure,” Dean admitted, seeking input from Cas at the other end of the table.  Cas tilted his head in thought and then shrugged.
“Michael…”
“You’re going to be okay,” Dean promised. “It’s not as fucked up as it seems right now. We can help you, I swear. You don’t have to go back there when this is over. But first, we need to get your Heat under control. You ready?”
A month’s absence for a Honeymoon on the horizon that overlapped Jo’s Mating moon, Dean and Jo both out of pocket at the same time, not to mention that Dean was still slogging through some of the work backlog from his own time off with Michael, the countdown clock was running low.  There was still research data that Dean was close to giving up as opportunity lost since he kept shoving its review to the bottom of his priority list.  He couldn’t afford to echo Michael into a break right now, much as he wanted to.
“What are we doing?” Michael asked as he trailed his mate. Michael grew weary as the night waned and dawn loomed heavy, but Dean seemed spry.
It was massive, but it was a home.
Michael’s jaw ticked with tension. He pulled his knees back up in front of him and folded his arms across them, leaning forward. He looked back at April, searching for what to say. April turned her body to face him and block out the pups a bit. She crossed her legs in front of her and held Michael’s eyes.
Beethoven. Why the fuck hadn’t she gone with Beethoven? Her mind skittered over into his comfortable embrace even as her fingers continued with Chopin. Fuck Chopin. Chopin wasn’t fit to lick Beethoven’s boots.
“Quiet, please!” Cas called clearly.  He hadn’t spoken all that loudly, but his voice cut through the hubbub like a guillotine. “Quiet.  Thank you.  We’ve got one critical alpha/Omega Claim to take care of this evening before we eat, and so that needs to happen now as we’re evidently expecting a slew of guests in the next few minutes.  Cain, April, come with me.  Dean, you too.  Everyone else, please refresh your drinks and enjoy yourselves.  We won’t be long.”
“Shh,” Dean cut him off.  “You helped with way more than just the outline.  You and your overwhelming wolf dragged me to the deepest part of my Tertiary and pinned me there.  For months.  Made me learn a whole new way to access myself.  Made me fight for it.  Taught me I have the power to do that.  That wasn’t Cas, Michael.  That was you.  I wouldn’t be the guy I am now if I hadn’t Mated you.  And I kinda like who I am now.  So shut up and let me dedicate a book to you.”
His phone buzzed in his pocket. That would be Dean. He was late to his own lunch meeting.
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Cas? Alpha?” she whimpered. “Can you come get me? I need you.” She began to sniffle without warning, and she blinked back tears that hadn’t been there the moment before.
the deadline, and give me a fucking break!”  He sat back and downed half of his beer in one go.
The coach pulled out of the gravel drive a mere five minutes later, and it wound its way to the interstate with a cargo of family, all in varying degrees of excitement, stress, and puzzlement, the ultimate Omega still mum to the confused questions from her suitor, but accommodating to his warm spooning embrace and resigned to the fact that once she’d slept, she owed him a serious discussion about a shift in dynamics.
They weren’t finished talking about it yet. Dean wasn’t planning to budge where Michael’s safety was concerned, but Michael had some valid points. Part of Dean wanted to castigate Cas for being party to this foolishness, but Dean hadn’t really made his instruction clear. Michael was right that Dean had put completely opposite statements on the table. He’d promised Michael he could make these choices for himself. Dean meant to keep that promise, but he also meant to stick fast on the point that he needed to know when, where, and with whom Michael planned to go public. No more ambushes, even ones that made him feel like
“Nate, we need to talk.”
“Of course, Alpha.  Thank you for your hospitality.  I won’t disappoint you.”
“I don’t know,” Jess admitted.
“Ouch. That was stupid. What made you do something that dumb?”
“I should talk to him,” Michael posed, almost like a question.
He could wait.
Billie strolled assertively through her domain, with its tall glass exterior, crystalline blocks sparking in the sun, and it’s sleek inner styling, checking in here and there to get a sense of the prevailing ambience of the place, its daily zeitgeist, if that was a thing. With Castiel out for his cycle, people’s moods might well be thrown out of whack. She lent a steadying hand in a couple of classrooms. She made a peremptory circle through the lunchroom, touching shoulders and chatting briefly, backing up a discipline situation that showed indications of needing support, wandered through the main lab. Things appeared stable overall. And Billie was pleased. The Facility was finally beginning to accept that Cas, while he would always be their Alpha, was no longer their Director. He had taken a much larger role, directing the full national organization. It wasn’t that the staff didn’t respect Billie, but with Cas still headquartering in Lawrence, it was hard to make the transition, mentally. He was just so
“Then we’re agreed,” Castiel finalized with a sturdy tap of his pen.  “Bela Talbot transfers to Boston under Jim Murphy.  Jonathon Miles stays on in Dayton and selects his own assistant in his own time, and Victor Henrickson keeps his Directorship provided Pamela Barnes accepts the role of Assistant Director under him.  I’ll speak to Pam this afternoon.  Billie, please assume she will accept and get preliminary documents drawn up for a posting to replace her here.”
“This whole thing is stupid, Charlie.  Forget it.  I’m not huffing strangers.  I had my shot at the guy I want, and he never wanted me back.  I’m done.”  Meg got up and helped herself to considerably more than a double.  Charlie sighed and took the bottle away, leaving the Sub her drink and a firm look that she wasn’t getting any more on a work night.
The door to the garage slammed accompanied by scuffling and moaning. Cas staggered in carrying April with one hand around her back and one under her ass, their faces smashed together, eyes closed. Her legs wrapped around his waist. The smell alone brought everyone’s heads up, attention riveted. Blindly, Cas worked his way into the kitchen on bare feet with his shirt already missing. He stumbled toward the island. He set April’s backside on it and pulsed his hips into hers with both arms holding her tightly.
Sam ate lunch in the dining hall with Sarah.  They both worked slowly through their lunches, one-handed and awkwardly, a pup nestled into the crook of each of their left arms.  Sam had tried to insist he didn’t need help.  He could feed the twins in their stroller or one-at-a-time, but Sarah’s eyes lit up when Jess stopped by to drop them off while she snuck out for a meeting at work that she shouldn’t skip.
Jack snickered as they passed each other.
It’s an aspect of some Profound Dominants’ repertoire that we don’t utilize very often.  It takes a great deal out of us, so we only use it when we must.  It involves catching hold of the metaphysical aura around each wolf and funneling our energy directly inside that space.  The echoes come from the way a wolf’s aura serves as a bubble for the soundwaves.  The more wolves involved in the projection, the louder the reverberations.”
Dean cleared the logjam from his throat.  “I’m fine, Sir.  I apologize for my behavior.  There’s no excuse for hesitating to obey like that.  I…uh…I’m ready for your, um, for your decision, I guess.  You want me over the bed, Sir?”  Dean began to turn and lay his body out for his Dom, but Castiel shifted forward and stayed him with a hand on his shoulder.
“On your hands and knees, Dean.  Slow and easy.  Just take it with you.”
“We didn’t act like that,” Michael put in.
Sam popped him twice then in quick succession, and Kyle skipped up to his tiptoes with a shrill, “Five!”
“You…you want me to drive?”  Castiel frowned.
***************
“Bye, Sam!”  Dean hung up the phone and turned to Cas. “How’d he know about the bruises on my ass?”
“Fine.  Whatever.”
Jenn stood stock still in the middle of the sidewalk with her eyes nearly closed, sniffing the wind, casting for something traceable. Cain pulled up the geo app on his phone and set it to searching for April’s phone.
Dean jogged up a couple of steps, following Michael.  “And then we’re going to go to the shelter to choose a dog?”  His tone was light, but everyone knew he was testing the pressure level in the room.
“Well, yeah.  It’s disclosed in the fee structure.  No one has to stay here.  If you don’t want to feed battered women and children, stay somewhere else.”
“You can’t be serious!” Kaitlynn was *shocked*.  “Hot?!  How is this not a clear-cut case of spousal rape?!  Look at him struggle!”
She chuckled. “You wouldn’t have let us go.”
“Thank you, Congresswoman. From here, all we’ll be doing is talking. I intend to keep it short. I know this is difficult for you.” Pam scribbled shorthand notes while she spoke.
Dr. Harvelle was flustered and searching around the desk where she kept her forms, but didn’t come up with anything.  She didn’t meet Benny’s eye.  He resumed, “Did you send Sam into a test with Alpha’s True-Mate with no instructions?”
“Yeah, keep talking like that.  He’s about over his grace period where he’ll take a cheeky attitude from an Omega and not bust your ass for it.”
Dean laughed. “Don’t listen to him, Baby. He doesn’t understand us.” To Michael, he said, “It’s really not that kind of a relationship, Michael. Your spot is safe. I promise not to throw you over for a Chevy. Good enough?”
Cas made a resigned face as if he’d been considering the idea, and April laughed and swatted his shoulder. “So?” she posed. “Did I earn a reward?”
“I do,” Cas allowed. “We both value stability, Uriel.” Cas let a pause in the conversation emphasize that both Alphas were busily reading the other’s scent. “I’ll have the champagne on ice. You won’t regret this. She’s perfect for you, she and Helene, both.”
“What happened to that one?” Claire’s voice came out of nowhere.  She was shepherding Omegas, but her eyes were on Krissy.
Shit.
“If I sense you forcing yourself through a wall, I’m not going to go along.”  Maybe not everything, then.
“Baby, Michael’s okay. He’s safe. Everything you’re seeing is delusion. I need you to trust me, and come back up to the surface.”
Benny looked askance from his best friend, to the stage, and back again.  He leaned in close.  “Dean’s right about you.  You’re a Mob boss.  Don’t bother denying it.”
“Eight!”
“I’m ready when you are.  I can’t think of any reason to deny it.  I’m proud to be your fiancé, Dean.”
She herded Jody and Michael away from the stairs and the glass and the doors and the signs, but Michael stood his ground.  “Pete’s out there,” he whispered.  “Oh, god.”  Dread filled him as he stretched out through his link with April and found a muted, stilted, vibrating spasm of worry on the other side.  She was close.  She was outside.  She wasn’t safe, that much he knew.  But only one clear thought echoed hollowly in his head: his last words to April had been snippy, childish and mean.  Michael felt his face drain of blood as his fingers turned numb.
“Standing right here, guys!” Dean protested again.
Cas pulled April onto his lap at the tiny table in the corner.  She played idly with his hair.  “They’ll be five months behind Michael’s pup,” she told him.  He pressed his face into her shoulder and rubbed firmly into her soft belly.
Michael frowned.  Dean told him that their attempt to repress the wolf had been the cause of some of his strife, and now the Alpha seemed to want it bottled again.  “I’m very confused, Alpha.”
No words required.
“He knew about that from the start, didn’t he?”
Gabriel sat naked on Bobby’s exam table, swinging his bloodied legs.  Castiel had cleaned him up somewhat in the car, switching places with Michael so that he could work on the wounds while Dean drove, but there were so many, and Gabriel insisted they couldn’t afford to stop long enough to really dress the minor ones.
“And do you still need that? Closure?”
“You offering?”
Had Michael been more than a few days from Tripping into Heat, his wolf would never even have tried to maintain his position, but it wasn’t getting out of the way, even in place on the Alpha’s knee, a position he wanted nothing to do with as his backside burned and turned redder and redder. His erection flagged as the burn intensified. Cas pulled his own wolf up and growled into his strokes. The wolf’s voice wasn’t Castiel’s, and he spoke directly to Michael’s nineteen.
Benny’s eyes weren’t speaking challenge at the moment though, so Ketch let it go. He took the keys in a sweep of his hand and took the driver’s position without comment. Benny trotted around and got in the passenger side.
“There’s no way you could know this, but that’s an extraordinarily personal and uncomfortably presumptuous question.  A Lupin wouldn’t dream of asking another wolf that.”
The feeds were all in place, running through the tunnels to a carefully hidden trigger beside the closed circuit monitor, and they were waiting on the all clear, waiting on just the right moment.  Claire sighed while Ash dozed.  Getting everyone out of the building who wasn’t a target had been a master stroke in itself.  Carefully laid tips and hints to just the right cronies in just the right way and at just the right time made it clear that incriminating evidence would soon come to light if the wrong person stumbled upon it first.  Critical secrets would be unearthed by the wrong wolves at any moment, and it sent Gordon into a frenzy.  He cleared the campus of all students, innocent staff and clients, and set only his most trusted employees tearing the place apart for whatever those carefully laid tips and hints were meant to lead them to.  He thought he was protecting his interests against someone who had carelessly left evidence where it didn’t belong.  When Gordon himself uncovered the bombs deep in the belly of the basement, it was too late.
“I’m scared, Fred!”
“You’re so young, Kitten. And you have so much potential. I can wait. Baby, I can wait.”
“I want more than that, man.  Can I have more?”
Michael’s big confession would have to wait.  Dean sipped his beer and watched Cas poke his head into all the nooks and crannies of the little house.  It needed to be suitable for an ex-Congresswoman
“Because that’s how it
“Tell me what to do, Pete.”
“Margaret?” he called, following her out of the car.  She was already headed into the house.
“Manipulating people is unkind at the very least,” he told her.  “I want you to be straight with her.  You did well today.  You needed help, and that’s fine, but you spoke to her out front, not through manipulative tactics.  Keep doing that.  Consistency is the key, April.  Matt and Mark will back you up.  Maybe call a business meeting where the three of you all work to explain it to her together.  She may be pushy, but you’re more stubborn, and you don’t owe her your submission.  Don’t give in to her.  It’s not her career.  It’s yours.  In your relationship with her, you are not an Omega.  You are not a Submissive.  You are the boss.  You are
“Good. Keep your mind tangled in it. I want you in the corner, thinking. Twenty minutes.”
She ignored that it was a stupid question.  He was shocked and hurt, as she’d known he would be.
Dean nodded, but then he shook his head.  “And then what?  You just sacrifice yourself again and again?  Don’t you matter too?  Don’t I?  Where does Michael fit?  Do you know how he feels about you?”  It was a risky question, but Dean didn’t plan to reveal anything she didn’t know already.
That had probably been a step too far without any prior discussion, but Dean had borne it beautifully, and Cas had followed Dean’s lead.  It hadn’t been a flight really, not a fun one, but Dean had tells when he was on the track he needed, and even into a dark tunnel like last night, Dean’s body was the guide.  Cas took a deep breath and stood back up.
“Not my point,” Dean answered.
“All due respect, sir,” Michael broke in. “That incident with the kitchen table? He deliberately stoked you by aiming darts at Pete. He knew you’d be more upset that he stole her knee-pillow than that he launched your family’s breakfast table.”
Michael washed a head of broccoli in the sink.  “Would you ‘play’ with me tonight, Dean?  I’d like to do some experimenting on your stamina; find out where your limits are and what you respond to.”
Dean closed his eyes, wrinkling his brow in worry.  “I’m going to paddle you, Pet.  Your misbehavior is unacceptable, and you owe me twenty.  We discussed punishment in our preliminary talks, and you agreed to accept whatever punishment I see fit.  Well, this is what I see fit, and it’s what you’re getting.  Hold onto the bars and don’t you dare move.”  Dean didn’t know when Cas had time to select a paddle, but he certainly had one.  He hit Dean hard enough to lurch his body forward a bit, and Dean grunted in surprise and pain.
“At the loss of his father, Zachariah turned even more deeply inward.  He was never overtly unkind, that I saw, but he was cold.  His business sense and his need for order commanded most of his attention.  And his mother was still Alpha, of course, but Zachariah took over most of the Pack business, day to day.  He promoted me to Head Butler, and he assumed control of the various business initiatives.  He left Naomi to her own devices, which mostly meant making social connections and planning parties that neither Gertrude nor Zachariah attended more than they had to.”
“Yes, inconsistent. Unfair. Preferential. It’s favoritism, I admit. Kitten, I’m hardest on you because I love you more.”
Castiel leveled that look at him.  It was
“Do you need to come, Dean?” he asked, stroking with the motion of their bodies. Dean breathed out fast and shallow, but mutely he shook his head.
, not for in here.  In here, I’m your partner and your mate and your Sir.  I will give you however many children you desire.  I will dedicate my life to making you happy and building a Pack with you.  I love you, alpha.  I love you so fucking much.”
“Why do I feel this way, Dean?” Michael sobbed, clinging to the alpha. “I hate being Omega! It’s not right for me. I can’t…” He couldn’t continue speaking, so he shoved the knot of tangled emotions through the Mating-bond and into Dean’s lap in a twisted pile. The demand was clear,
“SIX!”
“You worry too much, Talbot.”  Crowley touched the button at his arm rest and spoke into the intercom.  “Stop by that street taco place.  I need sustenance.”
She was so close to begging that the ‘please’ was already formed in her mouth when he shoved in with a hearty grunt of effort, led by his wolf, and perceived by hers as a full Claiming thrust, and his grip on her shoulder cinched in hard.  “Come for me, kitten,” he whispered right in her ear, and the two of them toppled as one, echoing into each other in a way that reverberated long after the pulsing rhythm dissipated and their bodies went still.
“I know very little about it, Dean.  We’ll look into it together when we get home.”
Damnit.
“That,” Cas chided, letting Dean pull him up. “Is entirely inappropriate. Behave yourself or I’ll tell your mate you’re spying on him.”
“No one uses the word ‘Dawdle,’ in America, Arthur,” he said as he climbed out. He grabbed a towel, slung it around his hips, and trotted into the cool main floor of the Guest house, hurrying a little regardless.
“Well, I’m under no such restrictions.”  Benny rummaged through the tiny pantry and emerged with a partially emptied bottle of the good stuff.  He pulled down three juice glasses from the cupboard and poured a generous portion out for each of them.  “Here,” he said, handing Castiel a glass.  “Drink.  No objections.  Just drink.”
“That’s it, sweetie!  Great job!  We’ve got a head all the way out now.  Just be still for me and breathe for a sec.”  The nurse and the doctor switched places, working efficiently to support the wet, slimy head and suck sticky fluid from the pup’s tiny nose and mouth.
“Why wait until noon, then?” Michael asked, looking up at his mate. “Why not send for me?”
“Me?! YOU’RE the one who traumatized him.  You be supportive.”
It was a strong name for an angelic visage.  He was beautiful.  His body was young and sculpted.  Dean’s cock, hard and leaking as it had been for hours, twitched.  Michael stood at the doorway, his head tucked low, but his eyes hard and cold on Dean’s face.  Golden-rimmed eyes.
I promise to catch up on comments as I can.  I'm reading them, I promise, and they still mean the world.  I LOVE the feedback and the interaction.  Like, seriously, I think it's an addiction.
“Of course, Dean.”
“Outside.  Picnic table,” Dean told him.
“April said it would be a nice surprise,” Rachel said from behind him.
Michael groaned and rolled onto his back.
“I wish I could make it Thursday, Dean,” Jonathon replied.  “But Crowley scheduled a staff meeting for Friday morning at ten.  I can’t reschedule it, and I can’t miss it.”
“Oh, but soft!  What fair young maiden comst hither?” Dean crooned, taking April’s hand.
Dean rolled his eyes, but he slid off Cas’ lap and pulled Castiel to his feet.  The Alpha had allowed Dean to make the deal for him.  He’d committed to giving them a full month, and he meant to honor that, but he really couldn’t continue for another two weeks without a fix.  Cas was addicted to Dean, despite being Mated, and no one else would do.  “Come on, Alpha.  You know you wanna,” Dean teased him as he led him to the room he’d shared with Michael and closed the soundproof door.
“I believe there is ‘discipline’ underway.  I believe alpha Dean is involved.  Some of the shouting sounds like him.”
“Thank you, Sir.  I’m done.  I feel better.”
She frowned and laid her head on the pillow, looking blankly at the far wall. “We brought Cain in so I would have a Pack alpha to lean on.”
Cas held him through it, his face pressed hard against Dean’s neck, his arms offering no slack. Dean screamed himself hoarse, struggling in Castiel’s grip.
“With the state of my ass right now?  You wanna put me on a bike?  Sadist.”
“And we’re going to keep it that way,” Michael told him, nudging his hip to the side to give Michael room to swing.
“Pardon the interruption, ladies.  I’m taking my leave.  Do either of you require anything before I go?”
Kali laughed happily as she turned his sticky ass pink.  The man somehow touched all the places that made her light up.  She didn’t wait for him to call enough.  If left to his own, he’d let her go for hours.  She turned his ass sore enough to carry him through the night, and then she stopped and coated it with a slick layer of honey.  She buried two of her fingers deep in his channel and stroked his prostate with one hand while stroking his cock with her other.  She had no idea what was lubricating her work anymore, but it seemed to be up to the challenge.  It surprised neither of them that her bluff to make him wait for satisfaction with her was just that – a total bluff.
Cas laughed good-naturedly. “Balthazar, if I made you wait all evening for one turn, I have no doubt you’d be gone before the second round of drinks is served. It’s a party, Omega. Enjoy yourself. Enjoy each other. Don’t break anything. Don’t put yourselves into a state that will hinder your functionality at work on Monday. I will have no patience for lingering hangovers or shared STD’s.”
“Don’t do that again, my love.  Understand?”
April tried not to laugh.  It was loud and effusive and everything Castiel usually despised, but she felt nothing but affection and amusement through the bond from him, and she couldn’t help smiling as well.  Her smile vanished when the Primate man in sequins and stilettos grabbed her by the hand and launched her nearly airborne to get her backstage, declaring her ensemble completely unacceptable.
Friday, May 5, 2017
“No, Alpha,” April responded softly.  “I’m sorry.”
Michael buried his face in his hands, thinking fast.  He huffed an ironic laugh.  “It doesn’t matter.  I’m fucked either way.
“Pop, we need to talk.”
Stupid, stubborn fucker, Cas thought, of his obstinate brother on the last waves of his consciousness.  Why hadn’t he taken the offered alpha contractor in the first place?  Gabe was begging for a strap…  And Cas had been oblivious until he checked his messages on a lucid moment to find a cryptic note from Dean that Gabe’s temperature seemed unreasonably high for this point in his Heat, and that maybe the lack of an alpha was causing him problems.  Lack of an alpha should never have been necessary.  Gabe knew better than that.  Sure, it was possible to struggle through a Heat without alpha intervention sometimes, but the Omega knew well the danger signs of a hard Heat.  He knew better than to try to push past if his fever flared.  Too, he knew Cas would be right across the hall with a cycling Omega of his own and damned certain to be producing more ejaculate than she needed.  He’d never been stingy about providing for his brother.
If Jenn was drunk at six-thirty, Nick was behind it. Cain had no doubts. Her wily Ozzie needed his alpha out of the way, and that meant that he intended to abscond with Cain’s Ozzie as well. There was no chance Nick meant to leave April behind. He saw himself as April’s mentor, although he was far more a Huck Finn to April’s Tom Sawyer. Whichever way Cain looked at it, it spelled trouble.
He felt happy.  Astoundingly, satisfyingly, permanently, irrevocably happy.
Dean narrowed his eyes at Cas who smiled sweetly at him and rolled back to his belly, flinched, and then moved out of the wet spot.
Adam moaned and squirmed in the ties, pulling on them because it felt good to tug.
He nudged her softly, and he felt her return a sad resignation.  He sent her a bolstering squeeze.  He wasn’t about to let Dean’s brat steal critical time away from April.  She needed her mate, and she would get him, just as he’d planned.  He had room enough for both of them.  He would
A barrage of discomfort and dread fell unceremoniously through the bond. “You already know all of this, Dean. I’m not hiding anything.”
Viscous red dribbled stickily down the far wall, pooling along the baseboard, melding with puddles to the left and right.  The man panted heavily, leaning against his own thighs, arms braced and trembling.  His chest heaved with exertion and fury.  Adrenalin, fast waning now that they all lay motionless in heaps upon the cold concrete floor, set his limbs shaking.  His lip twitched.  His cheek spasmed.  The flesh along the bridge of his nose crinkled as his face continued to convulse in uncontainable rage.  Red eyes flicked from one bundled heap to the next, watching for movement.  He took stock.  The two in the corner had had their throats crushed.  The big one on the other side of the room was leaking greyish pink brain matter onto the floor – clearly, that was where all the blood had come from.  And the three scattered evenly between the door and where Castiel stood panting had all been dispatched with one pistol shot each, aimed surgically to destroy the musculature of their hearts – one shot each to the chest.
“Thank you for your trust, Submissive.  We’ll get started.  Please finish your drink slowly while I talk.  Don’t interrupt.  If you have any questions, save them for me.  I will answer anything you ask me, but I want to finish speaking first.”  Dean nodded and sipped his water.  His hands still shook a little.  Fred was nowhere to be seen.  He’d taken Dean’s belongings somewhere deep into the house and disappeared.
Once it was stowed, she pulled two bottles of juice and Castiel’s favorite protein bars from the fridge.  Approaching the bed again, she stopped when the Alpha started to growl at her.  This kind of possessiveness was common from several of the alphas on staff, but she’d never seen Cas do it before.  She stood completely still, her eyes down.  After a minute or two of tension, Cas’ hunger and thirst seemed to rear their objections.
Castiel lay awake and worried far into the night; long after his knot slipped free and let his come dribble messily out of Dean’s ruined hole.  Dean moaned in his sleep and pushed his ass back against Cas as if to reclaim what he’d lost.
“It’s a little late to be asking that now, man,” Dean pointed out with a soft kiss.
The look on Cain’s face could’ve frozen a river at full flood, but Dean’s was colder. “Do it. Now.”
Patience, Grasshopper.
“Don’t wear a mask when it’s just you and me, Pete.  Please?  I want to see the real you.”  He touched her cheek again and then tucked a lock of her hair behind her ear, turning it into a caress.
“Don’t tell me you need me to explain biological mandates to you, doctor.  Michael’s twenty-three years old.  He’s older than Omegas usually get without having at least one pup, and it’s eating away at him.  You can’t feel it, man, but I can.  And I’m almost thirty.  Alpha, most wolves don’t spend their whole adult lives on birth control like we do.  You know what that means?  It means they get knocked up when they Mate – most of them.  Babies show up exactly seven months after a standard, non-Facility-regulated True-Mate encounter.  And they all fucking make it work!  This is not Calculus!   Aren’t you the one who always says that?!”  Dean took a calming breath and then pressed on.
“It’s just a country song, Dean.  You forget where I came from.”
“Sam,” said Sarah, stopping him with a hand on his arm.  “She really did help me a great deal.  Hearing it in layers that way may have been the best way through where I was stuck.  There are just so many layers.  I’ve been picturing a Lupin’s psyche as tri-part, each a separate segment, and each mostly independent of the others.  Jess’ psyche unfolds in layers like an onion, and I’m not sure she has a lot of control over how she accesses the deepest ones.  I think that speaks to the hypothesis in and of itself.  Please don’t be too hard on her.  She helped me a great deal.”
“That’s what I thought it said,” Ketch replied, still speaking in an auditorium voice.  “Never hurts to check that they didn’t alter the wording.”
“Um, it’s uh, private, apparently,” Cas replied quietly, drinking deeply from his mug. Benny laughed loudly.
“What are you going to do?  I have a family, Alpha.”
“Then are you sorry that you hurt her?”  Sam lowered his head until he and J.T. could both watch a sheepish Kat from the same level.
She risked a look up at him.  “Oh, yes, I am.”
thing to say in this situation, but that was probably as good as they could’ve done.
Bobby regarded the alpha that he sometimes still saw as a pup. He first met Dean as a boy through John Winchester, who had been a good friend once-upon-a-time. After John crumbled, Bobby watched Dean grow up much too fast, spending most of his after-school time in the piano bar that John favored for its proximity to his house and its smoky darkness. He knew Dean was only there to keep an eye on his father and help him make it home every morning after last call, but Bobby paid off the pianist to put a wing over Dean’s shoulders and teach him the basics of a standard blues riff. They were both surprised when Dean turned out to be a natural. Bobby was mostly certain that Dean never knew about the payout; never even knew Bobby was there.
It figured.
He was hot and big and driving and unstoppable. Kate gasped at every thrust. He snarled, gritting his teeth, his eyes brutal, so hard to hold.
Then there was fire everywhere.  Everything burned and ached.  The sting was intolerable, and it built and built and built until she screamed and lifted her feet right off the ground, pulling her body halfway across the table’s surface.  Every nerve fiber fired, and her bloodstream was flooded with so much adrenalin, she felt like she could fly.
“Um,” Dean feigned deep thought. “Well, in three weeks, you can pee on a stick.”
Her face turned from discomfort to frustration to anger in rapid turns, and her voice lifted above the crowd.
Michael’s balls ached with need as the light above the door turned green and the locking mechanism clicked. This is how they get people to go through with it despite their nerves, he surmised. Get them so turned on they will literally fuck anyone or anything on the other side of that door, and then let them loose. Dean could have told him that, could have explained better. Would’ve calmed him right down. He’d been imagining entering the room from a cold dead standstill and confronting someone who didn’t do it for him at all. And then what? But right now, he didn’t care if Mother Theresa was in that room. If she was, she was about to get plowed. Michael thrummed with need.
“Not really a fair question, was it? Sorry, kiddo. Just, please don’t. Fuck. What am I even saying?”  Dean lost himself in voicing his stream-of-consciousness. “I don’t want you in any trouble, and I don’t think it’s a good idea. That’s all.”
Dean spread his fingers wide and grasped Michael’s hips. He pressed his forehead between Michael’s shoulder blades. Sweat mingled and dripped down a fountain of three sculpted bodies to lodge in a dark stain on the couch. Dean sobbed, no longer capable of holding back the waterworks. He felt euphoric and agonized, righteous and wrong at the same time. Michael’s channel spasmed, stretching impossibly. Michael hyperventilated briefly, working through the pain. He adjusted his knees, forcing Dean and Cas both to press in deeper to stay seated, and Michael hissed.
“Dean,” April called from the archway. “Cas sent me. Charlie’s on the phone. Alpha’s office.”
“Why isn’t there a sentient, bipedal cat species, Cas?” Dean asked as Castiel helped him ease into his seat again.
Cain took only a moment to register his understanding.  His eyes lit as her vision took shape in his head.  “April, I believe that’s an excellent idea.”  He let his eyes dance as he thought about it, and he held up a finger in restraint.  “It’ll depend on your new song having enough weight to work against a Broadway anthem.  That’s no small feat.  It has to be powerful without competing.”
“I’ve got her, Gabe,” Cas said softly. “Go on back to the party.”
“Don’t make me insult you and piss you off just to get a…”  SWACK!  “Ouch!”
“There’s a ‘no unauthorized sex’ rule, and I broke it, Sir.”
“Back over,” Cas said, taking the switch from him.
“Did you know he could do that?” Dean asked carefully. He wasn’t at all sure he wanted to know the answer.
Dean grunted. The lunchroom cheered. The smell of arousal and excitement lifted the hair at the back of Dean’s neck.
Dean blushed again. “It looks stupid, sir. I’m a moron. God, I’m sorry. I fucked up so bad. Please don’t kick me out.”
Castiel,” Bobby growled, stepping out into the pitch black darkness outside the bunker.  Castiel followed more slowly.  The syndicate chose its council room well, a boon to the pair who’d used its hidden properties to their advantage.  The two were alone in the night.  “It was a necessary mission, and you implemented it with perfect clarity of purpose.  Don’t let your soft side play Monday morning quarterback now that the deed is done.  You HAD to kill those men, Castiel.  Someone had to.  You can write all the legislation you want, but no jail cell is going to stop the syndicates.”
“But you’re still going to tear up my ass,” Dean concluded.
the wheels in motion in his head.
“Fine,” Dean conceded. “I’m a dick. Now you and Michael have something to bond over.”
He nuzzled into her hair as their kiss broke.  “Baby, I’m sorry, but I can’t knot you for a while.  We need to be careful.  I don’t want to risk you catching before your Heat.  Heat can cause complications to an early pregnancy.  We have to wait.”
“No, Alpha,” she said breathily.  The waif was back.
Dean buried his face in both hands.
“NO! Goddamnit, I need you to pick up the pace!”
“Yes, he did,” interjected Ellen from the side of the table. “It’s really a Mommy-kink that Michael bent to fit himself. We knew Adam’s penchant. Of course, Michael didn’t before he went in there. It’s true that he unearthed it himself…in like three seconds.”
could only mean Dean, Michael, maybe even April too.  Did she mean the Lancets as well?  Probably.
“Who, Benny?”  Dean turned and followed his brother’s eyes.  “You let me worry about Benny.  He’s a teddy bear.”
“Arrange a flight to Kansas City for me,” he told his secretary. There was more than one way to corner his prey, and Crowley was through playing supplicant. He had one more untested avenue, but he’d have to be there in person to make it happen, and Jonathon Miles could kiss his ass.
“It’s scheduled, Cas.  We’re go for Thursday right after work.  Got our room reserved and everything.”
Cas glared at his brother.
“I’m not moving to Mongolia, Charlie.”  Jo took the chair next to Meg and touched her shoulder in solidarity.
“Hey, Fred!” called Dean.  “Make that an order for two!  We gotta handle a double this round!”  Fred acknowledged with a wave of his hand but didn’t slow.  Dean hung up and punched the button again.  It rang once, and then Castiel’s irritated voice answered.
He was a wolf.
“I dunno, Michael. There’s a lot we don’t understand yet about how Omega power works. We’ll have to wait on the data to fall into place, and then we’ll know more. Go get a shower and get dressed. We’ll get you taken care of. Hang in there a little bit longer.”
“Well, then, that’s what you need to work on first,” said Michael approaching his mate with his head lowered and his forehead wrinkled in concern.  His green eyes bored into Dean’s.  “Castiel has put a lock on me anyway.  We can’t play without his approval until he sees progress.  He wants us to practice under his supervision.”
He gasped and panted in surprise.  Was she saying what it sounded like she was saying?  He surged forward and kissed her hard.  He pressed into her soft, tired body and felt her surge up against him right back.
the wolf when he’s mindlessly lost in his own lust?  He could kill someone!
“I tried to destroy our marriage before we even had one,” said Dean in simple terms.
“Come to New York with me.  You do your thing with Nicholas while I’m doing mine with the corporate whores I have to pretend to respect.  Then we’ll go out.  You and me.  We’ll stay out all night and make headlines in the tabloids.  Come play with me, April.”
” the man growled.  He ripped his form in two and bundled his way through the crowd like a bulldozer.  Sam watched him go.  Some people just refused to be held accountable, and they had a much harder journey than those who allowed themselves to be molded.  The door slammed behind Josiah.
Dean laughed and kissed the side of Michael’s head. “And study for your psych test,” he added pointedly. “You hungry?”
“Hey, buddy.  I can smell you, you know.  I can feel you spinning.”  Dean’s voice broke through again, and Michael clung to it.  “You’re okay, sweet man.  I’ve got you.  You think I would let you down?  You’re my
“You’re a flirt,” Charlie told the pup seriously. “Charismatic little thing, isn’t she?” she posed to Michael who had Kat half naked on the changing table and was attempting to clean her bottom over her protests.
Ellen approved of the way April and Cas worked together.  She understood that an Omega as deeply submissive as April needed the extra attention and structure from moment to moment in a way that most wolves could never really fathom.  But she also knew that as long as April got that structure at home, she could successfully venture outside and make whatever she wanted of herself.  Ellen knew because she had done it.  Ellen wasn’t as submissive as April, but she’d also had to do it with infinitely less support.  She had her mate, for a while, until she lost him, and that had made all the difference.  But she wondered how much easier her road might have been if she’d had a full formal Pack behind her like April had.
Kali grunted in frustration, shifting forward to begin taking measurements again. “You’re both missing the point of this ceremony. It isn’t about Submitting. It’s about ownership. It really makes no difference whether the Omega submits or not. It’s not up to him. Or her,” she added quickly with a blush.
Dean and Michael were refreshed.  They’d napped, then Michael fucked his alpha, then they showered and napped again.  The house was still a little stinky, but no one cared really.  With this group, someone at some point during the evening was sure to add to the layers of sex fumes.  Both Dean and Sam put clean linens on their beds and placed another clean folded set close by.  They knew their crowd of friends well.
“Anything,” said the beta openly.
“Pete, why did he give us this today?  Is there something I need to know?”
A stern-faced Domme, clearly displeased, pointing her Submissive slave down onto his belly. Yeah, there was no doubt whatsoever—that one got Michael. His cock twitched and dribbled. A middle-aged man licking his partner’s asshole, pulling a streak of what was clearly feces along behind. Yikes! That one didn’t. Michael grimaced as much as he could with the gag stretching his lips.
Michael confessed, “I’m not sure how this is going to work. I don’t have a job or a degree. I got kicked out of college for being an asshole, and I don’t know what to do next. I’m too tired and wrung out to fight about it. But I know I want your pups. I want anything and everything you’ll give me, Dean.”
“What else do I not know that I need to?” Michael left off the honorific this time. He still couldn’t say the man’s name to his face, but Michael would be damned if he was going to give him another ‘Sir’ or ‘Alpha’ after that little speech.
Castiel was convinced too. After fighting it so hard for so many years, after seeing no way past this conundrum and repressing everything he felt for Dean for so long, his tiny teenaged mate entered his life and swept all his excuses to the side.
“Cas better make a hell of a speech tomorrow,” Billie mourned.
“He didn’t tell her his safeword?”
“I’m sorry!  OW!  I’m sorry, please!  SAM!  Please!  Ow, fuck!”
“No, son.  It isn’t either of those things unless you wield it badly.  And I believe you’ve discovered the source of some of your troubles.  Unless you come to terms with who you are and make peace with your wolf in all his glory, you’re never going to gain a controlling hand over him.”
Cas noticed that his legs were sporting chill bumps down both thighs, and he reached to the console between them to adjust the air. When he spoke, it was the gentlest Max had heard from an alpha, possibly in his life, and he froze in near panic at the uncertainty it engendered.
“Six weeks!?” Michael caught a sparkle in his mate’s eye, and he calmed. “Too long. What else have you got?”
“Not yet.  I wanted to run it by you first.  The way I see it, if you say no, it’s no.  I didn’t want to waste his time.”
April buried her face in her hands, and Cas changed tack.  “Sweetheart, this is just the first hard decision you’ll need to make along the way.  I need you to dig deep and find the confidence I know is in there.  I’ve heard you play.  You’re a natural.  Stop doubting yourself.  You can do this.”
Castiel needed to get off the street. Far worse than dodging empty beer cans and vulgar epithets was the unfortunate bulge in his trousers that he couldn’t suppress in time. He was mortified, shifting his knapsack around front uncomfortably, but the sound of loud repeated smacks from the street behind him accompanied by yowls of pain struck a powerful chord that made his blood sing. Castiel didn’t look back. He walked fast, ducking in the back door by the pool once he arrived home, dodging Fred, heading to his room and locking the door behind him.
See the end for spoilerish warnings.
“Now you’re just sucking up.”
She lifted her head and looked at him.  “I’m going to show him everything, Michael, and he’s not going to be able to tell who the targets of my affections are.  It will all register as love and affection without any indication whether it’s for him specifically.  So, the thing is, I have everything to lose and nothing to gain from an Omega perspective if I tell you this, but I’m telling you anyway because I want you to know.  I love you, Michael Quentin, and that’s not ever going to change.  Will you wait for me to grow up a little more?  I need to learn myself before I can be sure who I am when I come to you.  Will you wait?”
“Is this enough, Gabriel?”  Cas ran his fingertips over his brother’s skin to check the warmth.  Gabe flinched.
The man stood slack jawed.  All the fight in his muscles vanished at Michael’s vehemence.  His grip fell slack.  Slowly, he dropped to his knees.  Michael lunged forward and caught her up, bracing her.  “Are you all right?  I’ve got you, Pete.  Can you hold Alex?” he asked as he enveloped her in his arms and smoothed her hair.  “I may need my hands.”
Cas said, “Nothing but words, Dean.  You and Michael have my promise.  And it’s fine by me if you’re the one to execute the interviews.  Just the two of you, if that makes you more comfortable.”  Cas had his back to the door, and he stood statue still.  Dean’s resolve had watched one assertion after another fall by the wayside, and Cas knew this one hurt.
Dean’s brat was playing with him, teasing him, provoking him, and Cas stepped away from the door and gripped his neck in a tight hold.  Dean turned it up.  “How’s your mate this morning, Alpha?  She a little hard-worn?  Bruised?  You ride her hard and put her away wet?  You didn’t break her, did you?  Little thing like that could snap in half if you’re not careful.”
April half-smiled. “It makes up for a lot, Dean. But I’m still pretty beat. I’m not feeling as overwhelmed or hopeless anymore, but I’m still exhausted. Michael didn’t get much studying done today, I’m afraid. I needed him to take the pups, so he did that instead. And what with looking after me, pulling extra O-Pop duties, battling his wolf to the death, and Mating his girlfriend, I think he’s earned a pass on studying before dinner. He still has to pass the test though. Would you mind trading Doms with me tonight? Cas and I can feed and bathe the pups and get them down for the night if you’ll help Michael cram for his test tomorrow.”
“You taste so good, Baby Boy,” Dean told his mate, diving back in for another taste, shoving up with his feet for a better reach, pulling at their tie in a way that made them both moan and made Dean’s cock pulse another driving round of come home where it belonged. Michael whimpered and rounded up on his side just a bit, striving to keep Dean’s mouth on his own. “You gonna catch, Love? You gonna give me a pup? I wanna share a family with you so bad.” Dean’s eyes teared back up, and Michael couldn’t help joining him. Michael snuffled into the kiss and doubled down, opening to the alpha, and letting him in, letting him claim his prize.
“I need this from you, Dean.”  Michael’s soft voice in the darkness, the voice of his wolf backed by an urgency through their bonds, felt far more intimate a confession than anything they’d discussed so far.
“I’m not talking about showing him off and putting him in the firing line,” Benny protested.  “I’m talking about needing every pair of hands we’ve got available to us.  He doesn’t have to leave the Control room.  Sam tells me he’s a great coordinator, organizer, all that backroom logistical stuff.  Give him a clipboard and a schedule and put him under Charlie’s wing in the back.  Where’s the harm?  You said yourself he wants to help.”
“Yes, well, log it yourself.  I have my own kettle that’s boiling over.  Do you want me to brainstorm a couple of scenarios for changing the vote count?  I can send you something.”
“I don’t know what to do,” he whispered.  “Dean was so angry.  I don’t believe he loves me like that.  How can you be sure?”
It was iconic awkward Cas, but Dean wasn’t there to roll his eyes and call him a dork.
“Last time you experienced this fire,” Cas began again softly, noting the wrinkle between Dean’s eyes form as he braced himself for another tough question. “Who brought you out? Was it your father?”
“Yep.  I’m a nurse now.  I’m so excited Dean came here for his Mating.  That was amazing!”
Cas put his hands on Dean’s shoulders and sat him down in a chair at a long crowded table. Cas towered over him, making him crane his neck to look up. “None of that counts, Pet. Nice try. I take no issue whatsoever with your activities as a Heat-therapist, so that’s irrelevant, strangers or not. And as to your record. You stand at five. Five, Dean. Orgasms in the presence of Heat-scent do not count. They have never counted. Trying to cheat, however, that earns you ten right here. Hands on the wall.”
“Dean she did this to herself because I kicked her out, and she had no pack to support her. It’s the same thing your father…”
***************
“Chill out, Dean.  I know.”  Dale really was a good guy.  “The other option, and the reason you both have your licenses back, is you can request P.C.A., and I’ll take you home and turn you over to your Alpha.  The Omega will get a flag in the system against his license as a first offense, but it won’t include any details, and there won’t be any jail time.  I’m not stupid, boys.  I know which route you’re gonna take, but I had to lay out both options.  Thing is, for it to be legit, I have to witness your Alpha taking corrective measures.  You understand?”
Dean chewed his lower lip. “You’re asking me to flip from alpha to Sub and back again at lightning speed, C.J. Over and over again.”
“When I’m out here like this, it feels different.  It feels like I can do it.  It feels like I can make the calls I need to, but…When you pulled me under and told me I had until you turned into the drive to get myself off, I didn’t even hesitate.  I didn’t think of anything but making it happen.”
“It’s you,” he said.  “You’re writing your own declaration of self.  You’ve made a good start, but you’re right, it’s missing something.”
He looked up at her from where he’d been staring into his lap, and he took another sip of water, using the action to look away.
“NO!” Cas shouted. “You don’t control me any more than Bobby does! I’ll make my own fucking decisions, Benedict, and my decision takes Bobby’s answer into account. Shut the fuck up a minute! And leave my father out of it!” That last was an afterthought, and Cas couldn’t have explained where it had come from. He’d never felt the need to defend Zachariah to anyone, least of all someone who’d never even met the man.
“Thank you, Sir. I drink mine black,” Michael called politely. Dean worked both cups from the tray and carried them to the bed, handing Michael’s over.
“Bobby, come on, man. That’s ridiculous. What the fuck?” Dean was stunned, but Michael had his head cocked in interest, a frown furrowing his brow.
“He’ll be fine, Cas.
“Don’t toy with me, pup,” Bobby countered.
“Stop shouting at me, Pete.  I can hear you just fine,” Michael bit out.
Cas hummed quietly as he changed the dressings on April’s back.  She allowed the care contentedly, humming his tune back to him in harmony.  He smiled.
“I’ve got you, Dean. Hold onto me. I’ve got you.”
“Don’t.”
He pushed Cas’ legs up off the bed with a hand behind each knee, and the Alpha let himself be positioned like a Bottom.  Dean leaned in close and let the musk of Cas, of Alpha, fill his nose.  He bit gently at the delicate skin of Cas’ inner thigh very close to his hole, working his teeth against each other and sucking to bring a bruise to the surface in a place no one else would ever be allowed to touch him, not even his mate.  He pulled back just enough to see his mark deepening at the intersection of Castiel’s ass, thigh, and genitals.  Cas trembled in his grip.  Dean exhaled deeply, letting his breath out against the tight pucker so close to his nose and his mouth.  Could he…just…reach out with his tongue?
“Years of practice, training and research, and a good solid gut-feeling,” Cas explained, holding on to Michael’s neck like a scruffy pup.  He looked into Michael’s eyes.  “Are you all right now?”
“Then why change anything?” he rounded on her, nearly shouting.  “Why bring my father into this?  What’s he got to do with…?”  He froze.  His father had everything to do with it.
“I don’t know what I would’ve done without you, Dean, without you and your family.  You adopted me right in, and you shared everything with me.  You are the most incredible friend a girl could ever have.  I’m not ashamed to say I totally fell for you right off the bat.  I defy anyone but your own brother to say they didn’t.”
The wolf didn’t care one way or the other. He just wanted to go again.
Cain threw a leg over and straddled, facing him.  He braced the boy’s cock and sank slowly onto it, lubricated with sticky jizz that dribbled down his inner thighs.
Back it up! Michael mumbled into his gag.
“Jo, I want you to go in first. Get the readings. Castiel may lash out, and I want some strength in the room,” Bobby directed with his eyes on the Alpha’s face through the glass.
Cas talked about his fiancé and about how his marriage to Dean was an addition to his Mating with April, not a detraction, about how desperately he needed them both, about how desperately April and Dean needed each other, about how seamless they were growing in their ties to one another.  He confessed that Michael had been an unexpected rival for April’s affections, and that they were committed to honesty and fairness among the four of them.  Kathleen tutted judgmentally at April, whether in disapproval that her daughter had allowed her eyes to stray from her mate or in dislike of hearing about it first from Castiel himself, Cas didn’t know, but he covered April’s hand and stood up for her.  It wasn’t about right or wrong, he explained.  It was only ever about love, and where there was love, they could make it work.
“Understood,” he said without emotion.  “I apologize for the disruption,
“What is it, Benny?” Cas answered into the room.
Cas kissed the palm of Dean’s hand.  “I’d like that.  I don’t really know what we did differently this time.”
“I have only a couple of personal conditions,” Cas said into the studious flipping of pages and muttering.  Nearly every head popped up.  “I will not unsettle my family.  If that means frequent trips to Dayton, so be it.  I would happily entertain the notion of a remote headquarters that floats among the various installations, but I will remain personally headquartered in Lawrence.  The final caveat is that I require a strong and opinionated hand directing the Foundational Board.  If I may direct your attention to the penultimate page, you will find a proposed inaugural staff including all Board members, both for the Operational and Foundational Boards, all Leadership positions at each installation and satellite, and initial nominees for the various committees.”  Pages flipped and murmuring increased.  Cas raised his volume and spoke over the noise.  “Every name on that list is negotiable except the original owners of the ACRI, who maintain their ownership rights despite the outcome here today, the Director of Operations, whom I hope after the vote will be me, and the Chairman of the Foundational Board, who I demand remain seated by Fergus Crowley.  As I said, this is not negotiable.  If Crowley goes, I go.  If I stay, he stays, for the full five-year term.  It is imperative that you understand that prior to voting.”
Castiel shed his suit jacket the moment he boarded the company jet, shucking out of it like a boxer dropping his robe and rolling his shoulders. Climbing aboard behind him, Mick sensed the Alpha’s confrontational headspace and paused in the entryway. Cas chucked his jacket across the back of a chair and began to roll up his shirtsleeves. He turned and fixed his assistant with an icy blue gaze.
Her eyes flew wide, and she scuttled out to dig up a pair of shoes.  Cas laughed softly.  A dog was the last thing they needed, but… Well.  She wanted one.
“Second, Dean, I want to scene with you.  Regularly.  I believe you and I are ideally suited to keep each other balanced.  I have had a terrible time of late finding anyone who fits the bill – at all, actually.”  Castiel had held Dean’s eye through his offer, and he looked to be serious, but what the fuck?
Dean fought not to interfere.  Of course Castiel’s work was more important.  What was she saying?  His gaze was locked on Cas’ face.  A war was being waged in the Alpha’s brain, and Dean watched helplessly.  The mates went inside themselves, blocking Dean from seeing where the argument shifted.  Castiel wrapped fingers around her hip and dug them in, gripping tightly.  His lip twitched.  His eyes burned with possessive fever.  The Omega showed no emotion whatsoever.  She seemed immune to the tension in the room.  She didn’t blink or look away.  By all evidence, she was utterly passive in presentation, as if waiting for a delayed train and resigned to the inconvenience.
“Fred, this isn’t work,” Michael protested.
“All right. Hit me.”
“Outside of pack dynamics, I think we’ll find our places organically. We just have to move around each other carefully at first and make space for the others, like any new housemates have to do. It’s my fervent hope that the two of you will bond as family without much effort. I guess we’ll just have to wait and see.”  Castiel shifted up onto his hip to face Dean more fully. “Within the pack structure and as far as pack discipline goes, you outrank her, so you’ve got authority to correct her as you need to. Anything that comes up that you aren’t comfortable handling, or you think might cause friction in your relationship, you can refer to me.
“This is manageable.”
“No, kitten, for this, you are.  Think of the agent the same way you do Portia.  Train her to your expectations, and keep at it until she’s got it.  Don’t accept anything but compliance, even if it takes months of patient work.”
“It’s going to hurt, alpha,” he whispered. “And you’re going to release that Claim you hold over me whether you want to or not. Because
Jo continued.  “Your place on the chart is determined by your physical reactions, measurable behaviors, and chemical responses during the Keller evaluation.  Everything on the X-axis comes from empirical numbers – measurable data, not subjective observation.  However, when you do the Keller test, we’re also looking for another set of responses.  The results of those responses are plotted along the Y-axis.”  Jo labeled the vertical axis “Dom/sub,” and numbered it from +20 at the top, back through zero across the X-axis, and ending at the bottom with -20.
“Fuck YES!  Are you kidding me?  I wanna fucking FEEL something!”
“That’s what I’ve been telling you, alpha,” Michael insisted.
“Yes, Michael needs to participate as well. Everyone but Kate and April. And Sam? If Sarah wants to give it a shot, she has my permission. It’ll be her decision. Gabe still needs to ask her.”
Cas shot him an irritated look.  “Not helping,” he chastised.  “You really are pushing, aren’t you?”
“Always?”
Cas wanted it to be otherwise, but it wasn’t. It was the curse of the hierarchy. He couldn’t show weakness like that, not when a moment was fraught. It was the cold line of his unmovable brow that held it all together, and it was Castiel’s burden to carry—both that he must do what he must do and that he privately loved every moment of it.
“These rooms…” she began.
“Is that so?” Cas looked to Michael.
If she didn’t expect to be punished, she shouldn’t have provoked.
“You didn’t have to serve yourself a bowl that you didn’t want.  It was just a suggestion.”
“Closet,” she told him.
“So Michael wins us big quarterly growth on what the Board pays out to us, and then he gets nothing out of the deal? That’s what he said, right? Omegas get bupkis? Nah, I’m not cool with that. If he gets nothing, neither does anyone else.”
“Who’d they get to run the A/V board for the seminar?” Meg asked as she slid into the passenger side of the Impala.
As he came awake, he realized with dawning awareness: first that he and Michael weren’t in the room where they’d Mated—morning light streamed through the windows—second, that they were both clean and fully dressed in nurse’s scrubs, and third, that the bed clothes keeping him snug were all clean and soft. The bed itself was different. They’d been cleaned up, dressed, and moved during the night without waking up at all. At least Dean hadn’t awoken.
“You didn’t? That’s weird. I kind of expected it. Hey, no apology necessary. These guys know when to turn the hose on an unruly pup. You weren’t gonna lay a finger on me that we didn’t allow you to do. Look, I probably shouldn’t have played with you like I did. It’s not my test. I could’ve just rolled from the jump, and you wouldn’t have felt challenged.”
your intent is motivated by nothing but a desire to build a strong research institution and not subjugate everyone around you, and Crowley’s got nothing.  The boards’ votes will all flip.  Right now, they haven’t heard anything but his propaganda, and most of them are realists who understand where wolves fit in the grand scheme of humanity.  They don’t want a zealot starting a war between the species that’s gonna set us back to cave-dwelling days.  If Castiel fights for the top spot, some of them will think that proves Crowley’s point.”
Dean pressed his lips together and chewed them both into his mouth.
Cas still didn’t answer.  Dean, who had settled his head back into the nest of his arms, cracked an eye open and looked at him.  “Or are we done for the night?  Big day tomorrow and all that shit?”
“Of course, Dean.  I’ll know most of what I need just from the scent anyway.  There’s no hiding the smell of discomfort and anxiety.  If it doesn’t smell right, we have no reason to come back for a more thorough examination.”
Cas rolled off of him, gaining his feet a little clumsily, and Dean followed with a lot more effort.
“Um, yes,” she managed and stuck a hand out for him to shake. “Jody Mills. I’m going to be the Omega Coordinator and Dorm Mom.”
“No?” asked Michael in surprise.
I've said in a number of comments that writing a full scene between the two of them might fall far short of the promised intensity, so I kept it shorter than what's normal for them.  As mentioned way back in Ch 1, when they go full out, they usually go all night and need medical assistance when they're done.  I'm not up to writing that in detail.  Use your imaginations.
Three figures, two walking and one being dragged, approached and passed him, looking neither left nor right.  They had no reason to believe anyone else was down here with them.  “She’ll sleep it off in an hour.  Get Gordon.  He wanted to take a look at this one.”
Her ass was a deep purple already, the slipper used to good effect, and his movements into and out of her channel in a circular grind lit her ass up from the inside and the outside both.  The Omega moaned obscenely, shamelessly.  Without asking permission, working on credit which was hers to pull from, she pushed against him and sought pleasure for herself.  He rocked into her, copying her moans and grunts point-for-point.  Their Mating-bond fed them an endless feedback loop.  Castiel reached a hand beneath her and placed his fingers in firm position for her to rut against, and rut she did.  She ground against his hand, working sparks and waves of pleasure from her clit, up her spine, behind her closed eyes, back down to her Omega gland, through the Mating-bond and into her mate’s head.
“Relax, Sam. We’re making some new announcements right now. You go on in five. We’ll have them ready for you. All you and Dean do from now on in the feature panel is talk. Hugs are allowed if you initiate. The audience is not allowed on stage. It’s still the first panel though. We’re going to keep the rules lax for the audience itself. As long as they can play and keep it in the seats, we’re going to let them. If they start to get rowdy or too close to you boys, we call it. Be ready, but the security team has their instructions. You’ll be fine. The sense is that your fans are over-the-moon about you boys Mating finally. And the pups, of course; rumors are already spreading about your twins,” she added with a happy smirk. “Everyone wants you safe and happy.”
Castiel sighed, but he pressed a hand to Dean’s shoulder and kicked his head to get him back onto his knees.  Once Dean was there, Cas pressed his back until he lay across Michael’s face.  One hard smack to Dean’s ass earned him a satisfying yelp, and then he was helping Dean back up and into position.
“Hello, Serious. I’m Castiel,” Cas piped up immediately. When Dean gawked at him, speechless, he explained bashfully, “I’m working on my dad jokes. I want to be ready.”
April hit her fed up mark with Nick by eleven-thirty on Tuesday, reminding him rudely that she had no chance of meeting his revision deadline if he didn’t leave her the fuck alone to work on it, and after that, he switched to texting Mark.
If the idea of widening the space within the Profound Bond isn't something that intrigues you, this may not be the story for you.
“One thing at a time,” said Dean staunchly.  He eased his door open and got out with his hands in plain sight.  “Stay here.”
And she did.
Castiel nodded.  “You have no assignment, Michael, but to recover.  But if you choose to convalesce in the conservatory where your presence might serve as a calming influence, I would welcome that.  April, for goodness sake, sit down!  It’s just a paddling.  You’ve sat on far worse.  And stop rubbing.  Only puppies get to rub the sting out of an earned red bottom.”
“I still feel so guilty.” He tucked back into Dean’s embrace, and Dean accepted him.
this. I take what I need from frikken’ strangers, and I don’t even look at their faces. God, Dean, what happened with Kali…it was a mistake. I don’t
Adam released a slow breath. “Frankly,” he said, “because the industry is too new to have good schools going yet. It takes experience to make a good Contractor. No amount of training can make up for a lack of experience. And I say that carefully, because Alpha there, he runs one of the training schools. It’s like telling your own dad he’s shit at fixing cars. But, man, truth is truth. The new grads are too green, and we need numbers. We need Omegas, like, yesterday. We need professionals, Max. People like you. People who know which end is which.”
Dean stood up slowly and edged closer to her.  “Why did Cas put you and Michael together in your Heat?  Where did he get an idea like that?”
“You must understand the push-pull of the wolf’s instincts never lets up,” Fred said on top of her dismay.  “Having witnessed it from the inside my entire life, I can attest honestly, that the worst of the damage that wolves do to one another is when that push-pull collides with their attempts to assimilate into Primate society.”
“It really wasn’t meant to be retribution, Dean.  It was a process meant to push you through all the phases of accountability until you can walk upright inside your own head again.  I didn’t want you to suffer just because it had been hard on me first.  You know, I’m not blind to the source of what started it all in the first place.  You never deserved to suffer the way you do.”
“We wait and see what he asks for,” Bobby said fatalistically.  “Cas will want him taken care of, but you need to talk him out of any grand gestures that smack of collusion.  It’s not going to matter that he played this straight if it LOOKS like he took a payout to yield in the end.  Truth is, I expect Jonathon’s just going to be happy to get back to work.  He’ll have had enough of this nonsense, if I know that beta, and I do.”
“I believe what we discuss this afternoon may soothe your discomfort somewhat,” Cas told him sincerely.
“You don’t like it?”
Billie graced her assistant with a rare almost-smile. “Thank you, Josie. I would appreciate that. I have some things to work through before I go public with this.”
“You’re so beautiful,” Dean told him. “I’m gonna make you feel so good, Baby.”
“Come on, let’s get on with it.  I’m falling asleep on my feet, and so are you.”  Cas led him to the bed.  “Down on your knees.  Face the bed.  Drop your drawers.  In fact, slip them off altogether.”
Gabe frowned.  “You know, if that’s what he did, I agree, string the kid up by his thumbs and flog him till he passes out.  I’ll hold your cape.”
