His knees ache and his fingers are cramped by the time he realizes where he went, and that he must have been kneeling in the dark of the chapel for hours.
A deep rumble sounds through the open doors. Dean closes his eyes and wishes for a thunderstorm and rain. Maybe he can catch a few drops falling through the busted roof. It might give him another day full of fruitless philosophical musings, another hopeless day to watch Cas die. Again.
“Yep,” Lucifer grins. “As is most of her kind. This is my world now,” he turns with his eyes glowing a deep red, “and I’ll do with it as I please.”
Sam smiles more brightly than he has in weeks, and Dean realizes his brother needs this reprieve just as much as him.
“Hi.” Cas feels ridiculously overdressed. He tugs at the hem of his shirt. “I didn’t know what to wear,” he mumbles. Dean lays a hand on his chest. His palm is very warm.
“Come on, Dean, really? I’m a grown person, you know –“, but Dean talks right over him, pointing a finger at Gabe. Cas, relieved that the focus shifted from him, watches his brother closely, curious how this will unfold.
Cas knows he should help, but he has to see Dean first, make sure for himself that he’s still breathing. He stands next to Sam and watches the slow and shallow rise and fall of Dean’s chest under the bedsheet. His face is almost as white as the fabric.
On the third day it’s clear that Dean’s left leg cannot be saved. Charles’ red hair is plastered to his forehead, deep dark rings have formed under his eyes. “I’m sorry, there’s nothing I can do. We need help.”
Dean gets his phone out and thumbs out a short message, before he leans back and rakes a hand through his hair, muttering something under his breath. Cas strains to make out the words. He
“It was my fault,” he says, quiet, and more to Dean than to their brothers. “And I’m sorry I ran away.”
Dean’s eyes are on him, he can feel it more than he sees it, and suddenly, Cas gets self-conscious about his old swim trunks that look ridiculously out of date against the colorful, tiny briefs the other men are wearing. He steps into the water slowly, eager to flee the calculating, judging eyes around him, but anxious to slip on the steps at the same time.
Cas reached for the bowl and the candle. He rose to his knees, coming eye to eye with Dean, only an inch of cold air between them.
They make good time on the way back. Cas is silent most of the ride, lost in his worry for Dean and the guilt that he worries so much more for a virtual stranger than he did for any of his brothers that were taken by the Plague. It’s a selfish kind of worry. He wants Dean to stay alive because he wants to have a chance to talk to him again. He wants to know the man he has become. Cas wants to see him smile once more.
Cas reaches out his hand – his arms weighs about a ton – and wipes a drop of come from Dean’s bottom lip. “I’ll never doubt you again,” he answers.
“Jack.” Sam says it with a fond smile. “He grew stronger every day. At first, I could hold him back, but one day he came to me and told me he knew where Cas is, that he needs to save him.” Sam shrugs. “I didn’t believe him at first, so we went to Rowena. She came over through the rift with us and located Cas with a spell. And then Mary told us that you two went after Lucifer.” He doesn’t say why he made the decision to take the kid and come after him, but Dean knows anyway.
“It’s not about what I want to know, Dean. It’s… Maybe it would help you if you talk about what happened to your family…” Cas let the suggestion rest between them.
“Cas,” he smiles, and lets his eyes roam over him. Cas straightens his jacket in a futile attempt to make it sit properly on his frame. “You look sharp,” Dean adds, and he sounds like he means it.
Castiel spoke slowly and formed his words with care. Dean had never met anyone who seemed to cherish language so much. He nodded, and added a quiet “yes” because he wasn’t sure if Castiel could see the movement. Castiel finally lifted his head and fixated a point over Dean’s right shoulder.
“This is a bit weird for me, too. I mean, I have hook-ups now and then, but usually it’s dark by then, and I’m a little tipsy and it’s all frantic and quick,” Dean rambles. “You … this is not what I’m used to.”
Three years of sweat and tears, and now I'm finally here, at the end of this story that I wanted to write for such a long time and that slipped from my grasp again and again. I wouldn't have finished it without the support of the wonderful people who gave it a chance and cheered me on this whole time. Thank you so much for keeping the faith and I really do hope you like the ending.
Cas nods and leans his head on Dean’s shoulder for a moment. He’s still a little dizzy. The whole evening has a dreamlike quality, and Cas doesn’t ever want to wake up. He wants to go back to Dean’s room and get lost in Dean and be happy like tomorrow never comes. Ignoring the voice in his head telling him that nothing good will last, at least not for him, he grips Dean’s hand on his right shoulder and weaves their fingers together before he presses a quick kiss to Dean’s wrist.
“Dude,” he says, pointing at Cas’ hands where angry marks must be forming already. Cas just keeps staring, heart pounding in his throat. There’s room for only one thought in his mind, that name, the name he doesn’t think about, that name and all it stands for, and the all-consuming yearning, held back for so long with flimsy barricades, that crashes down on him right there. So much for early morning resolutions. He mumbles an apology, wipes his hand on his coat and leaves while Benny is still muttering that Cas should at least cool the burned skin. Cas moves blind, slips on the pavement and spills more of his coffee, until he throws the cup into the nearest trash bin.
Cas doesn’t notice he moved until Dean’s legs meet the bed and he tumbles backwards onto the mattress with a surprised chuckle. All his limbs are splayed from the fall. Cas follows the curve of his legs up to the cut of his hips and the visible outline of his cock, and wonders if the panties will get too tight at one point, – he makes a mental note to find out. Dean’s waist broadens into his strong chest and stronger shoulders, thick muscled arms. Cas wants to map out all of it with his hands and his mouth.
Dean licks his lips. “You know what’s even better than giving blowjobs?” There’s the eyebrow again, followed by the obnoxious wink that sends shivers of anticipation down Cas’ spine. He’s in serious trouble, it seems, every time that wink is directed at him.
He’s so hard he’s aching with it. The first touch of his hand against his cock feels like heaven, and he swallows the sigh that bubbles up in his throat. With swift movements, he shoves down his underwear and takes himself in hand. He tries to be quiet about it, just curls his hand tight around his cock and pumps fast, squeezing at the tip and rubbing the drops of precome down his length to ease the glide. The scent of Dean’s orgasm still lingers in the air, and it’s spurring Cas on even more.
“You’re angry,” Cas states and his eyes are laser-sharp on Dean while Dean is rooted to the spot, having an existential fucking crisis. Dean rubs a hand over his head, not caring about the fact that he’ll ruin his hair. Pressure thumps behind his temples, a migraine in the making. How did this happen again?
A few hours later, he’s sitting behind his desk, staring blindly down on a file. He came straight to the office. The thought of his empty house and the silence of his living room, his bedroom was unbearable. Better to occupy himself with work. Stacks of files had greeted him when he sat foot into his office. This way, he doesn’t have to think about the fact that he can still smell Dean on his skin, that he can still feel the bruise on his hip where Dean sucked his mark into Cas’ skin. He doesn’t have to remember the small sounds of pleasure that fell from Dean’s open lips at Cas’ touch.
Thank you all for your comments and encouragement, I would never have gotten through this without it.
Lucifer throws back his head and empties the glass, as if it’s cheap tequila, while Castiel watches him, horrified. Like this is going a step to far, even for the fallen archangel.
and his mind struggles to accept what he’s seeing. He takes a deep gulping breath and trembles as it wheezes out of his lungs again. Around him, the battle goes on, but Dean can’t do anything but stare. His hand lifts as if it wants to reach out and his body screams at him to move, wrap his arms around the silent angel and never let him go.
The guy on the front desk is still chatting the clerk up. Now Cas knows all about his plans for the week, “I come to the Sunset Plaza every year, it’s always amazing” and “I wonder if my friend Charlie’s already here, could you check for me”?
“I’m sorry,” he murmurs, because he has no right to touch him in a way he has always been too afraid to touch the real Cas. His Cas.
, and with it longing like I never experienced before and the desperate need to find you again. Before I remembered anything else, it was
Cas’ expression falls into something sour. “Oh I remember, I remember everything.” God, he’d give a lot to forget that. “But I thought you’d …”
“No,” Jack says, the single word conveying a myriad of regrets. It’s the same answer Dean got before, the same tone.
Dean’s mind is reeling. He’s got absolutely no right to throw such a fit, of that he’s sure. He’s a fucking idiot, but what else is new. All the moments between him and Cas, when he was so sure what he felt was one-sided, could it be – could this mean it wasn’t? All the times Dean hooked up with someone and Cas’ face did the thing that makes Dean feel like a chastised schoolboy – Dean had been positive it had been disapproval, what else could it be, honestly, since Dean is such a fuck-up and no one in their right mind would want that, least of all Cas …
Dean rolls his shoulders to chase the stiffness away but the sudden stab in his neck tells him he probably made it worse. This business makes him feel old on the best of days.
The infirmary is eerily quiet when they enter. For a moment, Cas fears that they are too late, that Dean is already gone. Terror squeezes his heart like a fist, tightens like an iron band around his chest. He breathes against it. Sam looks up from his position near the bed. He’s pale with worry but upon Ellen’s arrival, a hopeful look softens his features.
Dean vanishes in the bathroom and Cas listens to him shower. Dean hums a Zeppelin song while he brushes his teeth. Then he comes back out, this time wearing shorts and a t-shirt. He slips under the covers on his side of the bed, turns his back to Cas and mumbles good night.
“I see you’re still not the talking kind.” Lucifer sounds disappointed. He sure likes to hear himself talk, but without anyone swallowing his bait, he loses interest quickly.
It‘s him, in the bunker, talking to someone outside the frame, Sammy most likely, a beer in hand and a smile on his face he knows has gotten rare, for it‘s genuine and wide. It‘s not his best angle, his chin looks wobbly and there are deep rings under his eyes, but Cas must have deemed it worthy to be the first thing he sees when he turns on his phone.
“Dean.” Cas circles his hips, his stomach flexes with it, the grip of his hands almost painful. “I need you – ah-“
Ellen ruled over the kitchen with absolute power, but she had a soft spot for Dean, so working for her didn't turned out half bad. Dean loved the warmth and the smells of the kitchen – it felt more like a home than the house he'd grown up in.
“I don’t think you do,” the monk shot back. “You will fast with bread and water for the next five days and spend your free hour in the chapel, contemplating the nature of sin and the grave danger your soul is in.”
Next to that came the dormitory. Lay brothers and monks slept in two large halls, a narrow straw-filled cot for each of them. Garth told Dean to leave his few belongings – two spare shirts, his winter coat and his woolen cap – by his assigned sleeping place.
“I think now is exactly the time. In fact I think it’s been time for a while now. The first memory that came to me was of
, and it overran his every other instinct screaming to be noticed. He pushed up to give Cas room to move.
“Sleepwalker,” Dean replied and shook his head to clear it. Now that Cas’ administrations had brought the blood flow back into his limbs, his teeth began to chatter. He wound his arms around his legs and curled into a tight ball. Castiel’s hand left him for a second, before he seemed to make up his mind and put it back on Dean’s back to keep rubbing.
When he entered the kitchen, the stifling warmth greeted him like a second wall. Half covered by the big fireplace, he met the eyes of a blond woman. A
The phone in Dean’s hands buzzes with an incoming call that Dean accepts with a sigh. The voice on the other end is agitated and quite loud.
When all is said and done, he sleeps for a day and a half. Sam works his way through a pile of laundry that reaches up to his armpits, before he gathers the nerve to make the call.
When Dean looks up again, he licks his bottom lip like he just saw the most delicious meal in the world. “I will go up to my room now and take a shower,” he mumbles, almost casually, but the hoarseness of his voice betrays the attempt at nonchalance. His hand is still on Cas’ hip, burning and possessive.
“Women,” he spat out as soon as each of the ten students were seated. He paced the length of the room with his arms on his back. “You have to be aware of their deviousness. Don’t look at them, and if you cannot circumvent direct interaction, do not look into their eyes. That’s where the sin lies. The female gaze has the power to send out rays that tempt even the strongest men.”
So, new chapter. Warning for Michael being a period-typical bigoted asshole in this and some violent images, though nothing too graphic. Let me know what you think?
Cas answers through clenched teeth. “You talked to your brother. That morning. On the phone. And you didn’t mention me.”
“I remember the night I went on a date when I was human,” he starts as soon as he’s near enough for Dean to hear him.
Dean’s never been good at math, least of all when his dick is sitting up like a meerkat sensing danger, but maybe, just maybe two idiots can measure each other out into something really awesome.
Mrs Smith eyes Cas dubiously, but puts on a smile and leaves with a flourish of underskirts. Cas takes a deep breath when he’s finally alone with Dean.
He hears Gabe’s footsteps and then a warm hand lands on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, bro.” Gabe rubs his back like he used to when they were kids and Cas had the flu. It feels good. It feels like home.
The words worked like a punch into the gut and cut through the dreamlike atmosphere. Dean recoiled and struggled to come to his feet, away from Cas who stared at him with a mix of pity and superstitious fear. Dean turned and quickened his unsteady pace when he heard steps behind him.
There’s the fact that this Cas knows things he shouldn’t know, knows Dean’s vernacular and stuff from their world. And there’s the fact that Cas looks at Dean as if he knows him. He looks at Dean as if he
Now his heart beats faster every time he thinks back to the moments he shared with Dean, not just the sex (though that was amazing), but the little things. The way Dean would smile at his best friend when she wasn’t looking. The way Dean tipped the waitress generously and waved her away with a blush when she thanked him. The way Dean talked about his little brother, pride evident even in his snide remarks about Sam’s haircut and his too big heart. Cas has a feeling he knows where Dean’s brother learned that empathy.
Even after all they’ve been through, want curses through Dean, fresh and sharp and sudden like the first time he saw Cas. At least he packed away his wings, he thinks, while a soft tug in his gut tells him he didn’t really mind the sight of Cas with his newly healed wings stretched out beside him.
Dean huffs his thanks. He can’t remember much of the afternoon, just the feeling of his blade ripping up stomachs and gliding through ribs to find the heart, the stench of blood, the momentary blindness after watching grace leave a vessel. Every time it happened, Dean was sent back to that beach by the lake and saw familiar blue eyes flash instead of those of a stranger. Every time, he grit his teeth and moved on.
They take a moment to breathe and look their fill, foreheads pressed together. Dean’s cock is thicker and heavier than Cas’, pointing straight at Cas’ stomach and weeping small drops of precome that are washed away as soon as they appear.
“Most women do not even do this on purpose. It’s the curse of Eve. The chaste ones cast down their gaze when men are around. The jaded ones, the witches and adulteresses, on the other hand ...”
So instead of pushing Dean, he pulls until their chests touch. His right hand finds its way to Dean’s shoulder, his neck, into the wet strands of his hair. Dean is still smiling when Cas crashes their mouths together. And then Dean’s hands are on his back, moving, searching, and Dean’s lips press against his own eagerly, wet and soft and still a little cold from the water. Cas has to grab the edge of the pool to steady them and turns until Dean is between him and the wall.
After a second of thought, Ellen turned to the fireplace and took a piece of wood. She went over to the big table to get one of the small knifes and brought both back to him.
Strong hands work on his constraints. Muttered curses. With his vision slowly coming back, Dean can make out a figure over by Cas’ side. Deft hands opening the shackles. Cas’ lifeless body falls into waiting arms. Jack’s arms.
“Oh yes, I have to. I let you both stand there and accuse me of assaulting a defenseless man, so I damn well have the right to say my piece.” His still outstretched index finger motions at Gabe as if Dean’s wielding a saber. “You better be serious with this, or I’ll pay you a visit, did I make myself clear?”
“Who?”, Dean mumbles, although he knows exactly who Castiel is talking about. He just needs to buy some time, clear his head, and then, well, then, he still won’t know how to answer that question.
“So, in conclusion, what you’re saying is that we’re both dumbasses,” he grouches but can’t help the small tug of a smile.
“What about me?” It’s really no use to get Lucifer to talk about his plans, now, Dean will die here one way or the other, but a tiny part of his brain is still clinging to his training. Find your opponents’ weakness, find out what he wants and exploit it, John Winchester whispers in his ear. Don’t let them see what you think, don’t let them see what you feel. You’re a soldier, Dean, act like one.
They avoid the topic of the future. Cas doesn’t even know where Dean lives, and asking for would give away too much. This still so fresh, and to learn that it will be over by the end of the week, because they live on opposite ends of the country – it’s a burden Cas wants to shoulder when he has to and not one second earlier. As a lawyer, he likes to know all the facts up to the last detail to be as prepared as possible. With Dean, though, he wants to enjoy the in-between as long as he can, and live in the moment for once in his life.
of Cas, how warm and firm those muscles feel under Dean. The adrenaline of the ambush courses through him and makes him lightheaded. His left palm is still pressed against Cas’ throat. Dean can feel Cas’ blood pumping just a little bit faster. Or maybe it’s his own.
“And the other day in the store, you picked out clothes for me, and when I put them on, you told me I looked handsome.” A crease lodges itself between Cas’ brows, as if he wants to solve a puzzle, and his gaze is sharp on Dean. It makes Dean wriggle a little in his seat. He takes a sudden interest in his cuticles, plucking a non-existent speck from his nails.
“You have no idea how many times I was so close to calling you. Charlie nagged me constantly.” Dean stares at him, wide-eyed, as if he’s the only one at fault here. Cas messed up in equal measure.
If he can have this with this version of Dean, a selfish part of Cas can’t help but wonder, it might be best if Dean stayed here for a while. They would have an illicit affair, just like Sunny and Conrad. Cas could have what he always wanted. He gasps when Dean’s tongue darts out and curls around his own. It’s wrong, yes. But Cas feels very, very selfish right this moment.
He had set out to defeat the sin in his veins, the inherited evil. He had been arrogant in the face of Zachariah’s older years and better education. How could he know that the monk had been wrong? Pride was a deadly sin just like the lust his mother had bequeathed to him.
“I-,” Dean starts and looks to the ground as if the answer will miraculously appear on the grey carpet. “I told myself it was just a fling, and that Cas left because he realized this would never have a future. I figured I’d get over it with time. Sammy, you know I’m not cut out for long-term relationships. Took me six months to get to the point I said fuck it, I’ve got to try, because-“ Dean finally lifts his head to face Cas again. “I never met anyone like you, Cas. I just couldn’t let it go without at least trying to convince you to give it a shot.”
The ringing of the bell that calls them to lunch chimes through the window, and the blood is pounding in his ears when Cas says goodbye to the boys and follows them out of the room. He tries to keep his steps even - left, right - in time with his labored breathing, as he walks over to the infirmary. Sam is already there. Charles puts a rolled-up blanket in Dean’s back to help him sit upright. They’re talking, Cas is aware of that, but he can’t hear a word they’re saying.
One thing is abundantly clear as soon as they roll into town: Dean loves Charming Acres. He loves the cars and the outfits, but most of all he loves the burgers and the milkshakes. The noises he makes when he slurps his strawberry milkshake are what Dean himself would call “porn-worthy” but Cas keeps that to himself. He’s content with watching Dean’s delight – a rare sight after all the ordeals he’s been through.
The flush of her cheeks isn’t just from the hot shower. Jack and Dean share an awkward smile with her. “Thanks for this,” she mumbles, before slipping back out of the room, already taking a bite of toast on the way. Dean’s glad for them, he really is. He’ll have to live with the pang in his chest that goes along with it.
“It wasn’t even an hour since we’ve seen each other. “ Dean’s eyebrow lifts at Cas’ no-nonsense tone of voice, the one he uses in court and, with much less success, with his brother. Dean is just as immune to it as Gabe, it seems.
The old-fashioned clock is ticking in the background. The smell of over-cooked vegetables wafts from the kitchen. Dean’s cardigan feels both soft and scratchy under his palm.
Dean, but it’s also not. He’s wearing a bright green sweater (he should wear that color more often, it makes his eyes glow from within), thick glasses and his hair is slicked back just like Justin Smith’s had been before his head exploded.
, because it would sound wrong, even though it is true. It’s his fault that he developed feelings like teenager, it’s his fault that he can’t enjoy the good thing they had without ruining it. He tries on a small smile that feels brittle and sad. “Would you tell him that I had to go?”
His arms are heavy, but his heart is featherlight when he digs his own phone out of his jeans. He thumbs it on and lays it out on the table between them, turns it for Cas to see. It feels momentous, that tiny gesture, which is ridiculous, but still… He could have just as well ripped his chest open for how vulnerable he feels.
He presses a soft kiss on Dean’s freckled shoulder and concentrates on the most important part of Dean’s sentence.
“You can close your mouth and get over here. Bobby says you need something warm in your belly.” Her rough voice couldn’t disguise the caring undertone, but Dean knew better than to call her on it. He crossed the room in three long strides and took the wooden bowl she handed him.
Sam feels like a schoolteacher who tries to hammer a very basic concept into the heads of his pupils. “You should consider that Cas likes being touched by you so much – because it’s you that does the touching.”
What Cas doesn’t like – the understatement of the year by the way – is the fact that Dean told Sam to stay back at the bunker while he and Cas handled the case of a stray wendigo: cut-and-run as far as their cases go, nothing they can’t handle.
Cas puffs next to him, and Dean doesn’t need to look to know he’s doing The Face – angry squint, lips a thin line, eyes glaring as if he’s about to smite someone. It’s been a long time since Dean had to worry about that possibility. Not for the first time, he wonders why Cas gave it all up just for the chance to hang out with his brother and him in greasy bars like this. Right now, Cas might ask himself the same thing.
Dean doesn’t trust his voice, so he just shakes his head minutely. Cas’ thumb paints circles over his hipbone. Gradually, Dean’s pulse slows and he’s able to breathe again. Cas’ warmth is seeping into his body, through his boxers and his shirt.
“You can sit by the fire,” she grumbled, head already bowed over a pile of parsnips that she hacked into pieces with a vigor that was uncalled for in Dean’s opinion.
“I’m very much interested in finding out,” he tells Dean, which isn’t so much a pick-up-line as the truth. It seems to do the trick for Dean though as if Cas had told him that yes, he wants to find out what Cas’ dick would look like between Dean’s lips. Dean clears his throat and stands, closing his jacket carefully over his crotch. Cas smiles. If being prosaically honest is what gets Dean going, he can do that, in fact, it’s one of his very few talents.
When he gets back to the office, he sinks into his chair, ready to let the world swallow him whole. His laptop chooses his moment of existential despair to ping with a new mail. The invitation to the annual Milton and Partner Christmas Party. Everyone is encouraged to bring family and partners. He laughs without the least bit of humor. Cas can count the people he spoke to outside of work in the last weeks on one hand. He wonders if he should ask Benny to come, since most days the friendly barista is the closest thing he has to a friend. He closes the mail with a sense of finality. Spending an evening between happy people celebrating with friends and family sounds like his worst nightmare. He will tell his brother he won’t go this year. Gabe will understand.
“You’ll have to eat alone. I– I’ve got something I have to – sorry. I’ll see you later?” Cas forces the jumbled sentence past the lump in his throat with sheer force of will.
The pressure built until his heart thumped furiously and he had to sink his teeth deep in his bottom lip to keep quiet.
The broth was fat and full of flavor and so hot Dean burned his lips on the first sip. Just when he had just reached the bottom, the door flew open and a skinny boy with a mop of dark blond hair fell through it. He beamed at Dean as he came to a stumbling halt in front of him. “Nice to meet you, I’m Garth.”
“Well, it felt longer,” Dean pouts around a cheeky smile, which should be impossible, but Cas learns to accommodate the expressiveness and the contradictions that make up Dean – slowly. “Where’s your new room?”
Cas smiles. This whole situation is ridiculous, but he has to admit, he hasn’t felt this good in a long time. In a few minutes, he will clean this mess and leave the bathroom and Dean will be there.
“Ah Jack. You shouldn’t listen to them. What did they tell you? That you can use your powers to do good? Look at what they accomplished with all their good intentions!”
“Could tell the moment you couldn’t hold back those gorgeous sounds anymore.” Cas remembers the urgency to touch himself that morning, the excitement of the possibility that Dean could hear him. His hand trembles when he lifts it from the tiles.
It’s a long and hard and garish business. Dean doesn’t regain consciousness throughout the procedure, but he screams and wails and whimpers all the same. It takes Samuel, Charles and Cas to hold Dean down, even in his weakened state, while Ellen works. She cuts open the skin above Dean’s knee, slices through flesh and muscle and sinew, until she reaches the bone.
“But you’re an idiot, too,” Dean has to add, because come on, this isn’t just his fault, is it? He groans when Cas licks against his bottom lip in the same moment Dean realizes that they could have done this years ago. Cas’ hand is tangled in Dean’s hair and his mouth wanders along the edge of his jaw, until Cas’ breath tickles his ear.
Dean doesn’t say thank you. He claps his brother on the back, much weaker that he would like, and uses the leverage to get on his feet. Sam acts like he doesn’t know Dean needs the support, but he stands up slowly so Dean can hold on to him. Once they stand, Sam turns and hugs him tight.
Winchester shrugs as if he’s bored by the question. “These parts of the world, when you own and command a ship, you’re a captain. Easy as that.” He grins. White teeth shimmer in the half-light of Cas’ office. “Don’t need no king to tell me who I am.”
“Okay, then let’s rewind half an hour and talk again about the fact that I’m here because I couldn’t stand the idea that you had a date with someone else.”
Dean’s shoulders, tensed for finally getting an answer to his most pressing concern, slump down in disappointment.
Even if he felt miserable, he knew he had gotten a chance here. John could have decided to throw him out on the streets, or hire him off to another merchant. Here, Dean had a choice. He could learn and maybe even go to university.
Sitting up, his blood rushes down and leaves behind a dull pounding in his head. His tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth. He’s parched and dizzy and…
He leaves the two alone, intend to make his way back to Cas, but the stool Cas occupied just a minute before is empty. Alarmed, Dean looks around. He finds Cas’ familiar silhouette near the pool table, standing very, very close to a guy Dean doesn’t recognize. He’s over by Cas’ side in three long strides.
Cas’ body, after all this time of being nothing more than a thing to transport him to work and back, comes alive under Dean’s hands and his lips. His skin tingles and he’s breathing deep and freely. His lungs seem to get the first real air since that morning at the Sunset Plaza. He dips his fingers between Dean’s jeans and the panties to rub the fabric against Dean’s skin, earning a small wanton sound that shoots right to his groin.
Summer went by in a daze. Between classes, silent repetition, services and the tasks Father Robert assigned him to, Dean barely had time to think. He liked that, because being busy trumped being alone with his thoughts any day.
“After you left, at the Sunset Plaza, I waited. Wanted to see if you’d work through whatever made you run off. Patience is not my strong suit, but I tried, I really tried. But then … then my stupid brother tells me your brother wants to set you up with someone, and I … I snapped. I had to see you, see if you…”
His last words were barely more than a whisper and Dean strained to hear them, he needed to hear them, grabbed them like a life line. He started shaking again, not from the cold this time, but from the emotional turmoil and the overwhelming feeling of gratitude. Against better knowledge, Cas had faith in him. That had to count for something.
“Hey, we’re not done here,” he singsongs, and Cas, for all the experience he has with Gabe’s ridiculous antics, feels his hackles rise. “So you banged and you caught feelings and then you ran. That doesn’t explain why Dean-o here chose to wait half a year to show up and snatch you – drunk and defenseless, I might add – from a party.”
“Oh. Uhm, yes, I did. Sorry. It’s just that Cas-ti-el is so formal and I thought… I think Cas suits you better, but I’ll…”
Cas’ lips are dry and soft when they finally meet his. With trembling fingers, Dean weaves his hands into Cas’ hair and holds on.
He wondered how he could ever have thought of Cas’ face as static and inscrutable. After nearly two years, he knew to look for the subtle movements. Dean could read every hint of a smirk and the probably involuntary lift of his lips that followed Dean’s lewd jokes. And so he noticed the smug little tilt of Cas’ mouth or the almost inconceivable squint that told him Cas was sure he would win the round, and Dean would be oh so careful to overthink his next move. Sometimes it worked, and he figured out what Cas planned soon enough to discomfit it.
“Touch yourself, Cas,” he grunts out. Sweat is beading on his neck, tingles down his back, cooling in the soft breeze.
All of a sudden, the hall around him seemed too big, vast and empty, and the hopeful anticipation that had filled him only moments before turned sour. His eyes burned with unshed tears. The soft sounds of sleeping boys around him should have been a comfort, but he couldn’t help feeling utterly alone. His throat constricted and Dean turned his face into the coarse fabric of his blanket to stifle a sob. When Garth came around to wake them for vigil, he hadn’t slept at all.
“God, Cas, I can’t keep my hands off you,” Dean whispers against his ear, breath tickling the sensitive skin, before he slings an arm around him and turns. “Let’s head back to the hotel?”
He kept his movements slow and even to not attract attention. When the first drops beaded from the tip and eased the strokes, he tightened his grip. Sweat broke out on his back, between his thighs and on his temples, creating a cool counterpoint to the heat in his groin.
The next chapter won't take as long, I promise. Just like Cas, I miss Dean, so we'll find out what he's up to next week. Prepare for some angst.
He lets his voice go dark and low, because he knows exactly what it does to Cas. He’s rewarded with a shaky breath and a glare through dark lashes andthe beginning ofa smile.
Anyone still here? So I recently started a Black Sails rewatch and came back to this. Currently working on the next three chapters, and it's coming along quite well considering I haven't really written anything worth sharing in months.
October had been exceptionally warm and the trees had held on to their green leaves longer than Dean could remember. The woods around the monastery just slowly took on their red and yellow and brown colors. After a long day, he slumped onto his cot with a sigh.
Winchester will take on a passenger, and when they reach the next harbor, Cas will bring the famous pirate captain to justice. That – or he’ll die trying.
Dean eats his cereal when he hears footsteps behind him. They stop right next to his chair, and Dean doesn’t have to look up to know it’s Cas. It’s the soft swish of his trenchcoat that gives him away. And, though Dean would never ever admit it, Dean recognizes his scent, would recognize it in a crowd of people.
It’s a small place with soft lighting and old wooden furniture. Dean chose it for its Italian cuisine, which is the best in town according to various foody sites he looked up before he chose this place. The contrast to the bright and cheery hotel restaurant is remarkable. Cas needs a moment to adjust his eyes after the brightness outside. Dean’s arm feels warm under his hand and he presses down a little to show his appreciation while he looks around and breathes in the scents wafting over from the kitchen.
Cas hangs limp in his shackles. Dean clenches his jaw to stow the rising anger and the terror at seeing the powerful angel reduced into so much meat. Cas’ chest still rises and falls, but his eyes are closed and the agonized crease between his brows is a permanent fixture.
Cas’ eyes are wide while he stares at Dean, and Dean holds his gaze, wondering how he could have been so blind. He wants all those things, too, and more. He wanted them for a very long time, but he’d never … ever even dared to hope Cas’d want them, too. His hand is shaking when he lifts it to put his palm gently over Cas’ heart, a thrill running down his spine when he realizes the touch is not only allowed but will be welcomed. Cas closes his eyes as if he’s hurting. Cas’ heart thumps steady under Dean’s hand, solid and real, but his breath is coming fast.
I guess there'll be two more chapters after this (in which we will get back to the sexy times and get a few more answers), hope you stick around!
“Shit, Cas, you can’t just walk in here in the middle of the night like this. I could have hurt you!”
Bradbury’s head appears, starting with the shock of red hair, followed by a face that tries to hide any hint he’s listened to the conversation (and failing). “The harbor master is here to see you, sir.”
Dean wants to ask about it, when a loud bang rattles the walls of the building. The earth shakes underneath Dean. A wave of pressure blasts through the room, picks up pieces of paper and debris and takes them with it. Dean’s ears are ringing.
Cas never shared so much about himself before… before that night. Dean loves to hear stories about his life before they met, always meant to ask about it, but the moment never seemed right. Now Cas tells him about it without prompting, and Dean can spend hours just listening.
“Why did you do that?” There used to be a time when Dean thought Cas was cute when he was upset (and if he’s honest he still kinda thinks that), but right now, he’s hungry and he’s nervous and he needs to eat.
“No, not at all,” Gabe practically croons as he rounds Cas’ desk to stand in front of the tall man, close enough that he has to look up to him. Which he does. Like he’s admiring a painting. What happened here when I was gone, Cas wonders. Sam doesn’t seem to mind the attention, and blushes slightly.
He really should be over it by now, he tells himself for the millionth time. His sad face stares back unperturbed. He sets his jaw, promising himself a fresh start. He
Dean’s hand slides down slow, slow, mesmerizingly slow while his words sink in and Cas’ pulse picks up speed. Cas watches as Dean mimics the position, head hanging low, bottom lip sucked back behind his teeth.
Dean pushes his tongue deep inside Cas’ open mouth and tugs on the plug to slip it out. He swallows the deep groan Cas makes as well as the softer whimper when the plug is gone. Dean throws it aside and doesn’t wait for the wet sound it makes on the hardboard before he dips his thumb into Cas’ heat, feels him wet and loose, waiting for Dean to fill him up again.
Guys! Thank you all for your wonderful feedback, it's greatly appreciated!! I love it when you share your theories of what will happen next (and remind me to fill a few plotholes *cough*). Y'all are awesome!
It will take time to get used to it, for all of them. Dean can’t help but be grateful it happened, even if a part of him is still weary – after all, who knows if all of Cas’ soul was saved? Who knows how different he is because of the part of him that’s still there and not-quite-Cas?
Dean doesn’t let go of Cas as he steps backwards into the wide open stall. Their faces are close enough that Cas can see the dusting of freckles on Dean’s nose, the glint in his eyes. Cas narrows his eyes at him. “How impolite of me. May I use your shower, Cas?” Dean asks, voice rough.
Dean mumbles something accusatory under his breath, and his obvious embarrassment somehow loosens something in Cas. He sits back and chuckles. “It was a very special night,” he agrees, making it clear he won’t say more. “Wait, you are Charlie?” he asks, because he just realized that – this is Charlie.
The young man couldn’t be much older than Dean. Dark brown hair swept over his head in thick unruly waves. He was tall, not quite as tall as Dean, and lean under the black novice’s habit. Elegant hands with long fingers gestured as he pointed out an interesting word choice in the text they discussed. A straight nose gave his face a stern expression that was softened by a wide mouth with chapped pink lips. Dean couldn’t make out exactly what he was saying but kept staring at those lips as if they could reveal unknown truths all on their own.
“Why are you so tense,” Cas inquires, and fuck if Dean knows the answers to that. He plotted this for weeks, some time alone with Cas between one apocalypse and the next to finally talk a few thing out, set a few records straight, exchange an apology or two.
Dean didn’t ask who he meant. Cas had a way so see right through him, and it should have made him wary, but if he was being honest with himself, he liked the thought.
There’s a crease between Castiel’s brows, and Dean is catapulted back in time, when he first met Cas, and Cas was so very other, unfamiliar with a lot of human things he later came to love and share with Dean. Movies. Burgers. Cars. Dean’s throat is tight with the well of emotions such a simple expression can draw to the surface. He wonders if this Castiel would love burgers, too, but quenches that line of thought immediately.
“Just, you know. It’s June, and we’re at the Sunset Plaza, and we might be the only two guys who aren’t happy to share a room.”
Cas is not there when Dean wakes up. He’s teaching the first year novices – the sacraments. He’s glad he’s done this so many times he knows the lecture by heart, and he’s glad the young boys don’t ask questions – when Charles’ red head appears in the door. He smiles, and then he’s gone again.
His throat is still much too tight. So he counts to ten again, and waits until the coldness of the floor creeps into his bones and the tears rinse the sand from his eyes.
“My da-d alwa-ys s-said it’s be-because I’v’ go-t a dem-mon in m-me,” Dean told Cas through the tremors.
A blaring sound disturbs the silence. Cas needs a moment to make out the melody. It’s the opening of an old rock song, heavy guitars and a pulsing beat.
Cas berates himself for getting his hopes up, for falling for Dean so soon. After years of being alone, and yes, he has to admit, being lonely, he was stupid enough to lose his heart to the first handsome man that came along and made him feel wanted.
Dean has a feeling that Lucifer is pointing at him and Cas, because Jack – Jack the Nephilim, his mind supplies, Lucifer’s freaking son – gasps audibly. Yeah, well, he guesses he doesn’t look much better than Cas.
He doesn’t care that he once again failed to make Cas beg – he’ll have a lifetime to achieve that goal, if Cas only lets him – and he fumbles with his free hand to shove down his shorts until his cock springs free. Looking down, he finds himself red and swollen and wet. Cas looks down, too, and his mouth slackens when Dean takes himself in hand.
Cas nods. He’s lost all sense of time, staring at Dean’s groin and listening to his recollection of that first morning. He’s almost painfully hard, his cock throbbing with every pulse of his blood, but he refrains from touching himself. As much as he enjoys watching Dean, he’d feel awkward doing it himself.
The light is dim, but Sam’s almost sure Dean is blushing. What on earth is Dean trying to tell him here?
He bends to pick up his blade and stumbles away without another word, in the direction of the battle. He doesn’t turn around, but he feels the presence on his back, the bewildered stare, as he scans the field for a new enemy to kill.
Dean sinks into the booth with a sigh, tries to find position in which his muscles loosen from ten hours behind the wheel, glad he can finally stretch his legs under the table.
The weeks fly by. Summer turns to autumn. Autumn turns to winter. The first snow covers the pavement when he rushes to work one morning, and Cas squints against the brightness of the icy winter day, marveling at the crisp air. He always loved winter. Now it’s just an inconvenience.
A hand lands on his shoulder, light like a bird, but the warmth of Cas’ palm soaks into his skin nonetheless.
When Dean opens his eyes again, he sees Castiel crouched by the lifeless body a few feet away. With sure hands, he twists the blade out of the chest of the dead angel that tried to shoot Dean. When the warrior that isn’t Castiel comes back to him, holds out the blade for Dean to take it, something in him just … falls apart. He’s shaking, in shock most likely, the still working part of his brain points out,
Instead, Dean makes a soft sound. It’s the sound he makes when he turns on the TV and one of his favorite Star Trek episodes is on. It’s the sound he makes when he opens the cookie jar and finds out that Cas left the last one for him: a little surprised and very much pleased.
When he opens his eyes again, embarrassed by his own actions, his gaze lands on the trash bin next to the bed. The bottom is crowded by at least a dozen crumpled sheets of paper. Curiosity getting the better of him, Cas digs around and takes a few out, flattens them on the bed.
“And you–“, he starts, but the words stuck in his throat. He looks down at Cas’ shoes, next to his bare feet. A thousand questions tumble through his head, and between them, an awful lot of emotions battle for his attention. But in the end, there’s only one question that really matters.
“I’m sorry,” he says again with no clear idea for what exactly, and Dean makes that huffing sound again, and then Cas is out of the room and his bedroom door closes and he takes a deep breath. His stomach heaves and he’s almost certain he’ll puke again. But then he’d have to go down the hall to get back to the bathroom and Dean would hear and he would offer his help and Cas can’t stand any more of that.
Cas turns and leaves the bedroom. “I’ll understand if you want to hide here,” he throws back over his shoulder, “I’ll try to get him to leave as soon as possible.”
Cas’ brain is still trying to catch up. “Wait. No, I didn’t mean ...” He walks over the stove, ignores the tingling sensation where he brushes against Dean’s side and turns the gas back on. “Please. Stay.”
Dean’s not ready to have this conversation after the night he had. Fuck, he’s not ready to have this conversation ever.
Dean still doesn’t move. Cas weighs his options. He could slap Dean and hope it will bring back his memories. He could leave and search for another way to break the spell that made Dean forget who he is. Or he could follow his instincts.
“Jesus Christ, Sammy. Cas likes his wings petted, like in, he really likes it. He moans and wriggles and sighs whenever I touch him. And I,” Dean doesn’t meet his eyes and his voice is barely a whisper, “– I just don’t know if it’s a sexual thing or not.”
. Even then, his brain had hurt thinking about it. Right now, he’s in no shape to untangle the metaphysical implications, but what if Lucifer – for once – wasn’t lying? Where did an angel’s soul go when the vessel died?
Dean’s stomach constricted at the thought of the hard work that lay ahead in the next days and the prospect of doing it nearly without any food. The black fast, as they called it, allowed only a small piece of bread and water. Five days were a long time with such tiny provisions.
“Without food or water, you’ll make it a few more days I guess. Enough time to ponder your decision to follow me here, and every step that led to this ending. When I’m strong enough to conquer our world, I’ll make sure to let your brother know you didn’t even die in a fight, all alone and like the pathetic loser you are. And then I’ll kill him, slowly.” He winks and walks out of the room, wriggling his fingers goodbye over his shoulder, ignoring the insults Dean hurls at him at the top of his lungs.
He slouches back in his chair and pities himself. The one time he only wanted to have a good lay and he managed to fuck it all up. He stares at the door, not actually seeing anything, until Alfie, his secretary comes in to ask him if he can go home.
Cas opened his mouth to say more but his lips fell shut a second later. He reached around Dean to open the door and beckoned him forward. Dean ached with the urge to wrap his arms around his friend and hug him, to feel his warmth and comfort, but he didn’t dare ask for it.
"You are a menace," Cas grumbles. Sweat is beading on Cas’ chest and he’s panting through his open lips.
Cas rakes a hand through his hair and closes his eyes. He contemplates fleeing through the backdoor but decides against it. Might as well face whatever’s waiting for him in the kitchen.
Something moves over Castiel’s face just then, something warm and longing that makes Dean’s heart beat faster and his palms sweat. But it’s gone as soon as it came and Dean’s not sure if it was just a trick played by the dying light of the day.
“And who appointed you to the rank of an officer in the Royal Navy?” Cas keeps his voice level, but inside he’s seething. Yes, he ordered the man here, but the fact that his men could be found easily in one of the town’s taverns speaks of the self-confidence Winchester seems to wear like a second skin.
“To be seen with someone like me. A grease monkey with loose morals. That… that your brother would know you … and me, you know.” He shrugs again, and his shoulders look smaller somehow.
Cas picks up his spoon and adds some milk to his cereal. “Alright,” he mumbles, and starts to eat, pointedly ignoring the armada of butterflies somersaulting in his stomach.
The drinks arrive and Dean makes his way over to Grace and Sam who seem to be in the middle of a discussion of … “State laws, really?” Dean hands over Grace’s drink. “Don’t tell me you’re a lawyer.”
Cas looks around the room and takes in the rumpled sheets. The sight of the bed, clearly used by two people, and the memory of Dean, asleep in his arms, makes his heart ache with longing. It felt good to share a bed and feel a warm body next to his. It felt so good to take care of Dean when he had a nightmare. And it felt so, so good to feel wanted.
“When he – when he died, his soul… Cas had a soul and it – it found a new vessel. It went through the rift, Dean.”
The guy reaches out with his right hand. “Dean Winchester.” He has the audacity to smile despite the situation. Cas grips his hand and realizes his palm is sweaty. He tugs it back quickly.
“Back to plan A,” Jack says, a defeated look on his face. He seems to consider talking Dean out of it, but only opens his mouth and closes it again.
When they got cold, Dean suggested getting out of the water and letting the sun dry them before they returned back on the road. Cas left the water first and Dean, in a sudden burst of mischief and because he had always done this with his brother, ran to follow him and tackled him from behind.
“I lost contact to them since Lucifer first took my grace.” So Cas does understand, and isn’t that odd, when the Cas he knew took years to get Dean’s idioms?
Dean kept the figures simple but different enough to discern. By end of February, he surprised Cas with the finished set for their usual Thursday afternoon meeting. Cas had the more strategic mind, so he won most of the time. Dean, on the other hand, learned to anticipate Cas’ plans by watching him.
Dean rubs his neck and doesn’t meet Cas’ eyes. Instead, his gaze is glued to Cas right hand, curled und turned upright as if he’s mimicking the described practices. Cas opens his hand and puts it on his knee. Dean clears his throat and waves his hand to indicate his wish to change the topic.
Cas’s head sank even lower between his drawn up shoulders and Dean felt bad for even asking him. Yes, Cas had wanted to know, but Dean knew these issues made him uncomfortable and he wasn’t well versed in these questions either. It was just that Cas was the only one that would discuss his question without shutting him down by naming an ancient scholar and be done with it.
The doorframe darkens from the sheer mass of a tall man with long brown hair and wide eyes. He’s clutching a manila folder to his massive chest. “I hope I’m not interrupting?” the newcomers asks, eyes flicking from one brother to the other.
The grip in Cas’ hair tightens, sending sparks of pleasure-pain down his spine. With a last soft kiss to Dean’s swollen nipple he leans back, because he wants, he needs to watch as Dean comes closer to the edge. Dean’s head is thrown back, the long line of his neck tense and straining, his lips dark red and slick from kissing, his chest heaving with his fast breathing. Cas has never seen anything more beautiful. He slows his hand a little, tightens his strokes, base to tip, to draw the moment out. Dean’s whole lower body pushes up into his hand.
Gabe clears his throat as if he’s only now remembering they’re not alone in the room. “I wanted to introduce you to my brother anyway. He came back early from his trip.” The brown eyes of the young man flicker over to Cas, a smile on his lips. Cas stands and walks over, extends his hand which is met with a good, tight grip. His heart thunders in his chest, but he tries to keep his gaze levelled and his breathing shallow.
Winchester listens intently and has the audacity to smile. “Those are ambitious plans, Lieutenant Milton. Pray tell, does your superior know about this?”
“There’s nothing for you to feel sorry about. He got himself killed – I guess you’re aware of that impulse you get to play knight in shining armor since you just pulled the same stunt. Cas,” it hurts to speak his name, but Dean pushes it out from his chest, “he had that dumbass hero complex, too.”
They smile at each other for what feels entirely to long for a sane person to smile at another, but Cas doesn’t care. His mind, finally catching up with the fact that there might still be a chance to right these wrongs, falls into the gutter fast and hard.
Cas whispered, “Zachariah told us about the class and the reason for your punishment. You should practice yourself in humility, Dean.”
Cas stares at the ceiling, and chastises himself for the surge of disappointment at Dean’s reaction. They spent the night together out of necessity, and Dean will be glad to get his own room later, maybe share his new bed with someone else. He will forget the night with the weird guy. To him, sleeping in Cas’ arms will not be the most intimate and wonderful experience he’s had in a long time. He, unlike Cas, will not try to hold on to the feeling of their bodies close together, the flash of desire at feeling the other one’s erection. Cas is pathetic, and maybe he should just leave now …
As he Exits the bathroom, he walks right into the long line of Cas’ body. The sound he makes is not a squeal, but might be mistaken as one by a bystander how doesn’t know that Dean Winchester doesn’t squeal.
The lore is sparse for this special tweak in the supernatural world. Angels don’t have souls, because they are made, and made eternal. Their essence is their grace – without it, they are nothing and go back to nothing. That’s the general stance in most of the literature Sam and Dean (let’s be honest, mostly Sam) unearthed, and it’s confirmed by Cas. But they know that’s not true, or not the whole story – because they met angels who lost their grace and still existed, still were the same person they were before. Cas was living proof of that loophole.
Cas needs a moment for the words to register. The sun is streaming golden through the window, bringing with it a breeze that smells of the first harvest. Dean’s head is turned to the wall, and his fingers are fisted into the fabric of his bedding as if he’s trying not to punch something.
He looks over at his brother and tries in a small smile which goes unanswered. Gabe radiates worry and not a little anger, all covered up with a carefully neutral expression that may fool everyone but Cas. Gabe is loud and boisterous all of the time, and you know you’ve got a problem when he gets quiet.
Everywhere they touch, his skin lights up with sensation, heightened by the wet cotton that rubs against his sensitive skin. His hands travel down over Dean’s broad back, the dip of his hips to cup his ass with both hands. The motion brings their bodies closer and Dean arcs into him with a wanton little sound. Their lower bodies brush against each other, a dance almost, and Cas feels Dean filling out through the layers of wet clothing just as he hardens with each beat of his heart.
The events of the last days are a jumbled mess in his mind. He tries to sort through the new facts he learned but his thoughts are hazy and sluggish.
“You looks beautiful like this,” Cas praises as he slowly fucks into Dean’s mouth, surprising himself that the words come easy now. Dean’s eyes fall shut at that and he moans again. Cas keeps going, rocks his hips in a steady motion and tells Dean how pretty and how perfect he is.
“Fuck, Cas, if – shit – if you’re this good at something – unnghhh – you don’t like, I can’t – god, do that again, there, right – oh – I can’t wait to get to the stuff you enjoy,” Dean stutters.
“Yeah, she’s a looker, ain’t she?” Dean smiles. “Wonder if she’s interested in a little roll in the hay.”
“Hey”, Dean smiles, as if he doesn’t see Cas is seething with rage. “It’s only one night. Why don’t we share the bed?”
“I think lust clouds men’s minds. Just like power, it bends their morals and impairs their judgement. So I understand why it’s seen as sin, as an invitation for evil forces. For that reason, I agree with the scholars – any act committed not with the clear goal of procreation should be avoided.”
“Wasn’t your fault, buddy, we’ve all been there.” Dean’s smile is easy, but the way his grip tenses on his mug is not.
, Castiel had said, and called him by his name. Dean stares at the lonely figure as if he can coax the answer out of him.
They talk about nothing in particular while they wait for their dinner. The conversation flows easily – when Cas falls silent, Dean picks up the threat and entertains Cas’ with his never-ending supply of anecdotes from work. The food is delicious, but Cas can’t really concentrate on the rich flavor when Dean is sitting in front of him and eating with delight. His sensual mouth closes around every bite as if he’s starved for it, and he moans his appreciation in a downright filthy way. Cas has an inkling Dean does it on purpose, but he enjoys it too much to mention it.
It takes way too long for Cas to come back out. That clean freak must be picking up old napkins and glasses, and Dean would help, but he’s just too cozy out here and he already did the dishes, so he just leans back and lets Cas do his thing.
“I thought about this the whole evening,” Cas rasps in a positively wrecked voice. Dean can only grab Cas’ hips and hold on, it feels so fucking good. Cas is panting, little huffs of breath that cool on Dean’s moist lips and sweaty neck, and then. Then he starts rocking Dean’s lap, driving himself down in Dean’s cock with small jerking movements, and yeah, Dean has thought about it, too, whenever he caught a glimpse at Cas tonight. To be honest, he thinks about it pretty much every time he sees Cas, at least when he’s not thinking about how glorious Cas feels inside him, pounding into him until Dean’s a babbling mess.
“Is it too late to say it now?”, Cas rumbles in that gruff tone he uses when he reprimands Dean for taking the last coffee before Cas had any.
The bar is dim and warm and full of voices. Cas dusts a few errant snowflakes from his trench coat when he enters and lets his gaze wander over the crowd. There’s a slim but very real possibility that Sam brought his brother. That possibility had his stomach in knots since the evening after the invitation arrived. One part of him is terrified that Dean will be here, one part is terrified that he won’t. Right now, the first one is stronger.
“’s nice,” Dean murmurs sleepily. Cas wants to say he could get used to this, to waking up next to Dean, but it might be too much, too soon. He doesn’t know where they stand. It’s only been two days, he reminds himself. Having Dean in his arms feels so right and easy like breathing.
He busies himself with searching the drawers and finds a bunch of letters. His eyes fly over the pages. Love letters, full of explicit details of how Sunny and Conrad pleasure each other. Without realizing it, he reads out loud.
They sat like that for a long time, both of them lost in their own minds. As much as Dean enjoyed talking to Castiel and listening to his lectures, he liked those silent moments the most. With autumn approaching, the sun set earlier now. When the creeping shadows of the buildings reached the spot they had chosen for their meetings, Castiel got to his feet and held out a hand to help Dean up. Dean grabbed it with the distinct feeling that something had shifted between them.
“It’s you,” he murmurs, and he reaches out with his bound hands as if he wants to touch, to make sure Dean is real. Dean’s stomach heaves.
“Yes, I told you that,” John said, irritation clear in the clipped consonants. “I can’t do anything about it. If the church wants one of my sons, this is the one she gets.” John hadn’t dismounted and didn’t show any sign that he would. Dean blushed, embarrassed by his father’s rude behavior.
Dean’s not sure if Cas means Dean wouldn’t be fast enough or if Cas trusts him that much. He ignores how the second option lets his heart swell, even as the first option hurts his pride.
Charlie, Donna, Bobby, Jody, a constant stream of concerned, well-meaning questions, and he’s thankful to have people that ask them, he is, but it also drains him.
The stranger has his hand on Cas’ forearm and Dean's hand is on the hilt of the knife strapped to the inside of his jacket before he can form a single coherent thought. But Cas – is smiling? At the guy?
What Lucifer does when he’s outside remains a mystery, until the second night turns into dawn. The difference between night and day in this world is nothing more than the difference between pitch black darkness and enough weak light to make out contours. Dean’s never imagined he would miss the sun this much, but it’s like he can feel the lakck of vitamin D on a physical level. He’d give a non-essential limb to stand outside in his world and bask in the warmth of a mild summer sun.
“Okay.” Sam worries his bottom lip between his teeth. He’s got to tread carefully. “But you don’t feel comfortable doing it?”
Cas doesn’t want to listen in while Dean speaks to his brother, but he’s not sure what he’s supposed to do. Dean gives no indication that he wants Cas to leave, his back is still turned to him, so Cas lies still and waits. It seems like Sam has a lot to say about his new job, while Dean just nods and hums in agreement. At one point, Dean turns quickly and meets Cas’ gaze for a second before he averts his eyes. Cas can’t decipher the look for the live of him.
Dean inhales deeply and speaks slowly when he answers, each word placed with care. He touches Cas’ lips with a fingertip to underline his statement. “I want you to suck my cock, Cas. Put that gorgeous mouth on my dick. I wanna see your sinful lips stretched thin around me as you try and find out how much you can fit inside, I- arrghh,” Dean flops back onto the bed with a cry. “Yeah, fuck, just like that.”
“Thank you for taking me home, and sorry I ruined your evening.” The door is still open and cold wind sweeps into the room. He doesn’t close it, because that would mean he assumes Dean wants to stay. He isn’t even sure that he
“I came back early. I … ate something wrong, I think.” Cas mumbles, not even bothering with a believable lie, and avoids Gabe’s gaze.
When Dean convulses and spills hot down his throat, he swallows greedily, and the pulses fill his mouth, drip out of the corner of his lips, and still Dean’s cock jerks and spits out more. Cas takes it all. All the while, he fucks into their combined palms, the sounds of Dean’s climax fresh in his ears, his taste filling his mouth even when his softening cock slips free. Cas lets his head fall on Dean’s thigh as he chases after his own release.
Ellen came once a day, too, to bring Dean hot chicken soup. When he could sit again, she gave him a few pieces of cherrywood and the small knife. Dean’s fingers were clumsy and weak, but after a few days he was able to carve the wood into small figures. He had seen a chess game on the table of one of the rich costumers his dad used to visit, and he remembered feeling pure awe at the intricate little statues. Since he had no idea how the game worked and what stones would be required, he asked Cas to look it up for him. Cas’ eyes widened with instant curiosity: he didn’t know the rules either and he positively beamed with excitement to learn something new.
Dean saw the characters of the old plays in his mind and he wished he could somehow bring them to life and show them to others. The tragedies weren’t illustrated like the religious tomes, and he lamented the fact. When he told Ellen one day about his desire to create images of the scenes in his mind, her brow furrowed.
“Come on, Cas,” Dean pants in a rough voice, as if he’s the one being taken to the brink expertly and merciless, not Cas, “come for me.”
“Thank you,” Dean murmurs. Cas leans his head to the side and breathes in the scent of Dean, fresh sweat and the smallest hint of whiskey, feels Dean’s hair tickle his cheek, and a minute later, sleep drags him under.
“You mean the holiday you came back from so heart-broken that I wondered if I’d have to plant surveillance in your house?” Gabe asks back through his teeth, and Cas senses Dean’s head turning to him, his gaze intense like a touch on the side of his face.
They had saddled up when the first orange hues of dawn had crept through the trees behind the house. Now, the sun rose higher above the horizon, a sickly yellow, too weak to dissipate the moisture and the mist.
He gets back to the room and packs his suitcase, pausing now and then to look at the bed with its still rumpled sheets. On an impulse, he lays down on Dean’s side and tries to make out his scent on the pillow. It’s still there, faint, but unmistakable. He inhales deeply, shocked to find his body responding to the fragrance. He doesn’t do anything about it, just lets the soft hum of arousal flood through him.
Cas nods, because it apparently only takes a few minutes to learn that one doesn’t say no to Charlie.
Ellen sounds breathless when she tells them: “I have to cauterize the wound. Hold him still.” The sound of sizzling flesh and the burning stench make bile rise in Cas’ throat once more. And still, he keeps his grip, the warm skin under his hands the only thing that feels real.
“That’s it, baby.” Dean lifts Cas a little to get a better range, because he’s getting really fucking close, and no one can judge him for it when Cas is jerking himself as if he’s in a trance and making all those goddamn noises. Dean needs to watch Cas unravel before he comes. He bucks up harder, panting with the effort – he might get too old for this and his body will not thank him tomorrow, thank god it’s a Sunday – but the way Cas moans at the motion is well worth it.
“My attempt was a failure, so I thought I’d leave,” Cas says, but he says it slowly as if he’s just now realizing that he can’t just get up and go as long as Dean is sitting in his fucking lap like a fucking idiot. Dean starts scrambling backwards, but Cas’ grip on his hips tightens.
Garth beckons him to a slightly bigger building with cracks concrete and busted windows. “Come in,” he says, and enters through the metal door.
He’s only got time to slip from Dean’s mouth before his knees buckle and he sinks to the ground in an ungraceful heap. Dean chuckles and clears his throat. “Told you I was good,” he whispers almost voiceless. His throat must be raw after the way Cas used it.
“Me? Oh yeah, it’s great. Charlie’s here, too.” Cas waits for Dean to say something about him, about them, but Dean just huffs at what seems to be a question from Sam.
There’s a smile in his voice when Dean carries on. “Yeah, I bet you were desperate after listening to me. Show me,” he rasps, and that all it takes for Cas’ inhibitions to vanish. He blinks against the water, careful not to miss a second of Dean touching himself in front of him.
Cas does as he’s asked, eyes open now but unseeing, that dark blue glazed over. Cas’ hand wraps around his own cock. He gathers the wetness at the tip to spread it over himself.
Castiel seems to ponder that, and you had to know that face like Dean does to see the wheels turning behind his steady gaze. In the end, Castiel tilts his head in acknowledgement. “Was.” And then, “I’m sorry.”
The idea should have terrified him, but instead it made his hips stutter and then ripped a low groan from his mouth before he spilled over his hand.
If you enjoyed this story, please let me know, and maybe share it? Rebloggable tumblr post will follow soon.
Thinking back to their time at the Sunset Plaza, Dean sometimes can’t believe that this Cas is the same person that felt awkward over blowjobs. No that Dean minded at the time, in fact he loved the way Cas melted for him and allowed himself to let go just once. A lot has changed since then, though. Cas turned out to be the most responsive, eager partner Dean ever had, always shy at first to try something new, but once he made up his mind, he was a force to reckon with. Turns out, as much as Cas needs to be in control at work, he loves giving that control over to Dean once they’re home.
Cas laughs and nods. Dean is an incorrigible flirt, and Cas shouldn’t fall for it so easily, but he does, he loves it when Dean looks at him from under his lashes and spouts those cheesy lines. He just wishes he was better at responding.
With that, Lucifer rises to his feet and wipes his hand on his slacks. “Just something to think about while you watch him die,” he points to Cas. “I’ll leave you to it.”
He glides into the welcome coolness and swims over to Dean in four long strokes. It’s good to move. The familiar exercise dampens some of his nervous thoughts, and his body relaxes into the motion. Too soon, or not soon enough, Dean is next to him and Cas catches the edge of the pool as he realizes this is the deep end. He treads water while he blinks over at Dean.
Garth cleared his throat and took a step into the room. “Castiel, this is Dean. He will be staying with us and attempt the tenure as a lay brother.” Castiel’s gaze drifted to Garth. He beckoned with his hand to the center of the room.
“Bullshit,” Gabe gripes. He runs a hand through his hair and sighs like the weight of world is resting solely on his shoulders. His voice is softer when he continues. “What happened.”
“I’m not sulking,” Cas says to the closing door, but Gabe doesn’t deem that lie worthy of an answer.
He knew the bathroom door was thin. He heard Dean in the shower yesterday, so he really shouldn’t be surprised. But when he hears the first low moan wafting over, it’s still a shock. Against his will he calms is breathing and tries to hear more. There’s a faint wet rhythmic sound between the low moans. Cas feels a blush creep up his neck, he should be embarrassed of himself, but his body doesn’t mind. His cock hardens again while he listens to Dean jerking off in the other room, and his brain has no problem at all providing him with visuals.
“Yeah, you said that, and I … yeah, I … uhm … do that, too. But – what I need to know is, what you mean.” His heart is pounding in his throat and every nerve in his body is oh so ready to flee or fight, his muscles tense enough to cramp, but he’ll stay and hear Cas’ answer.
There’s a sigh lodged in his chest that finds its way out when Dean reacts, licks against the seam of his lips and dips inside Cas’ mouth. A tension that kept him strung tight for the last weeks loosens when Dean kisses him in earnest, curls his hand around Cas’ neck and makes a contended little sound, like he’s yearned for this just as much as Cas.
The motions stopped and Dean looked up. He could see that Cas tried to school his features, but there was fear beneath the leveled gaze. Cas’ eyes wandered over Dean before coming to rest on a point over his shoulder. The fact that he wouldn’t meet Dean’s eyes hadn’t bothered Dean in the last months. Now it hurt again.
They could have breakfast and go back to bed, make out and kiss and have sex. They could have today and tomorrow, and three mornings, afternoons and nights more, so many hours spent laughing and talking. Cas could lock his emotions away, make sure Dean never knows. He should. He should enjoy this while it lasts and save the heartbreak for later, when he’s alone in his house again and work will eat up his time and let him forget what he almost found at the Sunset Plaza.
The hunters from the other side came with them to get patched up and regroup. A few days ago, Sam went back with them, through the rift that Jack holds open with the sheer power of a Nephilim. Dean still isn’t sure he trust the kid, but even he can’t deny that his heart seems to be in the right spot. Jack promised to rebuild the alternative world as much as he can, clear the debris of the battles and bring the landscape back to life. When Dean had started packing his things to join them, Sam had stopped him.
“Dude. Do you even know my brother? He gets excited when I tell him that I tried a new cereal brand. He once compiled a binder about the pros and cons of porridge. If he gets even a whiff of a hint that I’m seeing someone, I would have a file as thick as my arm about that person on my desk two hours later.” He snorts again. “You were in the room, Cas. There’s no way I would have let him interrogate me over the phone while the person in question is in the room.”
“I want … so many things, half of them I don’t understand myself. But most of them involve you,” he concludes. “I always thought those things constitute being in love with someone.”
Something is very wrong, Cas can feel it in his bones, but he steps inside, curious how this will play out. “I don’t want to bother you–“
Seemingly done with scanning the surroundings, Castiel turns and looks in Dean’s direction. Dean still can’t wrap his head around the fact that he exists, in Jimmy’s vessel, so much the same and still so much other than his Cas. He doesn’t look away, lets himself be studied by the stranger, and studies him in turn. He always joked about Cas’ stoic composure, but now he realizes how much more expressive Cas has become over the years.
Sam bites his lip again to keep himself from smiling. Schooling his features, using his most neutral voice, he asks, “And do you want it to be sexual?”
Colleagues come and go, sitting down on the empty chairs at the table for a little bit of small talk before the go on to play snooker or dance on the small floor that’s huddled in one corner of the bar. Cas drifts in and out of the conversations, content to listen and people-watch. He notices Gabe’s and Sam’s eyes drifting to the door whenever it opens, but he doesn’t dare ask who they’re waiting for. The person never arrives. Neither does the mysterious date Gabe alluded to when they talked about the party weeks ago.
“This is not about me, Sam, it’s about Cas. I—he seems to like it. A lot.” He shoots Sam a glowering look as if he could
It feels like the beginning of something, and this time, Cas will be brave enough to grasp it with both hands.
His arm is heavy as a log when he slips his hand up to cup Cas’ jaw. The light stubble rasps against his skin. Dean’s drowning in the reality of it, the dark blue of Cas’ eyes. He’s dreamed of this, so many times, waking with his chest aching, chastising his unconscious for wanting something he can’t have.
“Huh? No,” the guy in jeans says while Cas steps up to the desk. He only spares a glance at the guy next to him, before he fixes his gaze on the clerk.
That got Cas’ attention. He reached for his belt and Dean, aware of Cas’ discomfort, turned around while he undressed. A minute later, splashing indicated that Cas had joined him in the water.
He clears his throat. “Uhm, yes. I met Dean at the Sunset Plaza and … we spend time together.” He risks a small glance over at Dean and holds his eyes while he says the next words. “I became intense, and I panicked for very silly reasons.” His chest aches as if his heart is pouring out through tiny cracks between his ribs, but he has to come clean about this.
Everything about Dean is sensual, from the way he curls his hands around his coffee mug to the subtle glances he shoots Cas now and then, to his laugh and the way his muscles move under the thin t-shirt he’s wearing. Cas isn’t used to the constant urge to make Dean smile or touch him, or be touched by him. It’s disconcerting, and it frightens Cas a little, but he decides to be brave and see where this leads, decides he’s due for a bit of happiness, and sitting here, warmed by Dean’s radiant smiles, makes him more happy than he’s been for a long time.
“I see,” Dean practically growls. His index finger is painting small circles into the palm of Cas’ hand. He looks like he wants to say more, but shakes his head with a chuckle and leans back, letting go of Cas’ hand. “Then I guess we should go and I’ll show you what I can do with that mouth, if you’re interested?”
Dean tries to focus on the problem at hand and swallows the searing rage that twists like a snake in his gut when he hears the name. It works. Cold determination takes its place. He will find Lucifer and kill him. His hands twitch with the need to close them around that bastard’s neck, and he clenches them, tight enough for his nails to leave marks in his palms.
Dean screams and screams until his throat is raw and tears are running down his cheeks, dripping onto the dusty floor beneath him.
“That’s right, and thank dad for that. It would only be a nuisance in my line of work. But it has come to my attention that a few of my brethren have had the questionable pleasure to grow one, for lack of a better term. For instance, when they lost their grace. Or died and came back from the dead. My father, you see, has a wicked sense of humor.”
“I’m sure we have lore on that, but I can’t guarantee it’s accurate. And there’s another point you have to consider.”
“Not yet,” Cas mumbles and presses a kiss against Dean’s pulse, so sweet and tender Dean’s heart melts with it. The moon rises over the quiet garden, and Cas is right here in his arms, and he still can’t believe his luck.
Cas was completely overwhelmed by all the sights, sounds, and smells. He couldn’t keep his head still. His gaze flitted from one thing to another and Cas realized that they had walked in where the food court was located.
He started moving again, this time a little faster and slightly harder. Cas moaned but kept his gaze locked with Dean’s. He continued to speed up his thrusts until he had a good rhythm going.
“Ok, I’m going to get dad and we will get you to the hospital,” Sam shouted as he rushed from the kitchen.
Dean chuckled and replied, “Well, it was stupid to think that a bedsheet tied around your neck would allow you to fly.”
Cas reached out and trailed his fingers through Dean’s short blonde hair before dragging a single finger down his temple, across his cheek, and settling against his lip. Cas knew he would never get the opportunity to hear Dean say that he loved the angel. He didn’t want to miss the opportunity to tell Dean how he felt. He let his mouth hover over Dean’s as he said, “I love you” before softly touching his lips to the hunter’s.
Dean stared at her in shock, his mouth suddenly dry. He licked his lips a few times and replied, “Yeah, that’s him.”
Cas shook his head, amazed by how ingenious his son could be. He ruffled Jack’s hair and said, “When did my little boy get so smart? I think that’s a great idea!”
“It isn’t! Oh, how rotten am I,” the skull said in a sing-song voice, which was horribly off-key. “I’ll talk all you want, but I won’t spill my secrets! Oh, how rotten am I.”
Cas looked at his alarm clock and was surprised to see how late it was. At least he could sleep in the next morning. He plugged his phone into charge, used the bathroom, and brushed his teeth before crawling into bed.
Cas braced his hands against Dean’s chest to give him as much leverage as possible as he bounced up and down in Dean’s lap. He pulled up until just the tip of Dean’s cock was still in him and then slammed down, pushing Dean’s cock as far inside his channel as possible. His veins were turning into molten lava and Cas could feel his orgasm approaching.
Castiel reached for Dean’s hand, and Meg thought, “Good. The magic will not come to me; there is nothing I can do. We will all walk out of here, and Dean and Castiel will be able to live a life together. Dean will never truly understand what Castiel has given him, but then again, neither will Castiel. If only we could have saved the unicorns.”
“Hey there, brother,” Benny replied, his Cajun accent thick as ever. “Finally got that angel, I see.”
If it was possible, Cas’ cheeks were going to melt with how warm they were turning. He had never blushed so much in his life, and he had only known this stranger-no, Dean- for a few minutes. “Hello, Dean. My name is, uh, Castiel Novak, but you can call me Cas. I’m a Libra; I enjoy reading by the fire, playing with my son, and, um, handsome blondes with green eyes and freckles.” Cas’ couldn’t believe how bold he had just been, and he felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest.
Dean pushed one of the heavy barn doors to the side and motioned for Cas to enter before him, letting the door roll shut as he followed his boyfriend inside. It was too dark in the fading light, and Dean quickly flipped a switch on the wall, causing light to flood the room from the dozens of lanterns hanging from the ceiling. He grinned when he heard a gasp leave his boyfriend’s lips.
Castiel shut his bedroom door behind him and was startled to hear a voice. “My, my, how the mighty have fallen.”
Dean couldn’t, though. He was backed into a corner, surrounded on all sides by his enemies and hearing Cas’ speech and the thought of losing him all at once had been too much. He had been trying to figure out why Cas was saying goodbye in such a way. He was still trying to comprehend the idea that Cas saw him as anything other than a monster, how could he process the angel’s true feelings in seconds. Dean was never good at emotions, choosing to bottle them up until he lashed out. He had no other idea how to handle the strength at which he felt things.
Cas cupped Dean’s jaw. “One day, I’ll convince you not to feel bad about me becoming human. Do you want to know what I gave up? I gave up an extremely long life, most of which I don’t remember. I gave up my brothers and sisters, most of whom don’t like me, because I chose you over them. I gave up Heaven, a place that never felt like home. I gave up powers that made life easier but so what. My powers meant nothing to me if I didn’t have you with me. If I had chosen to stay an angel, the Shadow would have never broken its deal, and I’d be locked away in the Empty right now. I chose to live, Dean, and I choose to make a life with you so please, get over this guilt. I would choose you every time.”
As soon as they broke apart, Dean’s arms were full of an ecstatic redhead. “OH MY GOSH! CONGRATULATIONS, YOU GUYS! I’M SO HAPPY FOR YOU!”
The men continued to crash into the woods. Eillen stared at Chuck, a bright smile on her face. “No, Chuck, you and me and the rest of us are the lie.” She then turned and ran into the forest like all the others.
They did a quick search and found two sticks from under one of the trees and found a handful of rocks by the pond. They stuck the sticks on either side of the snowman’s middle and made a smiley face and a row of buttons with the stones. Cas wrapped the scarf around the snowman’s neck, then let Jack put the hat on the top of his head and stick the carrot on his face.
Dean and Sam pulled their guns out and started firing bullet after bullet into the comic entity. With every bullet that buried itself in Chuck’s body, he grew weaker as more light flowed from the wounds. Jack pulled an angel blade from his sleeve and charged forward, swiping at Chuck every chance he got. Chuck suddenly swiped his hand, sending Dean and Sam flying against the walls. He then grabbed Michael by the arm and threw him across the barn and through the walls. He wrapped his hand around Jack’s throat and squeezed.
Chuck’s face filled with rage. “Don’t speak of that bastard in my camp! There’s not a man in this camp who hasn’t been wronged by old King Winchester- forced from his home or robbed of his hard-earned pay. My men live for the day they can enact revenge on the tyrant. King Winchester will pay for his misdeeds!”
It was easy to find things that Cas liked. He liked the Bohemian style clothing the most and Dean was glad there was a store that sold that kind of clothing specifically. He was even happier when the sales associate, Alice, took it in stride that Cas wanted skirts. She helped determine his size and then showed him a variety of patterns and materials. She also helped him pick out some shirts which he preferred the male style in. He got a few pairs of shoes, a few jackets, a couple scarves, some hats, and some jewelry.
Cas shook his head emphatically. “Absolutely not! You are doing so well. You’re actually a week ahead of schedule since you’ve drunk no more than three beers a day this week. Hanging out with Benny isn’t worth screwing up your progress, Dean.”
“I’ve been dead for years and have sat on this mantle with nothing to do. I’m dead and therefore don’t have much for forms of entertainment. I find it highly amusing to irritate you, so I think I shall keep doing so. Ask me tomorrow, and I might answer you,” the skull said, chuckling loudly.
Dean chuckled. “Cas, we were literally caught inside the Scooby Doo universe and you still won’t call it by name.” The angel rolled his eyes as they walked hand in hand out of the meadow.
Cas wrapped the blanket tighter around his shoulders and stared into the flickering flames. “There were nearly a dozen black-covered wagons, each one filled with a beast that was but wasn’t at the same time. It was like monstrous shadows were looming over each one. There is a brown-haired woman with bloody hands who has seen more years than it seems.”
Jack was helping Michael to his feet. They both seemed fine, a few scratches but nothing serious. Dean did a quick stock of his own body. Besides a couple of cuts and bruises, he was surprisingly unharmed. He walked to where the two angels were standing.
I died because I got stabbed by a vampire while protecting Sam. I refused to let him or Jody or any of the other girls call for help. I could have lived, probably, but I didn’t want to. I made my choice, Bobby. I didn’t even know if I would end up in Heaven or Hell, but I was tired of plastering a smile on my face and pretending to be happy. Without… without Cas, I just don’t do well on my own. I’m sorry if I let you down.”
The king’s footsteps were growing louder, and he yelled, “You are the one that told them the truth! I will smash you along with the blasted clock!”
It was Cas who was pulling Dean this time. They dropped to their knees in the middle of the blankets uncaring of the petals that were being crushed beneath them. For minutes they did nothing more than make out and run hands over each other. Dean whimpered when that was no longer enough.
Dean raised his bowed legs in the air and hooked his arms underneath his knees without being told. He hissed when the cool air brushed against his entrance. “Please, honeybee, want you so bad.”
He then scooted down so that he could press open mouth kisses to Dean’s shoulder then along his chest. The whispered words, “Clavicle, manubrium, sternum, ribs,” were barely audible to Dean’s ears but he hung on to every word. With every term spoken, the voices went incrementally quieter.
“Because if anyone would understand, it would be Gabe and Cas. From what I’ve learned between the two of them, they didn’t grow up in the most accepting household Dean. They aren’t going to judge you; if anything, they will sympathize with you,” Sam explained.
Dean finally pulled into town and decided to head to the shopping center, hoping to get most of his Christmas shopping done in one place. He parked Baby and pulled his phone out to look at the list he had made so far.
Two days later, nearly five dozen people were gathered around a wooden funeral pyre. Dean’s blanket-wrapped body was in the middle, flames slowly burning it to ash. There wasn’t a single dry eye as everyone said their goodbyes to the world’s most famous hunter. Sam, Eileen, and Miracle were silent as they watched the flames lick around Dean’s body. On either side of them stood Rowena, Jody, Donna, Claire, Kaia, Alex, and Patience. Behind them stood dozens of hunters and many of the people from the Apocalypse world they had saved. News of Dean’s death had spread quickly, and Sam realized that Dean was right. Even though his brother was gone, Sam wasn’t alone.
Eileen’s eyes grew large, and terror spread across her face. She pointed behind Meg, and the magician turned around. The Bull stood before them, taking up the entire tunnel and seeming to bleed from the very walls of the passage. Dean and Castiel were far closer, and Dean had already brandished his sword. The sword erupted into flames with a resounding roar from the Bull, causing Dean to drop it and watch it shatter into pieces.
Gabe eyed Sam before looking back at Dean. “That’s not the only reason I want to thank you. Cas told me what transpired between the two of you when you got to his house.”
Eileen crumbled to the ground and pulled the man’s head into her lap. She ran her fingers through the thick black locks, exposing his face to the night. She kept whispering over and over, “What have you done?”
Dean threw his arm over Cas’ waist and snuggled closer, his chest plastered to the other man’s back. He pressed feather-light kisses to Cas’ neck; his lips turned up in a smile. “Morning, angel,” Dean whispered.
“Well, ice is more to help reduce swelling rather than take pain away. Have you taken any Ibuprofen?” Cas pulled up a chair so he could examine Dean’s eye better. He gently prodded at the skin.
“C’mon, Eileen,” Meg said, grabbing her friend’s hand and hauling her towards the clock. They didn’t have time to falter as they ran forward, slamming their eyes shut and waiting for the inevitable. Instead of crashing into the wood of the clock, they were suddenly surrounded by cold air, and the faint sound of crashing waves could be heard.
Dean grabbed Cas’ hand. “Honeybee, it’s been twelve years to the day since we met. Now that we’re together, I wanted to do something special for you. It is our anniversary, after all.”
“SAM, DEAN,” Jack shouted. He looked at Chuck, his eyes glowing a deep gold. “NO! You will not hurt them or this world any longer!” He shot a bolt of darkness straight into Chuck’s chest.
Dean cried for nearly ten minutes before the tears finally ran dry. He slumped against Sam in defeat, uncaring that his brother had seen him in such a state. Sam maneuvered them until they sat on the bed side by side. They sat there in silence, neither knowing what to say.
Jack followed Cas onto the porch and impatiently waited for his dad to grab the supplies. When Cas walked back out, Jack stared at him, a frown on his face. “What took you so long? You were gone for like an hour!”
Jack, seeing Dean’s tears, said, “I’m sorry if I overstepped. I thought you would want everyone here. I guess I was-”
Cas opened the door to his and Dean’s apartment and was surprised to see Sam standing on the other side. “Uh, hi Sam, I thought you weren’t going to be here until tomorrow,” Cas said as he stepped aside to let his boyfriend’s brother walk through the door.
“Dean, Jack, and I are going to open presents, and then we are heading over to Sam’s place to spend Christmas with them and some friends. Jack is looking forward to all the presents and food,” Cas explained.
Cas rolled his eyes but told his boyfriend to grab the underwear. Dean placed another quick kiss on his cheek before getting out of the car to open the trunk. Once Castiel had put the clothing on, he slipped out of the car and the two headed inside.
Cas laughed when Dean flipped him the bird. They watched TV for a couple hours before they headed to bed. When Cas woke up the next morning, he checked his phone and was surprised to see a new voicemail.
“I like the sound of that a lot but why are you going to wait a few days to call Sam?” Cas asked with his signature head tilt.
Castiel cautiously swam forward until he could reach out and touch the cauldron. “You can make Dean and I be together?”
A tall, willowy man walked into the clearing. He wore nothing but green except for the brown boots that covered his feet. He held a large bow in his left hand, and a quiver of arrows was slung over his back. He ignored the men calling to him and walked straight through the clearing before vanishing into the shadows. Soon, others followed in his wake.
Cas stood, leaning against the railing, and Dean moved behind him, plastering his chest against his husband’s back. He trailed feather-light kisses along Cas’ neck. “I love you, Mr. Winchester.”
Castiel felt anger flash through him and his wings arced up high above his head. “You’re not much of a friend to Dean. You sit here and say if I were to leave, Dean would have nobody to support him. What about yourself Benny; are you not his friend? Do you not care about him? Regardless, I am not leaving anytime soon. I will be here tomorrow and the day after that and I will continue to be here for Dean until his life is back on track. Maybe the reason it has gotten so bad for him is because he had nobody to support him in the first place,” Castiel growled at the man sitting across from him.
“Dean shut up. I’m glad you did what you did. I told you if a customer couldn’t support you or at least be civil towards you then I didn’t want them as a customer, and I meant it. Alistair is an asshole anyways. Besides, with the deal with the school and potentially Benny’s restaurant, we will be just fine. I’m proud of you for standing up for yourself Dean.” Sam raised his beer in salute to his brother and then took a long swig.
Cas rubbed the lube between his fingers, making sure it was warm enough. He circled one lubed finger around Dean’s entrance, smiling as the muscles contracted. “So beautiful and all mine,” Cas whispered as he slid one finger past Dean’s rim.
Cas blinked back a few tears of his own as he wrapped Dean in his arms. “I do, and I always will. For the past twelve years, every decision I have made was for you, to protect you and keep you safe and alive. You are my shining star, sweetheart.”
They knocked their beers against each other and dug into their meal. They were mostly silent as they ate, enjoying each other’s company, happy that they were even alive to celebrate. They both knew how close they had come to dying or losing one another in the battle against Chuck.
Dean gasped and tightened around the sudden intrusion. “Shit, it’s been a while since I’ve bottomed.”
With a valiant effort, Dean rolled them over, pinning the smaller man beneath him. He undulated his hips against Cas’, increasing the friction and causing his dick to harden to an almost unbearable point. He slammed his mouth against Cas’, trying to ground himself amongst the flood of pleasure on his senses.
Cas shoved his boyfriend playfully when Dean kept teasing him about winning their little game. Their last stop of the day was the gift shop. Dean told Cas to go look and see if there was anything he liked. After an hour of looking around, Dean went to go find Cas to see what he had picked up. Dean had a few items of his own picked out. He had found a stuffed jaguar, a tiger statue, a key chain for his mom, and a magnet for Sam.
Cas frowned as he stared at Dean, “Even pep rallies and football games are not as cacophonous as that was.”
“I..I don’t..I don’t have an issue,” Dean spluttered as he slammed down his third shot for the night.
Dean slammed the bottle down hard enough he was surprised it didn’t shatter. “I do NOT have a crush on him, and we did NOT flirt! Cas is a valued customer and I just wanted to make sure that he was pleased with his purchase!”
The older man was silent; his eyes hadn’t left Castiel’s figure, and he was eager to speak to the man. “What reason have you come to see the king?”
Before Cas could say anything, he was thrown from the dream world and the next moment he was standing beside Sam. He looked down at Dean to see the hunter staring at him with pain-filled eyes. “Cas,” he whined.
A few months later, Michael had stopped by to visit Cas and Jack to check in on them. While Jack lay on the floor, playing in his baby gym, Cas told his brother that he had started on a manuscript and was thinking about opening his own bookstore if his book made enough profit. Michael had scoffed at the idea and told Cas he was insane. He told Cas that he thought the best thing his brother could do would be to put Jack up for adoption and come back to work at their parents’ company. It was apparent Cas couldn’t raise Jack on his own, and ever since he had left the company, he had struggled to make ends meet. Cas had been appalled at Michael’s suggestion and had demanded he leave that instant. Michael had sneered and told Cas that he would walk out the door if his brother didn’t do as he said. Cas had made sure to slam the door behind Michael’s back as he walked to his car.
Cas didn’t know what to say and kept looking between the car and Dean. He didn’t want to hurt his new friend’s feelings and so he kept silent.
He then dragged his fingers down the man’s defined abs into his happy trail stopping just above his cock. Castiel bucked his hips, hoping to get Dean’s hand around his leaking cock. Dean smirked before dragging his fingers around the erection and down the man’s toned legs.
Cas pulled away with a pop and wrapped a hand around his own cock and squeezed. Pleasuring Dean had aroused him more than he realized “When I cum, it will be inside of you. I want you so bad sweet one.”
Cas felt his wings flare in anger. “What does it matter to you, Michael? Why do you care what I’ve done? Ever since I made my choice, you have done nothing but taunt me! If I have disappointed you and disgust you, then why are you so concerned with me?”
Cas made sure Jack’s hat was low enough on his head and his jacket was buttoned up before they made their way outside. Dean grabbed Cas’ hand in his as they strolled down the street. While they walked, Dean pointed out the different shops to Cas and Jack, telling them about the people who owned each place. Cas smiled as he listened to Dean, ecstatic to have found such a caring and thoughtful soulmate.
He paused his thrusts long enough for Dean to push off the headboard and lean against Cas’ chest. Cas wrapped one arm around Dean’s chest and a hand fisted his cock. Dean’s hand’s gripped Cas’ thighs tightly as he resumed shoving into Dean’s channel. He threw his head back to rest on Cas’ shoulder, his mouth hanging open.
“So, maybe you should get out some,” Dean retorted. “If I need to make friends, then so should you.”
He dropped his purchases in his room and walked into the kitchen. He looked at the clock and saw only an hour had passed since Dean had gone to sleep. He didn’t need sleep and resigned himself to waiting by himself until Dean woke up.
Sam and Cas woke up the following morning to find breakfast waiting for them. Dean had gotten up to use the bathroom and hadn’t been able to fall back asleep. While they were eating, he saw his boyfriend itching at his skin.
The unicorn stared at the other creatures and tossed his head in agitation. “The wyvern is just a large lizard; there’s not a chance of it flying away. The basilisk is nothing more than a two-foot-long snake. Nobody needs to fear its stare. Ha, the great chimera is just a shabby old lion! He could eat the witch if he got out, but he isn’t monstrous or murderous like a real chimera.”
“I would rather be spending the night with Eileen but you’re the one who forced me to come with you. I don’t really feel like playing your wingman tonight jerk,” Sam replied, rubbing at his face tiredly.
Dean stood to his feet and shakily slid the ring onto Cas’ outstretched finger. He dropped the box to the ground, and he pulled Cas into his arms, kissing him passionately. Their lips slid against each other while their tongues danced together. When they finally broke apart, tears were rolling down both their cheeks. “You made my heart stop there for a second when you didn’t respond. I was about to start freaking out,” Dean said, his voice wavering.
“Thanks. I would say we could go watch TV, but it’s been broken for days now. Not really much to do around here,” Dean said with a frown.
Dean turned his head sharply when he heard a wet, sticky sound behind him. An inky black hole was forming in the wall. Dean could feel the tears building in his eyes as he watched the slimy tentacles starting to take form. He turned back to the angel, a thousand words on the tip of his lips. “Cas,” he gasped out.
Cas pushed the blanket off his head and glared at his son, who was currently sitting on his father’s stomach, his little knees bruising Cas’ internal organs. “Good morning, Jack. Is there a reason you’re up so early and jumping in my bed?”
Cas nearly dropped the phone at hearing his brother’s news. “Gabe, are you serious? You’re really moving up here?”
Finally, the unicorn came to rest beside a small pond. He stared at his reflection, a little vain as was the rest of his kind. All around him, he could hear the sounds of his forest, but he felt alone for the first time in his life. No matter how hard he tried, the hunter’s words would not leave his mind. He stomped his hoof in agitation as his gaze traveled through the foliage.
“It’s ok. I was just telling Sam about what happened with Alistair. You were right, he didn’t care that I caused us to lose him as a customer. He was proud of me for standing up for myself,” Dean said with self-satisfaction.
He had wanted to say something back to Cas, to tell the angel how much he had changed Dean and how much Dean loved him right back, but he couldn’t. All he could do was beg Cas not to say something so huge when they were on the precipice of dying. He had hoped if he didn’t say it back, that maybe it would keep Cas from being taken from him. Because, he had lost Cas so many times before and couldn’t handle the thought of losing him again. But it didn’t matter. Apparently just telling Dean that he loved him was enough. Now, Cas was gone and Dean was alone.
He struggled to pull his phone out and call Sam. His brother came running into the kitchen fifteen minutes later. He was horrified to see his brother laying on the floor covered in blood and rapidly appearing bruises.
“Sam was always super smart and there was no doubt he was going to college, but I always thought he would go to college here so that we could still be together. Then he comes to me and tells me he’s going to Stanford. Stanford Cas, that’s fucking thousands of miles away,” he was practically shouting, garnering attention from a few other patrons.
Before Cas could speak, they heard footsteps coming down the stairs, and the king’s voice echoed off the stone walls. “I heard Dean singing! Why is he singing?”
Dean slid from the bed and returned a moment later. He trailed the warm cotton against Cas’ stomach and around his cock and thighs, gently cleaning the drying semen from his skin. He then wiped his own cock and his ass off before dropping the rag to the ground and climbing back into bed.
Dean looked at Cas, tears shining in his eyes. The angel’s eyes were brimming with unshed tears just waiting to overflow. Dean swallowed thickly as he asked, “Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
“Dude, I own a bakery; who would I be if I didn’t have cherry pie? Although, my cherry pie is nowhere near as good as Dean’s. I can outbake him in every way except when it comes to cherry pie. I don’t know how he does it, but his recipe is just better than mine,” Charlie explained, her lips turned down in a pout.
John nodded sadly. “I know. Dean, I screwed up so much with you boys. I hope one day you can forgive me, and we can try and be the family we were always supposed to be.”
Cas shut the door and led the way to the kitchen. “No, it’s not a problem at all. Dean is supposed to stop by the store on the way home to pick up some pillows and a spare blanket for you. I still have to blow up the air mattress for you to use.” He grabbed two beers from the fridge and sat at the table before passing one to Sam.
Dean’s lips curved up in the corners, and his eyes were soft as he stared into Cas’ blue eyes. “You want to know why these past five years haven’t mattered? It’s because the person I love wasn’t there to share them with me. Sam got Eileen back, but I didn’t get you back. I love you, Cas, and a life without you isn’t a life I want to live.”
In the next instant, the Empty was gone and, in his place, stood a confused angel. Cas’ eyes widened at seeing Dean and Billie. He shook his head as he said sadly, “This is another form of torture, isn’t it?”
Castiel sighed heavily, bored with what was going on in front of him. “This is going nowhere. Can I go find Dean now?”
When they broke apart, Dean’s eyes were full of hunger as he gazed at his boyfriend. Cas’ eyes were blown wide and their light blue had darkened considerably.
Cas wet his lips and swallowed past the lump in his throat. “My parents disapproved of me having a child with someone who wasn’t my soulmate. When Jack’s mother died, I struggled for a little bit, and without my brother, Gabe, I’m not sure I would have made it. My eldest brother, Michael, said the best thing I could do would be to put Jack up for adoption and go back to work for my parents. My whole life, I had let my parents rule my life; I refused to let them force me to get rid of Jack. They officially disowned me and said the only way they would take me back is if I put Jack up for adoption. Before I moved here, Michael stopped by and made sure Jack heard everything he had to say. Michael’s lucky I didn’t strangle him. Jack cried for days, and I was afraid it would have lasting effects on his psyche.”
“If you couldn’t come with me, it’s not a place I would want to go anyway,” Dean said softly, placing another loving kiss on Cas’ lips.
Dean turned around. He fought back the whimper that threatened to escape. Cas looked so forlorn and reminded Dean of a child who had lost their parents. “There’s nothing wrong between us, Cas. I’m glad to have you back; how could you think I wasn’t?”
Cas sighed. “Sam, I don’t know what happened between you and Dean, but whatever it was, it caused Dean to spiral into a bottomless pit. He’s been dealing with alcoholism and depression and much more for years now. It all stems from your fight.”
“No problem. Thanks for the discount. Have a Merry Christmas,” Dean said before walking out of the store and dropping his bags off at Baby.
A tidal wave of guilt crashed through Dean at the ex-angel’s words. Cas was sitting in his room, rejection, and sorrow leaking from every pore. And it was all Dean’s fault. He had been trying to hide his feelings, and in doing so, had hurt Cas yet again. Dean realized if there was one person in this world that he didn’t want to hurt ever again, it was Cas.
It wasn’t just at mealtime that the two found themselves enjoying one another’s company. When Dean wasn’t patrolling with Sam or his father, he was with Cas. Like Sam did with Eileen, he took Cas on picnics when the weather permitted, having learned that Cas loved being outside under the sun. When it was too cold or rainy, they would wander the hallways and staircases, singing and telling stories. While Cas wasn’t one for reading books, not having the skill to do so, he was a master storyteller. He could paint a world full of color and fantastical beasts, so real Dean felt as if he was actually in the place Cas described.
Sensing Cas’ nervousness, Dean pressed a gentle kiss to Cas’ cheek. “He’ll be fine, promise. Charlie would never let anything happen to him.”
“I’m talking about Papa, Daddy,” Jack replied as if it was obvious who he was talking about. He looked at Dean and said, “Will you, Papa? Will you carry me?”
The little boy was jumping on the balls of his feet, making it hard for Cas to wipe his face off completely. “Daddy, hurry up! I want to watch cartoons!”
Cas shifted to scan across the writhing bodies before pointing to a short man with long golden hair in the middle of the floor grinding between a guy and girl. “My brother Gabriel is the short man with the long blonde hair underneath the disco ball. It seems he is enjoying himself without me. I wish I could leave but he’s my ride home.”
“I guess I’ll take the bathroom. The hallway closet should have everything you need. If it doesn’t just ask me,” Dean replied.
He pushed a finger inside of Cas’ tight hole, effectively silencing the man. He waited for the muscle constricting around his finger to relax before moving the finger in and out. Once he could easily move one finger, he added a second.
“We’re good; been crazy busy this past week. Did you find the dresser to your satisfaction?” He took a swig of his beer.
Cas chuckled at his boyfriend. “You can have all the cuddles in the world. Nobody would ever be able to tell that you were nervous as you stood up to Alistair. You’ve come a long way Dean in a short time.”
He landed softly in the grass and let Dean’s legs drop from his arm. He moved his arm from Dean’s shoulders to his waist as he slotted their mouths together. When they pulled apart, Dean finally opened his eyes. “I love you angel. Thanks for understanding. I know you really wanted me to see the view from your eyes, but I just couldn’t.”
Kevin stood in front of them, a lopsided grin on his face. “Alright, smile, you guys.” He snapped a couple of pictures, then said, “Got it. Now, we just need Jack.”
Cas took them without hesitation. “Of course, monkey. I just need to talk to Kevin for a few minutes, and then we’ll be good to go. Just give me five minutes, ok?”
Dean’s eyes lit up in laughter as a smile ghosted across his face. Cas had stayed silent, he enjoyed watching the interactions between the two brothers, although he was confused about how baseball had been brought into the conversation but figured he would just ask Dean later.
Eileen huffed out a breath and thought about her next words carefully before replying, “Any person can heal with their hands, and haven’t you ever found yourself incapable of doing something that you once could? As for the other stuff, you wouldn’t believe me if I told you. Just accept the fact that Castiel is unique and different from any other person you have ever met.”
Dean made a squaking sound just before the man’s chapped lips smashed against his own. He groaned low in his throat and the guy took the opportunity to slip his tongue into Dean’s mouth. The man dominated the kiss, stroking over every last inch of Dean’s mouth before pulling away.
Once pregnant, the siren would return to the sea and raise their young, never to return to land again. Sirens could only have one child throughout their life, therefore the land held nothing for them once they became pregnant. The humans were left behind, disoriented but with no memories of that night, the siren song doing its job.
Cas stood to his full height, his wings stretching to their full length. They easily passed through the objects in Dean’s kitchen, but Michael would be able to see the threat. “I did what I had to do. As you said, I have never failed with any of my charges and I refuse to fail with this one. Dean deserves a chance. If my life is the price that needs to be paid, then so be it.”
As they stood there, the cold tiles beneath their feet started shaking, and a low rumble reverberated through the very walls. They shared a glance between them, both knowing that it was the Red Bull. Ever since they had arrived, he left the castle each night, searching for the trophy that eluded him.
Dean grumbled as he grabbed his suit and headed back into the bathroom. “I’m not gonna wrinkle the damn thing. Cas already got onto me about it.”
Cas dropped his hand and grabbed the bottle of lube. He squirted a dollop on his cock and then spread the oily substance on his stiff shaft. Once his cock was lubed, he spread Dean’s legs, exposing his entrance once more. Cas moved to position his cock at Dean’s hole, sliding the head against Dean’s rim, enjoying the whimpers he pulled from his lover’s mouth.
As promised, the day after Dean and Cas met, they, along with Jack, had finished up their Christmas shopping and had dinner with Dean’s family. Cas had been a nervous wreck standing outside Ellen and Bobby’s house, terrified that they would hate him or think he wasn’t good enough for Dean. No amount of reassurance from Dean had been able to calm his overstretched nerves, and by the time Ellen opened the door, Cas had almost fainted.
“He wants to be the one to finally give you away,” Cas replied. “He has Eileen to look after him, and we have each other. He said it’s the icing on the cake of this whole retired life. Even though you will always look out for each other, you’ve finally passed the mantle of taking care of one another to someone else.”
Dean cast a sideway glance to the man sitting across from him. “Easier said than done buddy. Besides coffee, I’m not sure I’ve drunk anything else in years. Pretty sure my body thinks beer is water at this point.”
Dean ground his teeth together in agitation. He plastered a fake smile on his face. “Of course, your majesty. I shall return when the deed is done.” Dean turned on his heel and walked from the throne room.
“Well, what are you boys waiting for? Get your butts out of here,” Jody cried, shooing them off. “The rest of us can get this place cleaned up.”
As usual, Cas ignored him and took a seat at the table. Charlie immediately jumped in his lap and started purring. Cas ran his hand through her fur rhythmically, completely focused on the task.
Cas increased the pressure against Dean’s arm, hoping to convey a sense of apology and comfort to the man. “I’m sorry Dean. Were you close to one another? My own mother and I are estranged. She never accepted the fact that I was gay, and I never knew my father.”
They finally came to a small, barren chamber with nothing but a single, large chair sitting against the far wall. There was a single window on the left wall, the primary source of light for the cold and empty room. There were a few flickering lanterns on the walls, but they produced so little light, that most of the room was still cast in shadows.
While they waited for Dean’s food to arrive, they resumed their earlier conversation. “So, how’d you get evicted?”
The man thrashed his head. “No, I won’t go to the castle! I am a unicorn, the last unicorn, and I shall remain that way. Give me back my true form, and I will leave this place and go back to my forest and my pool. Nothing but evil has happened to me since I left, and I know more evil awaits me if I go to that castle.”
Dean pressed his lips to Cas’ again, reveling in the fact that he could. He rested his palm against Cas’ cheek, his thumb rubbing soothing circles into the smooth skin. “I guess you were right,” he murmured between them.
Cas smiled softly at his friend. “Dean, I enjoy spending time with you, don’t doubt that. I think it’s a good idea, though, that we do start spending a little time away from each other. You need more friends than just me.”
“What?” Dean exclaimed. “Cas, that won’t do. You and Jack will just have to spend Christmas with my family and me. There’s no way you guys are gonna be alone.”
Dean nodded his head, tears glimmering in the corners of his eyes. “I hear you. I’m just happy to see you.”
Billie sighed. “If it wasn’t for this human, God would have destroyed us all, you and I included. If it wasn’t for Dean, you wouldn’t be standing here arguing with me.”
Garth beamed at him as he walked around the counter and pulled Dean into a tight hug. It had taken Dean a while to get used to the man’s hugs, but now, he quietly returned them. Garth pulled away and said, “Long time no see. How’ve you been? How’re the munchkins?”
“Oh, hush.” Cas gave a light slap to Dean’s arm and then turned to his son. “Alright, monkey, you can open your gift.”
“Well, if you trust him, then that’s enough for me. I guess we better all get some shut eye. We’ve got God to kill in the morning,” Dean said.
Cas carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I know what you mean. Never in my existence have I never not had a job to do. It’s kind of exhilarating to not have anything to do.”
“I’m going to hold you to that, Dean. According to my brother, a vulture makes for better conversation than I do,” Cas said, his lips forming a soft frown.
Castiel frowned. “The Bull? Why would I need the Bull? What would I even do with him? How much does such a creature eat?”
Sam looked at his brother in shock. “Dean, why would you give up? I know how much you care for Castiel; surely you will fight for him to notice you.” He turned to Eileen and repeated what his brother had said. “Tell him he’s crazy,” he implored.
Dean and Cas get to know each other better. Cas and Sam's first meeting doesn't go as planned and neither does his first time meeting Jo and Ellen. What happens when one of Dean's colleagues becomes suspicious of some mysterious tracks they found in the sand?
He knew that and that was why he had never admitted his own feelings. How could he? He was destruction incarnate and Cas was pure and shining and so bright it hurt Dean to look at him sometimes. For some reason, Cas had always stuck by Dean’s side from the moment he pulled him from Hell. He had always been the one willing to go with Dean whether it be a simple hunt or a suicide mission. At first Cas had just been another monster on the board but he had quickly moved to ally to friend to best friend to family and finally to the person Dean was in love with. And now, when the world was falling apart and Dean needed something to hold onto more than ever, he was gone.
Bobby, John, Mary, and Mrs. Moseley sat at one table. Mrs. Moseley and Mary were talking about something, smiles on both their faces while John and Bobby sat there quietly. Dean figured Bobby hadn’t forgiven his dad for the way he has raised Dean and Sam. Truthfully, Dean hadn’t either but having his father at his wedding helped make up for some of the stuff he had done over the years.
Dean pulled him in for another kiss. It started out tender but then Cas licked across his lips, requesting access into his mouth. Dean opened without thought, and Cas quickly slid his tongue inside. Their tongues tapped and wound against each other. Dean slipped his arms around Cas’ back and waist, slotting their bodies perfectly against each other. Cas had one hand holding tightly onto Dean’s hip and the other was wrapped in the man’s blonde hair.
“It’s not just that it’s a mess. It needs some repairs, but my landlord refuses to fix them until I get caught up on the rent. I can’t even complain because why should he pay to fix them when I haven’t even paid him,” Dean replied with a frown as he started walking down the street.
“You would be the one to fall in love with a siren who has a tail like a leopard shark which just happens to be your favorite animal, jerk,” Sam teased his older brother.
Sam nodded, a grin on his face. “I can’t tell you how happy I am for you guys!” He handed Dean one of the coffee cups as he settled at the small table. He grabbed one of the bags and started pulling food from it.
Dean groaned as he stood from working underneath the hood of a car. He grabbed the rag from his back pocket and used it to wipe the sweat from his brow. It was the hottest day so far this summer and he couldn’t wait to get off work and go home and take a swim in his pool. He walked around to the driver’s side of the car and slid into the seat. He turned the key, smiling as the car started with a purr.
Dean cursed inside his head before getting out and rushing to Cas’ side. He touched the man on the shoulder, trying not to frighten the man further.
John and Gordon and Alistair’s voices were competing in Dean’s head to be heard the loudest. They were so cacophonous that not even Mary or Sam’s voices could be recognized. Every slur, insult, and ill word spoken to Dean was racing through his mind. He tried to fight them, but he wasn’t strong enough to do it on his own. He had never been strong enough to do it alone.
Dean’s face was set in a hard line as he said, “Are you gonna keep your word? Are you gonna bring everybody back?”
The butterfly laughed and said, “There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid.” Then the butterfly shook his head as if confused and said, “His first Bull has majesty, and his horns are the horns of a wild ox. With his horns, he shall push the unicorns, all of them, to the ends of the earth. Listen, listen, listen quickly.”
Eileen moved to stand closer to the distraught man. She licked her dry lips and asked, “Why do you say at first and speak as if you’re talking about the past? You… you are still a unicorn.” Castiel barked out a short laugh. He turned to face Eileen, and she let out a small gasp. While his eyes were still a magnificent blue, they weren’t as magical and full of life as they had been when he first became human.
When Dean walked out the bathroom, he stopped and stared at his boyfriend, his mouth hanging open. Cas caught him looking and dropped his eyes, a blush spreading up his neck all the way to his ears. He dug into the carpet with the toe of his boot, nervousness spreading through his body.
Meg’s eyes went wide. “Of course. He can heal Dean. There isn’t a more powerful magic in this world than that of a unicorn. Their magic is so strong; it is proof against even death.”
Dean wanted to fight, but Alistair had the gun pointed at Cas. He dragged his feet as he slowly made his way to the chair and sat down. Alistair grabbed some rope off the floor before he walked back over to Dean and started tying his hands and feet. Dean jerked at his bound hands, but the rope didn’t budge.
Dean stuck his tongue out before erupting into giggles. “Man, you make me feel like a teenager all over again. I may not be a huge fan of weddings, but I figured it’s something you would want. Besides, if we’re gonna do this whole normal human thing, I figured what better way than getting engaged and throwing a big party.”
“I’m the reaper that’s here to reap you. Or try to at least, since we all know a Winchester never stays dead. Although, if you don’t plan on letting me reap you, can you please not kill me,” the reaper replied.
Cas rolled his eyes and started walking towards his front door. “Why do you care if it snowed? You live three states away.”
Dean’s hands slipped into Cas’ ebony locks as bites of pain shot through his body. He bucked his hips up, sliding his cock against Cas’ ass. “Please, honeybee, want you,” Dean moaned when Cas moved to nibble on the other bud.
“You boyfriend, Cas, found me on Instagram. He contacted me and told me how you regretted what happened between us back in high school and just wanted a chance to talk,” Benny informed him.
Jack nodded. “Yeah, he does. Chuck hurt him too. If it wasn’t for him, I’d have no idea how to handle my powers. I’m more powerful now than when I was just a Nephilim. We have a chance of beating God.”
Their eyes locked, Dean seeking permission. With a single nod from Cas, Dean pushed against his rim until he was able to push the head of his cock inside of his boyfriend’s tight channel. He paused, letting Cas get used to the feeling of something larger than just his fingers. He moved with a turtle’s pace, pushing his cock deeper inside of Cas’ body. It felt like hours before he was fully hilted inside the man beneath him.
“Ugh, that sounds awful.” Dean focused back on Jack. “So, Jack, do you mind that your dad and I are soulmates?”
“Good boy. You take what I give you,” Dean murmured as he pressed a few kisses into Cas’ sweaty skin.
Dean set the boot down and turned around. “Yeah, they are, but I can’t afford a pair at the moment. Got all my shopping still to do.”
Meg and Castiel found Eileen and Sam in the kitchen. “Eileen, we know where they are! The king told us they are in the ocean! Find some wine and meet me at the clock! We must hurry! We have to find our way to them, although it might already be too late as it is,” Meg cried.
Jack didn’t have words, so he hugged Dean even tighter. When they pulled apart, Dean wiped the last of the tears from his eyes. “Alright, we gotta get this place cleaned up.”
“Yeah, but I’ll be visiting in a couple of weeks, remember,” Gabe reminded his brother. “I need to know how to pack. I don’t want to show up in shorts and sandals if there are a few inches of snow on the ground.”
“Hah,” he scoffed. “Cas, I know you’ve been on the street for a while but open your eyes and look around. The place is a fucking dump and it’s all my fault. Like I told you, my life is shit and it’s a miracle I’m not buried six feet under somewhere.”
“More angel,” Dean cried, his fingers digging into the meat of Cas’ forearms. By now, he was too exhausted to move, letting Cas use his body as he saw fit.
“Cas, I need you to come back to the bunker. It’s…it’s Dean,” Sam said into the phone, trying to keep the tears out of his voice.
Dean walked back to his seat and this time when Cas clapped, he didn’t find it as annoying as before. “Hey Cas, I just wanted to say I’m sorry for the way I acted before. I shouldn’t have gotten mad about things you can’t, uh, control. I promise to be more patient from now on.”
Zachariah’s voice rose into an agitated, high pitch and deep red blotches crept up his feisty neck. Dean cowered under the lecture. He had forgotten that the other tutors didn’t enjoy questions and discussion as much as Cas.
Robert and Ellen’s decision was frowned upon by many brothers. Cas could convince the bishop not to excommunicate them, but Robert wasn’t allowed inside the walls of St Mary’s Well for the rest of his life. Cas never questioned Robert’s decision, took over his responsibilities without complaint when the monks appointed him their new leader. Deep in his heart, though, he always envied Ellen and Robert for the depth of their devotion to each other.
Cas stares at it for a long time. Then he pushes the phone back to Dean, ghosts his fingers over Dean‘s open palm in the lightest of touches.
Dean looks so lost and unsure. It’s a look Cas never wants to see again on his face, but right now, it warms him up inside, seeing how serious Dean is about this, the evidence of his emotions clear on his face, a mirror of his own desperation to make things right again.
Cas sits up suddenly, and Dean grips his shoulder to keep from falling over. Which means…he’s now sitting in Cas’ lap, with his thighs around– and Cas’ hands are on Dean’s hips, and he’s close enough that Dean can feel his breath on his own lips.
“Dean,” a voice answers next to Cas, and his heart stops for a second. He turns so fast, a few drops of his coffee spill over his hand, burning-hot. The guy next to him is thin, short and lanky, long brown hair hanging in strands around his face.
“She died in a fire when I was ten years old. I didn’t know what she had done before and I guess my dad didn’t either. She had met another man and lain with him. We learned later that there were others before that.” His voice dropped into a whisper, and his cheeks heated with shame.
Knowing that they’ll spend the night together does nothing to soothe the tension between them. Cas wants to draw it out, bottle the feeling of possibility up to take it home with him. He gets lost in Dean’s eyes for long moments and lets his mind wander to what will happen next. He wants to explore more of Dean, find out more about what he likes and give it to him with abandon. Dean promised there would be oral sex involved, and Cas’ dick twitches at the thought of those sinful lips wrapped around him. It’s like Dean can read his thoughts, because he licks his lips again, slowly and deliberate, even though the dessert is long gone.
Dean wakes up with a start, and Cas can feels his body shaking under his hand. He tugs it back immediately. “You were having a nightmare,” he says, and keeps his voice low and quiet to not startle Dean further.
The ground shifts slightly under his feet. The stranger assesses the situation, takes his hand back slowly from Cas’ arm as if he’s careful not to anger Dean, as if Dean’s some kind of frightened animal, and excuses himself.
Cas keeps watching the couples by the pool. Dean is not exactly wrong. He can’t even remember the last time he had sex. Or a date. He loves his work, and tends to get lost in it.
The next morning, Dean is nowhere to be found. It’s Sunny who points Cas to Mrs Smith, the woman they met yesterday and whose husband apparently just died in the same gruesome manner as the other victims. Exploded head, like an over-ripe melon. Cas shudders. He’s seen a lot of different ways people can lose their lives, but this one seems especially unpleasant. At least it’s quick, a little voice murmurs at the back of his head.
He shuffles back against a beam, grateful that the rope allows him that much range, and leans against it with a heavy sigh.
I'm already working on a new story, and I will be joining the Destiel Harlequin Challenge this summer. If you don't wanna miss it, consider subscribing
Dean, with his hands bound and unable to posture sitting on the ground, does the next best thing and spits on Lucifer’s blank black shoes.
When it’s time to part, they agree on meeting at the pool later. Cas goes over to the front desk to sort out the new room arrangements. He’s given a new room and has to vacate the one he shared with Dean till noon. He goes back up to his floor, lost in memories of their unexpected meeting, and he wonders if Dean is as shaken by it as he is. Probably not, he reasons, Dean will meet interesting people every day.
“As is written in the Canons of Theodore: ‘If he defiles himself, he is to abstain from meat for four days. If he is a boy and does it often, either he is to fast twenty days...”
“I … I stood,” Cas mumbles, never one for dirty talk, and now, just as always, drawing a blank when the situation calls for it.
sticking in his throat. Dean might tease him out of his shell, but suave is a something Cas will never be.
“Oh, please do.” Winchester pushes off the wall and takes two steps in Cas’ direction, until he can lean over his desk, hands placed next to the ink bottle. Cas resists the urge to lean back, but barely. “And send Dick my best regards.”
Cas rakes a hand through his damp hair. Dean is a long line of tension next to him, but he seems to think this is for Cas to answer. Cas locks eyes with him for a second, to make sure it’s okay to share with their brothers. Dean nods minutely, brows drawn up, as if he’s curious too what Cas will say.
He muttered dejectedly from beneath his arm. “I thought I told you, not during sexual activities. Fuck.”
Dean jerks against the restraints in surprise and grunts. “Jesus, Cas. What is that?” It isn’t a bad feeling at all, but he can’t place it for the life of him. When he’s met with silence, a thin thread of fear winds its way back through the coil of heat sinking in his abdomen. He’d never intentionally left himself so vulnerable before and is unnerved by the obvious lack of control in the face of the unknown.
He runs through the plan while sitting on the bench in the hallway, lacing up his oxfords. All he needs to do is start with a nice compliment or a witty comment about whatever Dean’s shelving, loan him the anthology they talked about last time, and just ASK, for god’s sake. Oh and not stare silently at his damn mouth again. He flushes slightly, remembering the purchase he fumbled last Tuesday because he got so distracted. Dean’s lips had curled into a pleased smirk as Castiel flustered about, stammering and dropping change everywhere. That man was going to be the death of him.
“I don’t know what kinda freaky shit you may be into, buddy, but I’m definitely NOT the girl for it,” she huffed in outrage and she threw her tank top back on and shoved her bra in her back pocket. Flinging open the door she stormed out of the vehicle and back towards the bar, yelling. “You two are fucking creeps, yaknow that?”
Instead, Castiel firmly unbuckles Dean’s belt and stares him directly in the eyes. “I need you to know, Dean Winchester, in no uncertain terms, how much I want you,” he announces. Cas’s voice is strong and certain, uncompromising. Resolute, his gaze stays locked on Dean’s as he bends down slightly to pull the rough fabric over Dean’s curved cheeks and bowed thighs. “I’ve been…” he contemplates his wording while gently scraping a trail up Dean’s thighs towards the elastic of his boxers “...holding back.”
“Cas…” he started, tone serious and stern. But Castiel leaped off the bed and started pacing, distressed and offended.
Precum glistens on the tip of his cock as he ruts into the air, pressed against Cas’s grace. Castiel wraps his essence a bit tighter  around Dean’s shaft and delicately traces it along the small slit. He smirks at the way Dean’s whole body quakes in response when he presses in and through with it, sending a strong jolt throughout the entire erection. Castiel never had considered the sexual capacities of grace before, but his reaction to the sight of Dean shaking and flushed strains the fabric of his suit pants.
Eyes wide with panic, Dean almost shouted, “Fuck, Cas! Outside! Wait outside!” He scrambled to cover himself with his arms and desperately wished the lousy fan in this bathroom worked ten times better. Cas blinked out as fast as he had appeared and Dean imploded with mortification. Of all places, of all ways… he would never be able to look the angel in the eye again. He cursed the burrito, he cursed himself, he cursed Cas for just not understanding. Eventually, his stomach settled. It took him another five minutes to collect himself before he could bring himself to open the door. Squaring his shoulders, he strode out, determined to take it like a man.
More than that, he was attentive, gentle, and uncommonly kind. Castiel loved watching him interact with the children that came into the store. With soft tones and playful smiles, he would help them pick out a new Dr. Seuss book like it was the most important task in the world. That was just the way Dean treated people... everyone had his full focus. His eyes didn’t even glaze over when Castiel described his dissertation. A conversation about the parallels between the Book of Enoch and modern apocalyptic theology isn’t for the faint of heart, but he listened with genuine interest. And when Cas’s finicky cat, Luci, scared him by running off for three days, Dean insisted on helping him put up flyers. The more Castiel learned about Dean, the closer he wanted to get to him. He was falling ...hard.
Castiel checks his wristwatch impatiently as he waits in line. He has a meeting in half an hour with the new art history professor all the way across campus. They’re planning a joint trip as an extra credit opportunity for their students and there are a lot of logistics to iron out. Cas knows most of them won’t take advantage of it, especially the ones that need it most, but it would be nice to have an excuse to visit the MFA in Boston again. Maybe he should ask Dean if he’d like to join, he wonders. He’s so preoccupied trying to decide, weighing romance against awkwardness, that the woman behind him has to poke him when it’s finally his turn. Startled, he stumbles and his elbow knocks into a display.
Dean drapes his arms across the counter, leaning forward with a smug smile. “‘Nothing’ means it’s for me, doesn’t it?” Silent denial only encourages him to grin wider.
Dean stared at Cas, completely dumbfounded and pretty damn furious. “Cas, man, seriously… what the hell were you thinking? You can’t just… You can’t just pop up out of nowhere like that!” He ground his teeth in annoyance but he just couldn’t hold onto it. That furrowed brow and confused, sad eyes made him feel like he just kicked a puppy. A big, stupid puppy wielding all the power of heaven to fluster Dean any chance he could get without even realizing it. “Dammit, don’t give me those eyes! You’re worse than Sam,” Dean grumbled as he pulled his t-shirt back over his head. “Come on, we can go back to…” his words cut off when he saw Castiel had disappeared.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, like a confused bird, and reached out to trace his fingers across the forearm covering Dean’s face. “But Dean, you invited me.”
Castiel knows that this won’t feel like being healed by grace. In a way, this is more intimate, more personalized. He’s heard some whispered stories, even if he never attempted it before. There’s apparently a certain element of control, the tone and intensity can be varied with the correct application of attention. He was eager to discover new ways to explore his lover’s body and had practiced manipulating his grace in secret for weeks. Cas suspects that Dean will find it foreign and yet strangely familiar. It is, after all, Castiel’s essence. Distilled and purified, it carries all that he ever was and all he will ever be.
"'We have been in each other's acquaintance for quite some time now, but our interactions have been unfortunately brief.'--- What is this? Pride and Prejudice? Who says ‘in each other’s acquaintance’? You lose your neckerchief and stallion, little bro?"
Castiel reaches out quickly to grab his hand, beaming eagerly. “No, no, no… you just surprised me. I would love to go to dinner with you.”
Both pant heavily for a moment, heads swimming. Leaning against the headboard, Castiel leans down to brush a finger lightly against Dean’s cheek. Slowly, with shaking fingers, he unties the knot and slips the blindfold off. Soft green eyes stare up at him, receptive and awestruck.
“Grading papers again tonight, man? Your workload is murder,” Gabe tosses over his shoulder as he rummages through the fridge. “There’s still time to quit and become a janitor, yaknow.”
Dean nodded in relief. Finally, he understood. His humiliation may still last a lifetime, but maybe, just maybe it won’t get any worse.
Feeling indulgent, Cas sweeps a thick line of grace up the inside of Dean’s thigh, snaking around the base of his rigid cock. The energy coils upwards, curling along his length in an achingly slowly spiral. Dean makes a strangled noise as it becomes denser, more solid. With long, slow strokes, Castiel makes Dean unravel.
“Ugh, you’re my favorite idiot. I can tell you with absolute certainty that you don’t have anything to worry about on EITHER end of that equation,” she says with a wink. Puzzle pieces slowly clicking together, he gapes at Charlie.
Cas is absolutely certain nothing in the world compares with the excited sparkle in Dean’s eyes. “More than you could ever imagine,” he replies ardently.
Dean cautiously swirls his tongue around the head, savoring the musky flavor. He had never attempted this without his hands, but he wants it too badly not to at least try. He opens his mouth enthusiastically and tilts his head back to swallow as much of Castiel as he can. Stroking his tongue along the length, he hollows his cheeks as Cas pumps slowly in and out. Castiel tamps down an almost animalistic response… with Dean bound, his swollen lips wrapped around his cock, Cas has a sudden urge to grab the back of his head and just fuck his face. But there’s something more important he needs to do first, he reminds himself, as he returns his attention to Dean’s body.
“I need…” Dean’s nostrils flare with heavy breaths and his jaw clenches against the overwhelming sensations. “I need you to fuck me, Castiel. I can’t… I can’t... Please,” he pants, “please fuck me.”
Fully clothed, Castiel straddles Dean’s waist, running his hands across the planes of his chest. “Do you trust me?” Castiel asks, after a moment. The sincerity and devotion in his eyes made Dean’s heart stutter. Despite his lingering anxiety, Dean nods. He trusts the angel unconditionally; they both know that. Cas leans down and places a tender kiss on Dean’s lips, barely brushing against them. “Good,” he murmurs with a gentle smile and reaches for the cloth. Tying the soft silk over Dean’s eyes, Castiel feels him tense beneath him in anticipation.
Castiel visited the bookstore daily. He made excuses to interact with the man, heart between his teeth, until a warm familiarity blossomed. Once the semester started, a habit developed of stopping in for at least a half hour on the way to his first class. Incrementally, he discovered that Dean’s sparkling smile was unfairly bolstered by an innate charm, that he was working there to help put his younger brother through law school, and that he was passionate about classic cars and monster lore. Dean shared animated stories about his cross-country travels and defended Led Zeppelin’s Tolkien-inspired songs with an absurd level of passion. Cas couldn’t remember the last person he found so fascinating.
An hour of deliberation later, Castiel feels pretty satisfied with the result. He’s even ready to forgive his brother for chewing on his pencap and eating half a box of Fruit Loops in the process, claiming he needed “brain fuel”.
“How much more would you like, Dean?” He asks teasingly as he traces a thread of grace down to twirl and softly spread across Dean’s balls, lapping at them like a tongue made of lightning. They tighten in response to its prickling warmth. A choked whimper escapes Dean’s lips as he throws his head back.
Cas gulps nervously at the thought that Dean may be have scheduled it that way to see him. “I have a meeting in a bit. I was just stopping in to drop off the Scandinavian folklore book I was telling you about and… and... um, see if… you, uh… I mean, that is… to SAY… hello.”
Castiel tended to take things a bit too literally sometimes. Things that were so incredibly obvious to Dean, simple sayings that he wouldn’t even think twice about, turned into horrifically embarrassing misunderstandings. Sam, however, found it hysterical… especially Dean’s frustration.  After each new incident, he would crack a cheesy joke like, “Don’t tell him to draw the curtains… he’ll grab a sketchpad.” Dean’s ears would turn a little red and he’d half-heartedly snap, “Shut the hell up, Sammy.”
"'Although it may be unwise to confess, it does your beauty no justice to disguise my attraction to you any longer. My thoughts find themselves returning, time and time again, to your piercing eyes, but I dare not stop them, for I can imagine nothing more worthy of my attentions. Your smile fills me with a galvanizing warmth that leaves my entire being addled for hours. I must concede... I am undone in your presence, but unravelled without.’' --- holy shit, Hotpants." Gabriel goggles at the paper, "Damn, you got it so bad you pulled out ALL the flowery stops." Castiel's heart drops. It sounded elegant before, but from Gabe's mouth it just comes across as ...delusional.
Sloppily kissing and groping each other, they managed to stumble their way into the back seat. She moaned as he gently bit the sweet spot where her neck and shoulder met and pulled the hem of his shirt up until he got the hint. Shirtless and smirking, he leaned down towards her and murmured, “I believe you’re a little overdressed for this party, sweetheart… let me help you out there”. He pulled off her thin tank top and deftly unclasped her bra, admiring the rose tattooed on her flat stomach. Just as he took a nipple between his teeth, there was a quiet rapping sound on the dashboard.
Chuck sheathed his dagger and barked out. “Metatron, why don’t you get your lute and sing us a song?”
Cas rewarded him with a small smile. “Thank you, Dean. I’ll keep an eye on the food while we clean.”
Meg looked away, anguish filling every last cell of her body. “I am sorry. I have done you evil, more than any magician has ever done to a unicorn. There is nothing I could do to erase the pain I’ve caused you. I call myself your friend but Rowena, King Winchester, and the Bull did you less harm than I did.”
“The prophecy has to do with all three of us. A great seer said that the curse upon a wretched kingdom would finally be broken when an immortal wizard, a Deaf maiden, and a disguised man come to a barren landscape haunted by a fearsome creature. When they come to reside in the castle of a king, the king’s own would finally be awakened and would bring about the king’s doom. Once the curse is broken, the magician would no longer be immortal, the maiden will find love, and the man will no longer be disguised,” Meg explained. “Do you understand now?”
Dean took a step closer. He opened his mouth to say something, but his nerves got the better of him. He knew what he wanted to tell Cas, but he was still afraid to admit the truth. In true Dean Winchester fashion, he ignored his feelings and chose humor instead. “You know, all the times I’ve imagined your wings, I never imagined they would be rainbow-colored. They’re pretty badass.”
“We’ll figure this out Sam. We won’t let Dean… we’ll save him,” Cas said with false confidence. Sam was right, there were hundreds of possible spells and they were short on time. If any kind of counter cure were required, trying to acquire or make it would require time they didn’t have. Cas hoped his grace alone could heal Dean.
“So, what made you let him go? One day you guys were in here on a secret date and the next, you wouldn’t even say his name. Does it have anything to do with why you’ve never dated another guy?”
Charlie covered her eyes and shook her head. “Cas, I hate to tell you, but your soulmate is a complete dork who loves food, especially burgers and sweets! I’m telling you now, you can dress him up, but you can’t take him out.”
The tallest sentinel looked at the three figures. “I think Dean is right. The one in the cloak seems to be male.”
“After mom died, Dad took a job as a truckdriver and became a ghost in the wind. He dropped us off at a friend’s house and we lived with Bobby until I turned thirteen. At that point dad said I was old enough to watch over Sam by myself. Bobby tried to convince dad to let us stay with him, but dad refused. Bobby sent us stuff in the mail to help out but there wasn’t much else he could do. After that, dad stopped by the apartment to drop money off and make sure we weren’t dead but was hardly home otherwise,” Dean explained, keeping his eyes on the beer in his hand.
Dean waved to his retreating back and waited for Cas to return. A few minutes later he walked up, his hands shoved deep into the pockets of his trench coat and a frown on his face. His ebony locks seemed to be more mussed than usual not that Dean paid much attention to his hair.
As soon as they were inside, Dean couldn’t help but pin Cas to the wall and ravage his mouth once again. He ran his hands up and down Cas’ arms while the other man writhed under the touch. Cas’ hands were buried in Dean’s hair while pleasure swept through his body, his veins turning molten.
“You’ll find out when she brings you home at six but not a second before then.” Dean slid from the couch and helped Cas to his feet.
Dean didn’t hear the rest of their conversation as he was faced with another lost friend. His breath left him in a rush. “Hey, Benny.”
Meg gestured to the desolate room. “We could help liven this place up. Surely a king would want the joys of a court, the jesters and the musicians, and the-”
“No, as your big brother, I was inclined to do so.” Dean laughed so hard that he set his mug down, not wanting the coffee to slosh over the sides.
With one hard thrust, Cas buried his cock to the hilt inside of Dean’s channel, a moan escaping his as heat surrounded him. Dean’s arms snaked out and wrapped around Cas’ biceps, his hands squeezing hard enough to leave bruises. Cas held still, letting Dean’s body adjust around the intrusion and basking in the feeling of the tight heat that surrounded and squeezed his shaft. “Feel so damn good, sweetheart.”
Dean could hardly process what Cas was saying. Billie was beating down the door and any second she would break through and kill them. Cas was just now telling him about a crazy deal he made with the Empty while also saying Dean was a selfless person and had changed him in the last decade they had known each other. The only thing he could think to say was, “Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
Dean looked at Cas with a smile. “You know what, I did? Maybe in a few days we can call him and see what he thinks about an extended beach vacation? I’m thinking I’m ready to retire from the hunting life. I’d rather spend my days with you.”
Dean’s head snapped up when he heard the footsteps. His eyes went wide, his mouth dropped open, and the shark dropped from his hands. He stood up, using the cave wall as a support. He stumbled on his feet as he walked up to Cas. When he was only a foot away, he halted.
Dean blinked and clinched his jaw. There was no way Cas could tell him something so monumental at a time like this. They were staring Death in the face and Cas was telling him goodbye. He couldn’t tell Dean he loved him when Dean was holding on by a thread. Dean shook his head as he softly said, “Don’t do this, Cas.”
Cas scurried to get into position, trembling in anticipation. He relaxed slightly when he felt Dean run his hands softly down his back and sides. He felt Dean lay his palm in the middle of his shoulder blades and push his upper body into the mattress. Castiel went with the motion and then Dean was pulling at his thighs, widening the distance between them. He shivered as he felt the cool air of the room caress his exposed hole.
“Yeah, I know. Sam’s already pointed that out,” he interrupted her. “Like I told Sam, you guys might not care but our customers could, and I don’t want our business suffering because of it. Sam and I have worked too hard,” Dean argued.
“I didn’t ask you to turn him into a human,” Eileen shouted, tears pooling in her eyes. “It would have been better to let the Bull have him! He is a unicorn, not a human!
Cas looked at him curiously as Dean grabbed his hand and started walking towards the back door. He opened the door and waited for Cas to walk through before shutting the door behind him. It was already starting to get dark out and Cas couldn’t make much out. He watched as Dean flicked a switch on the side of the wall.
Dean was right behind him with his bottles and dropped them in the garbage. They climbed the stairs and said goodnight to one another as they headed to their respective bedrooms. Cas was already snuggled under the covers by the time Dean walked into the room. He headed to the bathroom to take care of his nightly routine before stripping down to his boxers and crawling into bed. He curled up next to Cas and the man wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist. The last thing Dean remembered before falling asleep were a few featherlight kisses placed to the back of his neck.
He looked up to see Sam standing in the doorway, his eyes wide with panic. Sam rushed over to the bed and stood there, unsure of what to do. He was shocked when Dean stood up and buried his face in his chest. Sam wrapped his arms around his brother slowly, afraid to spook him even further.
A feral grin spread across Chuck’s face. “Because I’m the only who can save Castiel. I can convince the Empty to let him go. You just have to pull your attack dogs off me.”
Dean didn’t reply, instead walking towards the institute, dragging Cas behind him. They used the employee entrance and Dean started walking down a series of hallways that Cas could never hope to memorize. They came to a stop outside of a closed door and Dean knocked on it.
Cas sighed, accustomed to his brother’s enthusiasm. Even when Gabe wasn’t hyped up on sugar, he acted more like a five-year-old rather than the thirty-five-year-old he was. “Gabe, slow down,” Cas chastised, effectively shutting his brother up. “Jack and I just finished breakfast, and now he’s watching cartoons. He’s fine, although he does miss his Uncle Gabe and can’t wait for you to come to visit in a couple of weeks. Honestly, I’m not sure if it snowed or not. I haven’t even looked outside.”
Dean's eyes jumped to Cas’ face. His thumbs, which had been rubbing circles into the skin above Cas’ underwear, paused in their movement.
Dean’s face turned red at his brother’s words. “I actually already have both of them.” He pulled his jacket sleeve back on his right wrist and showed Sam a black leather bracelet. “It’s Garth’s. He said he wore it on his wedding day and hoped it would bring Cas and me good luck.”
Jo looked to her mom who nodded at her to go ahead and do what Dean asked. Once done, Dean said they all needed to go to the kitchen, away from any prying eyes. He also asked Ellen to go turn off the surveillance cameras, not wanting this conversation to be recorded.
“Having support from friends, family, and most importantly you are the only reason why,” Dean replied as he started putting items on the conveyor belt for the cashier to scan.
“No,” Cas said flatly. “Now sit down and eat your burger and fries. Then you can have an ungodly amount of pie.”
Meg and Crowley quit fighting as they watched the unicorn, fear blooming in both of their gazes. The closer the unicorn got to the cage, the darker the night seemed to become. Ammit’s eyes were glowing a dark gold, and the hissing coming from her mouth was crescendoing.
Dean set the jacket and bags on the counter. “I think so. I can cross Jo and Eileen off my shopping list, so that’s a plus.”
When Cas kissed Dean this time, it felt like fireworks going off inside his mind. Sparks of light danced behind his eyes as they slipped shut and he let Cas do to his body as he wished. Dean whined when Cas pulled away from him.
Dean chanced a look at his companion. Cas was looking at his fingers which were twitching nervously. A light blush stained his cheeks and he was sitting tensely.
He watched as Dean rubbed at the back of his neck and dragged the toe of his boot through against the concrete. “Nowhere really. Don’t have anywhere to be especially since my car is broke and I’m out a job.”
Finally, he leaned forward and brushed his lips against Cas’. He pressed another, slightly firmer kiss to the pink lips. He was caught off guard when Castiel pushed forward and pressed their mouths together insistently. He wrapped one arm around Dean’s waist and tangled his hand in Dean’s hair.
He turned to face Dean as he approached. “The lady over there said we can feed the fish for a dollar. Can we, Dean? I want to feed them so bad,” Cas signed.
Dean pressed a chaste kiss to Cas’ lips. “Love you too, Angel. I won’t be gone long.” Dean hurried to get dressed before heading out to Baby. He got in her and drove, knowing Heaven would lead him to where he needed to be.
“Meg,” Sam said. “Let Castiel remain human. I have spent my entire life watching Dean search for meaning, for love, and he’s finally found it. Please, don’t take that away from him. He’s my brother, and all I’ve ever wanted was for him to be happy, and he’s found that in Castiel. Don’t take that from him.”
The corners of Mary’s mouth curved upward as she ran fingers through her son’s short blond hair, hoping to erase the fear the nightmare had caused him. “Because I’ve seen one in my dreams.”
All the pent up feelings rushed into the space where their lips met. Every emotion the two of them had ever felt: anger, sadness, heartbreak, loyalty, betrayal, love, flowed between them. Cas pulled Dean even closer, the hunter going willingly. Their lips pressed and slipped against each other, their hands clutching one another, afraid to let go. Cas kissed as if he was starving and Dean kissed like a man possessed.
Castiel and Dean soon caught up with the rest of the group just as they passed into the castle’s main entryway. They followed Sam and Dean’s father down a long, deserted corridor. The castle was dark and musty, the very air old and stale. Eileen stuck close to Meg while Sam followed a few paces behind, then Castiel, and finally, Dean brought up the rear.
Cas caught Dean’s lips in a kiss and licked into his mouth eagerly. He pushed Dean back towards the bed, never once breaking the kiss. When Dean’s knees hit the mattress, Cas pushed him down gently. He looked at Dean laid out like a feast and smiled. “I never thought I could have this.”
Castiel smiled at him, although it was a clueless smile, for he had no idea what to say to the king. He only ever saw the man at the edge of his vision while he spent his time with Dean. When he had asked about the king, Dean had grown quiet and requested Cas never ask again, and he had done as Dean asked.
The line was silent, and Cas checked to make sure Sam hadn’t hung up on him. “Part of it was my fault, but part of it was Dean’s too. Dean never admits his mistakes. He never admits when he’s wrong. All he had to do was apologize, Cas, and I would have forgiven him.”
The corners of her mouth turned up, “We do actually. His name was James. He was a drifter passing through town. I’m sorry that there is no way to introduce you. You look so much like him; you could be his twin. It’s how Bobby and I knew who you were.”
“Alright, I’ll try. I’ll let you know what happens.” Dean went off in search of Castiel, leaving Eileen and Sam in the kitchen. Not even half an hour later, he returned and slumped back into his seat before dropping his head onto his arms.
“Alright, monkey, you ready to go do some shopping?” Cas asked as he buckled Jack into his booster seat.
Cas and Sam both tried to open the door to the front passenger seat. They looked at each other before Sam smiled and got into the back seat, placing his hand on Cas’ shoulder as he settled in the front seat. “Sorry, Cas. Force of habit.”
