“…you enjoy this.”
Captain Steve Rogers woke up in New York a rainy March morning, in a fake hospital room. He immediately figured it out and broke out, broke out in a city he didn’t recognize, with clothes, skyscrapers, technology and cars he couldn’t recognize.
Maybe they could foster, though.
He wrote a few letters for his friends: for Peggy’s 50
When the elevator opened again, Steve let out a soft gasp. There were string lights illuminating the whole roof area and in the middle there was a large fluffy blanket with pillows, a bucket of ice with champagne and to the side of it was a chocolate fountain with a tray of various fruits. “Tony…”
Tony tilted his head, thinking about it. He glanced down and arched a brow at the black. Steve was wearing dark blue, he usually wore grey or blue socks under this. He reached out to touch it and tease him about the mismatching color palette but he stopped. Under his fingers there wasn’t cotton…it was nylon.
“Flame on.”
Steve nodded weakly. “…okay.”
Tony and Sarah moved at the same time. Sarah leaning over to kiss her son’s cheeks and Tony bringing his hand to his lips, kissing it.
Steve laughed a little as Jack cut the call short, smiling adoringly to himself. He was going to make it far.
Well, he probably would’ve looked equally insane if out of the blue Bucky showed interest for art and asked to be recommended some of his favorite painters.
“Then you give me the answer.” Steve replied then, his tone soft. “Why would Sheriff Rogers defy the law of man and the law of God to spend his nights in the arms of a one Tony Stark?”
“Sir…”
Steve had to resist the need to show him a picture of Tony in lingerie and confirm that yes, he had
“You will.” Sarah said, amused. “Spouse beats next of kin; you’ll be having to deal with all the forms and papers whenever he ends up here from now on.”
It was only a few minutes later than he heard a knock on the door and he sighed a little.
“I do. No. It’s…you.” Tony said, smiling earnestly. “It’s Captain America. My favorite was always Captain America.”
“How are you enjoying Europe, my love?”
Liquid courage in his system and ready to cross that ultimate line and make the good Captain his.
Steve sighed and closed his eyes for a minute. Maybe he did want kids, at some point, as long as someone else handled the birth. “I was so scared one of them wouldn’t make it.” He admitted. “But they’re both fine.”
“Well, I don’t want you to pay for it.”
Before Christmas time, he had already managed to say goodbye to everyone.
“You thought you were kissing me!”
“It’s a crystal, nothing more...”
Tony was just loving and caring with all his friends. He flirted 24/7 with Natasha and Bruce but he didn’t have a crush on them. And he touched and hugged Rhodey all the fucking time and the two of them were not sleeping together. Fucking moron.
“Are you gonna leave me when things are about to get interesting again, Rogers?”
Steve grabbed one of the spare mugs then and poured some water, bringing it over to the cell and lightly tapping the metal mug against the bars. “Enough of that.” He ordered in a stern but amused tone. It was no news that he had a soft spot for Stark and his ways. “Come refresh ya’self after that concert.” He invited, tuning up the Irish inflections in his words for the blacksmith’s amusement.
It was all the blond needed to finally let go, coming hard deep inside his lover.
“But then you wouldn’t be able to post it online like you do with my wax works and let people think it’s just a blurry picture of a canvas and not a safe way to let out your inner exhibitionism.”
“Yeah…so is the crack in my mahogany desk.”
She handed him a business card. Steve pocketed it with the clear intention of tossing it out the moment he was out of sight.
Tony paused a long moment and shrugged. “Almost. Five lines. I’m still sober enough to know you’re up here looking all sad because of me.”
“Why is he in there?”
“They’re both asshole genius, they’re probably besties.” Natasha said and Tony should have been offended but he could – somehow- tell she was just teasing him. He was becoming rather good at reading her signals. That, and it was kinda true. He and Reed had known each other since childhood. Long before becoming superheroes through accidents that should have killed them.
“Yeah, they are.”
“You thought it was me.”
Steve smirked. “That’s how it works for me too…they have their own life. You’re just telling it.” He agreed. “What’s his name?”
Also, 90% of his paintings got sold. The gallery director tried to give credit to his newfound fame in the comic world but they both knew that every collector in the States was hoping he’d die and that the price of his works would go through the roof.
Clint arched a single brow at that, blue eyes moving up and down Tony. “Your favorite Captain?”
“Yeah?”
Tony obeyed, letting out a loud moan as his back hit the mattress and Steve smirked, sliding lower between his legs and taking his half hard cock in his mouth, sucking him, teasing him and massaging his balls until he was able to milk a second orgasm out of his blissed out boyfriend. He swallowed every drop of cum and remained where he was, cleaning up the mess of his first orgasm with his tongue.
“Mhh...”
Steve nodded, grabbing Tony’s wrist quickly and leading him away before the other could make any witty remark, continuing to walk until he was sure they were far away enough then stopping and pressing Tony against a wall, returning to kiss him until they were both breathless and panting, pulling back just enough to breath.
Steve stood still, staring at the baby in the incubator through the glass and watching the man sitting beside it and cooing at her gently. Angie’s husband, John, which had hugged him tightly and thanked him about fifty times for helping his wife and daughter.
“It is in a…delicate position.” The doctor admitted. “But we will do our best.”
“No.” Maria winked. “That will come later. For both of you.”
“Stark…”
“I do. Love you too.” Tony answered, wrapping his arm around Steve and resting his head on his shoulder, staying like that a couple minutes before he pulled out his phone and took a couple pictures of the sight and a couple selfies of them kissing in the sunset. The sky was now a dark orange, the light almost fading and Steve turned to Tony, stroking a hand through his hair gently.
The two of them chatted quietly about the latest news in town, sharing stories of their day, enjoying the meal even with constant reminder from Stark about how it would have been much better with wine.
Steve woke up hours later to the click of a camera and blinked slowly, pulling himself to sit up, smiling at the scene in front of him:
“I sure do.” Steve said. “And no one will ever believe your drunken ass.” He added playfully, making both of them chuckle.
Steve met the Avengers, fought along with them while grieving the end of his life with Peggy, the end of his life in the 40’s, grieving the loss of his team and all the people he knew.
“Of course I am.” Steve shook his head, chuckling a little as he got up. “Is that what you think?”
Nothing came to mind but Tony so he started painting him, standing by one of his fancy cars, New York and the Stark Towers in the background. He was wearing a light gray suit, sneakers, his hair long and fluffy, black glasses covering his brown eyes as he looked to the side to someone, one hand resting on the hood of his red car almost in a fidgety way.
See, Tony had this infallible method of telling ever since college: if he could remember more than four lines of coding of JARVIS, then he was not drunk.
Steve was turned the other side, chatting with Reed and his fiancée, wearing his Captain America costume, those wonderful thighs and his perfect round ass not looking the best tonight, but then again, knowing Steve, the guy was probably wearing a fake version of his costume not to ruin the real one. The shield was a fake version too, Tony noted as he stepped closer. A good imitation but not the real one. Tony would know.
Steve rolled his eyes at the Labyrinth quote and took the large stone from Sam’s hands, looking at it closely. “What am I supposed to do with this?”
He had been talking with a few agents when he saw Tony make out with Storm and he left the party, figuring no one would come look for him in Fury’s office.
When he was little, it was made of wooden toys, wool clothes, scraped knees and cement. The only softness he could remember was his mother gentle touch, her cotton green Sunday dress, but mixed in there the itchy scarf she brought from Ireland, the way her hands tightened around his wrist every time he got into trouble, the syringes and the shots.
Steve smiled fondly. “Wanna order some from that Italian place on Fifth?”
“We can have a big party, get drunk and go down the slides…?”
“It doesn’t matter if Steve said you’re gonna be invited to their wedding. At this point it’s not his decision anymore! You’re not going. You’re not going and you’re not paying, I’ll sell my house if I have to but you’re not using your money to buy my son’s affection after this! He saved your life and you called him a thief!”
His right hand slipped inside his boxers, pulling his hard cock out and he started stroking himself in between pictures. Tony’s eyes opened, head tilting to look at him eagerly, lips barely parted and Steve groaned, spilling white all over Tony’s back and snapping a couple more pictures.
He turned the volume up a little now that he knew he was alone and turned around to face the window, focusing on the pages in his hands. At some point, he heard the door open and close and moments later, there were gentle hands massaging his head, rubbing at his temples, strong thumbs digging at the base of his skull. He honestly would like to know what he did to deserve Steve because he would very happily keep doing it for the rest of his life.
She hummed and got up, kissing his cheek. “Goodnight, Steve.”
“Not about me?”
“Steve!”
“I was wearing them when I was on my call and all I could think was you watching that interview and think about fucking me right here, on your desk…” He purred. “Or try and work and find my panties in your drawer…”
“Because he got knocked out.”
Steve smirked, kicking off his pants all the way and moving over, straddling his lap and pulling him in a deep kiss. Tony gladly kissed back, hands stroking the other’s back, down to his panties and along his strong thighs.
Tony’s brows furrowed and he took his sunglasses off to look at him, a slow smile spreading on his lips.
Steve felt his cheeks heat up but refused to let him win. “I probably wouldn’t have been able to pay her medical bills without Tony, you’re right. I’d have taken an extra job and paid them anyway, though.” He replied. “I never once asked Tony money, I’m not interested in Tony’s money.”
Steve was officially in love with Verona. The small city seemed to come out of a wonderful painting. The walls surrounding it, the beautiful buildings and houses, the bridges, the monuments, arches, towers, gardens. Steve wanted nothing but to sit on a bench and paint every single corner. On a couple occasions he did. He sat there with his sketchpad, charcoal in hand and just drew while Tony sat by his side, talking and reading and eating gelato. The days they spent there were absolutely lovely.
“We’re gonna rent a bouncy castle.” He grinned. “And one of those big inflatable slides? We’re gonna put them in Mrs Wilson’s backyard and have a big party.”
“We have to pick a tropical island.”
“I don’t care.” He replied, shaking his head. “There’s a chapel. Go and pray that he’s alright because if something…if something goes wrong, you’re responsible for it. This is your fault.” He accused, voice weak.
Watching Steve bottom was always a high in itself, he was always so responsive, shuddering and moaning with every thrust, with every kiss and caress.
“Nope.”
“I thought you wanted to go to Greece and see all the boring statues and museums…”
Right.
“Now open those baby blues for me.”
Silk ties wrapped tightly around his wrists, keeping his hands from touching Tony’s skin, keeping grounded as Tony tortured him oh so beautifully.
For the next six months, he couldn’t focus on anything else.
“We can’t operate. But we will do our best with radiation and chemotherapy. We think trying to attack the cell with a strong combined treatment at the same time might be our best option.”
Steve’s eyes were dark as he put away the last candle and reached for the Polaroid camera on the bedside table, standing up on the bed and taking pictures of his painting, of Tony laying there, naked, hard, and deep under. A lovely masterpiece just for him.
“You’ve no idea.” She grinned.
“Who gets America?” Tony asked.
He could have gone full Captain Sparrow on the look but that costume was overrated, uncomfortable and his beard was much better, thank you very much.
For a moment, waking up in Tony’s bed and feeling his arms around him, he couldn’t remember where he was and who was with him.
He kept his gaze down on the box of noodles, trying to find the courage to speak up those scary seven words.
It got worse quickly.
“Do you think I could create a way for me to join you in your universe?”
Steve gave her a pet as he entered, the cat ignored him and so Steve moved on, not wanting to bother her just because he felt needy and sad and wanted to cuddle something. Last thing he needed now was for Fury’s cat to get angry and scratch him.
“Oh darling, we were. But there’s someone else that’s been on your mind all night.” She nodded over to where Tony was posing with a few of the waiters and asking them all to move so they could take the selfie from his good side. Steve smiled instinctively at the scene.
“Stark! Nice costume!”
“I’m a soldier, not a doctor. I need someone who knows what the hell they’re doing here.” Steve whispered to one of the flight attendants as they got the woman, Angie, into a quiet row away from the other passengers and brought her more pillows.
Andrea gave a little smirk. “He’s number one in your quick calls.”
“It’s really pretty. My mom used to have this purple brooch that she bought in Ireland, this reminds me of her.” He said, taking the necklace and putting it on before getting up from his chair and moving to place the large rock on his bedside table. “So…how was your sister’s birthday? Did you tell her I was very sorry for missing it?”
“I didn’t shot him and I didn’t order anyone to shoot him, Anthony, don’t be stupid! It was a terrible accident.”
One month he was doing fine, having nausea every once in a while but mostly spending his days working on Iron Man’s comics, on his art, doing groceries with Peggy, baking with Angie and helping Jacob with his homework.
“He’s not dressed as Captain America.” She added when Tony started heading towards the familiar white red and blue.
Tony moaned again, starting to thrust again and only resisting a couple more minutes before he was coming as well, holding onto the desk to keep himself up as Steve drank him down, lapped every drop like a dying man in the desert.
“That’s not true.” Steve smirked. “I tried to find them when you first said that joke and there’s nothing online like that. Only sexy pictures for magazines but you’re always covering your dick with something.”
“Good.” Tony pulled back, running a hand through his hair and turning when the doctor walked out of Steve’s room. He looked at Howard. “I’ll be taking a few days off work to stay with my sick husband.” He said before looking at Sarah and Maria. “You guys can go, I’ll be staying with Steve.”
Steve smiled through the screen at Jacob, watching the image that he was sharing with him. “That’s so cool! I love his uniform so much, that shading is great.”
Steve moved the bottle back to where Stark could get it and left him there to sing as he got upstairs to get supper started and change into cleaner clothes, knowing he would be spending the night in the Sheriff’s office to keep company to his prisoner. He never liked leaving them alone, especially if it was just Tony pulling one of his drunken stunts.
“Turn around for me…”
“Yes.” Tony hissed, leaning forward, holding onto Steve’s shoulders as he milked every drop of semen out of him.
“The sober kind.”
He whispered to himself as he stood again and marched over to the window, looking outside with a sigh, getting lost in his thoughts as he stared the dark sky above New York.
From the castle to Pincio terrace, they wandered through gorgeous monuments and busy shopping streets, the sky slowly turning a delicate shade of pink, the clouds moving fast in the light breeze of the first days of fall.
“Not even a drop of beer, my…what kind of Irishman are you, Rogers?”
“Like I killed my chances of ever meeting you again.” He admitted, aiming for a playful tone.
Steve’s jacket and tie were first to go, then his shoes and his shirt, his belt…tease. Tony managed to get some of his charm back and leaned back in his chair, taking in the scene in front of his eyes. He did have a tiny episode of melting brain when the pants revealed a black lace boy short kind of panties and garter holding up the stockings.
A beautiful wave crashing on the golden sand of Tony’s tanned complexion.
“…the big C.” He answered, sighing heavily. “My mother was a nurse. I’m familiar with the lingo.” He added and his lips curled up in a pained smile. “How are the chances this is just---a small tumor you can remove without fucking up my brain?”
“Yeah…I couldn’t because I had asthma and you said it was the stupidest idea I’ve ever had.”
It just…felt real.
“'Twas down by Killarney's green woods that we strayed, when the moon and the stars they were shining.
“I thought you liked Kirk more than Picard.”
((English is not my first language, feedback is always very welcome.))
Steve was behind Tony, his arms wrapped around his genius as they smiled to the camera. Then Tony tilted his head to kiss him for the picture and Steve reached up to cup his cheek lovingly.
Oh. Tony’s eyes opened, large and unfocused pupils staring back at him. He was under already.
“Very well, Mr. Stark.”
“Looking good, Sheriff. Red brings out your freckles.” Stark called as Steve walked back down in much more comfortable clothes, his star still pinned to the chest, carrying two plates.
“You know what? It’s no fun going around with you.” Tony told him playfully. “I’ve been researching all these cute things and info and you’re a know-it-all art student.” He accused, making them both laugh as they kissed tenderly.
wanted.” He told them.
Steve smiled down at his phone, pocketing it and walking inside and over to Howard’s desk. “Mr Stark, it’s a pleasure to see you agai--”
“This woman is…a nightmare.” Howard replied. “I just said I changed my mind and I’d like to pay for your wedding and she freaked out.”
“How is all of this my fault? Some deranged employee decided to try and kill me for firing him. I didn’t know it was going to happen. I surely didn’t know Steve would be there. I’d never want to hurt him.”
His boyfriend pointed up at the plaque on top of the gate, translating for him: “This was the house of Capuleti where…” He paused, frowning. “It literally says came out but it’s like when she comes out of the balcony and it’s kind of archaic so it means ‘where lived the Juliet that the—kind hearts cried so much and the poets wrote’.” He said, grinning to him once he was done and smiled, pulling him inside. “They allowed us a private tour. Surprise!” He said as they entered the lovely garden, overlooked by a small stone balcony.
“Who’s Jack Kirby?”
“You’re all mean. Call the doctor with the piercing, she’s nice to me.” Steve smirked. The little shit.
“I know. You taze me if I don’t walk away.”
“I knew about that. However, it’s not true, actually. The face is covered because back then they made it, they didn’t know where the Nile’s source was.” Steve answered lightly as they stood there, admiring the fountain. “And…the church was made after the fountain. But Bernini was a flashy guy; he probably loved and encouraged the story.” He added.
Steve took his arm again as they walked away from the fountain and into one of the little streets around the piazza. The soldier, even with his sense of direction, would have gotten lost in there, too distracted by the buildings around them, but Tony seemed to know them by heart and it was fascinating to see him so at ease somewhere. They usually gathered crowds of fans wherever they went but luckily, no one knew they were in vacation in Italy and Pepper and Natasha were great at diverting the news and make it seem like they were somewhere else entirely.
“A friend of mine is working with a comic book publisher! It’s not DC but it’s getting quite famous and they’d be interested in Iron Man.”
to do waiting at home. Instead, he just nodded and sat down. “Of course, Sir.”
“You wanted a wedding without your family?”
“Stark? Company?”
“I must say…the mustard color doesn’t look particularly flattering. But does it ever?” Tony shrugged. “And, maybe it’s the teenager in me that has a particular kink about this uniform but you look hot, Captain.” He said and reached over, stroking the patch on his chest.
Well, that meant Steve was the one in the depression stage. That felt about right.
Steve actually asked this time, that smirk still in place as he sat there, looking all innocent and wholesome.
In the middle of it all, he found Tony.
Steve came over the day after the battle of New York to help him clean up the penthouse and Tony showed up at his tiny SHIELD apartment two days later to take the trackers off Steve’s new ride. They parted for a while. Tony moving to California as his Tower was fixed and Steve going off to travel the country.
Howard lingered a moment in the room, standing at the end of the bed and sharing a look with Steve, his mouth opening and closing a couple times before he finally said: “Thank you, son.” and patted his ankle awkwardly.
“Steve!” Harley called. “Steve, tell him he’s wrong. You’ve studied art so you know more than him about architecture.”
They would have more than enough space. Their home would have to be big enough for family reunions with the rest of the Avengers. And Pepper and Happy. And Harley. And their pets.
“You wouldn’t be thirsty if you stopped talking. And singing.” He chided, holding the bottle just out of reach from the cell and smiling. “I’m gonna go upstairs to get supper.”
“You’re perfect. My God, look at you…”
“You gonna get me that water, Sheriff?” Stark asked, wriggling his mug in front of the other.
Tony hummed, curling closer and pulling the blankets tighter around them. “Yet you’ve a better voice than me.”
There was some sort of power thing about being fully dressed and having Steve nearly naked in his arms, fully at his mercy and Tony was usually one for giving Steve full power on him in the bedroom but this was probably some sort of secret kink that his genius boyfriend found out.
“Absolutely.” Howard confirmed. “You can avoid inviting me to the ceremony if Tony will be stupid enough to say yes.”
“Are you kidding me? For my own godson? I’ll never be too busy for you, kiddo.” Steve reassured. “You know…the first time I drew Iron Man I was there?”
His hand moved to Steve’s glorious ass and…there wasn’t much to squeeze there. Oh, fuck!
I'm not dead and I didn't give up on this! Just had a 4 days con in Rome working and obviously got con-flu right after. Thanks for the patience! :)
Maria gently put her hand on her son’s arm, stroking it gently and rubbing circles with her thumb on his wrist. “We’re in a hospital.” She told both of them softly, a hint of firmness in her tone. “Calm down before they kick us out.” She warned.
“You’re perfect.” Tony whispered, noticing the movement, lifting a hand to Steve’s, linking their fingers, and starting to increase the pace, locking eyes with him.
“Sin from my lips? O trespass sweetly urged. Give me my sin again.”
“Like hell you will.” She growled. “It’s my son; I will take care of him. I do not want to see a single dollar from you. You’re the reason my baby nearly died today!”
“For real. Maybe your Captain will meet my Tony at some point.”
When fall arrived, he was too weak to travel anymore. He put all his business in order, wrote his will and organized pretty much everything about his funeral so the others would just have to follow his instructions.
They had been enjoying wandering around Pisa, being tourists and taking pictures when the rain arrived. Fast and sudden like your typical summer rainstorm. Except it was fall already, but weather in Italy didn’t seem to care about deadlines. Summer wanted to keep going and Tony had no objection to that as he laughed happily, one arm wrapped around Steve’s middle, Steve’s denim jacket used as an umbrella as they ran back to the hotel. Luckily, with Tony’s money, it wasn’t difficult to get them the best suite in walking distance from the tower and soon enough they reached the hotel lobby and waved at the sweet receptionist as they made their way back to their room.
Tony yawned and laid back down, closing his eyes, a small smile on his lips as Steve started playing with his hair once more, his heartbeat strong and steady, his deep voice lulling him to sleep.
“I love when you’re not injured.” Tony replied. “Flirt with me when you’re all in one piece and you might get lucky.”
“No, you’d just pay to get him out of Tony’s life.” Maria accused. “I can’t believe you would do something like that to our son.”
He was almost asleep when he felt soft lips against his forehead.
“Who taught you to dirty talk like that?”
you?”
Silk sheets and silk shirts.
Tony chuckled and kissed him on the lips. “We’ll keep adopting a bunch of troubled teenagers Batman style.”
“Don’t you fucking call me
He was…
Steve just waved a hand dismissively at him, ready to push past Stane and the nervous man talking with him in the hallway until he noticed the man’s hand lingering in his pocket. His eyes widened and he turned to tell Howard to call security right now but before he could open his mouth there was a sound of a gunshot and the secretary let out a scream. When Steve turned back, Stane had his hands in the air and was stepping back towards him and Howard, telling the man to stay calm, how they’d fix this and there was no need to do anything stupid.
“Love, how are you feeling?”
“No, ‘ma I was joking.”
Tony let out an awkward laugh and quickly walked away in the direction Natasha suggested.
Before Howard could say anything more, his mother was behind him, tugging him away from his father and into her calming embrace. “Come sit, tesoro.” She whispered soothingly, stroking his hair and leading him over to the plastic chairs. “I’ll get you some water.” She offered. “Then we’ll explain.”
“Shut up! Stay back! Both of you are going to die for this.” The man yelled.
Steve got up from the table, shook the man’s hand and walked out. A blink later he was standing in front of Sam’s apartment, staring at the door.
“Tony.”
“Hi there, handsome.”
Sarah sat on the edge of the bed, grabbing her stethoscope and a flashlight and starting to examine him. “You know when you were a teen and you got the idea you wanted to enlist like your dad?” She asked.
“Color.” He demanded, speaking clearly to make sure to cut through the haze of pleasure and coax his genius back to verbal communication.
“Think I could become a comic artist too?”
The four of them sat outside, this time the mood was definitely lighter; Tony got them all drinks from a vending machine and sat contently between his mother and Sarah, holding both their hands.
“No, Harley’s right.” Steve replied, putting down his empty mug of chocolate and joining them, walking around the structure with his arms on his hips, pinching the bridge of his nose a couple time. “Are these pillars or columns? And what is that roof? I thought you were building a fort, not an igloo. Igloos have domes; forts are like medieval castles, Tony. They’re flat.” He stated, channeling his best art critic impression. “Aren’t you a King Arthur enthusiast? And…I’m not even going to
He liked Batman a lot out of those comics. The idea of a simple human with no special power, other than his own resources and intelligence, going off to fight alongside people like Superman or Wonder Woman surely intrigued him. A lot.
“I don’t and I don’t care but I’m guessing it’s above the million dollars.”
Steve leaned down to kiss him again, moving his hand to Tony’s bare back, caressing down his spine. “Because I just do.” He shrugged. “Because I don’t know how to live without loving you.”
That is until Andrea started to stroke the rim of her glass as she spoke and a laugh and a movement a little too quick made the glass fall back against her olive green blouse.
It was spring already and he would love to have birthday pictures that didn’t look like he was about to pass out. He wanted to spend the few money he had left traveling and doing things he never did, not stuck in a bed.
“I can’t afford to pay all this.”
“Tony!”
“I spoke with the people in charge and told them about my situation and I’ve asked them a favor and they agreed.”
Steve frowned. “What’s wrong with Tony?”
Bucky sighed a little, undecided. “Natasha would like it if I could go home early for once. She’s been complaining about my work.” He admitted.
“Please Steve.”
“About that…”
Tony grinned widely.
“I thought we were having a good time…”
“Well…yeah. I see that now!” Howard admitted. “I fucked up. I’m sorry. I’m giving my blessing now.”
Tossing the keycard aside, Tony pushed his boyfriend toward the bed, their soaked clothes tossed on the ground as they walked and kissed and ripped the offending fabric from their bodies.
“Hi.” Tony smiled softly and lifted his other hand to cup Steve’s neck, stroking along his jaw. “Welcome back, soldier.”
“Thank you, Stark. How ya doin’ in there?” He asked, setting the plates on the desk before grabbing the keys from the wall and unlocking the cell, nodding at him to get out and pulling two chairs over to the desk.
“Do you want me to take my pants off?”
And now he was here, sitting in the hallway in front of Howard Stark’s office, feeling the stares of his secretaries; of the businesspersons waiting there; of Obadiah Stane, Howard’s right hand who was currently talking in hushed tones with one of their associates on the other side of the glass door of his office, their gazes lingering on him and his slightly worn out oxford shoes, on the dark grey suit that was clearly not tailored and a little short on his wrists. This was unnerving. And it probably was meant to be, so he would give up. If Howard thought he would, the man was much less of a genius than people made him out to be.
“You’re naked.” Steve’s sleepy voice interrupted his thoughts right before two strong arms wrapped around him. Steve was also naked save for the sheet wrapped around his waist, which he quickly moved so it was wrapped around both of them as he hugged him from behind.
Steve Rogers died a cold January morning, surrounded by the warmth and love of his family.
Tony watched as Sarah moved to pour some water and leaned in to press his lips to Steve’s tenderly. “I love you.” He told him, stroking back his hair. “You scared me.”
Idiot.
“Still, Jacob wants to go to MassArt like his uncle so we’re here to visit.”
“There you go. You’re so good. Take in a deep breath Steve, c’mon. I know you can do it. Deep breath.”
The next, he could barely get out of bed and the idea of going through another day of treatment made him cry like a baby. He couldn’t hold a pencil, let alone a brush and the smell of paint made him sick every single time he tried to spend some time in the small room where he kept his paintings.
Bucky accused, turning to him and raising a finger to poke his shoulder. “You’re always chirpy when we keep him here for the night.”
He was a tad less upset when he faced Andrea again. “I guess.”
Those pretty lips fell open for him, blue eyes glancing up at him so lovingly as Tony cupped the back of his neck, tilting his head the right angle to fuck his mouth.
Steve rewarded him with a longer kiss this time and got back to work with the wax, lighting the next candle while he finished the azure pattern. “You’re such a beautiful canvas.” He purred, admiring the way the wax followed the curves and dips created by Tony’s muscles. “One more color now.” He let the azure trickle down Tony’s spine for a moment, enjoying the moan he got in return.
“It’s a calm day, for once. Let us enjoy it.”
“But why? The doctor said you won’t be able to travel in a while…we could’ve gone to see Japan or Australia. You’ve been to Greece before, Steve! Hell, you’ve been to Cyprus before…didn’t you come here after graduating when you were dating that asshole that cheated on you?”
Steve made a face and turned to look at Tony.
“Only if you promise not to steal anything.”
Stark.
He was interrupted by a snowball to the chest and looked up to see Tony staring back at him with a cheeky grin.
Sam and Bucky showed up for the end of the year, bringing a suitcase filled with fan mail that arrived to his place. Apparently, someone leaked that he was undergoing treatment for brain cancer online and fans of Iron Man started showering him with love and encouragements.
Steve’s eyelids felt glued down but after a few tries he managed to open them, focus his gaze only to see Tony there, kneeling in front of him, his hand just inches away from Steve’s knee. It landed there when the Captain exhaled deeply and squeezed.
“You okay?”
“Mh. Well…this is awkward, though.”
Steve sat back upright, unsure what to do with himself and all the pent up energy running through his body. On the desk was one of those annoying perpetual motion toys in the shape of various circles moving around one another as planets, Steve reached over to stop it and nearly knocked over a delicate looking model of an airplane. Better not touch anything.
He really thought Tony wanted more than what they had right now but clearly he had misread the signals. All the flirting and the touching. Steve thought it meant something but clearly, he fooled himself.
When they arrived, they got in the elevator and Steve leaned back against the metal wall and sighed. “She ordered key lime pie.”
In the war, there was no space and no time for softness.
Clint’s kids still called him Sir, for God’s sake. They called Fury Uncle Nick!
“You poor thing!” Tony added, taking the small inconvenience of not having the best dessert on the menu like a personal attack as he took out his phone.
It felt like goodbye.
“You dick! Why would you say it like that?!”
It felt real when they were laying on the beach in California and Tony was talking about the stars and constellations above them.
Steve smiled and beckoned him close so he could ruffle his hair. “Sure you can kiddo.” He assured. “Now, help your old uncle up so your mother will stop looking at me like I’m about to pass away.”
They landed on the bed in just their underwear and Tony ran his fingers through blond damp hair, pulling Steve in a heated kiss only to have the blond stop it with a grin, moving away from him and gaining himself a loud disapproving whine.
Tony chuckled and leaned up to kiss him gently. “We’re gonna have a huge honeymoon after this.”
“Break what?”
“How is that something you want to mention to my Deputy?”
“He’s being raised by two British lesbians. He’s not under USA regulations because he’s visiting, Mrs. Wilson.” Steve yelled back. “He can have a couple beers if he wants.”
A realm were just him and Tony existed and nothing more.
“Aye.” Steve replied in a whisper. “But mostly the lasses and children.” He winked, leaving Stark to laugh as he returned to the cot and laid back down, switching tune to one about booze:
“Steve is a good man, I wish he came to me to ask for a blessing, I’d have given it years ago.”
And to think Steve didn’t want to go on this trip with Tony. It was a private thing, visiting the Keeners for the holidays, and Steve had only met Harley a couple times and definitely didn’t know anything about the rest of his family. Plus, he wasn’t the greatest with kids.
“Steve…”
“You and your money, Stark. Why didn’t you marry those instead of this poor woman? Surely looks like you love them more than you do her or your son.”
Bucky looked utterly confused at the whole explanation. “…why?”
He put a golden plate underneath it and asked her to let him wake up in Tony’s world while lighting it.
Tony pulled back just as someone called him for the third time, lifting his gaze to find Sue Storm next to him, her expression less than pleased. Tony’s gaze moved back to the man he was kissing and sure enough, that was not Steve in the Cap uniform but Johnny Storm. Jesus, those two could pass up for twins!
“Goodnight Steve…”
“Happy birthday, love.”
“Captain! Looking good today!”
Sure, there was a time in his life when he thought he would marry and have 2,5 kids and grow old in a house with a white picket fence. But that was before the war, before the future, before realizing he had a choice in the matter, before realizing he was into men and before he started dating Tony Stark and enjoying his life as just Steve.
Tony stared at the sinful smirk on Steve’s lips and moved his hand up his leg, under the clothes, feeling stockings at least up his knees.
“…uh?”
Tony hummed, tugging Steve closer to kiss him slowly. “I would love that.” He assured. “Why don’t you be a lovely secretary and take that pile over to Pepper’s office while I finish reading here?”
“Beautiful.” Tony moaned. “Just like that…” He praised, moving faster, more frantically, one hand leaving Steve’s chest to wrap around his own cock and stroke it. “You’re so hard, baby…I-I…won’t be walking straight…ah, fuck. Yes.
Steve laughed a little. “Neither you nor Buck are Rhodey. He’s his own person.”
Howard didn’t answer. His brow twitched up but his expression remained neutral and he tapped his pen lightly against the desk.
Tony let out a chuckle, it looked almost sad. He squeezed Steve’s hand and started to let go but the Captain held tighter.
So now he was walking into the crowded room where the celebration was being held, swaying ever so slightly.
“I’m proud of you.” His boyfriend added softly and squeezed him tightly. “You did great.”
He heard a second gunshot at the same time he felt pain blossom on the left side of his chest and screamed, falling in and out of conscience.
“Mh, don’t remember the name. I only remember the blue eyes and those fiery red hair.”
Howard leaned back in his chair, watching him some before he stood up and wandered over to the window to look outside. “How much money do you have in your bank account at the moment?” He asked.
“Lovely.”
“ENOUGH!”
“Steve Rogers, also known as Captain America.”
“For real. He was an assignment for a class I didn’t even like.”
“Really? Because you spent thirty minutes arguing while Steve was in that bed.” He accused. “I love you, all of you. So does Steve. But we didn’t want to risk it.”
Tony frowned at the cop coming over and stood, accepting the bag that was handed to him: Steve’s clothes, his shoes, his phone, wallet and keys.
“Steve? Jesus. You were not answering to me. I was about to call an ambulance.”
“Enough.”
Bucky and Sam took him to a barber and they got matching buzz cuts. For Sam it was less than an inch, but for Buck it was a full 6 or 7 inches gone.
Opening his eyes again, he felt more voices around him; a blurred man dressed in blue was holding a flashlight in front of him. “Steve?” Suddenly there was a hand squeezing his. “I’m sorry, oh fuck! Steve?” He tilted his head and frowned, a blurred face was staring at him worriedly.
“Don’t be silly, Stevie.” Tony huffed. “You don’t have a statue of me. And Pygmalion was a Latin myth; you would have to make the sacrifice to Venus.”
Tony shrugged a little. “Maybe. If I play my cards right.” He chuckled. “So. Any Cap around?”
“Sorry.” Steve smiled, accepting the water when a straw was brought to his lips. He drank slowly before letting his head fall back on the pillow and closing his eyes. “Thanks, feel better.”
“I know the vintage look is on purpose and all but some of these look like they belong in one of those porn magazines I paid my friends to buy for me when I was in college.” He complained, handing over the pictures of the night before. “Can’t we switch to digital camera for once?”
Tony straightened up, pulling all the way out and sliding back in easily with the mess of precum and lube that was Steve’s hole, starting to fuck him in earnest, thrusting hard, almost following the beat of the rock song playing in the background. “Don’t you dare make a mess on my desk, Rogers.” He ordered. “What would the cleaning crew think?”
Steve leaned in, lips brushing against Tony’s fingers as he took the chestnut before he smirked teasingly and leaned up to kiss his cheek. “You’re sexy when you talk Italian.” He told him. “Also your accent is adorable.”
“He’s not bad when he’s sober. You can even hold an entire conversation with him.”
Steve pulled back from the kiss, grinding against him a little and kissing along his neck, then slowly getting up and pushing his panties down.
Tony gave him a sad look and Steve swore to himself he would have to make it up to him somehow. He made Tony’s life way too hard. He should have a few victories.
“Yeah…” He drawled out the word. “I kinda told your father we’d be fucking throughout our honeymoon to piss him off and…” He paused. “He did call me a gold digger, I feel like now we have to.”
Tony winked and got up, walking out and watching Sarah go call the doctor while his mother got a chance to say hi to Steve and wish him well before joining them.
“Promise me.”  Tony insisted. “Promise me you’ll do anything you can to fix this. I love you, I don’t want anything bad to happen to you.”
Words: 687
Steve approached slowly, held out his hand and smiled when Tony took it.
“You’re a genius.” Tony stated, chuckling and bringing his hand up to kiss his knuckles before stopping in front of a gate. The sign and the wall around it were all written and ruined and Steve frowned some, understanding that most of those were declarations of love (names and hearts were the most common things) but still disapproving of the method chosen to declare these kids’ love.
“No, I wouldn’t say so.” Steve answered with a small shrug. “What did you see in my tests?”
Words: 665
“Where are we going?” He asked gently as he followed Tony one evening, the sun was setting and Steve ached to stop and take pictures but Tony was urging him along.
Steve sat back on his heels and reached for the azure candle, bringing it close and starting to let the wax drip on Tony’s back in a regular pattern, using his thumb to shape every drop the way he wanted. They might have looked like petals at first when he was working with the black and the navy blue but finally his design was starting to look the way he planned.
“With pleasure,
His smile didn’t reach his eyes. Neither did Sam’s when he jumped into the conversation. Steve was sure his own smile mirrored theirs as they tried to decide if they wanted to go somewhere cold or warm to spend their vacation.
“I will never speak to you again.”
Steve stared in wonder. “I—it’d be an honor, sir.”
Sometimes he would say things to him, mention places and names and wait…as if Steve was about to play along to some inside joke.
He probably should be thankful that the Captain America voice worked even when he didn’t have the faintest idea what to do. However, he did not feel very thankful right about now.
She shook his hand and handed him a business card. “We will still need to interrogate your husband when he’s feeling better. You can call me and I’ll come here or you can come to the station when he gets out.” She offered.
Steve rolled his eyes at him and kissed him. “Yes, actually. I’d be very jealous if you did. You’re all mine.” He said and tugged the sheet tighter around them, using it to ‘trap’ Tony in his embrace. “My burrito, now you can’t go flashing nobody.” He grinned, kissing his neck.
Bucky looked up from the sketchbook and shrugged a little, making Steve’s heart sink a little.
“Caldarroste. They’re called caldarroste.” Tony said for the third time, looking up then to give his boyfriend a dry look. “You’re just making fun of me, now. Let’s see you try to speak Italian.” He accused, finally managing to peel the hot shell and pop the chestnut in his mouth. He then took another, peeled it without struggling so much and handed it over to Steve.
Beside the fact he was dating a fictional character he created in college?
Steve was just a sad old man in a body too young. They might be friend but he shouldn’t have fooled himself wanting more.
He moved back to the States.
This new era was rougher than the one he left: plastic and metal, and sharp edges and cold glass to touch instead of paper, the lights felt a little colder, the colors felt brighter, too bright, too rough.
At that same time, Steve got super obsessed with Arthurian stories and couldn’t stop drawing swords and armors all over the place.
Between the two of them, they could write about a dozen books about bad parenting and its effects of people. They could provide a nice home to people in bad situations, clean clothes and a tender word to someone who needed it. And hell, they had more than enough money to be able to donate a few thousands to each of the kids that might end up in their house, give those teens a starting point in life, a good lawyer or doctors or therapy.
“You’re pathetic, Rogers.”
“I gotta take off my socks. I stepped in a puddle and it’s gross and wet and cold…” Steve told him, removing his socks and Tony’s as well. “And it’s the least sexy thing on earth having sex with socks on.”
“Are you here as my friend or as my work, Stark?”
“Me.”
Tony looked at Steve, joking around with the nurse as if they were family, then back at Sarah. “I’m gonna be here a lot.”
Gripping Steve’s hips, he started thrusting deeper and slower. “Ask nicer.”
He started rocking slowly, muttering nonsense about it not being real, not being real, not being real.
“I wanted to be the person you think of whenever you think of having sex in the office, not whatever girl you brought here years ago.”
Tony’s reaction to that AWFUL pun should not have been the instant urge to drag Steve back to bed.
Tony’s whole body went lax and he dropped down in the chair in relief, closing his eyes. “My God.” He sighed. “Thank you.”
That said, he wasn’t really sober either.
Steve stilled and closed his eyes, his own hold tightening. “I love you too.”
“Promise?”
Bucky frowned. “I thought you were doing better with those migraines.”
Tony Stark poorly imitating Irish accent as he laid on one of the benches and sang happily to himself. And to poor Deputy Barnes, of course.
And it's no, nay, never. No, nay, never no more, will I play the wild rover. No, never no more…”
Steve leaned down to pull him in a deep kiss. “I’ve been hard all the way here. I want you inside.” He breathed against his lips. Fuck.
“You can take your blessing, roll it up in a thousand bill and shove it up your---”
“You’ve been asleep, Cap. For almost 70 years.”
Steve turned to look at him, a weak smile on his lips. “Granted.”
They pulled back and just stood there for a minute before Steve spoke again:
Steve gave a small wave and watched her get on her car and leave before turning to find Tony at his side. The two of them shared a look and both moved to get into the car, the silence stretching comfortably between them as they drove home, Tony humming lightly along with the radio.
“You should really stop taking planes.”
Fury ordered as he stood there, a vein on his temple pulsing quickly.
It was a slow and careful job, taking almost ten minutes per minute and once he reached the small of Tony’s back and heard him whine, Steve paused, putting away the candle and moving his fingers through his lover’s hair gently.
Bucky smiled and started to get up before he stopped. “You sure you don’t need me here?” He asked. “What about supper?”
Steve was unpacking boxes in his new apartment when he found one labeled ‘college stuff’ and got curious: inside where a couple books he kept and some notebooks and posters, a bunch of pictures and drawings of all kind. There was Iron Man too, there.
Steve absolutely refused not to have pets.
“Good. Keep your eyes open, keep watching.”
“And if you show your face again, I’ll call security.” Howard called after him, keeping the door of his office open.
“That is ridiculous.” Steve snorted.
“Repeat that…” Steve said lightly as he watched Tony fight with the hot chestnut in his hands.
“You’re sick.”
Howard looked a little taken aback from the answer but he continued. “But if I told Tony I wanted you to sign a pre-nup he’d get mad at me and refuse. You’re manipulating him.”
Tony smiled. “Yeah, and you can make it as big as you want and as romantic as you want.” He said, hugging the two of them warmly before turning to Howard, pausing a moment before hugging him too. “You’re invited. And you’re paying.”
Tony raised his hands in defense. “You guys look alike. You cannot deny he looks a lot like you.” He said quickly. “He’s not as tall as you and his ass is not as good as yours and his hair’s a bit darker but he was wearing the cowl so I didn’t see that.” He was full rambling now. “And his eyes are not as deep and old as yours, he’s just a kid with powers, he didn’t go through hell and back to gain them so he could help the people he loved. And the way he kissed me felt wrong, there was no spark and no passion and you do nothing without passion, Steve I---”
“And we can watch Ashley win Survivor.”
“Sounds lovely. What’s her name?” Bucky asked.
“I freaked out?! My son is in a hospital bed because of you.”
The red wine started spreading like blood on her chest, Steve froze, his eyes going wide, and his hands gripped the sides of the table, the room spinning around him.
Growing older, life just got harder, rougher.
“Then no upstairs, I don’t bring criminals into my home.” Steve said, grabbing a blanket and a pillow and handing them to Tony as he walked back into his cell. He then grabbed another blanket and the lamp and followed the pouting man inside the cell.
Steve shrugged. “We’ll be fine.”
“Uhm…Tony?”
They both asked and Steve nodded lightly. “I feel high.” He admitted, his gaze moving to Tony.
“Oh, it’s so fun! Nobody knows but Tony’s butler. I gave him a British sassy butler like Alfred but he’s an Artificial Intelligence that can control the suit for Tony when he needs to be in the same room as Iron Man.”
((English is not my first language, feedback is very welcome!))
“Steven Rogers?”
“Please.” Tony snorted. “Barnes’ smart but not that smart. No one would ever think you’re the kind of lad to bring another lad into his bed.” He teased, pressing a kiss on a small bruise on his side. Steve was always bruised, scratched or cut somehow. Whether it was from helping someone to carry something heavy or from ending up in a fight with bad people threatening Timely. Tony had to worry about his safety all day, every day. Steve was way too good for this town, way too righteous for a shithole like this, a shithole filled with cowards and scum. Or in Tony’s cases. Both.
Steve nodded. “I still will. And I still would like you to attend. But that’s just me giving a damn about your son’s happiness. But I can see I’m probably the only one.”
“No, I mean… in the song there’s this man who travels to the future and sees a killing robot so he comes back, tries to save humanity but nobody believes him and he turns evil, turns to vengeance and becomes the very same monster he saw in the future.” Steve continues, bullshitting his way through homework had always been sort of a talent. He was just good at giving speeches. ‘Ma said he could’ve been a politician if he wasn’t that honest. “Iron Man is a hero that has given up on his humanity, pretty much. Nobody knows his alter ego, nobody knows that there’s a human inside the armor. He just---he carries the weight of his past on his shoulders, knows that his hands are dirty and that people could never see him as the hero so he became the robot, became the Iron Man to try and make amends for his sins.”
“Color?” He muttered.
“Excuse you! I am the finest engineer in the world. And my boyfriend will not slander my wonderful creat--”
“That’s the smartest thing you’ve said since you walked in here.” Howard informed him as he turned back to look at him. “So don’t come to me with words like love and stable job and the sobbing story of how my relationship with my son is hurting Tony.” He told him. “You might not need the influence my son has to support yourself but it surely helps.” He smirked. “You paid your mother’s bills on your own, I agree. But would’ve you been able to if my son didn’t pay half the bills of your Boston apartment for years?” He asked. “You can’t even afford a suit of the right size to come here to talk to your…father-in-law.”
Steve walked out of the bathroom looking as if nothing happened and Tony had cleaned up the little mess on the side of the desk and returned to his paperwork. Tony smiled. “Shall we?” He asked, turning off his computer and gathering the papers on his desk in his arms as he stood up. “I’m starving.”
His world always been hard and rough.
“…let me guess, his daddy drank?”
Tony’s eyes slid to the window to the side of them, watching their image reflected there in awe. Steve’s hand moved to his shirt and Tony slapped it away playfully, winking at him. “Less messing my clothes and more sucking, Rogers.”
And yet there was something, in the back of his mind…something nagging at him.
“Stan really likes your character. He did you justice in Bruce’s comic, did he not? Did you have fun scaring Ross away?”
Wait.
Steve smiled to himself, the small velvet box heavy in his pocket.
Even in these conditions, every waking minute he wasn’t working, he spent drawing and sketching Iron Man’s adventures, Tony Stark soon gaining more allies and more enemies. Steve seemed to know everything about him. Seemed to know
Steve smirked.
Eventually the stimulation started getting too much for Tony and Steve got up, grabbed a towel and finished cleaning them up quickly. He turned the genius on his stomach again and settled on the bed with him, spreading a soothing cream on the burns and whispering how good and perfect and beautiful Tony had been for him, cuddling with him until they both fell asleep.
He felt Steve’s muscles tighten around him, watched as his back arched slightly as he came. Tony swallowed hard, holding him there and trying not to follow suit. As soon as Steve looked like he wasn’t going to black out on him, Tony pulled out, tugged him away from the desk and down to his knees.
This close Steve could smell the alcohol. “Are you drunk?”
He was really looking forward to this.
“You feeling better now?”
City: Pisa
Steve wandered over to the deputy, pulling a chair and sitting down there beside Bucky, lifting his feet up on the edge of the windowsill, continuing to sip his water as he moved his head in time with Starks’ voice.
“I’m sorry, Tony.”
Steve blushed a little at the compliment, before it clicked. “Wait.”
“What’s with that beard?”
“Thank you, love.”
He did. Steve’s lungs filled with oxygen and his brain started clearing slowly, the nightmare visions fading until he was left in darkness.
“Would I ever be friend with someone that calls himself Mr. Fantastic?” Tony asked with a wide smirk, taking his drink and starting to make his way over.
That’s why he was wearing this silly pajama looking Star Trek uniform.
. Standing up quickly and almost stumbling in the table next to theirs, Steve managed to walk out of the restaurant and over to her car, leaning heavily against the car door and sliding down until he was crouched down away from sight, head between his knees, hands covering his eyes, trying to breathe deeply as flashes of bombs and guns and blood on olive green uniforms danced behind his eyelids. It wasn’t real. It wasn’t real.
The first time he sketched Tony, it was for a college assignment. The teacher asked his class to draw a small comic stripe with an original character and Steve went back to his dorm and asked his best friend Bucky to send him some of his favorite characters so he could study them and find inspiration since he wasn’t the biggest comics fan himself.
A second snowball hit Harley’s face and Abby stood proudly next to Tony as the Iron Man armor landed behind them carrying two more balls. Steve turned to the oldest Keener and touched his bracelet, an hologram shield appearing on his hand, slightly smaller than his regular one but just as effective.
Of course, Tony was not interested in him. Why would he when there were so many younger, much more attractive men out there?
“Do we have to write new vows? I don’t know if I can top the first one, I made Rhodey and Natasha cry.”
Tony, like the best chess player, was always planning four moves ahead. And with Steve it was a real challenge since the Captain was also a very good strategist.
But right now Steve was distracted and Tony could take the chance and surprise him, sweep him off his red boots.
(See the end of the chapter for
And, of course, he was also wearing an eyepatch. Which, to be quite honest, was not helping much with his balance.
“Gorgeous.”
Steve kissed him. “Too much?”
Steve wasn’t Captain America. Then what did he mean by ‘his favorite Captain’?
Tony stood up and grabbed him roughly, kissing him hard once more before turning him around and pushing him on the desk, enjoying the sound Steve let out. “You came here to be used, fucked like a cheap whore.”
“See you next week then.”
((English is not my first language, feedback is very welcome))
“Yes sir!”
“Tony…you didn’t have to.” Steve said as he admired the bronze statue there.
Steve felt almost as if it was affecting him but he knew he wasn’t drunk on booze but drunk on Tony, on the way he touched him. He let out a moan as Tony’s hands landed on his ass, squeezing it tightly.
Steve was laughing at something Andrea said, small crinkles appearing at the corner of her brown eyes as her hands moved along with her story. She was a beautiful woman with a lovely sense of humor and she didn’t mind his Avenging job. Being a veteran herself, she understood most of his issues – to a degree. They had met through a dating app and had been chatting for a few weeks before finally deciding to meet up and their first date so far had been lovely, not many awkward moments and not too much flirting. They were getting to know one another and Steve thought it was going well.
“Am I allowed to come upstairs tonight?”
“What is that?”
He tried to focus on the pictures around the office, then, but found nothing interesting: a young Fury in an Army uniform, a young Coulson next to a Fury already wearing the eyepatch, a picture of the Avengers after the battle of New York. Fuck. Tony’s hair looked so fluffy and cute in that picture.
“What’s this place?” He asked to Tony.
Steve smirked a little as he turned to Jacob, Peggy adopted son, and gave the teen a small wink.
“Hi, Galatea…”
“He wants to marry me.” Tony finished for him. “I told him he didn’t have to, that you’re an asshole and I don’t care about your permission or your blessing or any of that and he insisted it was important—
Bucky agreed to take him anywhere he wanted, as long as he at least took the medicines. Bargaining.
Honestly, he never ‘
“That’s just one.” Peggy argued as she took the bunch of letters. Then she chuckled. “Oh, you’re evil.”
Steve grinned and kissed his temple. “They’re gonna make you think of me.”
The report was gone quickly like that and Tony swirled his chair around, smiling as he noticed Steve sitting on the corner of his desk, legs crossed and Tony’s hand went back to his thigh. “That feels nice…will you keep doing that for the next couple reports, too?”
Steve smiled at the thoughtful gift despite the fact he never believed in this stuff.
“No whiskey?”
“How do you always get so sad when you’re sober, Tony?”
“I don’t give a fuck what you want! This is not a choice you get to make.”
Bruce immediately took him up on the offer. Steve took a while to convince.
“No…it’s not that.”
“…nice pair we make, uh? Falling in love with people that don’t exist in our own universe.”
He kept dreaming of Tony almost every night. He got to fly with him on the armor and swim with him in the infinity pool on the top of his skyscraper. Tony took him out to dinners and lunches and breakfasts all over the world, talking about science and engineering and wonderful adventures.
“I…how did I get here?”
Tony exclaimed as he took Steve’s hand, turning him around and planting a kiss on his lips, hard and passionate, one hand moving to his neck and the other to his hip.
“You know that the statue of the Nile has his face covered ‘cause Bernini hated Borromini’s guts and that church…” Tony turned from the fountain to point at the church across Piazza Navona. “Is made by Borromini so the statue is kind of hiding from it?” He pointed out.
He and Stan had a long talk, wrote down a number of ideas for Iron Man’s adventures that would serve the man for a long while.
Steve tried to answer to every single letter, if only with a tiny sketch of Iron Man for whoever tried to reach out. He tried posting updates on his socials and reassure his fans and colleagues but the truth was that it wasn’t going to work. Steve has read it in his doctors’ eyes when they offered to treat him and could read it in the gentle attentions of the nurses at the hospital. His mother used to act the same way with terminal patients.
Clint commented and Tony tipped his hat at him, stumbling over to where the archer was, dressed as a cowboy, and grinned.
“Give him the best room, I’ll pay for it.” Howard said lightly and Tony didn’t even need to see Sarah’s face to imagine the fire those words lit up in her eyes.
“Steve.”
Seasonal depression hit him right in the chest that year.
And he woke up.
They wouldn’t adopt. Too much responsibility, too dangerous to have a Stark-Rogers kid out there.
convinced him put his espresso machine in the communal are after that time he drank 12 in a day and gave himself a minor heart episode – when the door opened and there was his handsome boyfriend carrying one of those awful Starbucks concoctions that, somehow, contained enough sugar and artificial flavors to give him a boost of energy.
“Please. Best honeymoon ever.”
“Mh, think I can sneak a candle in the Louvre and leave it for the Venus of Milo?”
“Why isn’t Pym in there with him?”
“The same way you dare accusing me to manipulate your son after you paid five thousand dollars to my high school girlfriend to tell him I cheated on him.” Steve informed. “Peggy would like to thank you, about that. She apologized and told Tony it was all bullshit the moment she got your check and that she needed the money for her honeymoon. Japan, lovely location.” He said lightly. “I was thinking of something calm and tropical for myself and Tony. Less activities and places to see and more drinks on the beach and sex.”
“I do.”
“Mh, I thought about it a lot…”
A soft sigh escaped Tony’s lips as he watched the other walk out, those pants hugging his ass like a glove. Right. Work. Finish quickly so he could get distracted.
Steve grinned to himself. “As long as it’s not Eric.”
“Fuck Rogers.”
“No, it’s not real Steve. C’mon gorgeous, come back to me…”
“C’mon. Hop in.”
He only remembered flashes after that, voices and a siren. At some point, he was almost sure he heard his mother’s voice, felt her fingers stroke through his hair as she told him: “We got you, darling. Stay with me…it’s going to be alright.”
“I will, officer.”
“I’ve been reading on your latest publications and I really enjoy the character of Hulk.” He told Mr. Dikto. “Given that he’s currently in a bad situation, on the run from General Ross and give the influence a character like Tony Stark would have on the public and the army after his decision to shut down his weapon department…I mean, this could be the perfect moment to introduce him to the timeline, have him help out Banner and then publish his origin arc after the fan got to know him a little in another series.”
Tony quickly tried to recover from his mistake, leaning in and kissing Sue on the lips, pulling back almost immediately and grinning charmingly. “I’d give you a proper one too but we don’t want to anger the loving boyfriend, do we?” He joked, winking over to an unimpressed Reed Richards in a Lancelot costume. “Cool armor!” He added. “Call me if you ever want a real one.” He joked, tipping his hat for Sue and then again for Johnny, who was smirking smugly at him.
The punches and the blood, the food that he could never quite cook like her, the smell of paint and the burn in his throat with every cough, the wind, the way the world was a little dimmer without her, the shadow of something evil growing in the world; and the only softness was the feeling of his brushes on the canvas.
Steve licked along his lips before standing up. “Very well, Mr. Stark.”
The conversation continued pleasantly, they played videogames and ordered pizza for dinner. When Sam left, Steve got ready for bed and climbed in. That night, for the first time, he had a dream about Iron Man.
Now he couldn’t imagine his life being a white picket fence house and small children.
good. Steve. Fuck, Steve. Steve…” He rambled, licking his lips before throwing his head back some, his hands moving to Steve’s thigh behind him, short nails sinking into his skin as he reached his climax.
“Yeah…yeah. That works.”
But maybe…maybe something equivalent?
“I think I’ll go travel Europe. I’ve always wanted to see Greece.”
“I sent Bambi and Kyle home, it’s almost six. I can take the documents to whenever they need to be when you’re done.”
Jacob started spending every single waking moment with him. Acceptance.
“Your slutty panties?” Tony asked. “Why would I know?”
“We wouldn’t have argued at your wedding.” Sarah told him.
Steve shot up immediately and pulled Tony up with him, glancing over to see both the airplane model and one of the frames on the ground, in pieces.
“Is that how you wanna play it, Stark?”
“Deal.”
Gorgeous.
“You do?! Oh, then I’ll come along. Show you all the fun places.”
“…Mom-”
“Yes, exactly. Not your approval, I repeat, I will marry Tony if he wants me. But I know for your son it’s important that you accept that. Even if he doesn’t like to admit it.”
“I’d like you to meet you Mr. Lee, the creator of Hulk so you can pitch your Hulk & Iron Man idea to him.”
Peggy sighed a little and leaned in to kiss his forehead.
“Promise.”
“What do you want, Steven?” Howard interrupted, gesturing dismissively towards the chairs across from him. “Skip the pleasantries and make it quick, I’m sure you have…” He paused, looking him over with the same arrogance and disgust of the rest of the people around him. “…things to do.” He finished.
Andrea smiled softly at him. “We already knew that before we ordered the pie, didn’t we?”
“I like having company.”
Steve had never seen Tony with hair so long, nor wearing clothes that revealed the light of the arc reactor behind his shirt so clearly. Yet here it was, right before his eyes. So beautiful and perfect and…real.
“And they haven’t called in a week. C’mon…if it were something bad, they would have called already.”
“Because I’ve…” Steve shrugged. “Because I gotta give it a try.”
“Is that my payback for not inviting you two to the wedding?” He asked jokingly.
“I know but I actually need to call the doctor to check on you.”
“You’re a queer man, Rogers.”
Steve let out a loud groan as Tony shifted position ever so slightly, squeezing around him. “Tony…”
birthday. For Angie’s first red carpet once she finally made it big, for Jacob’s graduation and for Sam and Bucky’s wedding.
Tony was wearing light brown breeches cut to the knee; his black leather boots covered the rest of his legs; his shirt was bright red, closed with drawstrings on the sleeves and the front (for easy access); a large black belt over a red sash, a cutlass hanging from his side, a black vest and a tricorn hat finished the look.
He took the box to the room he decided would be his art studio and started placing his drawings in a nice album so he could keep them around. For some reason when it came to Iron Man…Steve put it in a plastic sheet to avoid ruining it any more than he had already and put it back on the wall, right above his desk. He should really give this cute comic another chance. Maybe he could give Iron Man a backstory and a couple adventures, try and sell it to a publisher even.
.” Steve replied cheekily and started marching out.
He pushed Tony further on the desk, half laying on top of him and letting his kisses trail south on Tony’s chin and his neck, feeling the faint sound of metal and glass crashing on the ground but not quite caring until someone cleared their throat and the two of them turned to look at the door.
He blinked.
His teacher bought it. Gave him a nice grade and Steve hung the stipe on the wall in his dorm and forgot about it for a few years.
“Fine, I will.” Sarah said and Steve looked away from Tony and over to her.
“Okay then.” He kept looking at his best friend a minute more before moving his gaze to the pages in front of him once more. “So…what happens after he manages to kill Iron Monger? Who’s the next cool villain? Does Pepper find out that there’s no bodyguard and it’s Tony who saved her?”
“You don’t know?” Sam cupped his cheeks and forced him to meet his gaze, moving his finger in front of his eyes and lifting his eyelids carefully to check him out. “Where were you?”
“…you could be Denzel’s double.” Steve deadpanned.
“Permission to come aboard, Captain?”
Tony reached for his hand. “Come swim with me.” He encouraged. “And we can take a run, and make love all night. No treatments here, no issues.”
God, this man.
“I’m just grateful you didn’t kiss me.”
And suddenly Tony was in a nice three piece suit, sunglasses covering his eyes and Steve was wearing jeans and a breezy shirt and they were on the side of a large highway. “Oh.”
“Right…”
As soon as they were inside, Steve was on him, kissing him with the same playful energy that had them giggling and running like kids all the way back here. Giddy, that’s how he felt.
“Oh darling, no.” Andrea reached out to stroke his arm. “You did not. I’ve been there before. This is not your fault. We were almost done with dessert anyway. Go home with your friend and have a good night sleep, it looked like it was an intense one.”
“Are---” Steve stopped himself from asking if she was sure. He was confident she wouldn’t be joking about something like that after suffering through increasing painful contractions for the past twenty minutes. “Are you comfortable like this?” He asked instead. “Do you wanna lie down? Squat?”
“For real?”
Tony barely had the time to pocket the business card before both Maria and Sarah were standing in front of him. “Husband?!” They demanded, almost in perfect sync.
Day 3: Lenzuola
Tony grinned and kissed him on the lips in return. “C’mon, let’s take a walk. I’m all stiff from the flight.” He said, tucking himself against Steve’s side as they started to explore the city.
“Aye, Sheriff!” Tony answered, getting up and saluting over to them.
“Pretty little soldier.”
“I would love that.”
“Mh, I like it when you’re possessive.” Tony purred, undoing his belt and pulling his pants down, positioning himself and rubbing the tip of his cock against Steve’s hole. “But for once, you’re very very wrong.” He added, pushing in as he leaned so he could press a kiss to Steve’s broad back. “Because you’re the first person I fuck in this office.”
As he watched Tony discuss with Harley and his sister about the structural integrity of their snow fort, he could picture a nice house away from the city. Not in the suburbs, somewhere quiet and with lots of green like Clint’s ranch. He could picture Tony taking care of a small garden of roses in the spring and putting up elaborate decorations in the winter. They could have one of those trucks Steve liked to go around in bad weather and Tony would complain about leaving his beautiful babies in the garage all alone to go around with this embarrassing waste of an engine. They would have a heated pool and in winter, with snow all around, they would still be kissing and making out in the shallow side, sipping wine and enjoying a luxurious life.
“I need to push.”
“No, it’s real, it was a chapel but there was no Elvis. Just me and Steve, our close friends, we had the rings and we were both dressed to the nines and there were beautiful flowers and we walked up the aisle to AC/DC and we had our first dance to Frank Sinatra and it was exactly the wedding
But eventually the turbulence and shaking stopped, they started coming to an alt on the tarmac and Steve was holding a newborn baby girl in his arms.
“That would be quite the exhibition.”
“Rude.”
“You wouldn’t say that if I were wearing stockings.” Tony smirked.
He got his first exhibition and a famous French art critic asked if he ever been to Paris because his painting of the Seine was uncanny and wrote him an amazing review.
“Mh, love me a romantic dinner with candles.” Tony hummed, smiling as he started to eat.
“You’re a pig, Rogers.” Tony accused but he was honestly unable to hide how proud and flattered he was that Steve’s first instinct upon hearing about his sex tapes was to go look for those. Made him feel slightly less creepy for spending his teenage years with a shirtless picture of Captain America taped to his bedside table.
“Work.”
Tony sat up, smiling brightly up at him and standing, stumbling over to the bars and grabbing the mug from his hands, looking inside with a raised brow.
“I wanted to see Cyprus and the temple of Aphrodite.”
That night, at dawn, Steve was lead inside the perimeter of the sanctuary and over to where the altar would’ve been located. The candle he brought was red and gold, apple scented. Steve had carved roses on the outside; in the middle, wrapped around the wick, was a small drawing of Iron Man. He asked a lovely girl online with pink hair at a local witchy shop where could he commission something like that and she made it for him. He thought finding her was a good sign.
“Mh, me too.” Steve took the papers from him and wrapped his arms around his shoulders, cuddling him warmly. “…where’s my underwear?”
“And you’re dangerous, Rogers. You can’t do stuff like that! I’ve a weak heart.” He answered, pulling him in a hungry kiss, pressing close to him before smirking softly as they pulled apart. “But you can’t talk Italian for /shit/.” He added with a chuckle right before tugging Steve back into another long kiss. “Guess I’ll have to teach you.”
decide if I want to believe you!” He snapped. “We build weapons; we’re not supposed to use them.”
And right now, as he entered the hall of SHIELD HQ for the Halloween party, he could remember about six so not drunk, thank you very much.
“We can find you a doctor in the UK.” She explained softly. “You can come live with us, keep working on your art from there, even your comics. You can just have calls and video chats with your colleagues out here. It’s gonna be uncomfortable for the time zones but not impossible and I’m sure they want you to get better as much as we do.” She was nearly begging him now. “Steve, we can all pitch in a little to help you out, not enough to hurt anyone’s finances. And Buck and Sam can come visit from time to time.”
“Here.” Steve lifted his gaze from the phone when the secretary called his name and stood up, adjusting his jacket a little. “Thank you, ma’am.” He added as he walked up to the door, pausing before it.
“It’s white labradorite.” Sam explained. “Or rainbow moonstone. It’s supposed to give calming and relaxing vibes and help with dreams and improve focus and clarity.” He nodded. “I figured, since you’ve been having issues with sleep and work, you might use some placebo effect?” He shrugged and sighed at Steve’s raised brows. “One of my cousins is really into this stuff and I was telling her about your health problems and she dragged me to her favorite shop to get you one of these for you. Made me pick the one that spoke to me the most. She also convinced me to get you this.” He took out a small necklace with a light purple gem. “It’s amethyst, apparently it’s very good for healing headaches and stuff like that.”
“Yes, Tony pays more than me.”
Steve was sitting on the armchair in Sam’s living room, eating Chinese food with his friends, chatting about what they were gonna do for the holidays, listening to their plans, their ideas for trips and fun experiences.
After six months of treatments, when the doctor told him they could try another three months or give him something to manage the symptoms, Steve refused both.
Tony walked in, his eyes moving around quickly, curiously, memorizing every detail before he glanced down at the cat and he blinked a little.
Tony looked almost sheepish when he looked up from his phone, a little red spreading on his neck but never reaching his cheeks.
“Alright mama…are you ready to meet your baby?” He asked softly. “Give me a big push now.”
“His best is Steve, Howard.”
“Why do you love me, though.” Tony muttered. “That is a mystery, even to me.”
“M’ladies.” Tony bowed for them as he leaned against the counter next to them and drummed his rings on the shiny surface to get the attention of the bartender. “Scotch on the rocks.” He ordered.
“Well then, we’ll start the tests after that. No problem. Just…don’t delay too much.”
They arrived to the penthouse floor and flopped down on the couch, their sides pressing together from shoulder to knee and Steve took in a deep breath, slowly exhaling and halfway through the episode, Steve’s head was on Tony’s shoulder and his eyes slid closed.
“Hey.” Tony accused pulling his hand away and using it to push him lightly before the lovely guide of the museum interrupted them so they could go inside and visit the small museum there and go up to the balcony to take a few pictures.
“We’re gonna be able to go inside the sanctuary of Aphrodite, which people normally don’t do. And…I’ll be able to leave a candle on the altar.”
“So, your birthday is in less than a month, what are we doing?”
Steve hadn’t really given that much thought. “Iron man.” He said, after glancing down at the faded Black Sabbath sticker on his backpack (a reminder of his metal phase back in high school). “Like the song.” He explained. The teacher gave him a weird look, sensing he just made it up.
“You will, love. No one says you’re a side effect of my---of that thing.” Steve leaned down to kiss the top of his head; breathe in the familiar scent of his shampoo. “My brain can’t have created all of this.” He nodded. “You…you and I live in different universes and somehow we got connected. We are…”
Jacob gave him the first number of Captain America. He had printed it for him.
Silk blindfold and silk ties.
Prompt 1: Castagne (chestnuts)
“Jesus, I forgot Eric is still in it! Fuck Eric.”
Cut to a couple months later and the three of them would have weekly movie nights with Pepper and Rhodey. Bruce took it upon himself to educate Steve to the food of the world, taking him to all sorts of ethnic restaurant while Tony took care of his pop culture education, showing Steve movies, talking about politics, science, and books.
“Baby, you’re okay?”
“Have a nice day Mr. Stark.”
“Are you actually trying to make cry, kiddo? That’s…I love him. You should work on a little background, and then we can present it to Stan and Steve down at Marvel.”
Now it was perfect, with white foam crashing on the sand.
“You know why I said that?”
“It’s nice. There’s a lot of museums and parks, I’m planning a visit to Ireland next month. The side effects of the treatments are still…minor. A little nausea, I get tired a lot…”
“The doctors think it might be cancer.”
Steve could feel the judging glares directed his way without needing to look up from his phone. Those looks had been following ever since he walked through the front door and the security guard planted in front of him demanding to know if he had an appointment. Which he had. Thank you. He knew Howard hated him: the man had made it clear enough the first time Tony invited him over to their Martha’s Vineyard house for a weekend. Those two days had been at the same time lovely and terrifying.
“I was just worried he’d be another asshole that just wanted our money.”
“How did you know to call Tony?”
He tried to paint again.
Steve ran a hand through his hair frustrated before he sat down heavily in the large desk chair and leaned back.
Tony’s hands moved to his hair, messing it up as he hooked one leg around the other’s waist, deepening the kiss, making Steve taste the alcohol.
Both women seemed to think about it for a moment before his mother sighed. “But you’re still going to have a real wedding, right?”
Sam hugged him warmly. “That’s so cool, man! I’m so happy for you. And I can’t wait to see what you come up with. Also…I know the best friend is called James but he’s clearly me, right? I’m Rhodes.”
Sam, Peggy and Angie yelled at him. Anger.
Steve raised his mug in a fake toast to his friend’s words before nodding to the outside. “Go home to your wife, James.” He said. “That’s an order.” He added playfully.
Recently, Steve and Tony started watching Star Trek together and their lovely Captain was a sucker for the team dynamics and stories of a planet united in peace under a same flag that traveled the universe to explore the unknown. It quickly became their thing. Most nights than not Tony would find himself sprawled on Steve’s couch, sharing a blanket and snacks.
Maria nodded towards the other side of the room. “Do you guys know each other?”
“So, you were adamant to try and get an appointment on Anthony’s free day, even if you had to wait five weeks. It’s about him, then.”
The whimper that his boyfriend let out was better than any song ever created.
“Because my brain works better.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Love, my pants are too tight for that…I’m gonna have to take it off if you want to see more.”
“Green.”
“Hope.”
“Steve…”
Somehow, he survived.
If Steve thought the blindfold was overstimulation, he didn’t take into consideration how intense Tony’s gaze could be while he bounced on his cock. It was too much, too much and Steve wasn’t sure he could handle it. Wasn’t sure he could breath.
Both of them laughed, Tony even offered the other a couple sips from his flask before he wandered off towards the bar to get a drink and see if he could spot Steve somewhere.
“Get the fuck out of my office.”
“Would I ever?”
“Is it?”
“How did they take it?”
“So you want what? My blessing?” Howard scoffed.
Steve shifted a little so he could rub his clothed erection against Tony’s ass, get a little friction as his fingers shaped the wax on his lover’s back.
“Ah, my knight in a shining armor.”
“See…my favorite Captain, all-time favorite, over Captain Crunch even, is not Kirk.”
“So am I.” Steve replied. “What I want to show with all of this, is that I do not need Tony’s money or his influence or his name to live a good life.”
Tony started walking away from them, aware of the gazes following him. He wandered back to the bar where Natasha mercifully didn’t laugh of him, just raised a delicate finger to point one of the hallways.
“Fuck.”
If their property was large enough they might have some farm animals!
The bartender at Starbucks asked why they did it and when they answered solidarity for a friend who was going through chemo, she didn’t immediately realized the friend was Steve which he counted as a win.
Tony grinned.
“She protects the young lovers granting a happily ever after she couldn’t have.” Steve said, following him over to the statue and taking Tony’s hand in his once more, moving to press them gently over the right side of the statue’s breast together. “Maybe she’ll protect us, too, even if we’re not that young…”
“It is.” He confirmed. “Tony and I have been living together for a while now, I’ve a stable job. Two, actually and my mother’s health is much better.”
Tony’s lips moved to his own, rewarding him before he sat up, hands moving back to Steve’s chest, to his abdomen, holding onto him as he sensually moved, seeking his own pleasure, using him.
Tony hummed and put his glasses on. “Sorry, doll.” He replied and reached out to gently stroke his thigh through the suit pants. And then he stopped, looking up, taking in Steve’s shirt and tie. “Why are you all dressed up?” He asked and his eyes widened ever so slightly. “Did I miss---”
birthday? I got sick in the bouncy castle and Ma didn’t let me go on it anymore?”
