Ty scoffs, stopping in the middle of the school hallway. He pulls out his phone, tapping his password in quickly, and shows Tony a post from MarvelUs.com.
“No, it's fine, Tony,” Steve hurries to reassure. Tony shrugs in agreement and feels relief come over him. The rest of the group are suspiciously smug. It's only slightly confusing because most of the things this group of people does are confusing.
— said they should catch a dinner some time, but Tony always had a reason to get out of it. Steve felt pretty stupid but wasn't about to give up, and on his third try, Tony had somewhat reluctantly agreed to which Steve remembers feeling deliriously smug about. And the dinner went so well. It… It wasn't a date, no. Steve knew that much,
Heather groans, pushing him to the wall. As she descends on his neck, Tony's eyes fall to the ceiling. She's giggling into his skin as her tongue moves patternless over it, and Tony tilts his gaze to the side as she starts nibbling his ear. People, the less adventurous, linger on the outskirts of the party, speaking lowly to each other. T'Challa's there, now, talking to someone. Talking to —
“Hey, kid,” Mr. Stark greets. Peter feels his gut twist as he watches Mr. Stark scurry around the immaculate common room, looking for things to clean. “Remember to be here on — ”
A tornado of wrapping paper fills up the room. Tony tenderly tears away the corners of his. Inside, a soft, red knit sweater is wrapped around a box of Sarah’s fudge. Scott gasps from next to him.
Steve makes a noise of protest but is cut off by Natasha commanding placements. “Next to Tony is Bucky, then me, Sam, Bruce, Thor, and Scott on the loveseat.”
Honestly, nothing has gotten better for Tony's part of the Steve Rogers Situation. Including Tony's confusion on how Rogers manages to recruit people into the Gay Is Okay Group. The weird, emo, sophomore twins, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, had invited him and the rest of his friends to their birthday party. They'd posted a picture where they smushed Rogers in between them, an obvious statement. Pietro's beat two mile records for his age group. Wanda's the head of a hell of a lot of clubs that Tony can't even bother to name, and they're just new pieces to the Rogers puzzle. And the guidance counselor, Maria Hill, shook Rogers's hand on school grounds. Teachers are now breaking the rules for Rogers, and it's bothering the fuck out of Tony.
Sam's currently driving them to Steve's 'blind date’, which apparently requires the presence of all three of his best friends.
Mr. Stark, of course, beats him, but it takes longer than normal, and Peter supposes that it's because Mr. Stark's mind is elsewhere.
“Well, Cross, too bad,” he says, tone even. “Guess you're just not up to Rogers's, uh… manly standards.”
Tony can't find it in himself to be tired, but he never really is when an idea takes over his mind. He can stay awake for hours on end working on something.
Tony nods slowly. “Nice to meet you, too. When I was in third grade, I thought that if I believed in myself enough that I would fly, so I thought really hard before jumping off my house's second-story balcony.” He opens his mouth wide and points at one of his canines. “Thatssa fake toof.” He informs Steve and Barnes.
“ — and you would be alone, starting off in California,” Steve finishes. He frowns, a tad upset. “You’ll need all the friends you can get, right? Starting over, like this.”
Natasha rolls her eyes. “You just wanna know more about her because you're nosy. Go on to the next person, Sam.”
She keeps up light conversation as they pass some other people's offices and the marketing rooms that Tony's only visited once or twice.
Tony feels slightly tempted to throw a pillow at where Barnes is jumping next to him, but can’t find the energy to move. Instead, he hears Sharon tackle the boy down, and Barnes getting tortured by, what sounds like, Sharon, Sam, and Natasha. Thor’s snoring continues peacefully vibrating the entire damn room, and, twisting, Tony sees Bruce is standing and stretching, while Scott stares out at the window’s display of snow with childish happiness. Tony’s eyes wander back to directly in front of him, where Steve’s own eyelids are fluttering open. Immediately, Tony gives a sheepish grin; Steve just grins back, with a helpless look in his eyes, before sitting up, stretching his built arms above his head and yawning wide. Flushing, Tony shoves his face back into his pillow.
“Well, whatever,” he scoffs. “There's always the tip jar. Oh! I do have one way you could totally repay me.”
Hammer's making this weird expression, making his unattractive face look worse. “But, true. That Romanoff whore needs to learn a lesson or two.”
“Stevie and I have no secrets between each other,” Bucky says mysteriously, and Steve shrugs when Natasha looks at him for confirmation.
Tony knows he sent a silly, big smile back, but c'mon. He was helpless to do much else. Besides, he easily could've been sending it to Darcy Lewis who was behind Rogers, you never know.
Peter shows them the image of the beautiful woman, and Mr. Rhodes lets out an exhale. “Sounds like Tony's kind of partner,” he says vaguely.
When school's finally over, the only thing on Tony's mind is his promise from Rhodey that they'll watch all the Star Wars movies tonight, even the sequels. It's a promise that Tony holds close to his heart.
Tony huffs. “You should be. I gave up my one o'clock to three o'clock of crying in the shower for this.”
Steve ignores the discourse about him. “Honestly! He won't tell me what happened! That had to have hurt.”
Rogers gently dismisses him with a slight wave of hand. “It’s fine. Christmas gift.” He gives a small, adorable smile. Tony hopes Rogers can't hear the frantic beat of his heart.
Because — according to Ty who got it from fuck-knows-who — Steve got a growth spurt combined with military training combined with a nineties-semi-popular-movie star's protein shake diet plan combined with a super soldier serum like in a comic book combined with extensive five-minute every hour workouts and Tony didn't know what to believe until, when questioned by Christine Everheart, Rogers said only this: “Junior year is gonna be good.”
Sam sighs. “Because Steve has super soldier hearing, and I... Don't really wanna do this in front of him.”
Tony grins, smugly, and Jarvis also smiles, warmly. “I am pleased to hear that. Shall we take our leave, Master Stark?”
“Oh, so you acted as friends?” Steve asks, sardonically. “This was inappropriate, even then. You all know our... past.”
Natasha tsks from where she looks down at them, though amusement is high in her eyes. “Naughty, naughty, boys.”
They're silent for awhile. It doesn't really matter to Tony, because he's wondering if there's somehow to coerce Rogers in the car without giving off the impression that he cares or wants Rogers to be there, but the quiet apparently gets to Rogers, because he clears his throat, awkwardly, making Tony look over to him.
“Oh, hey, J,” Tony replies, standing. He carefully fingers the pages of the sketchbook before looking at Steve. “There any chance I could see more?”
The two others think over his words. Nat looks at Bucky. Bucky shrugs. Natasha hums. “Read them out.”
Right. Whole... Billionaire, genius, celebrity thing. God, and he's supposed to be some suave playboy, Steve must be thinking terrible things about him.
It's a video of Steve Rogers, of course, because nothing gets talked about more than Steve Rogers at Marvel High nowadays, and he's boxing, his fists moving incredibly fast in front of him. He's ridiculously sweaty and his white t-shirt is clinging to his pale skin, but he's got perfect form and he's confident in his punches.
Steve mournfully rubs DUM-E’s claw, staring morosely at the bot’s clunky body. DUM-E made a dejected chirp in reply.
Mind racing on excuses, he instinctively tells Happy to stop at the bakery and as he's opening the door to the building, he realizes what he's doing.
When questioned by nosey, ever-present Christine Everheart, Rogers said only this: “I don't like bullies.”
An hour seems to pass. Glancing at his watch, it was only twenty minutes, but it definitely feels like an hour.
Tony swallows back some panic. Rumlow grins, eyeing the two, who are waving Thor goodbye. “Well, why don't we — ”
“I do,” Steve agrees easily, and Tony’s heart sings. Steve chews his lip. “But you’re — you’re staying?”
The snow continues falling, the world keeps turning, even though Tony feels like his feet have been pulled out beneath him.
When nine hits, Sarah goes to bed in her room and Paul heads to Steve's with no discussion about it. Upon seeing Tony's slightly confused expression, Sam explains.
“He… He's implying that he found Steve and Bucky in Siberia by himself,” Sam frowns. “But he knows that Steve knows that I told him where they'd be.”
She doesn't react weirdly when he says 'butler' like most people do, but she does frown. “Honey, your dad has got two meetings after the one I was just in. He said so himself.”
Rumlow's laughing. Stone's laughing. Cross is laughing. Hammer is laughing. Around a third are laughing. There's a lot of cell phones out. There's a lot of unbelieving blinking.
“Every — Everyone hates you in there,” Wilson barely manages to get out of his giggles. “And you hate everyone in there.”
When Steve and Tony are out of the car, it's snowing again. Steve looks up at the falling snow and gives it a smile that Tony's never seen on him before.
“I hate broken records,” Tony says easily, but it's a thinly veiled threat to just get on with what Hammer's trying to say. Darren Cross snorts from where he's lounging on Ty's bed.
“I know you aren’t,” Steve says quickly. His eyes are still trained to the side. “So this is just because you want to gift us things?”
It's Wednesday now. It's been five days since Steve Rogers came out of the closet, and the juniors and seniors have been called to a late, beginning-of-the-year assembly.
“What the fuck d'you think you're doin' here?” Bucky growls from behind Sam. Tony's eyes widen even further.
Barnes rolls his eyes and tries to barrel through, but Steve puts a hand on his chest and smiles at Tony through barred teeth. “Tony, this is James Barnes, but everyone calls him Bucky. Buck, this is Tony Stark.”
Rumlow laughs, like Tony said a hilarious joke. “Ooh, did you get touched by Rogers? Want some dick, Cross?”
Tony grabs his stuff, tossing the money needed on the counter and exits the building, throwing the coffee away before he even takes a sip because he knows, compared to Steve's, it's gonna taste like shit.
When Jarvis leaves the room, Tony kicks his feet up. “So. Miss Potts. What's led you to my humble abode?”
“We’re done with him,” Tony says coolly. It's a lie. He doesn't think he'll ever be done with Steve Rogers.
Steve Rogers, in all of his five-foot glory, is standing behind the desk in the little office space. His eyes are wide as he stares back at Tony, one hand fingering the pages of Tolkien's
Mr. Stark pauses in his movements, and he has an uncharacteristic sheepish look on his face. “I — Okay? Okay. By the way, why is Barnes on a first name basis when I'm apparently going to be ‘Mr. Stark’ till the end of time?”
Peter gnaws his lip. “So, do I do it? As soon as we choose someone FlickLove's going to send them a notification about it.”
“Hi, Pep, please don't kill me, I'm gonna be there in like, three seconds, so,” Tony gnaws his lip, “yeah, don't kill me, please!”
The other two guys chuckle, and Caden snorts, but his eyes are on someone else. He nods toward Rogers and Wilson. “You think that's the guy?”
Tony, bringing up the subject simply to lessen his embarrassment and knowing fully well why Peter didn't do his Midterm presentation because him and May had tea just yesterday, let's his mind slightly wander off, because, well — now the
Three weeks ago, a jock had thrown a football in the 500 Hall. His buddy tried to catch it but it tipped off of his fingers, flinging to the ceiling and ripped the camera off of its position on the wall. The school hasn't replaced it yet.
Tony almost stops walking. He really doesn't want to deal with any kid, right now. They're exhausting. Being one is exhausting. The whole idea of hanging out with other kids is exhausting.
Steve waves at him, smiling in a way that makes Tony's stomach flutter, and it takes a lot for Tony to follow Jarvis out of the building.
He hurriedly dials Jarvis's number and explains the situation. Jarvis has the beginning notes of being upset when he first says that dad isn't leaving, but when Tony launches into whispering about the Rogers, Jarvis listens in, quiet. He sighs over the line.
One of the proctors smiles. “Steve Rogers? He's fairly new to Timely Comics, but his work has changed the — ”
Sarah ends up taking Tony back into the kitchen, where he listens to both Sarah Rogers and Paul Wilson complain about their co-workers while helping to make a variety of homemade pudding for tomorrow. Paul gently eases him into the conversation as well, his eyes portraying that soft look that Tony's seen in Sam Wilson's eyes when he would talk to pretty much anyone that weren't dicks like Tony. (Kindness must be a hereditary trait; makes sense for Tony's case.) Sarah invites him in much more brassly, asking him probingly about his grades over anything else. Paul seemed to send her a knowing look, and, despite confusedly, Tony answered her. She looked approving before asking him about that butler of his — not his parents, not his friends, not why he's here instead of at a party — but about a topic Tony's shown comfort in confiding about priorly.
A little while after, Tony excuses himself to call Jarvis and tell him about everything. Jarvis picks up the phone on the first ring.
“Sorry, sweetheart,” he groans, rolling underneath the dumpster as his five targets start steadily closing in on him. “We'll have to talk another time.”
Rumlow throws something in Hammer's direction, hitting Hammer's stomach. Hammer oofs. “Hammer, what does the fucking post say?”
“The noodle year?” Ty asked. “That was all you, man. Good, too, because Rogers was such a wimp back then.”
“You're not as bad as you always tried to appear to be,” she tells him blatantly. “I knew that. Steve definitely knew that.”
Cross snorts. “Fuck, when he stepped out of the gym in all that mac & cheese in front of everyone was the best moment in Marvel High history!”
“It’s so fucking annoying,” Rumlow scoffs, declining the call. “We told him what he needs to do. He just has to go fucking do it.”
Tony’s throat aches. He wants to turn; leave. Never hear what Steve thinks he has to tell his schoolyard tormentor before he walks out on his life.
Rogers's eyebrows raise just a bit at Carter, but glancing at Cross makes him reevaluate. He smirks, just this side of downright dirty.
Peter can't help but nod in agreement. Miss Gonzalez sounds like one of a kind, but there's still one last envelope, and apparently that's who Mr. Stark is even more compatible with, so...
But seriously, tiny Grinch comes on the screen, and he's awkwardly hiding behind a book with a bag on his head, and the first thing Thor Odinson thinks to say is, “If only I could do that in class.”
wake up in his own bed has been overwhelming lately. His hangover was mediocre and manageable, and he didn't even puke; it was a good morning. And when he trudged downstairs to get breakfast from Jarvis, he actually ate it all.
to,” he continues, standing up again. He beckons them over, and they stride to him. “You’ll have to give me your guys’ best arguments.”
Blinking, Tony brings himself back to the moment. The woman smiles, and motions to the back. Holding his breath, Tony looks over.
,” Steve continues — still in that terrible tone that Tony isn't sure is his actual singing voice or not — sitting up straighter.
“It will be,” Steve says, tone still shy but enthusiastic, as well. Tony can't help but smile wider. Steve returns it, a goofy spread of his lips. Tony's cheeks start hurting.
Steve's eyes soften dramatically and his cheeks bloom pink. The corners of Tony's lips twitch at the familiar behavior.
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis replies calmly. Tony slumps, sipping and scrolling through his phone. It has a thin crack in the top right corner.
Sarah leans over to him and brushes a strand of hair back from his face. She smiles gently at him, his cheek in the palm of her hand. “Of course, Tony.”
Stark edges away from Steve, obviously uncomfortable with Steve near him. He makes a small frustrated noise. “I can't believe all of you. This is beyond inappropriate.”
Unless… it isn't. That would make sense, right, that after Steve saw it was Tony, the whole 'date’ pretense would just… go away. It seems like something Steve Rogers would think of.
sitting next to the 'magician' freak since Strange is just kinda… well, strange. He's also kinda freaky smart, so Strange is another who's wasted in Timely. Nonetheless, Tony is preoccupied because right behind him is Natasha Romanoff.
When Steve leaves the kitchen, (most likely to make sure all of their tiny amount of things are packed again) Natasha and Bucky turn their heads to glare at Sam.
Tony blinks, wrapping his hands around the cold cup of coffee. “Okay? Uh — Yeah, I'm all ears, go ahead.”
Shrugging it off, Tony tentatively chooses to sit down on the loveseat next to Banner, who smiles at him. Tony beams back. He could kiss Bruce Banner right now.
“Yes. If I have to listen to you whine and cry for another hour I’ll actually be liable to give you something to cry about.”
Steve ends the call and goes to stand-up. His coffee had started to cool off so he heads to the kitchen to refill it. He barely replaces the carafe in the coffee machine when he phone starts to vibrate.
Tony smiles as he watches his family, they weren’t perfect, but he thought they had a chance at being okay. With any luck, Beverly wouldn’t remember the experiments. The wrongs Peter endured in foster care would fade away. His husband would stop brooding even though he looked quite handsome when he was.
“I want to see the cliff,” Peter starts insisting. Tony had built this home on an impossible to build on cliff. It made for a beautiful view but it left them worried about its dangers. JARVIS kept all the doors locked so the children could never sneak out. Steve had nightmares about them falling over the cliff, their little bodies breaking over the rocks before being washed out to sea. A guardrail had been installed to help alleviate his fears. It was a thick glass that didn’t obstruct the view but prevented the children from climbing it or going over. Even still, they knew they weren’t allowed over by it without an adult.
Both men burst out laughing and Tony denies that he’s ever said anything like that in front of Peter. Steve shakes his head as he tears open an alcohol swab packet and cleans off the tip of the thermometer before handing it to his son.  Tony gives Steve a look before he opens his mouth. Peter a little excited jams it in. “Ow! Fuck! Peter!” Tony sits up and moved his jaw around.
“I don’t know. I don’t want to go out there again. It was dark and scary. Tell Papa I don’t want to go.”
Steve wakes up and goes about his day. Quietly, he gets dressed so as not to wake Tony. Peeking into his son’s room, he sees a lump under the covers. He shakes his head and sighs, thinking about how weird Peter sleeps sometimes. He decides to go for a run on the road. Returning home, Steve is feeling surprised Peter isn’t awake and watching cartoons. He makes a mental note to check on him before going to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water from the fridge. The house is warming up with the summer temperatures soaring outside. He heads to the bathroom to take a cold shower.
Peter mulls the question in his mind, taking a second to realize that Tony means Pepper and Morgan. He was tired, his side ached and he knew a bruise was already forming. It would be gone in a couple days time.  He wondered about Pepper’s reaction to seeing Tony and how everything was so quiet. Pepper was protective of Morgan, some would say over protective. He didn’t think she would just let Tony see his daughter right away. Not until she had figured out how he was back.
Tony hurriedly carries Beverly out of the room and into another room. He kisses her forehead before setting her on the couch and having JARVIS turn on cartoons. He wipes her hair out of her eyes. “Hey, are you okay?” He asks softly.
“In all seriousness I’m not going to but you need a nap,” Tony says as he leans down to kiss his forehead. “Your arm really ok?”
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
Tony pats the cushion next to him. “Take a break from studying and watch this new show with your parents. You’re not too cool for us now?”
Steve kisses her forehead and smiles over at his husband. Tony feels worried because he knows that look. Steve has already made up his mind about adopting her. He’d have to accept it. They could manage two kids. Probably. Steve would never forgive him if he said no.
Steve already knows what’s in the square blue box, a thick silvery ribbon tied around in a bow. He carefully unties it and opens the box. He slips off his watch from his left wrist and discards it on the side table. He pulls out the new one from the box. It wasn’t any old watch, it was loaded with the latest tech developed that year. This one was special though because it was made by Tony’s own hands.
Tony glances at the clock before heading upstairs and out of his workshop. Beverly had been napping for a while and he wanted to make sure she was still alright. He never did well when his children were sick. His mind kept slipping back to thoughts of Peter in the hospital hooked up to machines. He didn’t want to go through that ever again. It was out of his control and since that was rarely the case with things, it scared him.
Steve is waiting at their usual brunch spot getting angry that Tony isn’t there yet. They met here every Sunday for years to discuss their children. They weren’t married anymore but they still needed to parent their children together. Ten minutes late now and Steve hates when people aren’t on time. It was so inconsiderate, as if the other person’s time didn’t matter. Steve pulls out his phone and sees a message from Tony.
Steve had a whole list of things to prep the night before and Tony had done none of them. Instead he had thought Peter was old enough to watch Beverly for an hour while he tried to get work done in this workshop. Usually Peter could be left alone like this. He only required snacks, a blanket and a movie to be put on the television. Naively he had set up both kids like this and told them to stay put until he got back.
The girl was smart, she knew way more of what was going on than Tony expected. She either thought her parents faked their death or no-one had told her. He didn’t want to be the one to deliver that news. He remembered the day, no the very second he was sat down and someone delivered the news about his parents fatal car accident. There was no way he could be the one to give her that news. A new problem was surfacing though. She knew Steve was her father. If they didn’t adopt her it would feel like losing another parent. This tiny little interaction was enough to make up his mind. Beverly was a child just like he was when he lost his parents. She, just like he did, needed the right people to look out for her and protect her.
Steve places him back on the floor and opens the bathroom door. Peter is still crying as they walk back into the kitchen. Steve looks over at Tony and sighs. “Alright. That’s enough crying, Peter. Come here,” Steve says.
Tony’s loud ringtone breaks their concentration. He glances at the screen and excuses himself. “It’s Pepper,” he whispers to Steve before answering it and heading to his office.
“He listens better when you ask nicely,” Tony says as he leans against the doorframe. “And don’t scold him for something that’s obviously an accident. Kids have small bladders.”
Peter doesn’t listen and heads straight for his parents room. He doesn’t turn on the light because he knows Tony will start yelling. Instead he straddles his chest and studies his sleeping face. He reaches out to touch his face but his arm is grabbed roughly before his hand makes contact. Tony loosens his hold and his eyes shoot open. “Pete you have a bad dream?” Tony asks as he pulls the covers back. “Get under the covers. We’ll go back to sleep.”
“Oh god and there’s something else,” Steve starts to say. “Peter did this weird thing at dinner. He was just staring at nothing. He wouldn’t respond to either of us just staring at the wall. Then he just snapped out of it.”
“Another time,” Tony says with feigned disappointment as he goes to answers the door and the older gentlemen from across the street is standing there in a heavy-duty rain jacket. He has candles and flashlights. “The power will be out for a bit. Thought we’d bring some supplies over.”
He holds the door open as she kicks snow off her boots before stepping inside. Beverly had set out after lunch, heading from Baltimore up to Cambridge to meet Peter. She was finishing up her second to last semester before graduating. Peter was working on his PhD and student teaching at MIT.
The next morning, Peter is excitedly getting dressed and thinking about the day they’ll spend in town. He’ll get to play in the park and get candy or ice cream. Maybe he would get both things and a new toy. They would be going into a lot of shops.
“We’ll meet you on the jet,” Natasha calls out as Clint grabs Steve’s bag and they head back outside.
Peter grabs her suitcase from her and leads her up the stairs and down the hall. A small room on the left with a bed neatly made. There’s a pile of college textbooks stacked up by the wall. Beverly browses over the titles, Chemistry, Biology, and Math. Peter sets down her suitcase and leans against the doorframe.
It’s slightly chilly when Steve leaves his room and heads to the kitchen to start the coffee maker. It’s one of those rare morning where Tony is awake and getting ready for the day before him. Tony is already dressed, grabbing keys off the hook and slipping on shoes. “Need anything from the store, hun?”
“He was awake when I went in the room Steve,” Tony says before he starts walking back to their room. “Do you have to question everything I do as a parent?”
Tony is pulled from his thoughts as Beverly dumps her seashells onto the glass patio table. His first instinct is to yell at her and then check the table for scratches. Her smile would turn into a straight line and her little face would scrunch up before the tears and cries come. He might even spank her. It was something Howard would have done and Tony wondered how deeply it had affected him. After they had adopted Peter, Steve had gone to the library and come home with a stack of parenting books. Tony as per usual gave him a hard time about it and said all the books were ridiculous, however, he did read them in secret. In his workshop, as he waiting for code to compile or tests to run, he would read through them and take down notes. Steve would give him a knowing smile whenever Tony would absentmindedly reference something from one of the books.
They chat for a bit and get all caught up on everyone’s holiday plans. They invite May to the Avengers compound for Christmas. It will be their first one with Steve and Tony together since the divorce and most of the Avengers are planning on joining. They’re excited when May agrees to join them.
“No really. I hate that phrase. And now I’m thinking about Mr. Delmar’s cat. Murph. Someone could make a scarf out of that.”
“The woods but then he was really mad this morning. He yelled at me for going outside. Why wouldn’t he remember?”
“You’re mistaken,” Tony says hurriedly as he stands up heading to the kitchen. He pulls open the fridge. “There’s leftover spaghetti Steve made last night. You should eat lunch. And you could stand to take a shower. When was the last time you had one?”
“No,” Peter begs as he starts to squirm. His body tenses as Steve smacks his bottom a couple times. Tears flood his eyes and Steve is letting him up so he rolls onto his back and starts to rub his stinging behind. Peter did not like having a sibling at all. This was the second time Steve had spanked him and it was all this girl’s fault.
Tony’s phone vibrates and he immediately checks the message. It’s Morgan telling him she’s going to bed for real this time and that she loves him. And he shouldn’t stay up late himself.
“You knew it was going to happen. ‘Even Dead I’m The Hero’ and that fucking hologram at your funeral. Morgan was traumatized. Hell, I was too. Fuck you,” Peter spits out, hating the anger in his voice as the words flood out. His heart was beating so hard in his chest and his mind felt cloudy. Tony had left him just as Uncle Ben had and maybe somehow deep down it was his fault.
Steve sends Peter inside and walks back to the house. Questioning if he did the right thing or if he should dragged Peter home kicking and screaming. It’s what Tony would have done and he probably would have yelled at the elderly couple for not calling him to confirm if Peter was allowed to stay for dinner. It didn’t seem worth the tears to Steve.
“Petey we can’t,” Steve says as he grabs his ankles trying to still him. Tony goes for his hands to stop him from jerking around.
Tony curses and wishes he had thought to bring something, anything along with him that he could wrap Peter in. The rain has finally stopped but they were all soaked. Peter was in too delicate of a state for Tony to fly him out of there. So he does what he can do, pull his son into his arms and hold him close. Hope that his body heat will help raise his temperature.
“Yeah. And he’s really mad at me. But you have to believe me I didn’t do it! I know. The paints all over my pajamas but I don’t remember doing anything!”
Steve watches his daughter as his mind wanders back to the lab reports. One in particular and standing out. They put her in a snowy field without shoes or clothes. She had screamed and begged to be brought back inside. She was so cold that it hurt, the snow burning her sensitive feet. They brought her in and treated the burns. Observed how her body reacted to the whole ordeal. The scientist wrote about it callously in his notes. Another one where they left her in the hot sun, refusing to give her water. Again no clothing and they didn’t put any sunblock on her either. She was fair skin just like him and her poor skin had burned and blistered. She became dehydrated and blacked out before they brought her inside.
A smile spreads across Tony’s face hearing her not use his name and he knows there’s no way he can’t tell her no.
“Pining after an 80 year old woman. You know Clint told me he thought you were fucking her behind my back.”
“No, Steve, I’m not,” Tony says as he moves closer to the other man to cuddle with him. “My babies aren’t babies anymore.”
With shaky hands she slides up the hem of her fall yellow sweater to reveal the dark purple bruises scattered over her abdomen.
It was good to have that space from Tony, it made their relationship stronger. However, being away from his son was challenging for him. Today wasn’t the first time Peter responded with tears. He’s become so upset before that he refused to hug Steve or even look at him. He’d ball his little fists up and glue himself to Tony’s side. Worming away if Steve tried to touch him. Tony would look at him with a sad understanding but they never forced Peter. Tony would try to talk with him and tell him he would regret not saying goodbye properly but Peter was always too stubborn.
Tony kisses Peter’s cheek pulling him from his thoughts. Something wasn’t right. His Spidey-sense wasn’t going off but it hadn’t always worked. He pulls out of Tony’s grasp easily and struggles to find the glasses Tony had left him. He puts them on and hurriedly asks Edith if this is real. If Tony is really there in front of him. She confirms it and he feels his legs becoming weaker.
Steve goes about twenty feet back and sits on some wooden steps leading up to a house just beyond. He could keep an eye on the two but still be out of earshot.
In a few minutes, Steve is there with Natasha. They can hear the Quinjet getting closer. Steve falls to his knees over by Sam and Tony. Peter is in Tony’s arms, he’s coughing and having trouble breathing. Steve puts his arm around Tony and leans in to kiss Peter’s wet forehead.
The woman tilts her head waiting for an answer. The creature lets Peter go and shoves him towards its adversary. She holds out her hand expectantly. “Here little one. I won’t hurt you. I’m a woodland goddess and I protect those who roam here.”
“It’s just a broken shelf. Don’t worry about it,” Tony lies to him as he slowly rocks the child in his arms. There was no reason to tell Peter otherwise. He knew there was a logical explanation and it would become apparent with time. Probably by morning when they aren’t all half asleep. There’s a another crash and Peter buries his face against his father’s neck. Tony can hear May and Ben arguing over something. What were those two doing out there?
Peter hurls his paperback book at Tony hitting him right in the face. It falls to the ground with a thud.
“It’s a little girl, Tony. She’s six or five. Maybe it’s five. She looks just like my mom. Only she has brown eyes. She’s tiny like Peter is. Her parents are dead. Suspected murder by Hydra. I can’t leave her. I want—I want us to raise her. I want to adopt her.”
He backs away from Steve and squats down on the side of the road, covering his ears with his hands and squeezing his eyes shut. “That’s not Steve. That’s not your Papa,” he starts to repeat to himself. He was scared out of his mind and his body was telling him to run. He couldn’t outrun his Papa there was no way. He hears Steve’s heavy footfall until his body cast a shadow over him. Peter swallows but refuses to look up at him. He screams as Steve grabs his arm and pulls him up, his free hand instinctively covering his behind thinking Steve is going to hit him. The blow never comes as Steve lets go of his arm and pats his shoulder instead.
“Dad!” he screams and keeps screaming it. The ghost doesn’t react how he expects, she drops everything in her hands and looks at him horrified. She too starts crying and calling for her Dad. Steve rushes into the room and looks between his two children, not knowing who to go to first. He feels guilty about it but he goes to Peter. That’s his son and he’s been living with them for years now. He would hold Beverly once he got Peter calmed down.
Tony holds Peter’s wrist still so the doctor can prick his finger. He lets out a little cry and turns his head to the side as she collects his blood. By the time he turns back she is wrapping his finger in an adhesive bandage.
“I put a stop to it,” May says handing a bag of candy from the bulk store downtown to Steve. Peter comes running into the house.
Steve lifts him up into his arms and places him on his hip. With his free hand he starts to tickle him. “Can’t cry when you’re laughing, can you?”
Peter curls up on the couch as Tony washes the dishes from breakfast. Steve is in the laundry room switching the loads. Tony finishes the dishes and joins Peter on the couch. He helps him to sit up and starts to look him over. Peter fusses and tries to push  himself further into the couch cushion as if he could disappear. For over twenty-four hours someone had been poking and prodding at him. In the hospital the nurses were in his room every hour to check his vitals. Since he returned home he hadn’t had a moment alone. One of his parents was always right by him. His eyes are pulled shut tightly so he doesn’t notice Tony unscrewing the top to the a bottle of medicine. Tony uses the eye dropper to measure out the correct dose. They had been instructed to do the first dose after breakfast.
They split up, Tony going back to New York to retrieve Peter and pack their things. Steve going directly to the house in Malibu with Beverly.
That guilty smile crosses Peter’s face and he admits that he hasn’t. Steve pulls Peter close to him wrapping his arm around him. “We’re going to have a talk later,” he says softly before raising his voice to a normal speaking level. “Jerry and Marie, meet my son Peter.”
Tony unwraps it and hands it to Peter who immediately shoves it into his mouth. Tony smiles widely thinking about how he looks like a toddler sucking on a pacifier. Steve seems to be having the same thought because he mirrors Tony’s look. It was the small moments like this that he was thankful for this little family he had built with Tony. He wanted to do everything in his power to protect them.
They make it quite far down the beach when Beverly throws her jacket down and sits heavily in the sand.
It’s Wednesday evening and Tony is seriously starting to consider Pepper’s offer to join her at her mother’s for the holiday. Instead of being in the workshop and upgrading his armour, he had various cookbooks open to pages his husband had carefully marked. For everything he was good at, the skill of cooking just eluded him. He had the turkey thawing in the sink and hadn’t realize that would prevent him from using it. Maybe he should put it in the tub but that would only end up scaring the children. He considered if he had taken it out of the fridge too early. Steve had removed it from the freezer at the beginning of the week.
Steve drops the remote on the table and turns towards his husband. He can’t help the smile that spreads across his face as he watches Tony cuddling with his daughter. He sits on the couch and leans in to kiss Tony on the lips.  “Thank you,” he whispers against Tony’s lips.
“They all have the stomach flu. Bev’s too little to make it to the bathroom. Throwing up all over the place. Tony’s exhausted.”
“Dammit Peter,” Steve says harsher than he’s intending as he stands up and heads to the kitchen to grab paper towel.
Peter wakes as he feels someone nudging his shoulder. His eyes pop open and the room slowly comes into focus. He lets out a whine as he stretches his body out. Steve is leaning over him, hand still resting on his shoulder. “Time to get up baby bear.”
Beverly smirks at him because he always found a local independant sandwich place wherever he went. Peter had ordered a reuben for himself and a veggie Banh Mi for her. She remembered back in middle school when they would order reubens for dinner. There was a little shop with tons of reuben varieties. It was back before she became a vegetarian. She recalled them being tasty but she couldn’t handle the meat anymore. He had also bought a large amount of cheese fries that were absolutely delicious.
Peter roars with laughter and tries to pull out of Steve’s hold. “You can’t get away, can you?” Steve teases as he tilts Peter so he’s up-side down as he continues to tickle him. He pulls Peter upright and to his chest. Peter’s breathing is irregular as he fights between crying and laughing. He rests his head in the crook of Steve’s neck, tears leaking out of his eyes and against Steve’s skin.
Beverly sits on the olive green couch listening to the hush voices from within the study. The words she did make out sounded angry and she knew the argument was about her. The instruction her mother gave her were clear. Captain America was her real father and he would come get her. She wouldn’t be able to see her parents anymore but he would raise her and be kind to her.
“Breathe with me,” He says before slowing down his breath. Talking her through the breathing exercise.
Tony smiles over at him before returning his eyes to the road. “He wouldn’t tell me what happened when he was outside. In one version he told me he didn’t go outside but he told you that because he was afraid.”
Had he called one of his fathers he would have found them together in the compound. Away from the common areas, in Tony’s personal living area. Watching a movie and sharing a bowl of popcorn between them. Sitting on opposite sides on the couch with their own blankets. After the popcorn was finished and the empty dish moved to the coffee table. Steve moving to the closer cushion and leaning his head on Tony’s shoulder, sliding his hand into his.
He walks into the sunroom as he waits on the coffee pot to finish brewing. Watching the sun rise over the trees. His eyes fall on the canvas again. Paintbrushes are out, black paint smeared on his board and brushed all over his painting. Completely blacking it out. Ruined. Unfixable. He grabs it tearing the canvas in half and stomping into the kitchen. Tearing open the pantry cabinet and grabbing a garbage bag. He shoves it in there and makes his way down the hall. “Peter Benjamin Stark,” he yells as he opens his son’s door. Startling the kid who is lying in bed reading a book. Not ready to head out into the main living area yet. Not quite awake just yet. He quickly sits up and looks at his father worried. Wondering what he’s done wrong. “Why do you keep doing this? Are you bored? Do you want attention?”
“You don’t know? How did you get mud on your feet? Get off the couch now! You’ve gotten dirt all over it!”
Pepper’s food order arrives. Tomato soup and grilled cheese. The kids eat it up greedily. Peter’s stomach isn’t well. He goes upstairs complaining his stomach is hurting. He goes into his parents bathroom because he’s really starting to feel sick and he wants his Dad to hold him. Tony wakes up to the sound of crying and finds Peter kneeling in front of the toilet. Peter is throwing up and tears are streaming down his face. Tony cleans him up, wiping his mouth and flushing the toilet. He gives him a glass of water, but Peter is unable to hold it down.. Tony sits on the bathroom floor with him holding him in his lap, rocking him softly and wiping sweat from his brow.
Peter shakes his head. “But we decorated the Christmas tree and had hot chocolate and cookies from the store.”
“Beverly Rose,”  he reads aloud. He reads over the birthdate. “This was a little after Tony and I got together. Is she mine as in the woman I was dating before? I mean is she Julia’s kid? Julia was pregnant when we broke up?”
Steve catches movement out of the corner of his eye as he’s pouring coffee into his mug. “Peter, you up?”
Tony shakes his head and settles himself against Steve. He closes his eyes and feels Steve’s hand rest on his shoulder. He had forgotten how much he needed this comfort. The last few days with Grumpy Nick Fury as the only person to look at had been hellish. His memories still weren’t all that clear but he had missed Steve a great deal.
He ventures out of his room and down the steps. He watches Tony walk around the dining room. His hand shaking. His face distraught. Tony goes to the bar cart and shakily makes a drink. The ice clinks in the glass and he pulls the lid off the gin and fills his glass.
The doctor okays to remove him from everything. His results are looking good. They want to keep him for another six hour for observation. They can order him food.
“I can assure you it’s very real and no-one is trying to hurt you. Your Papa just wanted to make sure you’re okay.”
“Tony, I know you want to get up to speed on things but it might be good to take a break. Not overwhelm yourself.”
Tony adjusts her on his lap, pulling her thumb out of her mouth. Her big brown eyes look up at him before she sighs and pushes the present away. Tony slides the gift on to the couch before standing up with her.
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
Steve sits heavily on the couch and sets his steaming cup of coffee on the table. He reaches for the remote and turns on the local news, leaning back into the cushion. He pinches the bridge of his nose and tries to calm himself down. This was not how he wanted to start his morning. Peter’s cries can be heard over the tv. It’s otherwise quiet with May and Ben having gone to town for breakfast. He looks up as he hears the front door open and sees Tony shuffle inside. Over to the coffee table to drop a newspaper in front of him. “Got you your low-tech news old man,” he teases as he leans in and kisses Steve. He continues into the kitchen and places a brown paper bag on counter. “Is that Peter crying? Did he have another nightmare,” Tony asks but then considers that it’s weird Steve isn’t comforting him and instead letting him cry it out. “He messed with your canvas again didn’t he?”
Tony shuts the curtain and tells him to go ahead. Peter finishes undressing and gets into the shower. Tony moves to the side so Peter can get under the spray. He quickly pulls him out from under it remembering the cut on his head. “I don’t think you’re supposed to get it wet,” Tony says trying to gently pull off the soaked bandage. Peter cries out in pain and Tony apologizes doing his best to remove the tape without pulling hair. He throws the bandage outside the shower. It hits the tile with a plop. Peter goes to the corner of the tub to grab the soap and washcloth to rinse off the dirt. Tony resumes his shower.
They begin their walk into the woods and Peter gives up on fighting it. He hurt all over and his nose was starting to bleed. They descended into the pitch darkness of the forest going deeper and deeper into it. It felt as though they had walked for miles, his feet were beginning to feel sore. The lack of sleep was getting to him and he wanted to rest. Just for a moment to sit in the soft underbrush of the forest floor. He didn’t dare because he feared another beating from the creature.
“It’s always I’m sorry with you,” Tony says doing his best to ignore him as he goes back and forth from the kitchen to the table. He didn’t really know what he was doing down here. He wanted to be back home with Peter. It was always hard when they had to leave for a mission or had to be out of state for SI business. It honestly wasn’t where he envisioned his life would be ten years ago. Marriage wasn’t something for him, he enjoyed the freedom of being single. Somehow the stubborn soldier with a godlike body had changed his life.
"Pack your things, you'll be leaving in eight hours," the General finally said with a strange voice and without looking at him. "You'll receive your final instructions via your comm. Dismissed."
Tony saw his right shoulder twitch, followed immediately by a weak hit on Tony's cover. Tony barely had to move to parry the blow with his forearm and the second he did that he knew it had been a diversion.
Most of the projectiles, even if they were able to penetrate his Starforce special suit and his Kree skin, probably wouldn't kill Tony, but he didn't want to take the chance. Besides, even one drop of blue blood from him would blow his cover before he had even started his mission. He watched the attackers, trying to spot a pattern or a gap he could exploit for himself, and that was when he saw it.
“You don’t need it, you want it. There’s a difference,” Steve explains as he picks Beverly up and carries her to the couch. He sets her down and she clings to him wanting him to stay near. She whines as he tries to pull back so instead he sits on the couch and pulls her into his lap. Holding her close until she calms down. Peter walks into the room and stands in front of them feeling jealous that she’s getting attention while he’s not.
Peter stands up quickly and looks up at Steve relieved. He glances back and sees that the woman and little boy are no longer there. The clothes were returned to the dresser as promised. It had to all be a dream. There was never any ghosts and his room was back to normal. Steve looks down displeased as he notices the wet spot on Peter’s shorts and the small puddle of pee on the rug.
Peter sits on Steve’s lap at the table as his parents encourage him to eat. They dress him in warm soft pajamas. “Is there a bathroom? I have to go.”
Beverly lifts up her dress showing off her white tights and patterned underwear underneath. “No I’m not!”
He’s trying to get to Peter and pull him out of the water. It feels like he’s moving through molasses. He speaks to the comm in his ear, his breath ragged between each word,  “Cap. He’s here. I’ve found him. We need med-evac.”
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
“See? That wasn’t so bad,” Tony says as he runs his hand through her hair trying to get it slightly more presentable.
Tony knew he had to do more than just wipe his tears. Peter was the one to initiate affection. Same with Steve and really anyone in his life. Tony never turned Peter down or chastised him for crying. So unlike Howard but still he wondered if he was even capable of being a good father to Peter. Doing different than his father would have done was a start. It felt awkward but it was just him and his son in the room and his son needed him right now.
He closes his eyes tightly and takes a deep breath. He knew Steve didn’t really think he was a bastard. He knew he didn’t mean the insults he hurled at Tony. It was that hot Irish temper of his. Tony knew how to push all his buttons and seemed to do it without being completely aware. Peter was usually aware of when he was going to lose his temper and he’d try to defuse the situation before he got yelled at or hit. He hears Tony trying to defend himself again. Telling Steve to leave the past in the past.
“Okay,” Beverly says like she’s satisfied with his answers. “I’m going to see if Peter wants to play.”
He shoves the dropper in before she can close her mouth. She makes a face as she swallows it and then she’s accepting the next dropper of medicine.
Peter cranes his head trying to get a better view but the sheet is still obscuring them. He startles as he sees two children dragging a box towards him. A little girl has joined the boy. She’s wearing pajamas and her eyes appear to be sunken in. She pulls a doll out of the box and squeals with delight. “We haven’t been able to touch things for ages. I’ve missed this.”
Tony is remembering back to her spilling a full cup of milk at the dinner table all over herself and Peter.
It’s late by the time Tony comes home. The children have been in bed for a few hours. It’s dark and quiet in the house. The smell of gingerbread cookies is still lingering. It felt like Steve spent hours cleaning up the kitchen. He has soft music playing and the big window open. He’s sketching and staring outside.
“So. You’re saying if Peter came to you and said I hurt him you would just brush it off? Because that sounds like some Howard-level parenting.”
Peter has never felt so much pain in his life. He’s struggling to catch his breath and not choke on his tears. Each kick hurt more than the last. One of them hits his bladder and this time he does let it go. It soaks into his pants and he immediately feels cold. The assault stops and he’s pulled to his feet roughly.
Peter throws himself on the ground and starts to cry. Steve grabs his arm and starts to pull him to the bathroom. Intent on cleaning the chocolate from his face. Steve practically has to drag him. He shuts the bathroom door once they are inside. Steve grabs a washcloth from under the sink and starts to wet it with warm water. “Sit down,” he says intending to have Peter sit on the toilet so he can reach his face easier. Peter sits in the middle of the rug instead. “You know that’s not what I meant.” Steve grabs him under the armpits and places him on the vanity top. He wipes off his face.
“I don’t know what happened to the time. There’s a lot I can’t remember. How I died. Anything. I woke up and…I just want my old life back.”
He does his best to rally when everyone gets home. Peter is excited to see him and starts showing him some toy Steve had bought him. He tells his dad about the drawbridge and  about a boy he played with at the park after Tony left. How they went to a small museum after getting ice cream and an old building they took a picture in front of. How he rolled down the grassy hill with the other children. He’s going on and on and Tony tries so hard through the pain to listen. He wanted to know about Peter’s day but he was struggling to keep up. Giving up on listening he pulls his child in close and covers his face in kisses, earning squeals and giggles from him. “Daddy loves hearing about your day. I love you, you know?” Tony was trying. Trying to not be like his father Howard. Trying to let Peter know everyday how much he loved him.
After a quick shower, he sits on the couch and opens a beer. He flips through the television channels until he finds some reality show with episodes all day. He lies down and gets comfortable. Time passes and he drinks more. He’s not paying attention to the time. He stirs awake as Friday announces that Happy is downstairs and on his way up with the children. He quickly deposits the bottles in the recycling and lies back down on the couch.
Tony kisses the top of his head inhaling the strawberry scent of his hair and wondering if Howard had ever felt this way towards him. He had plenty of memories of cuddling with his mother like this but he couldn’t think of a single instance with his father. It was something he couldn’t wrap his head around because this very moment with Peter made everything else melt away.
“What?” Tony asks as he stops tickling his daughter and she stretches her legs out as she tries to catch her breath after all the laughing.
Steve rubs his face and sighs. “I can turn them into trees maybe. It’s black paint, that’s hard to blend into something else.”
“The one and only,” Tony says dryly not wanting the conversation to turn to Stark Industries or IronMan. He almost considers asking the guy if he wanted an autograph or a picture, as if he’s trudged through the rain for something like that. People always wanted something from him. It was hard for him to accept that it was a just a concerned neighbor. Someone who had befriended his husband and son, and who was genuinely concerned for his family. He’d believe it if nothing showed up in the headlines about his vacation spot tomorrow.
“Ok,” Beverly whispers back before she plops her thumb into her mouth. Tony brushes her hair behind her ear.
“I could never forget,” Tony answers. “He opened things so delicately and slowly. He didn’t want to rip the pretty paper.”
He waits a moment for his body to get back to normal so he doesn’t go into his kid’s room with a tent in his boxers. He sighs and gets off the bed to go check on him.
Steve is looking at Tony betrayed and hurt. Almost as if he’s seconds away from crying. Before Tony can speak, before he can apologize Steve is locking himself into the bathroom. No words are exchanged but Tony knows exactly what he’s done wrong.
“I think there are things we shouldn’t rehash. We had our reasons for the marriage not working. I can talk to Pepper if you want. She shouldn’t be keeping you from your kid.”
Tears are rolling down Peter’s face mixing with the blood in the white towel. He whines and tries to push Tony’s hand away.
The stress is getting to Tony and he’s looking like he’s going to cry. Steve stands up and pulls Tony into a hug. Holding him tight against his chest. “It will be alright.”
“I doubt that’s their checklist,” Steve says as he observes Peter’s hands moving under the blanket. He thinks he’s calmed down after the outburst. Steve goes for the straps on the mask about to loosen them when Tony starts yelling at him.
Peter looks up at Tony and considers what he says before he starts listening to the doctor. He makes it through the breath sounds and her looking into his ears and nose. He says ‘ahh’ when she puts the tongue depressor in his mouth.
Steve doesn’t know how to respond so he calls his son over instead. Peter comes running up to him, the dog right on his tail. “Oh Pete. You’re all covered in dirt,” Steve says as he tries wiping dirt from his son’s face with his hands. Peter pulls back and cries for Steve to stop. Steve changes his attention to the dog, scratching behind his ears. “Have you met the neighbors?”
Peter looks at Phil shyly before offering his hand and leading him into the living-room where they sit on the rug.
Steve won’t let go so Peter starts to scream but no sound comes out. He looks up at Steve horrified and confused about why he can’t make a sound. Steve pulls him forward and through the door propelling him forward before letting him go and crash into the wooden deck. The pain spreading through his nose and face is worse than anything he felt before. He curls up into himself and cries his silent tears. The sound still muted no matter how much he calls for Tony.
Steve opens his eyes and looks over at Tony’s sleeping form knowing it will be a couple more hours until he woke up. His husband was by no means a morning person. It actually worked out well for him. He could wake up and have his coffee, taking his morning to himself until their son woke up.  That was if Tony wasn’t still up from the night before. It was easy for him to get lost in work, locked up in lab and not realize the time. Peter hadn’t come to their bed last night so Steve was relieved he didn’t have another nightmare. He was probably just nervous about being in a new place. Steve gets out of bed and heads into the kitchen. He grabs a cup of coffee and heads out to the back patio. He finds Ben and May already sitting out there drinking coffee. He joins them sitting on the overstuffed red cushion of the chaise lounge.
Tony had expected many things. But not this. His chin dropped and he stared at Steve with his mouth open. He had to make a rather stupid expression, because Steve added, "Only if that's okay for you, of course."
"Taking you back home of course." Steve looked tense and everything about him was in Captain America mission mode. But he was still holding Tony's arm and in his voice, Tony heard the same light relief he felt in himself. Still, "Why?"
The heavy door flung open with a crash and warm golden light flooded the room behind Tony. He heard footsteps approaching and saw long shadowy figures appear on the floor around him. They had to be at least four people, rapidly approaching without running. Probably guards who would take him in custody to dump him in one of the cells where he would await disciplinary proceedings. The General must have called for backup via his comm unnoticed by Tony. But when he looked up at him, it was the pure confusion that showed on the other man's face.
"No... I guess," Steve said, finally completing the process of moving the water bottle to his mouth. His answer, however, did not reassure Tony in the slightest.
"Commander Ann-Tho," one of them said when he recognised Tony and they all stopped to salute him as the higher rank.
"That's not what I meant, actually," Cap said, looking down at Tony's hands. Tony looked down as well.
There was a sudden cracking sound and a small flash between Tony's hands as the transistor fried. Tony withdrew his hand in reflex and the circuit board fell onto the bed in front of his crossed legs. A small stream of smoke rose from it and an acrid smell was in the air. Cursing, Tony threw his screwdriver across the room. It landed with a clatter in the pile of circuit boards next to his desk and scattered the small boards in all directions.
Tony winced as something hit him on the temple. The small cardboard box which had held pizza rolls earlier had come flying out of nowhere from the right.
"What is happening there?" he asked. The camera they were watching changed and now they could see the events up close. The CCTV captured the image of a shattered window behind which a handful of people were running down the street, protecting their heads with their arms. They dashed into the abandoned and destroyed pub as large chunks of debris rained down on the pavement outside.
Only when his body came to rest did Tony realise that Steve's arm was still resting on his stomach, right where he had grabbed him to throw him to the floor. A warmth that had nothing to do with the fact that they were both still sweaty lingered between them and Tony tried hard to ignore it.
The General shrugged as best he could in his position. "You'll come crawling back on your knees, just you wait. C-53 is too ordinary for you."
"No, you won't," the General said, and Tony didn't know what exactly it was that he suddenly believed to see in his face. Surprise he would have understood, disappointment too, but it was neither. The raw anger that was about to burst to the surface seemed over the top to Tony. His decision might be unusual, but he had done his research and he knew he would be far from the first Kree to leave Hala.
"What are you doing here?" Tony asked as Steve pulled him up to his feet by the arm. Only distantly was Tony aware of others dealing with the General.
Tony lifted his head up from the mat and was surprised to find that Steve was right. Through the window to the outside, he saw a sky slowly fading from the dark black of night to the rich blue of dawn. Once again, they had been up all night kicking it in the gym. Literally. Tony couldn't say he regretted it, but he knew that the lack of sleep would catch up with him by noon at the latest. However, if he had to choose between a SHIELD meeting where he was awake and a few private hours with Steve, he didn't have to think twice. He dropped his head back onto the mat.
"I'd take another one too, but I prefer it to be handed to me the old-fashioned way," Tony said. He was sitting right next to Clint, but he had his feet resting on the edge of the table and wasn't sure he could shift out of this relaxed position quickly enough to catch a slice of pizza going astray. Clint once again reached into a box in front of him, but Steve had already handed over a slice from Tony's other side.
"Get in the ship, I'll get you starting clearance," Tony instructed the team and Nat took the lead of the small group heading down the metal stairs and hurrying through the hangar towards the ship.
"What are you thinking about?" Tony asked straight out. He knew the expression on Steve's face too well to not recognise his brooding. Steve remained motionless and silent.
"No matter if we really go away for a while or not, but I just can't concentrate on Bucky and leading the team at the same time. I haven't been sleeping for," he looked at the clock on the wall, "I can't even tell. Too long." Tony knew. It had not escaped his notice that the shadows under Steve's eyes were growing darker by the day. "If I knew that at least the team was in good hands, a lot of things would be easier for me."
But eventually, the woman had to crouch behind a car to reload her pistols and in the few seconds it took her, Tony managed to scan her.
The T-shirt had to be soaking wet with sweat from the hours of sparring. Tony could feel it sticking tightly to his skin, but that obviously didn't stop Steve.
"Exactly," Tony said, fully aware that he was on thin ice. "Which testifies that I know how to accomplish a task and how to give a mission report. I am skilled in combat and stealth and on top of that I can blend in better than most." Tony eyed the General's blue skin. "I'm the only pink-skinned commander you have. You don't really want to send an ordinary soldier, do you?"
"At ease," Tony commanded them. "Someone attacked the General while he was in diplomatic negotiation with Asgard. I need to get these diplomats to safety, make sure you take the assailant in."
"It's called pizza and you know that," Clint said, reached into the box in front of him and pulled out a slice of pepperoni pizza. "Catch," he said and threw it across the table. Fortunately, Thor was sitting opposite him, so the piece of pizza didn't have a long journey, but when Thor caught it with one hand, the pepperoni slid dangerously close to the edge.
"Nat, knock him out," Steve shouted and the crackle of electricity filled the air before the General collapsed unconscious. His head hit the stone floor as Bucky and Thor let go of his shoulders and Tony noticed that he wasn't sorry at all. Everything that had built up as a result of years of humiliation and lies from the General seemed to have burst out of him and two punches had not been enough to vent the feelings. But Tony would not hit a man who was passed out on the floor, not even when it was the General. And by the time he had regained consciousness, they would be long gone.
Tony pondered for a moment, but couldn't think of anything interesting to tell. So he started talking about the team. About Clint, who had destroyed the third controller of the Switch in the common room yesterday when he had thrown it on the floor. About Thor, who had then burst into jubilation because he had beaten him at Mario Kart for the first time. About Natasha, who hadn't been able to stop laughing at Clint, and about Bruce, who had actually looked up from his book in amusement.
He stopped in front of the flat steps at the end of the room. They led up to a hexagonal landing and to a man standing there. He had his face turned to the screen, his muscular silhouette standing out in black against the illuminated background.
"Thank you, that means a lot," Tony said, looking Natasha in the eye to match the honest relief in his voice. She smiled and finally took a sip of her coffee, grimacing when she noticed it had become cold.
"Wow. Things got pretty gloomy around here," Clint said, knocking another empty pizza box to the floor as he took his feet off the table to get up.
"That very night," Tony made a hand gesture through the air as if underlining a headline, "we thought we were ready. Ready to change the world. And sometimes you gotta run before you can walk. So we did our first test on actual living human cells."
Tony tugged at the short cables sticking out of the green circuit board with his fingers. Copper wires. How old-fashioned. But if the tinkering with human technology in the last few weeks had taught him one thing, it was that its design was not the only thing inferior to the Kree. But it was quite entertaining to explore it. It was like solving a puzzle from ancient times. And a bit like reading hieroglyphics.
"You want to stay here?" Tony offered. He liked having Steve around, and if it also helped him with coping, even better.
"I don't know," Tony replied honestly and he heard his voice shaking. Physically, he was fine - the General had barely got him and the four steps he had fallen down hadn't even been enough to give him a bruise - but inside him, an indefinable emotional chaos was roaring. The General's words made no sense and Steve was here. A Skrull. On Hala.
One of the assailants Cap had just knocked out had been carrying a heavy weapon and when he had gone down, shots had broken loose from it. The bullets had entered the wall of the house behind them and hit the stucco under the windows.
The thought of the blue-skinned mounds of muscle he used to train with at the Academy had given Tony an idea. After all, he hadn't spent five years mastering tricks to stand up against physically superior people for nothing. Plasma blasts might be forbidden in the gym, but he could still fight unfairly in other ways. He was smaller and more agile than Steve.
But Tony just waved the critique off. He was panting and propped his hands on his knees to catch his breath. He hadn't thought it possible that a human being could push him to his physical limits like that. And then he had been exercising with Steve for the first time.
Tony was pressed into the seat and his head throbbed painfully as he tried to process what had just happened. He would have to sort out his thoughts later. Closing his eyes, he reached to his right and his fingers found Steve's again. He squeezed tightly, with no intentions of letting go any time soon. In a few minutes, they would be far enough away from Hala to perform a hyperjump. They were on their way home.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said, fiddling at the elastic red tape around his knuckles. Steve had insisted on these superfluous bandages and Tony hadn't wanted to argue with him. Besides, he wasn't a hundred percent sure that hitting Steve's abs might not actually get his Kree bones to shatter. He had no interest in finding out.
Tony took another step closer to get a better look at the people who had appeared on the screen. "Who's that?"
"You are a disgrace," he said. "You have no right to wear this uniform." For a moment Tony thought he was going to hit him. In a reflex, he raised his arms and fended off the General. Fingernails scraped across the solid fabric of Tony’s uniform as the General tried to tear the commander's silvery insignia from Tony's chest. "You have no right to call yourself a Kree!" he shouted and Tony struggled to keep him at a distance as the General seemed determined on ripping the entire uniform off his body. Tony didn't have time to really think about how this reaction had turned out much more violent than he had expected. But he had clearly heard what had just been hurled at him.
All at once, Tony was ten years old again as the General loomed over him. He had been wandering the labs of the academy in search of new ideas. He had lost track of time and had missed his fighting practice session. It had been the first time the General had hit him and Tony felt that he was in for the same thing now.
"Avenging people, protecting civilians, fighting in a team," Steve said in a voice that made it immediately clear to Tony why he was the one in charge here. This guy was born to lead.
"Thank you, Sir," Tony said, turned and walked down the steps of the platform and back across the long room. His steps were a little more light-footed than usually. Ever since he had learned that his father, whom he had never met, had been from C-53, he had wanted to take a look himself. But even though his work in the duty of the Kree Starforce had taken him to many distant planets, C-53 had not been among them until now. As Tony left the General's dark office and stepped back into the bright golden light outside, a grin of anticipation spread across his face.
"My professor and I were researching radioactivity and how it could affect organic cells. Sounds familiar, Angry Ivy?" Bruce had his eyes forward again and nodded, his mouth slightly open. "We had developed a technique to weaken bad cells and strengthen good cells. We could change cells in their basic characteristics, effectively reprogram biological organisms. The possibilities were endless, so we dreamed big! Curing cancer, aids, any kind of genetic or cellular disease. Superhuman abilities suddenly were no longer a fantasy, but a possibility. We felt like literal gods, already revelling in the feeling of being awarded the Nobel Prize and every scientific reward there is. Well, until that very night..."
"You know, if I want to get my ass kicked, I'll ask Banner," Tony said. "This should be a training fight on eye-level."
Three weeks now he was officially on the team, officially an Avenger, including ID card, personal quarters and everything. Although he couldn't quite understand all the hype about it. It wasn't that different from being on any other unit.
They were a crazy bunch, but they had been so welcoming to him that a not-so-small part of Tony felt bad for lying brazenly to their faces. Not for the first time, he had to remind himself what team he actually belonged to: He was commander of the Kree Starforce, not an Avenger. Although he had to admit that it was fun to fight alongside them and be part of their small team, even if he couldn't pinpoint the exact reason why.
It's not the team that needs to prepare for anything, my dear, Tony thought with pity. But he also couldn't just tell Steve that he was reading top-secret SHIELD files as bedtime literature and that according to them his best childhood friend was on a nasty and casualty-laden guilt trip right now. But he couldn't just let him walk into the knife like that either.
"I'm sorry," Steve replied, slumping his shoulders. "I wanted to go easy on you. I thought I did. Sorry."
"Not fair!" he protested, trying to break free of a supersoldier's grasp. Steve was lying half beside him, half on top of him, shaking with laughter.
"It's the intruder alert," he explained briefly. "It goes off when the General passes out in his office. It's a red alert, so they will start scanning any second, you have to leave,
"I made you great," he said, and it was almost a hiss. "I spent time and money on you, on your potential, you should be grateful. You should grovel in front of me, begging for my forgiveness. You'd be nothing without me!"
"We will leave and you will not stop us," he said, placing a forefinger on the General's chest. "You will not follow or search for us and you will not attack C-53. Earth is under our protection from now on."
"There is nothing to continue, that's all we know." Steve's voice had taken on a bitter and resigned tone. "He's leaving a trail of bodies from DC northwards. Fury is pretty sure he's heading here, but can't tell me why. He just says we should stay alert and be ready for anything."
"How is he?" Tony asked without looking at Steve. Since they had taken Barnes into custody, Tony had also been keeping an eye on his files. He knew every detail about Barnes' problematic condition.
Hangar 1 was the one closest to the government building, which included the General's office. It was the landing site for diplomats and other dignitaries, but Hala hadn't seen many visitors lately and Tony quickly spotted the Shield logo on one of the space ships. By Earth standards, it was certainly quite modern but in Hala's hangar, next to high profile government spaceships, it looked old and dusty.
But Tony couldn't possibly tell Steve any of that. So all he said was an extended, "I don't think so...?" followed by a carefully curious, "Who is that?"
"I know." Tony wiped the traces of blue blood from his hand on his uniform. Only now did the sharp ringing enter his awareness, it echoed loudly in the room and his own blood froze in his veins. He cursed out loud and looked around for the other Avengers. Thor clutched Mjolnir's handle tighter, Clint had a hand on the arrows in his quiver and Nat was reloading her taser bracelet. Sam and Bucky just exchanged a glance and then both looked over at Tony, waiting.
"Don't listen to him Tony, let's go," Steve suddenly interjected and Tony heard him approach from behind. But he also heard what the General was saying, who suddenly seemed unusually talkative.
From the corner of his eye, he saw Cap grinning as they joined the group. But when he opened his mouth, his voice had returned to the leader's tone.
He heard the noises even before he reached the scene: Muffled thuds and shouts, a metallic rattling now and then and the shattering of glass. The fight was happening in the immediate vicinity and it was not happening quietly. Tony hurried down the side street while tapping on the comm display on his left arm. But he didn't need to activate the locator to pinpoint the source of the noises. He had crossed an intersection and now he saw them in some distance ahead up the narrow street. He continued to follow the empty road, which was apparently not one of New York's main thoroughfares and approached the sounds of fighting to find out what exactly was going on. He entered the street from the side, and as he left the alley he saw the whole picture.
"Bit of both, I believe," Steve replied. "I don't know how to prepare the team for something I know so little about myself. If even Fury has no intel..."
"A question asked without thought is likely to unveil an answer that is unexpected, young Clint," Thor said, looking Clint firmly in the eye.
"What do you mean?" Tony asked again, eyeing the General closely to catch every movement that might give him away. But this time his answer came promptly.
"It's always been him," Steve said and a shiver of the unpleasant kind ran down Tony's spine. This was exactly what he had dreaded.
Natasha was the first to speak again. "We don't judge people based on the mistakes they made in the past."
"We don't know," Steve replied, continuing to speak to the wall, "but he is coming closer as we speak."
"Yeah, but what if not, Tony?" Steve interrupted Tony's steady stream of comforting words. He turned his gaze back to Tony who saw something in the blue eyes that even he didn't get to see there often. "What if not? What if he can't be fixed? What if he stays like this forever? I never know which Bucky I'm talking to, if he recognises me as his friend, if he awaits an order from me or if he wants to kill me."
"If you don't mind?" Steve said, and it sounded almost shy. But Tony wasn't really sure, because he had never experienced a shy Steve before. It was quite possible that he misinterpreted it.
"Oh... that... yeah..." Tony didn't know if Cap would believe his answer and delayed the moment he had to reply. But Cap didn't seem to care why exactly he could shoot energy from his hands.
"You've always been an experiment. Always just a number on a piece of paper. Subject 325. And you were such a success we could hardly believe it. Your cells embraced every change, almost as if they wanted to become something greater. Have you never wondered why no one else around here has similar powers? Where do you think yours came from?"
With his head still facing the ground, he heard Steve approaching and a hand was unexpectedly placed on Tony's back.
"Do you have experience with this sort of thing?" Cap asked as they headed over to the other team members. Tony felt how Cap’s gaze wandered over Tony's suit as he inspected him. His chest tightened. He should have changed the colours beforehand. Anyone with even half a clue would instantly recognise the dark teal and black and the silver Hala star on his chest.
"The Chitauri are happening," the General said, changing the camera view once more. Tony looked closer and recognised the grey skin and sharp armour plates of tarnished brass. Like parasites, the humanoids seemed to be spreading rapidly across the city, destroying their surroundings with their blue laser weapons.
Tony suddenly realised several things. "So that's why this late-night training session? I thought it was just your usual insomnia."
Tony nodded, internally congratulating himself for his precise research and for Bruce in fact backing up his tale. But it couldn't hurt to add a little more theatrics. "That was the only time I used this glitch, these powers, for anything. I mean before..."
Tony and Steve barely managed to throw themselves into two empty seats and fasten their seatbelts before Clint turned up the thrusters and lifted them off Hala.
Steve's body needed a few silent minutes to calm down and when he spoke again, the trembling had stopped and his voice sounded firmer again. "Sam suggested taking him away," he said. "Out into nature, maybe even over to Canada. He says treating him like a prisoner won't improve things. But here he's too much of a danger to too many people."
"A man of honour is under no obligation to account for his abilities to anyone, young Tony. Silence is a virtue," Thor said pompously and Tony nodded at him. "What Shakespeare says."
"Come in," Tony said without looking up. It was something between 8 pm and 2 am. His comm hadn't alerted him, so it couldn't be an Avengers emergency, and there were only a handful of people who would knock on his private door at this hour.
They lived together, annoyed each other, had regular training sessions in various group constellations and had already fought a few generic bad guys. Yet Tony had not grown tired of watching Steve thoroughly on the battlefield so far.
." He gave Steve a meaningful look. The scanners they were using could identify Skrull within seconds, and on red alert, they would have Hala completely locked down within minutes. They had to get out of here as fast as they could.
up against that wall back there if I had wanted to. I don't usually let opponents get within arms reach."
"I shall be handed another piece of this exquisite food," Thor demanded and flung his golden hair back over his shoulder. It brushed over the heavy red cloak he wore insistently around the clock. Tony was convinced he slept in his armour too.
"Nothing," the General said smugly, spitting out blood. "After we got you, we had no use for them anymore, but I'm pretty sure they're dead."
"And I am leaving. Therefore I am no longer under your command." Tony's voice had also risen, but he did not retreat as the General approached him with his face contorted in anger.
When their eyes met, Steve quickly turned his head away. The silly remark was already on the tip of Tony's tongue, but he was distracted by the sight that presented itself as Steve hunched over and ultimately stood up.
Tony saw a little bit of the tension in Steve's body go as this weight was lifted off his chest. "Thank you, Tony. It means a lot to me. All of this."
Steve hurled his towel at him but it only fluttered past Tony and landed on the mat beside him. "Okay I'm sorry," Tony grinned as Steve rolled his eyes. "Please continue."
Tony tried to focus his scanner on him, but he was at the far end of the street and both Thor and Black Widow as well as the still quite numerous attackers regularly stepped into his line of sight. He needed to get closer to him to complete his scan.
Steve grinned and folded his arms in front of his chest. "Maybe, but plasma blasts aren't allowed in the gym, as you know."
The assailant fell to the ground next to his colleague, Tony dodged an incoming bullet and took the sniper off the roof with another energy beam.
Again Tony gasped briefly. Steve did not attack with full force and Tony's tough skin and muscles served him well, but the hits still hurt.
Tony felt personally offended in a very unpleasant way by this statement. But he swallowed it without voicing the refutations that were already on the tip of his tongue. He had expected a response of this kind and had his own prepared and ready.
"Can I make an educated guess on what's bugging you?" Tony asked, shifting a little sideways so he could at least see a little bit of Steve's face. Steve turned his head and Tony didn't have to see the deep frown to be sure of his guess. "It's Barnes, isn't it?"
Anger and worry mixed into the cocktail of emotions and Tony stared at Steve. He was too happy to see him again to immediately rebuke him for this stupid idea. But he had to at least vent a little.
Steve leaves Tony more broken than he arrived, gathering his things and quietly leaving. It was a strange fight if it can even be considered one. It had been years since they had gotten into it and Steve was feeling like his mood was soured for the rest of the day.
“Here, take it off,” Steve says as he starts to help her take it off. The house was so secluded they never worried about letting Peter run around outside naked. So Steve doesn’t even think twice about it.  After they both finish rinsing off he grabs towels and they head to the deck to dry out in the sun. Steve grabs his sunglasses and lounges on one of the deck chairs. He closes his eyes and listens to the pitter-patter of little feet hitting the deck as Beverly plays.
Tony shifts his hips trying to will Steve’s hand to move lower and touch his growing erection.  “I’ve been thinking about Aunt Hottie and that tiny sundress she wore all day.”
“Will it be back on before night-time?” Peter asks as he grabs a few candles from Steve, listening to his instructions on where to put them. Tony stumbles as he walks towards them. Steve is instantly at his side grabbing him and steadying him.
“Whatever happens between me and Tony. That doesn’t change—” he pauses and lets out a sigh, “—but this little argument is nothing. I’m home. I’ll talk to your father in the morning. Everything goes back to normal. So no worrying.”
Peter looks back at Tony defiantly and drops it on the tile floor before walking out of the room. Tony stands up and takes a second before pursuing him. Don’t be like Howard. Don’t respond like him. He could see it in his head, jerking Peter’s arm up roughly while his other hand unbuckles his belt and pulls it loose. The fear he had felt when Howard did something like that to him. He didn’t want his children to experience that.
It’s nearly midnight by the time Peter actually gets discharged. They load up the car that Bruce had packed up and drove to the hospital to meet them after the rest of the team got on the Quinjet. Bruce had returned home after the first night. Peter is carefully buckled into the backseat and then wrapped with a blanket from the gift shop. Even with it being mid-summer they were worried about him catching a chill. Tony and Steve took turns on the drive back to the city. They collapse into bed when they finally make it home.
He sets both of the kids on their feet in the bathroom. He has Peter sit on the toilet seat as he grabs a towel from a drawer. He presses it to Peter’s lip to stop the bleeding. Jarvis is reading a website to him. He has to apply pressure to the cut for several minutes. If it’s still bleeding after then he’ll have to take Peter to the ER.
“Come on Pete. You’ve taken up enough of the neighbor’s time. Let’s get back home,” Steve says as he leads him back up the road. Calling out their goodbyes before beginning the walk back.
Peter goes to his room. Steve looks up at the ceiling out of habit and says, “JARVIS start a ten minute timer.” He waits for a response and then it clicks in that they aren’t at home and the AI isn’t here. “Tony, start a timer.”
I’m sad to see this come to a close but all things have an end. Thanks to everyone that stuck around and read this to the end. I hope y’all enjoy it.
Peter helps him back to the couch as Tony groans in pain. Peter’s eyes are wide as he stares into Tony’s.
“We didn’t give you pills,” Steve says as he sits down and puts his arm around Tony. Peter climbs into Tony’s lap.
Steve pulls the door open and grabs Peter by the arm to lead him outside. Peter stands firm and refuses to budge. “I can’t go outside. Daddy will spank me again.”
“Is this your husband?” Beverly asks remembering Steve talking about him during previous visits. He had even brought along some children’s books about gay families to read with her.
Tony moves forward as if to follow her but stops and turns around instead, staring into his now empty home. Thinking back to when it was filled with the sounds of laughing, playing children. The sounds of Peter and Beverly’s feet hitting the tile as they ran endlessly after each other. Music playing over the radio as Steve prepared dinner in the kitchen. The sounds of his then-husband’s laughter as Tony made jokes and flirted with him.
“I had the whole ride to think about this. I love you but you’re an idiot, Steve I get that. You have a big heart and you think with it.”
He still felt awful but it seemed to make things at least better. He gets out of bed and goes into the bathroom to splash cold water on his face. After drying off his face, he heads down to the workshop losing himself in a project to clear his head. It’s a few hours later when he starts to fall back asleep, his head lolling forward shocks him awake. He blinks and stares around his workshop before deciding he’ll try sleep again.
“I’m leaving. Tony is having trouble remembering his life. Don’t startle him by correcting him. You can’t force the memories. Play along with it.”
“It’s late, Pete,” Tony says, his tone indicating he’s not pleased with the young man’s coming and going.
Tony has a look of pure relief on his face when he sees Steve come into the room. Steve approaches him, interrupting his lunch making to press a kiss on his lips. Beverly runs up behind him and slaps his butt.
He returns a few minutes later and Tony has got him calmed down and settled in the bed. Steve gets back into bed and looks over at the two. He gives Tony a kiss before leaning down to place one on Peter’s chubby cheek. “I didn’t find anything in your room. You ready to go back to sleep?”
Peter visibly calms at his father’s words. He had woken up from a bad dream before he came in the room. He was dreaming about Steve’s mission but it had been a mix of a few Steve had told him about before. The location changed and even the people there changed throughout the dream. His Papa was bleeding and the bad guy was standing above him ready to deliver another blow. Papa hadn’t come home from the mission. Tony had held his hand as he walked him up to the casket to say his final goodbye. Then there were suddenly two caskets and when he looked around the room he saw it was his Richard and Mary Parker’s funeral. When he looks up it’s Uncle Ben holding his hand. He woke up then and he couldn’t convince himself it had just been a dream. He felt immense grief like a weight on his chest. He had to see his Papa and check that he was okay.
So Steve’s phone is returned to his nightstand, the lights are turned off and Tony curls up on his side in an unfamiliar bed. He tries to fall asleep in the increasingly unfamiliar place. He tries to ignore the ache in his chest as he replays his daughter’s voice in his head. Over and over it repeats until he really can’t hold the tears back. How long had it been since he held her?
He assumed Jarvis was malfunctioning when he alerted him that the first floor was flooded. Had it not been for the fact that the first floor was filling up with bubbles. His children had decided to help with Thanksgiving dinner by removing all the vegetables and fruit from the fridge and mashing them together in various pots and pans as they try to make Papa’s stuffing. After realizing they had made a large mess and that Daddy might become mad they decided to load and run the dishwasher.
Steve glances towards his children as he stands up. “Pete, watch your sister. I’m going to take a phone call.”
Kids were never a consideration until Steve had mentioned it in passing and gave his husband time to think about it on his own.  Tony was afraid of being a poor father just like Howard. Steve had his own fears as well. Raising a child in this new strange world where so much had changed seemed daunting. The fact that they had jobs that put their lives on the line everyday also made him reconsider. One seemed to be a perfect number for them. Even with the drowning scare it felt like they were doing a good job with Peter. They had the resources to raise more. Tony could hire an army of nannies but they wanted to be involved parents.
Peter stands up shakily, blood dripping from his knees. The tears flood his eyes and roll down his face as they resume walking. “Stop your crying. There’s barely a cut.” Peter wipes at his tears and tries but it won’t stop. He catches up to Steve and still needing that comfort grabs for his hand. Steve pulls his hand loose and rounds on him, slapping his face hard. Peter’s eyes go wide and he can’t breathe for a second.
The wine glass clinks against the others as she pulls it from the cabinet. Even when she tries to close it softly, the sound echoes through the room. She digs through the pantry until she finds a bag of chips. She gathers her things and glances into the main floor family room. She wonders if they can hear the tv or see the light coming through under their door. Instead she walks the few steps into the downstairs family room and places her things on the coffee table. She turns on the lamp and looks for the remote. After finding something to watch she settles into a cozy corner of the overstuffed couch and pulls an afghan around her body. It looked like one her Uncle Bucky had made. He had started crocheting as part of his rehab. He wanted to use his hands to create something good.
“Don’t get smart with me,” Steve warns him as he goes into the kitchen and pours a glass of water. Peter sighs, both of his parents were being frustrating tonight.  He pads into the kitchen and leans on the counter. Peter grabs the half empty glass Steve just set down and drinks the rest of the water in before placing it back down. Steve grabs it and puts it under the tap and fills it again. “Are you done stealing my water?”
“How about this? I have Friday put on your favorite movie. I’ll go in the kitchen and make popcorn. The real way on the stove in a pot with some oil. Like your mother used to make. Cold glass bottles of Coca-Cola.”
He looks back at them watching them fidget and he’s surprised they managed to stay still that long. Soon they’re running around while Beverly pretends to be a dog. Barking and all. Steve’s phone rings and he goes outside to take the call.
Peter follows behind her and sighs when he notices the empty bottle of wine and open bag of chips. The tv is on but muted while Beverly is curled up under the blankets and fast asleep. Peter goes up to her and shakes her shoulder. She lets out a gasp of pain and cries, “don’t.”
Peter pulls the covers tighter around himself. He did not want to leave the warm comfort of his bed.
“Stop for a minute,” he says to Peter before turning to his daughter. “Beverly, I need to know you understand.”
He kisses her forehead and she snuggles against him. “You know how Saturday mornings, Daddy doesn’t go into work and we have a big breakfast?”
He could move, he was awake. He had to get out of the room. She was walking towards him but not in a normal way. There was something wrong with her ankle. She’s getting closer. Peter jumps off the bed and runs towards the door. She was a ghost so he’d pass through her. Right? That wasn’t the case and he’s thrown back hard. His head slamming with an audible thump against the hard edge of the metal bed frame. He holds his breath unable to suck in air. Then it all comes in with a rush and the wailing starts. His door flies open and the ghost is gone. Tony is standing in the doorway looking worried. “Kid, what did you even do?”
The creature stops as a young woman in an long white under-dress with a purple apron dress over it jumps down from a tree. She has a crown upon her head as well but it’s made of flowers. Long dark blonde hair is secured in a plait on the back of her head and Peter finds her to be beautiful. Her clothes are made of fine silk. The woman circles around them almost as if in a fighting stance but she appears to have no weapon.
Steve reaches out to rub her shoulder and she recoils away from him and buries herself closer to Tony. Steve has just enough room to get on the bed. Peter is excited and tries to ask about the mission.
“Yup,” Peter says as his eyes follow Steve’s trajectory into the bathroom. Steve glances at Tony still asleep in the bed before he starts to undress throwing his running clothes into the hamper. He trudges into the bathroom, opening the shower door and turning on the tap.
“I could—” Tony begins about to suggest slipping a few hundreds to the tour guide to let them get to the front of the line.
Steve crouches down so he’s at his kid’s level. Pointing out the things in the horizon to them. They’re excited and also scared. He can tell because they take care to stay near him and not too close to the edge. Beverly’s little hands were wrapped around his arm.
Note: If you don’t want a reply, for any reason (sometimes I feel shy when I’m reading and not up to starting a conversation, for example), feel free to sign your comment with “whisper” and I will appreciate it but not respond!
It wasn’t even his worst experience with Tony. He remembers when his father’s panic attacks used to scare him.  They’d happened out in public.
Tony places a hand on Steve’s shoulder, his skin feeling hot as soon as his hand makes contact. “Steve,” Tony says and it’s all it takes to calm whatever has taken over him. The anger is gone and he’s horrified that he was just thinking about hurting Peter. His son, that’s scared and already in pain. His son, that needs him to make it all better. It was strange feeling and he couldn’t make sense of what had come over him.
"You never were my son," the General said, no less despisingly. "How could you? You're not even half Kree."
But Steve didn't say anything else for Tony to listen to. He just returned to stare at his hands and Tony continued to stroke his back soothingly. They each hung on to their thoughts and Tony hated himself for the feelings that rose in him as he thought about Barnes. He was a victim. He was the least to blame for this mess. Still, his appearance was the cause of Steve's sorrow and if he was honest, that pissed Tony off quite a bit.
Tony took it. "You're welcome." Just now, as Cap was standing right in front of him, and Tony had to look up to him, did he notice how tall the man was.
"Thanks, Tony," Steve said sincerely. The mood in the gym had shifted in an unexpected direction. Tony had been looking through Steve dreamily while he had been thinking about him. And now Steve was looking at him, his eyes glazed over, his mouth slightly open and Tony couldn't take his eyes off him. If he didn't make a move quickly, he was going to end up doing something very stupid.
"Please, Jann-Vey." He was pleading, but he didn't care. "It's important. We need to get them back to earth before they start the scanning."
Tony turned back to the screen and watched as the five of them struck down Chitauri, a race that was known to be superior to humans, at breathtaking speed. "They seem to be quite impressive. We have all sorts of powers in my unit already, but I think one or two of them might be a good addition. It could give us the crucial edge on the next Skrull hideout razzia. Hard to tell from afar though."
"Sam wants me to come with them," Steve continued. "I'm the only connection he has to his old life. His real life. His real self. I know who he really is. Who he used to be." Steve stammered a little and his voice trailed off for a moment before he picked up the thread again. "But there is the team, you know. I can't just go on vacation for an indefinite period. The Avengers are needed and they need a leader." He paused again, this time deliberately, and then turned to Tony who quickly withdrew his hand from Steve's back. Somehow this affectionate touch made him uncomfortable when Steve was looking at him so directly. But Steve didn't seem to care, or - which seemed much more likely to Tony - he had too much else on his mind to worry about that on top of it.
"Yeah, whatever," Clint countered quick-wittedly, waved it off and shuffled out of the dining room without picking up the box from the floor. Natasha began to gather the napkins, rubbish and other leftovers from the table and Steve jumped up immediately to help her. Bruce was staring at the tabletop again, obviously Tony had given him a lot to think about.
"Give him some time. He's been under Hydra's control for how many years? And he's only been here a few days. You didn't involve Sam for nothing. He knows about trauma, he'll fix him."
"I miss him," Steve said softly, looking down at his fingers. Tony's guts clenched painfully. It was as if Steve's words had given him another electric shock and Tony resisted the sudden urge to withdraw his hand. He forced himself to continue moving it over the soft fabric of Steve's T-shirt and not think too hard about what Steve's words implied.
"Get away from my boyfriend," a voice said, and before Tony could process the voice, a red and blue shield came flying above him from behind, knocking the General clean off his feet. He fell onto the steps behind him and the shield landed on the stone floor with a clatter. Startled and confused, Tony skidded backwards on the floor to get even more distance between him and the General, but he couldn't take his eyes off the shield. Steve was here?
"I owe you nothing. You are not my father!" Tony replied, now dropping all decency and courtesy protocols. He would not allow the General to get between him and Steve again.
He detached himself from the wall of the house again and tried to get an overview of the situation and the fight as best he could. Hawkeye was to the right still standing on top of the bus and shooting arrows in all directions. The Hulk was audibly busy smashing things on the left. Between them seemed to stretch the actual battleground and Tony could make out at least two other individuals there, battling attackers in yellow suits. Their gear resembled beekeepers in a strange way, even though they carried weapons. But the high black boots and long gloves, as well as the angular helmets with narrow visors, did not help to diminish this first impression.
"Someday we'll get you both to play along. And as long as Thor is in, you definitely wouldn't be the worst," Tony said and looked up from his board to face Steve. But Steve did not return his gaze. He had his eyes closed and his breathing was calm and steady. Apparently, fatigue had finally overtaken him.
"My name is Tony," Tony shouted and before he could stop himself he had lunged for a punch that hit the General on the nose. Blue blood began to drip onto his upper lip. Tony threw a second punch and felt his fist slip in the slick blood. Then a strong hand gripped his wrist from behind.
The man turned to face him. The blue tone of his skin seemed to be intensified by the artificial glow while his black hair seemed to absorb any light.
"I suggest myself," Tony said, straightening up a little as he looked the General firmly in the eye.
Steve rolled his eyes but couldn't suppress a grin while Tony bit into the pizza with relish, letting the delicious food fill his battle-starved stomach. It had taken him a few days to get used to the food on C-53, or as the humans called it, Earth. In fact, he was still figuring out what he could and could not eat. It had taken him about 24 hours to discover that his Kree organism apparently could not digest earthly milk. "Lactose intolerance," Clint had named it. "Sucks, but it's half as bad with all the dairy-free products around these days." Which was why Tony was now gleefully feasting on his slice of plant-based pizza without worry.
"I have no idea," the General confessed, also watching a red and blue shield dart through the frame, ricochet off a house wall and knock two Chitauri to the ground at once. The man who picked it up as he ran past had disappeared from the screen so quickly again that he was only briefly visible as a blue blur in the dust.
Tony saw the General's jaw twitch as he tried not to let on. A whole range of emotions played out behind his dark eyes, but none of them seemed to break their way to the surface because all he said was, "You can't," and it was a matter-of-fact statement. Albeit a false one.
The colours of the antique cables were barely distinguishable from each other in the dim light that prevailed in Tony's quarters. Only the bedside lamp next to Tony and the computer screens on the desk illuminated the room weakly and did not provide enough light to distinguish dark blue from brown or black. Or was it red?
Steve's right shoulder twitched and this time Tony was ready to dodge the upcoming punch directly instead of blocking it and being forced onto the defensive. Tony saw the muscles in Steve's arm tense as he suppressed his reflexes and held back, waiting before following up with another punch.
"I really don't know," Steve said. "I had a good talk with him this morning. I brought him tea. We spent an hour chatting about the street we grew up on and the other kids we used to play hide and seek with. And all of a sudden his eyes glaze over and he doesn't recognise me anymore." Steve's words had become faster and faster as he had talked and now Tony saw goosebumps creeping up Steve's arms as he was thinking about his friend.
In what life did Tony have even the slightest chance of standing up to those muscles in a fair fight? Tony was stronger than he looked but Steve Rogers was something else. He wasn't even sure if the massive Kree brawlers on Hala could beat Steve in hand-to-hand combat all that easily. At least he would put up a decent fight with them, that much was certain.
"Eeeh," Tony responded, wagging his hand ambiguously in the direction of the small bedside lamp behind him. "There is one."
"So this is the ‘Nothing’ that happened on C-53." She smirked at Tony. "Can't even blame you now. I mean, who wouldn't leave Hala in an instant for
Tony noticed how four pairs of eyes had turned curiously towards him. Bruce was still staring at the tabletop in front of him. Slowly, Tony took his feet off the table and stood up, using the dramatic effect that a suddenly silent room provided.
is still pretty much to handle, Mr Supersoldier. Shift down two more gears and maybe the fight will be fair."
Tony picked himself up and drank the water in large gulps while sitting on the mat. It ran down his throat pleasantly cool and rehydrated his exhausted body from inside. Once he felt reasonably refreshed again and his thoughts had also cooled down his eyes wandered back to Steve, who had settled down on the bench beside the mats. His open bottle had came to a halt halfway to his mouth and he was staring at the wall opposite with obvious interest.
"You wanted to have a word with me?" the General asked, obviously annoyed that Tony was keeping him from leisurely indulging in his Skrull hatred. Tony felt his palms getting sweaty. He had spent most of last night preparing what he wanted to say. He knew he only had this one chance and he couldn’t ruin it with an unfortunate choice of words.
Tony ducked his head as one of the arrows exploded near him and that was fortunate because just a second later something very large and green charged right past him. If Tony hadn't pressed himself flat against the wall, it probably would have taken him right along with it. This Hawkeye might be human, but there was no way this green monster was.
She eyed Steve and then Tony again. Her gaze moved down to their interlocked hands and a switch seemed to flip in her head.
"Hey, Earth to Rogers, do you copy?" Tony almost laughed at his own unintended pun, even if it wasn't funny to Steve at all. But Steve's jaw had clenched so tightly that Tony could almost hear his teeth grinding from here. That did not bode well.
Before Tony knew what was happening, he was caught in this fight in the middle of a residential street in broad daylight. But apparently, no one seemed even remotely surprised that he had just disintegrated a massive stone with a light beam from his fist. And he didn't have much time to think about it either, because the next moment someone had grabbed him from behind. The assailants had obviously decided that he was now part of this unusual team, or at least that an attack on him was justified.
Cautiously, Tony ventured out of cover and stalked closer to the action from behind an abandoned car to get the other fighters of the team in front of his scanner. But before he had properly identified even one of them, he saw a red cape swirl through the air above him and heard the man wearing it landing heavily on the asphalt in the middle of the road. As the shock wave rolled over him, the ground beneath Tony's feet vibrated and the windows of the surrounding cars shattered into pieces with a rattle. He stumbled back a few steps, grateful that his reinforced Kree skin and muscles absorbed most of the force, while attackers in yellow were knocked to the ground in front of his eyes and did not get up again.
"Yes, Sir," the speaker said, and the group rushed past them towards the office. Clint let out an impressed whistle when they were out of earshot and Tony continued their way.
"I'm coming with you," Steve said, who hadn't left his side. Tony wanted to object but the piercing alarm that was still going off made it very clear that they didn't have time to discuss that now. So Tony grabbed Steve's hand and pulled him to the right, following the bridge that stretched along the side of the hangar four metres above the parked space ships. They rushed towards the control room, which was located in a glass box at the end of the bridge, and Tony prayed he was remembering the watch schedule correctly. He hurried up the steps to the entrance, pulling Steve along behind him by the hand. The door swung against the wall outside as he yanked it open, relieved to find that he had been right.
"So, you want the whole story, yes?" he said as he positioned himself in the room deliberately so everyone could see him clearly. It was as if he was preparing for an important business presentation, and basically, that was exactly what it was. Only with more acting. "The whole story about the night something aroused inside me. Wait! Don't quote me on that, that sounds horribly wrong." Another chuckle from Steve. "So, the night I got my powers... let's see," he paused dramatically again. "It was a dark stormy night. Way back in 2003 when I was a tiny lab assistant at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology."
Tony had the sudden feeling that he had just grown at least two centimetres. He grinned and turned his head over to Steve, who of course was sitting captain-style, at the head of the oblong table. He had taken off most of his Captain America suit though, including that ridiculous hat, and only a blue functional shirt stretched over his broad shoulders. Tony had laughed out loud when he had first seen this look, not even remotely surprised that the shirt underneath the star-spangled banner was also blue.
The General rose from his chair, now towering over Tony by a good head. "You swore an oath!" he said.
A vein began to pulsate on the General's temple. "You are an inhabitant of Hala and therefore obliged until the end of your life!"
"To protect Hala and its inhabitants as long as I live among them," Tony recited. "I know the oath. And I have no intention of breaking it."
"Yeah, I can see why," Tony muttered as the Hulk just slammed a car on someone. The immense power of its punches seemed above average even in relation to its impressive body mass. Tony definitely never ever wanted to be the target of this monster's anger.
Tony didn't know what to say to that. Steve usually was the one who always saw the bright side and built up the rest of the team after a defeat. But now he seemed so heartbroken that Tony felt like all optimism had suddenly disappeared from him as well. He remained silent and just continued to stroke Steve's back with his hand.
The Hulk had turned out to be just as uncontrollable as Tony had judged him to be in the beginning, although Bruce was a nice and calm guy. Tony really kind of liked him, but the lack of control made him wholly unsuitable as a candidate for a military unit. That narrowed down the selection of those still in the race for the spot on Tony's team to Thor and Steve. And watching Thor was just not as thrilling as watching Steve.
Steve tapped his finger on the comm on Tony's wrist. "You linked it to our system, remember? We just had to increase our range a little, afterwards, it was easy for Bruce to locate you."
"Rejected," he said harshly, crossing his arms in front of his chest without giving any further explanation.
He turned away from Steve and slowly ascended the steps up the platform without taking his eyes off the General. His shoulders were pressed into the screen by Thor and Bucky and he struggled in vain to escape them. Behind him, Tony heard Steve following. Neither of them spoke a word and there was a tense silence in the room until Tony stood directly in front of the General.
"Rejected," the General said, still without looking at him. "There is no outpost on C-53. As you know, the planet is highly unspectacular and neither a threat nor worth conquering."
"Head down," someone shouted and Tony obeyed the order without hesitation. He crouched down and the shield rushed over his head, knocking down another assailant. With a metallic clatter, it fell to the ground and all of a sudden it seemed unusually quiet in the street. Tony looked around. Black Widow was wiping her red hair out of her face, Thor was just standing there with his cape swaying and Hawkeye hadn't nocked an arrow for the first time since Tony had entered the fight.
As if in slow motion, Tony saw the sharp-edged chunks of stone separate and begin to fall down. They were right above Cap, who was distracted by the one opponent he had left. Tony estimated the trajectory of the stones and made his decision in a split second.
Steve was in dire need of some rest and relaxation and Tony got up from the bed carefully so as not to wake him. Quietly he put the circuit board and his tools down on the desk, switched off the monitors and tiptoed back to his bed. For a brief moment, he considered just lying down next to Steve. The bed was wide enough, they wouldn't even touch each other in their sleep. Not that he had a problem with that, but he didn't know how Steve felt about it and he certainly didn't want to push him into an uncomfortable situation.
"I want an invitation to the wedding," she called after them, while Tony was already pulling Steve with him out of the control room and back along the bridge. Stumbling, they hurried down the stairs and ran along the deck towards the ship. They climbed inside and Steve pulled the door shut behind them with a thud. Tony heard the clicking of the switches Clint flipped as he fired up the engine.
"Hey, you already have a damn great team here, okay?" Tony said, looking Steve in the eye. "I know that they, that
Yes. Fist of Hydra, ruthless and efficient killer. More than 20 assassinations over the past 50 years. And Captain America's childhood friend and possibly first love. Secret files, who?
"I wanted to talk," Steve said and the undertone that resonated in his voice made Tony listen up. He missed the screw and punctured a cable. An electric shock jerked through his left hand and again he dropped a circuit board. Annoyed, he looked up at Steve because he had distracted him.
Every battle Steve managed to pull off at least one move Tony didn't know yet. Today, for example, the shield had ricocheted off a house wall after a throw, coming back a bit too low to catch it properly. Steve had kicked it away with his foot, restoring its height and spin in the process, and had sent it through three of the enemy robots at once. For a moment Tony had just stood around in amazement, forgetting what he had been doing. As a reward, he had received a hit from an attacking robot. Fortunately, no one had seen that.
“Then lose the attitude. You do not go into someone’s yard like that. If you want to pet someone’s dog you have to ask. Now that I’ve met the Millers, it’s okay for your to ask to play with their dog. But you can’t just go to a stranger’s house like that.”
It’s fairly quiet when Steve arrives and he wonders where Pepper and Morgan are at. He was expecting to come to a full house. Tony is sitting at the dining table nursing a cup of coffee. Tony’s personal chef is preparing food for brunch. Steve grabs a cup and joins Tony at the table.
Peter quickly puts on his other shoe and races out the door. May heads out the door to keep an eye on him. Ben walks into the kitchen to grab the cooler they had packed for lunches.
“Peter is a bad boy,” Beverly adds kicking her legs and splashing water. Peter squirms out of Tony’s grasp and hides behind his back. Tony laughs as he shirt gets wet before he scolds Beverly to stop.
If he had paid more attention that morning he would have noticed Peter wasn’t in bed. It would have taken him seconds to do that check. Another minute to sweep the whole house. They would have been out there looking for Peter. He wouldn’t have fallen into the creek and they wouldn’t be watching him so closely for any signs of complications. No, he wouldn’t go for his run so instead he goes to the kitchen to make coffee. After he grabs a cup, he glances at Peter before heading towards the bedrooms to unpack their suitcases.
Steve storms out of the room and paces around. Nothing can clear his mind and he just wants Tony to come home. If only to share the misery with him. He was an awful father, all he had ever done is fail to protect his children. What’s the point of this body and all the super strength if he just fails. He didn’t deserve them or this life.
“Is that so?” Pepper asks as she’s still kneeling down in front of her. “Your dress is very pretty though.”
“Quite the opposite. It was a member of the Asgardian royal family and a sister to your teammate Thor.”
Steve shakes his head, it was all too much. Trying to keep up with new technology. He didn’t know what to think about this DNA testing so easily available to everyone. It was like opening Pandora’s box.
“In a—,” Tony stops mid sentence as the power goes out. He sighs, “It will be back on in a minute. The breaker is resetting.”
Ben and May were looking like they were getting scared off from having children. Standing frozen in the doorway, May still had her hand in her purse. They were looking like they had no idea what to do. To leave and let Steve deal with it? To stand in silence and wait for the child to calm down? Peter begins to cry loudly when he realizes he’s not going to get his way. He reluctantly goes to grab his shoe and just lies on the floor with it in his hand. Tony knocks on the window of the sunroom signaling to Steve that he needs to get the noise under control.
Steve and Tony were working hard at putting the whole incident behind them. Many things had returned back to normal. While Tony returned to his Stark Industries duties right when they returned, Steve took more time off. Each night before bed, he would give Peter his bath. Steve used to set him up in the bath and leave to do other things. Finish the dishes in the sink or do some sweeping up. Now he stayed in there the whole time. After a week of watching Peter closely he returned to the satellite SHIELD office in NYC. The call from Agent Coulson was welcome because the information he could provide would allow them some closure.
Steve returns to the table and leans down whispering something in Beverly’s ear. He kisses the top of her head before she runs off to Peter’s room. Most of the agents head back outside as Hill, Coulson, and Fury sit at the table. Tony breaks out the coffee pot and some cups. He’s not happy with them being here but he’s still a good host. Coulson is pulling out all the paperwork for them to sign.
There’s a change in his face, in his eyes, in the way he holds himself letting Peter know that his Papa is back. Steve begins to speak softly to him. “What  happened little guy? Did you fall?” Steve asks as he kneels down to assess Peter’s injuries.
“Henry and I are through. I don’t want to talk about it,” Beverly says awkwardly shuffling in a suitcase.
No response only her quick footsteps up the stairs. He stands up and heads outside to sit on the patio. He closes his eyes as he relaxes back into his seat. The sun warms his skin and envelops him like a hug. He could feel his heartrate increasing but he didn’t know why. He had completed countless missions, many taking him away from his family for weeks. The ones Tony joined on were easier yet harder in other ways. They had to push their worries about Peter to the side. He was in good hands. May and Ben always watched him during these times. He even had a bedroom there.
Everyone retires to their rooms early. Steve cuddles up to Tony and places kisses down his neck. His hand sliding slowly down his chest and teases the waistband of his boxers. Tony groans. “You know I can’t be quiet. Do you want to scare our guests away?”
He nods up at his father who pulls the backpack off his back and pulls a blanket out of it. Steve sets up an area for them on the sand, pulling out the drinks from the bag. Steve does his best to brush all the sand off of Beverly. She’s wiggling around and trying to stand on the blanket so he’s unsuccessful in keeping sand off of their sitting area. A sense of calm that he hasn’t felt in weeks settles over him as he stretches his legs out and leans back. Listening to Peter explain a card game to his sister as he deals out cards.
“He looks okay. He seems okay,” he whispers to no-one in particular and it’s more like he’s reassuring himself. Tears are forming in Steve’s eyes and he’s struggling to hold it together. “Don’t you do that again,” he says his voice sounding rough and unsteady. “You scared us. You can’t do that.”
“Steve, it’s fine. Relax,” Tony says before slipping a hand under the waistband of Steve’s pajama pants.
She nods at him again and he kisses her forehead before rushing back into the room. Steve is bent over in pain. “Fuck that still hurts. He kicked me in the nuts. Serum doesn’t help with that.”
“Hey calm down. I’m the one who loses my temper,” Tony says trying to defuse the situation. Steve glares at him and crosses his arms.
“Steve. You can’t keep signing her out and keeping her overnight. Fill out the paperwork. Make it official and we don’t have to keep doing this.”
“We believe Hydra knows Beverly is alive and still in DC. They want her to experiment on. To see if the serum is passed down through reproduction or if something has to trigger it. An external trigger or puberty. If it is passed on through reproduction, they may try impregnating her,” Coulson starts to explain.
Peter quickly gets off the couch and turns so he’s facing his father. He hangs his head and holds his hands together in front of his body.
Another odd thing for Steve to say but it doesn’t register for Peter. He walks sleepily to the front door to retrieve his shoes. He pulls them on over his bare feet, carefully tying the laces just like Tony had taught him. He looks up curiously as Steve walks into the kitchen, trying to make out what he is holding. Steve plugs the sink and turns on the faucet as Peter walk to the counter.
Steve changes to the news station so he can get the weather report. He knows he could easily pull it up on his phone and know within seconds. There was something nice about timing it just right to catch the weather during the news. Peter whines as he starts the wake up cuddling tighter into Steve before straightening out his legs. Steve squeezes his arm. “You alright buddy?”
I'm planning a story after this one set when Peter and Beverly are older. I have a few chapters already written.
This sets Steve off and he’s no longer remaining calm. Both men are now shouting over each other. There’s a line and Peter’s just sprung across it.
Peter looks like he’s going to start crying again. “I hurt Papa and scared my sister. She isn’t going to like me now.”
Steve decides he has some time to paint before they head out. He goes in the sunroom ready to set up his supplies. He finds one of his favorite paint brushes covered in paint and the cap off of one of the tubes. He puzzles over it knowing he had cleaned it up yesterday. His eyes are drawn to the canvas where a stick figure family is done crudely in black paint. He feels the anger rising in his chest as he tries to make sense of it. Tony walks in the room and lets out a chuckle as he sees it. “Exploring a new style? It looks crude Babe.”
“Hey hey. We believe you baby. Papa is going to go check your room,” Tony says before kissing his forehead. “Right?” he asks turning to Steve.
“I’ll take him,” Thor offers holding out his arms. “Steve said you needed to rest and I’m here to help.”
Her heavy steps can be heard through the kitchen and up the next flight of stairs and into the guestroom.
“Baby sometimes we think we’re awake but we’re not. You were still dreaming,” Steve tries to explain
Tony is starting to doze off when Steve comes in the room and shuts off the television. The local reporter was outside Beverly’s childhood home detailing the mysterious death that happened. Two adults and one child dead from apparent carbon monoxide poisoning. Steve didn’t want his daughter to find out that way. Especially since she was the ‘dead’ child in question. To protect her, SHIELD had faked her death and destroyed her old identity. A new history was created and they were waiting on signatures to create her identity as Steve and Tony’s adopted daughter. Beverly Rose Stark and her past would be permanently sealed. And by sealed, they meant destroyed in a fire and unrecoverable.
Peter follows Steve out into the sunroom, climbing into his lap as he sits in one of the lounge chairs. Steve wraps his arms around him and comments on how cuddly he’s being today. Ben is out on the deck grilling ribs. Tony is keeping him company. May is in the kitchen preparing macaroni and cheese and corn on the cob. She refused any help from Steve and sent them out of the room.
Had Peter been more awake he would had found the entire exchange to be weird. Steve had never threatened him with spankings before. He’s still half asleep and getting in trouble the other day is still fresh in his mind, so he hops out of bed quickly.
Steve quickly throws on some clothes after  his doorbell rings. Slightly on high alert, he walks towards the door and listens carefully to determine who might be on the side. It might be his elderly neighbor asking for help reaching something in the top of a cabinet or closet. She was friendly and spoke very little English. He hoped it was her and not some Hydra agent bent on revenge.
Peter’s room is dark when he enters so he goes to the dresser and turns on the nightlight. “You left the closet open,” Peter whines. Steve closes the closet and stands next to his bed. “You didn’t turn the nightlight on! I was so scared when I woke up!”
“Peter,” the woman says in warning as she stands up and walks towards him. Her hair obscuring her face as her porcelain hand wraps around his arm. It’s so cold that it burns his skin. His whole body feels like it has been plunged into ice water. A shiver runs through his whole body and he tries to pull away from her. He feels it before it fully registers in his brain. He’s peeing. It’s wetting the front of his shorts and running down his legs. He screams as loud as he can for his Dads and pleads with her to let him go.
Steve returns after his run sweaty and ready for a shower. He sees Peter curled up under a light blanket. “Is your Daddy up?”
Tony didn’t know if it was something Peter needed to hear but he felt like it could be. He didn’t know what was going through the kid’s head. The adoption agency had recommended taking him to a therapist. Every week they took him and the therapist would chat with them after each session. As much as Peter had made progress towards a normal childhood there were always going to be things lurking just beneath the surface. Losing his parents so young and having to bounce around homes for a couple years. Peter doesn’t respond to his statement but seems to relax a little more in his hold.
His son’s head turns up towards him, those brown eyes red rimmed and glaring at Tony. Peter blinks and the tears spill over softening the fierce look on his face.
