“Molly,” Sherlock manages before he has to swallow against a suddenly dry throat. (Fear response?) Molly simply watches him through the gap in the door, waiting for something. Her weight shifts from foot to foot like she’s debating whether to step back and let him in or to lock the door. He needs to convince her. But how? Lestrade and John have explained the circumstances, so this isn’t a matter of explaining. Feelings, then. She’s hurt. She’s angry. And as for Sherlock?
It takes him less than ten minutes to put Rosie to bed, tucking her in and kissing her on the forehead. When he’s finished Sherlock offers him a tee shirt and sweats left over from playing junkie. John takes them without comment, though Sherlock isn’t sure whether that’s just because he’s too tired to argue. He takes the baby monitor with him, but Sherlock shuts it off as soon is John is out of eyeshot. Better to let him rest. Sherlock’s room is close enough to hear if Rosie wakes up. Besides, Sherlock is fresh off a case and far too wired to sleep.
echoes through his head over and over. He memorizes it, the cadence of John’s voice, the redness in his cheeks, the warmth in his eyes, the feeling of being Seen and Known and having that be okay. It’s all okay. It’s a crisis Sherlock has built up in his head for years and now it’s just
John Watson is a good man, too kind of a man to tell his best friend that he’s not interested. He’s also a very smart man, and there is no way in hell that he hasn’t noticed that every risk Sherlock has taken in the last three years, he’s taken because he loves John Watson. Sherlock is torn between frustration-
“Yes. She was very helpful at getting clients to open up. I think she’ll be an invaluable case partner someday.”
“Don’t stop on my account,” John says, opening the door. He’s tired still, clearly, circles under his eyes from the night before, but he’s smiling. His eyes flash to the corner of the room and Sherlock wonders if he sees Mary there, as Sherlock does. He’s carrying a bag that smells like Chinese carry-out from the place with the dragons painted on the door. Sherlock nods in acknowledgement and puts bow back to strings. As he plays, John sits in the chair that will always be John’s chair, no matter how long he’s gone from Baker Street. He leans back in the chair and lets his eyes close, as he had on so many other occasions done, listening to Sherlock play.
After another great loss, another painful deception, John heals. Slowly, though not as slowly as last time. He laughs, if not as freely as he used to, smiles, though not as often. He relearns Mary, relearns her body as it changes with their child. They discuss baby names, design a wavering future, and slowly he begins to forgive her. He thinks of Sherlock, often, of where he’s been taken since the night at Appledore. He thinks of Sherlock and 221B and being two against the world. He tries not to think of roads not taken, of the things neither of them managed to say. Instead, John thinks about the future. He thinks of his daughter. He cringes at the thought of telling her about Sherlock and their old adventures. Sherlock finds his way into John’s head, no matter how he tried to avoid him.
9:06 am: Mrs. Hudson mistakes Rosie’s playful shrieks for screams, enters the flat, and assumes that Sherlock has let Rosie play with his latest experiment. She is set to rights before she can make good on her very inventive (spoons were involved) threat to Sherlock’s person.
Things fall apart, the center cannot hold. The ground quite literally comes out from beneath Sherlock’s feet when 221B explodes, and it feels like Sherlock just keeps falling. Eurus emerges from the shadows of Sherrinford, from the dark forgotten recesses of Sherlock’s mind. She toys with him- her game, her dissections- and manages to force his pulse to race as quickly as his desperate mind races. When he remembers it later he recalls certain images sharply, but distorted and fractured as though reflected in broken mirror. The deaths of strangers, the brutal unfairness of it all. The ache of old wounds being prodded at. Stinging fear belying an acrid taste in his mouth like compassion chewed up, swallowed, and vomited back out again.
the strange new red-faced noise machine was and by the fact that it was another person to take John away from him. He knew it was selfish, childish, but part of him resented the infant. But then Mary was gone and there was no room for selfishness, no room to be a child when there was an actual child to take care of. His discomfort with the soiled nappies and projectile spit up evaporated and were replaced by awe at the fact of the human being in his hands. Literally, in his hands. The first time he held her after Mary, the first time he held her with the knowledge of what he owed her, Rosie fit in the crook of his arm. Her entire head-
“No. There was an interesting one brought in today, though. Attorney with personal problems. She’s very quick.”
his mind supplies helpfully. Her case is personal rather than professional- it requires… discretion. It’s also the most interesting case he’s heard all day. He finds himself intrigued- it’s a case that could involve actual legwork, leaving the flat and everything. Might even be as high as a six.
The unuttered fears that had been racing through John’s brain from the moment he woke up evaporate instantaneously. Something else creeps in to take their place- something warm and heavy that’s making John’s eyes sting. He exhales sharply, trying to force it back, not aided by the fact that he knows somewhere Mary is smiling. If she were here, he knows they’d be giggling together, that she’d insist upon taking a picture for later. But Mary’s gone, and now it’s just John watching Sherlock’s breath stir Rosie’s hair, observing from the outside how well they fit together. From where he’s standing, John feels utterly alone, on the outside looking in. The raw ache of loneliness wars with something that might be pride, witnessing the perfect creature that is his daughter, seeing Sherlock self-actualize in front of him. John watches, and more than anything wants to curl up with them, rest his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, hold Rosie in his arms and stop being alone.
Sherlock lies pressed against John’s chest, listening to him breathe. He hears when his breathing evens out. Sherlock is afraid that if he goes to sleep he will wake up and this will
“What don’t I know? Moriarty, and Mary, and Eurus, and, for God’s sake, baby-proofing your flat and taking care of Rosie  ̶̶  I know it’s all for me, Sherlock, I see that. I see
“It shouldn’t matter, it’s not as if you didn’t know.” Her voice is thick, her eyes sparkling. She looks away. “It’s so obvious, everyone’s noticed. And you, with all your deductions- you must’ve already known.”
His devotion to Rosie belongs to an entirely different form of reasoning. Rosie’s mother had died to save Sherlock. That level of sacrifice carries unknowable weight- as Sherlock had told John, it was a currency he didn’t know how to spend. The answer of how to spend it came with further reflection. Mary’s dying words to him were “Take care of Rosie.” In her final breaths as she died for him, she gave him her daughter. The title of godparent means little to men who think themselves gods- it’s a title more than it’s an obligation. Mary’s death made Sherlock understand the depth of his obligation. He owes his life to Rosamund Watson- little Rosie, asleep in her crib, not knowing that she will grow up without a mother thanks to Sherlock Holmes.
The world falls apart, but somehow it pulls itself together again, piece by piece. Euros returns to her prison, only she doesn’t return entirely alone. It’s nowhere near enough, but the shared music begins to heal lifelong wounds. It’s nowhere near enough, but it’s the best he can do. Every time he feels her eyes on him he sees John neck deep in dirty water at the bottom a steep well. He tries to quell the image with that of Eurus curled in on herself, the child alone in the sky on the sinking plane, and though he feels compassion for her plight, guilt at the lie of being able to take her home, he still feels his skin prickle every time her eyes meet his.
“Yes, but not to you.” Sherlock makes sure she’s looking at him, makes sure she can read his face plainly and can understand the next part. He has to say it right this time or he won’t get a chance to try again. “The reason she chose you for her game is the same reason she chose John and my brother Mycroft. I didn’t lie to you on the phone.” Molly is very still, and he realizes she’s holding her breath. “Molly, Euros chose you because you are one of the people I care about most in the world.”
Then Sherlock jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s, and John spent months lying awake an wondering if he hadn’t kept pushing Sherlock away, if Sherlock wouldn’t have jumped. If John had told Sherlock that he loved him, would Sherlock still be alive? John would’ve given anything to have him back, to do it right this time, to bring him closer instead of pushing him away. But time passed, as time does, and John tried to heal, tried to move on from a separation he knew was crippling. John met Mary, who was brilliant, Mary who taught him to smile again, who could make him laugh at nothing, Mary who was everything John wanted. John wasn’t okay, but he was
And then there was John Watson who remained fascinating through countless dull cases, who has been the best part of his life. Sherlock claimed he was married to his work because it was what he’d devoted his life to, but here, in the stillness of a sleeping house he is willing to admit to himself that he will choose John over work every time. Somewhere between the first time they met and this moment, where John sleeps on silently unaware, Sherlock had chosen to devote his life to John. If his existing categorical schema dictates that what he dedicates his life to is what he chooses to marry, then Sherlock has chosen to marry John Watson. Schemas are terribly useful ways to process information, filter out the boring from the necessary. John has his own set of schemas. Sherlock has never held with the absurd idea of marriage as an institution, but at least it’s part of a schema that John understands.
John gives him an odd look. “Mary’s only been gone such a short time. I don’t know if I’m ready for  ̶̶ “
Sherlock sighs and comes over to the crib. He lifts Rosie from the crib. She gurgles happily and shoves her hands into his hair, getting a firm grip. She smiles at him, and, with a glance to Mary, he smiles back. Rosie removes a hand from his hair to suck on her thumb. She watches him as though he is the most interesting thing she’s ever seen.
John is warm and soft and smells like home. Though they start off on opposite ends of the bed, Sherlock takes the first movements towards him. He scoots closer on the bed and rolls over so he’s facing John.
“You don’t need to be an ideal emotional model, Sherlock,” Mary tells him from where she hovers at the corner of the room, watching Sherlock pace and pretend he’s not pacing. “Any responsive caretaker will do.”
all have been a dream, so he doesn’t go to sleep. He listens to John’s breathing and feels the warm body pressed against him. John is so beautiful, and Sherlock has the rest of his life to learn every inch of this body, study it thousands of times in thousands of trials. He doesn’t know what he could possibly have done in his life that could have let him come to this moment. They’ve always been falling towards each other, with a slow and crushing gravity. The universe has conspired against them so many times, it only seems fair that this time it would be in their favor.
“I’m thinking about moving back into 221B,” John says without looking at Sherlock. “I wanted to know what you think.”
John is asleep upstairs. ‘Just for tonight,’ he’d managed around a jaw-splitting yawn, after the case had wrapped up after midnight, left in the hands of one of Lestrade’s less incompetent cronies so that Sherlock could address the fact that John had been asleep on his feet since they got to the police station an hour previous. Rosie had been brought along in her carrier, after Sherlock had assured John many times over that it was a burglary and the suspect wasn’t dangerous.
and it wasn’t as good as it would’ve been with Sherlock there, with that strange other piece of his life returned, but goddamnit, it was
Then John met Sherlock Holmes. Irene Adler was right- with Sherlock it wasn’t about sex- gay, straight, whatever- it wasn’t about men, it was about
John pulls away. Instantly, Sherlock’s face closes up and his eyes harden, as though that yearning had never been there. Immediately regretful, John puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, squeezes once, and says, “I’ll see you tonight, Sherlock.”
In the ruins of the flat he finds that putting the world back together again must begin with putting Molly Hooper back together again. She’s had the situation explained to her several times- by Lestrade, by John- before she’s willing to talk to Sherlock. Her willingness to talk does not translate into a willingness to make the effort to reach him. He considers approaching her at work, in the morgue where they’re both comfortable, where she won’t leave before he’s finished. Instead, he comes to her flat. At least this way if she wants to she can refuse to let him in and can have the small satisfaction of slamming the door in his face.
The bed upstairs is still empty, at Mrs. Hudson’s insistence. She knows that John belongs here, Sherlock’s overheard her trying to convince him to come back, take up his old room. (“That flat is too big for two people,” she told him, her voice echoing in from the hallway. “Too lonely.”) The sheets are clean, the room is swept and bare and waiting for John to return. There’s a play crib for Rosie in the living room, a purchase Sherlock had made, then fiddled with for hours trying to put the damn thing together. There are stuffed animal bacteria from Molly- her favorites are a ruffled green gangrene with googly eyes and a plush pancreatic beta cell- and a nest of blankets that had migrated over from John’s flat. There’s a set of baby bottles that had been a gift from Mrs. Hudson, a decade and a half old bottle warmer that had been a hand-me-down from Lestrade’s children, all consigned to their own kitchen cabinet, scrubbed clean of spilled chemicals and the remains a shattered beaker. Mycroft gave Sherlock a baby monitor (though the tag had read, ‘To Sherlock and Dr. Watson’) because of course Mycroft would equate “baby” with audio surveillance. Sherlock had agreed to childproof the kitchen and other hazard areas before John would even consider bringing Rosie over, so now there are bulbous plastic safety plugs in all the open sockets and rounded rubber corners on the sharp edges of his furniture. Somehow, Sherlock has made room in his home and his life for a child, and as he looks around at the container of formula on the kitchen table and the stuffed microbes on the floor, what he wants to say is ‘Everything I’ve done is for you, John.’
“You’re not a fool,” Sherlock tells her, as gently as he can. “You’re one of the most intelligent people I know.” That only makes her cry harder. She buries her face in her hands, curling in on herself as her shoulders shake. Sherlock is torn between wanting to reach out and not knowing how, afraid of alienating her further, or hurting her more. He doesn't know what she wants, but reminds himself that she probably doesn’t know what she wants either. In the resulting internal conflict, he finds himself frozen, watching her cry. There’s a moment of panic- how do people do this? It’s easier to reach out and try to do something than it is to do nothing and see her suffer.
From then on, on the rare occasions John Watson met a man he might be interested in, all he could think of was Arthur’s face with half the brains blown out. John would look at an attractive man and see only death. It was easier to forget, after that, and anyways, John had always preferred women.
Sherlock remembers, suddenly, leaving John’s wedding, pulling his coat on over the suit he’d worn as best man. The air was chilly, but not unpleasantly so, the music cheerful and energetic. There was laughter in the distance, the sound of a good time being had by all. Well, not all, he thought then. You’ll get over it.
7:50 am: No new cases, or at least none worth looking at. Sherlock puts Rosie in her high chair (from Harry- John didn’t like it as much as the one Mary had been given at her baby shower, so it had taken up residence at 221B) so that he may continue with an experiment involving submerging several human organs in baths of varying acidity for set increments of time to determine how acidity impacts decay. Though Rosie is initially occupied with a large pile of stuffed animals, she discovers that they’re far more fun to throw than to play with.
for Christ’s sake. He’s received to hear that it’s all for a case, and he’s happy to put the prickle of jealousy to rest. Somehow, even once he meets Charles Augustus Magnussen something still feels off, like the case is just an excuse for Sherlock to self-destruct. All the clues are starting to come together- Sherlock’s best man speech, watching him through the crowd as he left the wedding early, the nosedive after John’s wedding- the pieces are there, but John is completely unwilling to address them or try to put them together. Then the revelation of Mary’s background tears the ground out from under him and John forgets about Sherlock. He’s absorbed entirely with his-wife-the-liar, his-wife-the-killer, the pain of betrayal, the sharper pain of knowing that Sherlock’s right, that he
John looks like he wants to argue but thinks better of it. As if to prove Sherlock’s point, he yawns again, eyes watering with tiredness.
“John,” Sherlock exhales, like he’s been kicked in the chest, “John, there’s something you need to know  ̶̶ “
11:05 am: The second client, a teenager in a hoodie emblazoned with the logo of a Norwegian heavy metal band, spends half the meeting cooing over Rosie. “She’s got your eyes,” the client says. “Her mother’s, actually,” Sherlock corrects, exhaling sharply.
Molly’s eyes are bright, focused. Trying to read if he’s lying, and touched when he isn’t. “Really, Sherlock? You mean that?” she asks him, and the rawness on her face, the waver in her voice, is so vulnerable and open that he struggles not to look down.
Then Sherlock kills a man for him and it all makes sense. Everything falls into place. John asks Mary that night, when Sherlock has been incarcerated, if Sherlock is in love with him. Mary gives him that sad, knowing smile, and says, “Of course he is.” John has nothing to say to that, but he feels like he’s drowning, like he’s just watched his future be led off in chains. He has nowhere to turn but to his lying assassin wife (who is beautiful, and brilliant, and continues to be the best thing that could’ve happened to him), so he lets himself be guided into her arms, lets her stroke his hair and hold him. She can be so gentle, and even when he’s angry at her that gentleness finds a way around his defenses. He takes her to bed that night, and they make love like mourning, and he’s not sure who he’s mourning for exactly, Sherlock, or himself, or the shattered lie that Mary had created.
“But?” John asks. His eyes have gone soft, but his face is tight. He’s waiting and Sherlock doesn’t know if he can give him what he’s waiting for.
“You wanted to talk?” Sherlock prompts, handing John his fork. John is distracted velcro-ing on Rosie’s bib. Sherlock sets the fork on the table instead.
These thoughts chase each other through John’s mind through a day of work that would otherwise be tedious, made almost unbearable by the way his brain feels sluggish due to last night’s sleep deprivation. It’s a long day, made longer by the way Sherlock is taking up far too much of the space behind his eyes.
They talk about the day, John’s dull day in the hospital, Sherlock’s day with Rosie. When they’re done with dinner, Sherlock asks, “John?”
If he sometimes considered what it would be like to have sex with the man, well, that was nobody’s business but his.
John stirs himself from watching his sleeping family. (Sherlock’s term, not his, during his argument with Mycroft.
And yet. John will not raise Rosie alone- he has built himself an army of caretakers and guardians. Mrs. Hudson, Molly, the godmothers. Sherlock. Sherlock, who has already far surpassed his expectations, who (
There was a bad day. A very bad day, the kind of day you spend in blood up to your elbows with the smell of singed flesh and gunpowder burning in your nose. They lost someone, a new recruit who died in pain, in terror, on their operating table. Dark fell long before they finished the day’s work. Then the last man had been patched up and the tables had been sanitized and John had scrubbed himself clean and somehow “Well done, Watson,” wasn’t going to cut it and quite frankly, wasn’t true.
Once more, he eases the door to Sherlock’s bedroom open. They’ve hardly moved. John takes exactly sixty seconds to appreciate how wonderful they are and how much he adores them before he debates the best way to wake them up. (
It’s better than he could’ve guessed, even after all the times Molly has forgiven him. “Yes, please,” he says quietly, and she steps aside to let him in the flat. He closes the door as she rushes to silence the screaming teakettle on the stove. The new quiet is quickly filled with the tinkling of china as she digs for two mugs. She fiddles with the strings of the tea bags and clumsily singes her thumb on the kettle while she pours. With trembling hands, Molly hands him his mug, setting hers on the counter to cool. He follows her lead, putting the tea aside.
“How’s my girl doing?” John coos, and picks Rosie up, hoisting her into the air to look her over. “Mrs. Hudson said she spent all day with you.”
He rings the bell twice and waits. It’s eight o’clock on a Wednesday night. He hears the white noise of a television inside. (A talk station- company for the lonely.) It cuts off after the second ring. The floorboards creak softly (no shoes, thick socks) in the same timbre (shifting weight in place- hesitating). He waits and realizes he can’t accurately predict whether she’ll choose to let him in. Then there are footsteps (rapid, unsteady- trying not to lose her nerve) and a deadbolt slides from home, a chain rattles out of place (more rattling than is strictly necessary, her hands are shaking-) and the door opens. A single brown eye peers out of the gap. The gap doesn’t widen.
Sherlock’s mouth dries out at the proximity and he has to clear his throat. John seems unfazed, sitting at the place Sherlock had set for him.
3:58 pm: Rosie lets out an ear piercing cry that abates into a painfully shrill wail. Sherlock panics for a moment, afraid of losing his train of thought, equally afraid of not being able to calm her. The first fear has an easy solution: he simply keeps talking. He has to raise his voice to be heard, but his thoughts are still flowing freely. The second fear is less easily quelled. Carefully, he fits his hands under her arms and lifts her from the crib. She begins to quiet almost immediately. Without breaking speed, he outlines the details of the case, while gently rocking from his left foot to his right, Rosie secured against his hip. Gradually, she quiets. With his left hand he gently brushes her hair back, as he’s seen John do. He watches her as he speaks to the client, eyes fixed on Rosie’s feathery tufts of hair, the tears drying on her red face. He dries her face with his thumb (
“So how does this work?” John asks. “You can’t take the whole bed, Sherlock.” Sherlock scoots to the side he prefers.
John will leave. John will leave, taking Rosie with him, and that spark will fade and Sherlock will be alone once more.
Sherlock silently curses himself and opens the silverware drawer a little too roughly, rattling its contents. He retrieves two forks and comes back into the dining area.
“I mean it,” he tells her, because he does, and it’s proven by how helpless he feels watching Molly Hooper in pain. “I know that I’m… not the best at this whole… human emotions… thing,” and that gets him the ghost of a smile, “but you are important.” He catches himself fidgeting slightly, hands clenching and unclenching. “Important to me, I mean.”
“I’m listening,” John says. He is. His attention on Sherlock is rapt, like the face before he pulls the trigger.
During the time they lived together at 221B, John felt like he’d been trying to run away from Sherlock, trying to resist how much he needed him, how badly he wanted him in his life. There were women- who he hardly remembers- and the constant assertion to Scotland Yard, to Mrs. Hudson, to every stranger he encountered, that they weren’t a couple. John Watson is used to taking care of himself. The thought of needing anyone the way John needed Sherlock was absolutely terrifying, so John denied it. So John pushed himself away from Sherlock, trying to maintain boundaries where he could, trying to resist the way he could feel them merging together, feel Sherlock bleeding into the rest of his life. John could tell where they’d begun to fuse, could tell that a separation would be impossible, would be more than either of them could survive.
He didn’t have to say anything to that. In a single look she could read everything. She was always able to do that with John. Just look at him and know. Look at him and know that  he needed to be alone, look at him and know that they should go for a walk, just to get out, go anywhere. Look at him and coax him into renting a comedy and drinking crap beer after a bad day at work. So of course Mary knew how he felt about Sherlock.
That night, Sherlock puts Rosie to bed in her crib while John cleans up the table. When the table is clear and Rosie is fast asleep, they watch crap telly. Sherlock sits in his chair and John sits in his. Eventually John’s yawns become more frequent and Sherlock turns off the television. John gets ready for bed in the bathroom and Sherlock crawls into bed. He leaves the light on. When John comes in, after checking on Rosie, he shuts the light off.
John thought he’d fixed everything. The world was the way it was supposed to be: John was happily married, Sherlock was back on Baker St. solving cases, right where he was meant to be. John didn’t understand why it wasn’t working, why Sherlock relapsed within weeks of the wedding, why Sherlock is being reckless, and stupid, and is
7:34 am: Sherlock warms a bottle, which he feeds to Rosie while he sits at the kitchen table, scanning his blog for new cases.
Rosie squeals in delight and shoves both palms into the frothing mess. Sherlock takes her enjoyment as an opportunity to explain acid-base reactions. (“The sodium bicarbonate acts as a base, accepting a proton from the acetic acid, producing water and carbon dioxide gas.” In response to Rosie’s gurgles, he clarifies, “Bubbles.”)
“John, I… I want you however I can get you.” Sherlock decides on. “If you want to help me with cases, I want you with me. If you want to live here, then I want you here. If you want to be my best friend, then you are my best friend.”
Though Sherlock hoped that regular exposure to his Work would develop her detective skills, for the time being Rosie was content to babble in a language all her own before finally falling asleep in her carrier, her head bobbing gently against John’s chest from midway through the apprehension of the suspect and the entirety of the debrief at Scotland Yard. (Sherlock insisted to John, ‘Of course she was paying attention, didn’t you see how excited she was when they put the handcuffs on him?!’) Two a.m. found them back at 221B, John rubbing his eyes quizzically like he wasn’t sure how he’d gotten there.
“Yeah. You on a case?” John asks, scooping the bag of food from where he’d set it beside his chair and moving it to the table. He sets Rosie in her high chair and moves into the kitchen for a jar of baby food and a spoon.
11:54 am: Perhaps not so quick a break. Even with all the practice he’s had in recent months, it takes Sherlock three tries to wrangle Rosie, then get the damn sticky tabs on the diaper to stick in place. They seem to want to stick everywhere- the carpet, Rosie’s belly, Sherlock’s fingers- aside from where they’re supposed to.
) is watching Rosie right now. John still doesn’t know what to make of him volunteering to look after her.
John rolls over and puts his arm around Sherlock. “Is this okay?” he asks. Sherlock’s mouth is suddenly parched. He swallows and nods. He is sure that John can feel him nod. Sherlock presses closer still and burrows into John’s chest. “Okay?” He asks. “Okay,” John says and reaches a hand up to card through Sherlock’s hair.
Suddenly, a shrill whistle rents the air. Molly startles and starts to turn towards it but thinks better and stays where she is.
“No, not that. I don’t think I’m… I don’t think I’m ready for that either.” Sherlock can feel his face color. “I just want to go to bed with you.”
John, offering up his life even knowing he had everything to lose. Everything, of course, in the form of his month-old daughter, already motherless, soon to be orphaned if John had his way. The parts of the game that Sherlock can’t forget are the stakes- John Watson shot, John Watson drowned, another best friend murdered, another best friend gone. Only different now, due to all the things Sherlock has never managed to say. In the simplest terms, the words he carries in his chest for John Watson are engraved in the brass plate on the lid of a coffin built for Molly Hooper.
she’d said, and she’d known, of course she’d known, what that could mean. They’ve survived yet again, and emerged together from hell. At the end of the day, though, it’s less a matter of being two against the world together and more the fact that John Watson is so very,
“To be cruel?” Molly sniffs. Sherlock tears a paper towel off the roll on the counter and offers it to her. She takes it and mops at her eyes.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes, relieved. The door opens wider. Now Sherlock can see both eyes, the grey sweater and argyle socks (thick wool- earlier induction confirmed). Molly opens her mouth twice but closes it without speaking.
It’s late now, halfway between dark and dawn. The street outside is quiet, but in the distance Sherlock can make out the sounds of traffic- the last buses of the day rattling towards the station, the odd car whistling past, out of sight. Baker Street is still and silent, taking its rest at the end of a long day. It’s silly to personify it in such a fashion, but the analogy is accurate. 221 B, in particular, deserves rest. It still smells like construction- sawdust and wallpaper glue and aerosol paint- but over that there’s the smell of people, of all the thin traces clients carry on themselves and deposit on the slightly singed chairs in the siting room. The bring cigarette smoke and ocean air and the damp heat of the underground with them and they leave more behind then they mean to. On top of that, the olfactory clues about the flat’s more regular inhabitants. John Watson, with his hospital antiseptic, and something clean and male and warm that he can’t quite scrub off. Rosie, spilled baby formula and talcum powder. Home.
After everything, after being dug up from a child’s grave at the bottom of a well, after being saved once more by Sherlock Holmes, all is forgiven. John forgives Sherlock this time partially because there’s honestly nothing to forgive, and mostly because after everything they’ve been through together- the thousand cases, the shared laughter at inside jokes, the misplaced stares, the whims and obligations of the British Government, the death of the woman they both loved- when all is said and done it has always just been the two of them. Mary’s final video was absolutely right.
But then the moment is broken, and it’s just Sherlock and Molly and their fingers laced on her kitchen table.
Three o’clock finds Sherlock at his computer, solving some simple cases through his website, categorizing the rest as “BORING” and “Less Boring.” Eventually he realizes he’s hungry and calls for take away. He eats his curry in front of the computer screen, searching for something interesting and finding nothing. That’s not entirely true. There’s something infinitely more interesting asleep upstairs. In the quiet dark of the early hours, Sherlock searches for a case but all he finds is John.
“It’s alright. Thanks for looking after her.” Rosie shifts in her sleep and John begins to bounce her gently. Rosie stills once more. Over her, Sherlock’s eyes meet John’s.
Sherlock, and tried to push them back together again, and in so doing proved why she would be the woman he’d marry. John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were a package deal, even after two years apart and rough-healed wounds from a painful separation, and Mary, brilliant as she was, understood immediately what she was getting into. She tried to bring them together because Mary knew John better than he knew himself and recognized that John needed Sherlock in his life. She brought John and Sherlock together, then John married her and drove them apart again.
Mary knew. It took him months to open up about Sherlock, but when he did, Mary’s first question, after talking for a solid forty minutes over paper cups of tea on a beautiful fall Sunday in Hyde Park, was “Did you love him?”
There’s yearning, aching and strange. The way John’s laugh made Sherlock’s heart race, how watching him play with Rosie felt like witnessing everything he’d ever wanted hover just beyond his reach. That strange warmth in Sherlock’s chest watching John help Mrs. Hudson with her housework, the sting in his eyes watching John and Mary waltz on their wedding night. Then came the
“I’m sorry too,” Molly says quietly, and takes a sip of her tea. They stand in silence for some time, standing in Molly’s kitchen, drinking their tea. Molly’s staying very hard at nothing in a way that doesn’t really invite conversation. Sherlock tries to stop it, but now that it’s on that track he can’t keep his mind off everything he wants and can never have. It’s a litany of John, John’s smile, John’s words, John’s strength, John’s body. Some kind of permanence, some tie that will keep John from leaving again, like the weeks after Mary’s death, that will keep Sherlock from having to run, like the two years spent without his partner, his confidante, his friend. Mary echoes around his head, 'If I'm gone, I know what you two could become...'
Arthur’s hands tightened in the fabric of John’s shirt, a low growl surged from the depths of his chest, and for a split second John expected to be shoved away, thrown to the ground. Instead, he found himself pulled closer and kissed furiously. In the heat of the moment, it was so much more than John had ever thought it could be, on the rare occasions he found himself thinking about doing such a thing. Together, they burned. It was fast, passionate to the point of brutality. There was pain, but pain was a reminder that he was alive, so pain was welcome. John left the med-bay with bruises that he prodded the next day with deep satisfaction. He was certain he left more than a few bruises of his own.
John takes a final look at what he’s leaving behind- Sherlock and his clear eyes, his large hands, Rosie, in all her perfection, curled up in his arms. “I know,” John says, and leaves.
- at John’s apparent ignorance and fear that John would leave if he ever confronted him about it. The only thing in the world that Sherlock could not tolerate would be having to be without John Watson again, after everything they’ve survived together. Sherlock never thought he’d have a friend- he certainly never thought he’d experience something so quintessentially human and emotional as romantic love. He’s compared his experience with experiences he’s heard described, he’s filtered it through the schemas of Eros, and there’s another pattern emerging. Emerged, really, though how long ago, he’s not comfortable saying. Remembering the persistent constriction in his chest at John’s wedding, like being deprived of air and dying very slowly, the pattern emerged quite some time ago. Mary’s words echo around a sealed wing in his Mind Palace: “If I’m gone, then I know what you two can
He returns to Baker Street. The flat is in splinters and shambles and soot, and he finds himself choking on it a little. There’s so much work to be done. But he knows in time the structural damage will be repaired, the wallpaper rehung, the books returned to their shelves. What matters is the work, the fact that two days after the return from the ancestral home at Musgrave he finds a client (hair part says retired, left hand reads widowed, with the skin of a longtime smoker, gas flame blue eyes, and a speed about him that means “thief”) waiting outside under the 221. His case is resolved within twenty minutes, but what matters is that people still know where to find them, Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson and 221B together again, and the chaos, the burns, the shattered world around him mean so little when he can come home to that.
). When he’s finished speaking, deductions falling from his lips on autopilot, he looks at the client. Her eyebrows are raised,but she’s smiling- impressed in spite of herself.
Sherlock doesn’t say. He just thinks it very loudly. Mary puts a hand on his shoulder then disappears into his Mind Palace.
So Arthur clapped John on the shoulder, a little too rough, like he was seeking an anchor, and before he could pull his hand away, John muttered “Don’t.” John himself wasn’t sure if it referred to the “Well done, Watson,” that was probably coming, or if he was telling Arthur not to pull away. Whichever it was, Arthur got it. He didn’t say anything to John- he didn’t have to. Their wordless understanding extended beyond the operating table. They looked at each other for a moment, Arthur’s hand spread warm over John’s back, and the lightning that usually struck with Arthurs smile instead was sparking in his eyes. After hours of violence and death, John would’ve given anything to feel just a little of the life he could see in Arthur’s eyes. So he kissed him.
“Please don’t make me say it,” Sherlock grits out. “This is… humiliating. If you’re going to reject me then please do so without me having to admit this. You have to know. I know your powers of observation are not on the same level as mine, but John, there is no way that you don’t know. Everyone knows. Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, Molly Hooper, Moriarty, even bloody Eurus and she has absolutely no social understanding, but even she could see it  ̶̶  ”
and still not know would be beyond torture. Sherlock has been tortured before in all the ways that count, but that would be the very worst. To have John in his home   ̶̶  in their home  ̶̶  and still not be able to be with him the way he wants would probably kill Sherlock. Sherlock has rehearsed this conversation with himself every night since John started helping him with cases again, but he still doesn’t know what to say.
Rosie seems to sense his restlessness and watches him, bored of her stuffed diseases. She coos at him and stretches her hands out to be held. Sherlock considers all the reading he’s been doing on juvenile brain development, ponders Rosie’s early life numerous mirror neurons, which will largely be lost to synaptic pruning, and how at the age of less than one year she is at a critical window for social development. She needs a responsive caretaker, someone who can mirror her emotional expressions back to her. Sherlock is not an ideal model for emotional development, and this shortcoming pains him.
So brief a mourning period, and yet… From the moment he met Sherlock his life has been a matter of falling towards him, falling together. Death itself had failed to keep them apart.
She doesn’t reply, but her single visible eye is blinking rapidly. She’s gone still, the floorboards beneath her quiet. For a moment he almost expects her to slam the door in his face.
12:15 pm: Sherlock puts Rosie in her high chair again and feeds her lunch- a baby food jar of peas and a pouch of pulverized fruit. Half of it winds up on his shirt when she spits it out. He can’t blame her- he’s never been terribly fond of peas himself. Since he still isn’t on a case he makes himself a bread sandwich. (He hasn’t bought groceries in a while.)
9:36 am: The first client of the day arrives in a dusty overcoat, with alarmingly long fingernails and dyed hair with grey roots. The client does not seem to either notice or care that Sherlock conducts their entire session with a baby strapped to his front.
“I’m thinking about moving back into 221B,” John says without looking at Sherlock, instead engrossed with impaling a piece of broccoli on his fork. “I wanted to know what you think.”
4:14 pm: The client shakes his hand when she leaves, after he’s returned Rosie to her carrier, hanging on his chest. “Thank you,” she says. She has a knack for eye contact- one of those stares that makes you quiet down and listen. Rosie is cooing happily from her carrier. “Your daughter?” the woman asks. “My partner’s,” Sherlock says, and doesn’t specify. “Your partner is a lucky man, Mr. Holmes,” she tells him, and winks her goodbye.
“Beautiful,” John grins, and comes over to gather Rosie. Sherlock sets the violin in its case then helps John undo the fastenings of the carrier. Rosie reaches her arms out, eager to see her father after being apart all day.
Rosie is playing in her crib. She has decided not to throw her stuffed diseases and instead arranges the fluffy microbes one way and then another. She chews tooth-lessly on the Black Plague. Sherlock paces.
By the time the sky starts to darken through the windows of 221B, Sherlock is restless. Restless is often the word to describe Sherlock. Sometimes he feels like the thrum of a pulse, something vital and constantly in motion, too certain and innumerable to be seen by the naked eye. Sherlock is pulsing now, thrumming with barely contained energy. He is lying in wait for John’s footsteps on the stairs. Every tick of his watch sends tremors up his arm. When thousands of seconds have ticked by and John still isn’t there he removes the watch and sets it on the mantle. Even from there, he can feel every second hit him with Swiss clarity and precision from the machinations of the timepiece. He flips it over so he can’t see the movements of its hands.
now, can read the subtext in everything Sherlock says. Sherlock says there’s something he needs to tell John, and John understands. Sherlock plays it as a joke, and it’s a mercy, really, that Sherlock isn’t leaving John by dropping that particular bomb. It remains unspoken, but John hears it anyway. John has wife and a baby on the way, there’s nothing he can offer in return. Perhaps Sherlock’s mercy is for himself as well, sparing himself from rejection.
There’s no good way to give voice to the chaos building in John’s head, a confusion of yearning and loneliness and paralyzing fear that he’s going to get it all wrong with Sherlock, worse, with Rosie, that he’s going to fail them both. There’s calm at the eye of the storm: the persistent image of the two of them fast asleep this morning, the almost painful pull to stop thinking for long enough to join them in bed, pull them close and refuse to let go.
comes to mind. He ignores it.) He decides to just get Rosie- it’s Mrs. Hudson’s day, and he can drop her off on his way to work. He approaches the bed softly, fits his hands under her arms and lifts her gently, sitting her against his hip. She wakes slightly, blue eyes blinking open then closing once more. Her tiny fingers grab at the air for purchase, finally embedding themselves in John’s shirt. John smiles before he can help it and uses his finger to comb through the mess of her hair, pick at a small green spot where dinner must’ve landed the night before. By the time the green spot has been obliterated, Sherlock has opened his eyes and is observing John and Rosie quietly.
He wonders if she knew something he didn’t, clever as she was. Clever as she is, the version of her that Sherlock talks to when he changes Rosie’s diapers, when John is sleep-deprived and ill-tempered, or when he’s eating take-out alone between cases in a flat that really ought to hold two (or three) people.
- was dwarfed by the hand cradling it. She was warm, soft, and painfully fragile. For a few moments he froze in sheer terror at the thought of the innumerable ways he could hurt her by accident, just by not paying attention. His thoughts fled to greenstick fractures and cranial damage, pinched fingers, how absurdly small her toes were, how Mary was gone and what the hell was he supposed to do, how on earth was he supposed to do this, he’d failed her, failed Mary, failed John, but most importantly failed Rosie-
) will ever take the place of her mother, Sherlock is trying his best to be the kind of parent she deserves. John notices what Sherlock is doing, what every action says. He’s trying to be everything John needs, and he is by and large succeeding. It’s more than John would’ve hoped for, and far more than he would ever think to ask for. This isn’t the life he’d planned, and it isn’t the life he would’ve thought he’d wanted, but it’s the life he has, and he will happily take it.
parts,” he would say) he has been married to his Work. He called it a marriage because it was what he had committed himself to, for better or worse, richer or poorer, till death do they part. It was the closest he thought he’d ever come to the kind of matrimonial solidarity experienced by normal people. He never thought there would be a person he’d want to devote his life to.
Even more vividly, the moments burned into his brain, imprinted by adrenaline. Looking for Mycroft’s slick beating heart through the tailored grey wool of his waistcoat. The sweat on Sherlock’s palms, the way his hands shook around the grip of the gun as he realized the truth and the guilt of the choice he couldn’t make: that he would choose to save John Watson every time.
and Dr. John Watson and they were worth far more together than apart. It was about the fact that John needed Sherlock, just as much as Sherlock needed John. After everything they’ve been through and emerged from together, that had been thoroughly proven.
I love you, he doesn’t say. Instead, he aims the gun away from Mycroft, away from John, and presses the barrel into the bare skin under his own chin (below the fragile bone of his skull and soft tissues of his brain) and hopes that they both understand the truth in the words he isn’t saying.
- and his heart is pounding painfully before he reaches the landing. There’s a steely calm setting in, the calm that John called on as a Captain, when fear is allowed only insofar as it is useful. Hands steady, John opens the door to the downstairs, strides purposefully to the crib in the living room only to find it empty. John swallows back something rising in his throat and searches the rest of the flat. The kitchen and bathroom yield no sign of either Rosie or Sherlock. John isn’t sure if that makes him more or less nervous. Sherlock has been doing well with his goddaughter- excellent, really, better than even John could’ve expected- but he’s still Sherlock. The only room John hasn’t examined is Sherlock’s bedroom, the door to which is closed. Forcing himself to breathe, John crosses the hallway. The only sound is the creaking of the boards under his feet. No sound from behind the door. The knob is cold in his hand. It creaks sharply when he turns it. The door swings wide, John ducked behind it as though for cover, old reflexes setting in, then he’s inside the room, and for a moment John forgets to breathe.
“I’m sorry I can’t give you what you want.” He doesn’t say, ‘I’m lonely too.’ He tries not to think of Mary Watson dying in John’s arms. He fails not to think of that final image of the two of them, the two who will always be two, Sherlock alone in his grief, alone in his longing. Instead, he thinks of John Watson and his sure hands, his clever eyes, his girlfriends, his dead wife, his daughter, all the women he’s loved. Sherlock knows a thing or two about not getting what you want.
They meet on the tarmac as Sherlock prepares to board a plane that will take him far away from John. John doesn’t know for how long. That’s one more on the list of Things John is Trying Not to Think About. They’re on the blacktop, and they’re talking without saying anything, but John
John has always liked women. The men in his outfit called him “Three Continent Watson,” and not without good reason. But occasionally there were men that he noticed. Not enough to try anything with them, just a physical awareness that he wouldn’t
John sighs. “There was always something in the way. People. Me. You. Then you were dead, and then there was Mary. And now… Now it’s just us, Sherlock. It’s the two of us against the world and we’ve always been together in that. But now?” John looks straight at Sherlock, and he feels Seen, like John can see every thought he’s ever had, like John can see what Sherlock thought about last night at four in the morning, like he can see everything that Sherlock’s ever wanted and knows that he is everything Sherlock has ever wanted. “Now there’s nothing in the way. Just you and me, back to back, fighting off everything the universe can throw at us.”
He is so immersed in the piece and in social mirroring that he can no longer feel the ticking of his watch on the mantelpiece. He stops counting the seconds until John arrives, which is why he’s surprised when he hears a knock at the door.
At six-thirty the next morning, John is woken by his phone alarm. He doesn’t notice until after he’s shut it off that it’s on a different nightstand than usual, that it echoes more loudly in a room much smaller than the one he shared with Mary. Then, he remembers. The case, Sherlock, Rosie asleep downstairs. 221B is silent- when he lived here with Sherlock John would’e welcomed the reprieve from the rattling, crashing, splintering, banging noises of Sherlock in the throes of boredom, but with Rosie here the quiet is unnerving. Rubbing sleep from his eyes, John checks the baby monitor on the nightstand. Nothing, not even white noise. Someone’s shut the monitor off.
love her because of all the reasons he should despise her. He’s fixated on Mary, on the child she’s carrying, on the fact that everything he knows about her is a lie, so he forgets about Sherlock’s strange behavior.
“If you’re sure.” John helps Sherlock collect Rosie. She moves about for a moment, confused at the change, before returning to sleep in Sherlock’s arms. John bends and kisses her forehead, mumbles “Love you, Rosie, bye bye” into her hair. When he straightens, he is caught off guard by his proximity to Sherlock. His face is closer than John had thought, his eyes bright. For just an instant, John thinks of kissing Sherlock goodbye too. It would be easy- shift his weight to his toes, lean in, they’re close enough that it could almost happen by accident. Sherlock inclines his head, and the distance is halved. They’re breathing the same air, caught between them. It would be easy, and John is leaving, they needn’t discuss it now, Sherlock’s eyes are soft, and when he looks at him John doesn’t know how but he realizes that Sherlock is thinking the same thing. His face is open, hopeful, and John can’t quite bear to do this to him right now, to leave him for the day and not explain. There’s a conversation that needs to happen, but it’s not one that can happen now if John wants to be at work on time.
A fine Friday morning, Sherlock comes home to a John sitting on the lounge, a cup of tea in hand while the other massages his temple. He allows a smile at the sight, his flatmate's presence proving to be quite reassuring to have around. He approaches John's armchair with a grin only seeming to widen by the second.
I do apologise for my absence. It was two days ago that I last gripped the pen and talked to you, but you have to understand I've only just finished solving this fascinating new case Gordon brought in. Do not worry your funny little brain, I'll tell you all about it.
I keep finding myself writing these funny little things at the oddest hours. I usually do it when it's too late to play the violin or when I'm feeling particularly bored. It has come to be some form of entertainment, I suppose. And I do have to confess that addressing these to you make me feel like you are closer to 221B than you actually are. It's like talking to my skull, or the cold spot of your chair, or that silly balloon you left for me, but less idiotic and much more sentimental. I should probably reconsider.
Terms of endearment have proved greatly endearing, indeed. I confess to taking a slight liking to them. Make sure to think up as many as you can while you're away.
”, Sherlock repeated, voice firmer this time. His gaze had subconsciously darted downwards once again, and John felt another string twitch inside him as he was not able to see those mesmerising icy blues stare back at him any more. He laughed as he registered Sherlock's ridiculous answer.
“Is there anything else?”, he asks, and his voice is small, unsure, and he sounds and looks so young when he's not abusing his brain with complicated theories and solving crimes, and it makes a string inside John twitch with satisfaction that he's the only one who gets to see him like that.
When he enters his old flat, provided to him by the post-war fare, he sets his stuff down and collapses on the bed. A moment later, it's as if he had time-traveled, as he now found himself awake from yet another nightmare, jolted out of bed with sweat dripping down his forehead and tears mixing in further down the cheeks, eyes wide with shock. Sure, he'd gotten used to them, but why now of all times? The realisation hits him moments later, after he's brewed a kettle to calm himself down. The realisation that the fact that he was so shocked was not because of the context of the nightmare,
“And that's only because I, well, I just came back from the war and living with you, it's too much for me. At least for now, I think my mentality needs a break, and, living with you is not...”
, even. Maybe he did. At this rate, it was impossible to know the difference between fake and real, wrong and right, death and life. All he knew was that, whether real or not, his best friend, the ever-knowing detective genius, was lying face down and stone cold on some dirty pavement, completely, and utterly,
I've decided to keep John away for the war for an entire year in this fic, so obviously Sherlock's letters will be a lot. For this reason, not all of them will be posted individually for now, and skipped letters will most probably appear later on in the story.
He tries not to think about how John is still in 221B right this moment, that he still hasn't packed, that he still hasn't burst their little bubble of flat-sharing and crime-solving, except he had. The moment he announced his moving out, Sherlock decided he hated him and wanted him out of the house so he could go back to living alone in the flat and doing whatever the fuck he wanted in it. He tries not to think about how easy it would be to turn around and run back to Baker Street, tell John what an influence he's had on him in just the span of a month, beg him to stay, make Mycroft pay him to stay,
The taller man grabs the half-empty bowl with shaky, damp hands and almost drops it immediately, making John rush to his side to take it from him with a glare. “
He tries not to think about what Sherlock had looked like on the pavement of St Bartholomeow's with bruises and cuts leaking blood out of his face in every possible direction. He tries not to think about how beautiful he looked even at his last moments. He tries not to think about his cold hand slipping from his grip and the coat he was wearing dancing dramatically on the dirty, blood-thick ground. He tries and tries, but he can't help himself. His new therapist gives him sleeping pills to help him rest and he downs a couple each time to make the slumber come to him faster. He craves the sleep, the hour-lengthy slip from reality where he can think of Sherlock and be with him, only to wake up in cold sweat afterwards. But it's still worth it. A minute on this earth without Sherlock Holmes is a minute not worth spending. And if he has a chance to pass minutes and hours blacked out with Sherlock Holmes in his arms? John won't miss it for the world. Sometimes, the strong doses of medicine and the deep strain of his nerves is worth it all, even as the dreams get more gruesome by the day.
Two on duty policemen go on patrol with their two respective police dogs somewhere on the outskirts of London. One of the dogs discovers a single cut-off finger lying on the grass. The only places nearby are a small grocery shop, an old-fashioned café and a couple of houses. There is no further evidence but when questioned, the residents of the two houses said they had seen nothing, the café owner said he only worked during the day and the man from the grocery store explained he had only opened a few nights ago after a vacation and had not noticed anything suspicious. What happened?
It has become muscle memory to come here. Three-hundred steps, two crossroads and seven alleyways away from Baker Street, the abandoned workshop packed with junkies strolling on the creaky wooden floor in cloud nine. Sherlock's favourite place, his go-to when in distress, his precious supplement of highly dangerous drugs. He rushes in, snatches a pouch of cocaine, sniffs it, and crashes face down on a dirty, dusty mattress. Who cares. It's better than home. It's better than a bed in a house previously shared with John Watson. And it's not like he has anything better to do; John will be out in no time and will never contact him again. John will stop worrying about him and forget him to go live a normal life. John is not going to wait for him to come back.
“Oh, brilliant, you are not blind. Was worried there for a second”, the look of pride on John's face immediately fell. Of course, it was Sherlock Holmes we're talking about, Of course he made himself look like an idiot again. Damn him and his perfectly functioning brain and his massive intellect. “The deduction would have been to figure out why I did all of those things, John. Now, would you mind?”, he says and motions down the hallway and away from his room.
). There were times when he thought the famous detective might actually be a phantom of sorts. All these impossible deductions, the genius epiphanies, all seems almost too good to be true. These times, were almost every night this year.
John darts his gaze across the snow-littered houses and white trees. The bright snow makes him think of Sherlock more than he already was, which was an accomplishment, so to speak, considering the fact that the torn old sod had his mind tormented by the dark and curly detective every passing second of the day, every day. His skin was as pale as snow, it had always been, glowing so beautifully in the dark of their apartment late at night when John found no sleep and wandered into the living room just to see him standing there, like a ghost, violin in hand, deep in his thoughts (
. He was demanding Sherlock Holmes of answers. John did not know whether he should feel proud of his braveness or disappointed of his stupidity. After all, braveness was the perfect nice word to describe stupidity, as Mycroft so kindly had reminded him when he first met Sherlock years ago.
It has only been about two weeks now and I already find myself in the unfortunate position of needing to consult my doctor (
“Sherlock?”, John calls, and Sherlock flinches, then looks at him. “Is everything alright?”, he asks, and Sherlock's eyes widen for a split second before he forces a smile and eats more of the soup.
. The flat was filled with all sorts of people; shy and awkward Molly Hooper, amazing-as-always Mrs Hudson, tired but thankful Lestrade, quite-frankly-annoying Jane or whatever-her-name-was that was John's girlfriend at the time, cliché-loving John, and then there was Sherlock, most important Sherlock, beautiful, beautiful Sherlock, sulky, witty Sherlock, soft and
When he feels his lungs squeeze and his breaths can only come ragged, he excuses himself and leaves the place with steps heavier than hard rocks. He dashes out onto the busy streets of London and runs until his knees almost give out as he reaches his destination. And with slow, tentative steps towards it, he comes to a halt.
George just brought me a fresh case. I've only just read what it's about. It seems good enough for a couple of hours of work. By the end of the day, I'll be in desperation of another that won't come so keep in mind that I'll be bored again.
), so it was a piece of cake to figure out what's been bothering his best friend, and he swore he would figure it out. He was Sherlock bloody Holmes, he could not possibly not figure it out. At that, his eyes sparkled with bliss, and John was almost sure he could see a small lit lamp on the side of his head. Sherlock did it then, the most Sherlock thing he could have ever done, that half-smile of smugness that screamed
, flat, feels the sudden urge to wait for Sherlock to come back, to say a last goodbye to him, to explain that he's
But that wasn't just it; he knew Sherlock loved the snow. He'd always denied it, said it was just ordinary bulky water, that it was common, basic, that it didn't excite him. But John knew so much better, oh, John knew so so much better, because he always saw -- always noticed the glint of bliss in the mad genius's icy blue orbs whenever small flakes danced around the London sky, or the tiny, breathy giggle of delight at the feel of cold whiteness against his black dress shoes as he walked around Central London, audible to only those who dared to listen for it. But, nevertheless, no matter how hard John pressed, Sherlock would always deny it, for some odd reason. And after specs of fluffy ice tinted the windowsills, all John could do was smile fondly at him and drag him outside anyway, despite his protests. Sherlock would proceed putting up his facade until John squashed a snowball onto his long, heavy coat, and then he'd fake an overdramatic gasp, and that would be it -- John would fall into an endless pit of laughter, and the detective would prepare a remarkably bigger snowball aimed his away as he did the same. Whenever they'd finished their little break, usually hours later, Sherlock would be out of breath, with chapped pink lips and a beautiful flush across his cheeks and nose, curls ruffled and crazy with white spots covering most of their maroon mess. It truly was unbelievable, and impossibly endearing, how a good snowball fight could reduce the stone-cold detective to a flushed giggling child. John loved the sight more than he ever admitted he did.
. A final lock of his beautiful grey blues with his own and then nothing. Just pure nothingness. Just a body, pliant and dead, pale silky skin littered with dark blood and icy blues now lifeless and gone. His wrist held no pulse, his dark curls planted on a head with a non-functioning brain inside. John had looked at him and his own heart had stopped. His eyes were wide and his hands flied everywhere, trying to get a hold of him, anything that's him, even a cold, lifeless finger, and after a tight grip of his left hand he was dragged back and away from the man he so dearly loved. The man who had saved him. The man who was now rotting away in the sharp clean morgue of St. Bart's. He felt like screaming. He wanted to scream.
, he'd say. Thinking about it, however, he figured the peculiar detective had most probably occupied his mind with some kind of case or conspiracy theory  instead, and would not have space in his memory palace for a proper response to give to John. Knowing well enough he wasn't to respond any time soon, he knocked again.
I have decided not to sign the dates on each of these. If you asked me why, I would most probably say I do not know. Since you won't be reading these, I might as well tell you that that is a lie. I don't want to keep track because I don't want to be reminded of the endless supply of letters that I will definitely have written until you finally come back. Inside my head, despite me knowing the truth, I still like to think that you'll be back soon. Until then...
”, Sherlock interrupts, knowing fully well where this conversation was going. Honestly speaking, he didn't have the strength to listen to John's apologies of pity and sentiment.
Sherlock didn't budge, staring right at John who locked his gaze with that shit-eating patience that irritated him even more. Finally, he looked down at his sweating hands and back up at John. “It's too hot”, he mumbled, and John shook his head.
Sherlock nodded and turned around, making his way back to his room. John quickly stood up and went after him.
, a chair put there for him and him only, and now it will be there for no one, or maybe it won't be there at all. Maybe Sherlock will get rid of it so he doesn't have to be reminded of him every time he enters the lounge -- and waits. He waits and waits, minutes, hours pass by, and Sherlock is still not back to 221B and he's getting fairly worried. What if Sherlock's had an accident? What if he's in danger? John knows he shouldn't care but damn him, he does. He cares for this peculiar curly-haired mad detective of a roomate.
, but because of the fact that over his stay in 221B, he had stopped having them drastically. And if that was the case, then...
How is it up there? I hope you spend Christmas somewhere warm with friends. Don't miss my melodies too much, will you?
“Do not forget, Sherlock, I served in the military. I know how to name every single bone of your body while breaking them”
John scoffed. “Oh, I'm distracting you, am I”, he muttered, not interested in picking a fight at this hour. “Sherlock, have you eaten anything today?”, he asks instead, knowing fully well the answer but still feeling the need to express his concern. He can hear something shuffling from the inside, and after a few moments it stops, as if it never happened.
Instead he runs, as fast as he can, crossing the road carelessly, the drivers' and pedestrians' screams of horror as he's almost hit by a bus muffled from the volume of his mind deleting John Watson from its hard drive. Except he can't, he can't delete John Watson no matter how hard he tries. John is like a virus, stuck in his mind and contaminating it with thoughts and daydreams about situations that would never happen, because John is about to leave and nothing is stopping him. Sherlock runs a little faster when his mind corrects him, telling him that John is not a virus, but rather a lifeline, his salvation, there to clear his mind off toxic thoughts and harmful intentions. He almost stumbles when it tells him that he needs John Watson to keep him right, or else he'll fall into a dark venomous pit with no way to climb out of.
, is he going to miss her. Mrs Hudson was always so good to him and Sherlock alike, and she took care of him just before John moved in for which he supposes he was grateful. He hopes she doesn't miss him too bad.
Sherlock lets his gaze linger a little longer than should have, but nods anyway, turning back to his soup. A few gulps later, he starts sweating dangerously again, and John's eyes narrow as he sets his spoon down on the wooden table.
. John swore he'd never forgive them for forgetting him. It didn't once cross his mind that all the others were missing the detective so terribly, just like him, only they had lives beside him, and needed to find ways to cope in order not to fall completely out of line. In his mind, his tired,
, he thinks. Not the Sherlock Holmes with the funny hat, the superhuman intelligence, the Reichenbach Hero. Sherlock Holmes, with the dissembled body parts, unhealthy habits, witty comebacks and unwashed dishes.
' John, it is from now on. I might consider different terms of affection through my letters, too. How would you fancy '
“You better be” -- like he doesn't care, like he could do without a flatmate and partner in crime, like what they had for a month now meant nothing. Sherlock supposes it didn't seeing as John is leaving.
“Yes, I would very much mind. I may not be Sherlock Holmes but I know when something is wrong and I am inclined to help you. Now come on”, replies John, and Sherlock rolls his eyes but complies any way, stretching his back as he closes the door behind him. They walk down the hallway, with John occasionally checking up on him to make sure he's following.
You see, Christmas was always about spending time with your family and friends, and your most loved ones, and your annoyingly decent neighbours, and the barking dogs down the block, all in peace, singing Christmas carols, eating delicious food, and drinking champagne until passed out or giggling frantically, or worse. That's what it was supposed to be, just a party of lovely people gathering together, sharing wishes and giving gifts and being
John had only agreed to come to Molly's to celebrate because he didn't want to see another disappointed look on any of his friends' faces. He was so sick and tired of those, their pity, and even though they were all Sherlock's friends too, John knew they were somewhat over it already. They'd celebrated like nothing was wrong and John felt his empty stomach clench at their insincerity.
“Eat”, simply said Sherlock, and John furrowed his eyebrows, heel of his foot tapping irritatingly against the floor. “Stop doing that. It's distracting”
, John thinks. He knew for a fact that Sherlock hadn't been eating or sleeping properly, that he'd increased the number of nicotine patches per day, and that he was slowly but surely slipping away, and he knew he had to stop it from happening, but he didn't know how. He looked around, trying to think of something to say, when the door in front of him suddenly opened wide, forcing his gaze to lock with the taller man standing in behind it.
“What do I need to do?”, Sherlock reluctantly asks, and the spark of amusement in John's eyes makes him regret being pulled down there for the absolutely useless reason of
John looks quite surprised to see him there, as if he wasn't aware Sherlock had come back. He adjusts himself on his chair, before deciding he'd better stand up. He straightens his clothes and clears his throat. “Uh, Sherlock, hi”
“I don't think so”, John defends, and he brings his hands to his hips as he looks at Sherlock with his lips tightly shut. “You're going to help me make my trademark soup”
, he would in fact figure him out like he always did. He allows himself a bittersweet smile at the thought.
John, I think I may die of boredom. It almost seems as if all the clever criminals have retired after your leave for the war. If that's the case, you better return shortly.
Sherlock looks at John one last time before bolting down the stairs and exiting the apartment complex, feeling like he's alone in the world, a single black rose amidst the pretty red ones. He doesn't look back, not even once, he can't stand the sight of Baker Street disappearing into the horizon behind him, not when this Baker Street had come to be associated with one John Watson, the one person that made Sherlock feel less alienated and the one person that was now abandoning him for the exact reason that he is, in fact, an alien amongst men and women. He's not normal, he's not ordinary. He's eccentric and egoistic and too bloody intelligent for morons like John Watson. He tells himself that, he resorts to anger instead of sadness (
“Is this necessary?”, he asks with a sigh, and John gives him a look that says Shut up, Sherlock. “Where are you taking me?”
Writing to you has become somewhat of a daily routine. It feels like keeping a diary, since no one is reading these letters anyway. Though, I do suspect Mrs Hudson reads them while I'm away. Well, it's only so much she gets out of them, declarations of boredom and case-solving. Nothing out of the ordinary.
It's been a month but still no interesting cases. Lestrade brings in small ones once in a while, a burglary, a kidnapping, an over-dramatic death from an overly ambitious amateur. There is nothing to keep me on my feet, so I don't get up at all. I think I've been eating a few meals the week due to the lack of need to use my brain intricately. It was oddly alright at first but now I'm as bored as I'll ever be. I've also been playing the violin a lot, composing at the weirdest of hours, as Mrs Hudson suggests. I don't understand why she'd say that, I usually play before the sun comes up.
The conclusion John comes to is that the sky is not allowed to snow when Sherlock Holmes isn't there to caress it with his bony fingers, and his dark curls spotted with cold white flakes.
? Did Molly give you the results of the tests? Oh, what am I saying, of course I'm not dying, I would have known, then--”
In all honesty, I've been bored. And I do not know why I'd need to swear my honesty when saying this, since I'm sure you know me so much so as to believe me. Cases have never been more dull, John. I think I can feel my brain vaporise.
, always on his way. “No, I--- I get it, you think I'm too weird, you want to live a normal civilian life without having to watch over me and my peculiarities. I get it.”
Approximately twenty minutes later, he turns the stove off and serves the soup into two bowls. He puts them on the table, arranges them perfectly, and nervously calls for Sherlock. He didn't know why all of a sudden calling him down to have supper is such a big deal, and quite frankly it probably isn't, but it surely feels like it when Sherlock comes down with his hair even messier than before, panting. He looks up at him with his mouth agape, observes how his lips are chapped and parted with heavy breaths coming out of them and how his eyes sparkle, and he has to close his eyes to make sure his sanity is still resting well inside his head and not running off because of Sherlock
, John would be on his feet with his fist down their throats and a few good bone-breaking punches within the second. No one, in the entirety of the word, would ever be able to fill the void that Sherlock Holmes had left behind.
“You are helping me decide what we'll have for supper”, John explains, and as soon as he sees Sherlock's mouth opening, he gives him the look again as a warning to not say a word.
“No, uhm-- I, uh, leave the rest to me”, he stutters, and Sherlock doesn't spare him a second glance before bolting back to his room. John's fist collides with the kitchen table, feeling angry with himself that he couldn't manage to keep Sherlock entertained and out of his room for more than ten minutes, and he sighs heavily.
I had better get to it now, so stop keeping me from it, will you? I'd also like to see you solve it on your own, you're probably so bored up there.
, no one elses. That was just the way it was and nothing or no one could change that. It was simple, he recalled, but so heart-warming, with Sherlock playing his violin oh-so-perfectly, as he always was, right next to the overly-decorated fireplace, and with Sherlock making the whole room awkwardly stare within each other, because of his deductions, those damn, correct,
special, that he's an ordinary idiot like the rest of the world, that it's for the better that he left, that he was just a bother to him and not someone to look forward to waking up with every single day. No, John Watson was
. John considers calling him, and decides against it. He considers calling Lestrade and decides that that is a far worse decision. So he resorts to waiting. When nighttime comes around, he's fairly sure Sherlock has just gone out for the entire day, maybe to visit his family, or a lover. He tells himself that, he lets the reassurance wash over him at the thought of Sherlock tucked in safe spending the night at someone's place, and gets up. If Sherlock is not going to show up, he might as well leave. And he does, he takes his luggage in hand, and with one last look to his flat for a month, shuts the old door close behind him. When he ascends down the stairs, he sets the keys down on Mrs Hudson's coffee table with a frown and leaves for good.
“I don't need help, but since you're offering so kindly, I could use an extra hand. Come on”, he makes his way back to the kitchen and hears Sherlock groan but follow him anyway, and something about having this much control over Sherlock, The stubborn, odd, high-functioning sociopath Sherlock, made him want to grin, but he suppressed it, thinking of it as silly.
leaving because of his poor flat-sharing manners and the unwashed laundry and the human-flesh-involving-experiments, so he does. By now he's finished packing, so he sits on his chair --
“Sherlock?”, but he received no response, so he spoke up again. “Are you planning on staying there for the rest of the day?”, again, no response. He sighed as he imagined what Sherlock would be thinking,
, John thought. He knew and he wasn't ever going to let him live it down. “I don't know what you're talking about”, he mutters, and gulps down a big spoon of soup. Now, it only tasted like poison, scratching at his neck, choking him, and he was sure Sherlock was definitely convinced now had he not been before. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Look, Sherlock. I may not be the world's only consulting detective but I know how humans work, okay? And, whether you like it or not, you're human too, and my best friend, so I know something's wrong and you better tell me now before I turn to different methods”
. John had cried so hard while clutching one of Sherlock's huge coats that night that he passed out for the entirety of the day ahead of him.
Gabrel came rushing to 221B today to show me one of the most interesting cases I've ever encountered. The body of a little boy was found lying on the wooden floor of some abandoned workshop near Brixton. The forensics team said he was about five to seven years old and was only recently reported missing. All around it where smeared glittery liquids and ground herbs, and,  you won't believe this, right around the boy's damaged head, was a messy circle of blood-drawn pentagrams.
He sits down himself and smiles at Sherlock for a brief moment, before picking his own spoon up and testing his creation. It seemed fine for him, it was warm, salty and strong, just how John makes it, and even though it's not Sherlock's favorite, he still doesn't mind it. He thinks, he can't possibly mind if John is the one to have made it, especially if it was intended for him. A couple of minutes and a few spoons later, John looks over at Sherlock only to see him sweating alarmingly lot, shirt clinging tighter to his chest and curls glued on his forehead.
“Go on, then”, says Sherlock, a small, v-shaped smile still evident on his lips. John looks extremely guilty upon noticing it.
The case is about a woman found dead in the bathroom of her own pub in Yardley Street. Her hair was covered in blood with little injuries and her possessions and jewelery were missing. Scotland Yard is suspecting accidental homicide on theft but Lestrade wants me to take a look too. Good for him, because they are wrong as always. I haven't solved it yet but I know those idiots would rather blame it on simple, investigation-less excuses, than do their jobs properly.
David Howard and Arthur Allerton, two college students, were found bound and gagged inside their shared apartment, which had been sprayed with accelerant and put on fire by their killer. The remainings of their bodies showed deep wounds all over the burnt skin, with more than two hundred stabs found on each man. The forensics team said the stabbing were prior to the fire, which indicates strong motives for the double murder since it would take a considerable amount of time and effort to torture the two of them to death. While there were no leads as to who could have done it, I managed to trace the murder's footprints through the pool of blood on the floor. Turns out, the murderer was Howard's ex-boyfriend, who very falsely believed the two flatmates were together. Predictable, really. Love really is a vicious criminal motive.
Holmes. He clears his throat and gestures at the table, and Sherlock immediately occupies the seat John wanted for himself, but he doesn't mind. No, with Sherlock sitting there, eyeing the food he'd prepared and scooping some of it up with his spoon, he can't possibly mind.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock”, he whispers, his eyes welling with warm tears as his saddened smile locks onto the grey marble. He steps closer, until it's too much and he sinks down onto the dirt, clutching the gravestone in his arms in a bone-breaking hold.
. He wouldn't let himself think about why his sexuality was relevant to the point, but it was the truth. John Watson was a simple man, aspiring to be a life-saver, a husband, and a father, and Sherlock did not need him.
John proceeds with carrying both their bowls to the sink and cleans them up, noticing how Sherlock was fidgeting with his fingers at the exact spot he last saw him. He peers at him for a short while, trying to figure him out, but to no avail. “Tea?”, he asks, snapping him out of his trace. Sherlock flinches and blinks at him twice.
Generally speaking, last Christmas was warm and pleasant and perfect and everything this year's Christmas was not.
. But there was no happiness left for John Watson, not anymore. Not after what had happened months ago, after one tall, dark, mysterious bloke had come in, only to vanish from his life, taking it all away with him in the process.
However, I do hope you're less miserable than me up there. Don't think of home too much or you might get a bullet though your head.
Did you figure it out yourself? I'd like to know what you thought. Make sure to tell me when you get back.
“Sorry, mind palace. And no”, he says, and turns on his heel to bolt up to his room for the rest of the night and possibly the next day, and the day after that, and maybe even the rest of the week, if John did not force him out. He stops for a brief moment, turning his head to the side slightly, but not daring to look at John in the eye. “Since the day I met you”, he says softly, and runs upstairs. John almost misses the sound of Sherlock banging his door shut over his obnoxious thoughts. He could not comprehend the fact that he had managed to humanise Sherlock Holmes in what little short period of time he was in his life. It sparked an oddly satisfying wave of pleasure inside John that he could not explain. Maybe it was self-centered pride, maybe admiration, maybe something more than that. Whichever it was, John had decided, he would not dream of less. A small smile tugs at his lips at the thought, then turns into a toothy grin when he notices the CD Mary had left to Sherlock in case the worst happened to her. He recalled her message, and though the reminder of her death made him sad, he knew deep inside that she was right. Ms. Hudson, too.
“I miss you”, he cries, and the already wet grass soaks even further with a sea of his tears. He only then realises the heavy rain that had come replacing the thin snow, but he doesn't care; the ground beneath him is cold and damp and there's mud littering his freshly washed clothes, yet he still does not care. Not when he's half laying there, his beloved, or whatever had remained of him, tightly trapped in his embrace. He pulls at the cold material of the gravestone, as if that will wake Sherlock from the dead and bring him back, but it doesn't, and John is just left there, sobbing loudly and holding onto it for dear life. “
But there was one, John, one that triggered my interest. It was a frustrating one, I will confess. Took me an entire hour to solve. I kept asking about your opinion, and while I did appreciate how you let my mind work itself instead of spoiling it, after a while I started getting angry that you did not reply. It was only after I laid on the sofa with my back turned to your chair that I realised what I had been doing. I thought I would tell you about it via
Today Mrs Hudson finally admitted to snooping around my things and reading the letters. It wasn't much of a surprise since I already knew but there was something she said that intrigued me. She said that going through some of them, she found it quite odd that I addressed them only by your name. When I asked her to elaborate on that, she laughed and explained that '
. Why keep eating it if it bothers you?”, John smiles, features soft and hand extended towards Sherlock's bowl. He takes a good look at him, and he thinks--
“Nothing”, only said Sherlock, and attempted eating more of his food, only to drop the spoon into the bowl and make a mess. Now John definitely knew something was wrong.
From the corner of his eye, he can see a lean dark figure with a saddened smile and wild dark curls but when he turns his neck so fast it strains, just to check, all he's met with is the boring beige walls of Molly's living room and he sighs. He knows he's imagining things, it's borderline on impossible not to, at this point, but still deep inside, he wishes for his sick hallucinations to be real and for Sherlock to be there for him to hold his cold hand and ruffle his messy curls and kiss his rosy cheek and trap his lean torso against him. He wishes for Sherlock to be there, share a drink with him and have a laugh for God knows what reason, and maybe follow him outside and play with him in the snow, just like old times. John wishes for one last snowball fight with Sherlock, just the two of them in the world, and for one last chance to hold the madman's flaming cheeks in his hands and snog him with all his might. At the realisation that this will never happen, John curses his foolishness and cowardice to do it before it was too late. He thinks about what would have happened then and if Sherlock's end would have been prevented at all. Even though he knows it wouldn't, how could it, he still selfishly blames himself for not stirring the chance as if it could have saved him.
I know I said I won't sign the dates but Christmas is soon and Lestrade just invited me to spend New Year's with him. He said Molly and Mrs Hudson will be there. Anderson and Sally too, he didn't say but I know they'll be there. All the more reason not to go. If you're not spending the holidays here at home, I won't either.
Sherlock does as told, he takes a medium-sized pot and fills it with water, and turns up the heat when put on the stove. John observes him again, how his slim figure gently grinds on the counter, how his violinist's fingers handle the pot and how his icy blues fill it with water with extreme precision, although unseen by John, whose view is blocked by broad shoulders, but John had gotten lost in them innumerable of times to know what they look like even when he can't see them. Sherlock noticed, he's sure of it, but he can't bring himself to care when the tall man turns around swiftly, and he locks eyes with him, anxiously patting his fingers on his thighs.
I've only now finished inspecting the crime scene and I must say, it will definitely take a while to solve. John, it's brilliant! Oh, it's Christmas! Literally.
, he thought, Sherlock obviously knew what John thought of him, and he was screwed. His eyes widened and he rested his sweaty palms on his jeans.
), he'd even gone out for a walk, but when he came back, he was entirely positive that Sherlock hadn't left his room at all. He sighed again, pushing himself up from his chair and making his way to Sherlock's room. He stopped outside, trying to figure out what it was exactly that Sherlock was doing in there all day, or, alternatively, trying to establish whether he was just being Sherlock or had actually died hours ago.
”, and Ms. Hudson was also right. Who would he have if it wasn't for Sherlock? As much as he did not want to admit it, had it not been Sherlock, he wouldn't have had such amazing life experiences through their adventures, he wouldn't have met Mary or had Rosie, but most importantly, he wouldn't have his best friend. His companion through life. He would be lost and in depth without him, maybe he'd have wound up dead, too. Maybe he would have been another victim passing by Sherlock Holmes every day. One of his many cases. No, he thought, he couldn't have done this without him. The one person that John both hated and loved the most; Sherlock bloody Holmes.
Gary came by today to drop off a few cases. John, they were all so boring. I solved half the stack in thirty minutes.
dying?”, Sherlock mumbles, studying John with his blue machines, savouring the look of surprise and horror on his features, knowing fully well that he was onto something, just not sure of what it was just yet. He knew John, he probably knew him better than John knew himself (
), in order to feel better about being alone in a scruffy flat in Baker Street once more. He tells himself that John Watson is
On rather happier notes, Gerard came by earlier and dropped off a small stack. I was so excited to tell you about Mrs Hudson's lecture that I haven't checked it yet so I better get to it. Do take care where you are, I would prefer you returned with a blood-pumping pulse.
John looks out the foggy window of Molly's little home. It's dark outside, but despite the clock striking close to 12, the dark clouds of the night are still visible. It had rained before, for hours on end it had seemed, and John had just watched, watched as the sky cried raindrops until his own cheeks strained with drained tears and he had to close his eyes and force them away in order to stop their flow. By now, he was already used to this. It had rained so much this year in London, as if the weather was grieving with him over the loss of a great man. There was no sunshine, no clear skies, no warmth. Just the dead cold of winter, the pooling rain and occasionally, the heavy snow. There was not one day that John looked outside and there were warm hues and calm and peace. But then again, that was London for you. All rain and snow and damp pavements and frosted windows. It was always cool blues and greys and blacks, loss and grief. And it was all the same now of all days; Christmas, the most beautiful holiday of all and John's personal favourite. Or, at least, what used to be his favourite, before the recent events of the so-called Reichenbach Fall.
"Sherlock, please, I'm so sorry. I am so stupid, please, Sherlock!" John mentally kicked himself for being such a stupid twat. Sherlock was at his most vulnerable right now, and what had he done but drive Sherlock straight over the edge?
John made to get up, an unconscious attempt to prevent Sherlock's premature balding. He winced at the sharp jolt of pain winging up his leg, instantly freezing in fear. "Damn it, Sherlock, stop that right now." He shuddered, glued to the edge of the chair. "Take it easy, mate! Settle down."
Except for that damned infernal clock, the room remained quiet. As such, the silence was deafening. Eventually, fearful of the quiescence, John dared peek up at Lestrade. He felt petrified and yet morbidly curious.
and twisting, and ripping out clumps of brown curls. "Sher..." Greg gargled. He felt like he was choking, a repellent combination of mucous, blood and saliva clogging his throat. He hocked up a wad of fluid and spit.
Sherlock loosed his hands from John's grasp to use as rudder, guiding the shorter man back. He stopped moving when the backs of John's knees bumped the bed. "Standing there, in the nude? Pfff! Not likely. Most undignified, don't you think? Besides, I do all my best work wrapped in a sheet." John rewarded his jest with a snort.
Sherlock was capable of cooking toast and a semi-edible fry up. To John's short-lived delight, then devolving into a fit of passing pique, his flatmate brewed a perfectly presentable cup of tea
Finally, finished with the assessment and coming up nil (no fever, despite having cheeks ruddy red from prolonged weeping, said congestion explained by the same), John scrunched up his nose whilst surreptitiously plumping the pillows. Being a genius doesn't advance one's ability to fluff.
it, John. The war is over, and I won." Sherlock massaged the back of John's neck in an effort to loosen him up. The last thing John needed was the misery of knotted muscles. "Moriarty is long gone with all his filthy cabal. Trust me on that score. After all," he ended sickly, "it was in my best interests to be completely, 100% thorough in my efforts."
The duo trudged along the winding chalk path to the playground, two men on their way to a funeral. Consummate professional that he was, Lestrade pushed past his trepidation and continued to parse out the most reasonable abduction scenarios. He should have saved his breath. After several minutes of one-sided conversation, Sherlock chewing on one thumb, Greg paused to spare a long look at his friend.
"Look. I've been a right git today. I'm sorry." John sighed again, heavier this time. He attempted a one-sided grin. "Yeah, you wanker. Stop dancing around and give me a hand."
John choked out a bitter laugh. "Yeah, right, coming from you, you tit. Serves me right if I did, through."
The DI, now chewing his lip in earnest, held his breath and cautiously rose up for a look-see. Sherlock's long legs knocked fretfully about, leather shoes gouging holes in the dirt. And, although Sherlock's limbs were growing increasingly twitchy, his words trickled into silence; the only noise now being his quick, shallow gasps whilst he breathed.
The detective pushed himself back upright, and quietly considered his friend. Voice bland, Sherlock murmured "Are you willing to accept my help now?" He held up the clasp in his pale, plate-sized palm. It lay still, looking innocuous and innocent...John knew better. This little fucker'd been sent straight up from the fiery depths of hell.
"Well, the thing is, love, is that they were able to restore the bloody thing back to its original beauty. The glaze cracked, and they couldn't do anything about that. But I think... no, I
In fact, taking stock of his surroundings, how was this ridiculous stainless steel-slash-wood abomination considered appropriate for use by small children? Sherlock stuck a mental post-it on his forebrain: inquire with John as to what percentage of children sustain serious injury per year from playground use. Honestly...what kind of negligent parent allow their child to scale a ten-foot climbing wall?
That's - OH! Christ, do that again!" Sherlock wanted. Oh, how he wanted. He wanted John to get on with it. And,
"Yeah, I get it," the DI nodded, chastened. "It's been a difficult few days for you both. I wouldn't bother you, except - this involves several kidnapped children. Three, in fact, all from different families but with the same M.O. It's a dead ringer, no pun intended, for a series of kidnappings in Manchester six months ago, obviously unsolved. The investigation just never got going."
An angst-o-rama, folks. I have absolutely no idea why this story took the direction it did, I really don't. Perhaps I should seek psychoanalysis.
Whilst his ministrations felt lovely, post-surgical torment danced a vicious two-step across his libido. With steel-toed combat boots. In double time. For Salvo Stroke It to succeed, it'd be essential to do more than touch.
"My dear love. I need that drink of water. And an ice pack. And a new ankle, whilst you are at it. I - I can't... I'm bloody beat, love. Can we not do this tomorrow?"
John knew from vast experience that for him, rubbing one off wasn't as easy as giving a few halfhearted tugs. Snagging a questionably clean white hand towel which draped over the tub, John wedged it under his arse to cozy up his nippy bits.
familiar and intimate weaseled into John's conscious brain. Severe pain. The inability to function as required. The awareness of coming full-circle.
After reviewing all of the available data, it was only logical to conclude that John had been off his tits on drugs. John's comments did not reflect his true feelings. John's comments, jarring and titillating as they were, would hopefully not be remembered. It might be a bit not good in 221B if he did.
"No, Sherlock. Enough of this shit, now. I'm tired, you're tired - hell, we're both wrecked. It's been a rubbish day, and even worse night. So, no more drama, yeah?" John lamented. "We do this together," he sighed, eyes bright in spite of everything. "Come here, Sherlock. Let me give you a hug. Please?"
The detective nodded, too far gone for cognizant speech. "You see, to me," John paused. "Here, hang on a mo'. Move up a bit so I can reach you. Not everyone is built with limbs like an orangutan."
“Our memory has no guarantees at all, and yet we bow more often than is objectively justified to the compulsion to believe what it says.”
Greg knew that Sherlock's wanderings led him to the eastern regions of Europe to the southern coast of Asia (thanks to a slightly sozzled John at their weekly pub crawls). Of course he'd have to speak the language to blend in, that only made sense.
The doctor gave a gentle snort of agreement. "Seriously, I never suspected you had issues with sentiment." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Ahhh...yeah, for that matter, so is the word 'fine', or 'well', or other any such ridiculous term. Please don't say that you're very well, or doing just fine, thank you very much. I'll be forced to brew you weak tea."
Lord knows how the man existed before he came along. Well, with Mycroft's unwanted assistance, John knew. Exhausted, the doctor sighed.
"John!" the detective thundered, "what... you...I swear, I'll break your other ankle if you pull another stunt like that!"
doing it. In other words, he's not denying the fact that there are issues he should discuss with you, he's just not comfortable in doing so."
"Love?" John blustered. "You love me? Hmmm. Right." He nodded, but not in acceptance. "You love me." This time, his words were delivered as a flat statement, as if he was unconsciously holding himself distant from the sentiment; refusing to commit to conjecture.
"Seriously? And all three are...yeah. Yeah, that's...Christ, I can't believe it. Good work, man. I can't. I bloody can't. And what hospital were the boys brought to?" Lestrade snorted in disbelief. "Of course, of course it would be Bart's." Swallowing hard, he added, "And the parents? Where you able to contact all three families?" The DI huffed as if he'd just run a marathon - and won. The conversation took over fifteen minutes to complete, Lestrade swearing and demanding ever more details. Incredibly, the boys' torment was over. A ninety-eight year old American ex-pat had witnessed, in her own words, "I seen shit going down at that place! That asshole pervert cock-sucking sonofabitch faggot kidnapped those three poor little boys - and I just knew that I had to call it in.
In lieu of resuming his wank, John huddled on the toilet in a state of profound misery. The flat existed as a perfect vacuum, void of energy and sound; and it was completely his fault.  He'd sent Sherlock scuttling out of the flat for no other reason than pride. The ex-soldier's sense of comportment had shriveled to nil the second he'd sprawled on his arse...in the muck...in the dark...in a hole. Ridiculous.
Immediately, Sherlock complied. His mind had been so wrapped up in the pleasure of his prostate, he'd completely forgotten about his cock. Sherlock pumped his member up into his hand and then pushed down to engulf that of John's. Up, down. Up, down. Each grind of his hips was a collision, smashing into John's increasingly arrhythmic thrusts. Sherlock felt his heart seize as John arched up, wailing like a banshee. "I - fuck! Sherlock! Here it comes -
"S'il vous plaît venez,"** the detective crooned, waving a hand in mock deference. He reminded John of the 1930's
"Lestrade, you know how I hate to repeat myself. The case, if you please," Sherlock snapped. "I prefer to concentrate on one particular topic at a time, it's more efficient. Also, we are under severe time constraints at the moment, as you are most certainly aware." A small bead of blood welled up in the gap between the nail and skin of his left thumb. Sherlock stuck it between his lips, tasting copper.
The detective watched, starry-eyed, as John licked and suckled on his cock. One of John's hands cradled the base, above his tight bollocks. The other hand inched ever lower, stroking tentatively whilst monitoring Sherlock's response.
Sherlock completely foiled John, popping out of his chair to charge into the kitchen alone. John caught the distinctive clinking of glass on glass, closely followed by the distinctive slosh of liquid in glass. The sounds were distinctive. He was instinctive. "Hey, you git!" He hollered, incensed. "Wanker! Hey! Shit-for-brains! If there's whisky in that glass, you're pouring me one!"
The little man flashed a squinty-eyed scowl at the bottle and then down at his hands. He was clearly measuring the distance between the two objects. "Listen, Sherlock - " he began heatedly, feathers ruffled with indignation.
"Oi. Enough of that," the doctor wheezed between giggles, conscious of his lover's ever-present vanity.  "I think you look cute." John drew Sherlock's hands from his head, and cradled them up in his own. "To be truthful, love, I feel honoured to see you this way. I've been invited into your 'inner sanctum'." John made finger quotes. "Trust me now, do you? Finally. After all this time, I find out that all I ever had to do was drop my pants."
A vision of leaning over the cracked porcelain lip, fighting to maintain his balance with soap-slick fingers and slippery elbows. Wobbling on his right leg (which was already achy, fucking hell), left leg hovering above the ceramic tile at an awkward 45-degree angle.
"Come here, you idiot," John said, pulling Sherlock's head down to rest on his shoulder. "Well, I love it. I love your bloody big brain, and your snark, and all of the other things you are. Everything you are, everything - that, I love. Yeah? Now, hush so we can snuggle in peace." Sherlock performed that inexplicable magic trick of his whereby he folded his six-foot tall adult frame into a size more akin to a toddler's. He hummed quietly, content in the protective shelter of John's arms. John combed gentle fingers through Sherlock's tousled locks, occasionally kissing his head.
"Rude. Shut up and let me finish!" Ironically enough, Sherlock's brain was stalled out. Spending one's year in a madhouse might be confusing at best, and yet some good had come of it.
John snorted, amused. Snuffling into the lanky git's chest, John unwittingly giggled. "Deduce it, mate. I've been side-lined and it's pissing me off. Besides, you already can read my thoughts. Practically a bloody psychic, you." He poked a thick finger into the detective's chest, "Yeah, am I right?"
fully grasped the evil that humanity harbours. In all honesty, he'd have been thrilled to remain ignorant. A great weight pressed on his chest, limiting his capacity to breathe.
John," he sneered in a mincing falsetto. "Our viewers are gasping! Re-share each and every detail about your tragic ordeal. What's it like to be lied to because you're judged a liability? Come on, doctor, what's life like faffing about getting trollied? To get the sack? To be suffocated by your so-called-friends' pity?"
avoid hitting his nose or his teeth. Sherlock hadn't spared Achara Aromdee's face tossing her over the Bhumibol Bridge, 50 metres to the Chao Phraya below. Someone, at least at some point, must have loved her. Maybe. She made for a vicious assassin, moonlighting as a bitch on the side.
"I do not in the least underestimate bisexuality...I expect it to provide all further enlightenment." - Sigmund Freud, Letter to Wilhelm Fliess (25 March 1898)
Star Wars' least likely hero nodded so hard his ears flapped, and banged his staff. To John, the muppet looked more like a mouldering green raisin than an omnipotent Jedi Master.
Lestrade parked half-arsed, in front of the very first café he saw, despite of its manky appearance. "What do you say," he breathed heavily, cutting off the engine. "I could go for a coffee, howz'bout you?" He rolled his head against the head rest to eyeball his disaster of a consultant.
Sherlock's body remained vertical, and in motion. He grunted as he thrashed up and down. He rode on John's prick like a slutty gay American cowboy. The muscles in Sherlock's thighs visibly flexed, clutching at John's hips so as to no topple off the bed. His knobby knees were held at an angle, flipper feet sandwiching his blogger's. Yes. Sherlock sported flipper feet. He must have been an excellent swimmer.
, melted his brain into jelly. Only John would deem his mind useful, possibly for spreading on his toast.
Tucking both hands into the space between Sherlock's arse and his abdomen, John commenced to wiggle his fingers. He tweaked at both cheeks, teasing and tickling the tempting (tender) flesh nestled therein; perspiration slicking his palms. Shocked by the assault on his nethers, Sherlock yipped, springing from of John's lap as if he'd been electrocuted. Toppling sideways on one elbow, he nearly fell from the bed.
Sherlock bellowed so ferociously John's inner ears pulsed in tandem. His spine arched back, head circling his shoulders. The doctor dropped, back smacking into the table. John was too busy tugging on his penis to pay attention to insignificant things such as balance. His right hand raked through his hair until it froze, fingers crushing into a fist. The doctor squeezed his eyes closed and screamed, thick ropes of come shooting out his cock. Semen splashed audibly onto the table, but mostly spilled across the doctor's heaving chest.
" He fought to maintain his composure, but to what ends? Mrs. Hudson had gone to the countryside. Sherlock was bothering Molly at Bart's.
However, the tidbits of information he gathered were given to him by John, who was almost as much in the dark. Sherlock never once offered information, and Lestrade had never dared ask. In light if all this, how could he possibly approach this without upsetting Sherlock a second time? He never worked blind, if he could help it. That's why he employed Sherlock in the first place!
Greg gave up, circumnavigating around to the seat. He dropped his arse in relief. They'd not accomplished a damn thing thus far. If no new information was forthcoming, at least he could rest his sore feet.
John swore under his breath. He might as well give it a go, because the half-arsed analgesics weren't cutting it. He'd already resorted to doubling each dose. Receiving both too few and too-weak of strength from the hospital reeked of Mycroft's handiwork, rather than NHS mismanaging meds.
"What happened, John? Stop for a swim?" Sally smirked, looking down in squint-eyed scrutiny. "I assume you've been injured?"
He knew the streets and pathway of London. He'd chosen the logical route for the chase. Perhaps, a bit more thought should have been put into calculating the risks, considering the  number of pot holes vs. John's temperamental right leg. His route. His choice. John's woefully injured left ankle.
John have to get out of the flat and burn off these insufferable feelings. He wanted to charge over the pavement until his feet bled from ripped-open blisters.
Sherlock replied with a groan of his own. "Come on, John. Do it. Do. It," he demanded. "I want to see." The detective did a small amount of fumbling of his own, diving into both pockets before pulling out an iPhone. "Gotcha!" he smirked. "I'm ready, John. Are you?"
Holmes and Watson, Watson and Holmes. The men fit together like bangers and mash. Bubble-and-squeak. Bloody hell, fish and chips - on a good day. John and Sherlock looked on silently as Lestrade quietly slipped out, closing the door to their home.
Greg radiated bemusement, and more than a little concern. Two of his best mates had gone around the twist at the same time. What was that thing Sherlock always said? That this couldn't be coincidence, because the universe was rarely so lazy? "No thanks, mate. I think I'll pass. Sooner or later I have to return to the yard. I'm hoping to catch the tail end of the report."
but he'd kill for just one lousy, stale cigarette. Low tar would suffice at this point. Lestrade kicked irritably at the butts scattered haphazardly here and there. The thin, white butts seemed to taunt him with the promise of a nicotine rush. Greg wasn't so far gone that he'd snag one discarded cig for personal consumption...yet. Lestrade sadly fingered the left-over lighter in his pocket, the one he purposefully "forgot" to bin. This behavior was verging into OCD territory, but he didn't have it in him to care.
"Nnnngh...uh huh. Superzherrr," John slurred. "Whash you said. Nighty ni-, I'm gonna shleep now," and off he dozed in post-coital bliss.
"John, oh my John. I...please. Touch me, ere I go mad..my heart is, and always will be yours." Ostensibly, Sherlock had returned to planet Earth. He'd abandoned the cheese of George Lucas in order to channel Jane Austin.
"Tut tut, John," he huffed. "No sense in throwing a wobbly." John might be shorter but they weighed roughly the same stone. This endeavor was increasingly perilous. Sherlock conveyed the struggling doctor up and over the coffee table whilst his lean arms trembled with effort. "John, please, just a moment," he wheezed. John commenced to flop like a fish out of water in his eagerness to escape Sherlock's grasp.
Okay, once again - idiot. I posted half-way through the chapter. I am continuing to write as I type, and the rest should be up shortly. I am such a dork.
John inhaled sharply as he stepped to the rug. Sherlock noted the soft noise, and turned to stare at his flatmate. "The fire...got big very fast," John commented, carefully minding his path to the fireplace.
OOOOOOKKKKAAAAAYYYY...AO3 is trying to kill me. I keep trying to update but not post, and AO3 just reaaallly wants to post my unfinished chapter. So. FINE. After three attempts to edit without posting, I am giving up and posting little bits at a time over the next two days. Sorry.
Sherlock, unfortunately, derived no such feelings of release. His stomach clenched once he'd rid himself of outerwear and flung thoughtlessly on to the floor. For the bloody awful, umpteenth million time, reality sucker slapped the genius in the face. Baring his soul to John Watson entailed the baring of his corporeal person; every
John shivered, fumbling to snap up the lube's flip top. He loved when Sherlock talked dirty. His mouth was so very hot, and when those
"Mmmm...what?" Sherlock began, only to be muffled by John's lips, pressing hard. He attempted an evasive maneuver, starting with distraction. He cupped John's cock soundly in his fist. The doctor groaned, and rolled his head back on one shoulder. Perfect. John was completely distracted. He writhed with wanton abandon, unconsciously thrusting his hips. This should have been the moment to bail, but John's flailing body felt too tempting. Sherlock's hand remained glued to John's cock, as his body remained glued to John's side.
, I can't even find the words to...to express how I feel," John gritted through his teeth. "But, Sherlock - Christ, come over here. Let me hold you," he murmured, stretching out his arms.
And then as if on cue, Sherlock bursting into the flat with scarf trailing behind, pausing only to bellow, "John! We have a case!" His flatmate would freeze then, examining John with those pale, piercing eyes. Sherlock, eyeing him as if John was a rare, toxic mould specimen primed for his latest experiment.
stay alive, because John loved him. The doctor would disappear if he died. John would decay and dissolve, right alongside Sherlock's brain cells.
He started, the line of reasoning cutting off full stop. Sherlock's head jerked forward and dropped, bobbing one...two ...three times before falling limply to his shoulder. Lestrade watched Sherlock shake his hands twice, re-set his head on his shoulder, and stand as still as a statue.
John manoeuvred his way over to his chair. "Mmm, don't really know, but ta for making me sound like a lush." He plopped down hard on his arse. "How's your own pain situation, by the way?" John parried. "One through ten, and please be honest. My scripts haven't done much for me personally, but our cre....cshre...chemistry is different. Strange word, that... 'chemistry'. Keeeeeh...miss tree. Keh-MYStery. Ha. My point is, I could len' you a tablet or two, if you want to give it a go. Also, they appear to be much more effective when combined with scotch."
Sherlock abruptly stood up and knocked his chair flat on the floor. "John. Don't be stupid. I've never alluded to such a thing in all our time together."
Just for kicks, let's review archetypal notions concerning those of you who reside across the pond (lucky bastards). Firstly, there's the British "stiff upper lip". And, on the heels of this is stereotype follows emotional reserve, rampant drinking, pathological politeness, and standing in queues (not significant here...but I wanted to give a thumb's up to people who know how to wait their turn).
Now, comes the close-up, live-action shot of "John Watson, the Incompetent Flatmate"; the doctor who fails to save his friend's life. Watch him now, folks, feebly struggling against the force of constraining hands, seeking Sherlock's mutilated form amidst the chaos of people and trolley wheels. Listen to the doctor's wobbly voice calling out. Impotent. Weak. John spies his body and goes still.
Whilst Sherlock stood bare-arsed and scheming (debatin the most feasible methods of bribing his brother to procure a state-of-the-art 3D printer), John tossed his kit on top of Sherlock's and hobbled closer to the bed. The little man grinned, twisting his torso to look at his lover. Frowning, John did a double-take. Sherlock wavered slightly on his legs, obviously lost in thought. His vacant, oscillating eyes and flat countenance were classic "I'm in my Mind Palace" tells.
"Sher...Sher...oh fuck! Fuck!" John's orgasm was as noisy as his lover's was mute. He screamed Sherlock's name as best he could. John's brain was otherwise occupied. Never had he come with his orgasm so in sync with a lover's. John bathed in a delirious wash of neurochemicals whilst he pumped, and pumped, and pumped, and pumped, and he shook.
In Sherlock's case, the situation was reversed. If anything, the effect struck John as even more gruesome. He watched as his lover, a man he'd always considered ridiculously gorgeous, reveal an utter ruin of flesh, his true, unmasked body. John could not help it. He struggled to the loo and was sick.
"Dear god. Alert the Yard," the detective chuckled. "This is serious. We'll be out of milk for ages!"
running, nor were the taps on the sink. John had always been an abysmal liar, closed door or not. "Ehhh...how is this..." Lestrade cocked his head at the loo, "going? Is he handling things alright?"
"I think that this is the least of my worries," Sherlock snorted derisively. The guilt was making him cranky.
Slowly, so slowly, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John. They clung together, two men awash in the sea. "Please, Sherlock," he breathed, "let me touch you. Let me love you this way, let me in." John held his breath, the grinding gears of Sherlock's brain practically audible. Finally, eventually, he gave an infinitesimal nod.
this is the truth of it, now. I would never lie about this." As John spoke, he revisited every old wound. He kissed as he caressed, licking over rough, ropy skin. John paid particularly lavish attention to Sherlock's own work, honoring the marks carved by conscience. The detective let out a litany of soft, mewling moans, and unabashed, desperate groans. He'd never imagined that revealing his scars would be anything other than repugnant.
I know that the rhyme used for the this and the last chapter are in reverse order, but I had this vision of Sherlock (said weasel/otter-thingie) popping up off of John's lap. So, there.
left, you idiot! You'll find me about, oh say, thirty-two point five-eights degrees to the right. On the
The detective's tight fist loosened in tiny increments, relaxing until his palm met with John's. Their fingers wove together in a tangle, and they slept.
And now, here with John. Sherlock felt vastly more wretched than his inner logic had ever deemed possible. Vastly - yes, very much more
Irregardless, perhaps incorporating hand signals and a sock puppet, the lovers settled on the appropriate new venue. The kitchen table, a.k.a. Sherlock's holding place for experiments provided the perfect height for their needs. This time, John voiced nary an objection whilst Sherlock toted him through hallway and into the kitchen.
He brooded, ruminating over the memory of the nurse. He thought of Marjorie - or Mallorie, narcotics have a funny way of screwing with brain cells, gently easing his jeans over the bulk of the boot. She'd reached forward to lift his trous flush to his groin. John, desperate to avoid any more mortification than absolutely necessary, hooked his thumbs though the belt loops and beat her to the punch. Hands shaking, his fingers flew over his flies. The last dose of morphine somewhat complicated the procedure, but John regained his dignity in the end.
He'd been outwitted for once, played for a fool by the insane Moriarty. The man was more than a match for Sherlock's intellect. Moriarty, master villain, the unequivocal victor of their sick, twisted game.
Sherlock had launched into his furious tirade whilst still worming out from under Mycroft's body. "Naughty Mycroft! You made me forget which number I'd got to!" the young genius howled, stamping tiny bare feet on the floor. "I was counting! It was a very important thing and you ruined it!"
Sherlock shot straight up off his pillow, heart racing and ready for action. Two years of rough living had, by default, honed his fight-or-flight instincts. It now was a rare day indeed that Sherlock stirred without strangling a pillow. Sherlock registered, stomach sinking, that veteran John Watson did the same. He felt crushed by the knowledge...six years a civilian, and yet part of John was still in Afghanistan.
Snorting, the doctor said, "Yeah, heard that one already. Bollocks. You like it. The point is - the point is, Sherlock, that whilst I can say for certain that I know
Also, going to the smokey state of Utah for a ten-day non-sex holiday (half of it, tragically, is on fire). In light of this fact, I am posting this POS now, despite still being unsatisfied with how it reads. Also, I stink at typing on my phone, so beware of typos, etc., discontinuity in wording, etc.
For fuck's sake, he'd held his job now for some nine-odd years, he should be capable of handling a crisis, Sherlock's crises in particular. Lord knows, he'd handled so many of them before John came along; Sherlock much preferred him over Mycroft. Lestrade dealt with many a cock-up for the visibly strung-out, distinctly unwashed, twenty-something genius consultant. That is, before John came.
"We are what we are because we have been what we have been, and what is needed for solving the problems of human life and motives is not moral estimates but more knowledge"                          - Sigmund Freud*
"I'm good. I've had worse." Although the doctor tried sounding blasé, the detective wasn't fooled. John was hurting, and badly.
Later on, penance involved using implements smaller than bridges. John's hands ran across the evidence; Sherlock's personal version of Cuneiform etched via razor. Scalpel-thin scars, either cross-hatched or singular, drafting historical record. The scars spelled out
"Lestrade," Sherlock whimpered, visibly listing to his right. They peered at each other under the flesh-and-blood bridge of their arms. "There is an eminent chance I will pass out, perchance within the next thirty seconds...plus or minus six point two-five." The man's left knee bobbled willfully, advertising its desire to collapse.
Sherlock's own eyelids had shuttered about halfway through the proceedings. Chest heaving, he hitched out, "Just, just start moving...a bit. But start slow. Oh fuck, you incredibly illuminating man, this is good. I never imagined
even that sensitized area edged by golden brown fuzz. John's low, lower, lowest stretch of his abdomen...so very close to his cock.
Pinking up, Sherlock put a hand on John's crutches, close to where John had them propped on high on his left thigh. "Do you mind if I move these?"
As well, sex came with sordid spin-offs, a bit of sleaze. Just ask John. There was cheaply made porn, where wails of faux pleasure grated against even more objectionable soundtracks. Purple latex thigh-high boots purchased on eBay - in size 12. Multi-hued, gyrating sex toys, not all of them designed for one's pleasure. Safe words, and carefully crafted contracts. Same-sex...
The strength and sheer quantity of semen erupting from their cocks completely validated Cobb's method. Upright low-dose digital biplanar x-rays, and three-dimensional analysis be damned.
John attempts to tap his past heterosexual history for purposes of "physical therapy", yet finds himself less than inspired. Bachelor John Watson, a man who is unequivocally "not gay" finds he suddenly needs something more.
Review your charts." Sherlock's legs, fatigued, rested against the edge of the mattress. "We need, at the very least," he calculated the proper elevation for his needs with his eyes, "two more pillows."
"Sherlock, love. You've got to relax. I hate to point this out, but you're a vir-" the doctor soothed, simultaneously reflecting unease.
To be precise, it was Mycroft's arm that snapped, rather than one of the baby's tiny, twig-like limbs. The incident, as it were, occurred on Boxing Day; the irony of which the Holmes then and forever henceforth ignored.
Greg rapped on the glass. Sherlock's head popped up, focusing on the DI. His head flopped once more to his chest before he heaved his long body upward to stand. The Belstaff swirling about his legs, Sherlock thrust through the door and up to Lestrade.
"Where..." John giggled, pitch rising with his level of hilarity. "Oh, shit, oh fuck! Never mind. I'm about to come, you crazy idiot! Please tell me you're close, 'cause I -"
Rather than poke fun, John began a slow campaign of relieving Sherlock of his kit. Sexually explicit dirty talk was one thing, but actual sex was another. Starting with his posh silky button down, John interspersed each undone button with a sensual, open-mouthed kiss; an incentive for each sliver of newly bared skin. Sherlock's long body twitched as his lover's tongue dallied, seeking out the most sensitive spots. "Oh, yes, that's it, John...that's so...
John had three simple rules of dating etiquette. No shagging of: addicts, minors (no exceptions), and absolutely, positively no one in current possession of, and/or born with a penis. Not that there was anything
Apparently, ear-splittings bellows was what happened when John's hand gathered up Sherlock's thick cock and tugged. "Christ, you're beautiful when I touch you," he sighed. "I want to make you come. I want to jerk you off with my hand. I want to suck you, lick your balls until you put cracks in the plaster with your screams. Please! I want to sti..fuck, I want to...okay, we'll talk about that one later."
All said and done, he had apprehended the guilty party. One less criminal roamed London's streets. Another crime solved by the great Sherlock Holmes.
It might have been funny in less perilous circumstances, a case in point for the strength of their bond. As it was, however, John's touch felt precarious, like teetering on the edge of an abyss. A yawning abyss choked with razor-sharp spears at the bottom, poised and ready to skewer any poor sod that chanced to fall in.
"Dear heart, oh my love," John breathed into his ear. "Please don't be afraid. Not of me, not of us." There's so much that I want to tell you, and show you, and..." he squirmed, attempting to ease his sore thighs. "There's so much. But," he smiled ruefully, "I need to change the venue, as it were. Both my bloody feet have fallen asleep."
"One might compare the relation of the ego to the id with that between a rider and his horse. The horse provides the locomotor energy, and the rider has the prerogative of determining the goal and of guiding the movements of his powerful mount towards it. But all too often in the relations between the ego and the id we find a picture of the less ideal situation in which the rider is obliged to guide his horse in the direction in which it itself wants to go."
"John!" Sherlock bellowed in alarm. The detective shoved his arms around John's torso and yanked the man backwards to brace against his chest. "What's going on? Why is this happening?"
The detective gazed at the empty vessel for a moment as if it held the solution for his life's insurmountable woes. Placing it gently on the bedside table, Sherlock blew out the air in his lungs. Gazing at John, he slipped off his shirt, switched off the lamp, and slid silently into their bed.
Maybe not. John curled down, lathing over his glans and loose foreskin. Thrusting forward (pun intended), John whispered his thoughts between teasing light licks and wee kisses. Sherlock spared a few brain cells to deduce that John must look like a man speaking into a microphone. He couldn't help it, he snickered. "Testing...testing..."
"Now I," John panted, between hot, sloppy kisses, "Am going to tell you why you are so beautiful to me, and you, my dear, are going to shut up and listen."
Pale eyes flickered about the arc of John's face, considering. "Alright. Unfortunately, I must agree. My emotions are tenuous at best, now that I've admitted to having them. But, it was true, what I said. I flew back to London, and never looked back."
John was most definitively telling the truth; or, at least the truth as he saw it. John wasn't repelled by his body. John Watson saw him as sexy, and brilliant, and...fuck. He took up his ministrations, and the doctor growled out a robust thank you in relief. "I think," John heaved breathlessly, "that it is time to stop talking, and to put my money where my mouth is."
I do not in the least underestimate bisexuality...I expect it to provide all further enlightenment." - Sigmund Freud
He only had one foot for leverage, and frankly the insult to injury on his solar plexus made the entire operation too painful. Besides, the jostling had awakened his bladder.
The "not skin" matched the tone and surface texture of Sherlock's epidermis in every conceivable way. For all John could tell, his lover had slipped an elastic band onto his bicep as a mean-spirited joke. A random memory shot into John's conscious mind; no, not random, but incredibly apt. "Is this - did you use something like this when you faked your... you know. When you
Sex, and one last confession - not necessarily in that order. This is the second to last chapter, I think. The whoopee will show up in Chapter 53. After this, on to smaller (hopefully) and better things.
"Stop, John. Don't get up. Please. Please. Let Greg finish before you do anything as kind as to console me. I'm sincerely honoured by your concern. However, in this specific situation, I fear that it's been badly misplaced," the genius snarled. His face twisted up in disgust, the ugly  sentiment aimed at his own useless self. Clenching his fists, Sherlock squashed the compulsion to punch himself smack in the face.
"Whilst I agree that it is an appropriate measure from a medical standpoint," he sniffed, "there was absolutely no need for those old prunrs to act so appallingly rude." Scooting a chair up to the bed, Sherlock dug into the cup using his fingers. He frowned. The ice too, was giving him trouble.
John doubled back to Afghanistan; to the make-shift hospital in Helmand. By the time he'd been shot, the army surgeon had operated on multiple...no, hundreds of burn victims. IED's, mortar rounds, gas explosions, overturned Humvees, even plain, old-fashioned house fires... you name it, he'd been witness to the ruination extremely high temperatures caused. The doctor dearly wished that he hadn't. Dearly.
Sherlock's muscles uncoiled, untwisted, unbent. His mind slipped into a separate place, one of peace and tranquility. Odd, that - considering that his worst fear was now being realized.
What gain was there in rehashing the past? Especially - especially this particular bit of the past! John had long ago recognized the futility of wanting closure - and yet. A significant part of his own self had shattered that day and still ached for want of mending. All forgiveness aside, the little man still suffered nightmares; a macabre, 3 a.m. special feature.**
The detective's eyes widened. He cast about in bewilderment, blindly searching for some brilliant and amazing comeback, per John Watson. No such response was forthcoming.
As per usual, Sherlock's suggestion was brilliant. A different set of fingers slicked up, phalanges lengthier and fine-boned. One finger became two, 'til three long fingers plunged into the detective's arse. John's blue eyes darkened, almost black, consumed by blown pupils. He found another, superior use for his own fingers, short distal phalanx be damned.
"But...that's not the same as believing it," John sighed. "It's my own damn fault and you know it." Grimacing, the doctor plowed on. "If you really want to know, I got scared by a rat."
" John wailed. "Surely that tells you I forgiven you. And Sherlock, I killed a bloody cabbie for you within twenty-four hours of acquaintance! You weren't drowning kittens in the Thames, yeah? You were fighting a one-on-one war with the scum of the earth." Rubbing his face raw in frustration, John hoped he'd gotten through.
"Your body is a fresco, Sherlock. A beautiful, treasured work of art." John's words lingered in the air, tickling along the edge of his ear. The doctor's small frame was practically pasted to Sherlock; sweaty, and sticky, and
It's short, people. I work a night shift (NOC) today, so gotta catch a few winks. I'm planning on finishing this up tonight. P.S. I didn't spend much time proof-reading this, so... sorry for any awkward mistakes.
Seconds later, Sherlock stalked out, bottle in one hand and stacked tumblers in the other. "Here!" he growled, dumping a generous dollop in both glasses. "Indulge, mon ami. Hell, have one on me. Why not, drink so much that you piss on the floor. John, I love you. I love you!
"In addition, the triggering of your autonomic nervous system, specifically the parasympathetic branch due to an unexpected source of stress is normal, and quite frankly, expected by myself. Between my...the body scars, burns and - "
"Christ, what a bloody lark this has turned out to be," Sherlock mused. "Here we are, two grown men on the floor of the loo."
The little man stood up cautiously, supporting his weight with the table. He hobbled, using the chairs to manoeuvre. John tentatively stood before Sherlock and brutally gnawed at his bottom lip. The detective moaned, twisting away on the old wooden chair in an effort to shield his face. This situation was becoming intolerable.
Sherlock was more than an apt man, he was needed, desired. What did John himself do? He trailed behind this (gorgeous) genius with a cheap, stupid notebook, jotting down facts that Sherlock already knew. John's chance at greatness had come during the war, and he'd blown it. His body felt broken and...
"How did I not know?! John. It's a ridiculous notion at best." Sherlock groused, loosening his hands from John's own to throw them about. "I always know what you're thinking. Preposterous, John! I would have seen it!"
Sherlock parted his lips to reply. John cut him off before he could say something stupid, adamantly shaking his head. "No, stop thinking, and
Sherlock realized that whilst he'd trusted it as one would a safety room, in effect it was a locked oubliette. He itched to melt it into a amorphous lump, indistinct from a steaming coil of dog shit. He ached to transform it into functional living tissue, fusing the mould with his own epidermis so that it's bland, uniform aspect eclipsed his scars. Albeit, the odds of biogeneticists promoting this morally questionable methodology were enormous. And yet?
"What?" John uttered, bemused. "How can you not have gone over it in your head?" His eyes lit up. "Did you delete it?"
John cocked his head, considering. "Actually, I've already metabolized everything that I took. I'm just happy. I feel like letting off some steam." He grinned.
that would be...good." Considering his being a genius, and all, Sherlock's brain was failing him miserably. Where was his fluency of expression? His lexicon included over 131,963 words, not counting the 33,792 additional obsolete word annex, or the 43,363 derivative word sub-entries.
I played with the format FOREVER but I guess that different languages use different styles of formatting. The paragraph where Sherlock waxes poetic in five different languages is probably going to look really weird.
Ori Hay, 1 ,* Gali Dar, 2 Janan Abbas, 3 Dan Stein, 1 Hila May, 1 Youssef Masharawi, 4 Nathan Peled, 5 and Israel Hershkovitz 1
or...love. Too pedestrian, useless, and boring. Cold, hard reason directed Sherlock's world view. Anything more would be frivolous. So, here in this moment, one change of clothes pending, John panicked. What if his body betrayed him?
The genius huffed in embarrassed annoyance, reading John's concerns in his expression. "Oh, of course not, John, think! You're a doctor. You've barely penetrated the entrance of my anal canal. As well, based on the paltry measure of your second phalanges' distal phalanx, it's inconceivable that you'd inflict tissue damage."
Sherlock spoke in some language not...English. Why wasn’t he speaking in English? It's not like Greg
"Sherlock?" John beseeched, after hearing his lover's steps pause on the stairwell. "I'm in the kitchen, love. I've made you tea... and, well, oh...sorry, it's gone cold." Shuffling sounds commenced, immediately followed by a miserable snuffling of congested sinus cavities. Sherlock remained mute, frozen on the wrong side of the door jamb. "I'm not mad that you left. That is to say, I'm not upset anymore." Nothing. "Please don't make me come to you," John continued. "My ankle hurts like a bitch."
