“It’s okay. Just, tell me.” Tony brushes fingers through his hair, looks into his eyes with that soft, ever-present warmth. God, what did he ever do to deserve that?
Steve had been so patient, especially in the beginning, waiting for Tony to decide what he wanted, agreeing to let the bond all but die the night that Tony had called to say they were coming back, because it hurt too much to keep it alive.
There was still faith to be had that maybe Tony didn’t blame him either.
“Yes,” Tony says, tone bland to his own ears, “And maybe I’ll walk back. Or take the suit. I need some time.”
“I’m not going to regret this tomorrow.”
The dam breaks and Steve lets it all go, clinging to Tony like a drowning man. He drags Tony down with him, down below the surface of the water where everything is cold and black and nothing should survive except, they’re down there together and that can be enough for survival. Tony brushes a hand through Steve’s hair and cradles his head. He’d breathe his last breath into this man if it just meant he’d live even a second longer.
He can’t stop staring into Tony’s eyes, trapped in the ever-expanding cosmos in Tony’s irises. “God,
“Good. I’m running a little low on energy these days. Come, sit.”
“I’m ready.” Tony murmurs thickly.
Bucky’s words cloud his mind like cobwebs.
At the end of the table and out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Tony stiffen. Bucky had clocked the motion too, turning his attention on him.
JARVIS rattles off a series of coordinates that mean next to nothing, doling out another layer of snark when he points Tony in the direction of one of the high rises to the east. The rooftop is a few stories below the penthouse, and Barnes must want Tony to see him, because he does nothing to conceal himself.
He draws his defenses in closer. “You wouldn’t know what it’s like to feel powerless.”
“Let ‘em.” Bucky’s voice dropped deep with possession and challenge.
For a moment, he forgets all about Bucky. The lack of progress falls away and there’s just Steve and his team; Steve and his family. This merry band of misfits all broken and battered but somehow seamlessly stitched together, old and new.
would have been going easy on Steve.
Steve groans into Tony’s open mouth and sinks his teeth into his bottom lip, pulling it into his own to suck before he dives in further, all but fucking his tongue into Tony’s mouth and that’s it. That’s the way. There’s the Steve Rogers who wants to possess him, consume him. Steve kisses him deep enough to make his toes curl and pleasure race along the length of his body and back again, layering on thick streams of desire that leave him gasping.
Tony does the one thing he promised himself he wasn’t going to do, and kisses him, hard.
“I don’t think that’s–”
The Tony in front of him shifts into a seated position, taking Steve’s hand in both of his own and waits.
It’s ready to give up now. Rest.
“I’m fine, Pepper.”
Steve’s eyes flutter closed and his mouth drops open into a soundless gasp as Tony swallows him back down to the root, holding him in his mouth and down into the entrance to his throat, swallowing hard. Two hands tease into his hair, careful with where the snap has damaged the right side of his face, and hold him still before starting to rock Tony back and forth along the length of his cock.
Steve takes a breath, glances up at the ceiling for a beat, and then looks Tony in the eye. “Okay.”
Tony buries his disappointment as deep as it can go.
“Tony, just don’t.”
It’s just too easy.
“Don’t ask me now. I almost died, or maybe I did die, I’m not sure. I don’t know how I feel or what to think. I don’t know anything anymore, Steve. Except that—” Tony swallows, clears his throat, closes his eyes, and opens them to stare into the warmest blue eyes he’s ever seen. When he forces out the words, they’re little more than a whisper of a breeze through translucent curtains. “Except that I love you. I’ve always loved you.”
They’re fewer and further between now. Their daughter will be here soon.
“I did, too. I mean, I felt the same way–back then, when you said, uh, what you said.” Swallowing hard, Tony ducked his head, avoiding Steve’s eyes.
“Is that… is that what you wanted to talk about right now?” Tony asks.
Peter sniffles. “Okay, Mr. Stark.”
“Fine then. You need some convincing?” Bucky asked, dropping off into a dull, displeased tone. “Does that mean you want us to be typical Alphas now? Cause you damn well know we’re not and if you’re sayin’ there’s something wrong with being a little different–”
When Tony’s hands twitch on the bed between them, Steve pauses, eyes pleading.
“It’s not,” Steve leans forward, rests his elbows on his knees and bows his head. “It’s not. I am sorry. So fucking sorry. For everything.”
Tony will be here because he’s always there. Every dream, every nightmare; all roads lead back to Tony.
His scent wafted up in a thick cloud and he flushed, feeling wide open and on display.
He jolts out of sleep to the sounds of Tony’s screaming and gives F.R.I.D.A.Y. a sharp order for the lights. The soft, dull yellow fills the room, and Steve lays a hand on his shoulder, firm but not pressing him down.
Bucky isn’t there. Why isn’t Steve screaming?
“This is a—oh my god, are you serious right now? This is a thing! You’re not telling me what you think because you don’t want me to do something just because it’s what you’d do? This is you ‘trusting me’ to know myself best? Like with Barnes, right? Steve?” Tony gives him a disbelieving look because seriously, what the fuck?
“What happened, after? How badly were you…?”
Maybe it’s something about the fact that they’re on vacation—that Tony wants him enough to take him away for an entire week to themselves, but Steve feels lighter than air.
He considers releasing a statement that there’s been some form of family emergency, which is a ridiculous farce because the entire world knows he has no family. He did once, just for a moment, before it all slipped away from him in Siberia.
“Tony, Tony,” Steve pants into his hair, his ear, capturing the lobe between his teeth as he strokes them off in a hard, unsteady rhythm that makes Tony squirm. “Thought about this, you, every day. Every damn day. Christ, look at you.”
“I love you. You hear me, you giant, stubborn bastard? I love you and I’ve always loved you, and I forgive you for everything. You have to know that. Steve, come on? Can you hear me? I love you.
tell him. Tony wants to do this together. He wants them to be on the same team, and if they’re even going to have a shot at that, Steve needs to come clean.
Things had changed. Or at least, they had changed for Steve, back when he had spent the beginning of their relationship trying to atone for the things they’d said to each other. When Steve had started to truly see Tony for who he was, not the layers of smoke and mirror Tony presented to the world, showering him with praise and thanks until Tony was glowing with it.
“If you tell me how sorry you are one more time, I swear to Tesla I’ll—” Tony slaps a palm down on the worktable, head falling forward. He takes a shuddering breath, and Steve watches his fingers twitch. They’re wrapped so tightly around the edge of the worktable, the blood bleeds from his knuckles.
If only it were that easy.
“But we’re your ridiculous people.” Bucky pointed out, and the room erupted into pained groaning.
Tony had been aching. Bucky could hear it in his voice and feel it deep in his bones. It wasn’t unlike the way he had felt, coming out of cryo for the last time, and learning that Steve belonged to someone else now. What he’d gone and
“Steve.” Tony tugs the blanket up higher before he brushes fingers along Steve’s jaw. “I thought you knew.” As Tony shifts to sit up against the headboard, Steve resists the urge to crawl after him. One more minute, he thinks, just one more. He closes his eyes and Tony says, “Steve, I… This—you died. Sometime in the night. I thought you knew. I don’t know why but I thought you already knew.”
Bucky hums in agreement.
at odds with the whisper of
Finally, Steve’s tears seem to stop and he takes a few tempered breaths. When he pulls back, he doesn’t go far, easing back so that he’s sitting with his legs spread, Tony on his knees between them still, but back on his calves now. Steve looks open and raw and so, so painfully defenceless.
The air around them feels thick and heavy. This Tony isn’t the same willing, crazed participant he usually is, but it’s almost sweeter this way.
Tears are dripping onto the sofa. Every muscle in Steve’s body relaxes with the exception of his tight grasp on the bell. The hand on his throat released and circles his chest, pulling him back. Steve gulps in breath after breath.
“Steve, I didn’t–”
Bucky chuckled and Pepper greeted him next, albeit slightly more formally.
He hopes that that’s what he might’ve said.
“Hi darling.” And then she’s coming towards him, Tony stepping aside so Sarah can wrap her arms around him and tug him down into a hug. “You’ve had quite the growth spurt, haven’t you?”
The latter technically also wasn’t his fault, because T’Challa couldn’t have known, when he called Rhodey to tell him that Tony needed immediate medical attention, that Peter would have been at the Compound. Dr. Cho had been there already, called in to assist with Peter’s rapid healing and monitoring his progress after he’d taken some hard hits in Germany.
Steve undresses in the same clinical way he always has, something leftover from the war that he never managed to shake. Even when Tony would strip him slow and languid, pausing to enjoy the little cuts of skin that appeared beneath shirts or through parted buttons, Steve would get flustered and pull everything off all at once.
Bucky mumbled something about ungrateful Alphas and padded away into the kitchen, rustling around in the refrigerator.
Steve gasped into his shoulder and damn, Tony wanted to watch as Bucky prepped him with Tony’s own slick. He loved watching his big, strong Alpha give over, let himself have this beautiful pleasure without restraint.
When the confusion clears, Steve watches Tony roll his eyes and push the remaining pieces of sauce-covered shawarma around his plate. “Earth to Cap? I said: I know you’re still hungry, do you want me to order you something else?”
Steve groans. “He doesn’t really know you better than I do.”
Steve drags his exhausted eyes up, mouth set in a firm line. “You read them.”
“I love you.”
“Okay. Okay, Tony, I’ll bring you your letters. But you need to rest now.” Pepper’s breath catches on a sob and if he had the strength, he’d grab her hand and press it to the side of his face. Remind her that he’s here, he’s alive, or at least, something that feels like a modicum of being alive. Instead, he musters what he can to twitch a few fingers in her direction, pinky resting against pinky. It’s enough. “Rest now, darling. You saved the universe. Rest.”
He’s ready to go home, with or without Steve, preferably without him at this point, and the anger has bled away. There’s probably something to be said for the way Tony cycles through his emotions, but nothing has ever been coherent when it comes to his relationship with Steve.
“What the hell? He’s not supposed to use it on his own!” Tony exclaims into the empty room. “Stupid, arrogant, son of a bitch.”
When they’d finally fallen asleep, wrapped in each other’s arms, buried under a mountain of S.H.I.E.L.D. regulation-issue blankets, he had been warmer than he’d been in his entire life. Warmer than when he’d woken up after the Arctic. Warmer than the time Tony had made love to him for hours in front of a roaring fire at that safehouse in Albuquerque; the day they’d finally come to their senses and fallen into each other’s arms, hands frantic over warm skin.
“Okay, okay, stop,” Tony says, feeling his throat tightening. “Don’t do this now.”
“I’m tired, Tony. Too tired for this. If you think we can figure it out—if you think you can pull us through this, I’ll believe you.”
“If this is going to work you’ve got to start seeing me for who I am. And you need to let me see you too. I don’t need you to be perfect. Just, admit when you’re not, and start listening to me, okay?”
This time, it’s not Tony who turns the kiss filthy. Steve kisses him like he’s the lifeline securing him to the present, all desperate tongue and teeth and the eventual press of a half-hard erection into his hip when he scoots closer.
“Yes,” Steve rushes out. “Yeah. Yes.”
“JARVIS?”
When he thinks about it later, it makes far more sense. It’s not until he’s crawling into bed that night that Tony realizes that under all that ease and laughter and happiness, he’s missing Steve.
“You got up to a lot more than just defeating the Krauts, Rogers,” Dugan booms from the sofa and Steve whips back around to grin at him.
Over the next few days, Steve lingers in his space when they’re not training. He slips away and joins Tony in the shop, sketching while Tony works. The silence feels important, necessary as they take time to reacquaint themselves with each other’s presence.
Everyone was going to know what he’d done and Clint would never let him live it down.
He settles in a stray chair off to the side of the room because the only two chairs left at the conference table are beside Steve or beside Natasha. From this vantage point, he can at least keep his eye on everyone in the room, and as a special added bonus, he can kick his feet up on the nearby sideboard table.
“It’s not like I’m thrilled about it,” Tony grumbles under his breath, and Pepper smiles, shaking her head. She’s so good to him. Always.
In that gentle and carefully masked voice of disappointment, Rhodey will ask Tony why he hadn’t just called him first. He’ll say ‘that’s what friends are for’ and ‘you’re better than this, Tones, you’ve been doing so well.’ Except really, Tony’s a taker–he knows it, everyone knows it–and he’s been a tragic mess of a person for months. Rhodey has already given too much already.
Peter mumbled something under his breath.
When he drags his nails down Steve’s chest, it’s obvious that he feels the same because his mouth falls away from Tony’s to suck brutal hickeys into the curve of his throat. Teeth rasp against the muscle there, and Tony bites out a moan, shoving his hand into Steve’s boxers at the same time Steve reaches to paw at Tony’s sweats.
There are tears streaked down his cheeks and when Tony pushes the visor off and throws it across the floor, Steve’s eyes aren’t even focusing on him, full of fresh tears ready to spill.
“Then stay,” Steve brushes his lips across Tony’s throat then tips his head to the side so he can capture his mouth. They stay like that for minutes that feel like hours, losing themselves in each other, until Tony can’t stand it anymore. Lifting one of Steve’s legs at the knee and hiking it higher, he angles down and thrusts harder, with purpose.
“Yeah, Cap. That’s it.”
Something tugs at his consciousness.
(See the end of the chapter for
“T-Tony?”
To pull Steve down and watch him shatter into pieces on the concrete, his immovable statue of a husband—ex-husband—lying in rubble at his feet? He knows he can do a damn good job, and yet he feels guilt wrap around the arc reactor and squeeze.
“Gentleman,” Pepper appears back at Tony’s side, eyes taking in the empty glass in his hand before they skate up to look at Steve. “Thank you for keeping Mr. Stark company, Captain, but I think I can handle it from here.”
“Gross. You two are made for each other.” But even as he says it, Tony’s smiling, draping his arms around Steve’s neck to tug him in. When they’re finally alone, Tony works up to kissing Steve breathless, then leans back and asks, “You’re not really jealous, are you? You don’t have anything to worry about.”
He doesn’t. He hums an inquisitive noise.
“It was bullshit.” Steve interrupts, following it up with a softer, “
Steve is wrapped around him. All over him. Touching him everywhere and kissing him until he’s breathless. When he leans over him it’s welcomed and familiar, setting Tony’s senses on fire. There’s no fear here, and Steve is looking at him as if he’s the rarest gemstone on earth, all open awe and amazement.
Glancing at the ridiculous little toy on his nightstand, Steve huffed a bitter little laugh.
Bucky was groaning above him, picking up the pace and brushing over Tony’s prostate on every third or fourth thrust. It was enough to drive him crazy and the hind part of his brain wanted to give over, come apart.
“I know.” Steve shoved his feet into a pair of slippers and followed the nurse out of the room, down the hallway, and into the cafeteria.
moment manifested in the form of his Alpha best friend.
In the memory that Steve’s created, Tony wraps his arms around his shoulders and holds him. He doesn’t forgive him, doesn’t say anything at all. Just holds him through it until the scene dissolves into black.
He doesn’t even wait for Tony to kick his feet apart, just willingly spreads his thighs and presses his forehead to the sofa.
The incredible, tight heat had been enough to drive Steve wild and he’d come hard enough to see stars, burying himself into Tony’s lax body over and over again. It was mesmerising, the way that Tony came apart beneath his, cock shooting off against the mattress as Steve angled his hips downward to brush every stroke over Tony’s prostate. Even in sleep, Tony’s body called out for Steve’s and found release.
But if he’s finally getting there, that’s good. Great even, for Steve.
Tony remembers that day.
He laughs, wildly into Steve’s mouth. And he thought he had known devastation before.
“How are you feeling?” Pepper rubs the sleep from her eyes, leaving a smudge of mascara that veers off to the right side of one cheekbone. It’s perfectly imperfect, like the little knot of hair that’s formed from where she’s been lying against the seatback.
Steve frowns. “What is it?”
He’s not even that hungover when he freezes up mid-lunge, trying to take down the Falcon who breezes past him. Second-guessing his target gives Steve the second he needs to yank him from out of the air and throw him down onto the mat. Steve, naturally, bears his weight down onto the armour to subdue him and that’s enough.
Tony’s teasing in the sequencing, but he remembers now.
Tony could picture them, standing just a few feet away, Steve having paused their movement, maybe with a hand on Bucky’s chest. Both of them would be looking down at him; the pathetic little Omega, curled up in his nest like Smaug on his mountain of gold and jewels.
Steve’s blood runs cold.
“You’re not?”
“You’re really going to go through with it then?”
Steve glanced down at him, savouring the view of his mate, half wrapped around him in crisp, white sheets. Long, work-roughened fingers slid lovingly into his hair and dragged him down for a kiss.
“They were your team too, Tony. Wanda and Nat, I can’t keep them safe if I’m like this. If…If this is about Bucky—”
Steve swallows down the lump in his throat, giving Bucky a watery half-smile. How in the hell is he going to make it through the ceremony? How is he going to read his
“Yes. Fuck yes. You want to?” Tony shakes his head, eyes round as saucers and rife with disbelief. “How is this so simple? You’re here, you love me, and now you want to meet my mother. Who are you and what did you do with Steve Rogers?”
Bucky would punch him and tell him to move on and try living for once in his miserable life.
“I didn’t mean—”
Tony shuts his eyes and focuses on evening out his breathing. A hand trails across his chest and presses his wedding band down, leaving a sharp indentation above his left nipple.
He let himself slip into the fantasy.
Steve blinks.
“I’m sorry!” The words are almost a shout because he is, and Tony’s gearing up for a fight. The kind of fight where he’s hurt and ready to dig in deep, but it’s not worth it. After everything, it's not worth it. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean—I’m sorry. You caught me off guard, and I didn’t mean that.”
“No can do, boys. But thank you.” He pushes out, light, with a fake smile he can plaster on in his sleep. It’s not like he’s looking, but he catches Steve’s face fall and wonders when he’s finally going to catch a fucking clue.
“What the
“You going to talk to him?”
“Eccentric.”
Peeling back the blankets, Tony let Bucky wrap an arm around his waist, hauling him closer until Bucky was pressing his mouth flush against the nape of his neck, treating him to little pecks and flicks of his tongue.
“Peter’s a good kid.” Steve eventually offers when some of the Avengers have thinned out and it’s getting harder and harder to ignore each other. “He cares about you a great deal.”
It was more out of self-preservation than anything else, as he wandered into the communal space to find Tony half on top of Steve, perched on his thighs. They did this more often these days, the bridge between them rebuilt from the ashes.
Steve jams his thumb into the little button on a speaker box beside the window. “Hey. Hey, Tony.”
“Get this off. Right now. Fuck’s sake, Steve.”
Steve frowns, “I know you still love me.”
Tony draws a breath. “Okay.”
“You’ll be able to figure it out when we get there.” Bucky had told him. “Never met an O – anyone – that’d do something like that if there weren’t still feelings there. He loves you, Steve. You got some real grovelling to do, but he loves you.”
Maybe they can finish this tomorrow, when Tony’s had enough rest to regain the fire he needs to battle it out with the world’s most headstrong soldier. Does Steve know that he didn’t actually punch Hitler over two hundred times?
There’s an immediate rush of panic to the tune of
It wasn’t that Steve hadn’t realized before now, but it felt right. The last week had brought clarity and solidified something Steve had already known was there all along. Maybe it was supposed to be private, or romantic, or any other way than what he’d just done now, but it felt right.
“Nope. Absolutely not. Mute.”
“I want you to be mine.” He mouthed along Bucky’s strong jaw and felt Bucky’s hips twitch up towards him. The faint smell of bitter, dark chocolate nudged at the edges of his senses. Steve’s excitement, all eagerness and crackling lust. “Both of you, my Alphas. I’d be yours, and you’d belong to each other.”
“You’re going to need to come pick up the paperwork. The Clerk’s Office needs ID and a signature, I wasn’t able to pick them up myself. Why don’t you come stay with us for a few days while you’re in town? I’m worried about you. We’re worried about you.”
Tony bites out a sharp laugh. “Of course you’d think that’s why our marriage is ending. Did I miss you being this oblivious before I proposed, Steve? I feel like this is new, but maybe I was just blind back then.”
When did Tony grow up and become his parents? And if Steve and Tony are Howard and Maria, who does that make—
It doesn’t make sense, how after all these years together Tony could still feel this way. That nothing had changed between them, and Steve was still a villain in his story. That Tony couldn’t see his weight in gold in Steve’s eyes, how he mattered more than everything and Steve would find a way to breathe water if he had to, just to keep Tony safe and by his side.
In the same breath, Strange tells Steve that the rest of the team is needed in Wakanda. The chances are high that that’s where the attack will take place and T’Challa and the Dora Milaje will need them. In minutes, Wong will be appearing in the living room to escort part of the team through, the rest to arrive by Quinjet as soon as possible.
Tony bites back a moan and fists a hand against his forehead, shoving back onto Steve’s fingers when he adds one, then a second and spreads him to wiggle the tip of his tongue between them. He’s already loosening up, his hole neglected for so long, blossoming at the opportunity to take Steve inside him in again.
It’s smothering him.
, Tony wonders. “I’m sorry, what’s happening right now Honeybear? You’ve been singing a different tune for months and, what, Rogers turns his puppy dog eyes on and you’re suddenly Team
“Yeah, I got that much,” Tony tries to tease, aiming for a levity that doesn’t shine through. “I didn’t, ahem, I didn’t realize that you felt that way. That you realized how I–why I –”
There’s no more writing, but Tony can see the impressions of older notes written on the back that suggests the pad this sheet has been ripped from has been written on a hundred times before. Maybe Barnes has written the same note more than once, even.
A hand tugs Steve forward before he can start the next sequence.
Nausea rises in the back of Tony’s throat.
A chill slides down the back of his spine and the edges of Tony’s vision blurs white. “You think what we had meant
Fucking Steve.
“I’m not making you any stupid promises now, Rogers. You goddamn martyr. If we make it out of this, I’m going to drop you off a goddamn cliff myself. Or chain you to the bed for the rest of your natural life. You
(See the end of the chapter for
If you stumbled upon a circle of the more strictly devout, it was the Devil’s own work.
Tony kissed with an underlying desperation, as if at any moment Steve was going to pull away and leave him short. As if he had to fit a million kisses into one moment.
as if I’m having an irrational response to the most ludicrous, idiotic–”
“Got it, Cap!”
No one follows him, so he makes his way down to the workshop where he locks himself in and pulls up the newest mark of one of the Iron Man gauntlets. The bottle of brandy in his workshop seems like a fitting afternoon treat, and he pours himself a generous snifter.
Steve beamed at the eccentric billionaire, who winced and bit back his smile.
The fight is bleeding out of him and exhaustion is creeping back in. Tony feels fucked ten ways to Sunday and just wants to crawl into the nearest bathroom and scrub himself until he feels clean then sleep for a decade.
The soft lines around Tony’s eyes deepen like creases on a well-loved paperback, and Tony brushes his fingers through Steve’s hair, searching his eyes with an almost patient disbelief. “I love you, too. That’s why I married you, sweet pea.”
Bucky glanced over the back of the couch. “The ugly purple ones?”
“Don’t play dumb, baby, it doesn’t suit you.”
“I want to understand, I do, Tony.”
“Yes, okay? Yes, I know you trust me, and I didn’t question that for a minute. I just wanted to have some hot, rough sex with my fiancé, not a heart-to-heart.”
, I know you do. Christ, Steve, I’m going to–god, I’m going to come, Steve.
“I want to ruin you,” he groans into the hollow of Steve’s throat.
Tony leans his head back against the raggedy futon in the corner of his workshop. The lumpy old thing has been slipping down for days now, half spilling onto the ground. Every time he goes to readjust it, he finds himself collapsed on top of it, half on the floor, half on the unforgiving mattress. If Pepper were still coming by regularly, she would have forced him to clean it up by now. That, and the littered takeout containers DUM-E has been piling up in the corner.
Waking up in the future – the present – came with a whirlwind of new things to see and learn, and desperately try and understand. Some mornings, it had still made his head spin.
“Steve.” Tony sounds like he’s choking on his name, stumbling over the syllables. “You don’t have to be so goddamn earnest about it all the time.”
When conversation between them lulled, Bucky often drifted off into what looked to be a daydream at first glance, eyes filled with longing, subdued and far away.
Tony.
They’d been more oblivious than he’d expected and he had relished every moment of it. There were remnants of guilt in the back of his mind for avoiding them so long, but he’d wanted time to savour this.
“I’m just saying that we can’t put our stock in this. I don’t have a problem with oversight, I have a problem with a gag and a shock collar.”
All at once, it’s worse than anything he’s experienced. Worse than free-falling from space or drowning in the cave in Afghanistan. Worse than any hangover he’s ever had and the betrayals that have trailed after him his entire life.
All these years, all these miles on Steve soul, and here they are at odds once again.
“You figure out whatever you have to, Cap. I already told you no. And I would have said it a lot sooner if you’d bothered to ask me. Jesus.” He ran his rejection of a hand through his hair and stared at Steve with wide eyes.
Steve’s breathing hitched and he arched forward, coming with a bitten off moan as streaks of cloudy-white overtook the red and gold fabric, seeping into the faceplate and covering the little arc reactor. It just kept coming as Steve emptied himself onto the puppet, stroking himself through every aftershock until he was shaking and desperate to catch his breath.
Steve searches Bucky’s face, looking for some place that might give but Bucky isn’t fighting. He’s not going to hold him down or block his path. He just sits there, waiting, and Steve knows he won’t be able to make Bucky understand.
It soars through the air, silent and shining against the fluorescent lights and slices a clean sweep through the lowest part of Peter’s web just above his grip. Peter tries to launch another but Natasha’s throwing star slices through it before it makes contact with the ceiling and he shoots, toppling from the open air in a flurry of limbs.
“Give me the phone, Steve.” Bucky plucked the phone out of his fingers before Steve could get a word in and shoved him off when he tried to yank it back. “Stark.”
Tony’s back bows and he groans, bucking up underneath him, hips slotting into place as he squeezes his eyes shut and comes. Steve can’t stop staring at him.
After the first time, it had turned into somewhat of an event – save for last year when he’d simply mailed a card from Wakanda, wishing his silver-clawed friend many happy returns of the day. When they’d come home, and Steve had seen the card hanging by DUM-E’s port in Tony’s workshop, he’d known there might still be a chance for them.
Steve offers him a lazy smile paired with hooded, sparkling eyes. When he slides his hand down Tony’s chest, curling between his legs to wrap it around Tony’s cock, Steve lets out an endearing little gasp. As if it were the first time instead of the hundredth.
“I don’t want to screw this up, again.” Steve whispers, eyes welling with tears. He turns his head and presses his mouth into Tony’s palm, eyes drifting shut as the tears fill and slide down over his cheeks. This fear of being alone lives between them, joins them together. It makes everything that much more explosive. And terrifying. “Tony please, don’t let me screw this up again.”
Tony’s looking at Steve like he’s staring into the void and ready to fall. Steve wants to be there to catch him when he does.
“They weren’t.” Steve spins Tony around so he can drop down onto the bed and tug Tony into his lap. Strong, thick thighs wrap around his waist, and Steve knows he’s already done for, descending headlong into the revelation that is Tony Stark on top of him, all around him.
They’ve only talked about Steve’s missions a handful of times. When Tony’s raised the subject, Steve closes off, becoming cryptic despite Tony’s assertion that he’ll help.
“This is a little fucked up, even for you, Stark.” Tony shakes his head, burying his face in his hands and sliding the tips of his fingers into his hairline with a groan. “He’s not going to be happy about this.”
Of course, he did. Every damn day since New York.
“—You did, and you know you did. But I knew, Steve. Oh, baby,
Fucking wizards.
“Really nice work. But we’re going to work on your deception on Thursday.”
They haven’t gotten to Siberia. Tony’s terrified of what will happen when they do. But he learns so much about Steve and sees things that make him wonder who took sanding paper to the sharp corners of Steve’s self, polishing him into something even more beautiful; a rose without so many thorns.
Tony’s eyes dart away but a smile tugs at his lips. “Alright then, if you’re sure.”
“Is that right?”
Sweat clung to his brow and he was glowing.
“Maybe we could…” Steve tightens his grip around Tony’s waist and Tony stiffens because whatever Steve is going to say next is something that he’s afraid will set Tony off and maybe it will. Maybe it should.
This wasn’t what he’d—no, he hadn’t meant to—
Steve blinks.
With the limited view remaining through the HUD, Tony glanced down at the grip he had on Steve’s arm and both of Steve’s hands where they were wrapped around the curve of Tony’s elbow. The wind buffeted against him, cowl lost minutes before in the gale, as the rain soaked through his hair, a dark, drenched blonde plastered on his pale face.
Tony nods. “I get that.”
Steve hadn’t scented much before the war, and even afterward the serum, his scent was always light and sweet like the slivers of chocolate they’d get at base around Christmastime. Bucky had never experienced him smelling like
Steve pulls Tony into his chest, burying a sob in the curve of his throat. “I did. I told her.”
He crawls into his bed and doesn’t sleep. The flip phone sits in the nightstand of his bedside table and taunts him. There have been missed texts on it sporadically since Steve came back to the US, usually variations of apologies and requests to talk.
Instead, Steve hands him the benefit of the doubt right up front. “I already have.”
Tony had just cackled, laying a hand on his shoulder as he passed. An unexpected zing of heat startled along Steve’s spine and that night he’d dreamt about Tony touching him in a very different way entirely.
Tony shakes his head, incredulous. “What does that even mean? Honestly, Steve! I was never in a relationship with Captain America! It’s always been about you. Steve Rogers doesn’t have to be a coward. That was a choice
Tony’s on display across their bedspread, ass up, weight resting on his forearms, and as he presses his face into the mattress, he moans. He’s always been loud since that very first day, and it never ceases to stoke that low-burning fire in Steve’s belly back into a firestorm of want and desire.
Tony’s always been so goddamn beautiful with his ridiculous goatee and sparkling eyes. Steve holds his breath when Tony pushes him because people stopped pushing Steve after Project Rebirth. Tony sees past the muscle and the superhero mantle, and he
Disdain convulses across Tony’s face and before Steve can blink, he’s storming around the desk, stiff when he comes barrelling into Steve’s space. There’s a brief moment where Steve thinks Tony might cock back and knock him to the ground. He’s always said he’d love to punch him and maybe this is his chance. But once he’s close enough that Steve has to tip his head back to keep eye contact, Tony just fists a hand in his shirt and hauls him closer.
Hell, Tony will drop to his knees and apologize if Steve wants him to.
For all he knew, Tony was dead, laying on the ground, bleeding into the Wakanda foliage.
Instead, Mother Nature threw him headlong into a cycle of longing and desperation when his ‘
He gets it. Touching Tony feels like something stolen. Like something he hardly deserves because Tony was right: they were supposed to win, together. They didn’t.
“He’s right,” Steve whispers.
“Oh yeah, I didn’t even need to ask. Go ahead and fuck my face, honey. Remind me exactly who I belong to.”
It hits him that Steve might be out of his depth. Between Bucky’s smart mouth and Tony’s sharp personality, he should have predicted they’d become fast friends.
“He’s thinking about us! How did you miss that, Rogers? You think he’s just, what, having himself a pretty little murder daydream? Steve! He
“How does Tony like to eat his wagon wheels?”
Steve reads the line again. Has it really been almost a year? There’s a memorial raising in San Francisco next month.
Steve imagines it would be a challenge to find any man without regrets in his life. Perhaps his regrets are more massive than most, revolving around missed opportunities and the mistakes he’s made along the way but underneath that regret is a surprising sense of peace. It settles heavily on his shoulders and is not entirely unwelcome.
Steve sets a slow, teasing pace that the mood doesn’t call for, so Tony shoves his hips back and urges Steve to fuck him harder. When he doesn’t immediately comply Tony swears under his breath and kicks him again, this time in the side of the thigh.
“You’re people, huh?” Tony rubs a hand across his jaw and gives the kid a smile that doesn’t feel as genuine as it could be. “Thanks. But you really don’t need to worry. I’m fine. Let’s watch the movie, that’s what you wanted, right?”
— curls up under him, back arching like a cat, chasing the sensation as if Steve’s about to steal his fingers back any second.
“Tony I–”
But he couldn’t bring himself to stop, jerking off in earnest now in a race towards the finish line. In the end, the shame always lost, because this was Tony and Steve needed him more than he needed air to breathe.
“Sir’s been expecting you for a long time.” It sounds as if J.A.R.V.I.S. could be smiling.
Quiet moments pass and Steve focuses on the gentleness of Tony’s touch, sinking into it and drifting in the intimacy. After everything, he thinks he can still feel the love Tony has for him jumping from the tips of his fingers and working into Steve’s skin like a balm.
Steve gives him a dubious look but holds out his hand anyway. If they’re going to try and save the world again, there’s little more he can do with the nerves, and he never slept well the night before a mission anyway. He knows Morgan will always be safe, Pepper and Rhodey are more than enough protection. Tony has outfitted them with armour that rivals his own.
There’s just something about the way he says it though, that makes Tony hold back.
“Mr. Stark!”
When he’s done, Tony says again, “We have to find the others.”
It was too much. It was everything.
“Tony—”
last time.
“Traitor,” Tony points a warning finger at him.
The conversation had come after one of the particularly challenging nights, when Steve, horrified, had struggled to wake Tony from whatever he’d been seeing. Shaking his shoulders and trying to tug Tony closer into his arms to rouse him had been fruitless. The screaming had only intensified, with Tony lashing out against him with a violence that bordered on feral.
“I can’t. He wins if I go.”
There’s a small click, and then the room is aglow with the soft blue light of the reactor. The calm is instantaneous, chasing away the panic and welcoming in a fresh wave of embarrassment. It’s a silly thing. He’s a grown man, horrified by the dark without the nightlight that’s been living in his partner’s chest the last few months.
When he shuts off the engine and turns in his seat, one hand on the console that separates them, Tony follows the movement of his fingers and struggles to meet his eye.
It hits Tony abruptly that he’s not really sure. He’s happy, yes, blissed out and this is the best he’s slept in months. But there’s a lot that’s lying in wait, just below the surface, and Tony’d be a liar if he said there wasn’t still complicated layers of hurt, underlined with rejection and anger waiting to overflow. Some of it probably didn’t even belong to Steve, but it’s all there, swirling in the same gnawing pot of confusion.
“We’ll see you back in New York in two weeks. In the meantime, these are for you,” Tony shoves the first folder towards Barnes, making eye contact with him for the first time all week. Barnes eyes the folder as if it might jump out and bite him, but takes it and starts leafing through the papers.
Outside the Clerk’s Office, he pauses, just for a minute. The sun is a touch too warm over the layers of the suit and as he glances up at the unimposing doors, he can’t help but wonder how many people have walked through these doors, only to walk out alone. Maybe in more ways than one.
Steve paused, panting as he pressed his forehead against Tony’s thigh and tried to catch his breath. Tony could feel it too, the shadow of the feedback loop of pleasure they’d be missing this entire time.
“Yes?”
, Rogers. Fuck you. Don’t you dare.”
To be the first person to touch Steve had been a gift, and after, when Steve was breathless, spent inside of Tony’s body, he’d given him another gift and begged Tony to take him apart too.
Tony comes with a gasp, going rigid in his arms as he comes all over Steve’s belly. That’s all Steve needs to tip over the edge. It’s the nirvana across Tony’s face and the hot cavern of his ass tightening up around him and Steve’s gone, pumping into him until he can’t stand it. The aftershocks ripple like bolts of lightning low in his belly.
Tony was right. No surprise there.
“You don’t! You think you know better than me. You think you know what’s right and you never even consider that maybe sometimes I’m right too. This isn’t going to work if you keep thinking I’m beneath you, Steve.”
“Of course, that’s not what I think, Buck. I’m just saying—” Steve breaks off, abruptly realizing that he doesn’t quite know what he’s saying. But that’s definitely not what he’d meant. He’d only meant—
Over Pepper’s shoulder, Tony’s eyes find Steve’s. He only just makes out what she’s saying, the ringing in his ear a fitting companion to the burning that licks at the right side of his body. There are tears in Steve’s eyes. He’s staggering to his knees.
“And I’m happy for you. Truly.” Tony considers taking Steve’s hand and thinks better of it, lacing his fingers together and letting them hang between the slight spread of his knees. He’s mirroring Steve’s posture, he realizes a second too late. Trying to convey a comfort and ease he doesn’t feel, even now.
“Go, go,” Tony shoos them off. “I’ve got some work to do here, and Steve’s been sulking around like a kicked puppy for months waiting for you to wake up. Go!”
“I’m not sure. Nostalgia maybe.”
“Whatever you want.”
He can’t hold back the tears, eyes blurry, and Tony’s concerned face swims before his eyes. “Then, where are we? What is this place?”
“What’re we doing?” Steve whispers against his lips.
On a good day, Steve could still pull at the bond, sending and receiving little snippets of emotion and sensation between them, but it was weak. They’d agreed, when things had started to slot back into place, and Bucky had come barrelling into their relationship in full force, that it was something to be set aside and discussed another day.
“I resent that, JARVIS, you two-bit doorbell.” Tony warned, but the smile gave away his affection. “Throw it in Capsicle’s Birthday Surprise.”
about any of this.
Panic is a constant simmer just below the surface these days, but this is the first time in years he’s tried to kill it with whiskey. He doesn’t remember switching to whiskey, but whiskey is good. Whiskey helps turn the hurt back into rage.
Peggy is just as beautiful as she ever was, so still she could have been sleeping. Steve has seen more than his fair share of death, but seeing Peggy is something different. Her hair coils around her thin, time-weary face, and the flowers do their best to break through the cool sheen of death.
, Tony struggles against the almost-pain and the
Tony exclaims, on the defensive in a flash.
“What?”
It wasn’t long after before Bucky was in New York, lost and wandering through life all over again.
“Tony, come on doll, god look at you. You’re perfect. My perfect ‘mega, taking us both so well. Just want to keep you like this forever. Stuffed full. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
Tony stops doubting what he’s seeing and starts living again, revelling in the way that he feels whole even with a missing limb and a prosthetic that still pinches in the evening. Barnes tells him it gets better, or at least he had when Tony had been feeling particularly maudlin and called to complain to a fellow cyborg.
It starts to sink in. This really is forever. There’s going to be a later, and a much later after that and Steve can hardly wrap his head around it.
By the time Steve could get them both to safety, Tony would freeze to death. If he stayed in the suit, he would sink, heavy as a stone, straight to the bottom. Even Steve couldn’t bear the weight of the near five hundred pounds of gold-titanium alloy and Tony along with his own, and the churning sea of ink below them.
“You’re okay,” Steve murmured, hands trailing lower until he could peel the blankets back from Tony’s hips. “I’ve got you, Tony. You’re okay. Wake up now, sweetheart.”
Everything still manages to fall into place. They take two limousines and have to shake it up at the last minute, because Steve and Tony’s disagreement in the living room has left them broken off in groupings too similar to Germany. This can’t fall apart, not after all the hard work they’ve put in.
“Watch it, J.”
Steve does, hips pistoning faster now, with a hand sliding under Tony’s hip to grip his cock. He gets in one hard stroke before Tony’s smacking his hand away and shoving back harder. It hurts, and Tony wants it to hurt.
Amid the hum of conversation around him, Tony thinks about home.
They’ve been treating Steve with kid gloves since the battle, tiptoeing around him in the same way he’d watched everyone tiptoe around Pepper. Maybe what Steve deserves is to be yelled at. Bucky’s never shied away from setting him straight before.
As Tony broke through the surface, the suit collided with the wall of water and then there was nothing. No sound, the faint glow of lightening fading behind him, and Steve, eyes closed with a stream of unsettling bubbles rushing up towards the Iron Man suit in an underwater cloud. He dropped, heavy as a stone, unconscious.
They’d waited too long; Tony’s thoughts were frantic and the bond he left untouched in the back of his mind throbbed and sparked with a hope that startled him. It was rare for him to still feel Steve, sharp and present in the dark recess of his mind.
“No, that’s not—"
Tony snaps.
“Every time, Tony. There’s not a moment that goes by where I don’t mean those things, over and over again. You have no idea how badly I wish I’d – how much I wish I had been able to tell you, before.”
That doesn’t register, so Tony skulks numbly back down to his workshop to spend the rest of the evening pointedly ignoring a half-empty bottle of booze on the far counter. He can’t bring himself to pour it out yet. He might still need it.
There’s a long, unsettling pause. “Are you really thinking–”
Eventually Tony ends up in his bedroom, circling the floor like a dog unable to settle, waiting for his owner to come home. An owner that’s never coming home but didn’t have the decency to abandon him on the side of the road or drop him at the shelter. No, Tony’s here, restless and trapped, the food and water all dried up.
Their days turn into a steady routine of keeping Morgan safe and entertained. As she grows, Tony grows along with her, and Steve finds himself discovering new things about Tony he’d never known before.
It doesn’t take a shrink to tell Tony what these dreams mean, and living in a world without his partner and the kid is only living a pseudo-life, so he does his best to pretend he’s never had either. Instead, he focuses on making himself useful where he can, and on Pepper and Happy and their beautiful little daughter when he can’t. Morgan is a blessing and watching her learn and grow is a gift. She’s too smart for her own good and Tony worries after her endlessly.
“This can be enough. I don’t want you to wake up tomorrow and think that this is a mistake.” Steve leans back on his elbows but lets Tony take the rest of his weight where he’s pinned in place.
His tie is askew because he’s been playing with it on and off throughout the session this afternoon, and the vein that runs along his forehead and disappears down the left side of his face is defined and pulsing.
“If the kid really is a superhero he’s going to need to be trained, right? Supported. Maybe he doesn’t have anybody else out there. It wasn’t like that for us. Everyone knew I was Iron Man, and the U.S. Army was hardly going to keep all this super soldier sexiness a secret. We’ve always had people. This kid is going to need people, Steve.”
They talk openly when they can, and ask for more silence when it’s too much. Steve listens and respects him, even when Tony’s angry. Even when he tests him again, this time in front of the team, because Tony’s not perfect either.
Everything in Steve’s posture rejects that sentiment and Tony thinks that’s what destroyed them once. It’ll destroy them all over again if Steve lets it. Heaven forbid the man allow himself to have flaws, and give Tony the opportunity to love him – and them – anyways.
“Tony—”
They’d made it.
“Right. Yeah, they were—it was good.”
“And I think he’d thank me for this, Stevie,” Bucky goes on, as if Steve hasn’t spoken at all. “He gave up everything so we could live and this isn’t living. Not even close. He’d thank me and you know what? I can make my peace with that.”
Fuck, Steve couldn’t think, couldn’t even breath as he forced himself deeper, hurtling towards release like pistons set to full steam ahead. He pictured Tony’s eyes opening, watching him as he fell apart and it was too much.
“Say you’re not just doing this for the serum.” Tony bites down hard on his lip and Steve gasps, both hands flying into Tony’s hair to keep him close. It’s what Tony doesn’t say that makes Steve ache.
“Since the beginning of your sexual activities, Sir.”
“Then tell me,” Steve says, leaning forward and bracing his forearms on the table. “Explain it to me. I promise I’ll hear you out, but you can’t just expect me to blindly buy into this plan. I’m not making a decision that could have serious repercussions because you still think you have to atone for your sins.”
Tony swallows, saliva thick and sour in the back of his mouth. An empty commitment, months too late. “It’s a shame you never asked, Steve.”
If the floor had opened up and called him down to Hell he would have gone willingly. Revulsion and self-loathing churned in his stomach, burning him from the inside out as acid seared at the back of his throat and the weight of his transgressions settled over him.
They don’t have to say much to get Tony on board, and maybe that’s Steve’s fault. When Natasha and Scott eventually leave and Morgan is tucked into bed, Tony sits close to him on the couch and pets a hand along one of his thighs.
it doesn’t spark motivation to run through the same painful song and dance every thirty days.
Later, the elevator door opens and Rhodey is there smiling and looking relaxed in a pair of old jeans and a ratty MIT t-shirt. Pepper and Happy are setting plates on the table and the food is almost ready. It smells amazing, even though Tony’s appetite is nowhere to be found.
Not helpful.
He spins around with both of his hands up, sweat dripping into his eyes from where the faceplate has peeled back and blurring vision that’s already tunnelled with rage and panic. The repulsors crackle and glow a dangerous amber. If only Steve would just push him a little further. Give him an excuse.
for seven years and let Steve hold him and keep him safe. To give the same back to Steve.
Tony’s eyebrow twitched up.
Tony shrugs, coming to stand next to them. “He asked me what you were like now, and that was the first story that came to mind. Don’t shoot the messenger, I just wanted Buckaroo to be up to date on team dynamics for when we recruit him.”
It’s refreshing, being threatened to his face twice in as many days.
“I have a hunch.”
“I’ll keep an eye on it, Nat.”
Tony and Steve are in Siberia, only Peter is there instead of Barnes. It can end one of two ways: Tony watching as Steve beats Peter to death with the shield, the Spider-Man mask floating past his feet in a river of blood, or Tony, feeling Steve’s life slip away through his fingers as he and Peter destroy Captain America and fight for their lives.
Steve was going to ask Tony to marry him. Retire, move on, have a whole life together.
Comments are much loved, let me know what you think!
Steve rolls his shoulders back, and for the briefest moment, Tony thinks he might actually be talking to Captain America. They blur together before his eyes, a mixture of earnest regard and fierce determination, and it doesn’t feel like the man he’d married. There’s a touch too much of that red, white and blue.
Except it wouldn’t have been Steve because he would never–
Steve comes to him as an old friend with a mosaic of history and Tony doesn’t allow it to go any further than that. Steve only falls out of step once, when his eyes linger on Morgan in Tony’s arms and he gives Tony the look of ‘
Steve feels himself crack, glass spider webbing outward and little shares tumble free onto the ground. But Tony isn’t finished yet, he’ll want him to walk across the glass until his feet are bleeding and push him down onto his knees to watch him crawl.
“Do you need a software upgrade?” Tony asks absently, wandering over to the kitchen island where a lone letter sits aside from the rest. Mild risk upon opening?
“Come,” Tony bites out, fingers wrapping around Steve’s cock, stripping him roughly until he’s reduced to atoms and the pleasure that chases away any lingering doubt and uncertainty, wiping his mind blissfully blank.
It feels wrong. He tries to take a breath, but the cold creeps in on him out of nowhere. The room is warm and comfortable, so it must be psychosomatic but Steve can’t feel his fingertips. The ice waits to swallow him whole, dark and frigid, and reflexively, his grip tightens on Tony’s forearm.
Then it hits him, when Tony is using words like
For a moment, Steve wants to lose himself in the comfort of Tony stroking through the strands, soothing him the way his mother might have when Steve was a child. But he opens his eyes and looks up into Tony’s concerned face.
Things don’t change that much, just because a handful of signatures are curled in his fist, reminding him that it’s over now.
“T-ny,” Steve’s mouth doesn’t want to cooperate. He tries again. “T-Tony.”
There’s not a lot of light in the room, but there’s enough for Tony to take in the horrified look on Steve’s flushed face. He swallows hard, resisting the urge to cover himself and close his eyes.
“Yeah. I guess I do.”
If that was true, why was the shame curling tighter and tighter in his core, biting at the pleasure that didn’t fade as he worked his palm up over his cockhead?
Tony is absolutely covered in come and the way that now makes him feel sick sits heavy in his stomach; a stark contrast to a reel of beautiful, technicolour memories of what it once meant to feel owned. Marked.
A flurry of motion has people filing out of the massive conference room, and Tony looks away from Ross’s glowering face to focus on Rhodey. Steve lingers across the room from him, somehow Tony knows it without looking over.
He could keep shouting at Bucky for interfering, or beg him for another sequence. Just one last time to go through the memories; the real ones, even. But the exhaustion sets in and Bucky’s an immovable force when he wants to be. Steve already knows he won’t budge.
“Tony–”
Clint burst out laughing. “I’m sorry, what? Did you just say wagon wheels? How old are you, man?”
“Steve, no offense, but I’d really feel more comfortable with you at my head,” Pepper says, and he snaps back to himself, forcing his feet to move until he’s got her other hand in both of his. They flank her on either side, and over the top of her head, Tony smiles at him.
Steve squeezes him tighter, hiding a smile in his hair. “Okay, Tony.”
It doesn’t feel like enough.
“Alpha,” Tony whimpered, Bucky making the slow press into his hole before he slid home, thrusting deep into him. Oh, if that wasn’t perfect.
Was it too much to hope that this was the frigid chill of Siberia starting to thaw?
For a moment, Steve’s completely disoriented. His nails scramble against the floor as he tries to reach for the glasses. He has to go back. He has to try again because maybe this time he’ll get it right. One of these times, he’s got to be able to get it right.
The curve of Steve’s lip twists upward under his touch. For a fleeting moment Tony realizes he gets to have this again. He gets to have this for the rest of their lives and it steals his breath away. Loving Steve has never been easy.
Steve flushes, delighted, but chides, “
This was wrong. He shouldn’t do this. It wasn’t right.
“That’s it, sweetheart, look at you.”
Steve holds up his hands. “I didn’t—”
“I heard you.” Tony cuts him off, not prepared to hear Steve try and talk him out of this, if that’s what he’s trying to do. “I don’t know if you know that I did, but I heard you back before, when you–”
“Stark, be reasonable. Sergeant Barnes is responsible for the—”
“I mean, you could have seen me last week if you’d shown up for DUM-E’s birthday,” He teased and was rewarded with a chastising gasp. “But I suppose being a hot-shot CEO means you’re extra busy these days.”
himself think…
Tony says.
“We don’t do this. But. I just, I have to tell you. And if we get a chance to figure it all out later, I’ll still feel the same–this isn’t a goodbye thing, except maybe it kind of is–God, I hope you can hear me. Can you hear me, honey?”
He doesn’t react fast enough to catch Tony, his arms hanging like deadweight at his side with Peter no longer in them. Tony collapses onto leaves streaked with blood and remnants of their friends. His clenched fists slam into the earth, and Steve expects him to scream.
Something tugs at his mind, and it’s not fully formed through when Tony gives him a little thumbs up and whispers, “Together, right?”
“If you don’t want to…” Tony trails off, searching Steve’s face with uncertainty.
He kisses Steve with everything. Everything that he hasn’t said for months. All the love and heartache Tony’s been trying to live with; trying to drown in booze and projects that barely make a dent in easing the storm of emotion inside him. Compared to this, they seem like fruitless endeavours now because he’s only ever been able to quiet the storm with Steve’s hands on him, his mouth sealed to his own.
And here they were, already teaming up against him.
Tony shifts back into his arms, fingers on his face, stroking his cheeks, his mouth. “Okay. Okay, I know. It’s terrifying, but we’ve done a lot of terrifying things, haven’t we, Steve? I can’t explain it, but this feels right. I’m not saying you have to decide right now, but will you think about it?”
“I never meant for any of this to happen.” He ignores the question. “I just want us to be accountable to something more than ourselves. And you know what kills me? That’s not even what this is all about for me. I can handle a little political disagreement. Hell, I’m not even in full support of the damned Accords.” Tony looks up then and pins her with a glare. He’s going there before he can stop himself. “You knew, didn’t you?”
Tony moans, loud and long, his grip tightening up until only the red flush of his cockhead peaks out between his fingers, dripping a steady stream. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you? Get me there. Come on, harder. Steve,
“Can I take a look at this later?” Peter blurts, “if you wouldn’t mind Mr. Barnes, Sgt. Barnes, Winter Soldier, uh, sir? I’ve never seen anything like this before. It’s amazing.”
“Because, you arrogant, stubborn bastard, despite everything, I still want to have faith in you. I want to believe that ending our marriage meant something. I want to believe that you can be better than the man who lied to me, who stopped listening to me. Who tried to kill me, okay Steve? I want to believe there’s a better man in there.” He slaps his hands against his knees and gives the chair across from him a pointed look. “So, which man are you gonna be?”
It doesn’t even have anything to do with Barnes, not really.
By the time his foot hits the first step, everything is media perfect. Steve and Tony work together, as well as they ever have despite the tension that crackles in the space between their bodies and the podium. The Avengers file out and shuffle into place around Scott, Sam and Peter as they add their names to the Accords. Rhodey is there for show; he signed months ago when the team had been abysmally shorthanded and needed the War Machine to show the world it was still safe, still protected.
“Steve.” He jerks up, and Tony is smiling at him. The doctors are waiting to push the IV, and there’s a respirator mask in the hands of the nurse nearest his head. “You remember what I told you, right? It’ll be fine because we’re together. You made it, and I’m going to be fine.”
“Perfect, I’m never making anything fancy again then. From here on out, everything will be boiled or overcooked and the only seasoning will be salt. Maybe pepper, but only if you’re really good.” Steve winced immediately; the innuendo landing heavily between them.
Things had been bad after Siberia. He’d called multiple times and all of the messages went unanswered. When he’d sat down and written the letter, Steve had genuinely expected Tony to call. He’d spent days waiting by the phone, listless and uncertain while Bucky remained suspended in cryostasis and Steve couldn’t—wouldn’t—go home.
Tony looked down at him, an uncertain smile playing on his lips. “You want to get out of here?”
There’s just
“That’s it, Maguna. You’ve got it.” Tony sounds as proud as he’ll be on the day she learns to ride a bike. It’s something so simple, but everything she does is amazing. “Now, you eat it, or I’ll eat all the fruits and there will never be any left for you again, ever.”
A desperate whine dragged Steve back from his memories and he jerked his head up. Tony was still asleep, his face contorted against the pillows.
“Yeah. Godmother, if Mom was to be believed, but she and Howard had a falling out a few years after I was born. They never mentioned it after that. Aunt Peg was always there in the background, though.”
Tony watches as a few more memories fly by Steve, quick snippets of their time together. They’re always the same, Steve finds a way to tell him the truth, whether the truth about his parents, about Bucky, about lying to him if enough time has passed to warrant it. All of it.
When he finally drifted into an uneasy sleep, the odd, sweet scent of Tony’s… whatever it was, interrupted his dreams and set his blood stirring in his veins.
Steve hadn’t taken him for granted either, Tony reminds himself. Until he did.
Bile bubbles up from his stomach because for all Bucky’s charm in the world, Tony still can’t wrap his head around why it had to be
“Now you better tell me what’s goin’ on, right now Stevie.” Bucky growled, pointing a finger in his face.
“Right, obviously.” The sarcasm rolls of her tongue, thick and lilting.
“Don’t you want to fuck me, sweetheart?”
“Tony, yes. Yes sweetheart, come on. Like you mean it,” Steve pants, bracing his feet on the bed for leverage and trying to arch harder into Tony’s thrusts.
For a second, he thinks it must be a game, one that Steve’s played so well, lulling Tony into a sense of security, letting him feel like he mattered, like Steve finally heard him, trusted him,
He smelled like Heaven, and Steve smelled even better when he was at his side.
Flat and detached, as if he’s talking about someone else’s broken body, he explains, “I had a few broken ribs. One of them had dislodged some bone shards in a few places and collapsed one of my lungs. With the pre-existing heart issues, it was touch and go for a while there.”
Steve drops to his knees with a sharp crack against the floorboards, bits of straw poking in through his jeans. Tony’s hands are in his hair at the same time Steve reaches for his belt, tearing it open and shoving his pants halfway down his thighs.
Tears threatened behind his eyes. This was what Steve had been waiting for; being joined with Tony again after so long. It was a desperate form of agony he’d never experienced before.
Tony is gone and he’s never coming back and Steve ordered around his dead body in the suit and he—
Somehow, the gesture means more to him than the conversation. It leaves him aching, a little more feeling than he’d anticipated doing today. When his mind drifts to the next natural though–a stiff drink would be too easy a cure for the flurry of emotional butterflies colliding in his stomach–he fumbles his phone out of his pocket and runs his hand across the cool, flat screen.
“Uh, closure?” Tony offers and Rhodey cuffs him on the back of the head before he slings an arm around his shoulders and tugs him into a hug.
“I love you. Oh fuck, Tony, I love you.” Steve is murmuring in his ear. It sounds like a lie. Steve doesn’t know what he’s done.
“Yeah, that tastes really good,” Tony gets out. His face is flushed red beneath the lines of his goatee and the streaks of dirt from the battle still smeared across his cheeks.
The metaphor wasn’t entirely wrong, Bucky remembering the bigger moments, the things that really mattered, while everything else slid through and disappeared. The first few months after the programming had been removed had been the worst, Bucky forgetting large pockets of time.
So, when things started to change, Bucky assumed it was Tony that had set the ball in motion. Tony seemed to set everything in motion.
and all that, right? Seriously Romanoff, what do you want, because I’m kind of busy here.”
They’re blueprints for a prototype of his arm. Tony’s been told there’s a tech genius in Wakanda that marvels his own and at least until Barnes is stateside this will be better than the stump of a shoulder joint he’s currently sporting.
Tony’s ended the fight, in a way and in the process, Steve has taken his home.
Barnes doesn’t seem to know how to take him, “Uh, thanks.”
“Yeah, and I’m your dick.”
“What in the world–”
Rhodey was silent for a long moment, buttering slices of toast and sliding the omelets onto two plates. They settled back at the table, Tony poking absently at his food. Unsurprisingly, he’s lost his appetite.
It’s so strange, hearing Steve ramble. Always so self-assured and confident. The man with a plan, every word that leaves his mouth selected with intention and precision. Steve looks more exhausted than ever.
Things only get weirder over the next few days. Every morning he wakes up on the far side of the bed and can’t help but feel like there is some old warmth missing. JARVIS started playing music automatically after the third morning Steve requested it, but still his bedroom feels too quiet. The coffee continues and for all it is a nice indulgence, it is not something he remembers setting up. If the oddities ended there, he might have just written them off as some lingering feeling from a recurring dream he doesn’t remember in the morning. However, they are just the beginning and by far the least confusing things.
“Hush, you.” Luckily, he pushes said strands back before Steve can make an idiot of himself. His little smirk has grown into a full smile now and Steve would hate to ruin the comfortable atmosphere.
“I don’t know what an IQ is, but I’m pretty sure you are exaggerating.” And he sounds it too, none of the embarrassment he radiated after the Wizard of Oz incident. Tony’d nearly hugged him after that cringy display.
“At Il Ghiottone?” Tony asks, smile unreasonably bright.
The uncertainty of how a women dead for over two decades manages such a feat is what keeps Natasha from writing it up in her final analysis of Stark. At least, that is the unbiased reason she tells Fury later, when a certain discovery off the coast of Greenland pulls everything out into the light.
“Yeah.” Tony says and something about his tone pulls Steve back up from the pad. He is still looking at the screen, but there's no focus in his eyes. It may as well be a window for all he is looking straight through it. “It’s really good, you’ll love it.” He continues, but his voice wavers on the last few words and something wet is catching at the edges of it.
“Yes!” His grins grows even wider, even more fake. “I need to keep looking my best now that I’m no longer CEO. I’m scoping out some people who might want me as a kept man.”
“Jesus.” Tony breathes out reverently and Steve’s smirk grows more wicked when the doors open to let them into the penthouse living room. They don’t say much else. They also manage both rounds in the bed this time and Tony feels like the sheets really need to be burned before he sleeps in them.
"Budge over." Tony demands, turning to drop his mug on the table, on top of a coaster because he is a civilized man.
"Tony." It hangs there, not demanding anything.
Steve starts, eyes flickering over Tony’s entire face like he can’t help but doubt the intention in Tony’s words. He deflates a little and rubs at the back of his neck. “I haven’t been a very good friend lately.”
It does little to calm them and Iron Man makes his way to the open latch without so much as a word.
The comforts are little, but with them she slips from gala to party all fall and spring without too many fits of panic. When Tony comes home for the Christmas breaks, she bundles him in hot blankets, tells him she loves him and drinks enough wine to not worry about the red flush of his cheeks when they both sit too close to the fire place.
“No, it’s fine. I get it.” Tony replies after a pause. His voice is light, choppy. When Steve looks up, Tony is staring at his fingernails and his face is so completely blank the face plate might as well still be on. “Not exactly what you were expecting, ” he continues with a vague gesture to himself and snaps his eyes up. They are cold, hardening as he lifts his chin and squares his shoulders. It makes Steve coil, makes some of his own shame and guilt abate. Then Tony’s hand spasms in his and Steve’s eyes snap down to them. There is the tiniest tremor there, the tips jerking up and down like Tony wants to let go and start tapping them but wants to hold on tighter too.
“The change in everyone’s behavior began twenty three seconds post this recording. There was also a large energy outpouring from one of the artifacts recovered in Athens at roughly the same time. However, no other wishes were able to replicate those readings.”
“I’ll kill him. I’ll go kill him right fucking now.” Somewhere in Tony’s musing Rhodey moved from the bed and began pacing the room. He is a ball of bursting rage and Tony could cry at how deeply he loves James Rhodes.
They both look away at the same time, eyes misty. Tony reaches out to squeeze her hand. He is not sure if it is more for him or not.
“Would you like that on speaker?” JARVIS asks, even as the room fills with the first ring of the call.
Avengers’ movie nights where anything but scheduled at first and more like something that just started happening once or twice monthly without any conscious decision. Now though, every third Tuesday (or Wednesday if super villains decided they needed to shit on that particular parade), they all congregated at 7 o’clock sharp. Always in lounge wear and ready to spend the first twenty minutes arguing for their bid. They’d considered setting up some type of schedule, but half the fun came from pleading for votes. It brought them all together more than any amount of joint training ever could and was certainly something everyone looked forward to.
“Still.” Steve can’t help but reply. Even if they can fall into this as easily as they seem to be doing right now, he knows he’ll want to really apologize for it at some point. He said some terrible things, picked a fight with the first person to push his buttons and no matter how much of a role Loki played, he still regrets it.
“Can’t help that you don’t have taste buds after all that army food.” He turns to look at Steve and it feels so easy like this. There is still anger there, still a kind of hurt that can’t help but scar, but they’ll have time to talk about it later. They’ll have time to fight about it later. Figuring it out can be left until the storm breaks.
“All good things I promise.” Stark replies immediately, waving his hands in front of him in reassurance. He seems to catch the silliness of the gesture and lets them drop back to the table with a chuckle. Smoothing one hand through his hair and grabbing his mug for another sip, he continues, “I doubt there would be anything bad to tell.”
“Come to bed, Tony.” Steve tells him in the same gentle tone he used to direct Tony through preparing dinner, After everything his name shouldn’t make his eyes sting so badly.
His brain might just be spilling out his ears, which is the only reason he doesn’t stop himself before muttering, “You can stay.”
“Tony, Tony.” Is all Steve says back, over and over into the side of Tony’s face, into the crook of his neck and the underside of his jaw. Then his hips snap up so hard, Tony can feel it all the way up his arm and he is groaning so loud and long into Tony’s neck, it sends vibrations all along it.
“God, Tony. I want you so bad.” Steve blurts. For a second Tony just looks at him, but the words finally translate into some kind of meaning and his body suddenly sets itself on fire. His cheeks feel tight, the whole room gets so hot and Tony can hear the pounding of his heart in his ears. Steve just says it so sincerely, practically groans out the admission and Tony can’t figure out what on earth he is supposed to do with it.
He looks down and away and it breaks her heart a little to know there are still things he keeps from her. After everything, he still holds so much of himself away from the world. His forefinger and thumb rub together from inside his thick welders gloves before he flips on the torch and points it at the metal. She wants to say something, wants to pull him back to their light joking. Wants him to know that she is always here, no matter what else is thrown at them, no matter if they never learn to love each other in any different way than they do now. Instead she looks back down at her papers, shuffles them at bit more and pulls up all the professional walls that serve her so well at the male dominated board meetings.
“Well, I feel like something is off.” He begins and shakes his head because honestly that makes it all sound so simple. “More like everything is off.”
Using his name doesn’t really help, but by the time the elevator opens on the private party being held on the common floor the tension doesn’t feel so sharp. It almost doesn’t feel forced when Steve settles over his shoulders again and pulls him out.
“Captain Rogers?” And jesus, Tony wants to focus on how he sounds like he doesn’t know his own name. He really does, but holy shit his voice just about lights Tony on fire. The tether is undulating somehow, like it wants to snap closer at their virtual proximity but can’t. Pepper sends him a strange look, but it takes Rogers confusion flooding his senses to bring him back into the room.
As soon as he thinks it he hates himself, because Yinsen was meant for so much more than being trapped in Tony’s personal hell. He can only hope he is just an echo, a construct built for him like a LMD or, maybe more accurately here, a demon. When he rolls to his left this time, he only pulls enough to make a noise. Once does not prove a pattern, but Tony is a smart guy. Here he has Yinsen. If he loops again, those glaring lights will surely blind him. If he doesn’t, well, there is no way anything better is planning to meet him.
“I think I’m starting to like you Rogers.” He can’t help but admit. Honestly if he has to be stuck feeling anyone's emotions, at least dealing with them comes with some nice perks on his part.
They never really got past their terrible introduction, only managing pleasantries and shop talk. Steve always tries to keep a cool head around him, thankful for the aid and resources he freely provides the team. Admittedly, he could have done a better job, but even with two years of living in the same building they simply never interact enough to build up much of a rapport. It may be time to really work on that. “It’s been pretty quiet otherwise, so I’ve even managed a bit of time for sketching.”
Steve blinks and searches back in his memory for the image of the artifact. It comes up, bright and focused like his memories should be, like they’ve been since that fateful day decades ago. That mission was simple, requiring just himself, Natasha and Thor. They brought back the strange stones that appeared after defeating the small group of visiting aliens. Those things have been in Tony’s workshop for more than three months now.
“Hush,” Steve says, but his voice is calm, his arm still nestled behind Tony’s neck.
“And I need you to personally make sure Ho Yinsen is taken care of, money is no object for this one and I want to know the second they have him awake.” He continues with little pause.
So, Tony relaxes in carefully calculated intervals and plays up the wariness for every single mercenary tasked with checking in and feeding them. So far they follow exactly the same falsely random pattern of check-ins and examine the exact slowly refined materials on exactly the right day. If Tony can maintain the plot outlined on page 16 of his matress manuscript, they will finish on time. Five days before their captures grew too suspicious and threatened to kill Yinsen in his last life. Before night watch has a chance to finish switching out for morning, Tony will be suited up beside a shielded and armed Yinsen.
“I’ll have your back.” They nod and the clock is down to T-minus 3, so Tony moves towards the armor without further discussion. Yinsen waits to follow until the sounds of boots and voices pass their door, signaling the switch from night to day watch. Then he jumps up and they seamlessly move into assembling the metal plates around Tony. With the first clang of pieces latching together, time suddenly speeds forward with a jerk and everything begins spinning into frantic motion.
"I'm getting decaf, Mom." Tony responds with the same easy muscle memory, picking the cup up and taking a much too hot sip.
Rogers seemed to anticipate these moves too, cluing in somehow to Tony’s own worries and reacting to his presence just before he made it to his star spangled side. They were a work of art together, some beautiful piece of machinery oiled and calibrated to perfection. It was exhilaration in raw form and Tony is scared shitless about it. This entire situation, this entire new sense of reality is honestly too much for him to handle.
“You know that’s not what I meant.”
She wound down the middle of the road, three black cars behind her, and she could only look forward and hope they’d run out of gas before she did but this was a long ass highway.
But it wasn't. Steve was waiting on the first floor of the building, in civilian clothes with a beard.
Steve blinked, the apartment was almost completely dark, and the music quietly continued in the background, “I didn’t know you were married.”
They stood there in silence, the air thick with anger, resentment, and most of all confusion.
“My.. my sacrifice?” Lara repeats. Matveev doesn’t answer, and turns to Svetlana who’s face has taken on an ashen quality.
He nodded, but his muscles tensed. He hadn’t been there in weeks, and he’d hardly used his TV since he moved in. He just nodded towards her, but carefully walked towards his door.
“What did they write about you?”
Brynn must not have thought this funny, “Yeah I guess, I think I liked my parents though. More than you liked your parents.”
“No, Antoinette, you can’t, you can never play with us!” The boy closest to her said, and it took Antoinette by surprise, usually they just made fun of her, saying she’s be bad at basketball, or she was a girl so she couldn’t play, or that because she was wearing a dress.
Maybe it’s for the best she doesn’t have a relationship when she starts college, now she can focus on the robot she’s bulding. If asked the purpose of robot, it’s for daily life assitance, but it in the very first beta stages of design. If why she built it, it’s because she wanted to build a fucking robot.
If you wanna drop a comment or a kudos, please do AKA validate me.
Svetlana squirmed and cried for a moment, gripping her injured wrist, when Tania crouched over her, and started punching her in the face.
“You’ll all be armed, and released into the Red Room’s playground.”
“Lose me?” Tania said, “Why would you lose me?”
Tania grunted as she tried to refocus, and Toni swept her legs down in one fell swoop. She fell to the ground, landing on her arm splayed out.
Her other beacon of light was a new friend she met at a summer program at MIT, James Rhodes. She and him emailed too, he was in the same grade and he even lived nearby, she and him seemed to click in the same way Lucie and her had. Well not exactly the same way, she couldn’t imagine Rhodey kissing her, he was like the brother she never had.
Eva slides beside her, Toni ignores. Sometimes she does this at lunch. It’s probably the most annoying timing.
“Of course.” Steve said, impatiently, “But you didn’t notice any details that might indicate where-”
“Thanks Fury. I appreciate it.” She says, “But I have a few things to sort out.”
With only one more floor to go, he pauses to pass the girl standing in the hallway talking on the phone. He almost squeezes by. Natasha’s voice is in his head suddenly, “You know if you asked Kristen out, from statistics, she’d probably say yes.”
“I don’t know. I wasn’t ready. I was still so angry.” She pauses, “Maybe I still am.”
“They told me my name.”
“You made her.” Toni said
The room was a mess, towels and clothes were strewn through the door, and a half empty beer bottle lay on the bed sideways, having already spilled some contents on the sheets. She pities the real maids.
The she gets to Howard, his inventions mostly how he upgraded the US in times of war, the Captain doesn’t seem all that interested. “How got married in nineteen sixty three.” she continues,
“Toni. Stark.” She said slowly, sitting down in front of him, his face light up in recognition
She let her get up, and begin again, neither struck each other for a moment, but that wouldn’t go over well with Madame, so Toni started to jab her in the stomach.
But now Eva was on the other side so Tania and Toni were their biggest competition, their biggest threat.
He walked into her lab one day, uninvited might she add, and looked at the sheild, “Is this for me?” he asked,
She stares at the gun and fires a round into the wall, but nothing comes out.
“Koila?” Toni said, “That’s your name right?”
“She called me a freak.”
She had been his mission all those years ago.
She made them line up next to the mirror before she began again, this time studying each of us a moment, “I will now issue the uniform you will be expected to care for and be wearing at every class. She held up a small black leotard, and loose ballet slippers.”
“I won’t tell anyone.”
But Antoinette turned around unfazed, even comforted in her routine of rejection, because at least she could count on it.
My best friend murdered your parents totally trumps I’m not telling you who fathered my child. Any day of the week. Easy.
“Toni Stark? Oh my god!” The nurse ran out of the room, moments later more people arrived, Toni blinked and the blackness faded. She made out a doctor peeking at her with a flashlight.
But Toni still stands in front of her, unblinking. “You’re getting rusty, Judyta. I switched them out for blanks two hours before you got here.”
“So what?” Toni said defensively, she didn't mean to bare her soul to these two
“There was no accident.” Toni said, “You killed him. That man killed him.”
For a moment Eva almost seems to try to talk again, and Toni wants to hold her back, to protect her from Madame’s wrath, when she regains composure and satisfies herself with glaring at Toni.
“You… you do?”
“My actions?” Toni asked challenging him,
She steps out and breathes deeply, a smile playing on her lips despite herself, and she only just noticed the helicopter approaching in the distance.
Thanks to my godsend of a beta! <3
How long with this trial be?
“Oh so you killed her?” Katya says, “Well that’s much better.”
“The Red Room was contacted by an organization that helps finance the program, and in turn we provided fully fledged assets for their use. However, they require someone right now, and all available assets are otherwise in use, so we offered the best of one of our older classes, the winner of tonight's competition.”
“There is a reason.” She mumbles, her hand firmly planted on her stomach
Finally she stood up and slowly pulled a top drawer open to reveal the manilla folders.
“Hey what’s this?” One of Howards closer friends Toni recognzed as Obidiah said, looking at another work desk with the proto gun on it.
But eight months was the worst. In month nine she was given numbing pills but eight was spent sideways like a beached whale, while she ironically read about Ronnie Richards accidentally blowing up a yacht and even getting sent to jail overnight. She wondered where he’d be if she’d told him. Maybe next to her right now, maybe across the country hiding his face, denying paternity calling her a whore. Who knows.
“Just me.”
“Maia Peterson has just been admitted at hospital in New York. Her parents came her because her biological mother lives her, and you’re listed as such. Can you get to New York City Children’s Hospital as quickly as possible?”
Madame nodded, “And so I thought Lucifer was a fitting name for the angel who fell the furthest.”
“Red Room? Like this?” Toni said,
“You want to kill the Winter Soldier?” Fury says, “Why?”
“Did you make it?”
“Antoinette Stark...Toni?” She repeats out loud, “Maria and Howard, exterminated.”
“Steve. I gotta go. Your arm weighs like twenty pounds I can’t lift it.” She mumbles
“She’s kinda got a vendetta. Revenge is a powerful motivator, I mean I’m still pissed at the Instructor who brought me in.”
“She was still breathing when I put my guns away,” she cocked her head to the side, “Can you say the same?”
She glances towards the remaining candidates, they’re all standing stuck in their places, eyes wide. Even Tania looks helplessly at Toni.
“I couldn’t stand it anymore. The killing. I was becoming like him. A puppet. A murderer.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Toni squirmed to the corner of the back seat, trying to control her breathing, trying to be silent. He ripped off the back door opposite her anyways.
“They’ll have heard that. We have to move.”
“Do we have an update on family? Or her name?” The doctor said, “I don’t know how much more we can do without consent.”
“Am I in the hotel’s system as a maid?” Toni asks,
“Is there a problem, Sobol?” Madame said, “We’ve got a lot to discuss, and not much time.”
They were late, just a little. But enough to get a scolding from the Instructor and a glib look from Tania and her pack of ghouls.
He expects Sam to turn him and Natasha away. Hell, he expects Natasha to ditch him the first chance she gets. He might if he could.
Toni curses, “I can’t.” She stands up suddenly and starts putting her clothes back on,
“In another life we’re best friends. We probably have an apartment together.”
She sat down at the counter, opposite him, “I do realize, but it’s still my name of the lease and on the bills so...”  she said poking the mess she’d left on the counter. It wasn’t that big a deal, and she’d actually meant to clean it up before they got home, but there was this huge explosion in the lab and motor oil is a bitch to wash off so she’d gotten distracted.
The fire wasn’t easy to light, it took most of her patience not to kick the whole set up to smithereens numerous times, before she finally felt set up.
The older woman is staring at a book unpleased when Toni appears in the doorway, she looks up after a second, “Sobol, you’re back early.”
He peered in curiously, his face was almost familiar, despite being mostly covered up. She pushed her back further into the door, but he snatched her by her foot and dragged her out of the car. As she hit the pavement, and was dragged into the highway, she waited for his fists to hit. She covered her face as best she could, but her head and back hurt so much she couldn’t think straight.
No one knew about the crash. She paid the news to keep it quiet and remain anonymous. All the offenders died in the crash.
“Yes I do. I’d like to tell Jason Leonards that I happen to love the color red, and I was wondering if now that he’s crossed off criticizing a six year olds wardrobe choices he feels better about himself. Inquiring minds want to know.”
Toni nodded, “It went sour, I was in trouble, you saved me.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s your body withdrawing from all the alcohol.” Tera said unsympathetically as she held Toni’s hair back, when she puked into the toilet.
“Is it.. still in me?” She says slowly,
Soon he didn’t get out of bed, then he couldn’t. Doctor’s tossed around diagnoses like catch, syndromes and rare disorders floated around Toni’s head, but she knew the real sickness he had was her.
Madame gave Katya an unamused look, “Defiant doesn’t mean weak. Quite the opposite actually.” she turns to Toni,
Comupence
“Can I play?” She asked quietly, and all the boys turn to her, in the beginning they looked at her in disbelief, now they were just annoyed.
The remaining candidates are gathered in the dining hall quickly after, Eva is led away shortly and returns wearing a change of clothes. Tania and Klara are looking at Toni confusedly.
“She didn’t remember much by the time you came around. There’s a lot you didn’t know.”
They almost don’t hear the rustling leaves behind them, they’re almost so caught up in the moment they let Eva and her assault rifle take them by surprise.
They all stare at her. No one moves till Matveev orders them to their beds.
Toni blushes, “Gee thanks.”
The dramatic reading of Toni and Lucie’s emails blindsided Toni. She had to admit, it made them look very much in love, but Toni wasn’t sure how she felt about that word. She told Lucie she loved her, but she didn’t know what love was.
“Tell him the situation, it’ll be too late when she wakes up.” The doctor says, they return quickly,
“That’s not true.” Toni said, avoiding eye contact with Nika, “My parents sold my sister Ursula and I to a whore house, the Red Room rescued us, but couldn’t save Ursula from her injuries. I only suffered from a concussion, which gave me long term amnesia.”
No matter how many times a personal assistant picked her off the floor the next morning she always managed to find a new one to pass out on that night. There was always someone willing to fuck, and since she was turning 18 in a few short months, she’d be legal to buy all sorts of shit.
“What is a grab bag exactly?” Toni says,
“Workout?” Nika says, “Is that why you’re so good in ballet class, and sparring?”
She walks out of the room as an agent walks in, and starts escorting her out, “I think I upset her.”
Ok so this gets dark, you've been warned, but then again what do you expect out of a Red Room fic? Please leave a comment below, they give me life, even one word literally makes my day. Thanks a billion to my beta! Could do it without ya!
“No.”
“I’m Toni Stark! That’s what’s wrong! I literally cannot fuck you, it’s just now allowed. The last time I fucked my dad’s business rivals’ kid...”
Toni cracked a smile, she never heard anyone directly mock Howard.
“She needs a doctor!” Sam says, “She’s losing blood.” Natasha groans, but swats his hand away, “I’m alright.”
Madame laughs, “I did? Did I? Who pulled the trigger?”
Toni struggled against the ties, the bound her hand to the back of the chair, “Help her!”
Not that Toni asked, she didn’t want to know. Cancer, brain tumor, kidney problems, heart failure, whatever it was. Toni would research it, find out current treatment methods, point out their flaws, fix them, and once she had a better process of treatment she would realize that she’s still too late. Maybe one day she’ll look up cause of death but right now Toni was doing her best not to die of a broken heart.
Time: 1214
“I can’t take a media shitstorm right now. I’m supposed to be keeping a low profile.”
“I can’t do it. I can’t kill anyone else. Not like this.”
Bang bang bang. Legs to incapacitate, sternum for maximum organ damage, and then the head. The kill shots.
The room she and Eva had been locked in for an hour was familiar, and she only realized at that moment it was the same room she’d been dragged into numerous times before.
She thinks losing Lucie is even worse than the silence her absence left behind, but not by much.
Finally she came to Toni, already gone through the cycle, she came back to English, but with a Russian accent. “Tell my about your home.” Kozlov said.
“I’m no candidate, take me back and maybe I won’t tell them everything I’ve learned about you people.”
“You weren’t having a teenager rebellion phase Tania! You were murdering people, you killed young girls!”
“You may go now. I expect you here bright and early before roll call tomorrow to apologize to Ms. Shvets and Ms. Petrov.”
“I’ve committed years to being Iron Maiden. Blood, sweat, friends, family. I’ve got ten places to be everyday, you have one. So why don’t you let me go do my job.” He releases her arm, but the grimace is stuck on his face, she continues, “Don’t fucking touch me again.”
“Go.” Steve says, “Go tell everyone one about the murder of Antoinette Stark.”
“That’s a poor opinion. You do realize what will happen if Katya doesn’t die here, yes?”
Rhodey stared at her a moment, “You’re right. I’m sorry.”
“I didn’t.”
“The youngest class at the time was only six right? You were too ahead.” Nika says,
“I think you have the wrong person, Miss,” Madame says,
“So why hide it? It’ll die down.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’ll redecorate.”
The man holding her didn’t move when he replied, “неожиданная переменная. Дочь.”
At the end of the day, her muscles ached and all she wanted to do was fall into the thin bed. Instead, during their dinner break, she searched for another empty classroom.
“Now get changed, you have five minutes. Then go get your father, he’s in his room.” Maria paced out of the large closet, then out of Toni’s room, leaving her to change in silence.
“You don’t know anything about me,” Toni says,
“Ms. Stark. We weren’t expecting you.” She turned around to see Coulson, his arms crossed wearing a half annoyed half pleasant look, “Come with me.”
“I should call Jarvis, see how he’s handleing it.”
“Yes, Instructor.”
They don’t talk as they trail down the abandoned corridors, no secret were left to fill the silence.
Toni’s ears were ringing, an Instructor held out her hand to help her up. They weren’t supposed to touch her. She almost swatted it away in confusion when she realized they were no longer Instructors. Not hers at least.
Eva stayed firmly planted on the ground, arms still wrapped around a now unmoving girl.
Antoinette spun around, and came face to face with Holly. She was surprised she’d been heard, but held her ground pretending to have not said anything, “What?” Holly sneered for the first time that Antoinette had seen, but she had no idea how many times she’d done it behind her back.
“Plan A is escape.”
Toni scoffs, “She’s secretly a goat.”
“Don’t worry.” Toni said, “I’ve never done it this way before. Not with Nika, Tania, or Petra.”
“No.” Toni says, ignoring his surprise, “I’ve got something to clear up. About my past.”
“Maybe.” Madame says, “Why do you bring this up?”
“No.” She says, stabilizing herself on the table, “I can’t break. That’s what they want.”
Toni doesn’t say anything when the Captain hightails it out of SHIELD shitty remake stage, she sure thinks a lot of things, but says nothing. Coulson sends her a sideways glance and she counts it as a silent victory.
He laughs and presses tighter, “No no no! I got places to be, people to meet!”
“Six...no eight.” Toni turned back to the dresses to get one last look at them but was simply shoved a bundle of clothing. “Number seven, between six and eight. That’s your choice.”
Even so, every time Tony managed to make it out on the other side of death’s door he always swallowed down the guilt of Rhodey’s words. The “Your my brother Tony, my brother. No matter what shit we pull, you’ll always be family.” and “Tony, one of these days I’m not gonna find you. I won’t ever be able to stop looking” and “You are an idiot if you think anything will make me leave you.” They choke him now too, the same way they did the first night he started writing his secret papers. He wonders again what it says about him that a discarded oil drum will be his saving grace in two life times. Wonders how the universe knits such impossible coincidences.
“Belt, my belt.” Yinsen grunts out between heavy breaths and whimpering, eyes now screwed tightly shut and head thrown back onto the sand in agony. His own hands have moved away and are pawing with quickly diminishing strength at his buckle. Tony catches on quick, pulls the worn leather out and around the meat of Yinsens lower thigh. There is no hesitation as he pulls tight and roughly, not even at the gasp and shuddering cries from the man beneath him.
“God, Steve.” Tony sobs, but he stops himself from collapsing again. Steve can feel him pull himself up, can feel the desire to cling back into Steve radiating off of him. He wants to pull him in, wants to keep him right here where they can see each other and Steve can know it’s all real again. “I missed you. I missed you so much.”
Tony can’t be patient anymore, he can’t wait. He needs Steve to do something to him, he needs to touch Steve, needs to see him. Needs, needs,
“Oh.” Steve sighs deeply and sits down unceremoniously on his plush couch. His head tips back and he lets it rest there as he closes his eyes.
the exact shape of the words as they form in Stark’s mouth. It’s astonishingly insane and somehow no more unusual than the feel of his own teeth clenching together.
He always thought when Iron Man really wanted to tell him, he would know. When it wasn’t just because he felt bad for not trusting Steve with something so protected, he would listen and keep the secret with more care than he did anything else. Maybe it came down to that, to being cheated of the gift this knowledge should have been.
“Come on, your telling me you sleep the full 8 hours every night?” Tony knows the answer already. Knows Rogers wakes up after three hours most nights, knows he only sporadically gets another three after that. The thought makes Tony sag a bit in his chair, makes his smile thin and drop. He registers his own melancholy echoed back and feels bad for breaking their easy happiness. He runs a hand through his hair and pushes back the feelings.
Because, see the issue with Steve has absolutely nothing to do with his outrageously stunning looks. Alright, it has a good deal to do with it, Tony can admit that, but it is certainly not the core problem. If Steve was just a pair of huge biceps and some rockin’ abs, Tony would have gotten his one and done, well, done some time ago. It’s not like Steve is the most attractive person Tony’s ever–
He follows the teather back, picks up his steps when he feels Starks whole frame tighten and puff up in something like satisfaction. Stark speaks, something with an ‘F’ sound closed off with an ‘S’ and followed by a short word ending with his mouth in the faint persed shape of an ‘O’. Steve manages to hear the sound of that little word ending and pushes through the thick door. Stark and Fury turn to him and he slams the gun down on the table with no preamble.
“You are doing just fine right now.” Stark reassures, eyes flicking down and back up to glance at Steve from under his lashes. It is blatantly flirtatious, but in a softer way than Steve has ever seen from the man.
JARVIS runs down a summary of happenings during his captivity as Tony makes his way to the workshop. Sure the information is nothing Tony did not already remember, but he feels soothed by his voice and keeps asking him more and more obscure questions just to hear it.
He is gonna die. He knows this with a certainty that leaves little room for fear. He’s really gonna die this time. After everything. After the literal shit storm of the past eight years. Hell, the last forty six years if he wants to play up the whole ‘ready to bite the dust’ thing. He is going to die alone in his workshop, nothing but his own carelessness to blame, and honestly the relief is not as much a surprise as a comfort.
That is the real thing stopping him. Waking up to the visual of your own heart beating is something he hoped to only experience the one time.
“Oh shit, Steve.” Tony groans out, eyes squeezing shut and hand faltering in its rhythm on him, grasping too tight and making him hiss into Tony’s forehead.
“Then you told me about the ring and I couldn’t even look at you.” Tony continues and Steve buries his face in Tony’s hair at the thought. It was supposed to be something special, something wonderful and happy, but this terrible thing ruined it. That artifact tainted something that should have only brought them happiness. If holding Tony didn’t feel like the very reason for his existence right now, Steve would be marching down to the workshop and destroying the thing with his bare hands.  “It hurt so bad Steve. I didn’t leave the workshop for two days.”
“Jodie Foster? You met Jodie Foster! She just won an Oscar!” Eryn said, “Did you get to meet her? Did you go to the after parties?”
“What? Got a problem with the truth? Daddy can’t buy you any friends here?”
“Now, my prize was to be awarded to the killer of the night, but as we don’t know exactly what happened to Fedorov, and Eva here seems to blame Antonia, she will be tonight's winner.”
“Amanda- I mean, what’s your name them?”
The next morning she woke up with a backache, sleeping on solid ground was not ideal.
They never talked, but they never fought which was rare, it’s like the library was a safe zone in their war.
This wasn’t a logical scenario, because Father and Mother were married, and marriage bonds you only to kiss your husband or wife. Antoinette knew this because Francesca told her, so why was Francesca breaking her own rule?
Date: May 4th, 2002
Madame nodded, “Well then, you’ve earned your rest.”
She sat in the office again, far too soon for her liking.
She let herself space out and she even considered crying later that day, but then she caught Sasha’s eye.
“Oh my god.” Toni whipped her head around to see Sasha standing in their doorway, “You two fucking freaks. I’m telling!”
Bruce chuckled, “Alright Toni. And I know it’s not completely your fault, but lay off Cap. I think you guys would really like each other if you gave each other a chance.”
“I know you lost a lot Toni.” He replies, she’s stepped closer and closer to him, half attempting to be threatening despite her height, and half because she can feel the world slowly slipping out from under her and despite their past she knows he’ll at least catch her.
“I don’t know, sounds like something someone with a shrine would say,” Steve replied, as he started to get up. He gave her a hand and they both paused, nodding a quick goodbye, and went down the hall.
“What bluff?”
She had tears in her eyes as he unbuckled his belt, and they slid down her face when he grabbed her jaw and squeezed till she couldn’t stand but open her mouth. He was ruthless selfish, and dirty, and she was choking on her own vomit, that rose from her throat.
“Utkyn.” She says testily, “Are you alright?”
“They had a son in nineteen seventy four.”
Today was a nice day, the teacher let the out early since school would be ending soon, and it was so pretty outside, and it was hot inside. As she got out, she walked towards the large mass of girls gathering on the grass, they were deciding what to play that afternoon, fairies or horses, just like every other day.
“Move or sell what?”
“So we’re not even going to trade names?”
The girls, the targets. They blended after a while. No one told her the reason she was killing people, she didn’t know if they deserved it, and worse, she was beginning to think that they didn’t.
Despite this unlikely common ground between them, neither was willing to talk to the other for more than a few minutes, after years of mutual dislike.
Madame steps closer, and Toni begins to plead again. Madame stops her with a swift jab towards Katya, Toni doesn’t see the small blade in her hand it it’s on her side again, dripping with blood.
“Who says you have to do either. Save it, redecorate. Move in when you’re married and have kids.”
More blood poured out of Katya, but at that information, she began struggling against her ropes and crying muffled screams.
“About people you knew during the war, like the people on your team.”
“In here, wait to be issued your uniforms.”
When she’d done they’re both silent, Tania smiles, “Toni. It’s time.”
“The Steele’s will be there tonight.” Maria said
Instead, she sat up straight and looked around, they seemed to be going through a small village. She could see women wearing handmade dresses, and others wearing jeans, it was like a bad decade party. “Where am I?” She asked,
“Toni, we don’t have all day. They all look the same, just choose one.” Maria exhales all in one breath, it’s impressive really.
“Dressing up for Captain America?” Coulson says amusedly,
It’s about five months before Toni’s plan is set into motion. Sasha’s too weary of her right after stealing her laptop, but over right before April break, on Sasha’s birthday, she receives a large computer, not a laptop like Toni. A desk computer that takes up most workspace on the tables given to students. But Sasha loves it, so Toni hacks it.
She didn’t want to be hurt that Steve apparently didn’t trust her. But it stung. Yeah, she followed him for a few weeks but it wasn’t personal or anything. She didn’t know him yet. Maybe she needed to work on her people skills.
“And she called you a freak.”
She patted Toni on the shoulder, and returned to her seat behind the desk, picked up her book and ignored Toni as she uneasily rose, and walked out of the office.
“My blanket should block the current.” Toni says, holding up the thick wool blanket, Tania nods in agreement.
She pointed it at Eva, and the girl stiffened when she felt it’s point tap her neck.
Tania slowly looks around, seeing no one else volunteer, she steps forward, but unassuming Svetlana beats her to the punch.
The fight happened two afternoons later. They changed out of their ballet uniforms, and into tight spandex shorts, and loose camisoles. Both of them braided their hair into buns, wore mouth guards and non stick sneakers.
“The playground?” Tania said, “We have a playground?”
Maybe Hydra had a sense of humor.
Date: May 23rd, 2003
“I think I have.” Lucie said
“22 year old female, blood work and scans aren’t in yet, but she’s bleeding!”
“Oh I’m sorry Antoinette, we already have too many people.” a girl she thought was named Holly said sweetly, but superficially, barely even turning around to look at her.
“You’ll never guess what just happened.”
“I said,” She looked up and got off of Katya, “She is not lost. She’s right here and she’s done nothing wrong.”
Toni pauses a moment, before nodding.
“That’s what you got out of my statement?”
The girls around her snicker, but she replies, “Of course Instructor.”
“This is so stupid.” he mutters, kind of to himself, but mostly to Toni.
They find him, calm him down, and sit him in a poorly lit room, and if the Captain was handcuffed to a table it wouldn’t look out of place.
She strides down the hallway they entered from, but veers into an unfamiliar room, a door stands in the back and Zma waits expectantly, “Go, you’ll be late.”
“I love you.” Tony tells him, fierce and more solid than his shaking voice should make possible. Steve feels water burning in his own eyes, watches as Tony’s face blurs out and then comes back into focus as the water toples out and down his cheeks. Tony wipes his away too.
“I’m sorry. You can’t die yet.” Fuck.
“Probably.” The shrug is all for Pepper, who shakes her head and begins filling up her rolling bag. He waves at her to leave it all out, miming a lock and key. It’s not like they won’t be right back here in the morning. She hesitates, but eventually pushes the handle of the bag back into its socket and slides the whole thing under the desk.
“Yeah, is that... is that okay?” Steve asks, but it comes out in pieces, clipped in places by tiny cracking moans. Tony’s hand is speeding up, pushing the foreskin up and down, squeezing down at the head and base in alternating patterns. He can’t look away, but Steve can’t seem to either. He is resting his forehead on Tony’s and they both are just staring down at Tony’s hand in fascination.
“Mama look.” A bright smile as his fingers dance with the flames and the horror is consumed in an icy fear as all the air knocks completely out of her chest.
“I really should get going.” Steve tells him, but Tony feels more than hears the words as they vibrate across his lips. It makes him whine, pulls a little pathetic noise from deep in his throat as he presses their faces closer in protest. For a long moment, it seems Steve has given up on the idea in favor of using his tongue to drive Tony insane.
“It’s no better than I deserve.” Tony admits, leaning back into the elevator wall. His whole body feels too heavy to keep up anymore and he just wants to be back leaning into Steve’s side; just wants to curl into him for a while.
“Which means he’s got to be somewhere between here and the outer ridge line, in the inner valley. Maybe he’d been hiding out, laying low after the warehouse went on alert.” The map shrinks down, but not enough to actually be useful.
They seperate this time, the tug aching painfully with every step Stark takes away from him. But, Steve spent most of his life consumed with some pain or another. Spent long winters and longer nights shivering and trembling against the never ending aches of his old frail body. Never once did that stop him from standing tall, standing up for the people that needed him. It does not stop him now.
While Steve casually freaks out across from him, Stark just shrugs and decides to accept Steve had some way of knowing about his comings and goings.
“Tony, what is going on?” Pepper asks, standing up now and very cautiously moving closer. Her palms are up and she starts to smile like a zoo keeper trying to calm a very worked up tiger that just escaped its enclosure. “Are you alright?”
“I will Mama, I promise. I promise!” Hiccuping and sniffling, Tony repeats the words over and over until the skin under her hands has muted in it’s beautiful shimmering, until only a deep pink remains. She watches this process and can only spare the barest thanks that his colors would be so similar to a real burn. Somehow, somehow this can be kept a secret. From everyone. From him.
“I’m only mad at myself for not seeing it.” He tries for a chuckle, but it comes out too short and soft to really get the message across. Tony is still looking at him though and his smile pulls up just a bit. Tension slowly seeps out of Steve and he smiles back, kind and soft. “You’re too good a man to let someone else do the heavy lifting for you, Stark.”
The last five days feel like a fever dream and if it weren’t for the near constant tugging in his chest he would honestly write it all off as such. He is back in the tower, alone in what remains of the penthouse and looking out on the rubble of the world around him. Though, that is not the full truth. He is not really alone, hasn’t been since that flight back from Germany. Steve Rogers is somehow here, filled to the brim with so many emotions Tony can’t make sense of any of them. The guy is a tidal wave of feelings, all tucked neatly in ironed slacks and too tight button ups. Out there, somewhere past the border of Maryland, Rogers is hopeful and sad and awed in equal turns. If Tony focuses, he can almost trace the strange unbreakable thread that ties him to the Good Captain. It’s stretches impossibly long, miles and miles between them now.
“I missed you, too.” Steve swears and it is completely true. He missed Tony so much he could feel it clinging to him. Every hazy memory was just him missing Tony, just him trying to get himself to realize the gaping hole in his reality needed to be filled.
Carefully he stands, pulling Tony up along with him. They both smile when Steve takes Tony’s hand and weaves their fingers together. The width of his knuckles is familiar and solid between Steve’s, but he knows why now. He wants to always know.
“Why don’t you ever wear sleeves when you work with this stuff?” She can’t help but ask, because this sort of situation is far from unusual and it is honestly going to be the thing that kills her. Suddenly, she wishes that she’d let Natalie bring the papers down instead. It would have done her some good to get a full handle on the amount of
“We’re going to go eat some of that fancy food you payed for,” Steve tells him, friendly tone laid on a little too thick, but still nice enough. “And then, maybe, if you’re good, we can play a few games on that big screen upstairs.”
called Tony Stark. “You have a whole welders suit. I know! I
They kiss again, gentle and languid. Tony traces the seam of Steve’s lips with his tongue and gently sucks on Steve’s when he returns the favor. They both taste of beef broth and potatoes, but their breaths are warm and sure. It lasts for decades.
“You…” Tony starts, but it catches. His lower lip is trembling and his eyes brim over before Steve can say anything else. His voice is almost too soft to hear, too terrified, when he asks,  “everything?”
“I’m sorry. You can’t die yet.”
“Well, you know...” Tony huffs out, but the little curl at the corner is coming to be one of Steve’s favorite things. He pats his chest and arches an eyebrow, “can’t keep Iron Man down.”
“You’re a real piece of work, you know that?” Tony half sobs into Steve’s bare chest, hating himself and loving this man so much he could crawl out of his own skin if it meant he could be closer, just a little bit closer. Steve’s arms tighten, his breath shakes and shudders out of him and he presses his face into the top of Tony’s head. They fit so smoothly, latching together, designed precisely to live like this.
“Are you sure you can even take me like this?” The feel of Tony’s slicked up cock rubbing between his cheeks mocks him with a blunt jab against his hole. Steve growls a curse into his forearm and pushes back, but he’s held fast.
It had happened, quite literally, in the midst of them all stumbling into bed together, Tony rattling off codes to the ceiling robot as he’d shoved his hand down Bucky’s pants.
Now, in the middle of the absurdly large nest he had created for his Alphas, it almost felt like a betrayal of who he truly was. That of all people, it wasn’t fair he had been dealt so many difficult cards, only to succumb to
Tony jerks back, startled, and almost comically drops onto the bed beside him. The sharp movement jostles his ribs again, and Steve swears under his breath, gingerly pressing his fingers into his side.
“Suit integrity, 49%, Sir. The likelihood of you making it back to the surface with the Captain is only 15%. I have to advise you to turn back.”
“It’s not ridiculous, sugar. It’s in your nature. You can’t help it.” Bucky said gently, then added, “no more than when Stevie bends you over and tells you he’s gonna fill you up with his pups, y’know.”
Or a creation present, because Tony consistently reminded him that DUM-E had not been born, nor did he require the celebration of a birthday. But Steve had a soft spot for the little guy, and he’d damn well celebrate his birthday if he chose to.
“Man, that one was on you.”
“This is beautiful, Tony.”
The joy, the
“You, Steve. You’ve changed.” Tony brushes his knuckles over Steve’s cheekbone, framing his face until his thumb drags across Steve’s bottom lip.
Rhodey nods sympathetically. “Yeah, you’ve said, and he’s done a lot of other horrendous things. I’m not saying you have to do something, one way or the other. Just making you a little space to feel what you feel, because you seem to be transitioning out of the whole avoidance and denial stage, or are we still there?”
“Together,” Tony whispers, small and wretched. He doesn’t look at him. There are tears sparkling on his gauntlets, and the final remaining pieces of Steve’s heart shatter into fine grains of sand. “Always, together. That’s what you said.”
Tony’s fist starts slowing to a stop and Steve braces himself for the inevitable onslaught of sensation again. Tony’s edged him before, but it’s never been like this. This is torture.
They’ve carefully avoided the topic for weeks. Steve’s gotten enough of a sense for Tony to know that he doesn’t hand out the cards with his feelings on them, holding them close to his chest. He screams trust issues as much as Steve is certain he screams abandonment issues.
The world narrows into Tony’s endless eyes and exploring fingers, a heat that sucks him in and wills him to stay. Nothing else matters.
“That’d be nice, Buck.”
Tony groans as he rolls out of the bed and Steve stares after him, shamelessly taking in the way his hips taper into the slope of his perfect ass. Tony is anything but flawless, body marred with scars and a little gathering of softness at the bottom of his belly, but he’s real. This is
Fuck.
To no one’s surprise, Steve is quicker than that ducking his head in time with Tony’s movements. He forces Tony to meet his eye. “When I said that I loved you.”
“Don’t snarl at me, asshole. I couldn’t care less what you think you feel. You destroyed the bond the day you picked him over me.” Tony’s words landed like acid, corroding Steve’s face into something grim and twisted.
Then Steve pulled the fingers away, grunting from the force of it as he pried open Tony’s fingers and sending off a series of internal alarms. The metal shrieked and gave way, cracks spreading up the arm of the suit and the repulsor in Tony’s palm sparking out. Spiderwebs cracked up the metal like shattered glass, as if the suit was a delicate thing against the brute strength of Captain America.
“Mine.” Bucky growled.
“I want a drink,” Tony mutters under his breath, more to himself than Pepper. The convention hall is a blur of noise behind him, background to the static of white noise in his mind.
Steve snaps a sharp
When they see him, he grits his teeth and tries not to duck his head. Or limp.
Between fevered kisses, Steve gasps out an order to FRIDAY to take them directly to the penthouse. Layers of clothing fall like breadcrumbs on their way to Tony’s bedroom and land somewhere beside Tony’s carefully erected defenses.
Tony doesn’t even want to remember him that way, anyhow.
“I know what you thought.” Tony ground out, opening wet eyes to glare at him. The sobs abruptly dried up and something cold and flat raced forward to take their place. It was worse, devastating. “You thought you’d just come home like nothing had changed and—” his voice cracked and Steve winced as Tony cleared his throat, visibly steeling himself, “—
“Tony.”
Steve blinks.
He drops down, all his weight collapsing onto the cool leather, before he gives Tony a grateful look.
Still fully dressed, the soft linen of Tony’s slacks brushing up the inside of Steve’s thighs when he readjusts himself through his pants. He leans in and presses his mouth to Steve’s throat, leaving smacking kisses in a trail towards Steve’s deaf ear, sounding tinny and far away.
The nest shifted around them, lumps and mounds of fabric rippling like water under their combined weight, spilling over the floor. It was soft and hard at the same time, the tile floor buffered under his back.
“Please, I never meant—I’m sorry. Let’s just—we can talk about this. I came home so we could talk. So we could fix us.” He hesitated, searching Tony’s face. “Please don’t make me go. Tell me how to make this right. Please, Tony. I’m so sorry.”
He perches nearby, hands nervous where they shake, just so, in his lap.
As Tony curls impossibly closer, goading him and pressing little promises to take him apart into his chest, Steve lets it all sweep him away.
After all these years of drifting between places he never belonged, Steve will say whatever he wants. It’s been a lifetime of fulfilling mission after mission, one task to the next and living for the adrenaline and the purpose of Captain America.
Tony, whispering in his ear. “You’re all I ever wanted; you know that? I knew, that very first day when you sucked on my fingers—”
Tony isn’t sure how it happens, but he’s not surprised.
The tears are coming faster than he can stop them, slipping over Steve’s shoulder and onto his chest in shimmering rivulets. Tony licks at them, catching what he can and kissing them back into Steve’s clavicle.
Before Steve can answer, Tony drags a thumb across his left nipple then grabs it, and
“Sit.”
The frustration breaks through his shaky, vulnerable composure. It’s not fair, he hasn’t done anything wrong because Steve is the one who lied and destroyed everything. Tension crackles in the air when Steve doesn’t bite back, Tony clenching down on his teeth and letting them grind together until it hurts.
“You are so beautiful.” Steve murmurs, running his hand through Tony’s sweaty hair. “So impossibly beautiful.”
Tony pants heavily against him, trying to regain some semblance of reality.
What’s the right answer when the only options are devastating or horrific?
The double standard makes Steve see red. Or red specks, forming around the black fuzziness on the edge of his vision. “You said the Mandarin was nothing!”
Just Steve, alone. Again. Damn it.
Steve blinks.
Rhodey’s there immediately, hauling him up and onto his feet.
“Will you?”
Steve was all too happy to be the team guinea pig if it meant the majority of the people he found in the future would hang around just a little longer. Through fermented fish and eye-wateringly hot peppers, they found each other in food and comradery.
“You’re so beautiful, Tony.” Steve slid his legs further apart, kneeling between them and pressing a reverent kiss to the curve of one cheek as he pressed forward with the tip of a finger. Tony’s body yielded without protest, welcoming the familiar touch.
him, to remind Tony of all the reasons they loved each other and put the horrendous events from Siberia behind them for good.
“Let’s just go ask him. Corner him,” Bucky decided, shooting out of the bed and tugging on a pair of Steve’s sweatpants that had been kicked haphazardly to the floor the night before.
He starts with Bucky and what they made him into, most of which Tony already knows, and Steve knows why he starts there. Maybe it’ll soften the blow, but when he gets to what Bucky’s done to his father, his mother, it’s like he’s holding Tony under water and watching him flounder. It’s as if Steve’s the one that’s taken his parents away from him.
“An apology must go a long way with you, huh Stark?” Bucky drawls with a put-upon leer as Tony shuffles closer to the coffee machine and wills himself not to flush.
But Tony and Natasha were gone, and Steve was so damned lonely his body ached with it.
“Later.” Steve’s voice is pinched as he forces the word out. He presses his forehead into Tony’s chest with a shuddering breath. “We have to talk about this. Promise me. I can’t, not if we won’t–”
There’s no eager anticipation of waiting to put the suit on again.
Steve opened his mouth to offer an answer and found none. Tears were springing to Tony’s eyes and Tony clutched his knees up to his chest, looking small and broken and so painfully foreign from the man that Steve knew.
Rhodes leaves him in peace for the rest of the afternoon, and he’s definitely stalling on calling in Peter, more so because he needs time to emotionally prepare himself.
He sinks in with one fluid motion, shoving one of Tony’s knees up to his chest and watching the breath whoosh out of him. He's tight. It must burn, but the urgency bursts into fierce desperation. Just like that very first time, Steve rolls them over until Tony’s on top of him, helping Tony ride him as if it's their last night on Earth.
more time. You don’t get a lot of chances at make up sex like this, Steve, we’ve got to take it when we can get it.” Steve chuckles a little laugh into his mouth. “And for the love of Thor, don’t leave any more marks on me. I’m not going to be able to hide any of this.”
Maybe Tony Stark does have a heart.
“That would be great, thanks.” Steve interrupted again, and Bucky glared. Steve jotted the code down into a notebook he kept in his pocket, shoving it aside for later. He thanked Pepper and ended the call before Bucky rounded on him.
He remembers raising the shield and—
Tony sighs heavy and dramatic. “And to think, things were just starting to get better between us.”
For a moment, he paused, his mouth dropping open and his fingers constricting further into the sheets. He looked beautiful, sated and blissed out, with pleasure smeared across his face.
Sinking.
Steve frowns, lips pursing as he holds up a legal-sized envelope, thin enough that it could be empty. “Our Judgement was ready.”
“It doesn’t matter. If I tell you what I think, before you’ve made a decision, I’ll just be someone you can blame later.”
“Christ, Cap,” Tony mutters between kisses, nipping at his lips. “And here I thought you hated me.”
act that meant Tony had completed enough penance?
“Just, hang on, okay?” He pulls away quickly, and passes Tony his shirt, encouraging him to follow suit as he rights his own clothes.
“Damn it,” Clint mutters from locations unknown.
The room spins and refuses to come into focus. There are flashes of the helicarrier falling from the sky and Bucky, trapped beneath the falling rubble. When he tries to help him free, Bucky’s fists pound into him and the world goes black.
“You’re beautiful like this,” Steve says because it’s true, sliding his hand over his side, tracing the little asymmetrical divots of scar tissue there before he digs his fingers into one of Tony’s hip bones and hauls him back, drawing out another one of those delicious little sounds.
“Are you sure, JARVIS?” Steve asked dubiously.
“Damn right,” Tony agrees, laughing as he fishes around for a clean towel and starts mopping up his face. “Feel better now?”
“Just looking for a lift!”
“I don’t wanna.”
DUM-E gives him a questioning whirr from the corner, and holds up the fire extinguisher which does neither of them any good. Tony brushes him off and the bot rattles off to the corner to lay in wait for an inevitable fire.
about himself. So, when he’d started getting this persistent itch to collect everything and anything in the house that even resembled the word plush, Tony wasn’t certain how to feel.
“Have a good time.”
“What are you smiling about?” Tony calls from the kitchen, waving a spatula in Steve’s direction.
Something about the way Steve says that filters oddly in the back of Tony’s mind. There’s a resignation that he’s not familiar with. A peace that surprises him. It’s not that he wants Steve to still be hung up on him. Tony has found his own ways to move on too. By now, he’s even been with other people. A few men. Two women. One that was almost important to him.
The inner workings of the arm are a complete disaster, not unlike the outside, and Tony’s doesn’t even understand how Barnes survives with the unfortunate heap of metal.
Rebuilding the Compound had taken time, and patching up the team had taken even longer. Trust wormed its way back in as they expanded suites and extended training exercises. Despite everything, after each long, exhausting day, Steve would tumble Tony into bed and they worked their way back to each other with difficult words and sweaty skin.
How was Steve supposed to take any steps when Tony was gone, literal dust in the wind as Pepper and Morgan had travelled across the country, scattering his ashes in his favourite places. At first, Steve had thought maybe he only needed to find a way to feel closer to Tony. Mourn. Grieve. Figure out a way to let go—as if it were even a possibility.
“S-Stop,” Steve begs, “Stop, please, please, stop—” But Tony is relentless.
“Absolutely, Captain. This particular meal holds something of a sentimental value for Mr. Stark. His childhood butler, Mr. Jarvis, made this meal for him often when he was young.” AI JARVIS explained.
Tony sighs, rubbing at the ache that’s taken up permanent residence behind the arc reactor. Ironic, now that it’s back, it seems committed to reminding Tony of all the painful memories that brought it barrelling back into Tony’s chest.
But he remembered the day that Tony had called and said they were coming back, that they were needed for some task or other, everything that had happened months prior apparently forgotten.
There’s a long, painful pause.
“Sorry. It feels like there’s a lot to say and I don’t know how much time I have.”
“Because it’s for you,” Tony says, as if the answer is obvious. “I’d do anything for you, Steve.”
Correction, Tony’s hair was soft.
The eccentric little Omega saw everything for exactly what it was, and exactly what he wanted it to be.
“You’ve been busy.”
is your intern?” Steve asks, glancing up from the tablet. Tony is hunched over beside him, elbows propped on his knees with a broad grin on his face.
Tony’s beautiful, and for the first time Steve’s allowed to think that—to say it out loud in the light of day without fear.
When Tony’s hands slip under his shirt he wants to flinch away. There’s no thick, corded muscle, no warmth simmering under his skin. Steve hates this. He’s all sharp edges and translucent tissue paper bundled around bones that ache and the burn in his chest is a constant reminder that his lungs were never meant to sustain him.
“I know.” Something dislodges in Steve’s chest. A blossom of hope unfurls, and it’s a dangerous thing. Steve’s learned by now not to hope, but just like that first time Tony gasped his way back to life on the New York pavement, Steve’s universe resets and he’s back at the beginning again. “I love you, Tony. It’s fine.”
Tony wants to have him now, but not as fiercely as he wants Steve to fill up the empty cavern of loss inside him and if this is the only way he can get there, he’ll take it. Tony will take whatever he can have. He’s grieving. He deserves this.
“Yes. I still want that.”
Steve’s careful not to loom over him, but his hands are a vice at his hips when he slides to the ground at the edge of the bed and takes Tony into his mouth. It’s a small decency that Steve fills him back up with his fingers, stroking across his prostrate in harsh pulls as he sucks him.
Peter laughs and asks FRIDAY to cue it up. Before the movie starts playing, Peter hesitates. He glances at Tony, down into his lap, back up at Tony, to the can of soda on the table and back again.
“Tony, geez.” Steve breathed, trying to string together any semblance of a thought. It felt pointless with Tony’s hands all over him, exploring and pressing and grabbing in the most delicious way. Steve shivered.
Tony hates how much he misses him. If he didn’t have that fucking beard.
Now, Steve traces a finger across the entire thing from edge to edge, face tight and set in a firm line and Tony feels raw. “Can we start with this, please?”
“Why? This isn’t hurting anyone.”
“Isn’t that the question I should be asking you?”
It could have been hours, but eventually—
He’s still ruminating when Steve finds him later, reclining on the luxurious, oversized lounger on the balcony to their suite.
that he’s a genius, has refused to look at it.” Bucky’s seems to be trying to keep his face neutral, but the twitch on the right side of his mouth gives him away.
.” Tony spits the adage onto the ground. “Can I even call you that anymore?”
“When you meet him, you can decide for yourself,” Tony snaps back, but it’s teasing and void of any bite. “Any more questions, kid, or are you ready to meet the rest of the team? Before you can handle meeting a wizard, you’re going to need to make it through this band of freaks and weirdos.”
But Tony was gone now, and Steve was left with this shell of a puppet, a mockery of the man that he loved from a distance for years.
Or maybe missing past-Steve, the way things had been before, when they had all curled into each other in the Tower, covered in blankets and half-open candy boxes, watching a shitty action movie. The rest of the team might’ve been there, or it might’ve been just Tony and Steve. No matter, Steve had been the constant and despite himself, a part of Tony wanted him there tonight. Which would have meant he couldn’t let his guard down and relax, and he wouldn’t have stayed long in the end.
“Hey Tones,” Rhodey offers him a warm, reassuring smile.
something from him.
“It’s nice to see you again, Captain Rogers.” The warm lilt of Tony’s AI brings tears to his eyes and the tinny echo of his voice is so real Steve almost allows himself to question if this is a dream at all. “Welcome home.”
The sketch was actually a birthday present for DUM-E.
“You don’t listen. You’re so focused on what you think is right, you don’t care to hear what the rest of us have to say. Barnes doesn’t want to be an Avenger. I see it, the team sees it. But you seem to think it’s the right thing for him—”
When he’d said it, Tony’s eyes had brimmed with an emotion meant only for Steve. It was never about Thanos. It was never about whether they’d won or lost.
Tony’s phone rings, and Steve composes himself in the bathroom. When they meet outside the front of the church, Tony’s eyes are hard and strained.
“He’s always a little weird. Isn’t that why we love him?”
How, after all this time, could Tony still think he was so worthless? So inconsequential that the only thing that mattered was the products of his labour. What did that mean for all the tender moments, the whispered promises? The plans they had for the future.
“A recorder?” That throws her a bit, but Tony knows she’ll find him one in minutes.
“I’ll sober up a bit with some food in me,” Tony smiles, genuine like nothing else in his life. He steps closer, lets his knuckles brush against Steve’s sternum, knocks once. “And then we can play a game.”
It would surprise absolutely no one if he admitted to thinking about this a lot the past few weeks. Hell, he knows they’ve been flirting pretty steadily since that movie night and it’s only gotten worse the more time Steve spends with him. He wants this sure, but as with everything else the intensity is all out of proportion. This desire feels well worn, he isn’t nervous, just happy.
Once inside the workshop he gives himself a long minute to breathe in the metallic air and soak in the sigh of his bots and his tec and his home. Then he straightens and walks over to the scanner sat to the side of one counter top on the far wall, skimming hands over DUM-E and U as he passes them with reverence. Once the papers are stacked in the slot, he walks the few more paces into the corner and falls onto the cot with a deep throaty sigh. The bots sidle up next to him and he pats each one in turn before closing his eyes and speaking up into the ceiling like a goddamn loon. “I need you to scan in those pages and start three new project folders for me.”
“Yeah, yeah. That’s… okay” Steve huffs, tilting his hips up just enough to yank his pants and briefs down over his thighs with one hand. The motion is too quick and Tony shivers at the harsh gasp Steve lets out when his dick springs free. It bounces up, hits his stomach and is so red already Tony could most certainly cry about it.
“This one will make you feel like you’re breathing fire.” She promises and pushes the glass to Stark with a tiny grin.
“Sounds like we’d better start out then.”
“What is it you need, Cap?” He asks with a forced easy smile, letting his eyes wander down the planes of Steve’s chest and abs. He’s in casual wear, a rarity these days, and Tony intends to take in his fill.
“You want to?” Tony blurts, still not back to full functionality. This is going somewhere, somewhere Tony honestly did not see coming when Steve came over to have frozen pizza and play video games. His body is thrumming, all the coiling heat from before is back in full force, rushing through his veins like a straight shot of adrenaline.
They all helped with the clean up for the first few days, getting the city to a point where SHIELD and government agencies would be able to begin long term repairs. But, no one was comfortable with the newfound mega fame and it was no sooner that Thor flew back to Asgard that they all part ways. Tony convinced Bruce to stay with him in the still livable parts of the Tower, but everyone else scattered in the wind.
At base he makes such a scene about the leather on his chest the field medic performs all her examinations without removing it. She also reassures him that Yinsen will be alright, that he stopped the blood loss in time, that the nerve damage from the belt should be minimal a good thousand times. Rhodey takes over for the poor girl on that once she finishes bandaging the various wounds the flight and captivity gave Tony.
“Sure.” He smiles at that, the answering bright surge stretching it wider.
“Well,” Swaying a bit from both the liquor and Steve’s sent, Tony attempts to gesture wide to the room around them but mostly just presses his face into Steve’s shoulder. “The drinks are still pouring. The people still partying. The show must march on.”
“Tony, really would it hurt?” Adds Rhodey, arm still clutched around Tony’s shoulders.
“Oh fuck, shit.” Tony says a little stunned and Peppers watches his rather dull response with horror. Then something seems to click and Tony is flicking off the torch and sprinting towards the sink on the far wall. Shit!” He yells while yanking the hose extension out and violently turning the faucet. “Dummy, what the hell?! There is actual fire happening and you are taking a god damn nap?!” He screeches and Pepper is stuck where she stands, completely unable to move as the bot perks up and rushes forward at Tony with a fire extinguisher. Tony turns to him and asks in entirely too calm a voice, “seriously? No, you are too late!”
“...Alright.” Rogers concedes and god this guy is good at the deadpan voice. It’s all Tony can do to bite back a snigger, actually pressing his palm against his mouth to keep the sound in. Pepper looks honestly shocked at his reactions, but continues to stack her personal cords and pens into her large Kate Spade tote.
“It’s okay. We all have our faults.” Steve continues, eager to get a fuller laugh. He just knows it will be a beautiful sound. “You can’t be a genius billionaire playboy philanthropist and a good coffee drinker too. It would be unfair.”
Tony stops walking again, breathing deeply and stretching up to alleviate the pull along his shoulder blades and hips. The two knots at his front come undone easily and he is quickly stationed next to Yinsen. The man is pale, but no more so than he was on the last check and Tony cannot remove the leather but the bleeding had stopped. Some time ago he did remove the tourniquet, hoping to prevent nerve damage, and luckily Yinsen’s heartbeat had not changed much since then. Tony cannot help but wonder again if the loss of one of Yinsen’s legs warrants a retry. The answer is not forthcoming, so he stands, fastens the wires and ignores how intensely he does not want to wake up on that operating table.
During the war, intelligence made more difference than any amount of firepower ever could. Steve had fought with his fair share of higher command for holding back key pieces of information, nearly lost his own men several times over less than forthcoming insights. He always understood the necessity for secrecy, the need to hold cards close to the chest, but when going into battle any piece held back could very literally mean life or death. It’d only been a few months since he’d woken up in the possession of this strange organization, but Steve already knew they only ever spoke in half truths.
“Stark.” A voice calls out just as the heavy base cuts off mid verse. Tony starts at the interruption, but swivels away from his holoscreen to see Steve Rogers standing in the doorway. For all his large frame fills the empty space, he looks small and uncertain standing with his hands shoved deep in his pockets. Tony takes a second to admire how ridiculously well the man pulls of plaid and khakis before standing with a stretch. He feels uncomfortably pleased when Steve’s eyes follow the movement.
The suit is tucked up behind hanging chains and under a pitch black shadow in the largest blind spot the camera angles allowed. Tony lets his eyes rove over the bulky frame, not quite able to prevent the memories of what Obadiah could turn it into from blinking menacingly in his mind’s eye. He kept most of the exterior identical to mach U1.1, only bulking out the lower legs and forearms to add in longer flight and stabilization. The weight will be a bit more significant for that, no way to avoid it with only iron and copper alloys available. He dreads the strain on his shoulders and knees, but the crude auxiliary joins will come online after the first movement and he will be able to push through. Even if the thing crashes, it will get them out far enough and this time he knows exactly how long it will take for the rescue.
“Rhodey, this was not an accident. They knew I was in that transport.” At that the soldier sits back again, letting out a ragged breath and even if Tony had not been told as much by future Rhodey, that proved Rhodey had already been thinking the same thing.
"No, it's fine. It's been awhile.” Steve insists, a hand pulling out of the tight knot of fabric to run shaky through his hair. “I thought I'd gotten over it. But, well." Another deep sigh before Steve shoves his arm back into his constructed warmth to pull all of it tighter around his body. "I'm cold."
“Who?” Glancing back at the tightly closed opening, he lowers his voice. “You can’t think someone here would-”
“Me too.” Steve manages, voice tight and strangled. He can’t manage enough saliva to wet his own lips, can’t find enough presence of mind to do anything but stare at the plush skin tucked between Tony’s teeth. It slips out and Steve watches the chuckle form there, watches the sound puff out and cool the slick glimmer of saliva he can just make out on the surface.
“Oh, the Grecians do booze good.” She lets her cheek dimple at that and he chuckles back with a shrug, completely unabashed in his fumbling words.
“Don’t care.” Tony rushes out. His voice is so breathy, if he had half a mind left to spare he would clear his throat. Instead, he tips forwards, leans up on his toes and bumps his mouth against the line of Steve’s jaw. It’s a little stubble-y, a little rough and so sensually wonderful Tony can’t help but part his lips to get a little kitten lick of it.
“How are you feeling?” Steve asks on a sigh and moves to sit just past Tony’s feet. The only thing he knows is this is his shellhead, his best friend. There have been so many battles, so many injuries that he never got to sit at his bedside for. It’s time to make up for that.
While Tony is still thrusting up in an effort to chase the aftershocks, Steve slumps down over him with a sigh that has to contain all the air in the world. It pushes Tony deep into the couch cushions and makes his toes curl even as he twists away from the too intense feeling of Steve’s hand on him. His own hand is stuck between their stomachs, but he can’t think about anything at all. His brain has left the building and Tony won’t mind if it never comes back. He feels tingly all over, feels languid and molten soft underneath Steve.
“I know.” Steve mumbles directly into his skin and if it all wasn’t so adorable Tony might have spared a thought for how nice those lips felt back on his neck again.
