“Well you won't have to worry about that anymore, even if Deano dies before you, you'll both be in the mate section of heaven anyway. You can have eternity together with Castiel and I. Be worth going back home if I can be with you there Sugar Cube.” He added with a smile and Sam couldn't help but smile back.
Castiel let out a scream, pushing Bobby and Sam away from Dean, he shook and cradled the corpse to his chest. “Dean, Dean!” Castiel screamed and didn’t even notice as the fire took over Bobby’s home, trapping who once were his friends who now he blamed equally for Dean’s death.
This other version of Castiel being so tenacious would normally bring a chuckle from the turned god but now when he is between Dean and himself there was no way he would allow it to happen.
“Dean, I love you.” Dean watched as he started to say his name his eyes were back to being blue and he could look into his angel’s eyes as he said that. Dean sighed and took Castiel’s hand and wrist in his hands and slowly pulled down revealing his mouth.
Moving foreword Gabriel gripped Sam's left wrist in his grasp looking into his eyes. His eyes began glowing some as he imparted some of his grace into the man. His own eyes glowed a golden shimmering color. Castiel saw what was to do and could understand, moving to look into Dean's eyes asking for permission. When gaining it he placed his hand over the always slightly warm, red scar that was his hand print.
Castiel came back looking around as he saw he was back. He enjoyed his time with Dean but was ready to see his human Dean.
“You have nothing to worry about Gabe.” Sam said as they were both watching over Jacob for a few moments.
“Just relax,” Castiel tried to get Dean to calm down, all it would take was a single moment and Dean would relax thanks to his grace.  He did manage to put two fingers to the tan face of his lover, instantly Dean went boneless, his eyes fluttering shut as he fell into a deep sleep.
“Okay I get it, but what kind of relationship is it then?” Sam asked and Castiel answered, cutting Gabriel off.
“Who the hell are you?”
“Woah buddy, calm down.” Dean was starting to get worried but Castiel just smiled and brushed some hair off Dean’s forehead.
“Dean,” Castiel said in the deep voice of his, the one that always managed to get Dean to look at him and only him. He did love it, but that was the problem; he loved it too much. He knew he could lean on it like a drug if he allowed himself to do it too often.
“I have to admit this is pretty good.” Sam hummed taking another bite of the apple pie, the one Dean had made with Gabriel, Dean and Castiel were both eating the one they had made for each other, and Gabriel was having a slice of both pies.
But just like when he woke up normally he was aware almost instantly. “This undoing of the binding, it won't be dangerous will it?” He asked the older angel waiting for his answer and Gabriel didn't need to think much to know that Castiel wanted to make sure he wouldn't hurt the Winchester brothers.
“Wait! Fine! You win! Don’t touch them. Don’t touch my kids.” Castiel took the knowledge from the primordial god and thought about killing them children, he turned about ready to kill them when he froze, Dean flashing through his mind’s eye.
“Do you not like the name?” He asked and Castiel shook his head, interrupting Dean.
“Well we have been in love for a lot longer, for a good seven years if not more-even if we never thought of each other as boyfriends.”
Needless to say, John had seen it to, but in a much different light then Mary had. John saw it as a danger, not a danger to Dean, but that Dean was the danger. So he took him to his own father, whose own idea was simple; to bind the power into Dean so deep in his subconscious so that he wouldn't ever remember it.
Castiel with his arms wrapped around Dean's torso, keeping the blonde man on his lap, while he seemed right at home just sipping at his beer.
Dean moved so that he could be faced with Castiel who was still looking down. Though he wanted to lean down so that he could see Castiel's blue eyes but wouldn't move and wait for Castiel to look at him if he wished. He was just about to back away taking it as his angel not wanting to when the angel of Thursday did look up at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t know what he would do when that bastard was dead, hadn’t thought about it. He didn’t know what he would do but he didn’t care, he was not the same anymore since losing his brother, since losing h is eyes. The very last thing those hazel eyes had seen before they melted out of his skull was his big brother crumple to the floor lifeless.
“Why are you all looking at me?”
Nothing.
“Dean is in danger,” was all that the angel said and Sam could understand. Castiel was his best friend but it was different from the relationship with Dean, Dean and Castiel belonged together, even if they danced around it for years on end, sometimes he wanted to grab them and shake them, their sexual tension was very uncomfortable; between his brother and the angel that he viewed as a brother, and wanting to yell at them to stop wasting time. As hard as the first ‘I love you’ was to say, it was nothing compared to the last. What he wouldn’t give to see their eye sex again, to have Dean back. Hell, he missed Dean giving him a hard time.
- - - - -
He moved along slipping past Sam and a Nephilim, one that he did not recognize but did not mind at the moment. He could still remember the Nephilim that everyone had adored, the Nephilim that the humans had forgotten about. He only cared to see that he was his older brother, Lucifer’s, child. But knowing that he could protect Dean he did not worry too much. Besides, his hunter will not be here for long.
“Hello?” His brother sounded tired but did answer before the second ring, “listen I’m sorry but I’m already dealing with an emergency s-“
“Worse then a demon?” Castiel echoed and the archangel nodded.
“A...guinea pig?” Sam questioned and Dean looked up groaning, he hadn't told Sam or Gabriel about his plans, but really why would he bother? He can handle paying to care for her and he knew that Castiel would know how to care for the cavy and then some.
“You know Cassie, they were a very nice couple.” Gabriel hummed and Castiel nodded.
For Sam it calmed him that the powers were not because of the demon blood, and it all calmed him down. Now he could calm and not worry that his powers were evil, that they always were a part of him. If they were a part of him, and were evil, what did that make him? But to know they were not demonic, that he was born with it which brought a level of calm and relief was washing over him.
“Yeah buddy?”
“Dean.” His hunter jumped as Castiel was suddenly standing in front of him, moving backwards from where he was running. His eyes, always bright shining green, were even brighter than normal thanks to the exertion the god would wager. He was sweating, not enough to be pouring out of him but a sheen along his hairline.
“Yes.” Castiel didn’t get angry, seeming if nothing else to deflate.
When the boys woke up they didn't react, they didn't know that the angels were not able to touch or interact with anything. “Hey Castiel?” Gabriel called looking over to his older brother who never, ever, called him by his full name. Not even when he was a fledgling.
“So, you’re the one he keeps talking about?” The scarred being sneered, “you are the one who is holding my mate back from me?” He couldn’t believe it, this had to be a joke, a sick prank. Why would he be so fixated on this utter disgraceful version of him? He was a simple seraph, in that horrible trench coat, he was nothing compared to him. He could protect Dean, and make sure that he was safe and happy. Of course, Dean’s loyalty always inspired awe in him, but this was ridiculous.
“Why do you care so much? What’s the catch?” Castiel asked and the demon looked at him for a few moments and frowned before shrugging.
I have been waiting for this chapter for so long!
Taking note of his surroundings he saw that he was in a closet. Opening it up he paused as he saw the bedroom. It was covered in toys and there was a small child in the bed shaking and glancing from over the lip of the blanket and he could see the fear in their eyes.
“What the hell Gabe?” Sam asked and Dean smirked as his little brother knew how to handle himself, even if his own big brother instincts screamed at him to pull Sam away until Gabriel started acting normal. Who knows what those psychic vampires could have done to him? How did he know that Sam was safe when Gabriel was acting like this?
“That's the scar Cas left when he pulled me out of hell.” Dean answered shrugging like it was no big deal. And in truth it wasn't. That he had been saved from that nightmare was not and any time he thought of it-which he tried not to since he hated to think of those forty years-he knew how much Castiel had saved him. But he was so used to the scar that he couldn't see himself not having it.
“I need my Sam-Cuddles.” Gabriel pouted in a way that should not be cute on an adult man, much less a nearly-ageless angel but it was. It was adorable.
“Regroup.”
Sam saw Gabriel watching the exchange, he had been to. It was nice that after so long of being stuck in the middle between Dean and Castiel's sexual tension and those weird eye fucking thing they do. It has been so long that he is used to the two staring deeply into each others eyes.
“Ice cream,” Gabriel smiled grabbing Sam by the arm and tugging him to the small cute pastel shop.
“How do we break it?” Sam asked as Dean stroked Dean's hair, somehow still staring right into his eyes. However this time when blue met green it was more innocent love then like they were eye fucking. There wasn't any sexual tension which immediately Sam wondered if he should break whatever spell she had cast just yet.
Ellen, Jo, Patricia, Johnathan, Zack, Cody, Jacob, Eddie, Pastor Joe, even Bobby. People he's lost, both people he failed to save as well. The one who had been stroking Sam's hair turned from him and he stopped breathing, his lungs stopped, his heart stopped, the fucking world stopped and tears slipped from his green eyes as he saw who it was.
“Why do you want to get away from me so much? Why can’t you just let me make you happy?” Dean scoffed but didn’t dignify him with an answer instead saying something else.
- - - - -
“Bitch.” Dean growled out and Sam rolled his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
But first he had to find him, not only was the particular angel bastard he was searching for hiding his tracks monumentally better than he had bothered. There was no scar in the chasms of the fabric of time and space but the one he had used to enter was still here. Which meant the angel hadn’t left, considering he had never stayed longer than a few days, considering how similar the two scars in reality always were but this one was a good week old if not more. Which meant that he hadn’t left.
“Sa…Sammy I was just…uh…” Dean trialed off and then it hit Sam, he had seen that himself when his college roommate for freshman year was caught by Sam with his boyfriend.
He loved his brother with everything he had, every part of him, and he loved Gabriel just as much, but different. So very differently. Gabriel was just like Castiel just the opposite side, he needed someone to care for him and Sam needed the responsibility, the ability to give care and adoration to someone special.
When they got to Philadelphia Dean all but crashed having driven most of the way there, and he wasn't one to sleep in a moving car so was wide awake. Castiel crawled into bed with him, slipping behind him to spoon him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I never take it off.” Gabriel looked surprised for only one moment before smiling at him. “Oh Sammy,” he kissed Sam with just as much passion but less fire, a softer fire, a love so confident that it took its time. “Oh sorry, I mean Samshine,” Gabriel corrected he knew that the younger hunter hated to be called Sammy, he thought it made him sound like a little kid which is why Dean was the only one who was allowed to call him that.
“It's okay Sam, it's okay.” Gabriel consoled Sam who looked up at him surprised that Gabriel had taken such a caring persona to him. “I understand the basics of this. It...it could work.” Despite his words, he didn't seem too thrilled about that.
“In love?” Castiel questioned and Sam noticed the flinch from Dean.
He would not even mind finding out that Dean didn’t remember him.
Castiel was more than ready to have his Dean back in his arms, Tapoco North Carolina. Latitude 35.4425, longitude -83.8996. Going there Castiel sent out his grace looking for the one body he can’t put a soul to. His hunter.
“Wait, wait, what?” Dean pulled away from him but couldn’t get up and Castiel frowned but continued on.
Everything stopped.
- - - - -
But it didn't cause him anger, to lash out. No, this one it almost felt like...it wasn't okay but...after so long seeing the hand print, Castiel's hand print,on his shoulder when he was changing, when he got out of the shower, when he was doing both his morning and nightly routine, and whenever Castiel reached out, his hand slotting perfectly against that scar and the strangely calming feeling that flowed through him.
“Again Cas?” He shook his head, “you forget every time.” He then grinned and shrugged, “no matter.” He then started to shift and Castiel watched as Death's form started to change and turn into a well remembered form.
“Thanks Sammy. So...what are you thinking this thing might be?” He asked walking over to get onto couch Sam was sitting on, only he sat atop the top of the couch, his feet resting on the cushions.
Castiel took a few deep breaths, swallowing past a lump in his throat, Dean asked so he would do as Dean asked like always and tell his husband what he wanted to know. It didn’t take long for him to remember and count them in his head, “one hundred and thirty-seven.” Of the just under five thousand universes Castiel had searched there were one hundred and thirty-seven where Dean was dead-and stayed dead-or was never born.
“Okay man, as long as you understand it. If you want to ride away with her, well you’ll need some safety stuff, helmet, gloves, you know.” Castiel nodded and began to pick those out as well, he made sure to slip an extra several hundred into the man’s pocket, considering that he was doing what was right and obviously had a lot of integrity. That should be rewarded.
“Well more I wanted to cook for my little brother again.” He had a strangely gentle smile on his face for only a few moments before it switched to a more normal cocky smile. “I don’t need to eat, but I know that at least one of you will think I poisoned it if I don’t eat something though.” Castiel looked at the food that is offered up, looking at the offered food. He looked at the omelets that were white because there was no yolks in the eggs and were filled with a mixture of cheese, mushrooms and herbs, more so parsley, pepper, and chives. The fruit was sprinkled with a little bit of sugar and the waffles were made up of whipped egg whites and the molecules held a lot of air. No poison.
“We should go to Samshine.” Gabriel cooed wrapping his arms around one of Sam's. “I know that you've been wanting a dog for your whole life basically!” Gabriel pretended to not notice that Dean flinched, a small part of him, still a little eight or nine year inside him, who always hated no matter how much he wanted he could never give Sammy a puppy.
“What is wrong with a bakery?” Castiel shot back like it was his dream that Gabriel was insulting. The humans blinked at the hostility but Gabriel understood it and shrugged.
“Okay, I'll be good.” Gabriel promised, it wasn't just the fact that he was a sugar fiend and loved sweets. What he wanted more was to taste a part of his mate's childhood.
Sam yelled allowing his magic to lash out along with his anger.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes this is...amazing.” He took a deep breath of the tart filling and buttery crust, “what is it?”
“Is that why people are always saying Dean and Cas are dating, boyfriends, or in love?” Sam asked with a chuckle and Dean gaped at him.
“Wh-where are we?” A human said, she and the others were back to what they were, now was the hard part, how to explain something to them. Tell them something. From the research that Castiel had done Dean knew that they would remember now but they were now forced to understand that monsters were real. Possibly they were from another time entirely and forced to come to terms with their own monstrosity as well.
“Then what the hell was it?” He asked and Castiel glanced over to him and Dean's own eyes glanced over to him. Sam looked over to Gabriel as the entire time that Dean and Castiel were 'talking' he couldn't get what he was talking about from his angel.
“Okay, you can move now Cas. I'm fine.” He promised relaxing and making sure that he stayed pliant while Castiel slowly pushed one finger into him. He was surprised that it didn't hurt. He could feel a stretch that was slightly uncomfortable but he felt no burning or pain.
“Man did you forget how Cas was?! He said that if we didn’t worship him in a week, he’d kill us.”
“I got it a while ago, I didn’t think I’d ever be able to…you know.” Dean explained, “marriage wasn’t something I’d be able to have, but just in case.” Castiel stroked the silver rings.
“Sounds good.” Sam easily agreed.
“Hello?”
“Your form...it's...beautiful.” Sam managed to get out as Gabriel felt himself starting to freak but he relaxed hearing that and sensing nothing but love and awe from his mate through their connection. Same found this form of his...beautiful?
“I love you to Dean, more then anything.” He promised and could tell by the way that Dean's arms that had at some point wrapped around his waist tightened that he felt the love that they shared. Castiel couldn't stop a feeling of pride welling up in him. Someone else wouldn't know, wouldn't understand that Dean's obvious discomfort in showing his emotions in any way, even if front of his brother, wasn't feeling ashamed of him. His not touching too much in public wasn't either. It was his feeling of wanting to hide away and protect all that is precious to him. Another wouldn't understand that about his precious Dean, they'd want him to change. To know that he was the only one who could give Dean what he needed...let it be wrong, it was how he felt.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sam, is that Cas with you?”
“Let us be clear: you’re mine.” Castiel said and kissed him again Dean relaxed intro the kiss before pulling away and Castiel hummed. “What is it?”
Sam's eyes slid over to see his older brother, brother-in-law and husband. There were two children, a two year old and a baby. The little girl, who held up two fingers when they asked her what how old she was, Dean was holding her baby brother, while the older girl gripped his pants leg. He was the only one who she would let near her, and it was thanks to Castiel to relax the baby boy.
“So, in this universe you are close to.” Castiel was glad, he didn’t know who he could go to if he didn’t want to help him.
“Cas!” Dean screamed not having expected that jumping at the feeling. His hand was held tightly in the blue tie that Dean had wrapped around his hand keeping him steady but his other hand shot out landing in Castiel's wing. His entire wing shook and Dean could feel it ripple underneath him. “C-Cas?” He managed to ask having felt it despite what he was feeling with his scar being held.
“First born?” He asked and Gabriel shrugged and hummed.
- - - - -
“God damnit! I hate that!” Castiel couldn’t help but give a small chuckle, “what’s so funny there, chuckles?”
“Wasn’t it?” Dean said before he could think better of it but refused to feel guilty about it.
Dean could not believe it. How? How could that happen? Looking into Castiel's blue eyes (blue no more) just eerie white taking on his entire eyeball. Castiel smirked and looked around until his solitarily colored orbs fall on the trio again and smiled a beneficial smile.
“I don’t care!” Dean roared before pulling back and took a few deep breaths. “Whatever fuck off. All I want to know is which universes have me already dead?”
“Dean, wait-“
When Sam took a bite his eyes closed and he smiled, “this tastes just like the cherry pie you made when I was ten!” Sam grinned, “how did you do that?” He asked and Dean chuckled.
“We know. We love you guys. Always. Now go.” Jacob managed kissing Castiel's cheek and with one last look they remembered the shape and color of their children's souls so that no matter what they would find and see them no matter what. Putting as much grace as they could to protect them they flew away to heaven, where they would find their Winchesters, leaving a duo of Winchesters to take their place and take care of humanity just as the brothers did for decades as well.
Now pushing sixty the couples were still spry as ever. Still it was the younger hunters were out there; saving people and hunting things. Let them be the ones who hunt-Dean, Castiel, Sam and Gabriel had more than earned their rest.
“Sister?” Castiel asked and Dean frowned and then sighed looking at Castiel's slight head tilt.
“Uhm…what is this?” He asked and Castiel answered simply.
“To me eating salad is. Besides; I like the taste.” Sam grinned and Gabriel rolled his eyes before getting serious as Sam's next question. “You said several times that we have a bond, Castiel has said it several times to Dean, and we...completed it, made it stronger. What does it all mean?”
Dean was laying in the bed sound asleep, in such a deep sleep that, at first, made Castiel smile. His face was so relaxed, the muscles leaving Dean looking years younger thanks to being so relaxed. However, it left Castiel wondering exactly what it was that made him act like that, it wasn’t that he was jealous, not in this context, it was worrying to him. He put two fingers to Dean’s forehead and frowned as he noticed the medicine in Dean’s system. Too much. Sure, it was not enough to be dangerous but the mixture of sleeping and pain pills made him nervous. He knew all too well how fragile his delicate mate was, no matter how strong he was. Touching him again he expunged one and a half of the sleeping pills from his system.
“This is interesting...” Gabriel hummed pushing some hair out of Sam's face. “But with our grace we can make you understand it some, just until we can go after this thing before it kills anymore.” Gabriel bit his lip looking nervous which was so rarely that it worried Sam.
“What do you think, Buddy sound good?” He asked and the dog barked causing the hunter to laugh as the archangel tugged on him whimpering which quickly had Sam pressing their lips together in a commanding kiss.
“I had no idea it was coming, I just could do it one day; I didn't even believe it at first. It could of cost people their lives.” He shook his head, when he found out exactly what had killed Jess his guilt had reduced but it would flare up once in a while. He knew he couldn't have stopped it.
“Sammy! Please mate!” He panted tugging at Sam's shirt.
“Why did you have me here?”
“What did he want from you?” Castiel spoke for the first time since learning that an alternative universe’s Dean Winchester had died.
“You are the most important, but helping people is deeply ingrained in you.” Castiel explained, “all the parts about being a hunter that you love, nothing you don’t.”
“So, there you are.” Both knight of hell and god turned to see the witch, Sam Winchester.
Sam frowned as he looked through the items in the home of the pocket dimension. There was nothing that he could see, and it had to be something with powers to get into the pocket dimension.
“Getting the clothes sprayed for blood and having two washers going at the same time will half the time. I need at least two people to do that. Sam needs to do the research while we're doing that and Gabriel...I wasn't planning for him to be here but he can help Sam. Who know's where he was hiding out, Sam's research might trigger an idea.” He points out walking out and Castiel did, despite his protests, followed Dean.
- - -
“Oh my, my, how cute~” The king said and walked away from the scarred Castiel and moved closer to this universe’s version of himself and Castiel. The three other men all stared at him quietly seeming to be confused and waiting to figure out what the hell king was planning.
No. No Dean. None whatsoever. It wasn’t till he found the grave of Mary Winchester that he understood. Mary Campbell 1954-1966 his darling hunter’s mother had died when she was only twelve years old. His Dean was never born. That explained why he didn’t like this universe; not that it was hard to find his Dean. That his Dean-even a lesser version of him-didn’t exist here, had never existed here.
“You hold even those who died before you knew there was something dangerous.” He sighed and reached out his hand to cup his face, “you can't save everyone my love.” Frowning he leaned over to kiss him sweetly. “My darling love,” he whispered without thinking his grace slipping through to wrap around his mate's body.
Dean shook as he finally stopped his flight. Not caring where he had landed as he looked at the necklace, holding it close to himself, as he pressed his lips to it, it was still warm, and he wondered if Castiel had done the same before shaking his head roughly.
“Castiel how could you? Our father would be so disappointed.” He sneered at Castiel, still believing himself to be stronger than Castiel, after all he was the only remaining archangel, Gabriel had been gone, presumed dead for centuries, as well as Lucifer and Michael trapped in a cage in hell. “I’m going to destroy you, but first these little pets of yours.” As he said this, he sneered at them, especially at Dean who Castiel was cradling in his arms.
The bond, it was strong, all consuming. Profound.
If you will it, bind to me,
“Anytime De,” he frowned though as Dean was suddenly frowning, “De?”
“People don't stay still as they sleep, they shift.” Dean pointed out and Castiel nodded.
“Well this universe was my one hundredth and thirty eighth,” Castiel explained, “and most had you; a different version of you, some got close but were not you. And I would go through a thousand more universe, any amount, I had to go through to find you.” Castiel smiled reaching forward for Dean’s face again, stroking his knuckles along his cheek. Dean did not throw his hand away like he had before, but he did turn his face sharply away; still it was progress.
“Go ahead Cas.”
“Nothing. Just that if our Winchester boys were to add coffee and tea, maybe even sandwiches and salads it'd be a cafe instead.” Gabriel pointed out as everyone looked over to Dean who looked away.
“Dean?” Sam smirked turning to him before he felt it, he didn’t need eyes, didn’t need his magic, to know who it was. “Dean? Is that really you?” Sam stopped what he was doing and Castiel took a deep grateful breath as the pain rescinded faster than it even came.
“Really?” He asked and Castiel tilted his head slightly.
“We haven't eaten since dinrast last night.” Dean pointed out using his word that was like brunch but instead of breakfast and lunch squashed together it was dinner and breakfast. “Plus where else do people talk like when eating?” Dean pointed out and Sam nodded, “come on Sammy.”
“What’s with you?” The scarred angel/god had seemed relaxed and happy almost completely content but now he looked like he was about to kill someone. His eyes were the full on white. Bad. This is bad. Oh shit.
This was strangely exhausting. But I hope you guys like this, I promise it will be much more happy after this until the story is done. It will be over soon. But since we won't see Jacob and Violet again if anyone wants to know they basically do the same thing Sam and Dean did before finding their own lovers and continuing on the family business just like Sam and Dean did.
Every possible monster that existed ran through his head. It was bad when any child was possibly hurt, but not Violet. Not his little girl. Not his kids.
Dun dun dun! I hope everyone liked this, and now our quartet is complete.
If John hadn't gotten one of them and tested it to see if their claws were capable of turning someone John would have killed him. If Bobby hadn't been there...
He looked around making sure that he doesn't have anything there and seeing Castiel just standing there and watching him. Dean groaned realizing what had woken him up. Castiel had a habit of doing that, as Dean slept he'd watch over him. Hell even when he would stay at the bunker or Bobby's house he'd get up to find that Castiel was standing outside his door the entire time.
He froze as a shudder went through him. He didn’t have to wonder about what that was, it was only one possibility: Castiel.
Castiel moaned moving slightly faster and harder, and would worry when he was able to think a bit but by the sounds Dean was making, and the cute begging he was doing had Castiel doing more.
“You do wish to commune again?” He asked and Dean looked away from him a bit more grunting.
“Do you th-”
That last thing left him with a conundrum, he knew that Dean loved pie, that could be called his favorite food and he could almost never get enough of the food. The thing everyone always forgot or was always sold out. He might love all pies, but he had two favorites: apple and cherry, he loved both deeply and either could work for him. Normally it wouldn’t matter one way or another: Dean loved every kind of pie and one of his two favorites would always be a win for him, but today after everyone and fresh off of Dean running away from him Castiel wanted to do get this as close as perfect.
Sam had never been flown before via angel flight. Dean had once or twice and always seemed to be okay with the flight, even when he had beat Dean up, even if Dean always did complain it made him unable to poop for a week. And why was he just thinking of that now, when Gabriel had already flown him to the house in Pennsylvania?
It was not until a little bit after noon or half past noon that Sam and Dean got home and while the younger brother-despite now being just fresh from his fifty-fifth birthday-was still an early riser while Dean now being fifty-nine was enjoying being an empty nester and despite rarely taking a hunt anymore he was still part of hunting.
The melody of Hey Jude that once upon a time Dean had hummed to Sam himself when he was worried or scared. It was so ingrained he had relaxed even now as an adult.
Castiel kept his hand on Dean's shoulder offering his support and care to him while Dean wanted to pull away as he tended to just want to be left alone when he was facing something that was too emotional right now he needed the comfort his angel gave him.
“What do you mean?” He asked and Castiel tilted his head obviously not understanding Dean's mood.
An angel was always happiest when able to watch over their mate. Especially when said mate was vulnerable; for angles it would only be if one managed to get injured but having a human mate meant it was every night as they slumbered.
“Yes, and Sam can you see Castiel's wings?” When the younger Winchester shook his head he grinned more and moved to be beside Sam. All six of his wings they were fluttering slightly and Sam grinned seeing them, they were glowing so much he couldn't take his eyes off them.
He knew the story, of course as he and Sam talked about any and everything. And he knew all about how Dean used to bake, how he loved it. And about how scared Sam was when he was going to go to school for the first time so Dean, at the time only ten was able to use Pastor Jim's kitchen with his blessing to. Dean made Sam home made cinnamon rolls, not the stuff from the tube but flour and salt and baking soda and all that.
“You wanted to be held just as much as I do.” He stated and Dean looked at him shocked and glared but looked away huffing but he did hold Castiel closer to him.
- - -
“Listen Sammy, I know neither of us wanted this life, and you could have been something else entirely.” He shook his head and Castiel's jaw tightened some from the way he could sense Dean's thoughts. He couldn't imagine Dean wanting a white picket fence, dog and two-point-five kids. But if that was something that Dean wanted why would he think that he couldn't be that, couldn't have that? Anyone would be lucky to have Dean as their mate-their husband as the humans would call him. And children, Dean would be an amazing father, and the children would be good, strong, beautiful. Being Dean's children how could they not be?
This was fun to write and I enjoyed showing off the more serious side of Gabe.
“Come on, you and Cassie might have not gone through it all but you two are mated as of now that you finally are accepting it and kissing.” He grinned and chuckled, “you are so in love with Cassie.” Gabriel then got serious and spoke up, “but I have to tell you some things, there is a…from another universe is-“
“You found him?!” Sam demanded, “did you find out what he is? What does he want?” Sam demanded taking a wash rag to give him to clean the blood off his face while they got ready to tend to any wounds he might have.
“It comes from taking care of Sammy since I was five while our dad went on hunts.”
“They obviously enjoyed working out, something for you to work out any extra energy if you would need to, I suppose.” Castiel mused and that only had Dean glaring at him but he just led him further down the hall to the last door, which he opened tugging Dean to the room, it was a bathroom that had a deep tub and shower head, a his & her sink, and a towel warmer.
- - -
“Come on, keep it up and I'll think twice about asking Dean to find that home made cinnamon roll recipe he used to bake for me the first day of school.” Sam threatened, and Gabriel gasped in horror at the thought.
He was beyond grateful that Castiel could take care of Dean. That while his big brother would never be able to take being cared for all of the time that Castiel would at least most of it. And best of all? Dean would let him.
“I…I hope you find your brother.”
All three men gasped, though the scarred Castiel knew and the angel had an inkling of an idea but seeing it made both angel and hunter jump back, and he frowned and gave a pout. “Oh baby, don’t be like that.” He pulled the angel close to him, spinning him to pull the angel’s back against the demon king’s chest.
Castiel was more than happy having been the focus of Dean's attention the entire time. Planning out meals together, deciding what they would do. Going to see movies, teaching Dean German, or just snuggled together while they both did their own thing. It was like being in their own bubble for a while.
They'd tell Violet, but not Jacob. In two years or later if they could get away with it they would tell Jacob as well. He was too young. He was part of his school's baseball team and liked skateboarding on the weekends and enjoyed playing video games.
Castiel was shocked and disgusted knowing what was happening while Sam, Dean and Gabriel disliked it and thought it was wrong on both their parts but really what could they do? To tell him would hurt him more, and he didn't really talk to them. He wasn't like his wife, he never had a problem and would give them a quick wave when he walked out to work and often stopped by the cafe and had no problem when he found out that they were two sets of brothers who had married the other set of brothers and the cafe was their business. He had the couples two young children and had looked surprised for a moment before nodding and asking what was good their.
And he couldn't be happier.
“Why would we do that? We are already bonded far closer then any simple human ceremony couold do.” Castiel pointed out and Dean couldn't help but chuckle. That was such a Cas thing to say.
“Cassie wouldn't either.” Gabriel assured him, “he is Dean's Bitch.” He started laughing to be funny and Sam couldn't help but chuckle.
“Why can't I play with the knives like Vi?” He asked and Dean couldn't help but smile, the idea that a knife would be considered playing.
“You were fine after it.” Dean argued back, “we don't know what he did!” He then shook his head frowning and Castiel looked at Dean even more worried.
“It's different, I watched over Sam my entire life I'm...I'm just protective of my baby brother.” He explained and Castiel knew what he wasn't saying, and it was true for the other couple as well. Dean had spent his entire life taking care of others. Especially Sam who he was more a father then a brother, and Sam had come to see all that he took for granted, and of course Gabriel was grateful for Dean always having taken care of his mate.
Castiel wondered how long it had been that his precious Dean had associated safety with him. That thought allowed something warm to curl around his grace.
His husband licked his lips looking the angel up and down, and the turned god was not the only one who noticed, the hunter did as well, gritting his teeth with a snarl he gripped the tie, pulling Castiel into a messy kiss.
“No. We'll always need you, you're our dads.” Violet smile at Gabriel, “but you all-all four of you-have given us everything we need. You need to be with them.” She promised despite her tears, “it's time you to go, it's okay to let go.”
“Samsquatch?” Gabriel asked as Sam pulled his face away from him, panting. He was confused as it didn't seem long enough to him that his dear hunter would need to breathe.
“Don’t lie.” Dean reached out, grabbing the necklace that was sitting over Castiel’s loose tie and ripped it off of his neck. The ring clattered to the ground and Dean was gone along with his necklace. He left Castiel struck dumb staring at the space that once held his Dean.
“Your so smart Samshine! London actually.” He chuckled before smirking, “and guess why I took you here?”
Castiel wearing a flannel that he knows is Dean's, laying down with his head in someone's lap and a well remembered freckled hand tangled in his black hair.
But this wasn't just some room he rented for the night or even a week. This was a home. Their home. What he wasn't thinking he'd do is Castiel moving to slot his hand perfectly over Dean's shoulder on his scar from his angel. Sure Castiel had touched him there plenty of times over the years but always over his clothing and never exactly over it. Now his hand was slotted perfectly over his scar.
- - - - -
“Right we did, Sammy.” Gabriel hummed happily standing up, “we are dealing with a psychic vampire.” He chuckled, “I haven't seen one in centuries; I thought they were all but gone.”
“Dessert?” Dean froze, the burger halfway to his mouth and he sighed, “what kind of dessert.”
“I don’t understand Dean, we see movies all the time, why would a theater change it?” Castiel didn’t see the point but Dean’s heart was set on it so he would do as he wished.
“We wanted a fresh start, my brother and I are originally from Kansas.” Sam explained, careful to tie the line between the truth and the official story, “listen man, I don't know what the hell is going on anymore then you do.” He knew well that with no explanation that the police, as well as anyone not in the 'know' would come up with some kind of 'rational' explanation. Anything but the supernatural. Usually it was Dean who dealt with something like that but Dean was...
“Yeah, so lets get to work.”
Opening his eyes Dean looked into Castiel's blue eyes and knew what that meant. Castiel did speak up for the benefit of Sam and Gabriel. “He has powers to but they are bound up tight.” He said and Gabriel sighed and nodded.
“Oh Gabe,” Sam took a deep breath he turned to press a kiss to Gabriel’s palm that had been holding his face. “A lot has happened since you died,” his voice broke for the very last word and Castiel wondered why it had never come up to Dean or himself why they were never told.
- - - - -
But where was this Dean?
“What did you just say?” He asked and Gabriel shook his head looking up at Sam.
“You've been quiet all morning. Barely said anything during breakfast, nor while we were walking. We've been in the historical district Sam.” Gabriel pointed out and that got through to Sam more then anything else. Forget walking by historical actors just waiting to tell him about anything he wanted to know, gawk at the archaeology or experience the just feel of the history permeating every spot.
“Yeah I know Sammy, I'm just older, shouldn't it have hit me first if a binding happened?” He asked and Sam relaxed realizing what he was saying.
“Or more? I don’t know he…he seems kind of…intense.”
- - - - -
- - -
She had just made sure that they were both okay and that Kristabella walked back with a tray holding a tea pot with four tea cups and saucers along with some sweeteners including honey and sugar with a medium plate holding cookies.
I've said it before and I'll say it again; Domestic Destiel is my favorite Destiel.
“I don't know Sammy.”
He was one more step-an incredibly important step-closer to finding his Dean.
- - -
“How good can it be? You eat honey straight from the jar.” He chuckled and rolling his eyes pushed his plate towards Castiel. “Here, try some.” He said and Castiel looked at it before picking up the fork poking the slowly flaking crust.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel finally managed to say, “I am here on, um, urgent business.” Castiel managed to say and Dean stood reaching and drying his hands before turning to see Castiel fully and froze jumping back but he could not thanks to the counter that held the sink.
“Nah, Cas just doesn't overwork the pie like you do.”
“I would put Dean in a pocket dimension, somewhere only I could get to.” Sam looked at Castiel like he had grown a second head.
Dean.
“When I said I'd give anything to make it so you wouldn't have to go through what you had I would. Including giving up the bond you do not want.” Castiel said and Dean looked up at him almost looking horrified.
“Yeah babe?” Dean asked with a smile as Castiel sighed, he was used to Dean calling him by pet names, while babe and baby were one of his favorite ones. It was something precious.
“You are worried you won't be a good dad. You will.” Sam promised and looked away, “I understand, I ran from my family to. But we are both older and wiser.” Sam chuckled as Gabriel quirked an eyebrow. “Maybe this is what were meant to do, maybe now we can rest and retire from the family business. Be like Bobby, be a help to younger hunters.” Sam explained taking Gabriel's hand, “I'm ready to settle down, settle down with you.”
“The others were good but this...”
“You've heard of fairy circles preferring first borns? They are naturally more psychicly gifted.” He shook his head, “but seeing how bright gold Sam's heart is, he probably is so much more powerful.”
Castiel choose to get some soap and shampoo, he knew the scent and brand that Dean preferred, he went to get a razor and the shaving cream, after shave and the cologne that Dean preferred. Of course, Dean couldn’t wear the cologne often, only when meeting witnesses, monsters could smell the scent of the cologne and chase them down.
Slowly but surly the two angels shrank so that they could be on the same size and make it easier to hold each other in their arms and hold them. “Come my love,” Castiel whispered to his mate pulling him along, already they were starting to change and morph, becoming full waves of energy as all souls were, Sam being tugged along by Gabriel as well.
Yay for Gabriel being here and taking the center stage. Next chapter will be as heavy sabriel it will get for a while.
Gabriel slowly slipped through Sam's mind, getting to see him. He was careful to not go through any memories or anything that he might not want to see. He still would see more of him than just what he could do, what type of physic power he had. He saw how he loved, how he cared, how he worried, all the ways he felt. Sam Winchester was a man of contradictions; he always loved salad but craved the filling-ness of a steak, he loved anything to do with books but found research for a particular thing getting dull every once in a while, he might like sweets just as much as his brother but preferred to satisfy it with fruit and yogurt, he loved his brother more then anything but he found it hard to be there for the man since Dean normally acted more like a father then a brother, he never wanted the life of a hunter but this was the only time he felt like he had a purpose in his life.
“I’m not losing you Dean; we’ll stay this way forever.” Castiel kissed Dean’s forehead and clung to his freckled lover. “I love you.”
“Morning Cas,” Dean smiled and reached up to stroke Castiel's wings not really thinking of anything as he stroked the feathers. Castiel relaxed allowing himself to relax fully, it wasn't the lustful pleasure like when Dean gripped his wings last night, but it was instead a caring sweetness. A lot like a massage would feel to a human, it was something that he had seen plenty of mated angels do. He wondered why Dean was doing that, if it was instincts or just something he was thinking of.
“I heard that to, but he’s mated?” Castiel questioned and looked shocked and a mixture of scared and ill, it was more emotion than Sam was used to normally see. He did seem softer and more open since having Dean back. “What he said…”
I hope you guys like this and especially seeing dark Cas deal with canon Dean. I hope I’m keeping both in character.
“What?” He smirked as the powers of Castiel had been washed away. It took a long time, a long time working under Rowena, he had gained knowledge, powers, and skills with a righteous determination. If he thought it was possible, he would have offered up his soul, but he knew never to do that. Not only did he know that demon deals often times didn’t work out, that you had to be careful of what they promised, they were not allowed to lie to make a deal and there was nothing they could do to succeed. All they could. Instead he would do what he could do, and he would not allow himself to fail.
But that grace, how did he not understand it? Of course, he had nearly countless siblings he could not know all of them. Their numbers might not be limitless, but they were also many that were not seraphs like him. Still he could not name even what kind of angel it was, it almost seemed more on the line of a god than it did just his servants.
“You’ve got me confused for another Castiel, there are millions of different universes and most have their o-“ he cut off as a palm went over his mouth.
Violet 16, Jacob 14,
“Did you just mojo the crust chilled? I thought you wanted to bake?” He asked and Gabriel shrugged.
“What happened?” Sam asked stroking Gabriel's hair who had moved down and was now snuggling against his dear moose.
“For what it's worth, I think it's pretty damn great.” Gabriel beamed underneath Sam's praise while Dean snorted at the chick flick moment. Several hopeless romantics would absolutely melt if they could see it. “Reminds me of Dean's first few pies,” the older Hunter's breath caught in his throat and the remembrance of them.
“You ever heard 'too much of a good thing'?” Gabriel asked and then rubbed his temples, “I disagree with it, but for these things it is far too true. Someone with extraordinary psychic energy are like poison to them, if they would try to feed they'd be like chasing down rat poison with a antifreeze shot.
“Don't worry Sam, it's temporary.” She assured him, “it's worse if they had been turned into babies.” She chuckled and groaned, “it is a spell meant to be a harmless prank. Good thing I don't practice fight magic. Anyway, in a week or two they will be back to normal.” She seemed content with that, giving the children a piece of honey pie and though she offered a piece to Sam he refused it.
“How then? Who took you?” Castiel asked and reached out to grab Dean’s forearm, “I sense power around you, whatever did it is something that I have never encountered before.
After a little bit Castiel took control of the kiss leading Dean and able to feel the soul trembling knew how roughly to kiss him to be what Dean wanted. Kissing each other relaxing and holding each other, Dean gripping his shirt over his shoulder in one hand and the other tangling in Castiel's black hair. In one way it wasn't that much different then kissing a chick other then the slightly rougher skin, but the way it felt was different then anyone else he was sure.
His hunter wasn’t here. Either he had been kidnapped or ran away, whichever way it was Dean was not here.
Dean had at first felt bad, why have them open a bakery because he apparently was so good at baking then immediately want someone else to bake. But when he continued he relaxed, Sam was right, of course. Fresh bread, pie, cookies, fudge, tarts, cake bars; lemon, pumpkin and cream cheese, brownie bars, so much. No way could he do it all by himself.
“Oh perfect!” He grinned happily and Castiel looked at him even more worried, he knew his husband, and knew that even before all this happened that Dean had a lot of crazy ideas. He was good at it and was resourceful but still…
With a smile he relaxed, rubbing Dean's back a bit. “Was this Gabriel?” Dean nodded and he looked to the cage which still had everything. “Dean...”
No. Not his.
“Come on.” Dean said going to the driver's side and Castiel watched him before sighing and heading to the passenger side and climbing in. “Seat belt.”
For Dean it was so confusing, with Castiel it always felt so natural, so right. He didn't question how long they stared into each others eyes, it felt like moments to him but how Sam had talked once or twice he now wondered if Sam was telling the truth. Not that he thought his brother would lie straight out, even about him and Castiel staring into each others eyes forever, but thought that he was just being a drama queen.
“Yeah, we need to visit. I don't care how we have to cover it, we will visit. It's been too long.”
- - -
“Ships?” Despite Castiel's questioning he seems more interested in the way Dean's hand is slowly stroking down his back.
To hold him again, to kiss him, watching movies until Dean fell asleep in his arms-as a demon maybe not the falling asleep part, sleepy love making before they pulled themselves out of bed and made breakfast and got some much needed coffee, Dean’s whispered ‘I love you’s that he half hoped Castiel couldn’t hear but the much more common show of love, the words were precious and rare but Castiel didn’t need them when Dean showed his love with ever action. The hunts they found and went on, only a few but Dean enjoyed it, he liked hunting even as Castiel worked to show him that he was so much more than a solider. The baking they would do together, the pie that Dean loved and the burgers that Castiel had to admit he enjoyed, as well as the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, the playful arguing over if jelly or strawberry was the better jelly to go with the peanut butter and jelly, the feel of Dean washing his hair and body, worshipping the god but not the way others would but the way a lover did, the claiming Dean as his and only his and promising himself to his lover. All of it. He could have it all again.
“Oh, my beloved,” he shook his head pulling Dean closer, pressing his lips to Dean’s own it was more just a meeting of lips than a kiss. “After you ran away, I realized that I had to do more to protect you, not just from the world and all the things that could take you away from me but yourself to.” He chuckled and pulled back gently tapping Dean’s nose. He barely held back from saying ‘boop’ as he did so, “so I moved our nest to this pocket dimension. You can run through this forest forever,” he then sighed, “if you have other surroundings that you want I can change it.” He then smirked and pulled away, “now are you going to come home with me? I was thinking of some chicken, the kind of chicken that is shaped like a chicken.”
“Alright then.” And with that he went right back to sleep sinking into the oblivion of sleep easily while Castiel watched over him making sure that he was safe.
Castiel looked down and frowned as he saw the slight red staining his hand. Not overtly but there was some miniscule red painting along the lines on his palms. His first thought was confusion, then worry that he may have missed an injury and sent out a quick scan: Dean was fine, he had only a few bruises and pulled muscles from his last few hunts, he was tensed up to the point it probably hurt badly but Dean was so used to it he didn’t even notice and there was a few problems he noticed-a bit of cleaning of his arteries and clear off a bit of soot from his lungs. Smoking. Dean only did that when he was horribly stressed, but it was no matter, Dean would be relaxed and stress free here. There would be no need to worry about him smoking. Still Castiel took care of the lungs and arteries now. The muscles he would have to do more extensive work, but he knew how he melted with a bit of hands on massage, so perhaps he would be willing to allow Castiel that honor, it would make the entire thing more enjoyable for the both of them.
“Dean, what is that on your shoulder?” He asked and he didn't know why he did. He knew exactly what it was and Dean raises an eyebrow looking to the shoulder touching the scar that always felt several degrees warmer then the rest of his skin.
Finally, Sam Winchester, his lover, was the most painful. He hadn’t been changed, he was born with the ability to harness magic, all of the Winchesters could but only Sam could access his. But there was something that had twisted around him, anger, and hatred.
“Well he is technically you an-“
“Dude, we aren't supposed to see each other till its time.” Dean said and Castiel just gave a chuckle.
Gabriel was back in a moment holding two food bags while Castiel had a tray of four to go cups. The brown bag was from a nearby diner that was more like a gastro pub then a diner and was more healthy then the greasy diners the brothers usually ate at. There were two chicken ceaser salads (Gabriel worried about Sam getting the protein that his mate needed) and Castiel had gotten two side salads (knowing that Dean needed more vegetables in his diet).
“I didn't know! I don't even know if they did bind your powers! It could have been a ritual like he said.” Dean pointed out and Sam scoffed starting to stalk to his older, shorter, brother. Gabriel frowned and tried to step in to calm him down which Sam just shrugged his hand off his shoulder, Castiel tried to step in front of Dean but the blonde pushed him aside. Of course he wouldn't be able to move Castiel if he didn't want to move, but the angel did as he wished.
This time he thought it would, Castiel slowly inched forward, pausing waiting for the slightest pull from him and Dean took a deep breath. Castiel paused at the gasp but before he could pull away and apologize, Dean started to get closer to Castiel himself, he smiled and seeing such warmth in those green eyes, Castiel pressed his lips to Dean.
“No Dean, no, never I swear!” Castiel stepped forward reaching out as if trying to take Dean’s face in his hands but then he saw that his hands were covered in blood. In Dean’s blood.
“Not another word about that Dean. You and your brother are both special.” Castiel looked right into his face, his blue eyes shining with power Dean tried to look away but Castiel would have none of that. Instead he cupped Dean's face, gently but forcibly moved his face till his green eyes were staring into his glowing blue eyes.
Castiel lifted Dean up into his arms immediately, holding him close in his arms again. If someone were to look at them, they would be shocked at the picture that they made, Castiel’s body was still a few inches shorter than Dean and the man was very muscular. Without the trench coat that would be drowning his form and make him look small and short, it didn’t look as ridiculous as it could have but he was still carrying Dean like the precious cargo he was.
“Cas? Another Cas?” Sam couldn’t believe his ears; he had dealt with different universes versions of them before, but this seemed a whole new level.
“Sammy?” All three froze as a new voice came.
“Baby, I like that. You can call me that.” Dean could not help but chuckle at that and smiled and nuzzled his face against Castiel’s neck.
“Where are we anywhere?”
- - - - -
Still now as he was standing in front of the lines of cages, he was at the local shelter. How many animals that needed love, could break his heart really. “So the guinea pigs caught your attention?” He turned to see a volunteer and nodded.
“Do you want to get us killed?!” Gabriel shouted back to the blunt man. “These psychic vampires are made by a human wishing and actively trying to become a demon. Normally some demon will show up and offer a deal of some kind.”
“The waitress.” He growled out starting to stand, he would have if Dean didn’t shoot his hand out and grabbed his shoulder, pushing him down. The scarred god could keep going if he wished but he did as Dean wanted and sat back down.
“Yeah, or there is that dream of yours to own your own bakery Dean.” Sam added and smirked at Castiel and Gabriel's shock.
The next two universes had no Dean whatsoever, one he had found Mary Campbell, she had never gotten with John Winchester and neither brother had been born, the other he had found Mary Winchester confused as Sam existed but he couldn’t find Dean, her deep core memories showed what happened, Dean had been still borne. That one was somehow even worse, worse then anything else, for Dean to exist or almost exist, to die in the womb…it just hit him.
“Yes, helping people, knowing exactly what it is and hunting it before it can kill or harm anyone else.” Castiel then smiled, “you don’t have to worry about any monster who might be too dangerous or one that we can’t stop them immediately. No fear of injuries, it being taken care immediately.” He smiled and grinned more as he saw that Dean was calming though he fought showing it, but it was all there in the slowly lowering shoulders, going down. Relaxed.
Sam watched the door shut before heading back to the kitchen, he should feel guilty. He did feel guilty, but there was no choice at the moment. Not really, not when his brother needed this, even if he would never admit to it. Dean had been through a lot and was probably (was definitely) refusing to deal with it. He needed sleep.
Sam felt a shiver go down his body, it wasn’t a normal shudder, it went through his entire body, along his torso, down his legs and even all the way down his arms and left his skin prickling. He didn’t feel anything bad, it felt protective and he wondered about it.
Oh fuck.
“Our brother’s picking up fuel.” Castiel said and the angel turned god’s brows furrowed wondering what his alternate could possibly mean by that. He was answered before either could say more as a cart being pushed by Sam filled with different candy bars and other candy and beside him was Gabriel. He was confused about that, sure they had been close once upon a time, maybe the two of them in this universe were closer?
“Damn Cas, are you okay?” Sam whispered doing his best to patch the angel up.
Violet 18, Jacob 16
“Of this universe, no. But I needed your advice.”
That monster, that monster that Sam was going to destroy.
- - - - -
They didn't talk about it again till the next day they were having lunch. Dean had chosen instead a lasagna after hearing a couple walking out talking about how good it had been, Sam his customary salad, Gabriel had ordered a bacon cheeseburger and Castiel a club sandwich. Though he didn't need to eat he could and taste it but with the others instance of how good food could be along with him having honestly liked the pie he got that.
“They are? Gabe’s is roses.” He said and chuckled, “you’re planning on giving Cas a bouquet?” He teased and Dean rolled his eyes.
“What are you- “
Sam didn't show powers as early as Dean had. Whether the demon blood he was fed as a baby effected it, either making his powers wait until he was older or making him have powers at all, or he was just showing them later then Dean had since no two psychics are the same, or even that no one had seen, though Dean had started to be trained he would never have looked for it in his baby brother, and John maybe couldn't have thought that Sam to would be psychically powerful to.
“Wh-wait!” Sam groaned “she's not ready yet.” He picked up his cell phone, dialing for Crowley.
For the first time since he woke up in that coffin Dean looked so relaxed. He looked so innocent and Castiel could feel his own heart twist with love and care. “Please Dean, for Sam, Gabriel and myself if not for yourself. Take care of yourself.” Castiel whispered and Dean frowned but before he could say anything Castiel slowly moved Dean so that he was laying down and began stroking Dean's short hair.
“For now,” Castiel agreed, “of course if there is anything you want to change, big or small, just tell me and I’ll do it.” Dean didn’t understand just how much he meant by that, he had the powers to do anything he wanted pretty much instantly could be done, if he wanted the house layout changed up, or even completely changed fully he would do that. If he wanted it completely different, to be like the Kansas bunker perhaps, Castiel still had to get the beloved Impala. The car that had served as Dean’s home for his entire life, which caused it-she, as Dean referred to her all the time-deserved his respect and gratitude. If Dean didn’t like where they were he could move the house, he could find the perfect terrain, Dean could come up with a dream geographical and weather and terrain place and Castiel would make it happen; if he wanted to go to the desert but their home be foggy and lush Castiel would do it.
Now was not the time to let himself be pulled along by the memory of golden-brown eyes and warm spun sugar scent. He had a job to do. The one universe that the monster had stopped at long enough for Sam to find that universe’s Castiel before he had to follow him through the time scar, the little bit of a worm hole left behind when someone jumped from dimension to dimension, if he didn’t follow before it healed then he’d have no way of knowing which universe to go to and it would be like finding a needle in a haystack.
John had agreed to do it immediately, and by the time he took Dean back from “the park” the toddler felt no natural instincts like he had before. Mary knew something was off immediately as she lifted him up. Was it woman, or mother's, intuition? Her own, albeit weak, psychic powers? It didn't really matter at this point, because it was done.
What he was not expecting to see was his dead lover.
“G-Gabriel? You're alive?” Sam managed to gasp out and Gabriel smiled a wide grin.
“You have not made a pie in nearly two decades?” He questioned and Dean nodded as Castiel gripped his wrist. “And you made it, your favorite pie of all pies. With Gabriel?” He questioned and Dean almost thought he caught a hint of jealousy in his angel's voice but of course that couldn't be it. He couldn't feel that. “Excuse us,” and just like that Dean was flown away somewhere and looked around seeing a house.
And just how inhuman he was.
“Cas that isn’t it, I want you as you are. Not some all powerful thing pretending to be you.”
“Okay Jessica, what I’m going to do is get you untied, I killed the man who attacked you,” she didn’t yet realize that the man was actually a vampire, it would be easiest for her. The others…they had to deal with knowing monsters existed. “You need to go downstairs and call the cops for me, okay? I’ll untie the others. We are off the interstate at Yellowstone road, tell them to go down exactly thirteen miles and take a left and drive three more miles and they’ll see the cabin we are at. Tell them an ambulance is needed to then go look out the window for them.”
“Now, now Dean,” Castiel moved his arm to stop Dean’s movement along the side resting his hand over his shoulder and gently scratching along his hairline. Dean looked at him shocked and Castiel smirked, “as much as I love pet names, can’t you find something a little more…loving?” He winked as he said the last word causing Dean to nearly fall, he would have if Castiel hadn’t wrapped his other hand around Dean’s middle, holding him up.
“Fine Cas, fine. We'll bake an apple pie.” Dean agreed and Castiel nodded his black wings fluttering almost happily. Dean found that he was learning the language of Castiel's wings the same as he learned the slight head tilts and blinks to have a wealth of meaning.
“Good. Though Sarah is running me ragged.” He forces out a laugh and Sam raises an eyebrow.
“I love you Cas,” he said it freely and happily and Castiel watched with wide eyes and Dean smiled. “I've gotten to tell you several times for the first time that I love you. I have no fear anymore.” He chuckled, “Cas. I've always loved you, I still don't think I deserve you but I still l-” Dean cut off as Castiel's lips were suddenly back on yours.
“What do you think Vi?” Jacob asked his older sister pushing his curly hair out of his eyes, he needed to cut it soon but he loved his hair how it was, he loved the hairstyle having copied the matching hairstyle of their daddy and father since he was a child and able to really pick his own hairstyle, when he was too young he would get his hair cut and done whatever the barber suggested or Jacob had said what he wanted though he often didn't care until he was seven or eight, while Violet got her hair trimmed the same time and always knew exactly what she wanted; long princess hair. Glancing over Jacob grinned seeing his sisters short hair dyed bubblegum pink and sea foam green, being just long enough she could put them in low pigtails. Still they held the same patterns as their dad had insisted on, every three months on the dot they got a cut.
“The Apoca-wait, what are you…” Castiel looked down and shook his head, “never mind,” truly there was so much more to think of, so much more to celebrate. “I am from another universe, but I doubt you’d name it that. He could not have been to his universe; he would have felt Dean’s soul if he came to him any time after he had opened the Purgatory doors. But this was a good thing, much easier for Dean to understand if he had dealt with other universes then it would not shock or worry him when he learned that Castiel was from a different one. That still didn’t answer why he couldn’t find him right away but now that he was drinking in more than just Dean’s soul, he saw what it was. Carvings. On his ribs.
“I’m sorry Dean, I was trying to-“
- - - - -
“H-How’d you get out?” Sam’s long arms wrapped around him and Gabriel gratefully melted into the embrace. “Never mind, I don’t care. I’ve got you back and that’s all I care about.” Before Gabriel could say anything, he was pulled in and the bunker door was slammed shut and the deadbolt was pulled, and Gabriel was pressed against the door. “S-“ he was cut off as Sam kissed him.
- - - - -
“Where are we? Where’s Sam?” Typical Dean, Sam is always the first name on his lips, but when Castiel thought about Sam all he could think was that he was the first domino that led to his Dean dying. “H-hey bud, are you okay?” He asked and jumped as Castiel looked at him with those white eyes and he took several deep breaths pulling Dean closer, letting his forehead down against Dean’s.
Now looking with new eyes they noticed others, so many others, others from hunts that they saved, ones that had no way to have known who they saved but somehow they were here. How were they here? Neither Dean nor Sam minded but still them being there was so...confusing.
“Ah, ah, ah,” Sam cooed teasing him, brushing his lips once more before pulling back. “Pick our dog's name first. No kissing me till I get an answer.”
“Wh-of course not!” Sam gasped out aghast even more and shook his head. “I'm shocked that you're alive, angry you didn't at least send a post card.” He shook his head, “you left us a message for an in case you die porno and you couldn't send a email that you're alive?!” He crossed his arms and Gabriel smiled.
“What is the matter, adored?” Castiel asked and Dean groaned, he glared at him.
“I will show you!” He winked and suddenly Sam was out into the overcast weather of the outside and gasped as he got the look. Yes he had been told that he was in England but actually seeing it was two different things. He had never been out of the states before and even then it was never exactly to take in the sights. He had always wanted to travel to Europe and see the sights that he learned about in his humanities as well as see how laws and order were held there as well as just to see. But in the end he was not able to ever go, he was struggling to pay for college by himself. The fact that some anonymous donor would sometimes donate to a first in family college student was what really helped and he always was careful to save it. How it suddenly stopped with no questions confused him and for a moment or two he thought that it might have been Dean but he knew how Dean felt about him being a 'college boy'.
“I'm not repeating myself.” He said and Sam closed his book.
“Dean has a talent for naming.” Castiel explained and Sam shook his head, moving the conversation back to where it needed to be.
“No things moving when you felt something? Toys or cookie jars moving to you even if put too high on a shelf? No windows or doors slamming shut when you were throwing a tantrum? Nothing like that?” He asked frowning as the tall man continued to shake his head in denial. “This is strange.”
“Yeah well...you'd never get rid of me regardless, I'd have still kept an eye on you. So let's stop with this chick flick crap before we turn into chicks.” He said and Sam gave a grin knowing how Dean felt about getting emotional so held back on teasing him walking back over to where their angels were. Seeing the obvious relief in the set of Sam's shoulders and the slightly more relaxed facial muscles of Dean both angels relaxed knowing their mates were feeling better.
“Shut up! You don’t know what you’re talking about!” He yelled suddenly in front of the angel, he did not fly as a angel would. No, he was a god, and transported, the fabric of space, time and reality all bending to his will. He grabbed him with one of his hands and the other punched him square in the face. He didn’t stop there, he kept punching him, he wouldn’t stop. He couldn’t stop.
“It’s just blueberry man,” Dean snarked but that just seemed to confuse the king of hell.
It looked the same from what he had remembered from the last time but still there was something that was off. Something that didn’t feel right. The temperature was…perfect. Not too warm and not too cold, like the weather decided that he would be doing enough work to get away from the scarred version of Castiel so why make it any harder for him by having the weather be hot or have a chill? His luck was never that good.
“I like it.” Castiel hummed and Dean shrugged.
Ever since losing his hunter, seeing anyone else being happy felt wrong, how dare they be happy when his hunter was not there, that they could smile and laugh without him being here; even seeing a different version of Dean with a different version of himself wasn’t. But this was different, he could feel happy hearing this woman.
“Do you have the pie?” He asked and Dean couldn't help but think how Castiel was not just serious about trying different ones but actively looking for them.
“See, not so bad Cas.” Sam wondered if Dean had nicknamed the angel again or if he just remembered the name.
“Dude that’s my brother,” Dean grossed, and the demon laughed a deep belly laugh.
Castiel still did a quick diagnostic to make sure that he was okay and finally seeing that he was okay Castiel remained quiet not sure what he should do. Instead before he could do anything there was a yawn as Dean woke up, blinking up at Castiel and smile a bit.
Gabriel groaned crying silently, he couldn’t do anything and couldn’t move. He would be awake fully in a few moments and then the Empty would be on him again, making him sleep once again. All he could think about this time was where his lover was? Did he even believe he was really dead, or as close as an angel could ever get as they actually knew they were dead and were just sleeping. They weren’t continuing as they were tortured in hell, running forever being stripped down to their base level in purgatory, or forever repeating their favorite parts of their lives. Instead they just slept. Most angels, after a near eternity of service, were happy to finally rest and just dream in either good dreams where they get everything they want or slept a dreamless sleep and just relaxing.
Dean couldn’t believe it. The things that Scar Cas said, they were things that even he refused to allow himself to think about. He never allowed himself to take the easy way out. He always would take the hard truth instead of a sweet lie. The only thing he could hope was not to think about something and drink to drown it out. Now though he had no choice but to accept it, things he pretended for so long.
“Ah Cas, there is a million things that if I could choose, I’d want.” Dean rolled his eyes at himself like he was stupid and naïve that he would want that. But at least Dean continued talking and that was enough for Castiel. “I’d want these monsters and demons not to exist, for Sammy and me to grow up normal: learning to play baseball, going camping over the weekend, hanging with Bobby, learn to drive the Impala, chase tail.” He chuckled and kissed Castiel before he could feel any jealousy, “I could become a mechanic and work with Bobby or open a bakery-I kind of like baking, or even…maybe…become a teacher.” Castiel did not like the way that Dean looked, like he expected Castiel to start laughing at him.
Castiel smirked tugging Dean's sleep pants off, leaving his precious hunter completely bare, he took the chance to pull his tie off and shrug off his shirt. He got back on top of Dean who had whimpered at the loss of him, but knew better then to mention it especially since he knew his precious mate would never admit to it and would outright fight against it.
“Cassie gets the pet he always wanted so much, you can to.” He grinned leaning up, tugging Sam down to his height so that he could press his lips against the side of his mouth. It relaxed Dean still, knowing that he could give the pet that had always wanted and relaxed pushing his finger into the 'not-wire-bottomed' cage as apparently a wire floor could cause Bumble Foot. Whatever that was.
Dean was breathing fast as the angel leaned down and began crawling up Dean’s body, so very close but Castiel made sure to not actually touch his freckled hunter. “Cas?” Dean’s voice had taken an airy quality and Castiel smiled yet again and chuckled.
- - - - -
I swear while writing this I just want to bake a pie.
Castiel smiled as his mate slipped further off into dreamland. For some reason his mate would roll around in a barely-asleep state until Castiel had started to speak. It wasn't anything much, just calming words of love and acceptance hoping that some part of Dean's brain would hear and accept those words as the truth that they were.
It was then that Dean and Sam walked down the aisle, they did not hold each others arms or anything like that but instead walked side by side in perfect step. They didn't wonder at how they looked, it was only just how they were parts of each other since seeing the men-angels-waiting for them at the end of the aisle and could consciously think of nothing else.
“I was catholic before I became a demon.” Crowley hummed, “but anyway I will be sweet little Violet and Jacob's godfather. And they will have a squirrel, giraffe, moose and bird for fathers.
This somehow was more shocking than when he kissed Dean’s lips, because it was so fast, but this was slow, this wasn’t an afterthought. And the face of his best friend was staring him down, with a look in his eyes that was at once so familiar but so different than any he had ever seen. He had seen it, once or twice, where it had Dean thinking just maybe he felt more than just friendship for Dean, to some point that despite he was looking at the hunter like he was the only thing that mattered to him, it was only the scars decorating his lip and his eye that had him knowing that this wasn’t his Castiel. Still the feel of grace is oh so familiar, healing and soothing every hurt. He can’t help but sag slightly and the angel turned god smiles.
Dean slept deeper and longer then he ever had since Castiel had seen him. Six hours. His face scrunched up and in a lot of ways it made Castiel think of a kitten which just made him grin more. Though guinea pigs were the most perfect of all of gods creations followed closely by bees every angel was made to create their own animal as well. His had been cats, it was actually Anna's idea to add the claws having said 'they are so cute! You should make sure that there is a way they can protect themselves.' she had said and so he had added the razors at their feet. He could still remember Gabriel watching over him scared that Castiel would hurt himself. Gabriel had made a dog, which did have claws to but not like cats did.
It worried him at first, was he doing this just because he wanted to? Just because he found hunting fun? But no, hunting was the only thing he could do, hunting was part of who he was. For the first time he was able to hunt with absolutely no fear though. It was liberating.
“Yes and no. No two bonds are exactly the same, just like no two relationships are the same.” Gabriel explained and smirked at him, “of course there are certain perimeters. Like any relationship there are things that show it to be healthy; but there are a million different ways in there.”
Castiel was ready, immediately-he was not going to wait; not now when he can finally find his Dean. He had been searching for years, so very many years. He breathed deeply and got ready to make the jump. Finally. Finally, after nearly three decades, he’d be able to look into his Dean’s eyes again, hold the warm body pressed against his chest.
Normally the Winchester Brothers were never on a hunt without Castiel and Gabriel. They knew that hunting was dangerous-it was the most dangerous when you were new and when you were old. When you're new you don't know anything and make potentially fatal mistakes, if a hunter survives and is older they might know what they are doing but they are slower. Unless you were raised throughout your childhood, like Sam and Dean were, you were only in your prime for a few years.
Castiel smirked slightly, the evil smile, “Don't let my form fool you, I am ancient.”
Castiel followed him silently, he allowed Dean to fight as he wished but anything that would really hurt him, he would fly off with, killing. Dean was an amazing hunter though, it was only one who he had to, he would not allow anyone to hurt his precious Dean.
“I like pie.”
“You eat a lot of pie.” Castiel stated. Or questioned. It was hard for Sam to tell. Dean however always did know, it must be that whole profound bond thing. Dean and Castiel had some kind of weird tension always brewing and simmering under the surface. It was at first strange as he had seen his brother flirt before but it was never like that; it was almost like they were fitting together like puzzle pieces. At first it was new, then it was kind of...adorable and he got to see a side of his brother he thought was gone forever but now, now it was just annoying. He couldn't tell if the love they shared would ever be a physical love but good god-just give it a label already stop dancing around it!
Sam and Gabriel were communed as well, almost constantly, magenta more than red or lilac. Every once in a while their nest would be approached by an angel, asking them to look over a ward for a while. Still most of the time they spent in the shared nest.
“Exactly.” He grinned, “now if I'm not mistaken, dad might have some treats for you.” Jacob grinned turning and running to find Castiel and Dean called out, “don't do too much Jake, you have soccer practice in two hours.”
“Okay.” Sam shrugged and turned to Gabriel and kissed him, “I love you,” he almost cooed and Dean groaned as the three looked at him.
“Cas, we talked about this.” Dean pointed out and Castiel didn't apologize like he normally would. Even when he apologized Dean knew that he did mean it but would do it again. His angel had long ago made it clear that he'd do whatever was needed to keep himself and his brother safe, especially himself since for some reason through it all Castiel seemed to care so much for Dean. Almost more then anything else. Of course Dean could not see that, he felt too poorly about himself, that everyone would eventually leave him to think that he could be so important to anyone.
Sam hadn't thought about it in years but suddenly he saw it and wished they had a different life. He wished that Dean could have dreamed, He sighed and his thoughts didn't change anything.
- - - - -
“So we have at least one person who can bake?”
He truly didn't believe he deserved to be saved, even when he was the most deserving being Castiel had ever seen. He was glad to see Dean slowly get more and more used to accepting he deserved love and acceptance and happiness. Still he knew that Dean was slow to come out of his shell, a hard life forcing him to grow and be a parent from the time he was still a toddler seeing to that.
Dean baked up a storm; pies, muffins, cupcakes, just a small batch of each so that there wouldn't be a lot left over at the end of the day when they closed down. Hopefully.
“I was in the Empty, I’ve been in there ever since Lucifer.” Gabriel reached out and hesitated before putting his hand on Sam’s cheek, cupping his face. Despite how much of a trickster Gabriel was a sensitive man under it. He had fallen for and mated with the younger Winchester and had joined the fight against his brothers despite running for millennia. That alone showed his dedication to Sam.
Castiel hurried to heaven, slipping into the library, he would go there many times when he was a fledging and barely glanced at the angel Raziel. She gasped and ducked slightly as if afraid he would turn her to a pool of blood and some fine mist, but she had nothing to worry about: she did not deserve death and he would not do that to her.
When the wedding day came neither Sam nor Dean wore a dress. Castiel and Gabriel didn't either. Their wedding day ended up on June 21st, the heat of a Kansas summer was no joke so they all dressed in white. White tuxedos and color coded with each of them taking a different color to be their handkerchief and ties. Dean and Sam wore the color of their angels' grace and for Castiel and Gabriel they wore the color of their humans' soul.
No, it was that Gabriel had called him Sam. Not Samsquatch, Samshine, Sugar, Sweet Cheeks or even Sammy, just Sam.
“You’re not my moose!” Sam didn’t fight back as the angel got ready to fight and he gave a slight chuckle instead, the most human thing he had done since he lost his brother.
“Yes. We are kept invisible until we hear what whoever it was that cast the curse wanted us to hear. I call it the Eavesdroppers Curse.” Gabriel answered humming and nuzzling into Sam's chest.
“Well considering we’re marrying our mates; it is a special occasion.” Gabriel smirked at Dean, who he was always close to and now the man would be his brother, not just his brother but his brother twice over on top of their friendship that was close to brotherly already not taking into account Sam or Castiel.
Castiel allowed himself to luxuriate in Dean’s arms before he forced himself to speak, “Dean…it was you.”
“How are you feeling, Dean?” Castiel asked, the last week Dean and he had gotten a lot closer, Dean had only tried to run once in the middle of the week, considering that before he tried to run twice in as many days this was a vast improvement.
“Dean? Darling?” Castiel was starting to get worried but Dean was still transfixed.
“Oh, you want some speed, huh? You look like a motorcycle man, I’ve got a few beauties, what do you think?” He offered leading Castiel past the cars towards the motorcycles. There were many shiny chrome and colored motorcycles. Some were big and bulky, others were slim and aerodynamic, all in a myriad of different colors: green, blue, yellow, black, red, even pink and purple. None caught his eye though, it was a very damaged badly rusted black bike, of course it was only Castiel’s supernatural eyes that could see that it was.
He wondered if Dean would like them to hang a notepad on the refrigerator door to keep an ongoing grocery list. Castiel made a burger the way Dean had taught him to; a road burger he called it, recipes he learned over a lifetime on the road from lonely old women happy to talk to a young man who looked so much like their grandson or waitresses who took pity on a boy who loved the food so much or asked to know how it was done for his little brother. A mixture of parsley, sage, rosemary, thyme, finely chopped onions, pepper, salt and just a bit of brown sugar. Potatoes that are peeled and chopped into steak fries to be fried, flour, sugar, butter, salt and ice water for the crust of the pie.
“No. I can't.”
When Dean and Castiel got home moving carefully so that Bella and Amara weren't jostled, Gabriel and Sam were getting Buddy used to his new surroundings. “Found a dog?” Dean asked offering his hand so that the dog could sniff his hand.
“Do we even know who...” Castiel paused beginning to think back to when this all happened. “It started after Rosalie and Kristabella.”
Looking around he smiled seeing Dean before realizing he was nude while frowning thinking where he could get some clothing when Dean's form started to shake and a humming sound before Castiel could really worry too much, his hands reaching out already to heal Dean the sound of ripping cloth and Dean was full grown again.
“Seriously? Bi-weekly?” It hadn't been the first time that Sam heard it but he always was shocked to hear it. Sure, cars need to be tuned up, but only about once a year, not even monthly, especially not twice a month.
He wouldn’t think of his own brother dead in his own dimension, probably nothing but a skeleton now, his soul gone and not existing.
“Just how...self-righteous and stupid I was.” He sighed and gave Dean a significant look, “I was sure that you wanted the same thing I did, I didn't think you wanted this life. And I thought I didn't either. I might not care for hunting but I like helping people.” He added and smiled, “and I will one day stop hunting, but no matter when that comes, I still want you in my life.” He assured and Dean relaxed slightly knowing that he wouldn't lose his baby brother no matter what.
But when she realized that underneath it all John was a good man, and so she stopped listening to her instincts that he wasn't that good of a man. But she was good enough at it that she knew that her son had such a strong sense. So much that she knew that her powers seemed like a parlor trick in comparison. They did say it would always skip a generation.
Gabriel took a step in front of Sam, as if to protect him and Castiel growled. It was him all over again. When he had saved Dean from perdition Dean had acted...strangely. Not a way that he would think a soul of any kind would take to it.
“Heh no gigantor, it wasn't Cassie touching his soul without a vessel, if it was anyone else no bond would form. It was Cassie touching Deano that did it.” He explained and winked at Sam, “just like how when I touched you our bond was made.” He chuckled and Dean looked at him shocked but Sam started to laugh. Hard.
Castiel frowned looking around at the black nothingness all around him and frowned. After a few moments it started to lighten and shift slowly taking shape. It turned into a lovely little living space, a comfortable lovely worn couch-the blue soft looking sofa was worn in enough to look comfortable and homey but not so much that it looked run down-a floor lamp on one side and a end table on the other with a lava lamp with green and blue goo leisurely moving up and down and beneath it a coaster, waiting for a drink to rest upon it. There was a coffee table with nothing much to look at-a book with a bookmark hanging out of about two thirds of it, a candle, and two controllers. There was a rug under the coffee table, a fireplace with a screen protecting the room from any popping embers and a set of fireplace tools, to one side was a simple TV and a VHS and DVD as well as a Blu-Ray player under the TV with a slim case that was obviously meant for DVDs, Blue-Rays, and VHS's. There were several pictures on the wall; a underwater scene, a picture of a field with flowers showing a lot of bees buzzing merrily and a little picture of a guinea pig running through a flock of butterflies. All three made him smile, there was a collage of more pictures on the opposite wall but his attention was taken elsewhere. There was a door with a little rack for shoes and a coat rack right above it.
His eyes widened and flashed white, for the first time in a long time because of shock instead of a negative emotion, as Sam leaned down to plant a kiss on Gabriel’s lips. How? When? He had never thought that, and sure the possibility that this was something that only happened in this universe, or it could have happened several different universes just not his home universe. But that didn’t ring true.
“It's okay, it's not taking, it will be like sharing. It will not hurt.” He smiled and looked over to Dean and Castiel who were doing their 'stare deep into each others' souls' thing. “And Cassie can do that for Deano, their bond will make it easier.” He winked at Castiel and chuckled, “plus I would not want Cassie to try to kill me for coming near his human.” He teased and Dean glared at the 'his human' thing.
- - - - -
Dean grinned as he entered the bunker with his best friend Castiel, who was now newly promoted from best friend to lover. He was still kind of shock to see Gabriel, he was for the longest time to only be an alley but to be considered someone who would be a friend, part of their family, and his brother’s lover was shocking. But it wasn’t like the bunker was tight on space, as long as he kept from pranking Dean, he was good. He was not going to prank him for a while at least, he knew how much Sam adored Dean and after finding out about what happened being Castiel killing Dean it didn’t take Gabriel a lot to figure out that was what took the alternate version of Sam to be such a being of hatred and revenge.
“No.” Castiel stated it easily, “I can protect you now, I’ve got enough powers now I could be a god, I can keep you safe.” Castiel smiled, “you can continue to hunt, we can do each hunt and you don’t have to worry. Think of all the people you can save with my powers to help,” Castiel knew that Dean would be weak to that, he knew Dean and knew how guilty he felt for not being able to save everyone.
“Do you regret it?” Gabriel asked shocked, having his moose now he couldn't ever not be happy with that.
“You know Cas, not for nothing, but I like you to.” He looked away and Castiel, who normally was never on top of what people meant if they did not say it bluntly like he did, could understand exactly what was going on.
“You'd kill me?” Sam asked glaring, how could Dean do that? After everything they had been through! But then again it didn't surprise him, with how Dean had always been a puppet for John, doing whatever their father wanted.
“So what happened?” Dean asked again moving to set the coffee maker on.
Sam Winchester and Castiel were reading through entire libraries. Sam had to take breaks because he was human; food, water, sleep and relieve himself. It was unavoidable. But Castiel didn’t need any of that: he didn’t need to eat, and he couldn’t sleep, he didn’t leave the books he was researching except to hunt down new leads.
“Utterly adorable.” Sam grunted, before he could be asked he continued on, “you haven't had to see them constantly staring at each other-obviously wanting each other. I'm just glad they finally got on with it.”
It took a while to get back to the bunker, Castiel wanted to take Sam and Dean back to the bunker but he needed to save his grace in case the other version of himself or Dean came. “What do you think Sam is?”
“You know the Impala has been my home growing up? Dean and I grew up in that thing, in that car and hotel rooms. It wasn't home to me. I wanted a home, a place to put down roots.” Sam chuckled and shook his head, “as stupid as it was when I was learning about plants for biology I thought of myself as a tree that needs plenty of roots while Dean is lucky bamboo, both of us are strong but he doesn't need roots like I do.” He sighed and looked at Gabriel worriedly, “but now I wonder if maybe he does? Just won't go after it.”
“From another universe? Why are you here then? Why don’t you fuck off back over there?” Castiel smiled, never dreaming just how much he would miss the profanity laced language.
“It's alright, I like it better now.” Castiel hummed pulling Dean closer to his body allowing his husband to settle against his chest.
“There is nothing to be ashamed of, Dean.” Castiel promised before turning to glare at Sam and Sam sighed holding up his hands.
Despite what Dean had said it was still almost an hour later before he began the story. They were all sitting around the coffee table in what served as their living room. Dean was holding a mug of tea, which he wasn’t happy about considering how much he hated the flower water. Still Castiel and Sam were acting like they thought he was seconds from having a mental breakdown.
“Dean was going to die, no one could stop it. You would break down, I was trying to get you to get used to it.” Gabriel explained and Sam sighed knowing how he had reacted that Gabriel's reservations weren't unfounded even if his plan seemed to have done more harm then good. “Normally I would not target you for pranks and tricks. I try to teach people lessons but you didn't deserve it. But I had to try to stop you from what could have happened, not that it worked.” He then chuckled and shook his head, “as much as I care for my family, even when I skipped out on work and disappeared when Lucifer fell and the first war happened I still put a lot of stock in family.” Gabriel whispered and Sam was shocked at the naked emotion in the arch angel's voice. “Watching you fall apart like that...”
“Guardian angels.” Dean snorts shaking his head, “honestly I don't know why you two bother with us.” Dean added, “insistence on a pure soul and heart of gold aside I'm pretty sure that there are others you'd like more.”
“Anything about this land to-wait, where's Castiel?” He questioned looking around and gasped as he saw Castiel still sitting in the passenger door looking foreword out the windshield, “what is he doing?” Dean asked out loud heading to the Impala and opening the door, “hey Cas, you want to join us?”
“Dean?”
I didn't think this chapter would go so far but I enjoyed showing more of brotherly love, with some hints of destiel and sabriel.
He handed the paper to Castiel who instantly looked worried and turned ready to find them, with the runes he had carved into the hunters ribs meant that only he and thanks to his own bond to Sam Gabriel could as well.
“There's a monster in my closet.” Dean froze, taking a few deep breaths. He knew he wasn't out of the woods yet, but if it was in her closet then it hadn't attacked. He gently placed her down and kissed her forehead.
Hello,
“I'm married to you.” Dean pointed out and Castiel nodded.
“A...guinea pig?” He asked and she smiled up at him.
“Cas, I got something for you.” Sam's ears perked up as he heard Dean's voice. It had been four days and Sam found himself much better at taking care of the two then he thought he would be.
“Don’t li-“
“Good, I don’t ever want to be away from you.” Gabriel gave a hum from the kisses that Sam was trailing down his neck, “especially after seeing what you could be.”
“When can I leave here?”
Castiel smiled a bit, he knew that family meant the world to Dean and his little brother the most. Considering that he was kind of surprised how rare affection was between them, they had their banter but not hugging or anything other than a slap at the back. He and Dean hugged more than he had seen Sam and Dean hug.
He never wanted to think of what those two would do. Much less get a play by play as it seems his little brother loves to hear his hunter beg for him. Which is something that Gabriel could have gone an eternity without ever knowing and be perfectly happy.
Dean smiled as he watched his little brother showing Violet how to wield a knife. Soon Gabriel would be driving the little girl to gymnastics practice, he is lucky that they remembered to throw her favorite indigo leotard into the wash so she had it on hand.
“Yes.” Castiel finally answered after not speaking for a while, looking between that symbol that called out to him and back up at Sam's hazel eyes.
For so long he had seen Dean as the older brother, the one who is always with a plan, is a bit of a dick, is so much. But never Dean who was not that much older then him, who had his own dreams that he had to give up, who never had a chance to even pursue them, who never had a chance to make a friend or have real love. The only person who he could think of as a friend for his older brother who wasn't himself-his brother-or Bobby-his surrogate father-was Castiel.
How ironic, now that Dean was dead, he made the world something that Dean would want. He set hell right, demons now did the work of hunters, heaven’s angels watched over the humans, the same thing that their father had told them to do. The only difference between the two was that Castiel would make sure they did as he said.
For most Sam and Dean were a package deal, but it was obvious almost from the word go that Castiel preferred Dean to Sam. He cared about Sam of course, but never like Dean. The whole fact that Castiel had a profound bond with Dean, and Dean didn't know what that meant but sometimes he thoguth about it. But it was so confusing he usually didn't.
“Woah wait, is that what this is about? I have a better idea!” He grinned with a wink, “I'll take Sammy~ Cassie you follow us with Dean.” He added wrapping one arm around Sam his other grabbing his duffle bag and he was off.
It didn’t take long Castiel, the one who actually belonged near Dean, to find his counterpart, once he knew what he should be looking for. It was shocking to see him, he looked like him, to a certain extent. He had the face of James Novak and had probably died leaving his body behind for him to use, the same messy black hair, the same pale skin, the same color of blue eyes. But not quiet.
“You want chocolate?” Dean looked at him confused, he knew the angel didn't need to eat and had not seemed to ever really care about tasting something unless it was at Dean's own insistence.
“My name is Deandre Winchester and…my name is…” Castiel frowned as it sounded worrying. “I don’t remember.” Castiel wet his lips, he had never once interfered with any universe, he let them be just watching over them before slipping out of the universe. Not one had known he was even there. But now…he pushed his grace over to her, wrapping around her form as she looked into the camera not understanding before gasping as the spell was removed from her.
“I need to go talk with Dean,” and with that Castiel and Dean were gone.
Gabriel did pull away after a few moments and let out a hum as Sam opened his own deep chocolate brown eyes looking into Gabriel's own chestnut colored-almost golden-eyes. “Well?” Sam asked after a bit and Gabriel answered letting out a whistle. “Th...that doesn't answer my question.”
“But why were you out here anyway?” The police officer asked looking around, “long way from Maryland, aren't ya?”
There was a sound of flapping wings and suddenly both Castiel and Gabriel were standing there. When Sam looked up from his book hearing a footstep jumped a bit seeing the two angels. “I'll never get used to that.” He complained to himself before sighing, “find anything?”
“And?” Dean asked when Castiel didn't continue on. For him it probably was a simple answer and he saw no reason to continue.
“I am me Dean, you know you can trust me.” Castiel said with those soft gentle eyes but Dean shook his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your actions, now I'm so used to it, it'd scare me if you acted different.” He only half teased and smirked taking another bite.
“I doubt that. Did that fucker bind his powers?!” Gabriel growled out his fist being held so hard that on each palm he ended up with four half moon cuts from his fingernails.
“Hey bro, ready?” Gabriel asked as Castiel nodded slipping away from Dean's sleeping arms. He leaned down and ran his lips over Dean's forehead. Then in a flash and some beating wings both angels were gone, leaving Sam and Dean asleep in Gabriel's house in Washington right outside of Seattle. In the kitchen there was a note assuring him that they were fine and that they'd be back in time for dinner. There was also a handful of papers for them from different parts of the country. Of course they were reasonably sure that the brothers would at least tell them before checking out a gig.
“Sammy, lollipop,” Gabriel opened his arms, walking towards him and Castiel opened his mouth to warn his older brother but before he could that Sam was now more like a cornered hurt animal than a person but Sam instead pulled Gabriel into his arms shaking and allowing himself for the first time to actually let his emotions out, it was funny that when his older brother died he had begun pushing down his own emotions, it was as if the natural order of things was that at least one Winchester had to be an emotionally constipated ball of pain and with Dean gone Sam had taken it on.
“In heaven, we are able to be in the animal heaven, where they are held and cared for we can visit. We don't own an animal.” Castiel said and Dean rolled his eyes but did stroke the guinea pig's head all the way down its back.
“He called it hide and seek, I can't find him.” Sam immediately relaxed and chuckled holding up one hand as Castiel glared at him.
“Prussia?”
“So Dean never got to see that?” Gabriel asked having come in and seen the tail end of Sam leaving John and Dean and then time with making friends at Stanford and being with Jessica. That had hurt him too much to watch the full reel.
“That’s the spirit.”
Gabriel starts humming to him and whispering Enochian to him. Since Castiel was relaxed he didn't think it was anything to worry about. It was still so...intimate that Dean looked away without even thinking what he was doing.
He had an angel to kill. Once he killed the one that took his brother away from him he would take the others as well. If his best friend, who loved Dean so well, could do this than any of them could do it. Not even the ones who were not an angel would be spared.
“How about I make you some pancakes?” It was a bit of a selfish offer, he needed something to take his mind off it.
“Yeah I got that,” Dean would roll his eyes if he still had eyes. “What I should ask is what is it for? You want to adopt a puppy?”
“Wait, that thing Sammy said I wasn’t gay? You bought that?!” Dean froze looking at Castiel whose eyes were back to normal, confused. “Well I’m not just into dudes, I’m pretty damn picky when it comes to guys to be fair, but I am an equal opportunity lover.”
This was betrayal, from Dean’s point of view, and though Castiel never meant to do that, it seemed to him that was how Dean viewed it. And he could understand, even if it were from love that pushed him to do it.
“Self-care?” Dean repeated frowning at Castiel who nodded, “David Cooper, Miranda Mosley, Chelsa Blinken, Jacob Walden, and Chris Jumpman. They've all died. How could I bother painting my nails and taking a bubble bath when more can add to that number.” Castiel just frowned and reached out his hand to cup Dean's face.
“Blood bag?” The vampire smirked thinking that Dean didn’t know what he was, but Dean just smirked, “sorry fucker, my blood is a bit…arsenic.” He took off his sunglasses showing his burnt-out eyes. The vampire gasped; he might not have known who Dean was but had to now know that Dean wasn’t human.
“Yeah, sometimes.” Dean shook his head dismissing the idea and Castiel frowned seeing that.
“Tim. Tim Roberts.” Sam relaxed hearing the name, he knew who Tim was, he was one of Charlie's favorite “students”.
“Give him a moment. Sam doesn't have the mark you do so it will be a stronger thing to him. To us it feels natural.” Castiel promised him and moved him to sit down, for Gabriel he moved Sam to sit down and kept his wings around him as Sam reacted when he tried to pull it away. Castiel was stroking Dean's head with his wings, something that he did a lot but now Dean would know he was doing it.
He shook his head, refusing to go down that memory, not right now. His older brother was missing, now was not the time to think about his lost love. Instead Sam needed to be focusing on the clues, as few as there are; Castiel had come once he felt the panic in Sam’s voice and had shook his eyes flashing blue from the emotions.
“I'll be back soon,” Castiel promised his husband, looking into the green eyes of his mate. Dean grinned at his angel and leaned over to press his lips to him.
“What do you mean?”
“Are demons or are not demons?”
- - - - -
Dean for his part was shocked, why would Castiel name a guinea pig, the one thing he knew that he always wanted, after him? He knew Castiel wanted one so badly, but just like Sam had wanted a dog, and before him Dean himself had wanted a bunny rabbit, he couldn't. They couldn't take care of an animal with them hunting, especially one that needed as much attention as a guinea pig.
“Oh, you thought I was talking about your version of Castiel, I have nothing against him.” He then made a snapping sound, but Dean didn’t know what it was. “Word to the wise, don’t bother with that bastard angel, once he has you, he’ll go off for the next. Or do.” Dean couldn’t see but could hear the shrug his captor had done.
On the side of the nest that was meant for the cyan energy being was engine parts and metal to work with as well as some wood, a handful of simple books that were for all purposes meant only for pleasure readings, the kinds that someone would read for a nice day sitting outside with a glass of cool lemonade, or hot tea, sitting beside the person waiting to be enjoyed.
“You want to know the worst part?” That wasn’t the worst part?! What part could be worst? Dean wasn’t one to love easy, Castiel had always known that, even before they had made it out of hell, there were no secrets on either of their parts when a soul was cradled in an angel’s grace. But once you had his love, and once he gave in and said the words… “The worst part was how I knew, I just knew that in a little bit more you would come here,” he laughed, this time he heard the bitter laugh for what it was. Hurt. “Just a little bit more you’d come bursting through the door,” he shook his head as if disappointed in his past self for being so naïve.
“You’re so good, Cas,” Dean smirked, “you’re so good, even though I know that you’re lying, I could almost believe you.” Dean had looked almost pained before the demon king took over again and he glared at him.
“Well we never talked about it but her mate rejected her,” Castiel froze at that, a mate rejection was not something that was talked of lightly, the only thing that could be more was death-eternal sleep in the Empty-and it was debated which was worse. Was Mael not with Jahzara, he had never really gotten to know her but could not imagine not seeing the princess draped along her shoulder or around her neck, and he would have lost a potential alley, when he had to go against Raphael he needed everyone he could get.
“I don't know, if there is no way to know when the place would be open it won't last.” Dean pointed out and Castiel smiled and reaching foreword gripped Dean's hand. “Cas,” he whispered looking right into the familiar blue eyes he loved so much. It wasn't even eye sex it was tender eye love making.
“Never,” Castiel promised almost before Dean could stop speaking. He took one of Dean’s hands in his and wrapped his hand around the nape of his neck, stroking his thumb through the honey brown hair of Dean’s short hair.
“I would never do any of this, never force Dean!” Castiel growled out and glared at him.
Especially with how strangely clingy the arch angel was being. However Castiel still stopped him from going foreword and though he was obviously unhappy and the way he looked at Castiel allowing him to see exactly how much he did not like this but remained quiet.
“Dean is not your mate. Go back to your universe, go to heaven and find him.” He tried again to talk sense into this scarred version of himself, hoping that something could get through to him. If Dean was able to break through Naomi’s control of his drugged mind, surely the logic of going to find his own Dean would appeal to him.
“Looks like we found your favorite Cas?” Dean asked with a smirk and Castiel nodded.
-Lots of love and hopes for the future
“Shit,” Dean cursed realizing that he had inadvertently painted himself into a corner. Chick flick moment it seems. “Well...sometimes you act like Sam and I are your best friends; like I'm the most important thing to you. But others you act like you hate me.” He pointed out and Castiel frowned looking back to his own reactions. His 'anger' at Dean was always from his fear for his charge but he knew humans' emotions were hard to understand and maybe Dean would not understand what his actions had been motivated from.
“Dean what the hell?!” Sam jumped out where Dean was pacing and he turned to Sam.
He might have lost his chance with his Dean but maybe he could make sure that others didn’t lose theirs. And his first order of business would be the one person he would consider his best friend other than Dean.
“A demon?” Sam growled out feeling as if somehow, he had lost his brother all over again. Castiel took his brother from him again.
Dean knew that they could speak to animals and he wondered if Castiel was actually talking to them now. Dean was lounging against the wall just watching him and seeing how in his element he was. Castiel kept coming to one of the few very long haired guinea pigs, according to the small card she was female and was all one color of an auburn.
“They never can get on with it, can they?” Gabriel asked as it took Dean and his little brother were still working through it.
“Sam…” Castiel wanted to tell him about what he just discovered but he paused, he hadn’t seen him for all these years and there was something…dangerous about him.
“So Grace and Bella?” He asked and Castiel made a noise of agreement.
“What are you doing De?” Castiel asked as Dean tugged Castiel into his room, the coat folded well and held tightly to the bundled beige to his chest.
I kept going between sweet and heartfelt for this, but I hope I did it justice one way or another. I know that Chuck is revealed to be the main bad for the final season but I had this planned before that, and I don't like what the writers did with him. I liked him as a absentee, but not abusive, father and not evil. Also just a quick note, we officially have a single digit amount of chapters left.
“Are guinea pigs your favorite?” Dean asked and Castiel looked up at him and shook his head.
“I will go get Baby then look.” He said and Dean couldn't help but smile at hearing Castiel call the Impala Baby. He knew that the car was Dean's baby and though he didn't fully understand it he had respect for her.
“Wait, wait, wait, what’s going on? What-what happened to the Winchester brothers?” Castiel couldn’t help but smile, to have his name entwined with the name Winchester was something as good, and Gabriel seemed shocked. Sam was his best friend, his brother, and Dean is his everything, so he was the Winchester’s angel, even if he was not an angel anymore.
“We...”
He never had any of these happen to him, ever.
Castiel looked up shocked and the being in front of him was not him. Not him, him. The being had bright white eyes but Castiel knew his eyes weren’t revealing his powers, he didn’t see the world in those energy waves.
Dean blinked and looked at Castiel before getting a gentle look in his eyes and a soft smile. It took a moment for him to remember what was going on. “Wait, Sam were you just kissing him?!”
“Are you sad I'm not?” Gabriel asked feeling his heart break. He always hated conflict and the last he thought of by Sam of all people would be such so confrontational. He was always pretty mellow, gentle and soft. Like a fluffy warm hug.
“Oh yeah, blueberry.” Dean turned from what he was doing to flash Castiel a grin, “we’ll find your favorite yet.” Dean was adamant that everyone had a favorite pie, but you couldn’t say until you’ve tried them all. Dean’s favorite was apple and cherry as a close second were his favorites, so far Castiel didn’t mind cherry, and he enjoyed the apple that Dean had made, but maybe it was the way Dean kissed the honeyed sticky-sweet filling from his lips. When on its own he liked the mixed berry best so far.
“So you're ready for me?” Sam asked and Gabriel nodded panting in Enochian but Sam went with his nodding his head so fast and slowly pushed his way into him as Gabriel moaned loudly panting holding tightly to his mate.
“You are good with animals. Children to.”
“It doesn’t matter, it doesn’t make me love you any less.” Gabriel promised him, “I have you, my sweet Sammy.” Gabriel whispered and kissed his cheek softly.
“Do you know anyone Gabe?”
“My go to fruit pie crust, a little bit of sugar, cornstarch and almond extract mixed with the cherries-seventy five percent sweet cherries with the twenty five percent a tart cherries so it won't get too sweet-and the dough laid out and brushed with butter before baking till crispy golden crust and tender insides.” Dean shrugged, “not that hard.”
“Come on baby, we’ve got a pie to make.” Dean grinned happily and tugged Castiel by the hand to the kitchen, their free hands are holding the bags. Gabriel chuckled seeing the dopy happy look, as much as he was possible to show, though to Sam he looked just relaxed, calmer than he had ever seen him. Both the younger hunter and archangel knew that Castiel would be willing to do whatever Dean wished. Sam had to laugh, since they became official Dean had given up the pet name of buddy and bud and traded it into baby, babe, and sweetheart.
“Listen man, I…I get that you lost your Dean.” Castiel watched him, he could tell that Dean was trying and far be it for Castiel to make it harder for him. “And maybe I am really similar to your version of Dean but I’m not him.”
I hope you guys liked this and how the angels are reacting.
“We have more important things to worry about. But we do need to help so I can try some other kinds to.” Castiel agreed just as oblivious as always.
(See the end of the chapter for
“A airplane Cas! They are horrible, I'd rather fight a pissed off werewolf with no weapon than go into those fucking things.” Dean shook his head and Castiel couldn't help but smirk, the very common feeling of affection warming his heart.
“Well there is somethings we can do.” Gabriel said helping himself to a cup of coffee pausing as Sam gasped. “What is it?” He asked that Sam watched shocked and managed to gasp out.
“Dean's soul is the most beautiful I have ever seen.” Castiel said it matter of factly and Gabriel remained silent, he knew he and the younger angel would never come to agreement. He knew he was right.
“I want...I want to adopt one that normally wouldn't be adopted. Anyone will adopt a puppy, we should give a home to one who doesn't have much of a chance.” Sam said and Gabriel grinned, of course that wasn't something he could do when he was constantly traveling back before he found Sam, but he always did want to take in the one who would be ignored and forced to make their own way.
Even if he didn't realize the dark blue Grace as being Castiel's he'd know it was his. What other angel would do that? He gasps audibly and they all look at them confused as Gabriel manages to find his voice.
Sam opened his mouth as if to say something but no sound came out. After a moment or two he closed his mouth and shook his head deciding it was better not to ask. Knowing his older brother wouldn't let it go so he quickly spoke up about something else.
“So we are powerless without a psychic? Where the hell are we going to get one?” Dean asked as Castiel sighed and looked at Dean again. Sensing the question the elder Winchester was asking without speaking You have strong mental and psychic powers. And Castiel answered angels are different and not able to fight the being like a human could
“Yes, Gabe?”
“I get it Cas, your disgusted with me, having those kinds of feelings are-what would they call it?-an abomination. Heh, I've probably got myself a one way ticket back to hell.” He tried to step back, wanting to put as much distance between himself and his angel as possible. Though he obviously wasn't his angel.
They hoped.
“What the hell?!” Sam looked around and Gabriel chuckled and sat down.
“I guess I was always curious about Prussia.”
Of course, he wouldn’t hesitate to kill something that was hunting people, that was the most important part of what he defined his life as; saving people. He just saved people by killing things. Still, being in the woods it felt as if he was going into a place, he had no right to be and attacking something.
The air was constantly alight with rock songs of the 1970's America, and carried the constant scent of juicy burgers and buttery crusted pies. Guinea pigs scuttled across the padded floor and bees buzzed happily in the air.
“That is good love, I did to.” She then gave her a quick peck before turning to Castiel, “Castiel if I could introduce you to my sweet love~ this is Kristabella.” She grinned and said Kristabella gave a big smile.
“Great, a psypire.”
“No.” Sam was now again starting to feel worried, why was he so different then?
Well...that was a thing. I hope you guys are enjoying a bit of drama.
Dean groaned stretching before heading upstairs to the small rooftop garden that is on top of the Bunker. ‘Garden’, Dean couldn’t help but snort a bit at that thought, the ‘garden’ part of the rooftop garden was just a few herbs and other plants that they used to do some spells. They weren’t one to do spells but ever since reading more from the library they saw reasons to have charms and spells, Dean wasn’t getting any younger and there was no reason that they shouldn’t take every possible precaution.
Dean really was questioning himself standing here in front of all this cute. He couldn't help but smile, he walked past a young family with the little girl holding a puppy she called Spot, it made him remember how Sam always wanted a puppy. One of the things Dean never could give him...
“What the hell man?” Dean asked as Castiel tugs him into his arms, not only do his arms wrap around his waist but his black wings unfurl to wrap around Dean's body to and he gasps as he feels just how soft and silky the feathers feel. He wrapped his own arms around Castiel, and despite the angel's being wrapped around his waist and wings around his entire body he could easily wrap his own around Castiel's torso slipping under his arms.
The worse thing was the watching him while he slept. What he wasn’t planning on was when he opened his eyes was to find him laying in the bed beside him causing him to yell. Dean was under the sheet and blanket and Castiel was laying on top of the blankets at least. He was resting his head on his hand and the other hand was stroking along Dean’s face.
“Just put her in the cage so she can get used to her new home Cas.” Dean answered and Castiel frowned but nodded doing as Dean told him to.
“Cas! Fuck yes! Please more!” He moaned loudly as Castiel really did, for the first time, move the bed. He didn't think it was possible but he did move the entire bed frame. Either way his precious mate liked it.
Violet takes the first shot, it hits the target but is far from the circle, only hitting the paper. “Daddy,” her little lip is wobbling, having seen her parents shoot the targets perfectly, her dad and father being slightly off while her papa and daddy were perfect at it. But still she was so far off.
I wanted to get a way to get to know these kids but I don't think these snapshots really showed enough but I hope you guys like it and like them. The story isn't complete yet but...well...there are only five more chapters plus the epilogue left. It'll probably be really fast moving after the next chapter or two.
Sam looked around trying to keep his ears out for any stray sound, this had been the longest he had been away from his brother without knowing where his brother was since he left for Stanford. He heard something and snuck forward but as he reached, he heard a scream.
- - -
“You called for Sam.” Castiel pointed out and Dean groaned realizing that when he said for Sam to come on Castiel had taken as it for him to stay.
“Yeah, I know I can’t ever.” Dean sighed and shrugged, “I’m nearly thirty three man, even if we went to adopt a kid right now I’d be like thirty five when it is all over, I’m not too old but still…” Dean tailed off and Castiel frowned before pulling him closer and hummed gently stroking down Dean’s back.
“There's so many,” Sam whispered and Gabriel nodded.
It felt like his entire body was on fire and a live wire being ran along it. In the best way possible. But he could still sense Castiel. He would have pulled his hand away if he wasn't worried about possibly hurting his angel worse.
“You want to, but you don't. Why?” He asked and Dean shook his head, the little kitten, who was barely old enough to be in the cat room instead of where they kept the kittens sequestered from the other cats. It obviously wanted petted and wasn't happy with Dean ignoring its meows for attention when he was talking to his angel so putting its claws in his jeans began climbing up his leg.
Using the rolling pin Gabriel put the dough into the pie pan. He carefully cut out the excess crust and began cutting strips. Dean had leaned down to smell the filling and made a face. “Dude, you put too much lemon juice in here.”
“Not the necklace Dean,” Castiel smiled a bit, feeling sure now. It just took a bit of patience and Dean would be back in his arms, exactly where he belonged, “you still love me, I know you do, you are my love, my husband, my-“ Castiel was cut off by uproars laughter. Dean was laughing. Laughing so hard that he doubled over, laughing so hard that if he wasn’t a demon Castiel would worry about his breathing.
“You fucking touch him, I’ll fucking rip your head off!” He had seen Castiel die too many times, had found his body laying there motionless, had watched him walk into the river, sacrificing himself. Even in purgatory when every part of Dean was peeled away to the very core of himself all he could think was ‘find Cas, save Cas’.
This was really fun to write.
Sam walked to the convenience store, entering and looking around before pinpointing the person, he could hear the breathing and heartbeat, part of it was the fact that he lost his sight, his entire eyes were burned out of his skull, but losing his sight meant his other senses strengthened to pick up the slack which he made even stronger through magic.
The next universe he went to he easily found Dean; she was probably the closest version he had seen so far. But not quiet. She was for some reason sitting in front of a camera. “My name is Deandre Winchester. My brother is Samantha and Marcus Winchester is my dad, and Casti…” she paused before giving the warmest smiles, “she’s the love of my life.” Castiel could not help but smile, even though she was not talking about him, not really, it was for the first time warming him.
This is, for all intents and purposes, the end. There will be an epilogue coming up but you could also take this as being the final chapter. I'm shooting for the epilogue to be done before the new year but who knows. I hope you guys enjoyed this story, I was told it feels like just yesterday I started this story and really sometimes I feel like that to. I really loved this long supernatural story, and I hope you guys enjoyed reading it just as much.
Dean stood up and looked around slowly making his way opening the door and slipping out. It was a long hallway and Dean saw doors, at least five. He slowly made his way down the hallway coming upon a large modern kitchen, like those kinds that would be on the Food Network. Two ovens on top of each other, a large set of six burner stovetop, granite countertops, at least two pantries-who knew how big they were-and an island and there were all kinds of kitchen gadgets decorating the rest of the counter tops. Considering how fancy the kitchen was the dining room was much more intimate and not nearly as showy. It looked like it could hold only four to six people, seven or eight if you really pushed and tried. It was a simple wood table but instead of being a square, rectangle or even a circle it was in the shape of a triangle.
He then seems to snap out of it and smirks at him again, “anyway once we open you up to your full powers it will be fine. You will need to get used to it but it will work.” He then got a thoughtful look and turned to the other human. “Hmm...I wonder...” he started to walk over to Dean but before he could even get a few feet from him before Castiel was in front of him, looking particularly aggressive.
