He smiled.  “Some of the ingredients are several centuries past their use-by dates, so it would be.  Does that enhance your enjoyment of it?”
“Or if you take your shoes off,” he added, prying the map loose from the wallpaper, Blu-Tack point by Blu-Tack point.  “Hand me the scissors.”
But when they arrived, the sun had come out and the sun had changed everything.  Their grandmother had been waiting at the door when the taxi reached the end of the lane.  She had kissed and fussed over him and Harry as their cases were put down and the driver paid, then she had hugged their Mother for a long time.  Grandfather had come round from the garden and spirited them away.  It must have rained at night, because the flowers did not wilt, but the days had been sunnier than any other summer he could remember and there had been clouds of butterflies.  He and Harry had chased them, with their grandfather’s net sometimes, sometimes with their bare hands waving above their heads as though they would take to the air as well.  There had been blue ones and yellow ones, white ones and orange, like flying flowers flitting over the garden, out into the fields and across the stream, always eluding them.  Except for the velvety black one that had seemed to wait for him atop the hedge.
I took the recycling bag back to the bins.  When I returned, Sherlock was in the shower.  I sealed the slides he had used inside two plastic bags.  As I finished, I heard him calling my name over the splashing of the water.  Possibly, he only wanted me to pass him the bottle of shampoo.  Even so, I didn't keep him waiting.
Mrs Hudson appeared beaming, with a young woman in tow.  “Doctor Watson, may I introduce Miss Bridget Turner, Mrs Turner’s little sister, who has graciously shared her golden apple recipe with me.”
Mrs Hudson tapped on the half-closed library door.  “Woo-hoo,” she called as she came in.  “Sherlock, what have you done with your phone?”
“It was all woods once.  You know that.  You saw them with your own eyes.  I really should have realised then,” Sherlock said.
“He was studying the Vikings at the time.  Erik Thorvaldsson, Erik the Red, was Redbeard’s namesake,” Sherlock explained.
He squeezed into the space between her and the arm of the sofa.  “She gave it to you in exchange for an introduction to John.”
I shook my head slowly.  “What flavour is that?” I asked because it did not taste like anything I had ever had before.
“Oh?” John said, realising that the dog was the breed and size of the one in the video clip Ms Swann had shown them.
“There is a leech on you, Sherlock.  Not an ordinary one,” I whispered.  “The skin around it is already dying, so I’m going to cut it away.”  The only reply I heard was a slightly louder exhalation of breath.
The curtains were drawn, the logs in the fire burning steadily atop a mound of hot ash, and I was plucking with pleasingly increased fluidity, the music for the mending of injured bones, when Mrs Hudson breezed into the library with a tea tray.
Sherlock was wide awake, eyes bright and hair wild.  “Everywhere?” he breathed and John nodded.  “Let me see.”  John lifted his chin and Sherlock kissed beneath the exposed jaw and throat, and on down across his chest.
Truth be told, I was drinking more than eating, but most of all, I was staring into the fire.  I was sitting between it and Sherlock, who was seated behind me on a tree stump, his knees either side of my shoulders.  Every few minutes, I'd hold my hands out to the flames, take them away when the leather of my gloves grew too hot, but I hadn't been able to shake the chill that seemed to have taken up residence in my bones.
“Dean Bradley,” Sherlock called, his voice pitched very low, but still carrying in the hushed space.
I glanced up at him.  “They were among the ingredients in a couple of the preparations in the book I’ve been reading.”
I threw the covers back and went to the window.  From the leaden London sky, I could not tell what time it was, but my watch declared it to be nearly mid-day.  I pushed my arms through the sleeves of my dressing gown as I descended the stairs.  The sitting room door was ajar.
“Was she blighted?” I whispered.  “Is that why?”  It was hard to tell at this season, at this distance, but I didn’t feel it.
“Yes,” Mycroft replied, rolling the blackened film tight and slipping it into the glass tube.  “Hopefully, he won't realise that."  Mycroft snapped the cap into place and nestled the vial amidst the webbing inside the box.  "I shall have to keep an even closer eye on him than I have been and to inform Mummy that she has nothing to worry about at the moment.”  Mycroft picked up a long, thin implement.
I opened my eyes and saw his lips, plump and red.  He glanced at me from half opened eyes and bent down…
He flitted across the moonbeams streaming through the windows.  When I finally set myself in motion, he had stopped in the last pool of silvery light and was regarding me.  There were no flames to colour him there; he was all pallor and darkness.
“That was marvellous," I said, patting my stomach and smiling.  I considered the name Turner.  It was familiar, but I could not recall why.  "Who is Mrs Turner?”
Dear Patient Readers,  I have no idea how I thought I was going to fit all of this into one chapter, as it has now, as you can see, grown into three!
Maybe he was testing the strength of my decision or aiming for a spot of humour.  I could only focus on how little space there was for the two of us to stand between the armchairs, his height all the more pronounced because of how near we were to one another.  My eyes fixed on the fair skin visible at his throat where his collar was undone.  I could see the pulse at his throat and repressed a smile.  My proximity was perhaps having some effect on him.  I wanted to count the beats with my fingertips; see if I could make them speed up more.
“Literature, yes.  Of the fanciful sort.  The occasional wild claim in the tabloid press.  If there’s ever been any secret research, I suppose Mycroft would know, but I wasn’t able to find any and I’m not going to ask him.”
Kit lifted his plate again and I took another.  “I helped pick those yesterday before we went up to Llandon.”
His expression was blank for a moment, then one corner of his mouth turned up.  “Find any instructions?”
In our meanderings, we passed several stairways leading down from the roof, but I would not venture to use any but the one we had employed to ascend or the other we had taken down when the time to return to the library had approached.  I had been thinking to go up again before bed, but I persisted with the research too long and the likelihood of getting lost would have been rather high.  I had a desire to see the moon from up there, but resigned myself to leaving it for another night.
“I observed.  While we spoke and toured, you forgot about your leg injury, despite the walking and stair climbing we have been doing.  If you can forget it when your attention is elsewhere, it’s not a physical injury.”
"Sherlock," John called as he came down the stairs, "did you want anything to eat, I was thinking to order some Chinese."  John poked his head around the door.  "Sherlock?"
“Maybe I shouldn’t have allowed her this much time,” Sherlock muttered and hopped over the fence, which was supposed to keep people off the narrow patio that ran along the side of the neighbouring building.
“I’ll be lucky if I can coax a note out of you,” he said and found the can of gun oil for the rusty latch.
He huffed a little laugh.  “No.  There are a lot of things you’ll be able to do after tonight.  Pledging - betrothal, changes people…or so the songs say.”
“Gypsum, selenite…it has different names.  Waterstone might be the one that appeals to the poet in you,” he said.
Sherlock nestled the instrument back in its case.  “But lacking the sound of rippling water in the bass clef.  I’d enjoy hearing you play it on the piano.”
“We do.  It’s the second paper I gave you.  He had been seriously injured in an accident aboard ship and sent back to England to recuperate.  Shortly before he was due to return to active duty, he contracted smallpox and died here in London, in fact, in the next room, two years before his mother-in-law.  She had not been in robust health for several years prior to her death.  Roderick mentions how she rarely ventured even into the garden anymore in the same letter from which I just read.  It would appear that the annual trips to London were a thing of the past for her well before Simpson’s death, so it being seen by her mother shouldn't have worried Madeline.”
Mycroft’s glance moved from Greg’s fingers to his eyes.  “I thought you would like it.  I ordered a dressing gown for you in it.”
“It was like the way you looked at me that day at Bart’s and two minutes later you offered to share a flat with me,” John said.  “It might have been less than two minutes.”
With a sigh of resignation, she turned over.  Morning would come.  Dreams would go.  She opened her eyes.
His answer took my breath away.  Despite the heat, I reached out until my fingers touched his back.  I stroked down his spine, the names of the vertebrae echoing in my head.  “I didn’t know I could call you,” I whispered.  “I didn’t even know for sure that you were real.”
A tall woman joined the group.  She undid the knot of cloth at her shoulder and let her garment fall.  She caught the musician on his next circuit, hooking a finger in one of the bands about his arms.  He looked up at her, his hand poised above his tambourine.  She plucked it from his grasp, tossed it onto the cloth at her feet and pulled him round to the far side of the oak.  I could not see them at all, but I heard him jingle.
He moved us back towards the bench and let me sit when my legs hit the edge of it.  I’d lost his lips though.  I gazed up at them.  The candlelight made them glisten and they were far too far away.
I smoothed back his hair, traced a circle at his temple.  He must have been exhausted to fall asleep like this.
Many readers were kind enough to want to read more of John and Sherlock's adventures in this universe, which was a great encouragement to me to write up and expand a scene that I had not been able to fit into the earlier chapters.  Thank you all!
His eyes flicked down to where our hands were clasped, then he turned towards the woods and pulled me along, through the grass and flowers, and on under the trees.
The brook spilled into a glade, smaller than the meadow and flat.  In its centre, a massive oak tree grew.  The moon shone through its bare branches.  The stream disappeared beneath its roots.
The shopkeeper turned towards the back of the shop with the pot.  “Give a shout if you need help reaching anything,” he said, looking back over his shoulder.
Corvus was nearly fainted in the corner, his arm still through Sherlock’s, who, perforce, was seated next to him.  Braithewaite was seated facing Corvus with Adamantine situated as far away from Braithewaite as he could manage.  I took the place next to Sherlock and we set off.
Sherlock made another circuit.  Dark stains reared off the floor; crept along the ashen lines in the air until they reached Jim’s body.  His clothes began to smoulder.
"Molly Hooper, may I present Dr John Watson, who has just been hauling a cart full of dead, primordial beast across Londinium with me.  John, Dr Hooper, my favourite pathologist."
I gripped his forearm with one hand, braced my other arm against the tree and shoved my hand against my mouth.  I was as still as the tree trunk upon which I leaned.
“Yes, of course.  So, there we were and Mary was setting your photograph on that table.  I couldn’t see it because the frame was face down, but I knew which one it was – a profile where you’re looking a little upwards, a slight truculence in your expression.”
After a moment, she stood up straighter, rolled her shoulders and clasped her hands.  Then, she pressed her hands to her mouth and held them out towards her children before turning away and walking towards the tree.
The air whistled past the wings.  John felt his heart thumping against the warm back.  He tightened the hold of his legs and his arms, lowered his head and brushed his lips along the straining sinews of Sherlock’s neck.
A couple steps below me on the stairs, Sherlock stood close, his chest firm against my back.  I could feel him breathing.  He touched my hair.  “Yours is the mightier crown,” he murmured.  I might have suspected a jest, but for the gravitas in his voice.  It made me stand straighter.  I reached up and brushed the leaves of the gold branches laden with acorns he had wound about my head.
Sherlock shook his head.  “The day we met, you thought Mike had told me about you, but he hadn’t.  It was the same with Madeleine Swann.  It’s not that I knew; I saw.  What she related supported my initial deduction, but my giving her story credence won’t be enough for her.  We need to go deeper, to find evidence for her, because if what I think is happening to her, is indeed happening to her, then it is something that would make any adult question their sanity.” Sherlock’s voice dropped. “And make other people question it, too.”
“I’m listening,” John said softly and understood that he had not always been as patient as one needed to be with wild things.
There was a click, the slightest creak of a hinge, and faint light filled a doorway ahead of me.  The gloom about me lessened.  My eyes darted in all directions, hungry for the information they had been denied.
“But he did, just after he came back from his time in the Army.  I remember being confused when Mama and Papa told me over dinner one night that we were going to live in Bath because I thought it strange that we would leave our nice rooms off the courtyard to live in the hammam.”
We stood in the forecourt garden of the Tate Modern, Sherlock slowly circling the raised platform that held the officially untitled sculpture popularly dubbed
Sherlock offered the knife, hilt first and Mycroft took it with his bared hand, held it as though weighing it.  “I think John may be right,” he said with a smile that was barely there.  He passed the blade back to Sherlock and turned to me.  “Well done, brother.”
At least my curiosity had been satisfied and I had revelled in watching Holmes scintillate as he identified one false trail after another until only a single clear path to the truth had remained.  There had been amazement expressed, freely by some and grudgingly by others of the various scions of the house, to the extent that I had found myself standing so close to Holmes during such exchanges that those among his new admirers who might have essayed to demonstrate how impressed they were by more than words of praise or an increase in the fee proffered, were effectively deterred, as were the perpetrators of the vicious misdeeds from expressing their consternation at having been caught out.
I dragged myself back to bed and a moment later Sherlock set the candle on the night table and the book box on the bed.  He settled cross-legged next to me and pulled something from the box.
In the streetlight that filtered down from the bridge, they coalesced by a bench off the towpath that afforded a view of Ms Swann’s apartment.  A dim light was still on in her sitting room.  Through the half-open balcony doors, the sound of a piano being played floated across the water.  Below her balcony, a swan-shaped shadow glided to and fro.
There were eyes.  I did pages of them trying to get the colour right, and, I must admit, there were a number of mouths: pouting, yawning, smirking, frowning.  There were several bare feet:  flat on the floor, up on the desk, dangling over the arm of his chair, crossed at the ankle and balanced on the armrest of the sofa.
In the taxi, Sherlock thumbed through the file of photos Lestrade had sent.  The lighting under the bridge had been poor in the first shots before the lamps were set up, but the metamorphosis was so rapid that it had been worth capturing what they could.
“How can you know all this?” I asked, despite being aware of how eclectic his knowledge was and how deep it could go in any area that pertained to his Work.  I simply could not see the connections sometimes and worried about my ability to fulfil his charge to select the relevant passages in the florid text in my hand.
I resolved to go round to the places I had seen as soon as possible, to reinforce what I had learned.  If someone was injured or taken ill, it would not do for me to lose time taking wrong turns en route.  Perhaps in the evening, Sherlock would have time to finish the tour that Detective Inspector Lestrade’s business had interrupted.
“Whatever you wish,” Sherlock replied.  He’d lowered his arm, but hadn’t changed the direction of his gaze.
“Sleep was never your thing, then,” I remarked, glancing out the window and picturing him in the shadow of one of the tall urns bursting with forsythia and hyacinths and overflowing with ivy.  Unbidden, I imagined a wild-eyed boy crouched next to him.  I shook my head to chase the vision away and wondered if I’d been bold enough to knock on the door as a lad and stay put when I heard the latch being undone, if I could have met Sherlock then; if I could have been the one with whom he made his youthful discoveries.
I did not want to add acid burns to my bruises, so I opened one eye.  The angle was wrong because I’d moved the parcels a bit.  I heaved a great sigh and reached for the smallest package, which was, surprisingly, still atop the stack.  I held it in front of my eye.
“You came very close,” he replied as they crested the hill.  “I could hear your song.  I followed it.”
I put some shampoo in my hair and finally started to wash.  Most of the muck had been rinsed away.  Bits of aquatic vegetation decorated the drain.
“The ointment you made.  I’ve used it morning and night as you said and it worked.”  She swayed her hips once more and sat down, grinning.  “I’m going to try it on my feet next.  Dance takes an awful toll on feet.”
, which is rarely associated with any kind of hallucination, although research is ongoing.  Also, our exposure has been short…”  He looked up from his microscope.  “…mainly due to the intervention of the resident physician.  What did you do with the clothes you were wearing this morning?”
He snatched the box from the hearth, tucked it in his pocket and left through the door.  The stairs did not creak as he descended.  He filched a pastry from Mrs Hudson’s kitchen, saw the milk by the pots of herbs outside the kitchen door.  “You live in a good house, John,” he said.  He strolled back to the park, a mist obscuring him from the artificial eyes the humans had mounted on poles.  He smiled as he leapt over the fence, skimming the points of the pales.  “Different from the old days,” he said.  “Those eyes saw nothing, but it was interesting to watch them rot.”
His fingers tightened around my hand as he glanced down at his cards.  He frowned.  “Both my kings looked like you.  The king of hearts held your gun; the king of spades a scalpel.  Between them was an eight of clover.  The king of hearts now looks like me and is climbing across the eight to...join...the king of spades.”  A flush crept up Sherlock's cheeks.
A new song floated down to us, Sherlock on his violin and Molly on the grand harp.  They played beautifully together.
The faint splashing of the oars echoed.  I kept my head down.  Sherlock's forehead almost touched mine as he leaned forward.  As effortless as he made our journey seem, the fragrance of lavender was growing with each backstroke.
Despite a good view of how far it was to the ground, I scrambled about and settled against him, temple brushing against his cheek.  He was already commenting about the guests departing from the portion of the landing visible from our perch.
“Out-bled them, too.”  My head was still a bit light from it, but I managed to shift enough to put the feather deep into one of my pockets.  That accomplished, I let my head fall back against Sherlock’s shoulder and returned my attention to the spectacle of leave-taking.
“I might point out that not every spouse is beloved, even when an elopement or clandestine marriage is involved.  Marry in haste and so on,” he said.
I raised my eyes and beheld a sea of trees that rolled away from the wall until their canopy merged with the clouds on the horizon.
She squeezed the dough.  “A little more milk, John.”  She worked the liquid in.  “These won’t last long.  They eat like wolves after a hard winter.”  She rolled the dough along the inside of the bowl.  “I used to enjoy feeding them when they lived here with Gabriel.  Anji’s going up to Edinburgh, too.  You know, the one who did the tiles in your bathroom.  Poor boy has missed her.  She’s studying in Rome now.”  Mrs Hudson patted the dough.  “I think that’s enough milk.”
“It seems he was presented as a friend of Roderick’s, thus the use of his room,” he said.  “There’s a letter here somewhere that refers to what they did one time when Roderick was in London at the same time.  He and Simpson shared the room apparently.”
“…where more of the rules would need to be followed in front of so many witnesses and where the music would be ours.”  She looked down at me solemnly.  “You’ve done very well…”  A small smile brightened her expression for a moment as she added those syllables that I had heard when we met, then pulled a ring from her forefinger and held it up as though to be certain it was the one she wanted.  It had a stone that twinkled even in the dim light, encircled by smaller jewels.  “I’ve always thought they resembled a flower, so it will suit you.”  She held it out towards me and I lifted my right hand, small finger raised slightly and she slipped the ring onto it.
“From over there,” Mycroft replied, waving behind him at the dim outline of a villa further along the shore.  “Its occupants have gone off to warmer climes and so has the court.”
Unlike some of his explanations that night, the details of which had been lost in my wonderment at hearing his voice again, those words had stayed fixed in my mind.  His tone of joy and pride in his stratagem had struck me and I had noted them down in my journal before sleeping.  I had not recognised the quote he paraphrased then, however, poor scholar that I clearly am, but in the theatre the force of its context had me gripping the arms of my chair to remain steady.  Holmes had likened himself to Shakespeare's Cleopatra, this monarch who could lure emperors away from their noble and virtuous spouses to her bed and bend their warrior will to her purposes and desires.  Holmes had chosen those words to describe himself to me.
There was an irritating buzzing somewhere below us.  It was too far away to hit and I refused to open my eyes to find the source and silence it.
Perhaps I was taking the injunction to make myself at home a bit far, but I did not seem able to resist peeking through the microscope nor reading the most recent lab notes concerning blood samples, human and otherwise, that contained pathogens which crossed species.  I leaned my cane against the table and lifted one of the vials from the nearer rack, rotating it to read the writing on the label:
“But a knight must go forth with lance and sword to fight any wild beast that threatens our realm,” Oberon said.
Inside the lobby of the Globe, lights had come on and a guard was approaching the glass doors with a phone to his ear and a key in his hand.
My eyes returned to the advancing figure.  A glimpse of shin, a gleam of thigh.  By my side, my fingers twitched.
“Tell Sherlock John’s up,” Mrs Hudson said to the bird as she returned to the desk.  She held out a tiny bowl.
“It’s something of a puzzle, at least as interesting as those you like to help the mortals solve, all unaware as they usually are,” Mycroft said and reached under the gnarled root.  He held up an acorn cup.  The shaft of a gold key protruded from its bowl.
“Am I seeing what I think I am, Sherlock?” I asked, not taking my eyes off the mother and son as I stood up.
The moth moved, its legs tickling across his skin.  It bored into the flesh between John’s fingers.  Each sting sent a tingling sensation into his muscles, up to his fingertips and down to his arm.
“He explained that several bodies had been found among the jagged rocks of the coast, but none of them had been Arthur’s.  Two crew members had made it to shore alive – the cook and the ship’s boy.  They were both from The Lizard and Mr Morrow thought that might have helped them save themselves.  Neither of them knew anything of Arthur Morrow’s fate, however.  Three witnesses from the lighthouse said they had seen the ship’s main mast break off before the smaller sails caught the westward wind.  The ship had last been seen as darkness fell, bucking and spinning towards the horizon.  The shipowner had no success finding any trace of his vessel, the rest of its crew or its cargo and Lloyd’s had paid on the insurance.”
"Definitely the shower for us, right now," Sherlock said, looking over my shoulder into the library.
She resumed with a rush.  “I knew I should swim for the shore, but I didn’t know which one was closer.  I tensed and began to sink…then something brushed against my back, beneath the water.  Something soft.  And then something nipped one of my fingers and then another.  It roused me from inaction.  I turned and began to swim.
“It appeared so.  I didn’t wish to baldly enquire, but as it turned out I didn’t need to ask.  Gleefully, they told me, sometimes in tandem and sometimes in unison, that all had been as Madame Willow relayed.  They had retained a few small pieces of jewellery each for sentimental reasons and because they were pretty, but the major jewels had had to be sold.  They hired a photographer to come to their house and photograph them wearing most of it, as keepsakes.  They showed me the photographs.  I think most people would have assumed they were wearing costume jewellery - the styles of the jewels were so old-fashioned and the primary gems so large.  In the end, their mother had been thinking of their future.”
“Above us there had been a whirring sound and we had looked up as a drift of swans flew past the moon and I had wanted to sing,” I said.  “I had wanted to sing to your music, but I didn’t know the words.”
A couple napkins floated off the buffet table, swirling in the confluence of Spring and Summer breezes in the middle of the room.
“Indeed,” Mycroft answered.  “Mummy had the urge to dance in the fields so they’ve whisked themselves away to the Isles of Scilly.  In their absence, I am regent of the city.  Perfect time to get a few things done and it suits the park, don’t you think?”
It was like a drop of nectar.  Just a drop, not too sweet.  I could almost taste it on my tongue.  How I missed the satisfaction of a job well done.  I lifted my chin.
“Fine. How’s your opinion of me shaping the images on those cards so that I can see them, too?” I asked, reaching for the sash of his dressing gown.
Sherlock’s back stiffened as he turned to face Mycroft and held out his other hand.  “The key, if you please, assuming you were able to counteract Puck’s noxious potions.”
“We shouldn’t be so close,” he said as he stood and stepped back, his face still hidden by his hood.  “You’re warming it again.”
Kit was holding onto the balustrade, his face flushed.  I grinned and raised my cup to him and he smiled.
This seemed comprehensible to the lad.  He nodded, pulled a cloak from behind the door and slipped past us into the night.
“Not a bit.  Standing still as a statue,” John replied as he walked through the door to the hallway.
John sat up enough to crack his cookie open over the table.  “How do they get the bespoke fortunes in?”
prevented several idiocies from being committed by listening to their prattle,” Sherlock said, “but Puck is fonder of mischief than statecraft.  He meddles for different reasons.”  Sherlock took the acorn cup and flew beneath a cluster of glow worms nestled in a crevice of the tree trunk.
“Thirty-five, set designer at Shakespeare’s Globe for the last three years, worked in Bayreuth for five years before that and in Edinburgh for six after finishing university there.  Has a studio flat this side of the river two developments east of here and a German boyfriend who visits every couple months for a week or so.  Employers happy with her work, not so happy to be woken in the middle of the night to tell me about it,” he said and handed Sherlock his mobile.  “Have a look at that.”
“Yes, of course,” I replied, moving over in my own window seat so I could more easily turn to speak with her.
He held the tips of his glowing twigs to the kindling and small branches that Archie and Charlie had arranged over the extinguished ashes and soon our new fire was crackling and bright.
“Opening my email now.  Just a second.”  John tapped at the keyboard.  “Got it.  Yes.  I’ll forward you a copy.  Let’s hope for the best.”  He nodded and sighed.  “Yeah, you were right.  The surgery wasn’t what I wanted.”
As the musicians tuned their instruments, I arranged myself in my seat so that I could watch Holmes listen to their music.  I assumed that was more of an attraction for him than the play, and witnessing the effect his enjoyment of music had upon him had always been my favourite part of attending a performance in his company.  I had missed that.
I, too, should have known, but the hyacinths were giving up their scent, Sherlock was firm against my back, and the dull ache to which the injury in my shoulder had faded seemed to pulse in time with his breathing.
I set it down on the corner of the table and stood regarding Sherlock.  His hair was sticking up in various directions and there was a crease from the seam of a pillow running across one of his cheeks.  Ah, the sleep of angels!
Madeleine stopped walking, brow furrowed.  “I remember that morning.  There was fog among the trees.  It rolled out over the water and we had to stop swimming; we could hardly see.”
A pair of sleek animals, harnessed single file, trotted briskly east in front of the carriage with two creatures tethered behind.  I assumed their journey must be long to bring two relief horses for the team doing the pulling.  After a couple furlongs, all four creatures spread wings.  The carriage rose into the air.
I twisted about to ask for more detail, but he had already twirled away.  I watched him dash into the laboratory and return with his mobile, apparently reading the messages Lestrade had been sending him that he had missed.
“You two stayed down in Woolwich to deal with a maritime issue,” Molly supplied.  “Fortunately, Greg was able to make it back in time.”  She smiled up at him.
Sherlock took my hand and held it up as though we might promenade past Culvert, or perhaps directly at him and raise our linked arms even higher to pass over him.
About me, shadows wavered as clouds hurried past the moon.  Below me, branches clattered.  The air grew chill.
From the east, a breeze blew cool across his back.  John lifted his head.  Above the horizon, there was stripe of white.  A band of deep blue separated it from the jet black sky above.  He could not keep his head up.  He shifted his hips forward and moaned, every bite tingling at the contact.  He lowered his head to the slick skin between Sherlock’s wings.
I tilted my head to listen for the crunch of Sherlock's footsteps and when I heard them, followed as quietly as I could.
“She looked at one of the cards and saw the likeness of her dead husband as a young man…in fancy dress no less.”
"Lestrade hasn't been able to gather the information on excavations or repairs affecting underground waterways yet," Sherlock replied.  "I may have to help him to speed that up."
He had taken to doing that, never asking for my laptop or my notebook, always leaning over me smelling like a garden and radiating warmth by my cheek.
An odd mixture of relief and trepidation overtook me.  “A family trait,” I whispered back and climbed the last few steps to ease open the narrow door at the top.  When we slid aside the middle panel that connected the music room and ballroom galleries, a murmur ran through the crowd below us.  We walked rapidly along the ballroom gallery and disappeared into the door on the other side that led down to the ballroom.  “Was I imagining that?” I asked as we descended.
“Hmm.”  Sherlock picked up his sandals.  The wings opened half-way and closed again.  He put one foot up on the edge of the window seat and began lacing them up.  “Yours are there,” he said and tilted his head towards the corner of the seat.  “With a sack for your plants.”
“Well, yes, you describe it on your blog, but it’s a little different in person,” Ms Swann murmured.
Sherlock had already resumed his seat upon the tree stump and was considering the substantial piece of raw meat on the skewer in his hand.  He took a bite and his teeth gleamed in the firelight.
Sherlock stooped to retrieve the knife.  He rotated it between his fingers.  The silver was very bright; it flashed as it turned.
The lighted windows on the north side of the canal threw rectangles of light on the dark water.  The silhouette of a swan glided in and out of them.
The shadow creature was too big to be any sort of dog or even wolf.  It drew closer, running so fast its feet barely touched the ground.
“It tells me not only what you saw, but what you felt about what you saw,” he answered softly, tilting his head.  The moonlight illuminated more of his face.
“Closed pocket doors facing the windows, the door through which we had entered, which faced the fireplace, and a door next to the windows through which our hostess arrived just before her absence became too awkward.”
“I should have known it wasn’t you,” Mrs Hudson said, sitting down.  “There’re ones out back by the bins, too.”
More often of late, his music heralds the day - a melodious crowing from the cock of our sitting room.  I chase it down to breakfast, running ahead of the dread that music and musician will disappear before I reach them, melting away, as phantasms do, in the light of day.
“There you are, John!”  Mrs Hudson stood before me balancing a plate to rival Kit’s in its abundance.  “You haven’t had any of the desserts!  You wouldn’t want to miss the roast chestnuts.  They were particularly fine this autumn.  Or the marron glacés I made.”  She smiled at Kit.  “I see you’ve already eaten yours, sweet boy.”
“The stitchers’ buzzing hurts my ears it is so high-pitched,” Wiggins complained, touching one ear.  “What hides behind and peeks through is done.  Now they are finishing the vines that conceal.”
Mrs Hudson pointed at the parapet atop the thick walls over the gate.  “You would have been up there,” she explained, “with the roof garden wall behind you, so you wouldn’t have seen this.”
It grew into a tongue of flame, bright and wild in the grey and silver landscape.  It rose higher.  Licked along the upper edge of the pyre and something on top took light.
I had succeeded in eliciting a few, but solemn and intent had more often been Sherlock’s expression and I had applied myself all the harder because of it.  The diagrams of the dances where burnt into my brain; the music he played for me, memorised; the feel of the movements he’d taught me becoming second nature to my muscles.  I had slept, but it hadn’t been much and I had danced in my dreams, with him mostly, but sometimes alone around two swords as in the dance he had shown me just before dinner.
She raised an eyebrow.  "Sherlock wasn't the only one from the Manor who went up to the heath that summer evening."
In my view, they were worthy of Kew Gardens, although I have not been there since I was a child so my memories were little more than vague impressions of lush foliage and towering glass roofs.  The Manor’s conservatories, as distinguished from a couple small nurseries I saw tucked into nooks by chimney pots and filled mostly with seedlings or pots yet to sprout, were more than two storeys high and complete with trees.  One, which Mrs Hudson identified as the tropical one, was very humid and the other pleasantly warm one catered to the sub-tropical plants.  There were white spiral staircases to viewing galleries and lower areas with wide half walls where one could sit and marvel without falling over when one had craned one’s neck back too far.
The mist shrouding the far bank was lifting as dawn approached, revealing the animals and carriages waiting under the trees by the road there.  Wisps of fog broke away and swirled over the water, hiding the ferryman’s boat for a few moments as it crossed, leaving the disembodied voices of the passengers to mark their progress to those waiting on the steps or about the terrace for their turns.
Holmes met my gaze.  “He calls it enchanting, swears it must be the melody to an incantation.  In time, we should expect him to develop it into an opera.  He claims it won’t let go of him.”  Holmes lowered his eyes with a smile.  “I’ve told him it was inspired by the chemical formula for one of the coal-tar derivatives with which I was experimenting at the university.”
“Some blokes shouting and banging on the door with the hilts of their swords, then trying to hack their way through it with battle axes,” I managed to say, as I watched his buttocks flex as he raised his arm and brought it down again.
“They’ve made you hesitate,” he said, his eyes roving over me.  “And you’re not a man deterred by nonsense.”
She pointed north.  “The Tyburn branches about where the boating lake is now, one stream flowing to the east and the other to the west of the house and reuniting a little south of us.”
He shook his head.  “Dance is the mode of combat.  There are several types of dances, some done in a group, some in pairs, some involve very complex patterns and some involve blades.”
Colour splashed across his skin, bright and uneven.  That was lovely, I thought as I drew my hand slowly away.  “That’s perfect,” I said, “stay like that for a while.”
Sherlock slipped down John’s chest and applied his tongue to the rose-hued skin there. His words had kept him from John's flesh for too long.
"There was a conservation seminar a month ago.  Swann made one of the presentations.  It's likely he stole someone's ID card, someone about to go on holiday, I would imagine, but really, I have to leave something for the Met to do."
He had assumed the detached expression of a scientific observer, but his eyes widened when he looked at them.
Sherlock nodded.  “Much as I loathe these gatherings, it might have been prudent to volunteer to host another one sooner.  I’ve never attended any elsewhere and I was nineteen the last time we had one here.”
“So she says.”  Sherlock pointed towards the next stair and stepped over it.  “That one creaks. We’ll see in the morning.”
“A printing error?” Holmes asked without looking up from his position seated on the floor in front of the settee.
We were translating some of the engravings on the markers from Latin and Old French, Sherlock handling most of the latter, when the door ground slowly open.  The dean entered leading Corvus, two older men and four choristers into the crypt.  We turned away from our scholarly pursuits to greet them as though it were the most natural thing in the world to be browsing through the inscriptions in a locked crypt.  Sherlock maintained it was the only way to handle being discovered in unexpected places, if there was nowhere to hide and rendering the other people unconscious or dead was not appropriate.
Like a compass needle, I had stopped rotating facing the elevator.  I had no patience for it and had run down the spiral stairs, circling its shaft.
“You see why I needed to copy it over before sending it to you,” he said, “but, other than skipping some descriptions of our pastimes and mending a few errors in spelling, I have transcribed my observations exactly as I wrote them there, in the House of Usher.”  He drew in an audible breath, his voice dropping when he spoke again.  “Several times I nearly abandoned it.  When I would re-read the previous day’s entry, my words seemed fantastical even to my own eyes, but words were all I had to capture, to preserve, what I saw and heard and…felt, so that I might try to understand…”
One of my medical journals is still on the sofa cushion.  I had set it aside when Violet Waverly rang our doorbell with her conundrum.
Sherlock tucked his flask away and froze, one hand still inside his coat.  He peered over my shoulder into the woods behind me.
“I’m so happy you’ll be staying...John.  I knew Doctor Stamford would have a good recommendation for us.  I could feel it in my bones.”  She smiled and looked around the garden.  “You know, we do have lights we could turn on out here.  They’re rather pretty…”
Grinning, I looked back to the bundle I was holding.  “Sort of a cross between Christmas morning and pass-the-parcel.”
He shifted to the side.  Water dripped onto my back.  A small cloth settled on top of the droplets, something wet fell on top of both, then they were rolled up together.
I kept my eyes on him.  The shade of red was getting brighter, but through its haze I could see him, every detail of the tension around his eyes and the way he was drawing in his lips.  He has knowledge and abilities that I am certain I haven’t seen even the half of, but there is something else, too, and I was seeing a hint of it.  Who knows how old he is, but he seems very young sometimes and he appeared that way now and a little afraid.
“When I visited, they showed me the effects that had been found on their son’s body, which they were keeping in a velvet pouch inside a fair-sized cedarwood box:  a stout leather belt with brass buckle complete with AQM engraved on the reverse,  the tattered remnants of a seaman’s tunic – front and back panels and a bit of one sleeve, a pair of gold reading spectacles from a buttoned inside pocket of the tunic – one lens cracked, and a gold ring that had belonged to Mr Morrow’s father and been inscribed with his initials, QAM, and the date of its presentation to him on his twenty-first birthday in 1817. This ring had been passed on to Mr Morrow when he reached adulthood and then to Arthur on his first visit home after attaining his majority.  It had been removed for safe-keeping, with the help of the local surgeon, when the body had been brought up from the shore to the church.”
"Yes," he said, tilting his head and squinting at me.  “We must practice with the swords, but we need to feed you first.  Your blood sugar is dropping.”
He rolled his eyes and I thought he might faint before I realised he was simply exasperated.  “You know,” he gritted out.
Mycroft tied a strand of bark around the scroll and held it up.  From under a root, a beetle scuttled.  It stood on its hind legs, clasped the roll to its abdomen and buzzed away.
He was looking down, turned slightly away from me.  I couldn’t see his expression clearly.  He would know the bones were his.  I hadn’t thought much about what images were flowing from my biro, but the phalanges that dug into the muscle of the heart were long, the position of the hand otherwise the same as in my first drawing.
“Your neighbour let me in,” she interjected.  “I think he might have been a little high.”  She leaned forward, made a small sniffing sound and smiled.  “I wouldn’t mind a drink.  Invite me in?”
John tilted his head further back.  He could see the pinkness around Sherlock’s eyes.  “We should go home,” he said.
I tugged on the tip of the ribbon and the notebook fell open.  On the left-hand page I skimmed notations about his journey north, on the right, was the paragraph that had opened the preamble we had read, word for word, if my memory served.  I turned the pages slowly, scanning the lines.  Sometimes he had written in ink, sometimes in pencil, dating his entries on a blank line and writing over corrections or crossing out phrases rather than employing a rubber, even for the pencilled words.  Some days’ work was more neatly inscribed than others, but the trend was to a less and less legible scrawl.
"Naturally," I said and slipped carefully off the table.  The floor was very cold.  "You wouldn't know where I put my shoes?"
Sherlock followed it under the window and took a long breath, antennae waving.  John’s nest smelt so much better when he was in it.
John had turned more fully, drawn a leg up on the sofa.  “Like something you experienced as a child.”
they are ready, bring them to John’s room.”  Sherlock said and turned away, dismissing Wiggins with a flick of his fingers.
Time had passed, although there were no clocks, no ray of sun or moon to provide a clue as to how much.  Sherlock was beside me, the rise and fall of his ribs a reassuring rhythm beneath my arm.  I smiled to myself.  I had finally lulled him to sleep.
“Of course, I got milk,” I replied as I set the sacks on the kitchen table.   “And ginger nuts, too.”  I peered into the sitting room.
“I had a hunch that might be their relationship when I watched them in the park, after I got past the fear that she was going to have Baskerville for supper," I said as the door swung open along a deep groove in the stone floor. “So why doesn't she want Baskerville to go to her hunting grounds with her?”
I disconnected my laptop, slipped it and the charger into my bag.  The last two students had gathered their rucksacks and were headed for the doors.
“It’s wood...or glass, I suppose.  A box or a jar filled with sand.  I don’t know,” I replied.  “I liked the heft of it.”
Sherlock met me on the landing.  He had shed his coat and scarf and behind him firelit shadows played.
The hand was offered to the dog.  The nails of its hind legs clicked against the floorboards as it snuffled loudly against the palm.
The room grew stuffy.  Some people had had the foresight to carry fans, and they fluttered among those resting and chatting like so many butterflies.
John pecked out the email to his landlord by firelight.  He pushed send and stretched, phone still in hand, back arched against the front of Sherlock’s chair, feet touching his own.
My blood seemed usually dark on my forefinger, but the light was not strong.  I aggravated the cut with my teeth and managed to bleed enough to continue.  After the fourth application, his mouth began to look like the red rose in the basket.  It looked so kissable.
“No!” Sherlock replied, “I would have you no more, which would be stupid, and I am not inclined to stupidity.”
My head spun.  I stumbled towards the threshold, reaching for the gate.  Through the doorway, I could see the moon high and clear in the sky above the roof gardens.  It raced away from me.
Both garments looked to be made of linen, but were more supple than I thought linen had any right to be.  That, however, was not the matter uppermost in my mind.  Rather, it was their anachronous nature that piqued my curiosity.  I reached for the card, considering the words more carefully.  There was to be a ball at Holmeswood Manor, no further address was specified.  The Master and Mistress of the manor requested the honour of my company at it.  The hour the festivities commenced: 10 in the evening; the day of the week: Moonday.
“You don’t fly like a moth,” John said as the insect landed on the tip of his middle finger.  He studied the lustrous wings that matched no shape he had ever seen.
I sat back in my seat.  “You never did tell me why there were those similarities between that music and yours.”
The ribbon at my waist untied itself and the drawers dropped to my feet.  I stepped away and a glissando whisked them into the basket.  The tunic followed them from off the bench.
“Good,” Mycroft said.  “It would be useful for me to know when he goes to fetch it and what else he does while he’s there.”
I strode to the desk, still not bothering with the sash of my dressing gown.  I’ve never felt self-conscious in a locker room and I wasn’t going to start now in my own bedroom.  The envelope was sealed and the writing looked like Sherlock’s, the kind he used to label anatomical diagrams or write out chemical formulae.  It was sealed with silvery wax and stamped with an ‘H’.  I was using a knife from the breakfast tray to slit the envelope open when I felt hands at my collar.
Cock had been pushed towards the back of the crowd as it shifted with us.  He raised his hands over his head to clap.
I looked across the huge stretch of moonlit grass.  “If I take the lead off, will you come back to me when I whistle?” I asked, fervently wishing I had learned some tune to summon animals to my side.
“Yes, then Adamantine came down from Usher, went with Madeline to register the birth as Roderick’s child with Madeline posing as Roderick’s wife, Alberta Simpson,” Sherlock explained.
The light was disappearing from the sky when I awoke.  The drawback to staying up until a winter dawn is that one can sleep through the next day entirely.  I opened the balcony doors a crack and closed them fast.  A day for jumpers and extra logs on the fire.
I checked my cards.  My eyes grew very wide and my hand darted out to cover most of them.  "What..."
Without thinking, I grabbed the oar before it could swing away, leaving the spear dangling.  My hand had barely left it when Sherlock seized it, unhooked it and pushed us away from the bank as we started to drift back towards the arch.
Oberon opened the box, lifted out the vial with the thin, dark roll within.  “That does not look very interesting,” Oberon remarked, “but appearances can be deceiving.”
With a sharp click, the library door opened.  A faint, flickering light, perfumed with spices, fell onto the lower landing.
She shook her head.  “But I’ve read descriptions of them.  This was nothing like that.  This was vast, open, the air fresh, alive with its own currents, fragrant with green things that must have been growing on those invisible shores, and then the sky roared.  My eyes flew open.  Lightning sizzled across the sky – beautiful and deadly.”  She took a deep breath.
“I might have been impaled on a tree branch this morning rather than comfortable in my bed,” I added.
“Basic courtesy would require it as he is in London, which Mr Braithewaite has told you,” Holmes said, “now, Dr Adamantine travelling all the way from Usher to attend goes beyond that.  You have an idea why he came such a distance and if you wish us to help you, you must share with us everything you know and anything you suspect.  There is no need to stand on propriety with us, indeed you must not let it interfere with your giving us any scrap of information you have.  What detail might unlock the mystery that has brought you here may not be obvious at this stage, so include everything.  This room has heard more than its fair share of secrets.”
“He had a fright over by the Pond and ran off a bit to wait for me, but then he saw a squirrel and the chase was on.”  She hooked the lead to his collar and stroked the dog’s back.  “Poor boy.  That’s the second time that bird gave you a shock.”
“The stitchers will be shocked to learn of this,” Sherlock said.  “The wards they put on the shoes are for natural dangers, not curses.  There aren’t usually curses in Summer.”
“Oh, I had my lunch already, but I’ll bring my tea up and have dessert with you later.  I made fresh ice cream,” she said and tapped a cover she had not lifted yet.  “Mains in there and afterwards I’ll take you around more of the house.  Sherlock asked me to do that before he dashed off.”
“She didn’t say anything for so long that my wild thoughts circled back to her and the whole farce that was being enacted, and then she spoke. ‘Agnes has no answer for you.  She says, ‘He's not here.’
“Oh?”  Sherlock lifted the metal out of the flames and set it on the work bench on the other side of the fire.  He selected a rasp from his tools and set to indenting and filing the cooling metal.  I still couldn’t see what it was.
They remained contemplating one another, a pair of willowy figures illuminated by the grey light from the windows.  Then, slowly, Sherlock lowered his violin and set it and his bow aside.
“One,” Sherlock replied, “but several unexplained deaths aboard passenger and cargo vessels departing from there.”
“Yes, very well,” I said after a brief pause to assure the steadiness of my voice.  I took the knife lying next to the parcel and slit the envelope open.
“Oh, yes, sir,” he said.  “Mr Billy said I have the knack for it though.”  He draped another length of young ivy over the back of the sconce and stepped off his box.
I ran my hand down over his shoulder.  I did remember.  The lines of pain had eased around his eyes, the grey had left his cheeks and the jagged edges of his wounds had joined together right before my eyes.
Wiggins held a stout stick to the small fire beside him.  Its end took light.  He took it out and offered it to me.
I took the cup he offered me and sipped.  The flavour was smoky, not what I remember as Mrs Hudson’s usual fare.  It was hot and sweetened just to my taste.  I closed my eyes to savour it. An image I have sometimes seen in my dreams waited for me.
“Not in a court, no.  Fortunately, for this case, we do not have to convince a judge or a jury.  Ms Swann simply wants to be reassured that she hasn’t taken leave of her senses,” Sherlock replied.
Silently, I vowed to refrain from such displays.  Holmes could take care of himself as well as any man I knew and I had no evidence that he intended the privileges he had granted me to be exclusive.  I had pondered the matter on the train ride back to London as it had begun to rain.
“The dog’s, too.  He’s only doing what he’s been bred to do.  Best not to bring him near wildfowl, especially off his lead.”  John looked up at Sherlock.  “OK, fine.  Rant over.  You were in such a hurry to get over to the Pond, I’m surprised you stopped for the dog.”
"Somewhere else perhaps," he said, leaning forward.  Another powerful stroke broke us to the centre of canal.
Then I would like to test the smoothness of your skin with the tip of my tongue.  I was grateful that those words did not escape me and hoped he could not see the mental picture that had accompanied them.
And when I danced alone, I felt clay and chalk, rock and earth through my soft shoes, instead of the parquet I knew was there.  Tambours sounded and I danced to their rhythm, over swords, crossed and gleaming, and the heads of my rivals bowed lower each time I touched the ground with toe or heel.  I saw their grasping hands fall to their sides, their backs hunch and their robes hang like limp rags.  Over their stooped shoulders, I saw your eyes upon me and when you smiled I stomped the earth with my whole foot and those that would have you in my stead, crumpled to dust and blew away.
“A modest being,” John managed to reply.  The muscular weight shifting above him demanded his attention, the soft lips brushing over the tiny wounds in his skin made him stutter.
She lifted it up.  “Oh, isn’t that pretty!” she exclaimed, running a fingertip along the strip at the top.  “Surely, Sherlock can pick the lock for you.”
The carthorse pawed at the earth; the harness jingled.  Sherlock made a soft, hushing sound to the animal and it quieted.
Once caffeinated and dressed, I took my harp with me to the library.  Midway down the stairs, the lights winked out.  I did not grab the bannister; I checked the skylight.  The luminous grey of a London night shone through it.
The night had turned darker.  Clouds blanketed the stars; the moon was but a faint smudge low in the sky. I thought my partial drying out might soon be undone.  I caught up with the cart as it turned onto the pier.
Somewhere in his mind, the words had registered.  He felt himself changing.  Only his parents and Mycroft had ever been able to make him do that and they had lost the power when he was fully fledged.  Alarm flowed hot upon the thought and his wings fluttered, but he was pressed to John's side, his tongue deep in John’s mouth and it was difficult to focus on anything else.
I saw the edge of a smile.  “I am often with people, Watson.”  His melody climbed.  “If you are not among them, I am alone.”
John popped half his cookie into his mouth and angled the scrap of paper until he got a bit more light to fall on it.
The music had stopped, but even through the wood, the hum of conversation was loud, punctuated by the occasional trill of laughter.  Harp and flute took up a new song.
The little boy stopped to stare, clapping his hands in delight and the older boy closed his arms around him and brought him back to the fireside.
The contrast often leaves me speechless.  The erudite scientist and the adept…what?    Sorcerer?  Alchemist?  Vampire?
"You think something's followed them here?" Lestrade said.  "But even a thousand years ago, there weren't sharks living in the Thames."
Sherlock flew, landed on John’s shoulder.  It was cool.  He walked across John’s cheek.  It was salty beneath his feet.  He felt John’s breath against the scales of his nearest wing.  It was warm.  He meandered through John’s hair.  It was silky.  He drew blood from the lobe of John’s ear.  It was sweet.
Sherlock zoomed in on the head in one of the images and squinted at the screen.  “Combined with the evidence Ms Swann gathered for herself after we departed the scene, I would say yes.  That means that we don’t have to try for daylight footage of a transformation.”
Well, I would have thought someone over there would have needed my services by now and I would have discovered their existence that way.
I smelled the trees, the damp bark, the leaf mould and the moss.  There was water running somewhere below me.  An owl hooted.  A wolf howled.  The breeze grew stronger.
“Vernet?  I’m not familiar with that label,” I said simply to say something.  I am not a connoisseur of wine, but the hand-written labels on the wines we had had with our first dinner came to mind.
I switched off the bedside lamp as Sherlock opened the door.  Inky darkness greeted us.  Sherlock strode into it.
“Well, all right.”  She paused on the stairs and let me slide a basket full of clanking objects off her arm.  “I was hoping to catch you this afternoon to see which of those you want to use,” she said, gesturing at the basket with a handful of metal rods.
John took a deep breath.  “I would like Sherlock’s favourites,” he said and closed the menu.  “I think you know what they are better than I do.”
“Does he go to France often, then?” I asked.  It was hard to concentrate with the different sensations that were going on in my mouth.
In the distance, the torchlight wavered when the figures turned their backs in our direction.  Their receding lights showed a wall extending eastwards from the tower and a suggestion that there might be the foundations of another tower further along the wall.  Their progress was leisurely; it appeared they had not heard our small noises nor noticed the body on the shingle.
I checked the floor for the traces of our steps.  Sherlock’s had turned barbed and silvery and were wrapped around some leech-like thing that squirmed not far from my feet.  Its gaping jaws were ringed with needle-sharp teeth.  It gurgled and disappeared with an odd jingling sound and a puff of smoke that stunk of formaldehyde.
He lifted his hand, taking mine with it, his fingers slipping down to my wrist.  He pressed his lips to my knuckles.  “You speak more clearly with these sometimes…or with your gun.”
It was a relief to hear my name, the one that was just me, not linked to who sired me or who sired him.  “I can choose my term?” I asked and wondered who this negotiator was that seemed to have taken charge of my tongue.
The air grew icy.  I held Sherlock more tightly.  Why don’t I know what to do?  Sherlock’s often hurt, I always knew what to do.  I was his doctor.  I
“I suspect that Puck’s choice of hiding place might not have been based purely on proximity,” Mycroft said.
Sherlock lifted his camera up and squinted through the lens.  “Wild things form attachments, too,” he murmured.
She opened her wings.  Wide, wide they were and far blacker than a London night.  She brought them forward, drew them back, then forward again and again.  The sound echoed across the river.  She rose from the water.”
I shook my head.  “I thought Willoughby was going to fall to his knees when that cupboard was opened and everything appeared to be in there.  Possibly, kiss your shoes whilst he was down there."
The folds of his cloak shifted and his curls moved as though a breeze were ruffling them.  He’d narrowed his eyes at his brother.
I shook my head.  I didn't know that.  We’ve been in this room hundreds of times; that image never changed before.
The antique shop was lit mainly by the light from the display window shining through the dusty air.  Far in the back, a green-shaded lamp shed a yellow rectangle on a desk piled high with books and boxes.  Between the daylight and the lamplight stretched shadowy shelves that rose to a panelled ceiling through which a spiral staircase rose.  John tightened his hold on the pot of sage.
“I was perusing the formula for a purported aphrodisiac just now,” he said.  "Often used, judging by the number of stains on the page."
“Won’t be for much longer though,” Mrs Hudson said, watching the pair, too.  She looked up at the ceiling.
“Most of the human samples are from patients who have died,” he said.  “The uncontaminated ones were.  All of them had been frozen for several months at a minimum and the living donors are scattered around the country.  You've seen how rare most of the diseases are.  Physical and temporal distance lessens the speed of the effect, but even old blood will work eventually.  Someone who had donated blood months ago would have felt some slight discomfort, a twinge, a prickle, if I had used their blood tonight.   Nothing remotely like what you are experiencing.”
Mrs Hudson was taking a more leisurely approach to examining her card, but she would turn it over eventually and that was going to be embarrassing.
“That amount of time would not be long for me,” Sherlock replied, licking the moisture from John’s skin.  “You are interesting and in other forms, I can drink your blood.”
He let a leg slip off the bed, pushed up into that firm hand when he had a foot on the floor.  The pressure increased, his back bowed and his wail told of a different feeling.
There was the swan, unfolding his wings and fluttering up to the post in the water by Ms Swann’s balcony.  And there was the swan standing with one foot on the top of the post, one half-open wing appearing to touch the side of the building, the other touching the railing of the balcony. Then his head and neck seemed to grow wider and the wing touching the railing appeared to have a hand amidst the feathers.
It was no more.  Where it had been, ashes smouldered.  Above it, the moon rode high, a small white disc, half obscured by the clouds scudding past it to the south.
There was a buzzing not far from his head.  John did not want to let go of sleep, but he smiled at the sound.
“Or maybe he is flirting, but not just after getting a leg over tonight, but playing a longer game,” John suggested, field glasses still before his eyes.  “He’s heading back under the big, old trees.  Ms Swann is gazing after him.”
I wrenched my gaze away from the star-scattered heavens and scanned the wide meadow in which we stood.  It was ringed with trees in all directions, but the way we had come.  I turned around.  Here the trees stopped well below the hilltop, leaving the view open to the south.  I saw only the crowns of trees and a vast field of stars.  One streaked across the sky.
"Don't worry.  You are well-scented.  She would have known you belonged...here," Sherlock said, holding his hand out to test the temperature of the water.
“This was the letter waiting for me when I reached London,” Corvus said, holding the letter out and looking at Holmes.
Letting him instruct me would be good exercise.  I pictured us fencing in this splendid, spacious room.  It was a much more satisfactory image.
I glanced at Sherlock then.  He was looking at my newest ring and seemed pleased.  He twisted the ring on his little finger around so the stones faced palmwards and closed his fist, but I’d already seen its sparkle.
“When she was younger, that used to upset her.  Now she swoops past us a few times, then rides on on Duneyrr, acting as navigator because she can see so much farther.”  He glanced down at me.  “She thinks well of you.”
“A little internet research about Ms Swann’s company and their newly released game - a synopsis, a few reviews, a trailer,” Sherlock said.
I lifted my arm to the side of the chair.  It might have been a step towards getting up, but it felt good resting there.  I was sitting, weight off my legs entirely.  That was pleasant.  The chair half framed me, back behind mine, seat alongside.  It might have been cosy if there hadn’t been a draught along the floor.
By the time we had completed a full circuit and reached our campfire once again, the aroma of Bert and Charlie roasting some type of meat over the flames was most welcome. Wiggins was sharpening small sticks and Archie was skewering chunks from a mound of raw meat and herbs laid out on brown paper spread upon the grass.  Kit was selecting suitable sticks from a pile of kindling that was even bigger than it had been when we left.  Midnight had his own chunk of meat that he was devouring raw to an accompaniment of satisfied sounds.
My tongue registered the textures and the flavours and my brain pronounced them good, but it did not equal the pleasure I had felt devouring the cinnamon toast in my room.
Sherlock tilted his head down as he listened, brows furrowed, then he nodded, and Siròc took flight.
The swan rubbed his beak through his mate’s dark feathers as he curved his neck around her head.  She turned her head into the curve of his neck and called softly in her sleep.  The sound was new to him and he liked it.  He arched a wing over her back and let it settle on her bare skin.  Without feathers on most of her body, she needed other coverings to keep the cold away, but the coverings had fallen off in the night.  They were warm and soft, her coverings, but his feathers were softer and warmer.  He curved his wing more tightly over her, felt it rising and falling with her breaths.  He pressed his side against hers and closed one of his eyes.
I held out both hands, every finger be-ringed, even the thumbs.  I moved them as though I was plucking my harp.  The rings glittered and my fingers felt stronger with them on.  I’d certainly do more damage with a right hook with them there.
I caught a glimpse of a smile as Sherlock whirled away, grabbing his dressing gown from the back of the bedroom door as he went.  “Come,” he said from the hall.  The sound of his rapid descent echoed up the stairs.
John stopped, ginger snap halfway to his mouth.  “Not really.  Mike and Greg.  The Royal Mail.  I’ve done a forwarding order for first-class post.  Why?”
“Oh, that is a failed experiment of mine.  It would have been fascinating, but it didn’t work,” Puck said and reached for the glass.
“Then reach back into the water and hold onto the stems.  They are very strong,” he said, sitting back.  “And they’ll like it.”
“I’ve got murals on my ceiling, stained glass and mosiacs in my bathroom,” John said and held up a finger.  “Mind, I have to sit on the toilet to shower because it’s a WC that was turned into a wet room in lieu of a couple months' rent one summer and the ‘kitchen’ is a corner sideboard with a kettle, a microwave, a two-burner hob and a mini-fridge underneath.”
“Roderick had requested Mr Braithewaite bring along two of his clerks to act as witnesses when he made the journey to Usher not long before I did.  Roderick had not wished to use any of his staff in that capacity.  He had me read the will in front of him, but would not answer my questions about the paragraphs at the bottom of the second page.  He said he was covering all contingencies upon the advice of his solicitor,” Corvus explained.
“At the moment, you are, for the most part, a female honey bee laden with so much pollen I’m surprised you managed to fly at all,” Mycroft replied.  “Had Puck been there before you?”
I had done dinner justice:  emptied silver shells of fish; made roots and sprouts, full of colour and savour, disappear; and relished a soup, so unusual in flavour I knew it had to be a concoction of Sherlock’s.  I’d given voice to my appreciation and he’d seemed pleased.
I wiped my forefinger on my shirt a few times, stuck it in my mouth then dabbed at the drop of blood.
Another woman ran from the woods, her hair already loose, her cloak streaming behind her.  She caught the first lady by the waist and spun her round, then pressed her against the oak tree with a passionate kiss.  Her cape fell.  The moonlight shone on the swell of her arse.
The last few steps were up actual stairs cut into the hillside and edged with rough-hewn timbers, and then, we were at the top.
"Private at least," Lestrade answered, throwing down a rope.  "Not sure what jurisdiction we're under at the minute.  How badly injured are you?"
“Damn my leg,” John shouted, slamming his hand down on the wood.  The tin bounced.  He glanced about.  The hall was quiet, Mrs Hudson’s door shut, its glass dark.  He turned the note over.
“You could find it on your own though,” Mrs Turner added.  “One just follows the bells.  You’d nae get lost.”
"Indeed," Sherlock replied, opening a cupboard and adding two jars to the shelves near the shower head.  "Chapalu's territory is the Manor estate, especially the house itself.  She patrols it closely, although one doesn't always see her.  She likes to use the passageways between the walls."
“We should adjourn to the laboratory,” he said and gestured towards a different direction from the way I would have gone to seek the stairway.
Was it an instruction or a plea?  I kept myself from snatching him back and squared my shoulders, opened my eyes and waited, watching him.  In these matters, he doesn’t often choose to lead.
"Ta," I replied as I backed out the doors, trying not to drop anything, but I wasn't sure that was all she was referring to.
Desultory applause brought me back to the lecture.  Questions were being taken.  I glanced to the left and right.  I shouldn’t have sat in the middle of a row.  It wasn’t worth the effort of squeezing past so many people to escape early.  I flipped the PowerPoint hand-out over and began to doodle on the blank last page.
“I didn’t understand where I was,” I continued.  “I thought I was just up on the heath, tired and drunk and seeing things.”
I burrowed beneath them and checked his toes, worked my way up his legs and found some warmth at the groin.  I rubbed my cheek against his cock, closed my mouth about its tip.  It was cool at first.  I released it, crawled up his chest and pulled the covers over our heads.
“I’ll call Jean-Pierre and tell him to contact you directly to complete arrangements, yeah?” Greg said from the doorway.  “Which flight are you taking?”
Sherlock was stood on the coffee table, deducing at breakneck speed, hands waving, dressing gown swirling, all the light in the room converging on him in a tall, bright column.
Eyes fixed on him, I lowered my chin and extended my hand a little further.  “Let’s show them, then.”
Somehow my arms were slipping into the sleeves of my dressing gown and Wiggins was arranging it on my shoulders.
John reached out for Sherlock’s shoulder with a sigh.  “They were hard, bitter months.  I thought I had died, but no one had bothered to bury me,” John said.  He glanced away.  “I would have chosen to go with you, but you’ve told me why you had to go alone and I understand.”  His hand tightened on Sherlock’s shoulder.  He looked back at Sherlock, pulled him close enough to kiss and held him there, with his hand tangled in Sherlock’s curls.
I considered Sherlock’s set jaw and pressed my lips together, so I didn’t say anything aloud that would give me away, just in case he can’t read my thoughts.  I’ve seen only a fraction of what he can do.  I know that.  Of course, his destruction would have to come from within.  I tightened my fingers between his.
Corvus covered his face for a moment then rubbed his hands down to his chin and addressed Holmes.  “I was told you would know my purpose after a glance at me.”  He almost smiled.  “I had hoped it might spare me having to explain.”
“I have no choice but to attend and I can’t do it alone.  Not anymore.”  He turned back towards the target.
He played a scale twice then let his fingers wander.  He did not recall a single song, but his fingers liked the feel of the keys beneath their tips and fragments of melody came back to him.  He pulled a pillow behind his back and leaned against the wall, the branches only a little way above his head.  He could not see the moth, but he felt the brush of its wings as it moved down his body, stinging.
Glancing back towards Spring’s window, I saw Greg holding Molly’s hand as she stepped though.  Sherlock said something further to him as Greg stepped up onto the window seat.
The dean sighed.  “The two so close together.”  He shook his head.  “I did not realise you knew the Ushers.”  He looked from Sherlock to me when there was no immediate reply.
“There was a bit about wasps and bees eating larval flies,” I said, setting down my folder and going to hang my raincoat on the sitting room door.  “But I suppose you already know all about that.”  I heard him snort.  “There were some new genetic tests discussed at another panel that I had not read about yet.”  I heard papers rustling.  When I returned to the kitchen, he was staring at my drawing.
“Not in the exact order and excluding a few unpleasant ones caused by Moriarty’s confederates, yes.”
Sherlock crushed another berry and dropped it into the cup.  “A puzzle where you hand me the key,” he sneered, “is hardly a challenge.”
I stood by, helpless, then the creature broke away, trotting back towards the trees from whence it had sprung with the branch in its mouth.
I stayed up late in the library, loathe to abandon my work until the words started to run together on my laptop screen and my weary eyes sought relief in the gentle shift of the shadows along the walls and in the far corners of the room.
Mrs Hudson was pouring boiling water into a large yellow teapot in the middle of the kitchen table.  “That was fast.”
His serpent scrabbled up to my shoulder, hissing softly.  The claws of both serpents dug into my skin when they took flight.
“You overheard some gossip?  Someone asking your interrogator about his wife in an insinuating tone?  I’m guessing you understood the language,” John continued.
“It’s funny how sometimes you see a photograph in a magazine or a painting in a museum that has someone in it that looks just like a person you know.”
We ensconced ourselves in the window seat closest to the minstrels’ gallery.  Only one of the windows was open and steps hadn’t been placed by them.  Sherlock leaned against the wall of the niche, I against the frame of the closed window.  When he’d settled his legs across my thighs, he sighed.  I curled one hand around his ankle, found the posterior tibial artery pulse point and savoured its beat.  An attendant came with a tray of food.  I looked at them and felt ravenous.  Sherlock shook his head, but I took a plate of fruit and raisins and nuts and another of sweets and sat them on the cushion by me.  I thought I could probably tempt him with the sweets after a while.
I shook my head; not if Sherlock chose to leap over it rather than open a gap in it.  Maybe why I wanted to get through mattered.
The other hearth was narrow and low.  Above and to each side metal doors of various sizes were firmly latched.  I supposed they were ovens or warming niches.  The room didn’t feel like it had ever been a kitchen, although I supposed it could have been.  The design of the ironwork was old and heavy, but I didn’t see any rust or even ash on it.  The hinges caught the light a bit – well-oiled, I thought.
The lights of the police helicopter hovering above the Tate’s forecourt illuminated the embankment in both directions and much of the southern foreshore as well.
“So, these were here last year, but I couldn’t see them or…”  I waved my hand about again.  “…feel them.”
"We need to pull this beast ashore," he said.  "One harpoon won't hold it for long against the currents."
Sherlock leaned back.  John opened his eyes.  “You’d best come down to my room, then.  I’ve been known to sleepwalk.”
With that, he pulled away, his fingertips gliding across my chest and down my arm, and then he was gone.
John looked beyond her.  Outside the firmly closed windows, bare tree branches scratched at the pale grey page of the sky.
We used to walk up the other side of the road to rugby games in the park, my schoolmates and I, peering over the cars and between the buses, whispering to one another despite the noise of the street.  What was there supposed to have been at the Manor?  I thought back.  What wasn’t there supposed to have been?
“No one else can have him.  I found him,” Sherlock said.  It was not good to talk to Mycroft in his current condition.
“Definitely.”  He sat down cross-legged on the cushion next to me and took a slice of apple from the tray.
I watched him circle the fountain, feeling uneasy each time he was out of sight on the other side of it.
Gold light obscured how we got underway, but I heard the thump of rope landing in the bottom of the skiff and felt it rock as Sherlock shoved us away from the landing.  I held the torch aside, staring away from it and opening my eyes wide until they adjusted to the gloom.
He shook his head.  “No one I recognise, but it was carelessness, not maliciousness.  Give me your foot.”
Mycroft opened a drawer beneath the table and took out a heavy silver tray which he placed in the table’s centre.  Beside it he set a vial of rock crystal with a silver-clad stopper and lastly the acorn cap with the key.  He inclined his head at Sherlock.
The ends of the hall opened; water roared through and the bodies were swept away with it.  The axes fell to the floor.  The water evaporated.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, sliding from his seat.  “Possibly one more reason why we won’t need video from the Round Pond.”  He plucked his scarf from the table, his coat from his chair.
Up to the minstrel gallery I had gone, checked the fencing room, double-checked the laboratory, scanned my bedroom, the bath, the courtyard, the upper kitchen, walked a little faster after each disappointment.  Ran.
The inside of Sherlock’s thighs were pressed against the outside of mine.  My head sagged against my upper arm.  The sun was warm on my head, his thighs cool against mine.
“I think…you’ve been preparing me to protect myself, not to help protect you,” I said and the danger connected to wearing the band became clear.  “There’s a small chance you won’t be able to defend yourself and I’d be a celibate man for the rest of my life because you wouldn’t be around to help me unlock the band.”
He pried the top sweet off, studied it a moment and put it in his mouth.  His eyebrows went up and I thought he might spit it out when he smiled and nodded at me.
I washed my hands while I was in the kitchen filling a water bottle for my hydration needs.  I dropped my jumper over a chair and left my watch and my phone on the table.  I locked both doors to the hall.  When I headed back to the bedroom, I was holding the little table from beside my chair by its pedestal, in the manner of a weapon or a shield.  It seemed to calm me to hold it like that.
The man's shirt was long and shredded, an old scar ran halfway down the inside of his bare leg, another marked his forearm.
“I got in the way and the squirrel made his escape up the tree over there, then I knelt down, opened my arms and told him he was a good boy.  With his quarry gone, a new friend was an appealing consolation prize.”  Sherlock replied, scratching behind the dog’s other ear.
He set the container from which he’d been eating atop my plate and shifted his attention to my hands, which were already shuffling the cards.
Although the jester’s path had not crossed mine again, his grating laughter reached me during pauses in the music.  My steps had not faltered, but I was pleased to rest when the next interval arrived, lest fatigue make them do so.  This time, Sherlock was willing to stop near the tables by the wall of mirrors where silver fountains of wine and mead were interspersed with tiered plates of dainties, platters of sliced meats and cheeses and wide bowls of fruit.
A faint sound issued from Sherlock’s lips.  John wrapped his arms further around Sherlock, strummed the fingers of one hand over a firm nipple.  Sherlock murmured again.
For all my internal dialoguing, I was sure I had not missed him making me an offer of the job and yet he seemed to be saying it was mine for the taking.
“I was nearly forty when I met Frank in New York, definitely old enough to have known better, but I didn’t.  He was a handsome devil,” she said, carrying on without further prodding from me.  “A real charmer and we, well, we couldn’t keep our hands off of each other.  It was years before I realised he was involved in drug dealing.  So when he got arrested for killing a few of his competitors and it looked like he was going to get off the charges because of a lack of solid evidence, I called Sherlock.  He’s always helping the police out.  He helped the Florida police out and practically walked the prosecutor through the evidence.  So Frank didn’t charm his way out of that one,” she concluded and took a long drink of tea.
I grew very calm.  “Have you lost that much blood?” I asked.  His clothes did not reveal that level of bleeding.  “Were you unconscious?”
Sherlock beat his wings against the glass.  There was space between the frame and the sill, but he couldn’t seem to quiet his wings to walk under it.
“This will be sunnier, for the most part.  There will be fresh air and exercise.  You like those things.”
The door to Ms Swann’s balcony opened.  A moment later, the sound of her piano spilled out into the night.
It was a heavy sleep that came to me as soon as my head hit my pillow.  How much time had passed when a cold draft left goosepimples along my spine I do not know, but I recognised the long, lean body that slipped into the bed and curved around my sleepy form.
An urge to taste it rose in me.  I clenched my fists by my side.  I was not going to get myself dismissed from the job before I had even started it.
John played a little higher, took another step backwards, then another until he was by his bed.  He set aside the clarinet and stretched out a hand, palm up.
We were nearly home when I realised it would have been a good time to whistle the obscuring tune.  I tried it while I was unlocking the door.  It may have been worth the effort as another night bus rumbled by.
“I had no intention of asking anything, you understand.  I had listened to all her palaver with extreme scepticism and hadn’t yet found out the things I was later to learn, although the message purportedly from Isa had been unsettling in its insightfulness into what I had observed of his character.  Still, that wouldn’t have been enough to persuade me to actively participate in her charade, and yet, I did ask a question.  The words came flying out of my mouth completely without my consent, and I asked why you had sent me away from the Fall that day.  It had hurt me terribly to think that you had chosen to face death with an enemy rather than a friend, rather than with me.”  I paused for breath.
“Ahead is a barren islet, the last land before the sea tumbles over the edge of the world.  If, instead of turning back to the night now, we fly on and land there, the dawn will come upon us soon after.  If you choose to look upon my true form in that place, you will be bound to me as inextricably as I to you, and from that bond there will be no release for either of us.”
“My father was angry that the vet said that in front of me.  I was tall for my age and he probably thought I was older than twelve.  I remember going cold, and leaning over Redbeard and whispering in his ear, ‘Change.  Change now!’  And he looked up at me, with sad, sad eyes and I realised that he couldn’t.  Because of the pain or the painkillers, I don’t know, but he couldn’t.  Right then, I realised that for a dog he was old, but for a boy he wasn’t.  They needed to do surgery, or if they had to amputate the leg, he would heal with care.  We would care for him.  I would care for him.  I’d seen three-legged animals occasionally and I begged my father to have the vet try to save him, assured him that Redbeard was stronger, and younger, than they realised.  Barely older than me, I told them.  And I was crying and ready to carry him out of the surgery to a kinder vet who would fix my best friend, but they wouldn’t let me.  They said I was hurting him by trying to move him and my father dragged me away and Redbeard was ‘put to sleep’.”
Culvert turned his eyes on me.  “You have a choice though, Doctor Watson.  You can stay behind and endure your loneliness.  Ponder how you couldn’t do anything for him.  What did you try to do?  Cut it out of him?  Is that why you’re both covered in blood?  Are you even a doctor,
The crushed stone of its surface glimmered in the moonlight, swooping past the entrance to the Manor directly below us, and disappearing into the woods again leading north.
The stitches were tiny and neat, reducing the cross-hatching of wounds to the thinnest of red lines.
His hold on me tightened and the fragrance that had suffused my morning bath rose from his skin, richer for being mixed with his sweat.  It made me dizzy, although that could have been dehydration from hours of dancing.
I wrested my gaze from his chest, followed the line of his hip down those long, long legs.  He had arranged himself coyly, genitals hidden by the shadow of a muscular thigh.  I had considered how he might be shaped.  Unlike the rest of him, I had never caught a glimpse to guide my speculations.  Is what is hidden always the most alluring?  My eyes travelled back to his face.
He reached across the ledge, fingers outstretched and curved.  When he pulled them back from the wall, they were dark with clay.  He scraped it off with a knife into something in front of him that I couldn’t see.
That had silenced me and made me think of my middle name.  Not Hamish, although I avoid using that as much as I can anyway because I’ve never liked it, but the other one, the one my nan used to call me when she sang me to sleep or looked after me when I was sick.  Come to think of it, she never said it outside, except once, when I was about to cross the lane that curved round the side and front of the house to retrieve a ball.  I had stopped, almost mid-step, so surprised was I to hear her say it, just as a car crested the hill and roared past in a fog of exhaust, making my clothes flap about me.  It had flattened my ball.  I was furious about that and had turned to express my outrage to my nan, but she was at the door of the cottage, beckoning to me.  The front garden was large, full of shrubs and flowerbeds; she would have needed to shout for me to have heard her so clearly from where she was, but she hadn’t shouted.  She’d said my name quietly and firmly just by my ear.  It had puzzled me, but somehow, she had got me a new ball by teatime and I had forgotten all about it.  Until now.
In my absence, Sherlock had rolled onto his stomach, the arm with the phone in hand stretched across the bed.  He was facing me, eyes closed.  I doubted he was asleep, but he might have gone off to his mind palace.
“Do you?” Sherlock asked from across the room.  He was holding a large, hard-bound book with the photograph of a swan on the cover.
Puck accepted the glass and stared at the gleaming gem weighing down his ear.  “Thank you, Your Majesty,” he said and tore his gaze away to look at the king.
Sherlock still had his back to her, taking his time tucking his bow away and closing the violin case.
A small bowl of beetroot, a little plate of cheese followed the salmon.  I had been very hungry and did not decline anything I was offered and in this incremental way, I was more than sated.  Between listening to anecdotes of other cases Sherlock had helped Lestrade solve, I sipped the wines slowly, the one from the round, blue bottle and the short amber one having followed the first.  I lost track of the number of dishes I sampled along with the meaning of his words and savoured the timbre of his voice as he spoke.  The combination of flavours had done something marvellous in my mouth and my brain seemed to shut down other avenues of information to accommodate the unusual abundance of gustatory sensation.
I scowled.  “Ye-es,  I...did."  An image came back to me.  “There was...a sandstorm.”  I narrowed my eyes as though trying to see through the swirling grit.  “It was red…sandstorms look like that at sunset sometimes.”
Wet warmth trickled down my thighs.  He dragged his cock back and up between my buttocks, pressed it against the tender spot and spent his last against me there.
On the opposite bank, a chattering group were being helped into their carriage.  “What kind of horses are those?” I asked, squinting.
I put the remaining cards on top of those, picked them all up and dealt us five cards each, face down.
“They mind him,” Wiggins said, “but an occasion like this doesn’t come along every day.  They’re buzzing, I can tell you, excited and a bit alarmed by the shortness of the deadline.  We usually have more time to prepare.”
I hummed in reply and touched the tip of my tongue to that delicate join where his lips come together.
“He almost succeeded,” Sherlock remarked.  “He only needed a way for the images to be viewed without being exposed to the air.”
"He may have some broken ribs," I said, catching the line and knotting it around the closer end of the rope securing Sherlock to the bench.  "Guards at the Tower let the lights go out?"
Sherlock knew he was distracting John from making a decision, but could not refrain from speaking and kissing in turn.  If he could sting around the delicate skin he kissed, make it swell and grow even more tender, the words would stop, but John’s wish was holding him in his true shape and that shape had a tongue that formed words.
Maybe it was his affirmation of danger, or the adrenalin it summoned, but I stopped thinking of my feet as separate things, of myself as a separate being.  It was the two of us against everyone else.  I pictured the pattern of the dance steps as a sigil glowing on the floor.  As Sherlock glided along its knotted contours, I breathed in his fragrance and followed.
I grimaced and gripped my arm.  When he approached from my other side, I stepped back so he could complete his circle.
I did as he suggested, wiggling forwards so my shoulders and arms hung over the gentle slope of the bank.
We heard Billy answering and leading our guest up the stairs.  We moved to the centre of the room and turned only when Billy knocked on the open door and announced Mr Corvus.
The arm disappeared, then reappeared.  The swan rose up again, neck stretched to its fullest extent.
Lestrade walked over to the limbs and winced at the exposed shoulder joint.  "All eight of them, then?"
“What matter of interest have we here?” Queen Titania enquired as she swept out from between the trees, her retinue fluttering about her.
“I thought it was a bone at first,” I said, “partly because of the rounded end and partly because I’ve been to the catacombs beneath Paris.  But it’s too shiny.”
Sherlock sat down and brought all the cards towards him.  “I know what Frank Hudson looked like when he died, and as a younger man.  I studied his police record carefully enough and it was a long one, even though they could never hold on to him.”  Rapidly, Sherlock checked the cards that were face up and turned over the ones that weren’t.  He sat up straight in the chair and turned to me.  “There aren't any of Frank; they’re all of you, John.”
Mrs Hudson shook her head.  “No, this room likes you.  Has from the start.  You should do your brewing here.”
Lord Holmes lifted his chin, eyebrows raised and glanced from Sherlock to me and back.  “Howe’er achieved, so many people are grateful that he is gone.”
“The promise of spring in the middle of winter,” she replied, smiling.  “To go with the golden apples dessert.”
I leaned forward and placed a hand on his knee.  The tingle went up my arm, fading out below my ear.  I didn’t let it sidetrack me.
Sherlock was blinking at the paper in his hand, then his fingers closed around it.  He looked over at John. “Shall we?” he said and shoved the hand clutching the paper into his pocket.
To the accompaniment of a rhythmic, metallic ting and the occasional splash, we glided forward.  "Are there fish in here?" I asked.
Sherlock led us in, long fingers wrapped firmly around my arm as we slid deeper into the thrum of conversation and song.
“Also, he wouldn’t have any leverage with them anymore.  From what Corvus says, Roderick did not especially like Adamantine, he was simply the family doctor of whom his mother had thought highly and his sister’s doctor by default more or less,” Sherlock said.
There were steps upon the stairs and a moment later, Mrs Hudson arrived with the tea tray.  Billy trailed behind with a stack of snowy serviettes with which he covered the tables next to our chairs before placing a folded linen on each.
neatly inscribed and dated below them.  The style of writing was a relic from an era when people prided themselves on their penmanship.  The dates were ones from his grandfather’s boyhood.
Sherlock lifted the drape and I read the sharp-edged letters in the stone.  “So who’s 'Lt. Albert George Simpson, Beloved', married to?” I asked.  “That’s usually written underneath.”
“How could any of us know what went on in that funny old head of his?”  She sighed.  “I’ve been glad I haven’t had to look for other tenants.  I don’t really want anyone else up here.”  She glanced over her shoulder.  “You know those things I boxed up?  I never had anyone collect them.  They’re all still sitting in the kitchen covered in dust.”
Alan’s eyes widened.  “And you’re Sherlock Holmes!”  He turned back to John.  “And you must be Dr Watson.  It’s a pleasure,” he said, extending his arm a little before drawing it back.  “Sorry.”
“The bantam?” I asked and his headdress took on more of the appearance of a coxcomb even as I stared.
John snapped it open and looked through the opera glass-sized lenses.  He whistled.  “These are powerful.”
I walked faster, eased my fingers into the lavender light and pushed the wall open far enough to peek into the room.
I halted, my breathing oddly loud.  I looked back.  The bookcase had shut.  I wet my lips and whistled a fragment of the tune.
The library looked hollow by daylight.  The hearth was cold, the shadows less substantial.  Beyond the windows, the clouds were thinning, but not enough to show any blue.
“Sherlock…”  John drew back.  His drink sat unfinished at home; there was no reason to be hallucinating.  He leaned forward.
My eyebrows went up and my gun went down.  I called urgently to Baskerville with an orderly retreat from this inexplicable scene in mind.
His palms stroked down my back, curved beneath my buttocks and lifted me onto the very tips of my toes.  “No need to be quick,” he crooned.
“Mrs Turner found it and showed it to me and then, of course, I told Gabriel and Anji,” Mrs Hudson replied.  “They both look for your updates now.  I had wondered why you wanted to know Anji’s last name.”
My hands were less full now.  I didn’t need both hands to hold them, but I didn’t shift those left to one hand.  I opened my mouth and waited for him to select another berry and bring it to my lips.
I had managed to get my arms securely under Sherlock’s arms, my forearms resting on the frame of the trapdoor.  The squared edges of the beam were digging into the inside of my other arm.  I braced another against the floor.  “Can you get one of your legs back up?”
There were numerous studies of his hands.  At rest or in motion, they mesmerise me.  That would have been very clear to anyone looking through my folder, much less Sherlock Holmes looking through my folder, although I am sure that wouldn’t be news to him.
Molly popped the tiny tart that was balanced on the top of her dish into her mouth.  She closed her eyes for a moment and swallowed.  “Boar,” she said.  “Chapalu’s been hunting.”
My hand drifted to my chest.  I pressed against the wool, felt the outline of the silver case that held several photographs instead of cigarettes.  At one time or another, they had graced the inner pocket of every coat I owned, even my smoking jacket.  They had been as a talisman to me.
He looked surprised, then leaned forward and took it off the fork.  He looked around the room as he chewed.
John heard the gentle thump of Sherlock landing on the other side of the patio fence and dashed after him.
Mycroft closed the lid, inserted the tool into the keyhole and leaned over the box.  “Locked,” he said after the first click.  “There,” he said after the ninth.  “It will open with my substitute key now.”  Mycroft withdrew the device and held the box out to Sherlock.
He stared at me over the faded gilt edges of the pages, one corner of his mouth tilting upwards.  “Valuable things,” he said, "thrown away by idiots."
I had started learning a melody that generated heat.  I was wishing I had worked on it hard enough to have already committed it to memory when Sherlock spoke.
“They must have put you up here when this was built,” I murmured, moving towards it.  I touched my palm lightly to the strings and ran my eyes over the gilt wood.  “What a beauty, you are,” I whispered and plucked a string.
Sherlock straightened and turned around, a long, green cloth over his arm.  He looked me up and down and one corner of his mouth curled up.  “This will do for you.”  He brushed my dressing gown off my shoulders and held the width of the cloth to my shoulders.  “Perfect.”   He thrust it into my hand.  “The stitchers have been busy,” he said and returned to the cupboard under the window seat.
“Your wings are strong.”  He rubbed his head against her chest.  “Your muscles are strong.  All those morning swims.”
I pushed it between my teeth with my tongue and bit into it.  A sharp, peppery flavour flooded my mouth.  My lips puckered and my eyes squinted.
His eyes were on my hands.  “Not really.  The books disappeared from the warehouse where they were stored before they could be seized by the authorities.  Shortly thereafter, the publisher sold his business and retired to France.”
A few steps from the street corner where they alit, an open archway in the wrought iron fence separating the gardens from the footpath beckoned pedestrians in.  Through it, they slipped into Meanwhile Gardens, two more shadows amidst the gloom beneath the trees.
“Bless the internet,” he said, closing his laptop.  He repacked his medical kit and the tool box he had borrowed from Mrs Hudson.  He stood, held out his hands.  “Just a nick,” he murmured.  He did not remark aloud on the absence of the tremor, barely acknowledged it silently.  It would probably be back in the morning.  He clenched his fingers and released them a couple times, pressed his lips together at what he still observed and turned towards the bathroom.
“Old habits,” she said. “What with watches and phones to tell the time, hardly anyone bothers to know where the sun and the moon are anymore.”
I looked back to the nearest wan creature.  It was a child of six or seven sleeping in his mother’s lap, his head on her shoulder.  She was stroking his hair and singing to him.
I rubbed my hand over my face and let out a long breath.  “No, no, only a dream.  Not even one I can recall that clearly, there was only a flash of it.”  That I had felt with my whole body.  Fortunately, I was seated.
“What a good boy you are,” Sherlock said.  “Fast, too, but you weren’t ever going to catch that squirrel.”
The curtains fluttered to either side of him and a ball of newspaper fell to the floor.  A wave of mildew-scented air washed over me.
Sherlock was lifting lids and revealing plates of cold beef and cheese, tomatoes and onions and small loaves of bread.  “Eat, John,” he said.  “I don’t think tonight’s case was an isolated incident.  We saved Ms Dunbar, but I believe there will be others.”  He tapped the top bookshelf next to the fireplace.  “Tomorrow, I should like you to begin reviewing these.  Skim until you find the deviations from the familiar medical symptoms.  It may prove useful to us in the coming weeks.”
I peered about me.  The lamps had been extinguished, the room was a vast expanse of shadows striped with moonlight.  All the windows to the terrace were open.  A pale rectangle at the far end where doors led to the double staircase stood open as well.
“Good,” Mycroft said.  “Reports at regular intervals, nothing indiscreet.”  Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Puck and lowered his brows for an instant.  “And mind you are not caught or...”  Mycroft flicked his own earlobe.
“Corvus had his housekeeper prepare a room for us this morning.  It seems he planned to keep us with him from the outset.  She was kind enough to explain when she came by on her way to light the fire a half hour ago.  By now, any chill open windows might have left behind should be thoroughly banished.”
Instead, when Mr Holmes sat, the dog followed calmly and rested his huge head on the arm of the chair.  After a sip of the tea Mrs Hudson handed him, Mr Holmes set it aside and resumed stroking the dog’s head.  Baskerville closed his eyes and thumped his tail against the carpet.
I’m not an orthopaedic surgeon, but Mike is, and a damn good one, and he couldn’t resolve her problem completely.
That was an unusual statement.  I turned my head to look over my shoulder at him.  “You misjudged your parents’ awareness of our living arrangements and certain consequences flowing from that – what else?”
I had not been sleeping well.  When I started to dream, I would awaken.  I was mad that he had left me behind again.  Perhaps I was not ready to go along, but I was still angry and so I deprived myself of the feeling of his arms around me at night.  Wherever he was, he was thinking of me.  At least that was what I thought the dreams meant.  Maybe they only meant that I was thinking of him.
There was a suggestion of a smile on Sherlock’s lips and I was enjoying the sense of having acquitted myself adequately when at his elbow appeared a man wearing one of the crowns I had seen from the stairs.  It was heavy gold ringed with round rubies and sapphires – or red and blue glass.  He was of my height and holding a scarlet half mask over his face.  Sherlock’s smile faded quite away.
The coal black horses pranced, too high-spirited for a harness, they looked as though they should be rounding the turn of a race course, far ahead of the field.  The driver, decked in solemn livery, sought to quiet them with quieter words than he had used to bring them to a halt.  The carriage matched its steeds, its brass fittings and the varnish of its wood shining in the few weak rays of the sun that had succeeded in piercing the overhanging clouds.  It was a conveyance from an earlier day, preserved as though in amber.
“I didn’t work here when I was young, but all my grandparents did.  Da, my mother’s father, was the head gardener and Nan did what I do now, the undergardener was Papa’s father and his mother was the pastry cook.  Mrs Turner’s mother was the cook,” she said, smiling again.  “We were all born at the Manor.”
“Show me your true shape,” John said, sitting and leaning back until he was flat on the bed.  He set his finger on his cheek.
Blood trickled down my arm.  A red tongue darted over my skin, removing every drop, then the creature wielding it stretched out and bit behind the head of Sherlock’s serpent.  Its tail twitched as it was dragged from Sherlock’s neck and dropped to the floor.
“Golden rose!” Sherlock exclaimed around the edge of the door.  He slipped past it and shut out the blue light of the lab behind him.  “What is the occasion?”
“’I would like to know whether Isa is at peace now.  Whether the cravings have finally gone away,’ Kate had replied.
We ate in the kitchen to avoid the mouldy aroma of the sitting room, and Sherlock translated excerpts from
“That’s quite a step back in time from the headline about Thatcher's election I found.”  I unfolded another layer from around my bundle.
I gathered the cards spread out before me into a pile and turned them over.  “The key was in the box.”
Mrs Hudson shook her head.  “Not at all,” she said, patting John’s arm and leaving a flour print behind.  “Sorry, dear.  I needed one of my plates the other day.  It was on the floor by the hearth, and so was one of your little people, mostly hidden by the leaves and rocks at the edge of the stream,” she said and tapped the side of her nose.  She left flour behind there, too.  “I’ve always put milk out for them with a bit of honey in it.  My nan did, too.  Brings luck, you know.”
“If people haven’t returned from a journey, or a battle, or a sea voyage, a possession dropped into the fire that brings no shape, means they haven’t died,” Sherlock explained.
“While I was listening, the eye I could see opened and you looked straight at me.”  I didn’t describe how soft the look had been, but Sherlock could probably deduce that from my expression.
The sound of coughing echoed about me, the clang of swords and the thud of bodies falling to the flag-lined floor.
I swallowed and swallowed, my finger curling inside him with each pulse.  My other arm grasped more firmly about his hip, steadied him as his muscles unwound.  I eased away, kissed his stomach, stroked his thigh.  I took half a step back.
In the event that at the time of my death any Ward for whom I have the power to appoint a Successor Guardian shall not have attained the age of twenty-one years, then and in that event, I name, constitute and appoint my only sister, Madeline Anabel Lenore Usher, as Successor Guardian of the Person of said Ward or Wards, with all the powers, duties, privileges and liabilities of a Guardian under the Laws of England and Wales.
Holmes set the newspaper aside, folded his hands, resting them in the cradle formed by his crossed-legs, and set his gaze upon me.  “Present your evidence then, John.”
“It’s too late to go through all the details of your position tonight; we can do that tomorrow.  However, you should know that there is one crucial prerequisite to a successful completion of the probationary period…” he said and paused.
“I know way more about swan lore than I ever imagined I would,” John said to the recumbent form on the sofa with the laptop open on his chest.  “Want tea before we go?”  He ambled across the room.  “I know I need some.”  He clicked on the kettle and carried on to the loo.  “We should be heading out soon.”
The heavens were growing pale when we reached the northwestern gate.  The walls of the fortress loomed to the north and the skies above us were nearly clear of the rain clouds that had been drifting south as we had crossed the city.  We had been told that the gates would open with the dawn, so our wait would not be long.  Combined with the fact that the storm had held off, I was feeling surprisingly well for having spent a sleepless night, chilled and damp.
He could leave John’s head uncovered, so he could taste that red mouth, sting about its edges, drink a tear if John cried.  He would shout, Sherlock supposed.
I thought Holmes might dismiss them with a suggestion that I would serve, but he allowed Mrs Hudson to take her time preparing our cups and dividing up the platter of cakes for Billy to distribute round the room.  She left with a sympathetic smile for our guest before closing the door quietly after her.
“Now, I understand the music,” John said.  “My span will be brief, you feel the sadness of my leaving you already.”
The image that I had in mind for this setting is from Corot's Bacchanal at the Spring, which can be viewed at Wikicommons
“Not your usual thorn, then,” I commented, taking the shoe off my other foot and slipping it into the water by its wounded mate.  “This helps.”
“Oh, John, we have so much to do once we have the manor back to ourselves.”  One long leg arced over my head.
“Come.  I will show you an even more peaceful place.”  He held out his hand, his smile bright beneath the shadow of his cap.
“I was as fearful as I have ever been,” I declared.  “As much as when I ran back up that rocky path leading to the Fall.”
He was descending a ladder, slid over the last few rungs and hurried along the gravel to the torso.  He stared for an instant and took out his phone.  "Shit," he muttered, "answer me."
"The reason you haven't been able to identify any of the bodies, much less apprehend their executioners, is that the victims did not die here," Sherlock said, walking about the leg and arm.
“It should have protected you from those,” he muttered, pulling the long thorn from my instep, “unless…”
“Keep breathing, John,” Sherlock murmured.  He walked down the bricks and onto the frame of the window, releasing minute quantities of chemical into the air as he went.  “Sleep now.”  He peeked around the corner of the casement.
I whistled at the gate when we drew near.  As it swung open, chain hanging down and dragging along the asphalt, I noticed the padlock on the ground.  It had not occurred to me that my spell did not include locking and unlocking, merely opening and closing.
“Meredith boxed everything up and went to Australia to visit a cousin shortly after the funeral.  I have a feeling she won’t be coming back, but she could.  Her old rooms are empty.  She was the last of the musicians, you see.  She’d give me pointers on my playing.  She plays like an angel, although it was Dr Hooper’s first wife who taught me how to play the harp.  She died in a motor accident down on Marylebone Road, but that was after we had moved away.  I still hear her voice if I pluck a wrong note,” Mrs Hudson added.
Sherlock pulled me round to face him, his hands sliding from my shoulders to either side of my face.  “Anything else?” he asked, turning with me in a circle.
I looked towards the moon, snowy above the fire.  A breeze gusted through the clearing.  The flames leapt higher.
All of it had its effect on me.  I put out my hand to steady myself against the table.  He knows he can do this to me.
Siròc landed on my shoe and dropped my phone between my legs.  She fixed an eye on me from her perch then fluttered towards Baskerville.
“They are complicated designs.”  He slipped a finger between my buttocks, lingering here and there, pressing softly.
I felt him securing more ribbons at my wrists.  I was going to be quite the maypole by the time I was dressed if we kept on at the same rate.  I stretched out the arm whose sleeve ribbons had been tied and noted the drape of the very full sleeve.  They’d be great for gesticulating while delivering a speech I supposed, but not so grand for climbing trees or vaulting fences.  I examined the long ruffled cuff closed by the three bands of ribbon and the small opening below where the sides of the cuff had been drawn together.
John took a drink of the tepid tea and got to his feet.  Some swaying was involved in circumventing the coffee table.  He stopped behind Sherlock.  “What?” he mumbled.
“I left it in the lab, I think,” he said from where he leaned over my shoulder, reading the notes I was typing up on my research.
“Your blood always works a treat,” he replied.  “I still haven’t identified exactly why.”  He reached past me.
“Don’t go back to sleep yet, John,” Sherlock said, somewhere behind me.  “You need to drink something first.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry about, Ms Swann.  Our dreams sometimes inform us of things we’ve observed unconsciously while awake.  They are worth examining.  Please proceed,” Sherlock replied.
John grasped at Sherlock’s hip with an oily hand and guided Sherlock closer.  “Just feel it for a while,” John said as Sherlock settled astride his thighs.
John backed away from the window, the moonlight full upon him.  More than his hand was shaking.  “New nightmares,” he groaned, eyes darting around his room.  “Don’t infect this place.  Leave the blood on the sand.”  His leg buckled.  He stumbled, reached out for the casement and sagged against the wall next to it, panting.
I had not bothered tying my dressing gown and he appeared to be taking in all that there was to see.  I am not shy and stared right back at him.  He looked far less scruffy than usual.  His typical stubble had grown in and been neatly trimmed into a moustache and goatee.  His hair, too, looked longer and shinier.  It had been pulled back.  I’d never seen it like that and considered how long it had been since I’d actually laid eyes on him.  His clothing, too, was unusual, a black suit that didn’t hang off him and a button down grey shirt with just the collar button open.  He looked like he’d come from a job interview.  I glanced at his jacket pockets to see if a hastily removed tie was half hanging out.  I might have laughed at the idea, if his eyes weren’t still roving over me.
“The longer you stay, the closer our bond,” he continued, eyes on the turning blades. “Before it becomes too firm, others must be given a chance to woo you away from me.”
I had donated a vial the night before.  “Sure,” I replied.  “Let me wash.  I left my cardigan on the back of one of the kitchen chairs and rolled up my sleeves.  “Only be a moment,” I added because he was standing very still and it made the room too quiet.
I considered the career I had had.  The thousands of lives that had been placed in my hands.  Would having only a few to care for be enough for me?
“Going by his behaviour while he was alive, I strain to picture how further correspondence with her husband would be likely to soothe Mrs Whitney.”
“He reminded me of our dog - when we were young,” Sherlock said, "plus I recognised him from the video and concluded that the swan we observed had already arrived at the Pond.”
Spring’s colours glowed brightly around the figure of a beribboned Molly frozen mid-dance, illuminated by he rays of an evening sun still shining between Spring’s hills.
I blinked.  I sniffed the tea.  I’d opened a new box of teabags to make it.  Sherlock couldn’t have done anything to them, could he have?
I rubbed my hand over my face.  “They thought I was going to die,” I said.  “The fever was extremely high.  When I was better, I managed to get a look at my medical records.  Everything they were giving me, to bring the fever down, seemed to be doing the opposite.  Palliative care was prescribed.  And then, the fever broke and I regained consciousness.”  I took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  “What was left of me anyway.”
should have an epilogue, primarily to provide the scene after the reunion.  Several kind readers expressed their agreement with that notion, which was a great encouragement to actually get it written!  Thank you all!  :-D
The house door was open when I made it up the walkway.  I could hear Sherlock’s steps on the stairs.  It sounded like he was taking them two at a time.  I closed the door and trudged up.  I wasn’t sure what he was talking about.
“Well, if seeing my hair in curlers was what she was curious about, then she went away satisfied.  Otherwise, no,” Mrs Hudson said.  “I had reporters, you know, lurking around here for months.  They tried all sorts of things to get information from me.  I thought it odd that one would pop up after all this time, but she seemed like one of them.”
The seconds stretched out; the pressure increased.  My toes curled in my soft new shoes and I shouted so loudly I’m sure my voice carried up the chimney and frightened the pigeons.
Setting the glass pot aside, she picked up a scratched and dented one, turning it around in her hands and smiling at it.  “As you can see, this one gets used a lot.  It’s tin and fine for mixtures with only a few, plain ingredients.  Heats them quickly and evenly, but mind you use a cloth or thick glove to hold the handle as it’s tin, too.”
“They held their breath while I flew, their eyes fixed upon me,” Sherlock said, spreading his gaudy orange and black wings and bowing in Mycroft’s direction.  “And when I alit on the stage and bowed, they leapt up with wild applause, so I did it again.”  Sherlock folded his dark-banded wings and re-opened ones of white and yellow.  “They were definitely aroused.”
I smiled.  It’s always a pleasure to have Sherlock’s attention.  “Not the same species, but, years ago in the Caribbean, I saw a green one from a train window.”
I pushed up and rolled him over.  His eyes were gleaming, his lips were swollen.  My knees tightened on either side of his hips, my forearms at his shoulders.  I leaned down and breathed in the scent of blood and fruit on his breath.  “They could not,” I said, hovering above his mouth, “even come close.”
A strong voice joined Kit and then a deeper voice, but I couldn’t tell which was Bert and which Wiggins, although the singing clearly came from them.
The grey light dimmed further.  I looked up.  Dark clouds were gathering above us, the moon nearly hidden now, like the sun.
I could go out, but the day is drizzly and grey and we have milk.  I did a laundry and the washing up.  The flat doesn’t need cleaning.  Mrs Hudson, who is avowedly not our housekeeper, uses days when Sherlock and I are away to conduct commando cleaning raids.  We were out for most of yesterday.  The flat is spotless.
The music ceased.  The door slid closed and the sitting room light went out.  A moment later, the shade over the bedroom window began to glow.
“There’s music,” I said, “over there.”  I attempted to point, but my arm had fallen asleep as well, so the motion was more a flopping in the general direction of the sounds.  I wiggled my fingers.  The plants had let go, except for one tendril I could still feel around one wrist.  As I continued to flex my fingers, it slipped away.  Apparently, they didn’t bear me a grudge for my pruning.
I complied and opened my eyes, but feigned an interest in my final disrobing rather than meet Sherlock’s penetrating glance.
Sherlock spoke, his voice deeper than his usual conversational tone.  His Latin was too fast for me, but I caught the words for cart, fish, feast and fort.
