“I went to the sorceress’ holding cell and had her cast the truth spell on me,” Tony repeats, face doing an odd twitch that suggests he wasn’t planning to repeat the answer word-for-word.
“This can’t be how you wanted tonight to go.”
“Rhodes.”
Then Tony realizes that Steve’s hair has been damp when coming to retrieve him in the evenings. He’s noticed each individual time, of course--wet Steve is always a good look--but he isn’t suspicious until it’s happened multiple times in a row. Steve always takes morning showers, sometimes another shower later after particularly strenuous trainings or battles. He’s not an evening-shower person. But when Tony comments on it, Steve claims he “got caught in the rain”, or had a heavy workout with Bucky, and needed to shower after.
The punishment from his handlers is worse.
But he’s always going to come when Tony calls, so he’s here now.
Tony looked up from his designs at the other end of the workshop. “You okay, sweetheart?”
“I--yes.  Well, I like other humans, like our--your--friends, but it’s you I--”
Steve was a little surprised when Peter asked him to play a game of catch on the Tower’s roof. It had been a while since his son had wanted to throw a baseball around, but since Peter had been so busy lately with classes and extracurriculars and everything, Steve was glad to spend some time with him for once.
“Of course,” Natasha agrees easily, “And it’s up to you if you want to clear up more details in your answer or leave some of the mystery.”
out. We’re not gonna let you pay!” Bucky protested.
On one of the arms was the text “COF-E”.
“Was sort of expecting an answer, here...?” Steve prompted.
be a little overboard, but I’m me, so...”
“Skrull,” Tony replied, and the Skrull had the audacity to flinch.
Not really Yinsen, of course. Yinsen is dead, his body not even buried before Tony blew the camp to hell before his brief flight.
He’d known he’d never fit into a normal public school after spending years at elite boarding schools, where the bullying was all tough talk about parents’ money and power, rather than physical intimidation or violence. Unfortunately, until Tony’s dad was exonerated from the dirty business dealings found in Stark Industries’ files, most of the Starks’ assets were frozen and they couldn’t afford to keep Tony at the Academy.
The smoke isn’t coming from the crash, but from a small campfire a little ways away. Sheltered up against one detached wing of the plane, under a blanket that doesn’t look nearly thick enough for this weather, two familiar figures sit huddled together.
The big guy who’d just crushed Tony’s flower laughed. “Get out of here, Rogers, this doesn’t concern you.”
He’d been expecting reassurance from Tony, not anger, though letting it slip that Steve had gone with the spell intentionally probably didn’t help.
In just one night, he gets to know Tony better than he knows anyone else in this century--possibly even better than he’s known anyone but his ma and Bucky. (Telling Tony about Bucky is the closest Steve comes to crying during their talk.)
“Peter’s other father,” Steve answered the paramedic, who seemed appeased.
High school boys enjoying ice cream on their first date.
Yinsen saves Tony one more time.
“Legend says your birthday is the Fourth of July.”  (“True.”)
And of course, Tony just keeps pressing. “What’s something I do that bothers you?”
“So.” Tony glared at the ground near Steve, unable to bring himself to even look at the other man.
Bucky returns from a mission and is surprised by Tony’s latest project.
Steve stared. Tony’s posture was loose, easy. He didn’t seem to be hiding residual anger, forcing himself to forgive for the benefit of team dynamics. He just seemed... blank.
Or maybe he’d just always hated the cold.
“Well, Bucky,” Tony said, placing the supplies on the desk, “Let’s see what you can do.”
As he flags down the waiter and places his new order, Tony stares at him. “You don’t like soup,” he says suspiciously.
He looks at Bruce apologetically. “Sorry, Bruce. I can eat it.” It’s true; he eats it every time Bruce makes it. Having been a child of the Great Depression--as well as a child of Sarah Rogers--he eats what he’s given without complaint.
“I’m fine,” he answers, but can’t hold back a grimace and he knows his lovers don’t believe him. Testing his elbow and deciding it’s bruised at most, he adds, “Nothing broken. But I’m done with that bed.”
There was a pause longer than Bucky was comfortable with, and the answer didn’t reassure him, either. “No repulsors... Laser...?”
Soon he was closing it up and turning the radio upright. He glanced up at Tony.
“I... may have brought you a flower that reminded me of you. From the alien planet.”
James makes an appointment at Stark Industries, then shows up at Tony’s office at the designated time.
Across the room, Tony barked out a laugh at something Rhodey had said, his eyes crinkling with genuine pleasure.
Tony pulls back a bit--still close enough that Steve can keep his hands on Tony’s shoulders--and looks up at him through wet lashes. Then he seems to notice his nose is running from crying, and gives such a look of disgust that Steve almost wants to laugh, the emotion a refreshingly light counterpoint to the deeper emotions they’re dealing with.
“I love you.” Steve is startled by his own sudden admission.
The truth is, he’ll still have bad days. But right now, in this moment, kissing Tony makes him happy to be alive.
Steve’s getting ready for bed--well, for laying in bed, hoping he falls asleep and doesn’t dream, but also tonight hoping the humiliating spell will have worn off by morning--when he hears a knock on the door.
you,” Tony joked, gesturing to his still-damp shirt. “Though I’d be happy to lick it
He was just starting to tense up for his final chance before they got him in the chair, when he heard it.
“You didn’t even have your shield! You’re damn lucky that spell didn’t do anything to you. Do you even care about your own life?”
He clearly failed, as Bucky quickly added, “--Yet! You can’t see it
Cap says, nobody listens to me...”
“And you’ve gotten Tony’s permission to have these here?” Natasha is sure she knows the answer to that. Tony and Steve have been out of town on a romantic getaway for a few days, and she highly doubts Thor and Clint thought to discuss this with the man who is technically their landlord in advance.
true about that, but she doesn’t say anything more.)
“Hey,” Steve greets him, voice quiet as seems appropriate in the dimmed nighttime lighting. “Welcome back.”
“Buck, we can’t just invite ourselves--”
“You have something?”
She waits, and soon he’s breathing normally again, tear tracks still streaking his face and making his eyes feel gummy.
He tucks himself under the edge of the blanket that’s left, rests his forehead against Bucky’s back, and drifts off again.
“You!” she shouts. “You killed my husband!”
“Don’t you know,” Steve says, lifting the front of his own shirt to show Tony what very few people have seen, the words that had brought him such duress cut by the scar of his own heart surgery, “That you shouldn’t ride a roller coaster if you have heart trouble?” He grins wryly at Tony.
Steve wasn’t afraid of the dark.
is not what I’m after.”
After a week, Tony finally puts the pieces together. At least, he has a hypothesis to test.
“Was that seriously what all this was about? You thought I wouldn’t want you like this?”
Tony laughed, then licked Bucky’s cheek clean.
“Sweetheart,
“You okay, Pete?” Steve asked in concern.
“Drink?”
He was about to stand back up when he felt a soft weight settle over his shoulders and back. Suddenly, there was protection from the wind, the cold of his soaking jacket not so bad. What...?
He speeds toward it, pushing the armor to its top speed, and hope surges as he realizes the trees in this direction have branches missing or pushed back in a distinct path, just as he’d been looking for.
now?”
“You might have the others fooled, but not me,” Tony said. “Well, probably not Natasha, but I think she’s cut from the same ‘If I don’t show it, the pain doesn’t count’ cloth as you are. Point is, you’re in pain, I don’t like it, and I don’t know why you won’t let me take care of you.”
in concern, and Steve realizes his breathing is fast and uneven, and he forces himself to calm because this is about
He almost expects Tony to wake up at that and call him an idiot. But it doesn’t happen.
“She was apparently going in to save her kittens,” Steve continued, “So Peter helped out, somehow getting them all into his backpack and getting almost to the door before the fire blocked him. That’s when we came in, so thankfully he wasn’t in there for very long.”
Tony was acting differently around.
So far, Tony seemed amenable to dating both of them, if charmingly bewildered that they were interested in him. But who wouldn’t be interested in the adorable, witty, generous genius?
“I meant--” Steve tries to say, but the words just stop. “I didn’t--” The rest refuses to come out, not because he doesn’t know what he plans to say, but because something seems to be physically preventing him from denying his previous reply.
“Guess you’re lucky I was in the neighborhood,” Tony replied casually, not giving voice to the strange and terrifying thoughts suddenly racing through his mind.
Instead, Tony just said, “Right. Cap. Welcome back.” There was no emotion in the words, no hint that he was trying to hide pain or relief or annoyance. Nothing.
Or rather, he wound up and prepared to throw, but didn’t actually let go of the ball.
The world was still swaying a bit, but now there was only one Bucky, crouched over him, flesh hand resting on Tony’s armored chest. “Just stay still, okay?”
“You will not even attempt to honor a dying man’s wish?”
Steve squeezed him tighter. “I thought you were--”
“I’ve had worse paper cuts,” Tony dismisses. “I’m more pissed about the jacket, really, do you have any idea how much this cost?”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, now looking relieved but fondly exasperated (which is a look Tony’s grown accustomed to since he’s joined their relationship). “You don’t need to buy us a bigger bed, or tear out walls.”
Steve is startled, not only by the words but the emotion behind them. “Wh--” he starts to ask a question, then stops himself, grateful the spell doesn’t force him to say everything he considers saying--forcing responses is bad enough. “I want to ask you something.”
Tony gives a humorless laugh.
Bucky pulled Tony in and hugged him tightly with his metal arm, weapon hanging loosely in his right. “I’ll come back for you.”
The answer was expected, but shook something in Tony’s heart anyway.  He nodded.  “Okay.  So you just seduced me to keep me distracted, then, huh?”
“Help him,” Maria insists. “You know you need to save him.”
And then his gaze moved on, and Steve saw a quickly-hidden look of pain when Tony looked at Natasha. “Welcome back, everyone. Or, welcome for the first time, Terminator, Ant-Guy.”
“Uh, doll, you’re supposed to swing,” Bucky said from behind him, as he tossed the ball back to Steve on the pitcher’s mound.
“Me,” Barnes said. Then, quieter, “I don’t need two arms to be someone’s second.”
“I don’t believe you.”
Eventually Steve lowers the hammer, chest heaving with apparent exertion, and finally notices Tony. His eyes widen, then he grins his most adorable “aw, shucks, I’ve been caught” guilty grin.
“Thanks.” As always, Bruce’s smile looks like he’s not sure he deserves the praise, but it really is impressive what he’s managed to put together in less than a day.
“For letting you think I might. For hurting you enough that you thought this was the only way. For making you doubt that I love you.”
It’s not a mountain. It’s barely a change in elevation.
It’s a truth spell. Steve doesn’t know why that sounds so ridiculous, considering he’s a serum-powered supersoldier who woke up decades in the future and fights villains with a team including an alien and a man who turns big and green when angry, but a “truth spell” just sounds... silly.
Steve looks down, then raises just his eyes and god, Tony loves it when Steve looks through his lashes at him like that, and it’s even prettier with the tiny droplets of water on said lashes. “Maybe a little.” There’s a fond smile on his face.
Then a dark blur appeared in front of the brick-and-sky blur he’d been watching. When he tried to focus, the new blur partially resolved, into about three Buckys, all floating constantly to the left while staying within his vision.
Hmm. Was it bigger than it had been before?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Legend says you made the Howling Commandos do fifty push-ups for swearing.” (“Partly true.”) (Steve adds, “It was only when they did it in front of kids. The punishment made the kids laugh, which was something a lot of them needed...”)
“Oh... Huh.” Right. Magic. “Well, if you need true love’s kiss, I’m afraid I don’t believe in love at first sight, and I don’t have a clue as to how to find your true love, if they’re out there somewhere. But if it’s just any kiss, then...”
“To see if we could make your life better.” Tony looks away.
“Good. If I wanted a pity hire, I would’ve hired Justin Hammer.”
Steve shrugs, rubbing the back of his neck, water still dripping everywhere. “Yeah, he apparently noticed the hammer had been moved, so he got suspicious and caught me. But he told me he was fine with it,”--Tony suspects that’s an understatement--“And told me to keep practicing with it. I figure it’ll be good to know what I’m doing just in case it’s ever necessary.”
It’s been four weeks since their other lover, Bucky, was killed aboard one of the Chitauri ships. Four weeks since they failed to even bring back his body, to properly mourn. Tony hadn’t wanted to lose both of them, he’d said in his final message to Steve, so if someone was going on a probable suicide mission it would be him.
Tony discovers the cause of the recent storms.
is not what I’m after.”
A proposal doesn’t go as planned. (Tony/Bucky edition.)
Steve put down the gauntlet and stared at the schematics Tony was flipping through, swallowing hard around a lump in his throat.
“Sorry, can’t. Capybara’s on me,” Tony grumbles from the couch, where he is indeed pinned by a Great-Dane-sized rodent who no longer wears full Captain America garb but still sleeps with his tiny shield. “It’s not my fault Thor didn’t warn me these things were going to become ROUSes.”
Tracking device with a signal of some sort? “Huh. That’s conveni--” Bucky interrupted himself as the other man swayed while standing back up, catching him and then guiding him so they were both sitting on a nearby rock. “Whoa there, how about
“You really want us to beat you into the ground again?” the other bully threatened.
That didn’t stop him from eyeing every passerby, wondering if that baby carriage was empty, if this runner was going to stop right in front of him.  It probably wouldn’t be someone with a dog, right?
In the men’s room, Tony refuses Steve’s help to take off the jacket. He removes it, folding it and looking at it with a pout before placing it on the counter.
He scans the landscape of pines and snow, seeking out any sign of damaged limbs, disturbed snow, anything that might indicate a nearby plane crash.
Together.
Tony’s other good friend, Dr. Banner, had different thoughts.
There’s an intensity in Tony’s eyes, but his voice is barely a whisper when he responds, “Okay.” Then his eyes flutter and a yawn overtakes him, his exhaustion catching up to him.
Jarvis’ eyes soften a little. He doesn’t look surprised, though Tony is pretty sure the principal hadn’t known there had been anyone else involved. Tony certainly didn’t mention them, and he figures the attackers probably won’t have confessed to their own wrongdoing. “Defending others is noble, but you should have gotten an adult instead.”
Once he did, she began, “I talked to Pepper. Have you heard of Hanahaki Disease?”
She can evidently tell something’s happening, because she turns to James. “Thank you, James. For everything.”
“Really. And was that you could spend more time in bed with me?” Tony waggled his eyebrows.
!” Tony bursts out, eyes now drilling into him. “You have the team, you have me--I know we’re not the ones you want but you have us and we want to help!”
“Understandable,” James agrees. “Thank you for seeing me, Mr. Stark.”
He’s talking to Tony now, of course, but it’s not entirely of his own volition--though he could probably kick Tony out, or go in his bedroom and lock the door. Still, he’s surprised to find himself answering, “I think I could talk to you.”
“I wanted to get you something special,” Tony said, heart pounding as he waited for Bucky to find the item that was more special than plums.
Tony pouted. “Spoilsport,” he grumbled, then turned back into position. When Bucky and Steve had suggested some “private lessons” in addition to the full team practices they’d been having since the circus people Clint had grown up with had challenged the Avengers to a baseball game (how insane was that?), Tony hadn’t realized they’d meant, like,
“Thank you,” Tony whispers, and clutches the letter to his chest. For a moment, it almost seems as if he’s leaning into his mother’s hand at his cheek.
Bucky and Steve had been planning to woo Tony slowly over the course of their senior year. They hadn’t realized until the end of their junior year that the genius was actually graduating already, headed off to MIT come fall. So they’d had to rush their courtship, asking Tony for this first date the week school got out, and hoping a summer of dating might continue into a long-distance relationship, if all went well.
“Okay, I’m not sure this is going to convince Tony,” Clint tells Natasha, adding the finishing touch of the crochet shield to the back of the storelska now dressed in a tiny Captain America uniform. The other animal sniffs at its friend, more curious about the other’s new garments than the red and yellow Iron Man armor it has already been granted. The colors should clash with the purple fur, but somehow the effect works anyway. “But these outfits are pretty sweet, Bruce.”
Bucky tried to appear defeated, knowing he’d only get one shot at getting free. There were still so many goons around it was probably hopeless, but he had to try. Maybe he could at least get himself shot; he’d rather die than become a merciless killer again.
! Such a sweet young servant boy, now engaging in high seas robbery and treasure hunting!” There was no judgement in Tony’s voice, just surprise and amusement.
And it looks like they got things together right on time, as JARVIS announces, “Pardon me, but Sir and Captain Rogers have just entered the elevator.” Thankfully the AI agreed not to notify Tony of the newest residents before his return home, so long as they posed no threat to people or property.
“Never do that again, understood? And you know we’re not keeping them, right?”
“...Oh.”
And Steve realized it was only
His face started elongating, his ears growing pointed and shifting toward the top of his head. His long brown hair shortened into grey fur, matching the fur overtaking his bare shoulders, darker than the white fur growing over his face, arms, and legs. Bucky let out a low moan, not quite a howl, as he bent forward, arms eerily shortening as he went from bipedal to quadrupedal.
Bucky woke to a blaring alarm. He was up more quickly than his boyfriend, already throwing on clothes over his boxers as Tony asked, “JARVIS, what’s goin’ on?”
“Oh.” That stung, but Tony tried not to let it show.
Tony briefly reappeared, covering them both with a blanket, then disappeared again. Steve lay his head on Bucky’s shoulder, starting to warm up but still feeling the edge of cold in his bones.
“Don’t look at me like that,” Tony protests. “My bed is bigger, we can all fit easily. Or I’ll get you a new bigger bed, might be a bit cramped in here, but we can have the room expanded--”
The being who was not Steve.
Bucky ducked his head, cheeks pink. “Maybe I just didn’t want to get you coffee anymore,” he claimed.
“What parts need replacement?” Tony asked.
Steve wanted to ask how long he’d been in the workshop, but figured he didn’t have the right anymore. Besides, he had to push through to what he needed to say. “I--I need to apologize.”
Tony pursed his lips. “I know.”
Tony is more interested in his boyfriends in baseball uniforms than in practice.
“It worked...” the man said in awe. “I never expected... thank you.”
A slight nod of Tony’s head is accompanied by arms shakily reaching out, so Steve shifts forward to hold his crying lover tightly against his chest. He’s distantly relieved that his dick has finally realized this is not the time for more action. He focuses on holding Tony, rubbing his back in constant circles, pressing kisses into his hair, murmuring calming nonsense interspersed with “I love you”s.
"Cap…."
“Yes! I am his mother. I had fed him my milk. I made sure he had peaceful sleep at night by sacrificing my own happiness. I was the one who protected the Emperor for a very long time from all the dangers in the world. As long as I was with him, no force was even able to harm him. When he was child, Steve was attacked with an arrow. I took the arrow to my chest and saved him. If anyone tries to come between me and Steve, I will destroy them! I have kept him from the world’s harmful eye. And you think I would leave him exposed to your poisonous sight? Never!”
Tony was shocked. He was beyond shocked. This couldn’t be happening. Tony didn’t know how to handle this. He was not ready.
“So you did not leave because you were angry at me?.” Said Tony, small hope lighting his eyes. Did Steve mention his Omega was beautiful?
I know these are heavy themes but our poor Tony is having a hard time. Also they finally meet in this one so yay!
The sword made a swishing sound as it cut through the air. The Emperor performed some impressive manoeuvres some of which Rhodey had taught Tony and some which were entirely foreign to him. He guessed that the Emperor probably designed them himself. He moved his sword with such speed, accuracy and confidence that Tony found himself in a reverie. With his back to Tony, the Emperor widened his stance, spread his hands out, with the sword pointed straight at an invisible enemy. His rippling muscles flexed with the movement.
“Easy… take small sips.” Tony looked up and saw Steve looking down at him with concern and frustration in his eyes.
CHAPTER 2
Tony sat up. “A feast? In my honour?” Tony asked disbelief colouring his voice. The Emperor was finally taking the reins into his own hands.
“Is everything alright, Tony?” Pepper asked standing behind him.
I will reply to all the comments very soon.
Tony bent low to touch his mother-in-law’s feet – the traditional Western way of greeting those who were most respected. He knew that it might seem a little outlandish to every one present there, but he was proud to display a few fragments of his own culture.
“Why me?” he whispered into his mother’s hair and Tony broke down completely.
“Wait!”
The mission had been simple. Kill the witch and save the civilians. Everyone and everything was going according to Steve's plan until - Tony happened. In an attempt to subdue the witch quickly, Tony had taken a huge risk, deviated from the plan and gotten hit by the energy ball, the witch had thrown at him. Steve knew it was physically impossible for the shorter man to follow orders but he could have died today or possibly gotten a team member killed. That thought did not sit well with Steve. He had to say something. It perhaps, would have been so much easier if Tony was a little less attractive. His big beautiful brown eyes were a little smaller. He was not the perfect size to cuddle. If only his hands did not fit so well in Steve’s. His lips…-
“I invite you to meet us in our Royal Palace, Your Highness. I will be extremely pleased to have you in my court.”
“Every time I see you invent something; I feel so proud Tony that I think my chest might burst. Every time you come looking for coffee at ungodly hours, I feel you are the most beautiful thing I’ve ever laid my eyes on. Under this garb of arrogance and self-obsession, you think you are an abomination but every time I look at you, all I see is a man who is trying his best and who is so perfect that I can never compare him to anyone else. In the past or in the present. You are the only one who stands up to me and drives me crazy. You make me so mad Tony and I love every bit of it.”
As Steve entered the magnificent room that was carefully decorated for the newly wed couple’s first night, the door was shut behind him. The interior was beautifully decorated with exotic smelling flowers. In a bowl, by the bedside, were delicious looking fruits. There was also a generous assortment of wines and other beverages. The large bed in the centre was covered in rose petals. Lavender scented candles which were scattered across the room bathed the interiors in a warm orange glow. The aim of the arrangement was to create a romantic atmosphere for the newlyweds, Steve guessed.
“Your Majesty, congratulations. Your alliance with the West has given us pilgrims a new reason to rejoice. A group of us Eastern Pilgrims would like to perform a traditional dance in your honour, Your Majesty.”
Tony was both confused and curious. However, he did not take much comfort in what had just happened. Tony did not know for a fact that the Emperor would keep his word or for that matter if anything that he had said was true. But Tony gave his own word that if the conditions were met, he would marry the Emperor. He was bound.
The Emperor’s smile fell from his face and so did the smiles of all the other courtiers present. Tony could see Bucky clutching Natasha’s hand tightly before either of them did something inappropriate.
Tony was shocked. He was not only being encouraged to experiment and invent rather his ideas were finding implementation in the Empire. He really had hit gold mine.
Those flowers were still there in Tony’s personal diary somewhere. Yes. He was definitely in love.
You can’t really blame him for accusing Steve of not caring. It was not like they were best friends. They were barely on civil terms. Well Natasha did say that it was like they couldn’t see anyone else when they were together, but they were fighting all the time so that didn’t count. Tony knew Captain America hated his guts.
Just as he made it to the exit of the venue through the empty halls, his path was blocked by none other than the love of his life.
Steve understood that he had to apologise to Tony for his behaviour. In his haste to leave, he had not even been able to inform Tony of his departure. Lord, Natasha was going to kill him.
“Tony….”
King Howard sighed heavily, clearly disappointed and angry and started move towards the Anthony’s room – most likely to remind the fiery prince that he is an Omega and in no place to make such demands, by force nonetheless. But, Steve stopped him with an angry glare and the King froze in his spot.
“Shut up Stark, would you?” Steve still sounded angry.
The next week’s royal dinner went pretty well when Tony had decided to go overboard with dressing up. He knew he turned heads the entire night. The man for whom Tony had put in so much effort was clearly bowled over as well. He knew for a fact, without Pepper’s constant cooing mind you, that the Emperor had not taken his eyes off Tony the entire night. He may have broken a glass or two as well when Minister Coulson had asked Tony for a dance.
He grew pensive and brooding, stopped taking care of himself. It was when he finally had the pardon letter in his hand that he had the courage to look in the mirror and he was shocked by his own reflection. He did not recognize the old bearded man with sad lines all over his face. The only good thing that he did see was hope in his own eyes. Hope of being welcomed back home and hope of reuniting with his love, the man who owned his heart and was not even aware of the very fact.
It had been one week since the marriage, when Steve returned to the Rogers Fort from Long Island. He did not want to leave the very next day after the wedding, making his Omega feel alone, but the business was unavoidable. Apparently there were rumours that Hydra was rising again and this time within his empire. This time under the command of a man called the Red Skull. Steve had to go to Long Island, where apparently he was hiding, to make sure that these were just rumours.
“What do you propose to do?” Pepper asked.
With that, Natasha left to call the doctor and inform the others that Tony was finally awake. Meanwhile Tony himself was left to marvel at what Natasha had said.
As promised here is Chapter 2. It is mostly Steve but I promise we will have more Tony from here on.
“I am sure my Anthony has someone amazing waiting for him somewhere. And Howard he is my son not a political instrument for you to use. I forbid a marriage of convenience for him” said Maria. Hers and Howard’s marriage was one of convenience. It had not worked out very well. She would not let this happen to her son.
it's my passion that I become good enough for you,
“And marrying a Western Prince brings great honour to the Rogers?” Rumlow questioned. Tony was shocked. The emperor was getting criticism because of this marriage? Was he regretting marrying Tony? Tony bowed his head down in shame as Pepper put a hand on his shoulder to show her support.
your absence tests me every day.
Natasha turned to look at Steve once again. “What the fuck happened in there Rogers?” Her eyes were warm but her expression was one of determination. Steve knew he was not getting out of this one.
“Tony…” Pepper was really tired.
Tony smiled warmly at her and then bowed low with his hands joined in front of him. She was shocked by this gesture, Tony could tell. May be she did not expect the Emperor Consort to bow before her but Tony had not done it in order to impress her or anything. He was just generally mesmerised with her achievements.
While it was true that Steve was honoured by the proposal that King Howard had just presented, he did question his intentions. Howard seemed like a cold calculating man who would do anything to remain in control and power. Merely offering his son to an Emperor who can be called an enemy of Howard’s state, did not sit well with Steve. He needed time to think. May be even some divine guidance.
“I heard of your conditions Your Majesty.” Said Natasha, pulling him out of his thoughts. Tony smiled shyly. “You truly are brave to demand something like that from the Emperor.” Then she bent forward and almost whispered, “I am happy to have someone other than me, who can keep Steve on his toes” with a playful smile and Tony beamed at her. They were definitely going to be friends.
Natasha gave him a fond smile. “You cannot do that Tony,” she said.
if not on this earth, at least come meet me in the sky,
The Empress noticed his fear, just the way his mother would have in a way. “Do not fear, my son,” she said. “This is your home. You will be cherished and loved here.” Tony knew at that moment, that no matter what happened, he would always have the support of the Empress. He communicated his comfort to Pepper with a silent look, who responded with a smile of her own. May be this wouldn’t be so bad.
“And if Steve never touches you, how can you bear him an heir? You think no one knows what is happening? Where is your bonding mark dear Prince? Why can’t I smell the Emperor on his Omega?” she took a long dramatic pause, glaring daggers at Tony.
“Nick, kindly pass on my message to the King Howard,” Steve told his second in command, “that I would be willing to accept his proposal of a marriage alliance with his son. And make it expressly known that I would be pleased to do so.”
The prickling sensation was nothing but his beard tickling Tony’s wrist.
This got Steve's attention. Tony had never called Steve by his first name. It was always an impersonal Cap or a distant Rogers or one of the funny nicknames he was used to hearing from Tony. But never his name. Never Steve. Also, he was expecting a snippy retort or maybe even a yelling match. But not this. Not Tony begging him to let him go. Something was wrong. Terribly wrong.
She did not have time to ask him that after he got hit. Everything happened so quickly.
Now he was 28 summers old and ready to take the reins of the kingdom into his own hands.
The important thing namely was his son Prince Anthony Edward Stark who by all means was no way under his control. He was extremely concerned for his future and wanted to marry Anthony off whenever he found the perfect political alliance.
Across the battlefield, cries of protest erupted from the camp of Hydra. The battle horns were blown, archers readied their bows, the riders mounted their stead and the swordsmen unsheathed their weapons.
That’s when Tony looked up at Steve.
“Please tell me you did not carry me like a princess in front of the whole city” was the first thing that Tony blurted out.
“Mr. Captain America sir, you are next up on stage.” He literally had to peel his eyes off Tony to look at who was calling him.
“Halt!” Steve bellowed as he regained his balance.
“Um Tony…hi”
The palace was made of numerous buildings, surrounding a central courtyard from where Tony had entered. Each wing was more beautiful than the other. There was a pond filled with lily pads at the centre of the courtyard, with a pleasure pavilion attached to it. Even the walk to Tony’s quarters was magnificent.
He saw Natasha trying to smile reassuringly at him. He saw the courtiers averting their eyes in unease so as to not witness the slight to the Emperor Consort’s honour. Tony bore through it all with his chin raised high and tasted each dish that was presented to him one by one. When he finished tasting the final dish, he looked up at the Emperor. He smiled weakly at Tony but Tony did not have it in himself to smile back.
How was that?
As Rumlow walked away, the Emperor turned more to words torchlight. Now Tony could see his expression more clearly. Anger was still simmering in his eyes. This is when Tony thought how could he ever doubt the Emperor's intentions towards him.
“You wanted to Thank Bruce for saving your life that one time. That is why you have appointed him the Prime Minister,” he accused the Emperor.
The Emperor’s eyes dropped to the food as if to check what was wrong with it, before rising to meet Tony’s eyes. “Why not my Prince?”
Steve was holding Tony in a dip with both hands on his waist, while Tony had a death grip on Steve shirt. Steve felt as if he was still in a trance, just staring at Tony, but he also realised that he had made a promise not to touch his Omega without express permission. So he let go of Tony gently, helping him regain his balance.
Cataloging these thoughts for later, Steve made a beeline towards Shield Medical on the helicarrier. He could feel the surprised, amused and concerned gazes of all agents following him. While they were expecting a full showdown in the conference room between the two heroes, they had not expected that it will end with Captain America carrying Iron Man in his arms. Steve couldn’t care less. All he could focus on right now was the limp man in his arms and his head of brown locks lolling to one side, resting on Steve’s chest.
“I am not commenting on that. I don’t have time. I have to go.”
Tony thought hard about that question. He could have an equally impressive neck piece or robes of gold and silver threads made for the Emperor. But, somehow the material gifts did not seem to encompass the love he felt in his heart for his Alpha. He needed to be more expressive, show the Emperor that Tony accepted him as his husband.
Steve was as shocked as he was angry. He knew he would receive a divine signal to help him with the matters of his marriage but he never thought it would be so soon. He had a chance to  not only save an innocent Omega from years of abuse but also to enter the Western provinces as a friend instead of as a threat. He would be able to prove to these people that Easterners were people of great honour too. Once he does that, his father’s dream of the Rogers flag flying over all of America would get closer to him.
He catalogued these thoughts for later as upon his entry Bucky informed him that he had a few important matters at the court that he must attend to immediately. This was of course followed by Bucky’s cheeky smile with a “You can go see your beloved later.” While Steve had smiled at his friends playful comment, he could not bring it in himself to tell Bucky that actually Tony had rejected him on their wedding night. It was clear as day that he was not happy with this union. Steve had sworn to himself that at least he would give Tony a happy life here, even if it was devoid of marital bliss. Tony was under his protection now.
Even the fallen king had respect and tears shinning in his eyes. “I have misunderstood you my Lord. Had I known of your virtues, I would have had no objections to ruling under your sovereignty.” Submission finally shining in his eyes.
Was Pepper right? Was he really in love?
It had been six hours since Bruce first walked into the waiting room. They had all gone and seen Tony in his private ward. Hooked to all the machines and supports, with a pale face and a bruised wrist, he appeared to be sleeping peacefully. He looked so tiny in that bed. Steve’s guilt was back, hitting him in waves. The rest of them sat by Tony quietly, patiently waiting for him to open his eyes. Oh, those beautiful brown eyes.
"You need to listen and listen good Stark. I’ve had it up to hear with your bullshit. You are going to keep your ego aside and work as a team for once" let out Steve, from his gritted teeth.
“Your Majesty,” he said turning towards Steve. “Was this the only way of consolidating your Empire? This one begs for your forgiveness but, I would like to say that His Majesty’s heart is ruling his mind.” He raised an accusing finger towards Steve. “What compelled you to have a marital union with a Western prince?”
Usually Tony was always up for a ‘city-hall debate’ with the Captain, but today he was just tired. Well Tony couldn’t be blamed; a fucking building just fell on him so Excuse You! His suit was destroyed along with his shoes as the repulsors had caught fire. So yeah Tony was paddling barefoot on the road in a worn-out hoodie and jeans with Captain America following and trying to give him a lecture in which he was most definitely not interested.
"You are hurting me Rogers" Tony said, almost above a whisper. That was the first sign that Steve ignored. He was blinded by his irritation at the shorter man. He jerked Tony closer to him, as if it was possible and saw his brown eyes widen as he grabbed onto Steve’s shoulder with his free hand for more support. Steve practically yelled out his next words.
what you have given me, even though it's pain,
“Your Majesty,” Phil said, “Due to the battles we’ve fought there is a danger of recession in our Empire. Prices of all the necessary commodities are on the raise. The effect of this is the most on the common man.”
Steve wondered if that was what love felt like.
“I am fine! I told you I don’t need your concern.” Well Steve was not the only stubborn bastard on the team, was he?
Everyone was expecting Steve to claim Prince Anthony tonight. Giving into his Alpha nature, it would be a lie if Steve said that he was not excited. He had seen Tony, even if just an obscure silhouette, he knew his Omega was extremely attractive. However, Alpha yes, Steve was also a man of honour, there was no way that Steve would ever lay a hand on Prince Anthony if he desired otherwise. It was the reason why Steve had not kissed Anthony during the wedding so as to not make him uncomfortable. Steve thought that might be the most likely scenario given Anthony’s history.
“You were out for 4 hours. Gave everyone quite the scare. I think Bruce is still consoling Thor that you didn’t die from the building falling on you. Rest up Stark. I’ll send Natasha in. Maybe she can knock some sense into you.” Steve was leaving. Tony couldn’t let that happen. He had to say something. He had to do something.
He could no longer avoid the feelings he had been harboring for Tony since past two months.
However, for some reason he had not seen the object of his affections since then and that was making Tony sad. Their small encounters had somehow become Tony’s favourite thing during the day. He looked forward to peeping at the Emperor from across the courtyard, sharing gentle smiles as they walked by each other in the palace, the weekly Royal dinner where he had to sit next to his Alpha and they shyly made small conversation. Every time he saw his Alpha, he would feel a little more in love.
https://www.instagram.com/p/CSrv98ajxe4/?utm_medium=share_sheet
“Yes my lord.” General Fury replied, smiling at his young mentee. The smile reached his eye (he had lost one during a battle a few years ago). He was so proud of the man Steve was becoming. “The Rogers army only waits your command.”
It had been 8 months since Chitauri and he still could not learn to be a team mate.
Both Sam and General Fury trusted Steve blindly when it came to the interests of the Empire. He was a true leader for whom they were ready to sacrifice even their own lives. This did not stop the from having concerns about the alliance that Steve had just announced, but they were also not going to question it further. The order was clear. They bowed low, with a sweeping gesture of their hand and left the Emperor standing peacefully below the tree that reminded him of his father.
And that was exactly what he needed at this moment. The proposal put forward by King Howard had perplexed him beyond imagination. He knew his decision would not only affect his life but also Prince Anthony’s and the life of the people of both their states. He had already given a lot if thought to the matter but could not come up with a definitive answer. Steve had never been as spiritual as Natasha, one of his ministers and closest friends was, but somehow he had a feeling that this matter would require divine intervention.
“Pardon me, Your Majesty,” she said not sounding sorry at all. “Let me remind you that according the Imperial Law the food that is to be presented to the Emperor should be tasted first by the cook. Only then is it considered safe for the Emperor to eat it.” She said with unconcealed glee. Here was another opportunity to embarrass Tony.
“Greetings, Your Majesty,” the King said, looking at Steve, who was still mounted on the Great Elephant, in admiration and awe. “We have heard great praises of your bravery and today, we were fortunate enough to witness it.” Steve smiled humbly. “This was a truly amazing feet.”
CHAPTER 1
“O great King of the kings, Steven Grant!” Fury roared. “On this blessed day you must consolidate your authority as the Emperor. The courage to put on armour and the skill to wield a sword, will lead you to victory.” He placed the metal helmet of Emperor Joseph Grant on Steve’s head, which was too small to hold it.
“That is not true,” the Emperor said. “I believe in his political abilities.”
Thank you so much for your amazing respons on this. It keeps me going. I will respond to all the comments very soon.
As he turned around, making his way towards Tony’s palace, he heard the announcement. “The court has been adjourned for the day.” He did not look to see if the courtiers had left. He knew that they were all frozen in place staring at his disappearing back. He had waited long enough to see his Omega.
Howard shrank further into himself, clearly understanding Steve’s subtle message. “Forgive me Your Majesty, he has refused to talk to anyone but you.”
3 hours later Bruce came to the waiting room. He was still in the clothes he wore for the mission, just looking more exhausted and disheveled from before. He had run his fingers through his hair one too many times and going by the state of the corner of his lips, he had been anxiously biting them. He began with a deep sigh, “He is stable mostly. The impact of the energy ball had left a small hole in his upper abdomen area. The blood oozing out of his mouth was a sign of the internal bleeding. They have patched him up and put him to sleep. He needs as much rest as he can get. But knowing Tony that will not last for long.” He finished with a small smile.
“As you wish…Tony” Natasha smiled at him one last time, bowed low and then left Tony with his Omegas in waiting to settle in.
Tony was at a loss of words after hearing the sheer hatred in Agatha’s voice. He knew that there always had been tension between him and her but this was not what he was expecting.  She sounded happy that his marriage with the Emperor had never been consummated – that there wasn’t any bond between the man she considered her son and his spouse. And she was asking Tony to make no moves to make his marriage fruitful rather she wanted him to give up all together.
The Emperor paused with his hand in the air and lips parted as he looked at Tony in confusion.
“Come on Cap! Loki got your tongue?!” Tony mocked as he started to follow the good Captain. “I caught you, didn’t I? You can stop preten-…”
“The Great Emperor of the East, Steven Grant has sent a decree offering us chance to rule California under him. Not only I want to take the chance, I want to offer Anthony’s hand in marriage to him. This would obligate him to be at our beck and call whenever we wish. You have seen what Anthony looks like. I have rejected multiple suitors till now. He would absolutely bewitch the Great Emperor and we wouldn’t have to worry about a thing.” Howard explained his plan. This would bring the mightiest warrior Alpha under Howard’s control.
Steve just scoffed, let go off Tony’s arm and walked ahead towards the tower, leaving Tony behind. Oh no! No fucking way! Now Tony wanted to argue.
It is so good I had to share it with you. Please go and show some love <3
“Crowning glory of the Ancient dynasty of Rogers, the Emperor of America, Steven Grant bestows us with his presence.” As Steve took the throne, all his courtiers greeted him with a low bow, while Howard and his party bowed with their hands joined together in a traditional salute.
And so battles began.
His thoughts were interrupted by 4 sets of familiar footsteps approaching.
Here is the next Chapter. Thank you so much for the amazing response. It keeps me going.
As Pepper left and shut the door behind her, Maria turned to Tony and spoke in an urgent voice. “There is a way out.”
“Tony, as your mother, I understand what you are going through,” the Queen said, walking closer to Tony and putting her hands on Tony’s shoulder. “Your heart is set out to remain independent and inventive for as long as it can. But, this is what is best not just for you but our people.” With a heavy heart, Maria brought out the argument that was sure to convince Tony. This was for the greater good.
“Then you have to call me Tony like my mother does…Ma” Tony said with a little hesitation and a shy smile but equal warmth. The Great Empress smiled back at him.
“Nat, would you please take the Prince to his royal quarters?,” Tony noticed that she requested rather than ordering.
“Oh Howard I can hear you thinking from here. Why don’t you just leave the poor boy alone?” said Maria, his wife, with a sigh. She was sitting in front of the huge mirror, trying to fix her unruly curls.
--------------------------------------
“No Your Majesty no need to apologise. I lost my balance. I am not hurt, and I have you to thank for that.” He said. He still wasn’t looking Steve in the eye.
“Sure, Your Majesty.”
Hey guys!
Here is a comparatively shorter chapter with love beginning between our love birds.
Tony was staring at him too, with wide blown eyes. He was shocked to his Alpha in the room. Tony probably didn’t even know that Steve was back from Long Island.
There was a knock on his door. “Who is it?” yelled Tony. Trying to get is shaking voice under control.
Clint was now wiggling his eyebrows. “Is that why you’ve been walking around looking like a tomato? I’ve never seen you blush this much.”
Water. That was the first thing Tony thought of as he came to. He needed some water. He slowly blinked his eyes open, turned his head and saw a glass of water at his bedside. If only he could reach it. As he made grabby hands towards it as if he could conjure the glass to move by sheer will, he saw it being lifted and being handed to him. He started drinking like a dying man.
“I am not going to harm you my Prince.” Steve said in another attempt to calm Tony down.
Taking advantage of Rhodey’s crouching position, Tony aimed a strike on his back which was stopped by Rhodey’s blade. The metal slid against its twin as Rhodey used his sword to push Tony’s to the ground. Tony pulled his sword back and spun around gracefully just in time to avoid Rhodey’s sword. The fight continued with Rhodey aiming strike after strike at Tony, advancing on him, making him retreat to the pavilion once more. But, this time, Tony used it to his advantage and trapped Rhodey’s sword on a pillar with his. One solid blow to the shoulder by Tony’s hand pushed the other man to the ground. But, Rhodey didn’t fall completely, digging his sword in the ground to prevent his fall.
Enjoy <3
Brock took another step forward with a sadistic glee in his eyes. “Pardon me, Your Majesty, but these protestors do not believe in your ability to rule. They even went so far as to say that by going through with this marriage, you have brought dishonour to your ancestors and the Rogers Empire. They justify their disobedience by saying such things of you.”
Then he took in his face. Eyebrows scrunched up in…was that concern? Tony couldn’t be sure. But his baby blue eyes blazing fury. He was still mad at Tony but then why was he helping him? It just didn’t add up.
Rumlow and Miss Harkness looked as shocked as Tony felt but the Emperor stood his ground, glaring daggers at his foster brother.
No. Not
Defying all of Tony’s expectations, the Great Emperor had just tried to calm Tony down first before encouraging a conversation. Even when this was the last thing Tony had expected, the encouragement given by the Alpha helped him to be completely honest with him.
Steve was lying on his back and the elephant lifted its foot to stomp him. Steve rolled away, getting to his feet and yelled, “Halt!” He looked at the elephant straight in the eye, ordering it to submit through his body language. The elephant wheezed and shook its head, its trunk moving wildly. Steve picked up a shield and tried to back the elephant with it. But, it caught his hand with its trunk, throwing him to the ground.
Instead what did he do?
Soon, maidens entered his tent to bathe him and prepare him for the wedding ceremony that night. He was cleansed with turmeric and milk. His skin felt as smooth as silk by the time they were done and his hair fell neatly over his shoulders in baby curls. He was being gift-wrapped for the Emperor.
By Lord this man was crafted by the Gods themselves!
“Yes Your Majesty, Buck…I mean General Barnes and Natasha have really helped me a lot.” Buck? He was already calling Bucky by his nick name?  Steve was so jealous. It had always been easy for Bucky to gel with new people. Tony was still keeping his answers short. May be he was making Tony uncomfortable. He should apologise and leave.
There he was. The object of his affections in the balcony right opposite to his own, yielding a sword and missing a shirt with his pants hanging low on his hips. Boy did Tony mention he was in love?
“That will be all, Ms. Potts.”
Tony smiled at her. “It might be a trade for you. But, in our culture marriage is a bond that is sacred. It only breaks after death.”
“It is a favourite past time of mine to tame the untameable, King Howard.” Steve thought he didn’t sound too cocky. But, he was glad that Stark had seen him when he was taming the elephant. He wanted the King to know what he was capable of. If he was as calculating as he looked, the King would accept his imperial decree instead of trying to wage a war against him. But, then again, the King would not have made the 12 day journey to Brooklyn if he wished to fight the war.
“Uh! I hate it when you are right!”
As the wedding procession drew closer to the venue, which was one of the biggest palaces owned by the Eastern Emperor, Tony began to notice the might of the Easterners. The palace was made completely out of glass and marble on the banks of the holy river which marked the border between the East and the West. On the other side it was surrounded by the forest, making the whole view very green and scenic. Huge tents had been set up for the stay of the armies of both the parties on the palace grounds, while their families were set up in the magnificent rooms inside.
Curse him and his incredible body.
Steve was absolutely done with Tony's bullshit and he was seething with the need to let him know.
“Oh Anthony! None of those formalities. I am your mother-in-law and you will call me Ma like Steve does.” She said with a warm smile but a firm tone. Tony just couldn’t take it anymore. These people were slowly breaking in through the walls of prejudice he had built around himself. Plus, it did not matter how his relations with his husband were, his family was kind. They had warmly stepped towards him and now it was his turn.
Maria looked at him in shock. “Howard! What decision are you talking about?” she said alarmed. She could guess where this was going and to her absolute horror, she was right.
Miss Harkness? Here? That was trouble for sure. Tony and Pepper exchanged a worrying glance.
“Tony please stop crying sweetheart. It doesn’t matter. You are here with me now and that is more than I could ever ask.”
However before Tony made his objections known, Pepper smiled at him knowingly and said, “Tony dear, there is no way you are objecting to it. After my Parents died in that horrible raid, I have no one but you. If you think you will leave me here in California and go and suffer in Brooklyn alone, you have another thing coming.”
General Barnes steeped forward. “Your highness?” he addressed the fallen king. “This way please.” Before leaving the king bowed before Steve in true admiration.
Tony might have been used to the tone she was talking in but he was also known for his own quick temper and rebellious nature. He never went down without a fight. Miss Harkness had made him uncomfortable in every opportunity she could find, be it during the royal dinners or casual greetings. Enough was enough. He would never misbehave with her but he had every right to say what he felt.
He pushed himself away from Pepper’s comforting grip, looked her right in the eye and said, “I have a request that I need you to convey immediately. I demand an audience with the Emperor.”
“Well Dad I guess you should know that Mom just entered.” And Steve followed Sam’s line of sight. There. Right there was his heart walking around in a suit like he owned the place which technically he did. His Tony looked so beautiful in blue. His decision to express his feelings just became easier.
No wonder that it was said, trying to invade the Rogers Fort was akin to entering the den of a lion. Tony realized that the tales were true. The walls of the Brooklyn Fort were impenetrable.
The King took Steve ’s lack of response to refusal and bowed his head in disappointment. “I can understand the reason behind your silence…but I assure you your Majesty, Anthony is one of the most beautiful Omegas you will ever lay your eyes on. He is also extremely healthy and will bless you with an heir, I am sure of that.”
Hey Guys!
“Top of the morning to you Capcicle. Don’t let me come in between your ab-building. It would be such a shame” was his shameless greeting. While usually a comment like this would have forced Steve to retort, this time he was completely speechless. He just stared at Tony, incessantly watching him grab his coffee, give Steve a puzzled look and walk out muttering along the lines of ‘what a weirdo’. Steve was still frozen. That man was the most beautiful thing he had ever laid his eyes on.
“Tony, sweetheart, would you like to tell me why I just opened the news and was bombed with headlines of an affair between Cap and you? The picture is quite nice though. He really swept you off your feet.”
All of them now stared at him expectantly. “If it is so…” Tony mused. “Then why should I not woo him back instead of just teasing him?”
. Thank God Rogers was too busy looking at the murder twins. There was a seething pain in his upper abdomen, he was dizzy and he just needed to fucking sleep it off. And for that he will have to walk to his allotted room which was on the other side of the helicarrier.
The minute he entered the tower on his wheel chair, he was greeted by a hysterical Pepper, a worried Rhodey and a mother hen Jarvis. He was being pushed around by Bruce and all the others had arranged a small welcome back party for him. Steve was there at the party but was trying too hard to avoid Tony’s gaze. He ran away from Tony like he had two heads for the whole duration of the party. Okay maybe Tony was exaggerating a little but he was annoyed as hell so it was allowed.
The King seemed to shrink into himself. “Your Majesty, if you give me a chance I will show Tony what are the exact consequences of being a disobedient and demanding Omega.” Howard was hinting at the abuse, Steve had been thinking about.
This is how Steve also came to be known as one of the most heartless yet ambitious Emperors of his time. Most of the kingdoms who received the decree had seen the wrath of the Rogers army in previous battles. They had no option but to give in to the demands of the decree. Those who were brave enough, were able to negotiate certain conditions of their own but did have to give up their own identity to be absorbed under Steve’s empire.
Deep in his thoughts, his hand began to shake as a few tears slipped out of his eyes. This made it too real. This was actually happening.
“Sam, I have thought it over carefully, please be assured” Steve  said. “It was General Fury who held the reins of the Rogers Empire in my name for years. All these years…” Steve said as he started walking down the path that lead to a tree he himself had sown in the name of his father. Both the Generals followed their Emperor quietly.
King Stark was currently lounging in his wife’s parlour waiting for her to get ready.
The most surprising part of the conversation that day was when Tony felt comfortable enough to bring up his project in front of the Emperor, he did not just brush it off after listening to it, like Howard or Ty would have done, rather he was genuinely curious. He even asked Tony if he could bring it up in his next court proceedings.
The time for defence was over. Tony struck his sword once, twice, thrice at Rhodey, each of his strikes countered with Rhodey’s own.
“You are not confused Stark. You are an oblivious idiot. He likes you. You like him. It’s literally that simple. Don’t miss your chance. Confront that stupid man.”
It had been so good before Secretary Ross showed up on their door with the accords. Tony and him had been dancing around each other for a while and Steve had finally gathered courage to ask him out and tell him that he was head over heels in love with the genius. This is why he told Vision to let him know when Tony came to the compound. He had planned something special, with flowers, chocolates, candles and all that jazz. But that is when everything went to shit.
There was welcoming party, of Betas and Omegas all dressed in vibrant colours, awaiting him and all of them smiled brightly at him as he got out of his carriage. He had expected a less than cordial welcome since he was a Westerner and this was a surprise. Perhaps Tony should stop being so wary of the Rogers. May be just may be his luck had worked out for the first time in his life. He looked at Pepper silently conveying his thoughts to which she nodded in approval. So far, every one of them had been pleasant and accepting towards him. Maybe they weren’t the heartless invaders everyone made them out to be.
you can fulfil every shortcoming in my life.
“Banner” …” Banner wake up – Stop Screaming. It is I, Son of Odin. Would you be kind enough to help me send a smile to Jane from Stark’s magic box?”
His Alpha, who was known for his ruthless and fierce ways, was just standing there and melting over a bunch of puppies. He knew that many Omegas in his party has a crush on the emperor. Who wouldn’t honestly? But Tony did take pride in the fact the he was the one the Emperor married. Pepper called it cute and that he was being possessive but why would Tony be possessive?
“Your Majesty!” Rumlow sneered before he bowed and walked away. He knew that he was at the end of his rope in this argument.
And dear reader, you are beautiful <3
Finally, after he was alone, he gathered enough courage to hold Tony’s bruised wrist gently and look at it in disgust. This was his fault. “I am so sorry sweetheart. I never meant for this to happen. I was so angry at you for putting yourself in danger. What if something happened to you Tony? I would not be able to live with myself.” His voice was barely above a whisper and tears threatening to fall down his eyes.
Tony thought that over. That would not go well. What if the Alpha reacts badly? What if he has anger issues beyond Tony’s or Pepper’s imagination? He may wipe out the entire kingdom just because he was rejected by Tony.
“But Steve…” Sam tried.
“No. No way. Why would I be angry at you? I was sincere when I said I respect you and all your wishes.”
Hello my Loves!
“I am still so mad at you for whatever happened. But I do love you and I am willing to try this. You just have to promise to try and communicate with me.” Was what Tony said in return.
“Let’s not mention ‘porn blogs’ to Mr. Steve, okay?”
The elevator doors opened, and they were met with heavy rock music, shaking the glass panels of the workshop across the hall. Peter quickly let go of Steve’s large hand, instead clasping both of his hands to his ears, music too loud for his sensitive young ears. The Captain did the same, super serum having enhanced his hearing, making Tony’s workshop sounds too loud for his eardrums.
“Maybe call one of your teammates?” Pepper suggested, “I’m sure Bruce would understand. And he’s got a soft spot for kids.”
“How could a small child be worse than Afghanistan?” Steve questioned, eyes flickering from Natasha to Clint to Bruce, who were now all looking at each other with meaningful glances. It was like some telepathic conversation they were all holding, and he hated it, hated feeling that he was out of the loop. Especially when it was about Tony.
It had been one of Tony’s first hugs since breaking up with Pepper; definitely his first hug after the Civil War, and he immediately knew all future hugging experiences were now ruined. Nothing would ever come close to the hugs Steve Rogers delivered. It was like a huge band-aid, binding his many wounds and promising healing with time. Tony didn’t believe in magic, avoided it at all costs; scoffed at the concept as if it were stale gum stuck to his shoe. But in that moment, with drying tears on his cheeks and throat raw from screaming, Steve’s arms felt like magic.
Tony sputtered for breath, lungs shrinking tight in an automatic reaction, left over from his days spent in Afghanistan. He gasped, airway deciding to cease all function as his heart rate spiked. He could feel Peter and the bathroom starting to disappear; the white tiles threatening to become dark and desert hot, the bathtub flickering between reality and a large washbucket. The alien towel gripped in Tony’s hands felt subtly similar to the cloth restraints the Ten Rings had used on his hands. He swore he could feel the familiar sandy grit under his dirty fingernails.
Tony rocketed out of bed with a fear-filled heart pounding against the metal casing of the Arc Reactor. Those were Peter’s screams, and although he wasn’t “Dad”, he was still shook to the core by the terror in the child’s voice.
Quite truthfully, the confrontation went as well as it could have. Tony had still seemed slightly disoriented when they had left, most likely due to the fact that Peter liked to communicate love with touch and the genius wasn’t on board with this. But Steve left the library feeling refreshed, knowing that everything was resolved and now the team could move forward with raising of Peter. Because they had fixed the issue with Tony. Peter promised not to touch the blue circle, and that’s what had obviously been the problem, so now they were
“JARVIS, call Pepper, will you?” he requested as he took another sip of his coffee, the caffeine not kicking in nearly as fast he wanted it to be. Tony sat down on one of the bar-stools surrounding the pink granite island, feet resting on the last rung, not quite tall enough to touch the tile floor.
Cap was known to be a creature of habit. The super soldier loved his routines, loved having a schedule that he could rely on. He took pride in the places he considered his, from his room in the Tower, to the room he had commandeered as an art studio, to the alleyways he had been beaten up in back when he had been a scrawny kid in Brooklyn. So Tony felt somewhat safe in assuming that Central Park was the right park. Peter hadn’t piped up about the walk taking too long, so he could only hope he was doing the right thing.
“What? What’d I do?” Tony questioned, hastily pulling Pete out of the bath water and setting him back on the fuzzy bath mat.
I’m only taking care of him because Cap is out on a mission, and for some reason, he trusts me with the kid!
Barton had slightly dragged his feet on the way out, not used to the team exuberantly reassuring him that he was not needed. He voiced his suspicions that the team didn’t want him  with the way they were almost asking him to leave. But he was soon out of the tower, and their human count was down to five.
Surely,
It had been so sudden. One second Tony had been fuming, screaming about all things wrong with his childhood, and the next Captain Rogers was enveloping him in one of the warmest hugs he had ever had. Not like Pepper’s hugs, which were subtly warm, soft limbs lightly resting against his body and small hands splaying against his shoulder blades. No, Ste-
Bucky chuckled.
“Hey!” Tony tried to grab it, but the first kid smacked his hand, and the humiliation stung worse than the slap.
And now, Steve had to live with the irrational pain of missing a friend who was right there, sharing a living space but barely aware of his presence.
“You’re trapped, aren’t you?” Maybe the enchantment was actually a curse.
Tony again prepared to open the door, hoping to time this perfectly as they passed, but then he realized--
“I think...” Tony meets Steve’s eyes, and his heart leaps in his throat at the fear in them. “I think that blade was poisoned.”
Steve tried to watch for him resurfacing somewhere a bit away, but didn’t spot so much as a ripple of bubbles.
Most of the time.
Bucky’s eyes widened. “
“Nice to meet you, Tony,” Steve said. “Sit with us, an’ I’ll share my lunch with you since Brock ate some o’ yours.”
Bucky tenses. “A dentist?”
“Sorry, husband, but I can’t have you shooting the man I love.” Tony’s eyes met Steve’s, and the pirate saw in them the longing he himself had been feeling for so long. “Yes, I’ll come with you, my beloved.”
“Now?” she asks pointedly.
“Uh, Bucky. You... you realize you’re flirting with me while your arm is gushing blood, right?” Bucky looked around in the hopes of finding something to stanch the blood with.
“Seems like what you need now is sleep,” Steve says, and Tony just nods and shifts forward until his head is nestled up against Steve’s chest again.
“Tony...” Bucky’s face shows even more guilt, and behind him, Steve looks almost gutted.
Tony didn’t much care for decorating for Christmas. He let Pepper arrange for the decoration of the huge fancy tree in the lobby, and figured that was enough.
“Gotta say, I was surprised to find you on my calendar today. What can I do for you?” Tony glances down at James’ metal arm. “Need some repairs?” He sounds excited about the prospect.
When they pulled apart a long moment later, Tony added, “But--I’m totally proposing to you, too, when I finish your ring.”
It was possible he had a bit of a crush on the guy. Tony’s occasional flirting didn’t help.
Bucky always worried when he had to go on a radio-silence mission and couldn’t even call Tony for days or weeks.
He’d talked to Nat about Tony’s behavior around him, and she had agreed it was strange, that she’d have expected at least one screaming match between them within the three weeks since their return. She’d agreed to ask some discrete questions, since Steve’s relationship with Rhodey hadn’t much improved since his first attempted apology.
Tony’s eyes widened, watching Bucky suck his finger clean. “Uh. Yeah. That’s...”
“Still, I thought Rogers would have more tact than this, sending the man who started all this.”
Then it seemed Tony was finally ready to settle in himself, and he nestled in close under the blanket on Steve’s other side.
“It’s adorable,” Steve said.
A man with a bleeding forearm, squirming to get away from the wolf on top of him.
“I’m afraid to let anyone know what a mess I am!” Steve clenches his jaw, like that could stop the words from escaping.
Steve was overcome with emotion--relief, guilt, but above all, love. “I’ll do my best,” he promised, then pulled Tony in for another kiss.
There’s silence for a moment, and Tony looks up to meet Jarvis’ eyes again. “Then what did they do?”
Stone was now clasping his bleeding hand, cursing and threatening Tony as his eyes blazed in fury. Thankfully, his crew seemed stunned, or still wary enough of the pirates, that no one else moved to raise a weapon.
Bruce sighs. “Just... think about it, okay?”
“Okay, now you really gotta do this, doll,” Bucky pleaded.
Tony groaned, but the impact seemed to have awakened him at least enough to speak actual words. “Ow. Am I dying? Are you an angel? Didn’t really expect to be going that direction, but I’m not going to say no to an angel as hot as you...”
“Is he hurt?” Tony asks quietly. Neither of the two shows obvious signs of serious injury, though there’s some dried blood on Bucky’s forehead, and most of the rest of their bodies are hidden under clothes and blankets.
His handlers find him shortly after he lands, before he has a chance to do anything.
“I love you.”
Rhodes stared in shock and anger at the man in front of him. “You.”
But then Tony looks at him and directly asks, “What’s another food we eat together that you really don’t like?”
“I think vomit is disgusting, I think you’re adorable, why... oh.” Tony’s eyes widen. “Shit. Those are your soulmark words, aren’t they?”
The pleasant haze disappeared as the words grew urgent enough to break through into his consciousness. He blinked, seeing Tony’s worried face in front of him, and he froze.
If it were anyone else, Tony might be worrying about his lover cheating. But he’s confident Steve would never do that. Not that Steve could never fall in love with someone else, because Tony still can’t entirely understand why Steve wants
“Holy shit,” Clint breathes, while Thor pats Steve heavily on the back in congratulations. Nat and Tony seem to be eyeing Steve speculatively.
Steve was ashamed for the fact that it took him two days to get up the nerve to make his apology to Tony himself. Then he waited another few hours, because he realized his first plan of talking to Tony in the workshop--what was supposed to be the man’s safe space--might not go over as well, so he had to wait for Tony to come out for coffee.
The alien sighed.  “R’klin.”  He opened his mouth, hesitated, then finally added, “I wanted to tell you.”
“Crap, are you okay?” Tony asked, putting the basket down on the coffee table and reaching out, not sure how to help. “Dammit, I meant for this to be sweet and romantic, and instead you’re going to choke to death all because of me...”
“I am aware I am not Howard! I am Tony, and Tony is deathly afraid of taking care of a five year old by himself!” Tony spat back, arms folding aggressively across his chest, nails digging painfully into his arms in attempt to ground himself against the rising panic.
“-but we need to figure this out because we have to raise a
Before he had time to soak in what she had said, and correct her that Steve was very much still on the market, most definitely not interested in Tony, and probably waiting on Gladus to make the first move, she turned to Peter, sweet smile still gracing her lips.
a parent), but safety measures and tiny flying suits had suddenly become much more important than any new version of the Starkpad or the SI smartphone. He had been ignoring Pepper as of late, pretending he wasn’t seeing the frantic emails that his CEO kept sending him. He knew they were all about the new models, all about how many meetings he had missed. And he definitely knew that emails were most certainly not about her first date with Happy, even though Tony had said he was okay with it. Granted, most of the time when Tony said something was ‘okay’, it most certainly was not, so the new couple were right to be weary.
Natasha must have noticed the doctor’s reaction as well, her eyes narrowing, “Bruce? What do you know?”
to see the short man stumble by, goatee with a five o’clock shadow and shirt streaked with oil stains. But Tony would never be there, and he would only feel the pit in his stomach grow deeper, knowing he’d lost something that had been important to him. The feeling of missing something that he didn’t appreciate when he had it… Tony’s absence had been what made him feel alone. He had been sad when Bucky went into the cryofreeze unit, of course he had. But Tony’s missing presence was what had made him feel alone.
“Um, Peter? Are you ready for bathtime?” Tony asked, wringing his hands while watching the child cautiously. Peter was sat on the carpeted living room floor, playing with his many superhero figures. The mechanic tried to ignore the fact that Pete had placed Iron Man and Captain America on the same team. The plastic superheros were fighting side by side against Mr. Incredible and a totally-not-to-scale Scooby Doo, who for some reason was taller than the Iron Man figurine. Tony didn’t have to check to know that many kids with Tony and Cap  figurines didn’t have them fighting on the same team as of late.
Peter’s eyelashes fluttered against his small cheeks as he hesitantly opened his eyes. Big brown eyes locked onto worry-filled ones, and Tony had never felt so relieved in his life, “I’m so sorry buddy, I’m the worst bath giver. Like, the worst of the worst. I should be fired.”
familiar, and Steve knew he recognized those eyes, knew he was fond of them. But for the life of him he could not put his finger on it.
Steve had tried,
Then Clint left the tower. Tony knew it was probably because Peter was making the archer homesick, and although he was good with the kid, Clint probably wanted to be around his own kids more. Which Tony understood. And they didn’t need Clint around at the moment. Crime was low and the bad guys that did show up were outrageously manageable.
“Daddy is my favorite dad,” Peter declared into the room, causing Tony to pause wiggling the other tiny velcro light-up Avengers shoe onto the boy’s foot, “I love him very much.”
“Uncle Thor’s Poptarts!” Peter exclaimed, and Tony had a suspicion that Peter would have refused the toast no matter how much butter was on it, because the boy hadn’t had an ounce of hesitation before answering. And Tony knew that if Cap had been there, Rogers would have said no and then proceeded to suggest an apple instead. But Tony didn’t feel like forcing healthy things onto the small boy; he felt like giving Peter an actual happy, maybe-not-incredibly-healthy-because-of-it, life. And if he got into Pete’s good graces by allowing him to have some sugar in the morning, it was no skin off of Tony’s back. He was willing to allow such a sugar-filled breakfast as long as the boy would forget the butter soaked toast.
on the same page. Everything was fine now. Everything was solved.
“Do you… miss your dad, Pete?” and he really had to tread lightly here, because he wasn’t sure how aware children Peter’s age were understanding of death and the permanence of it all. Tony had had the misfortune of being completely aware of what death meant, when his parents had bit the dust. More aware than he would have liked to have been, seeing as how his habit of excessive drinking had started then. A habit he was still trying to kick to the curb.
He inhaled a ginormous gulp of breath, his head going slightly dizzy, before releasing it in one rush, blowing it straight into Cap’s face, slightly rustling the blonde hair. Tony’s mind quickly supplied him with the tune to “America, the Beautiful”, likening Steve’s-
“One small hug might not hurt right now, yeah?” Tony told the boy, waver obvious in his voice, but at least Tony wasn’t trying to act tough or hide the fact that this made him nervous.
Everything was not solved. Something was off with Tony, despite having cleared the air and confronted the issue. Confronting always worked, had always resolved whatever the genius was having a hard time with. Evidently, however, something had gone wrong in the library, because Tony Stark had not spoken a single word.
“Berry lady! Berry lady!” Peter cheered as they moved towards the vendor as fast as Tony would let them. The woman turned her head at the sound of her name (was her name really ‘Berry Lady’? Surely not), and a large smile that crinkled her sweet, wrinkly face appeared on her face as her gaze landed on Peter.
“Tony?” Steve asked, watching the man’s shoulders tense up as he jabbed at the screen harshly, “Is something wrong?”
As Tony made the guest room bed, situating himself only a few doors down from Peter just in case, he contemplated what it would have been like to have a dad willing to give him baths. A dad willing to feed him his favorite foods, or make him flying toys to zoom around his room, making him feel safe. A dad that would play with him while keeping their anger at bay, or teach him how to use bow and arrow. A dad to dress him up in stars, spangles, and stripes, or a mom to teach him how to cook russian cuisine.
he told himself, but Peter nodded as if this was a perfectly, well explained reason. His eyebrows, however, were still pulled down in confusion.
“Peter isn’t different. Not at all. I’m just not good with kids, Steve, that’s all. Just let it go-”
! You seem to think you’re all that,
“Pepper, honey, nobody uses email anymore. That’s only for ‘Bed, Bath, and Beyond’ newsletters or porn blog updates, which by the way I honestly don’t know why I keep getting, because I unsubscribed forever ago-”
Tony cursed himself once more, the name “Steve” rolling by too easily, too slippery to grasp and stop before completing its thought. He had been trying, really trying, because he did not need his crush on the good Captain. He had never needed to be crushing on the man to begin with, but now he really needed it to stop because if Steve started hugging Tony on the regular, he would be doomed. Might as well take himself out of the Avengers, because he was now a puddle of warmth, and Stark men did not become puddles of warmth.
Tony shot out of his seat at the dining room and chased after the man, ignoring Peter’s cries of protest at being left alone.
Steve’s mouth wasn’t working, but even if it was he didn’t know what he would have said. Tony continued on, now looking at the torn hem of his shirt. His voice was much quieter now, as if he had scared himself with his outburst.
Oh dear Lord in heaven, this wasn’t good at all.
Steve blinked at Tony incredulously, “Angry? Why in the world would I be angry?
In a stroke of genius, Tony victoriously grabbed a paper towel, walking over to where Peter sat. He took the towel and dabbed at the toast, Peter’s brown eyes widening in absolute horror as the man did so, “Mr. Tony! What are you doing?!”
“But it’ll be worth it,” Agent Barton insisted, “We’ve got more than enough love to go around. We’ll give Pete a loving home. And we’ll roll with the punches when they hit. Finding a way to keep Peter safe from the big bads is just another step of parenting that other parents probably don’t have to worry about as much.”
The boy leapt up from his position on the carpeted ground, eyes wide with worry at the thought that Iron Man would be sad. Tony couldn’t help the sharp twist of something unforgivingly sweet, originating somewhere underneath his rib-cage. It made him smile, and the sensation only spread as Peter all but threw his toys into his toy bin, cleaning up after himself as quickly as possible before dashing to the bathroom.
It was only then that Tony announced it was time to head back home for lunch. They both said goodbye to Gladus, who handed them both a wipe for the berry mess in their hands and a small basket of cut strawberries for the road. Peter squealed happily at the strawberries, forgetting all about the salty tears on his cheeks, munching on strawberries all the way home.
It hadn’t gone wrong, necessarily. Stark hadn’t ran away, so obviously it had already gone better than it did the first time the two met. But Peter didn’t understand the body language of “do not touch”, giving away hugs and kisses to a man who didn’t seem to know what to do with them. Steve should probably have interfered when the little guy had face planted into Tony’s chest, but then again it had been so
“‘Kay, toast, I know, stop screamin’,” Tony protested, turning his head on his pillow to glance at the clock positioned on his side table and
It was obvious that Peter was simply being a small child with no idea of how the world worked. In fact, earlier that morning, he had talked about his Dad coming back, not understanding he sadly never would due to the plane crash. But Peter was obviously looking past the fact that his Dad was dead, and instead was thinking the man was coming back; so of course, the boy’s idea of subjects involving “Dad” was skewed. Right?
“Well, alright. I’ll make it just shy of boner killer and not too close to lava, yeah?” Tony chuckled, speaking to himself again, and for some reason he was surprised when Peter answered. He had not meant for Pete to hear him, his mind for some reason assuming the boy could only hear him when he wanted to be heard. It was safe to say Tony had been hanging around robots for too long.
“Howard was my dad,” was the only thing that could come out of his mouth. Really, it was the only thing Tony could say that wouldn’t earn him a disappointed frown from the Captain, if the man was there. But then again, if Cap were there, Tony wouldn’t be talking to the five year old or getting ready to take him to the park.
It was at this point that Peter let go of Tony’s hand, rushing towards Berry Lady as fast as his little legs would let him. She crouched down to meet him as he approached, giving him a kind hug that was well received. Tony watched on skeptically, measuring the interaction between the two and preparing to rip the child out of her hands at any sign of creepiness. But nothing bad occurred, and once the hug was shared, the two began to hold an animated conversation.
Bruce had quickly volunteered himself to stay and look after Peter, snapping at the team to get a move on before casualties started building. Luckily, they had come home after with barely a scratch, Hulk’s absence on the battlefield not having been missed. But the media latched onto it with their conspiracy theories, wondering where the green Avenger had gone. It sat on all of their shoulders, an uncomfortable prickle as the media breathed down their necks. Of course, no one was bothered by the media itself; they had dealt with the pressure before. It was the threat of uncovering what the Avengers were hiding that had the team on high alert. Because keeping Peter a secret was high priority, and a leak was much worse than an announcement at a PR conference.
“Alright then, berry lady it is,” Tony announced, and they continued their walk.
Okay, so this is my first delve into the Avengers/Stony fandom! I live off of reviews, and any critique you want to give me :) I'm excited to get into this story and contribute to the fandom!
Knowing what she was probably thinking, knowing what conclusions she was coming to, Tony told Pepper all about how Captain Rogers had stumbled upon a newly orphaned child and had somehow thought it a great idea to take him home. He left out the details about the panic attacks and the general difficulty he had with being around Peter. But Pepper knew him well enough; she probably knew what Tony was going through without him saying.
that my answer doesn't meet your satisfaction-”
“Okay!” Pete exclaimed, the widest smile Tony had ever seen forming on the boy’s face, as if this was the most exhilarating thing he could agree to.
The woman shook his hand with a firm grip, grin on her face as if she were making fun of how formal he had introduced himself. By the way her wrinkles curved perfectly to the smile as if she never stopped, he could only imagine how happy of a person this woman must be, “I’m Gladus. It’s very nice to meet you.”
Everything suddenly felt full of cotton balls. His mouth went dry and the noises around them in the busy park went muffled. Because Peter had just confirmed to this stranger, albeit a sweet one, that Tony was indeed the second dad. He had also just assumed Tony liked berries, but that wasn’t the fact Tony decided to focus on.
Tony’s mind wildly scrambled to find an answer, which should have been easy because he was a genius. He had made a new element while dying. He could find a convincing argument for a five year old child.
The hug was stiff, at first. Tony didn’t know where to put his arms or face, and Cap didn’t know where to place his overly large hands. Elbows poked ribs, Steve’s chin collided with Tony’s head, and toes were stepped on. But then one of them moved, an arm slotted into the right place, and they suddenly fit like those ten cent puzzles. Warm, soft, and caring. This was so new for them, because their fights usually ended with someone leaving the other alone. But this was new, different; this was how Steve wanted their fights to resolve from now on. Because they fit so well. Tony felt so warm, and it was so easy to run a soothing hand up and down the genius’s back, easy to run fingers through wavy brown hair. Cap had been missing out on this and he hadn’t even known it. For some reason, that’s how all things with Tony seemed to go.
Steve’s blues seemed full of conflict and regret as he leaned in to Pete, brushing his brown hair aside and planting a rushed kiss against the kid’s forehead, “I know, I’m sorry, but I have to go, sweetie. I’ll eat as much pizza as you want when I get back.”
(Some Stony content in my YouTube, so I urge you to check it out!)
They hand-held their way back to the guest room, where the mini Iron Man began to fly around, tracing the perimeter over and over again. Peter curled up against Tony’s chest, hand lightly resting against the Arc Reactor’s blue light. He had stiffened when the warm skin made contact with the shirt covering the device, but talked himself into relaxing as best he could. This wasn’t Obie or a vibranium shield. This was Peter Parker.
Okay so I honestly love this chapter? Fluff gets me just as much as angst does. Don't forget to leave kudos and comments! Your feedback does wonders to my motivations and inspiration :p
And from there everything was suddenly turning up sunshine and daisies. Which should have been the first warning sign that something was coming, because that’s how life worked. It went up, down, even sideways sometimes. And everyone knew what goes up must come down, because gravity was as real as Captain America’s hero complex, and physics worked not only on physical objects but Tony’s happiness as well. Realistically, he should have learned his lesson the first twenty times he was surprised when his happiness didn't last indefinitely. Something would always happen. Good things were always followed by not so good things, and for some reason Tony only remembered this fact
It's the first morning of taking care of Peter since Cap left, and Tony feels like he's up the river without a paddle.
, and now he was sufficiently distracted from any approaching panic attack, too busy trying to keep his laughter from bursting out.
But suddenly the blaring music shut off, JARVIS saying something indescribable from inside the workshop, and Tony whipped his head around to look at Steve, eyes wide in surprise. He looked as if he had been a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar. And for some reason, Steve’s chest suddenly felt light and fluttery, causing him to give the genius a soft smile and a small wave. Tony evidently didn’t know what to do with the smile or the wave, because he frowned at the Captain before focusing his attention back on the thing in his hands. He saw the man move his lips, and suddenly the doors to the workshop slid open.
“You put paper towel on it! Now it’s going to taste like paper towel!” Peter argued, squinting at Tony as if this was obvious physics; as if transferring taste between objects by touch was as real as gravity or Newton’s Laws.
Holding his hand was Peter, decked out from head to toe in Avengers merchandise. Something that Clint Barton had everything to do with.
The man smiled wearily at the assassin for a moment, before looking down at his hands yet again, “We all have our things. Some things we don’t want to deal with. There are somethings that don’t belong in SHIELD files. Sometimes, there are things we don’t want other people to know about. Tony might not always take himself seriously. He sometimes plays the ‘playboy’ card in hopes of making himself seem like an open book. But Tony hides things too.”
“I shouldn’t have said the things I said,” he continued, “It was wrong of me. You are right to be upset, I completely lost my temper… Gosh, Tony, why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
Steve raised an eyebrow at this, crossing his arms as he always did when Tony told lies, “Well something is, because ever since Peter came to the tower, you’ve ceased to exist.”
“Sorry little dude,” Tony mumbled to the hot-rod red appliance. He then turned to the coffee maker, which had been patiently waiting for him to collect his coffee. He thanked the machine, pouring himself a mug full and sighing when the caffeine burned a hot trail over his tongue and down his throat.
It was a perfectly warm, windy summer day in the city, something Tony could fully appreciate when Central Park finally came into view. Across the Columbus Circle, standing next to a FedEx office, the green trees of the park could be seen. Tony almost felt his shoulders drop with the feeling of relief when the screaming of children could be heard over the car traffic. He looked down to see Peter with a smile on his face, still gripping the life out of the older man’s fingers. Despite how hard Tony looked at Peter, he could not find a smidge of disappointment on the child’s face, and god he had never felt so relieved.
“Well that just doesn't make sense. We meet kids all the time out in the field, you love signing their drawings with red crayons. Why is Peter any different?” Steve questioned, taking a step forward and trying to keep his voice calm. The last thing they needed right now was for him to get angry at Tony for keeping his walls up. He took a step backward in response to the Captain’s advances, not needing comfort nor closeness in this conversation. Steve made a note not to move forward again, not wanting to do anything to cause Tony to bolt.
I hope you guys enjoy the chapter. And feel free to follow any of my media accounts, I love talking and interacting with each and every one of you!
Steve wanted to scream, why did Tony Stark always bring out the worst in him? Cap gritted his teeth to stifle the rising scream, instead he managed to seeth through his teeth, “What is your problem, Tony? You’ve never been bad with kids, and you insist that you are because you can’t handle the duty of being a co-parent!”
Silence followed, causing Tony to look from the bath to the boy standing behind him. Peter shrugged in answer, and that really wasn’t helpful. He could have asked the kid to put his hand under the water to test it, but what if warm to Tony was boiling to Peter, and the small hand was burned off in the process? Yes it didn’t make any logical sense, Pete’s hands could not be burned off by bath water, but Tony wasn’t about to take any chances. Crazier things had happened in the tower before.
He stifled a yawn as he walked out into the hallway, telling stories of Bucky having made him exhausted as well. A glance at the clock and oh boy, it was way too early for Tony Stark to go to bed. But taking care of a five year old was draining; they had so much energy. And nobody was there to point out that Tony was making a healthy decision, so there was really no reason
Tony locked gazes with Steve, and when the mechanic didn’t turn away, Steve closed the distance between them, gently wrapping his arms around the shorter man.
And then there was Tony.
“I’m sorry,” Cap managed, mumbling into soft brown waves.
There were so many parks in Midtown Manhattan. Chelsea Park, Bryant Park, Robert Moses Playground, St. Vartan Park, Madison Square Park, Bellevue South Park and then that one park by Hell’s Kitchen. The reviews were unreliable and all over the place due to white soccer moms and what their idea of a “good” park was, and Tony was panicking. Because obviously Peter had a specific park in mind and the kid seemed so excited to go and scream along with the other small children. But Cap hadn’t left a Post-It note with his signature smiley face in the right corner telling Tony what to do. It almost felt as though he had been set up, doomed to disappoint the child.
Pepper sighed deeply from the other end of the line, and for someone who didn’t know Pepper, they would have assumed she was extremely angry. But having known Pepper for so long, Tony knew she was smiling alongside her eye rolling and exasperated exhaling. He allowed himself a small grin as he gazed into the coffee mug.
“Pete, do you like your crusts on your bread?” Tony asked, the coffee maker gurgling happily in the background.
I hope you enjoyed! Onward to the next chapter :)
It was obvious that the man had not been alerted by his AI that the two were at the door. His head bobbing continued, mouthing the words along to the song that Steve only vaguely recognized. And for a second, Steve didn’t want to enter the workshop. He wanted to keep watching, Tony singing along to songs and surrounded in Arc Reactor blue. He loved seeing the man in his element. It was some of the only times that the man looked unburdened by the world, finding freedom in guitar riffs and drum solos.
“Cut them off, please!” Peter called back from the living room floor, voice floating from the space obstructed by the sofa. Tony grinned to himself, taking some odd happiness in having to perform the same duty Jarvis had executed all those years ago.
“Okay. Okay. I ruined the toast even more. Fine. What do you want instead?” Tony asked, taking the paper plate from Peter and setting it on the counter next to the coffee machine. He tried not to let the annoyance seep into his tone, because being a picky eater was nothing to be ashamed of, and getting angry at the kid because he didn’t want ‘paper towel toast’ sounded like a waste of time.
Sooner than later, the media stopped covering Cap’s morning run. Whether the news reporters were getting too tired at waking up at such an ungodly hour, or they were bored by the Captain’s lack of reaction, Tony could only guess. But Rogers was left alone every morning to his run in Central Park, something he swore relaxed him and started his day off with a smile. Which Tony thought was absolute bullshit because who in their right mind enjoyed running? But then again, Tony’s lung capacity was not the greatest, so maybe he was a little biased.
“Yes, you can. Peter loves you!” Cap exclaimed as he dug out his duffel bag, stuffing his pile of clothes in it without caring to fold them, “You’re great at co-paren-”
The Captain walked over to him, gently placing large hands on the shorter man’s shoulders, “Tony. I know you can do this. Okay? You’re stronger than you think.”
to be in their family. It reminded him of the times when Bucky and him would finish the crappy, ten cent puzzles on the small wobbly dining table in the dilapidated Brooklyn apartment. That indescribable satisfaction when suddenly, everything made sense. Things were complete, and Steve was certain Peter was the puzzle piece they didn’t know they’d been missing.
“Excuse me if I don’t care what you were using as an excuse to mope down here-”
“Mr. Steve always tells me a story before I go to bed,” Peter mumbled, voice thick with sleep. The boy seemed to be barely awake, but Tony knew that if he did not tell Pete a story, the boy would not be going to sleep anytime soon.
“I will admit, I’m very disappointed to see Steve is a taken man. But you’re soft on the eyes too, so I’ll let this one slide. You both make a wonderfully good-looking pair.”
And he was being stupid, of course that wouldn’t help, Peter wouldn’t find any comfort-
“Mommy a-and Daddy… They were… The plane… And eyepatch man told Aunt they were dead… and I-” Peter was having a hard time getting out just exactly what he wanted to say, but Tony could piece together enough to know that the child had been reliving the death of his parents.
“What the hell, Pep? No, of course I did not
Tony had been keeping this all in, all to himself. Every cell in his enhanced body told him to hug Tony, to comfort the man who was drying his tears a few feet away. He could easily push him off, sure, and Cap would feel the slight sting of rejection. But taking the risk to comfort his teammate, dare he say friend, far outweighed the danger of Tony’s possible reaction.
“Did ya bring berries today? Did you bring the black ones? They like the black ones the best,” Peter asked with excitement, clasping his hands together behind his back as if trying to contain his overflow of joy. Tony could see Pete’s fingers wiggling however, obviously not successful in holding back his enthusiasm.
“Unless you know a different Captain America, then yes,” Tony grumbled in response, taking another swig of coffee and deliberately ignoring her last question, “Cap insists on pushing his parental responsibilities onto me whenever he can. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think he’s roping me into a non-consensual parenthood,” but of course, he did know better. He knew that Cap didn’t see Tony in such a way that he’d want to ‘co-parent’ with him. Hell, Tony wasn’t even sure the super-soldier knew gay parenting was basically accepted nowadays.
“I’m on board with it,” Natasha announced, pulling Steve away from the long stare he was giving the unaware mechanic, “It’ll be difficult, of course. Peter’s not going to have a normal life.”
“Um, well, you see-” he tried, his voice feeble and quickly tapering off as Pepper quickly interrupted him.
“DUM-E escorted young Sir into the hall upon my orders. I thought it might be the best course of action,” JARVIS explained, as if he had read Steve’s mind, hearing the stream of concern.
agreed to raise a goddamn child,
The genius tensed, but he hugged back anyway, allowing slightly shaking hands to hold the overjoyed child. A smile spread across Tony’s face as Pete giggled, and the man looked up at the super soldier above them, smile reaching his brown eyes for the first time in a while.
“Oh god Pete, Mr. Steve is gonna kill us,” Tony muttered as he observed the mess they had created. The bathroom was wetter than it had ever been or needed to be, and it was going to be a bitch sopping up with towels.
Peter had loved the gift, squealing with joy a night later when he entered his room to find Iron Man flying around and around, following the perimeter of the boy’s ceiling. Cap had been just as surprised to see the toy, based on the soft chuckle Tony strained to pick up on from his hiding spot around the corner.
Tony gaped at her, mouth opening and closing, trying to find the words to tell her she had everything all wrong. That really, she was making everything worse, and that she should really stop pushing the idea of Steve and him together deeper and deeper into the recesses of his mind. But she looked so convinced in her statement, and Peter was looking at him with big brown eyes, and Tony literally didn’t know what else to do but nod and stare at the both of them as if they had a third eye. His shock (and slightly dissociative state) left him with the ability to do only that.
He knew he had to call Pepper. But he had been avoiding doing such for as long as he possibly could. Because, well. She hadn’t a clue of the reason he had been so radio silent. And he had a suspicion Pepper wouldn’t react too casually to the idea of Tony Stark taking care of a small human. But not telling her that he was basically 3 days behind on his work would throw her off her schedule, and she would be consequently livid. Tony did not need a livid Pepper when he had a five year old to take care of.
He, however, did not have the stamina of a super-soldier or a child; a fact of which he was painfully reminded of as the hunt for the berry lady began.
“Yes, yes, toast. Coming right up,” he conceded with a sigh, bare feet meeting the guest room carpet as he sat on the edge of the bed. Peter squealed in delight, scrambling off the bed and sprinting out of the room, running feet thumping down the hall towards the kitchen. Tony followed behind the boy, albeit much slower and without an abundant amount of energy.
“Monster, monster!” Peter screamed, sending his sock flying with a particularly strong kick to where the bearded man’s face had been before he ducked. And damn it if Tony wasn’t losing his cool, because machines never acted this way and it had taken seven fucking minutes to get that one sock on his tiny elusive feet and now he was getting aimed kicks to the face and of course Howard’s wonderful parenting would automatically take over before Tony could think.
“JARVIS, I had reminders in place, didn’t I? Why didn’t you tell me?” Tony spat, stress folding on itself and settling back on his shoulders. It was a heavy, familiar feeling, and not at all welcome. Something in the back of his mind supplied that this stress had not rested on his shoulders since spending all of his time taking care of Peter Parker, but Tony quickly ignored this.
Steve received a wet snort at this, as though it was funny, and Cap was confused until Tony mumbled into his chest, “You said dick.”
Peter rushed back to his toys as the Poptarts were placed in the toaster. The beep the toaster made sounded annoyed, as if it didn’t know why it had to cook something else when the bread had been toasted perfectly.
The rest of the team sat in silence as they watched Tony’s retreating figure almost sprint to the stairs. The man never used the stairs, unless he needed to get out of the situation so fast that waiting for the elevator would be too slow. The only other time he had seen Stark take the stairs was when the team sat him down to talk about PTSD, and specifically, what was written in his file pertaining to Afghanistan.
Peter paused his playing, looking off into the distance with a very Cap-esque concentration. The boy nodded to himself as if resolving an internal conversation, eyebrows furrowed in determination, before turning back to his toys, “Twelve o’clock.”
Cap’s words echoed loudly in his skull, bouncing off of each other in an intimidating fashion. The man’s words had implied that ‘bath and sleep’ shouldn’t be too hard to accomplish. And Tony had never heard screams coming from the bathroom when Cap corralled the boy in for his bathtime, so it was plausible that Tony could do this. Peter wasn’t a bad child after all, how hard could this be?
“No it’s not. Mr. Steve says you don’t go to bed until two sometimes,” and damn it, the kid had pulled the ‘you don’t do it so why should I’ card. The worst card of them all, and Peter had thrown it out on the table in their first argument. Fucking hell, this was going to be a long week.
Peter was smiling as if he had shared the best joke Tony would ever hear. It was a complete, pure joy, one that radiated from Pete and infected the room. He focused on that toothy grin, pulling at his heartstrings like it was trying to tug him away from deserts and dry heat. And, okay, wow, that had never happened before. It hadn’t been possible to pull him back from those horrid images, until that moment in the communal bathroom. No matter who was there when it happened, or even when Tony was alone; he had always,
Yay, new chapter! And not horribly crippling angst! This is the first chapter that I've written in a long time without ripping my heart in two, so that's an accomplishment.
For a brief second, he considered calling Bruce. Tony didn’t know a quarter of what Bruce knew on how to take care of a child; Peter’s chance of injury would marginally decrease if Dr. Banner was there instead. But Tony was a Stark man, and Stark men were made of iron, and if a five year old could best the man behind the Iron Man suit, it would be high time to retire. He would be left alone to tinker with old cars, ridicule DUM-E, and mourn the good ol’ days. And although there were worse things than a lonely retirement, Tony wasn’t quite ready to accept this fate. He could not call Bruce Banner.
“Tony? Tony, what was that?” Pepper interrogated, something akin to anxiety in her tone. Tony could almost see her leaning forward on her desk by her elbows, ankles crossing and ungodly high heels clicking together. Her perfect eyebrows were probably raised in the particular way that she reserved for Tony’s many questionable decisions. The same expression had become known worldwide, when some photographer had been able to capture the moment Pepper realized Tony Stark was getting in a race car to ‘recklessly drive fast’ in the streets of Milan.
“I’m sorry buddy, I’m sorry, too close to lava? I’m sorry, let’s try again,” Tony profusely apologized, feeling a slight bit of pride in his response. Howard would have screamed at Peter, telling him that he just had to deal with the scalding hot water. He would never let anyone treat Pete like that, ever.
, and for the life of me I can’t figure out why you have such a problem with this!”
“Okay then. When will you be done playing?” Tony questioned, eyes flitting from the child on the floor to the clock on the wall that read 8:36.
“Oh, right. Okay,” and he honestly  wasn’t sure what he was feeling. It was an odd mix of relief and something that could have possibly been disappointment. Sadness, maybe? It was hard to decipher the tight ball of feelings replacing his thumping heart in that moment.
subscribe. I don’t need porn when I have superheros working out in my gym,” Tony pointed out, thinking of one superhero in particular. And he really shouldn’t have said that, because Pepper Potts was not dumb. He had been caught by his CEO giving Cap’s retreating form the ‘I’m not looking but I totally am’ on numerous occasions. And no matter how many times he had tried to deny her accusations of glancing at that American ass, she was sure on what she had seen; Pepper knew what Tony Stark looked like when he was checking people out.
wanted to get up and grab it, giving him something to focus while he waited for Pepper to berate him or begrudgingly allow his procrastination. But he felt frozen in the moment, and moving out of his seat felt like an impossible thing in that moment.
“No,” Peter protested, crossing his arms with a determined pout to his lips. And Tony, for the life of him, could not understand why ‘no’, because the toast looked perfectly fine. The butter pools were now gone, surely Peter could eat the toast.
Peter responded with a quick and precise nod, large brown eyes still locked onto Tony as if in defense mode, watching the man’s every move and assessing whether he was in danger. The older man’s heart sank to the floor.
“Pete, we uh, we can’t stay up till’ midnight, okay? That’s way past bedtime,” Tony attempted. Peter looked up from his toys, brown eyes falling on the man with innocent curiosity.
” and dear Lord Tony was starting to get loud, but Steve didn’t honestly care anymore. He had forgotten that Peter was in the room, Tony’s screams zeroing the whole universe in on him as they always did.
“Yup! But he always lets me get him back,” Peter seemed to remember this fact as he said it, because as soon as he finished his sentence, his head snapped up to look at the genius. A mischievous smile began to spread across small lips, innocent eyes glinting with something that should have warned Tony.
Steve’s breath suddenly caught in his throat, watching brown eyes glisten with happiness, gold and dark reds highlighted by his wide smile. Warm, welcoming, beautiful; not quite Peggy’s shade, something particular and familiar.
But he couldn’t make mistakes this time around, because this was a fucking
Cap thanked the ceiling as Peter ran up to them, jumping up and down with excitement, “We played chase! I won!” DUM-E chirped happily, raising it’s one metal arm up and waving it about, as if celebrating. Tony chuckled, and to Steve’s surprise, crouched down to Peter’s level. He held out his arms slightly, tentatively, as if not sure asking for a hug was necessarily what he wanted.. The small boy immediately backed up, glancing frantically at Cap.
When Peter was down to his underwear, Tony went over to the bath, turning the spout on and testing the temperature, “Buddy, how hot does Mr. Steve usually make your bath?”
cute.Stark’s gaze had gone so fuzzy and awed, and Steve was sure his heart had melted into a useless puddle.
“Don’t you dare say parenting Rogers, I swear to god!”
“You’re welcome. I’ve been told my pizza breath is simply divine,” he retorted, grin spreading across his lips as they once more fell into familiar banter. The super soldier offered Tony an exasperated, yet somehow still fond smile, before returning to the duffel bag. He zipped everything up, carrying his shield on one arm and bag in the other, and the pang of anxiety hit Tony once more at the thought that Cap was leaving and he was going to be
know?
Steve huffed as relief spread through him, rolling his eyes fondly, “Of course that’s what you took away from that.”
happening because he was
It was a jerky conversation, full of stops and fast-spoken words, and before Tony knew it, Nat was already hanging up.
Steve gave Clint a hopeful smile, appreciating the reassurance, knowing that he would be feeling much differently if he didn’t have the team supporting him. He then turned to Bruce, sitting next to him on the couch. The doctor was staring intently at Tony, who was still tapping furiously at his Starkpad, offering nothing to the conversation.
“Mister Steve said you didn’t want hugs, Mister Iron Man,” Peter warned, the five year old furrowing his brow and frowning, lower lip jutting out in a pout. Steve’s gaze fell to Tony, who opened his arms a little wider, an unsure smile gracing his lips.
Now Steve was really stumped, because if it wasn’t the Arc Reactor, and it wasn’t the physical contact, then it had to be something mental. Of course, they all had their fair share of mental scars and inhibitors, but being afraid of a small child? Steve couldn’t wrap his head around what the problem was. Because as far as he knew, Tony had never had a traumatic experience of a kid attacking him, and it sounded really unlikely that would have happened. There was a reason, but Steve didn’t even know where to begin.
Things seem to be getting better for Tony. That is, until the universe decides that this just won't do.
And then he stepped into the bathroom, smile slipping from his face, recalling what bathtime entailed. Peter was sat on the bath mat, waiting for Tony to help him get ready.
Grabbing the butter out of the fridge and a knife from one of the kitchen drawers, he prepared Peter’s toast with an inexperienced hand. It was toasty enough to be crunchy, which was a good sign. But the butter was melting in pools, and maybe butter pools was what Peter liked?
“Is to!”
Peter settled into the bath with a satisfied smile on his face, and Tony let out a breath without even realizing he had been holding it. He had passed the first step,
Bruce sighed, rubbing the heels of his hands into his eyes.
“Did he teach you to be angry?” and fuck, this kid was getting to the bottom of this faster than Rogers or Bruce or any therapist ever had. Peter blinked up at the older man, whose face had gone cold and guarded, staring back at the child as if he had been asked something as simple as ‘do you like apples?’ Peter must have sensed he had done something wrong, because next thing Tony knew, the tiny body wriggled into his lap, the back of his head resting up against the arc reactor. The movement shocked Tony out of his dark thoughts, and the man looked down to see Peter looking right back up at him, an awed look on his face as if he hadn’t known the bearded man would look upside down at this angle. His tiny hand was holding the sock he had flung almost minutes before, offering it to Tony.
hugs were a damning warmth, burying him in such a comforting heat that it was hard to believe the man had lived in ice for seventy years.
Tony was at a loss for words. An unusual phenomenon, something Pepper had always vehemently insisted did not exist. A speechless Tony Stark? Impossible. Yet there he sat, staring at the holographic screens, his tongue light and lying awkwardly in his mouth without the weight of words sitting on it.
Steve Rogers? As in Captain America? He thought it would be a good idea to leave you alone with a child?”
He froze in fear. Oh shit. He had totally forgotten all about the 5 year old, only a room over.
“I have time,” Tony replied, avoiding Pepper’s question because he in fact did not have a single sketch done, “I’ll be able to whip it all up before the meeting in a couple of weeks-”
“No, no, trust me, Captain America is still very much a blushing virgin,” Tony chuckled, restraining himself from adding that he would be happy to change this fact.
“Toast is ready, Pete,” Tony announced to the unseen figure, who popped into view and dashed to the dining table at the mention of breakfast. He set the plate of buttered toast at the boy’s seat. He watched as Peter picked up his toast, nervous that Peter wouldn’t like it. He didn't want to see the look on the boy’s face when he figured out that Tony was a sub-par adult, unfit to give Peter what he needs. Tony hastily turned to the coffee machine, too inexplicably nervous to watch the recognizable look of disappointment settle on Pete’s face. The genius watched the last few drops of brown liquid fall into the pot, trying not to listen for cries of disgust.
Tony was almost out the door, having turned on the night light and made sure that the Iron Man flying around was fully functional, when a groan of protest came from the bed. He looked over to find wide eyes looking back at him, peeking out from under the covers.
The constant moving ceased at the feeling of the older man tensing up, but the weight of the child did not leave. Tony tried to breathe long and deep, attempting to trick Peter into letting him sleep in longer, because Tony was honestly not ready to take care of a child for a full day. Maybe, just maybe, if he pretended he was still sleeping, all his responsibilities would miraculously disappear.
“Uh. Pete, buddy. Why’d you tell old Gladus over there that I’m your… Dad?” Tony asked the boy, trying to catch his gaze. But Peter continued on, throwing berry after berry into the lake with some sort of rhythm that he had in his head. Tony almost believed Peter was too deep in duck-feeding to have heard him, and was about to repeat the words, when Peter paused his berry throwing to shrug. His shoulders rose to dramatic heights and stayed at his ears for a considerable amount of time, as if he had just started to learn how to shrug from observing others, and hadn’t quite mastered the subject.
- hair to the lyric ‘
“A… Uh. Hm,” Tony dug his fingernails into his knees, thinking about all the words he could use to describe what “a Howard” was. Most were inappropriate for the current audience.
The too-hot bath water went down the drain, Tony trying yet again once all remains of the offending water had disappeared. This time, he let the bath fill with a much colder water, and it actually made a little bit of sense that Rogers would draw cold water for baths. Ever since the ice, he had always been a slight bit more sensitive to hot temperatures. Of course, that never stopped Cap from going on his morning runs in 90 degree weather. But with small things, such as preparing a bath for a child, he would adjust things to his own sense of temperature without even thinking.
Tony was getting ready to crack some joke, to somehow release the tension in the air. Tension that, frankly, didn’t need to be there, because Tony was over Pepper and was ‘happy for Happy.’ But before he could decide on which joke would ease the tension best, a voice floated in from the living room.
“Okay Peter, let’s try this again. Boner killer water might be up your alley,” Tony announced, helping him back into the bath once more. This time, the boy didn’t squirm or shout in discomfort, so he knew he must have done something right.
“Boner water is good,” Peter agreed, nodding and patting his hands against the surface of the water, watching the ripples with content. Hell, Cap was really going to kill Tony when he got back, but at least it felt so worth it in the moment.
This was always the worst part during the impending catastrophe, when the doom was setting in and he
I loved this chapter, and I hope all of you love it too! Don't forget to leave feedback, I live off of every single review XD
Tony looked over to Peter at that moment, wondering if their loud conversation was possibly bothering the boy. However, he simply looked content. This could easily have been because there were Poptarts waiting in the toaster for him.
Removing the twist-tie from the sandwich bag, he pulled out a single slice of bread. It reminded him of when he was a child, watching Jarvis do the same with a small Tony insisting that all crusts be cut off in the background. Jarvis had done what the young Stark had requested without question, and those mornings were some of the few moments in his childhood where he had felt listened to.
Tony gently wet Pete’s hair while he tried to contain his laughter, filling the red solo cup perched on the bathtub ledge with water. Peter instructed the genius to keep a hand at the boy’s hairline to make sure no water got in his eyes. Tony did as best he could, and considering the lack of shrieks coming from Peter, he fancied himself doing a good job.
He paused to throw on a large shirt from one of the wooden drawers. He had no clue as to who’s shirt it was; the guest room was a bed for the people that were too tired to make it up to their respective floors. Clothes were left behind all the time, and the next user of the guest room was allowed to borrow said clothes if need be. This rule had been implicitly made after Tony had a romp in the guest room, he and his partner having been too hot and bothered to make it up to his own floor. That morning, he had walked out into the living room with no clothes on, to the horror of the team enjoying their morning. From then on, the dressers were full of mismatched clothing items for all sizes, not-so-subtly urging Tony to leave his birthday suit for the bedroom.
And he really didn’t have much of an issue with this new rule. Having clothes to walk out with meant he wouldn't have to walk bare into the chilly, colder-than-Peter’s-boner-water air. And if it meant Tony could snatch up a white SSR shirt that was much too large on him and not get an odd look, well. That was just a small bonus.
Steve shifted uncomfortably on the plush couch he was sharing with Bruce, thinking of the media’s grabby hands. How they twisted up stories and made up love affairs between them all like it was some fun game. What stories would they craft about Peter? One night stand gone wrong? Pete
!” Steve roared, fist now clenched at his sides, fingernails biting painfully into his palms.
Tony had almost forgotten he and the boy were part of the very exclusive ‘my parents died to mysterious accidents’ club. His heart sunk at the fact that maybe the boy was still waiting for his dad to come home, waiting for that plane that would never come back to land.
“I want toast!” Peter protested, and evidently the child didn’t give two shits about the man’s weak heart if it meant he wasn’t going to be getting toast. His grip on Peter stopped the boy from bouncing however, so at least that was a plus.
anybody here. I’m alone. With a child,” and simply just saying such a thing brought shivers of fear down his spine. Tony was still trying is hardest to deny the reality that despite learning jack shit about parenting, the life of a child was in his calloused hands.
Everything was okay though. They could deal with one less adult; some people with kids only had themselves to babysit. So the remaining Avengers could deal with one less person in their parental unit of four, right?
Everything stopped at that moment. Everything froze. Steve felt like he was under the ice again, cold and shocked and useless. Useless as tears slid down oil-streaked cheeks. Useless as he realized that his friend had been a horrible, horrible father. Useless.
“Toast? Please?” Peter pleaded, pulling the man out of his musings. And Tony really wanted to say no, because the bed was comfortable and taking care of the child was something he was not qualified for. If social workers caught wind of the Avengers leaving young, impressionable Peter Parker with notorious ex-playboy Tony Stark, they would all collectively have an aneurysm. And even though Tony had stated, several times he might add, that he was done with that lifestyle in front of heaps of reporters, it didn’t seem to make a difference. He would still be seen as the man from his party days.
“Well, when I wear the suit, I’m Iron Man. But my real name is Tony?” and it ended like a question because what if the only reason Peter tolerated him was because he thought he was only Iron Man? Maybe Tony should have just said that he was Iron Man and had no idea why Cap called him that. Had he just screwed this up?
This was the last thing Tony expected to happen on a Saturday morning.
was going to be the one left alone to take care of him! I can’t do this Rogers, I just can’t-” Tony was freaking out now, waving his hands about in wide gestures, trying to convey to the Captain that his distress was much more important than any mission the man could be assigned.
She winked at him as if they had just shared a secret, a knowing look in her eyes as if he had told her everything without uttering a single word.
He choked on an inhale, the need to laugh and the need to reprimand himself fighting for air. The five year old watched on in concern, and the mechanic just
Peter was excited to see just where Iron Man worked, almost vibrating next to Steve. He gently held the young boy’s hand, hoping to keep the kid by his side, because although Tony had been proofing the tower, he assumed the man had not thought to proof his own workshop.
parental responsibilities?” Pepper questioned, hysteria slowly beginning to seep through her tone, “Why does Steve have parental responsibilities? Are you telling me Steve is a
Steve was surprised to see a red tint flush on Tony’s cheeks as the man smiled, watching it slightly darken the man’s tan skin. He tried to catch his breath, because there was suddenly something about Tony he felt he was missing, but desperately needed to catch. Something so familiar, and if he stared a little bit longer, maybe he’d recognize it…
Cap hadn’t mentioned nightmares, but Peter was paler than the super soldier's fair Irish skin, and the poor boy looked like he had seen a ghost.
The boy nodded again and detached himself from the man’s legs, instead reaching a small hand out and curling it around two fingers on Tony’s right hand.
Peter dropped his figurines at that, looking genuinely concerned for the Iron Man flying around his room, “Why would Iron Man be sad?”
The sound of quick pitter-patter caused Tony to pivot on his feet, watching as the crying five year old emerged from the living room and barreled towards the mechanic. It was a collision course straight for Tony’s legs, the miniature Iron Man flying lazily behind him, making sure the small boy was safe. Peter wrapped his arms around Tony’s legs as soon as he reached the genius. Small hands grasped his boxers with an iron grip, fragile body shaking with tears. Tony ran a calloused hand through the boy’s hair, shushing him and muttering words of comfort while Peter’s Iron Man flew above them in slow circles.
It was a little quieter without Clint crawling around in the vents or placing the coffee grounds where Tony couldn’t reach. But the team had been separated before, and it wasn’t actually new to them, despite feeling that way after living with each other for a few months.
And damn it, Tony’s weak heart was pumping against the arc reactor like it was trying to get out. He honestly didn’t know what would happen if Peter said yes in that moment. Would he accept his fate of being Dad? Would he spiral into panic? Would he scold Pete with the whole of Central Park watching? Would he dive headfirst into the lake in hopes responsibilities stayed on land? Anything was fair game in that moment.
“What’s a Howard?” Peter asked, voice hushed as if he were too afraid to give the man a reason to get angry. It was a scared tone, an anxious one; the same tone that Tony had used with Edwin Jarvis, asking questions about why Dad had been mad while the butler was bandaging him up.
As he replayed the scene over and over in his mind, the weight on his shoulders feeling lighter than it had in a little while, he started a new design for a mini Iron Man suit. Designed to fly around a child’s room, emitting a calm hum to help the boy fall fast asleep.
Tony looked down at his shoes and hastily detached his fingers from the hem of his shirt, using the backs of his hands to wipe away the wet, salty trails on his cheeks. He sniffled as his arms fell to his sides, and he finally looked up at the super soldier once more. Tony’s brown eyes were bloodshot, glassy from tears, and Steve was suddenly able to move again.
“I dunno, how’d your first date with my head of security go?” Tony shot back, teasing without an intent to hurt. But suddenly, the mood shifted over the phone. And wasn’t he just great at shifting the mood? Going too far was something he was an expert at; one of the very many things that eventually pushed Pepper away. And sure, maybe that had been a bit too harsh to say. Meeting in the middle had been a sore subject when it came to their relationship. It had been a major reason why Pepper slept on the couch most nights towards the end of their relationship; why they had such loud arguments when Tony came home late in an Iron Man suit with scorch marks.
“Did you have a bad dream?” Tony mumbled to the boy wrapped around his legs. Peter gave a few jerky nods and sniffled.
Tony Stark attempts to avoid confrontation from Captain America and a 5 year old boy. It does not go as planned.
And then there had been Peter, giggling as if his birthday had come early, his first present being a hug from “Mr. Iron Man.” Tony hadn’t been able to stop the smile from forming on his face, despite his weak heart nervously palpitating underneath small hands. Eventually, he pulled away from the hug, smile weak as the child looked at him in wonder. It was a small victory of course, something so trivial to be happy about, and yet Tony hadn’t been able to stop the swell of joy that had filled his chest. Tony Stark had just hugged a child and hadn’t hurt them. There could be some physical contact that didn’t involve pain; Tony could make a small human happy. He could pretend all he wanted, could tell himself that it was weak to be so happy about something so small, but Peter liked Tony and damn it if he wasn’t over the moon with it all.
“It’s a mission. Clint’s not here, so Fury’s calling you in with me, Steve,” Natasha announced as she got out of her chair quickly, leaving her food behind as she rushed off to her room, presumably to get her suit and gadgets. Captain Rogers cursed under his breath as he rocketed out of his chair, eyes landing on Peter and then Tony, both looking up at him with fear in their eyes, both for different reasons.
“I’m okay with Peter!” Tony protested, head snapping up to look him dead in the eye, “Peter isn’t the problem.”
At least this is what Tony told himself until Bruce stopped by the communal living room, hastily packed duffel bag slung over his shoulder, announcing that he “got a call from a girl and had to go to some university.” Of course, this wasn’t exactly what the scientist said, but Tony hadn’t been actually listening until he realized what the words meant.
Tony had then left his hiding spot, walking away and down the hall, stupid grin stretching across his lips as yelps of excitement faded away. And although Peter had been tired and grumpy the next day, having stayed up too late in his uncontrollable joy the night before, Tony Stark regretted nothing.
Tony must have seen something in Cap’s blue eyes, because he looked down at Peter with a grim expression, “Hey Pete, why don’t you go play with DUM-E over there. He loves meeting new people,” the man pointed over to the robot, who chirped at his name. The boy giggled with brimming joy, running at DUM-E who was now scooting around in circles, happy to have a new playmate.
He was about to apologize again when he saw Tony sway dangerously on his feet. His apology was interrupted by Tony speaking in a shaky voice.
“Maria are you out of your mind?! Your know my rule weakens day by day. Our army is half the size of what it used to be. Anthony is going to save us from losing control. Not only that, he will save our people from starving and constant wars. That is what I was here to talk about. I have made my decision.”
I get that this life of mine
“My, my!” Clint said, looking impressed yet shocked now. Natasha and the others mirrored that expression.
“Since the cook today is the Emperor Consort Prince Anthony himself,” Agatha continued, “may he taste the food first.”
“Okay kids” said Steve, “Make way for Dad.” Steve said with a smirk of his own. Their banter was helping him calm down.
Tony’s thought process was interrupted by the sound of a heavy sword swooshing in the air. With Tony’s experience in weapon design and making, he knew this was no ordinary sword. He had to take a look. He got up from his bed and walked to the balcony attached to his quarters. The balcony gave him complete view of the other wing of the Palace and the courtyard below.
“Guys I’ll be walking home. Don’t wait up” that’s all he said to Sam and Buck as he walked past them as well, in a hurry to get to the exit.
She said it without realising the kind of affect it had on Tony. Her words turned into wretched sobs as she cried on Tony’s shoulder. Tony’s mouth was agape. He was frozen in shock, hardly believing what he had just heard, even as tears flowed freely from his eyes. The gravity of the situation hit him hard. His mother was right. It was better to kill yourself than face a lifetime of abuse again. He closed his palm on the vial and felt the cool metal burn into his skin and leave a permanent scar.
“As you wish,” the King said and Steve knew that soon a Western province would be a part of his Empire.
Pepper asked him what she was to do with the letter he wrote yesterday and the vial of poison. Tony asked for those to be placed with his belongings in a secret compartment. They could be still of use. One could never know.
General Fury looked at him in alarm, contemplating the consequences of Steve appearing as an incapable and weak emperor in the eyes of the enemy and his own army.
The swords clinked as Tony struck his to Rhodey’s. The fight was evenly matched. Rhodey advanced on Tony, forcing him to retreat to the pavilion in the centre of the courtyard. Tony paused and crouched low with his sword held ready. He assessed his threat.
Natasha and Clint, quickly shuffled towards the small coffee shop on the flying marvel that the helicarrier was, trying their best to avoid what was to follow. Natasha, before leaving, sent a look of concern towards Tony, to which he nodded and smiled. The paparazzi smile. She knew something was up. Maybe she can confront him later. Then she sent a quick warning look towards Steve as if to say - go easy on him. Going by his expression, she knew Steve had dismissed it completely in his rage. They made their exit, hoping the argument would not be as bad as last time.
” Steve hissed, his cheeks now turning an adorable bright red, and Tony tried to hide his smile.
“Me? Oh, no, I’m not strong enough to take on such a beast. But you, you look more than capable of dealin’ it a good bit o’ damage at least!”
Where there’s smoke, there’s fire, right?
“I wasn’t, I just said he don’t gotta sit by himself if he don’t wanna--”
But Rhodey didn’t reply.
Steve threw the ball.
“Yeah, sorry I didn’t mention that sooner.” Tony’s mouth quirks in a self-deprecating smile. “So, uh, I suppose you want me to head out?”
He hoped the shock on Barnes’ face was a good sign.
Steve is waiting at the airlock, nearly bouncing with the anticipation of finally seeing Tony again. He forces himself to still his movements, after what Tony had implied about his companion’s current emotional state.
He’s alone, but not for long.
Steve swallowed, wondering if Tony would recommend the same thing Bruce had. “I can’t talk to a stranger about this.”
Steve smiles. “Always, Tony. Do you fancy me?”
“We have something for you,” Dad continued, “But we also want something from you.”
“Hmm?” Bucky glanced up at his boyfriend, who was looking down at the inside of Bucky’s metal hand.
But all it took was a hug from his son, a punch on the arm from Nat, a terrible joke from Clint, or a kiss on the cheek from Tony, to bring him back to the here and now. To his family, who would always keep him warm.
“Surgery?” Steve asked Natasha, not remembering what the stories--apparently horrifyingly true stories--had to say about that.
Tony’s first day at a new school is rough, but it gets better.
[]--c
Then Maria starts to fade.
. This must have taken Bucky weeks, maybe months, even if he had JARVIS’ help. “You’re incredible. Thank you.”
“I recommend not actually
Not seeing who he was seeking immediately, he strode desperately toward the two ambulances, brushing past a cop who tried to tell him to stay back.
And when Tony looked over at him, there was a look of dismay on his face.
The mark reappeared for five days when he was eleven. He wasn’t sure how long it was there the third time--it was there when he found out his parents had been killed, and gone when he came out of a drunken stupor a few days later for the funeral.
“Then let’s do this,” Bucky declared. “Steve, if you grab another plate and all, I’ll grab a third chair... that is, unless you just wanna sit on my lap, doll?”
Tony shrugs, still laying on his back, turning away to look up at the ceiling again. Steve moves his hand down to grip Tony’s hand, interlacing their fingers. Tony doesn’t return the grip, but he doesn’t pull away either. “We stop. You leave.”
Bucky and Steve fought over who was going to pay for the ice cream. When Tony started to take out his own wallet, Steve pushed it down and told him, “Absolutely not,” which distracted him enough that Bucky was gleefully able to hand his cash to the bored cashier.
“Steve Rogers says legend is full of shit.”
Tony looks to the rearview mirror, wondering why they haven’t started, and Jarvis is looking back at him expectantly. Not quite disappointed, not yet, but he doesn’t look happy.
He managed to turn enough to look behind them, where their other partner was bringing up the rear. When he noticed Steve’s glance back, Tony gave a reassuring smile. “I think we’re almost there.”
Eventually Tony’s breathing evens out, but he’s still tense enough Steve can tell he hasn’t fallen asleep.
The dragon looked... regretful? “There have been a few I’ve had to kill or they’d have killed me. The rest, I manage to scare or nonfatally injure, and they give up and leave.”
“I will,” Tony promised.
Steve studies him, and Tony can see that tactical mind at work. At last, he says, “I have an idea. Turn back to what you were doing.”
Alive, and still himself around everyone but Steve. He’d never shout his anger out at Steve, never have a chance of working through the rage to possibly, maybe revive their old friendship. He was alive... and forever lost to Steve.
“I can’t lose you... especially not before I’ve told you how I feel about you.”
“Fine?” Steve repeats. He pulls out, rolling over onto his side facing Tony. He reaches out a hand to gently turn Tony’s face toward him. “Sweetheart, if you need to use your safeword--”
“He’s not
It felt as though the air had been punched out of his lungs, rushing out of him as if it couldn’t get out fast enough. Dad? Gladus thought…. Dad? And ‘Dad number two’ implied there was a ‘Dad number one,’ which meant Steve Rogers, which meant Gladus thought they were both dads, which meant Gladus thought they were
Shoes and socks were quickly forgotten.
As for future updates, I can't give you guys a set schedule. I'm starting a new job this summer, as well as moving in with my partner (it almost sounds like I'm a real adult?), so there's a bunch of unknowns this summer and therefore I won't be able to promise anything. However, I have not given up on this fic, and seek to finish it (hopefully in the next five years XD).
Also, fair warning, there is some mentions of abuse in this chapter? I mean there already has been some mentions but this is more straightforward than it was in previous chapters.
When Cap had moved into the tower, Tony had tried to tell the man that he could bring Bucky along. The troubled soldier had obviously had a rough go of it, and probably didn’t have a place he could call home. It was the least Tony could do; maybe even offer an arm tune-up as an apology. But Cap had only shook his head, saying Barnes had chosen to stay in Wakanda for his health.
There was something about Peter, something that immediately convinced Steve that this young child
“Let it go? Look, if we’re adopting Peter, I need to make sure everyone is on the same page. And right now, we are not on the same page. Pardon my french, but ‘not good with kids’ is bullcrap, Stark,” Steve immediately cursed himself, he was already getting angry. And when he got angry, then Tony would, and they would soon ping off each other until it became a screaming match.
“Are you done fighting now?”
“You’re welcome, Sir,” JARVIS replied, and Tony knew it wasn’t possible for an AI to get choked up, but he swore he could hear emotions catch in JARVIS’s metaphorical throat.
“Where are you going, Mister Tony? We have to go see the berry lady!” and he knew kids spoke gibberish sometimes, but Peter really was not making sense.
“The… ‘berry’ lady?” Tony asked, the pair stopping in their tracks in the middle of the walkway because apparently, taking Peter to a playground was not what the child had in mind.
Now left alone to talk, the two men looked at each other, the silence settling heavy between the two of them.
Tony sighed, “It’s as if you assume I haven’t already thought about calling him. Which is out of the question because I am
“You okay down there, Pete?” Tony asked, crouching down slightly as they walked in order for the small boy to hear him. Peter’s head snapped to Tony in surprise, large brown eyes softening as he looked into the reflection of the man’s sunglasses. He gave the taller man a couple of nods before once more turning his attention to their path ahead. Tony guided Peter through the crowd in weaving movements meant to avoid as many people as possible.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony responded with a lazy wave of his hand to the empty air, as if Pepper could see it, “See you tomorrow.”
“Mr. Tony! My eyes!” the boy shrieked. All of the violent splashing had caused the sudsy water to hit Peter’s poor face, irritating his eyes with an uncomfortable sting.
“Yes, Sir?” JARVIS replied, voice soft in the sleepy tower.
Onward to the next chapter! :D
Despite the haze of quasi-panic, Tony was still able to hear Peter talking. And the boy was quickly, and concerningly, becoming a mini-Rogers. The little monster was lecturing him about why they had to feed the ducks berries instead of hot dog buns, because Mr. Steve said that ducks couldn’t handle digesting bread, and of course Steve (damn it, Tony’s fucking brain used that word so endearingly) was worried about the digestive systems of ducks.
And it had been so surprising, because Tony had been
“Sir,” the AI curtly responded. Another sigh could be heard from Pepper as the conversation with JARVIS ended. Tony glanced over at Peter, who was still happily chewing at his Poptart. The kid seemed to be completely unaware of the predicament happening, his world having become zeroed in on the sugary breakfast, looking at the pastry as if it was his long-time lover.
look a little bit like Tony… Steve could practically see the press and the tabloids clinging onto that theory. And of course there would be mixed reactions. Some saying that this was great, the boy having the best family to take care of him. Others would bring up the Civil War, collateral damage, the lifestyle; they could bring up the fact that having a child would give them a weakness, something the baddies could manipulate. Steve felt like he was already reading the forums. Blogs upon blogs, speculating the pros and cons to having a child in their care.
“Does anyone know what that was about?” Steve tried, looking for reactions from any of the others. He had read Tony’s files, researching the torture methods mentioned and looking up dictionary definitions. He learned everything he could about what was mentioned in the file. So for the life of him, he could not imagine why Bruce cringed and looked down at his worn hands, fiddling his thumbs nervously.
“If I didn’t have to, I wouldn’t. But it’s only Nat and I right now, and we discussed that if some of us were called in on a mission, the last avenger standing would look after Pete,” Rogers explained, the pair finally reaching the man's floor. They made a beeline for Cap’s room, where the super soldier began throwing together a pile of clothes, haphazardly adding his suit and shield to the mix.
Peter’s legs immediately went still, but the fear in his wide eyes was nowhere near worth the abrupt cooperation. Tony could see every moment of his childhood, such as a duck from a drunken fist, reflected in Peter’s eyes; could see the pain Tony had felt when he would receive double the force of the second swing for ducking from the first.
Peter squealed in delight as he was tickled, limbs flailing, sending large waves of water over the bathtub edge. Tony’s jeans were absolutely soaked, but he really couldn’t give a shit, and only realized the damage after the tickling ceased, as per Peter’s strained “No, Mr. Tony, no, stop!”
“You mean Betty?” the abrupt excitement in Pepper’s voice was obvious, no matter how hard she attempted to conceal it. Apparently, ‘Betty’ and Bruce was something to get excited about. And damn her because somehow, she always knew the latest scoop about every Avenger, as if they all went to her as their resident superhero therapist.
“Mr. Tony, what’s a porn blog?”
he wasn’t going to be getting any work done. The R&D department was not going to be happy. Not that Tony had ever been affected by the glares the board gave him, but it always made him uncomfortable when someone expected him to care about something that he didn’t.
*EDIT: for some reason, my editor's computer changed all "Gladus" to "Gladys", so if there's any that I missed, please let me know!*
The two men jumped apart, looking over at the five year old whose hands were behind his back.
“Tony. Breathe,” Cap instructed, gripping the shorter man’s shoulder as he did so. An act of grounding, something Rogers had probably learned in some team building YouTube tutorial, but it was working wonders.
He sucked in a sharp breath through his clenched teeth. That didn’t make sense at all, there was no plausible way he had lost his sense of time that much. Tony racked his brain, distinctly remembering he had set multiple alarms to remind him, fully knowing that he would forget.
As always, reviews, comments, and kudos are my bread and butter! I love hearing what you all have to say, whether it be constructive criticism or gushing about all the things you liked about it!
“He was an alcoholic? Well, look at that
Doctor Banner gave quick goodbyes to them each, asked Tony to look after a colony of bacteria he was cultivating in his lab, and then Bruce was gone.
And that was slightly confusing, because when had this lady ever met Peter’s late father? Did this pair go back? Was this Peter’s actual Grandmother? It was at this point, while Tony was caught in a rambling thought, that she finally turned away from Peter’s beaming smile to land her gaze on him. Immediately, her brows furrowed in confusion.
The air was suddenly knocked out of him as Peter got more enthusiastic with using Tony as a bouncy cushion, and large calloused hands shot up to grasp small arms, “Please stop Pete, just woke up. I have a,” he yawned before continuing, “heart condition…”
But Tony was the only available adult unit left in the tower, and the child needed to be fed, no matter how badly Tony wanted to ignore it.
“Hey Pete? What do you and Mr. Steve do on Tuesdays?” Tony asked, checking the goat themed calendar magnetized to the fridge to ensure that it was, indeed, Tuesday. The toaster beeped happily, the toast springing up from the slot Tony had placed it in. He pulled the food out of the toaster and set it on a plastic plate, thanking the appliance as he did so.
Tony stifled a groan. No, this was not good at all. And he just
Watching Peter, Tony felt an odd light lift in his chest, coupled with a deep throb lower in his rib cage. Emotion only slightly notched itself in his throat. Not the kind of emotion akin to the coming of tears, no. It felt more like fear.
?” Pepper’s voice shrieked, and he had totally planned on not telling her about Peter. He had known she was going to react like this, had known she would immediately dive into all the reasons why this ‘wasn’t a good idea.’ Although he agreed with her, Tony did not want to hear about all the ways she thought he was incapable; he didn’t need to hear all of the things he kept telling himself.
The each retired to their rooms, leaving Steve to stand alone in the living room, watching the city below and contemplating just what Tony had felt the need to pull out of his personal file.
By the time he reached the communal area, Peter had already pulled out his toys from the toy box to play with, obviously attempting patience as he waited for the older man to make his breakfast. Tony tried not to linger on the compromising position Scooby-Doo and Godzilla were placed in, even though Peter insisted they were “only fighting”.
Many would accuse him of his hero complex, arguing that Steve had only brought Peter home because saving people was the only thing he knew how to do. Of course, this accusation wasn’t necessarily wrong. Steve couldn’t deny that seeing someone in need caused him to go softer than the drill sergeants from the 40’s would have tolerated. But then again, if this had been the reason for taking the child, then Steve should have also been equally okay with sending Peter off with a capable, non-superhero-crime-fighting family.
