“Well, I was thinking we could start in the park: wander round some of the stalls and make sure Harvey’s really gone,” Sam begins and Cas next to him nods in agreement.
“Not really,” he admitted. “I barely ever saw my Father until a few months ago, and my Mom’s not really the church type.”
“Then why d’you come back?”
“Stop,” Cas calls from behind them – tugging futiley at his chains. “Don’t do this. Dean –”
“Well Dean’s been through a lot,” Castiel broke into Uriel’s rant. “If you tried to understand him instead of hating him perhaps you’d find some common ground.”
head). So, once he’s balled up his coat to use as a pillow, the familiar and comforting vibrations of the engine and the road soon lull him into a dreamless sleep.
“What?” Dean looks confused, his eyes widening. He hears Cas call out in shock and alarm. Out of the corner of his eye, Sam can see that the smug smile’s been wiped off Alistair’s face – and that alone tells Sam this is what he needs to do.
“Yeah, $40,” the kid can’t be older than 16, with bright blue hair and pale blue, pink and white stripes on his face (a matching flag round his neck) says, frowning.  “Didn’t you?”
luv u all.
“Dean c’mon, you don’t have to pretend that this stuff isn’t important anymore.”
Sam opens his mouth to swear, but Dean has already vanished, leaving them alone in the black nothingness.
“Nothing! It just that…” he fumbles for a second, knowing what he has to say, knowing dearly that he should’ve said it a long time ago, still scared to say it now. “Nobody can stay forever, and we can’t keep waiting for them to come back. We have to go out and find something new.”
“I guess there’s something special about you,” Sam says sarcastically. “Maybe your character just has more untapped potential than ours? Or maybe you can be relied upon to react in a more entertaining manner?”
“Sorry.” More carefully this time, Sam reaches in the dark until he feels the edge of Cas’ trench coat, shuffling so that they’re standing side by side.
“There is,” Alistair breaks in. “You can get back on the rack and we’ll go back to where we started. If that’s what you want. I can’t force you – it’s against my religion.”
Dean’s eyes have been pried open. Delicate, spider web thin silver threads are preventing his lids from closing. His eyes are darting and twitching furiously, red-rimmed. His head is angled forwards and downwards, forcing him to stare down towards his chest.
Finally, Castiel stirred. “What are you talking about?”
“I don’t know, Castiel. It seems to me like you aren’t as committed to this as you say. You were plenty keen to defend that snake in church and I don’t want you thinkin’ you can have it both ways: you can’t protect him and be saved.” Jimmy placed both hands on Cas’ shoulders. “It’s a terrible sin to lie to your father. It’s a terrible sin to lie to the lord. I can’t afford to have you flakin’ on me the minute it gets hard. The path to salvation is long an’ tortuous. I need you on that path.”
“I was like you Dean.” She said, her voice still shaky. “I wouldn’t leave: my momma was sick, I needed to look after her. I had it easier ‘cos no one had found out about us, I thought we could pretend, that we could stay forever. She was smarter than me: she left.”
The Preacher held his hands up, “OK that’s enough,” and the congregation quieted almost immediately. He smiled warmly at the eager crowd, his flock, and began to speak.
“Why do
Silhouetted in red light streaming from the door stands yet another Dean. Sam can’t see his eyes properly in the darkness but he doesn’t need to. He recognises the red shirt, the slicked hair and the axe in his hand well enough – still sees them from time to time in his nightmares. He’s not sure what comes first – the fear or the dread: the wave of cold across his body or the involuntary step backwards – into the other Dean, who barely seems to notice, still curled up in pain on the ground.
“Pull over,” Cas tells him – silently praying that the erratic movements of the car won’t wake Sam. “I need you to pull over for me – can you do that?”
“I’m gonna ask for directions,” Dean says, then pushes his face into the shadow before Bobby can even open his mouth to reply.
“Dean Winchester, don’t even think about sneakin’ in without saying hi!” Both boys jumped guiltily, though Cas wasn’t sure why exactly. A small, dark skinned woman was making her way towards them.  Cas didn’t recognise her at all – she’d definitely never been to his father’s sermons. How many other  faithless townsfolk, he wondered, had he not met?
– like I was being beat half to death by the fuckin’ devil himself. Thanks for that Sammy. On both counts I mean.”
“Dean Winchester?” “Yeah, he’s about your age. You’ll probably be in the same class in school. He’s got a younger brother too, Sam. Great kid” They drove in silence for a few minutes, before pulling in front of a house that looked exactly the same as all the other houses around here. Castiel wondered how they found the right ones in the dark.
“Nuh uh,” Dean shakes his head.
“Cas,” he chokes out. “I’m sorry…” For all that his eyes never leave the angel, he seems to miss the cruel smile that flashes briefly across Cas’ face. Or maybe Sam’s only seeing it because he knows it all so well.
Dean frowns in confusion towards Sam. “I don’t get why you’re surprised,” he says. “I know I tried to hide some of it from you, but you were always so smart, and you always hated the way we grew up. I figured you always knew this shit.”
They looked at each other, and for the first time, Sam felt that he really
“What?”
“Well –”
“Why d’you care?” he tried to keep his voice calm, flippant. Even to his own ears, he sounded scared.
Sam’s hands grab Dean by the collar and throw him against the car, Cas can hear the snap of bones, the anguished gasp torn from Dean’s lips. Lucifer draws Sam’s fist back, and Dean grasps for his wrist desperately, futilely.
Both Sam and John stiffen in surprise. “Excuse me?” John says.
“Leave?”
“Why can’t this be about both of us? I am not interested in your pity, nor in what you think I want from you. I want to know what you want for yourself,” his voice is calm, and his eyes, when she finally meets them, show only a frank yet unobtrusive interest. Still it takes a few stretching moments for the question to permeate through her, and for her to allow the truth to pass from her lips.
The church quickly filled, and the congregation crowded closer and closer together. There were even more people than in previous weeks, Jim’s radio broadcasts were clearly doing something. The chatter was amicable, but loud. At the head of church, Jim continued to examine his notes, seemingly oblivious to the crowd. Eventually, however, a restive silence fell as the anticipation became almost palpable.
“No,” Dean says, reluctantly. “Cas said owed you something more. So, um, don’t be surprised if you see him coming out my room I guess – and, uh, don’t get all gooey whenever you see us kiss or whatever.”
, from even his blood-soaked life could ever be enough to prepare him for this.
“So no,” Dean cut her off.
The photos were gone this time, he realised. Him holding Sammy in the hospital; him with Mom at a birthday party; Him, John and Sam standing proudly in front of the car. The memories were gone, leaving nothing but shadows. Numbed, he continued up the stairs, ignoring the dark patches.
Cas groans, exasperated: Dean’s terrible trash talk and innuendos are bad enough when there’s only one of him.
“No! He didn’t!” Cas’ indignant cries raised his father’s ire once more. He all but shook his son off the seat as he grabbed him.
“I’m fine thanks.” Sam didn’t think he could eat right now if his life depended on it. “Hey, um, do you know if Dean’s in?”
“Just take us to the next memory,” Sam says.
Losing what little was left of his patience, John pushed Dean into his room. “You will not corrupt Sam.” He ordered. “First I lost Mary, now I’ve lost you, I’m not risking Sam.”
“Huh,” Dean thought a few moments. “Why’re you back with him then?” he asked eventually. Castiel looked at him evenly, weighing his options. Eventually, he settled on the truth.
Cas hesitates, then comes and stands next to Sam – not quite relaxing, but not his normal poker straight either. He nudges something with his foot, then stoops to pick it up. It’s an old mobile phone – one that flips.
Groaning, Dean rolled out of his bed and stamped across the hall. Technically, he had his own room. He and Sam had been sharing for over a year, however, and neither wanted the situation to change. He pulled some clean clothes out his closet, yawning. He would have to put a wash on tonight. Sam could laugh at his dirty clothes all he liked, but he wasn’t much better. Most of his clothes were too small these days anyway, when was the last time they’d gone shopping? It must have been before Mom died; he was sure he’d never been with Dad.
“Holy shit,” Sam breathes, in awe.
“Who?” She snapped at him. He sensed he’d done something wrong, but he wasn’t sure what.
It’s his smile, his eyes. It’s Dean as he
Dean let out a frustrated sigh. “You mean I’ve been studying like some nerd for nothin’?”
“Well, last year she shouted at Pastor Walker when he tried to have some books removed from the library. It was while Pastor Novak was away, so she could get away with it.” Dean smiled at the memory. “It was in public too,  right on main street.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean gently lifted Cas’ head so their eyes met. “Nobody coulda seen what your Dad was gonna do, even Pastor Walker was surprised. Besides,” he smiled wanly. “It’s not the
“Well – “Uriel was cut off by the teacher’s call for silence. Cas turned in his seat to face the front, he would need to find out after class had ended.
“An’ I nearly fell right back into this same trap. I bought into his lies, I encouraged Castiel to reach out to him, even though all that tried before him failed. I was gonna stand here today and urge forgiveness. I would’ve let this snake free to try again. I would’ve set him loose on your children.” He gave a visible shudder at the thought. “But I couldn’t do it. Not again.
“Don’t you mention it. Now you get some rest now, some proper rest. When you wake up you’re gonna help me put this place back the way it was. That toilet brush of a lady’ll have busted my whole system to hell.” she was back in librarian mode,  the familiarity of it soothed him  as he lay on the sofa.
“No, I ain’t gonna just leave it! I ain’t gonna just stand here and watch you rip yourself apart because you’re too stubborn to admit that you’re in the wrong place
“Are we close to the next one?”
“No,” he finished stiffly.
You know he’s trying to manipulate you. You know he’s going to –”
She led them through the deserted library and fussed over them as they sat, bringing them outdated text books(“I’ve been askin’ for the new ones a while now, eventually they’ll have to give in”), despairing at their lack of supplies (“How did ‘ya expect to study without pens exactly?”) and complaining non-stop about the state of the books (“Covered in graffiti, most of it unoriginal and misspelt too!”).
“I always knew there was something wrong with you Winchester.” Gordon was gloating, trying to get a rise out of him. He stared sullenly out the window, doing his best to ignore the older man. “Never would’ve guessed you were a queer though,” The pastor continued. “No, not John Winchester’s boy.”
“Shut your trap Dean!” his father snapped.
“I’ve been told,” he replied perhaps a little too stiffly. He smiled at her, trying to redress the balance. It was hard enough having the surname Novak, being almost a mirror image of his father made it impossible for him to hide.
Castiel thought about it. “I guess not,” he said slowly. “But I haven’t really been a Preacher’s son very long.”
“Dean that happened how many years ago? And have you ever knowingly hurt me like that since? Or even tried to? As a human at least,” he amends hurriedly. “Demon you doesn’t count.” He scrubs a hand over his face, “Look, I wanted to start with hell because I know it’s what’s tearing you up the most, and I wanted you to know that I’m not angry or disgusted or anything like that. I don’t hate you for being pushed so far you had to hurt me. Do you believe me?”
Cas puts his hand under Dean’s chin. “Then do,” he says, and presses his lips gently onto Dean’s.
“Shit,” Sam steps closer. “Cas we gotta go – now.”
He had thought his confusion started when Mom died, he could see now that it had always been there, but her love had helped him cope.
I realised like halfway through writing this chapter that this is supposed to be the 60s but there's no segregation or racism in the school or the town so...yeah i guess it now takes place in a weird timeless void where racism isn't as prevalent but mobile phones don't exist either.
“Oh you mean Ms. Moseley? Yeah she’s weird.”
“But Sam…”
Dean looked at him, eyes laden with sadness. “They threatened Sam, Cas.”
“It might be easier.” He pointed out, “And if you do then people’d start coming by again.” He smiled at the look of outrage on her face.
haven’t done anything: this is all on your Dean, and it looks like your Dean’s just gotten a little stuck.”
He watched the eyes take him in, the split second of confusion as John’s memories were also forced to align with the present and the flash of recognition. With an unexpected clarity, Dean knew what his father was seeing. He was seeing a tall, tanned man with strong arms and broad shoulders standing staring at him with his dead wife’s eyes. He waited, though he wasn’t sure for what. The majority of him tensed in anticipation of violence, waiting for John’s eyes to harden with hatred, for his fist to pull back. A smaller, but unbearably loud, part of him ached for John’s posture to relax, for him to reach across the doorway and pull Dean into a hug: the kind he got when he’d fallen off his bike or when Mom had died.
“No Sir,” Dean’s voice is small.
“But I don’t know anything about cars,” Castiel protested hopelessly.
“ I guess,” she seemed to be expecting something from him. He tried to figure out what. “Are you going?” he asked, buying more time.
“That boy is godless,” Uriel seemed to think Castiel’s shock came from his revelation about Dean, for he continued in the same pompous tone. “He doesn’t go to church, he doesn’t respect god. If you knew what he said to my father...”
Behind them, Sam’s breathing has evened out and deepened – edging into snores. Dean looks at him fondly in the mirror. “That kid can sleep through anything, I swear.”
Sam too deeply wants there to be another way out of this situation – but any further considerations would require him to turn around and take stock of the room more fully, something he is absolutely not prepared to do. Sighing, he turns so he can rest a shoulder on the wall where the window should be. Waiting it is.
Uriel and the others were approaching, but Hael remained close to his side. In fact, she was pushed closer as someone, Michael he thought, took the space next to her. Hael was talking animatedly to him already, and Castiel was able to sink into his own thoughts.
“Fuck,” Dean curses after ten minutes of silence.
fine. Let’s just get out of here before someone calls the cops.” He could probably walk on his own, but Cas keeps his arms round Dean, supporting him for the short distance to the car and sliding them both into the back seat. Dean fumbles in his pockets for the keys and passes them to Sam, who’s already waiting up front.
“Yeah,” Dean smirks. “You weren’t exactly quiet.”
“Release him,” Cas demands, an angel blade suddenly appearing in his hands. “Now!”
“Dean,” he tries pulling against the chains. “Dean, it’s gonna be ok. I’m here.”
Then the world comes crashing in, again.
“Yes Sir.”
“There we go,” Dean murmurs encouragingly. “You’ve done so well that, well, Sammy doesn’t need you to guard him anymore. Not all the time, at least.”
He drifts in and out of consciousness – waking whenever a song is a little too loud or fast. The first time his eyes open it’s to the sight of Cas reaching over to grasp Dean’s hand on the steering wheel. His mouth is open but Sam can’t hear the words. In the mirror, he sees Dean’s eyes dart to his, and he closes them at once. He hopes Dean didn’t notice. And if he did notice he hopes he didn’t mind too much. He knows that Dean probably never wanted to have this conversation in the first place, but that if he had ever pictured it, it probably involved a
“You can, uh, you can go to my room when we get back. If you want to,” Dean adds hastily. “And rest in ou…my…
I was possessed.”
2. I literally cannot tell the difference between christian satire and actual bigotry anymore
“Who?”
Bobby, this is happening! You can’t talk me out of it, so stop fucking trying.” Dean shakes his hand off and starts walking, counting. “…six, seven, and eight. It’s this one.” The shadow he gestures to looks no different from any of the others, but why would it be? It’s just one memory among hundreds of thousands, maybe millions. Except, of course, that it isn’t. He turns to Bobby, “Don’t suppose you’re gonna be any help and come along?” He tries to sound flippant, but can’t keep the tremor from his voice.
enjoy
“No, because of your jet pack. Course it’s your Dad.” Dean sounded amused, and Castiel was pleasantly surprised to find himself laughing. It wasn’t that the joke was particularly good; there was just something about Dean that made him want to smile. His humour faded as he considered what Dean had said.
“Tell us Dean, have you tainted your brother? Is he a faggot like you?”
“Really? You can honestly say there’s no reason you’ve never even called Cas your boyfriend?” Sam retorts, “Or that one of you literally has to be dying for you to kiss him in front of me? I’ve barely ever seen you two hold hands and you’re telling me that that’s ok? That you’re ok?”
“Shut up,” Sam snaps, straining at his chains. “Just shut up.”
“See you soon, Sammy,” he winks. “Real soon,” and then he, along with everything else, vanishes into the chaos. Sam forces himself to turn and join Cas in the darkness.
“Please Dean – I’m your brother,” he says frantically. “Please don’t do this to me – to us. Please wake up. Please remember. Please.” Out of the corner of his eye, Sam sees Alistair mouthing the words as he says them, a sickly smile on his face. When he sees Sam looking, he nods encouragingly.
They had reached the front of the church. Although the congregation had long dispersed, they could see people in the streets. Reluctantly, Dean dropped Cas’ hand.
“The library?” Sam frowned. “Why there?”
“No,” Sam says. Then: “Fuck.”
“Yeah,” Sam snorts. “You and me both. It’s funny. I’ve spent god knows how long trying to get Dean to talk about himself– to open up even a little bit. And now I’m literally inside his head; and one memory is almost too much for me.”
“Thanks son,” he said gruffly. “Just what I need.”
job to keep this family together and I
Dean sits back down beside her, taking her hands in his. “Cassie,” he says softly, “listen to me. Me n’Sam – we’re gonna stop it. It’s gonna be ok.”
“Yeah you’re probably right,” Dean sighs. “What now?”
Dean was already there. Sitting alone in a chair in the middle of the room, staring determinedly at the floor.
thing on my mind.”
“Sam?” Comes Cas’ voice, uncertain and shaken.
“You know I’m not ‘loving it’,” Cas says, unsure of the correct way to proceed. Dean is like a live wire – liable to spark at any moment. “But we need to do this in order to save you – and to get out of here.”
“Me? What about you?” Dean deflects, “You’ve gone from being an angel of the Lord to some ‘unholy faggot’ ‘cos you started stickin’ it to a dude, and you’re just ok with it? With falling for me?” Before he’s even finished saying the words he regrets them. “Shit Cas, I’m sorry I wasn’t thinking.”
********************************************************************************
“Good,” Sam smiles. “It was really good.” He wants to say more, but Dean re-enters before he can – three bottles in hand.
my son.” John cut him off vehemently, the first words he’d spoken to Dean in a long time.
The figure pauses, chuckles lowly, then grab’s Dean’s heart and squeezes viciously. Dean wails in agony – tearing the skin and flesh at his shoulders and hands as he tries to tug away. Blood spurts sluggishly from his wounds, leaving shining trails on his already scarlet skin.
“Dean!”
“You’re telling me,” Dean laughed, “I still can’t get over the fact that he’s taller than me now.”
Sam rubs a hand over his face, already exhausted by the wordplay. “Let’s just try find Dean.”
John’s eyes flicked briefly back to his other son and lingered long enough to register the pain and disappointment Sam was feeling, before skittering away again. “I may not be good,” he murmured, almost too quiet to hear, “but I am righteous; n’that’s more than you can say.” In three quick, confident, strides he had crossed the kitchen to stand by the battered old house phone. “I’m gonna tell you again what I told you all them years ago:
“You don’t need to explain Dean,” He’d said. “Come on in.”
“Just be happy Castiel, that’s all I ask.”
“You’ll get over it. Now – ” Alistair pulls Dean to his feet, gently placing a knife into his hands as he does so, “ – all you have to do is go over there –” he points at Sam “– and slice your brother’s heart out and
Dean chuckles, sadly. “You know I’d love to – maybe once things out there calm down a bit I can stop by.”
Cas laughs and pulls them both back under the covers.
Sam watched his brother’s face, but aside from a flicker in his eyes, he betrayed no emotions. “I’ll see you later Sammy. Gotta catch the bus.”
Sam) knowing how I really feel,
someone strapped to it: slower to coalesce than the rack itself, yet still undeniably there. Dean knows it’s him, even though any identifying features are smeared with blood and shit and soot. Only the eyes are clearly visible: white, wide and rolling frantically in pain or in fear; there’s no way to tell. He appears to be struggling against something – mouth opening and closing, yet with no sound coming out.
“I love you too.” And then Dean is crying again. He rests his head on Cas’ shoulder and sobs openly – his cries echoing slightly in the night. It’s a jarring, disconcerting sound – Dean cries like he doesn’t really know how to. The sobs cut themselves off, or fade away into nothing, leaving brief pauses between the waves. Some of them sound almost like giggles, others like coughs, others like words.
time, longer than you probably think, and being a part of this ‘community’ isn’t gonna solve it for me,” he takes a deep breath and forces himself to go on. “All I need – all I’ve ever needed – is my family: is you. I know you’re trying, and I’m sorry I can’t be grateful, but I need you to not try anymore ok? I just need to you to be normal about this, Sammy. Please?”
“Proud of you, Sammy,” Dean says, though it’s still unclear if he heard. “Both times…was proud. Always proud.” It’s clear the words cost him a great deal, and his body is tense with the effort. “Worth it…always worth it,” he gets out between pained breaths.
also, i think i'm massively exaggerating the importance of god and the church to these people but it's only to make the plot more melodramatic.
Dean shushed him, determined to snoop a little first. The walls were covered in pictures, mostly of cities and crowds. He spotted a battered looking camera on the window sill, next to an equally scruffy teddy bear.
“Wow: ten years of eye fucking and that’s all you can say? Nice Dean. Romantic”
In his fantasies, they’d been too shocked to do anything. All they could do was stare as he pulled Dean to his feet and out the classroom. He’d pictured the outrage on their faces, imagined it would be the last time he ever had to look at their faces. In his fantasy, it was always sunset, there was always a bus waiting. They could always ride off into the sunset together.
“Shut up!” Dean cries angrily, stamping his foot. “I’m not a construction or a core or whatever you said. I’m real! You’re the ones that’re fake.”
“Maybe,” Cas says acidly, the fraying ends of his patience clearly audible, “if you two stopped asking pointless meta questions we’d actually be able to make some progress out of here? Instead of just walking in circles?”
“Shut up,” Sam says, but in that tone (the one he shares with Dean) he always uses when someone or something has hit a little too close to home. Dean’s smile only widens.
His hand was on the door knob before his father spoke.
Dean smiles upwards. “Not anymore, I guess.” He takes another drag. “I used to – when playing peacekeeper between you an’ Dad got too much. Didn’t you wonder where I’d go?” There’s an awkward silence that Sam doesn’t know how to fill. Dean tilts his head down slowly to catch his gaze before looking down, considering the cigarette in his hand.  “But I guess ain’t got to do that no more,” he says, flicking the half-smoked cigarette into the trees, its faint red light swallowed by the damp darkness immediately, Dean watches him – he seems faintly amused. “No more peacekeeping, no more you. You just left, by the way. How’d Stanford go?”
“You won’t get the chance,” Cas declares angrily. “Not again.”
“I don’t know,” Dean whispers, the shadows start to curve towards him from the corners of the room, twisting into the vague suggestions of claws and teeth. “ But Dad told me what to do, so I can’t let you out. Not unless he says so.”
” The strangled sound had echoed across the empty grounds, and they’d sprung apart instantly. It’d been too late of course, and Dean often wished the kiss had lasted a little longer, it wouldn’t have made a difference after all, except to make Uriel sick.
“Yes.”
,” John hisses. “Which are you: stupid or incompetent? And look me in the eye like the man you aren’t when you answer – that’s an order.”
Sam wavers – he doesn’t want to wake Dean up, but he also knows that the longer he leaves it, the likelihood of them talking will dwindle to nothing. And this talk
Dean walks off the edge of the stage, landing on the damp grass. The audience watches with mild interest as he walks past them, Bobby close behind, towards the trees that have begun to spring up at the back of the room – trunks stretching and widening, branches unfurling, leaves popping into existence.
“Looks cool though,” Dean illustrates his point by blowing a smoke ring into the night air.  “You get used to it.”
Just then, the large float in front of them begins to blast music, lurching ponderously forward. The crowd around them lets out a cheer, as drums and whistles begin to sound. People begin to stream around them: old and young alike grinning wildly and waving flags and banners. Cas pulls him into motion, and they join the throng.
“What’re you gonna say if he comes in?”
“Please...”
The world snaps into place, and then sags slightly: bulging towards the middle. The light takes on a fuzzy, faintly green, hue: making everything look slightly unreal: like a reflection in an oil puddle. The scene begins to populate with strange and disturbing figures: men and women without faces, arms and legs unattached to bodies, fading to nothing at the edges. Near Cas’ shoulder, a man with no head bends towards a pair of floating hands, each of them clutching a beer. The loud, friendly roar of a bar fills their ears – sounds that almost become words rising above the general din before sinking back under, laughs and shouts echoing distantly off the walls. The whole room is slightly hazy and continues to undulate gently, making Sam faintly nauseous.
*TITLE SEQUENCE*
“Ok yeah it does,” Dean admits begrudgingly after a few seconds.
He’s barely finished speaking when the sunlight goes out.
John laughed cruelly. “When did you get so goddamn naïve Sammy?” He shook his head in disbelief “Lettin’ someone like that worm his way back into your life after
Dean snorted with laughter, and, after a second’s hesitation, Sam joined him. The sound of their laughter was oddly muffled in the heat, lost in the drone of cicadas. “It’s a nice photo,” Dean said when they were finished.
“He’s not hurting you is he?” Dean had tensed with worry and anger.
“Castiel! Dean! Did you see how many skips that was? It had to have been at least eight!” Sam was standing next the river, a pile of flat stones at his feet, beaming excitedly. Dean shot one last smile in Castiel’s direction before turning to his brother.
“Yeah – you said we had to decide what we wanted to do. What do you want to do?”
Sam cast him a sideways glance. “I was thinking we could head home –”
They don’t have to search long: pushing through the half-forgotten crowd (automatically murmuring apologies as they go) they find him slumped against an empty pool table, cue in hand: a goofy smile plastered over his face, a few beer stains darkening the fabric of his shirt. “Sssam, Cas,” he slurs happily, “S’good to see ya.” His gaze slips to behind them (where the other Dean has reappeared, a smug smile on its face) and manages (with some difficulty) to sharpen into a pointed glare. “Shame ‘bout the company.”
Laughter fills the air around them, coming from the smoke itself as it coalesces into the rough outline of almost a man. “And the Lord said: Let there be light…” says an echoing, raspy voice as the smoke cackles to itself, bringing a clawed hand up to stroke Dean’s face, who flinches – eyes roving wildly. “Beautiful isn’t it? Truly a work of art. I know you two took the symbolic route to get here, but I’ve always preferred to be a touch more…literal in my journeys. Especially with this one, he’s not really one for metaphors. No,” The hand drifts lower, towards his chest cavity, “he prefers to get right to the
“Well I suppose we’re about to find out aren’t we?” Cas’ face is a mess of emotions. Abruptly, Sam remembers his constrained grace – anything Cas is feeling now is amplified well above what he’s used to. He looks distressed, scared and anxious – and Sam can’t help but empathise, as well as feel guiltily relieved that someone else is (at last) the focus of Dean’s psyche.
“Now folks, I’m gonna start with a story. It’s about two towns, you might of heard of ‘em. They were called Sodom and Gomorra.”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” Castiel burst out. Dean could feel him shaking under his hand. “What I did was wrong; it wasn’t fair to you –”
Dean had pushed into the church ahead of his father and brother, and he managed to save a couple spaces on the pews while they forced their way towards him. The sheer mass of people was astounding. Dean recognised a few of the younger faces from school, some of them were from towns well over twenty miles away.
“Is there a fire?” Cas whispers.
Rather than the softening he’d been hoping for, Jim’s face contorted with rage. He opened his mouth, but seemed too angry to speak. After a couple deep breaths, he tried again. “Why do you insist on doing this?” he asked. Then, before Cas could reply, he changed tack. “Why did you go to the library yesterday?”
“When?”
“It wasn’t real? I’ve still got blood on my damn shirt Sam.”
“I don’t know. I just...I assumed you would be disgusted. Like in there,” he gestured to the church behind him, “or those kids in school. You aren’t dis ...dis...” he didn’t want to finish the sentence, didn’t want to hope. Dean understood him though.
also thanks for all the validation, it is majorly good for my soul
John makes a noise of disgust, running a hand through his messy hair and glaring at his eldest son. “I gave you one job Dean,
“You don’t have to tell me that part,” Dean grimaced, “I remember hearing those fucking sermons as far out as Idaho.”
“Sam?”Dean’s voice cracked. “That really you?”
“That’s idiotic,” Cas protests.
It takes a couple of tries (his hands are shaking) but he eventually coaxes a small, flickering flame to life. Cas’ tight face is illuminated faintly: mouth a thin line, wrinkles deep around the eyes. The shadows make him look old. Old and tired and worn thin. Sam feels the same way.
you were given those powers in the first place, trust me,” Dean herds them towards the living room, pushing beer into their hands.
for fuck's sake.”
“I think that’s your ride.” Dean said to him, his voice still tinged with confusion. “See you tomorrow?”
” Dean snaps. “We’re in fucking hell! Where else
Dean laughed, the low sound at once warmly familiar and achingly foreign. “Of course she did,” his smile faded as he watched Sam carefully. “What else she tell you?”
“I should’ve insisted we left, I should’ve guessed He’d do something like that.” Cas’ voice shook. “Instead I let you take all the blame, and now the whole town...” He dropped his gaze to the floor.
Cas reached out to steady him, and felt the tiny shakes Dean was trying to suppress. For the moment, reality faded, leaving them only with each other.
“Sam,” Dean says urgently. “
“I should’ve been the one that drove you to the dance and picked you up afterwards. I should’ve taken that picture and made bad jokes and told Ruby embarrassing stories about you on the drive to the dance. I should’ve given you bad advice about sex and called her a bitch when you broke up. Instead I was probably in that seedy bar in Watsonville hustling pool and selling…” he glanced sideways for a second, “selling whatever just to earn enough cash for another night in some scumbag motel,” he shook his head. “I’m meant to be your brother, but I couldn’t ever be there for you when it really counted.”
With both of them gone the room begins to spin: faster and faster, a whirlwind of colour and noise. The semi-coherent shapes of the bar and the people begin to blur together into a sickly rainbow hurricane. It resembles the tunnel they’d been walking through before, except this time there’s no glass protecting them. Stuck in the rapidly shrinking eye, Sam yanks Cas closer and they huddle together as the floor beneath them begins to shake violently.
He snaps his fingers, and Dean gasps – eyes snapping shut, head jerking upwards as guttural moans start emanating from his throat.
“It’s me,” Sam takes a step forward, Dean takes a step back, nearly tripping in his haste, the shotgun dipping towards the ground. “It’s Sam. And Cas.”
“Oh god,” Cassie whispers, her head dropping into her hands.
Castiel’s car ride had been silent. Jim had refused to look him, had kept his eyes fixedly on the road, his hands white fists around the wheel.
“You gonna question my orders again?”
“I’m…holding him back,” Cas grits out. “Needed to tell you…” his voice disintegrates into another pained moan.
“I suggest we wait for Dean to, um, finish and then ask him for directions,” Cas says, though from his tone he’s obviously more than a little flustered by his own suggestion.
Above the desk, they started one of the mock tests. It was awkward going with only two hands between them, but they made it work. Dean was surprised to find himself actually learning, that was the advantage of a good study buddy, and Cas too seemed to enjoy explaining the work to someone else.
Even for a small town in a Kansas heatwave, the streets were eerily dead. The heat rose off the tarmac in shimmering waves, but the flickering shadows on the horizons refused to resolve into living beings, instead revealing themselves as twisted trees, forlornly frozen in the breezeless air. More out of curiosity than to be cool, Dean rolled a window down, and was met only by the familiar smell of melting tarmac and the deafening screech of cicadas.
“Nice effects,” one of him says, “we goin’ to Narnia or something?”
“Let’s not talk about it,” Dean breaks in firmly. “Ok?”
“So you’re done?” Dean asks warily, shifting his feet into a defensive posture.
He excites her and makes her feel small at the same time. She wants to see him – all of him – the way he can surely see her – all of her. She thinks about how she must appear to him: tiny, flat, and dirty. Almost unconsciously, she brings her arms up around her breasts.
“I told you not to call me that,” Sam shouted, voice echoing around the empty road. “Only my brother gets to call me Sammy, and you aren’t my brother.”
“And nothing,” Dean lets out a shaky breath. Sam does too.  “I was angry, of course, and I told him to knock it off but…I didn’t even think about hurting him – didn’t have to stop myself from grabbing that bottle, or even hitting the table. I didn’t want to hurt him, even though I was angry.
“What is it?” Dean sounds worried.
“Speaking of work…” Dean says, but Jonah cuts him off with a gentle finger over his mouth.
“Dad, please, I’ve been nothing but honest.” Cas let his voice quaver, tried to look as confused as possible. He just had to get through a few more hours. “I’m telling the truth I swear.”
“Dean,” Sam begs – Cas’ faint voice joining from behind. “Dean, can you hear me?”
“Why would the spell bring you here?” Cas asks. “I thought you couldn’t survive in other memories except your own.”
“The spell, the one that looks like – ” Cas begins, but Dean interrupts.
“Is it?” Dean demands. “Is it really? Yeah I know they probably won’t abandon me or anything but that doesn’t mean this won’t change everything does it?”
“It’s probably Sam – wonderin’ where I am. He might have a new lead.”
“Yeah, I don’t know if I can.”
“I don’t know if you should be driving,” he says, hand reaching automatically for the keys, forgetting (for a brief, happy moment) where they are.
“It won’t change anything Dean,” Sam tries to assure him. “It couldn’t – I promise.”
But instead John just grunted, before turning away and walking back into the house. Sam and Dean exchanged confused glances before following: Sam scrambling to catch up to their father, Dean hesitating in the doorframe, before forcing his feet forward.
“Would you, um, would you like to go with me then?” He forced himself to ask and her face immediately brightened. “Just as friends” he added quickly but she seemed not hear him.
“Castiel, sit down. Now” There was nothing else he could do, so he obeyed. “Okay good. Now, you boys know what Uriel saw. We want to hear your side.”
“Your boyfriend tell you that?” Gordon asked dismissively. “Well he’ll be changing his tune soon enough, once he sees what you’ve condemned him too.” As he spoke they were pulling in to the Novak driveway. Dean barely noticed, he was trying to sort through Gordon’s words.
Bobby seems to soften. “I know, son,” he says. “You’ve been through more than most of us, and now you’re going to have to through it all again. This whole situation is shitter than a gas station toilet – but at least it’s nothing you haven’t done before, and,” he looks directly into Dean’s eyes, “at least this time you don’t have to go through it alone.”
His phone buzzed an hour ago. It’s probably from Sam, but Cas doesn’t want to check. He can’t bring himself to tear his eyes away from where Dean’s are in the mirror – he’s scared that Dean will see him look away (as he has so many times before) and read abandonment or disgust in the gesture. So he pushes aside all distractions (Sam and his pointed gazes; the lingering human urges of hunger, pain and thirst (still not quite suppressed by his sluggish grace) that are vying for his attention; the noise of other cars on the road) and tries instead to put every emotion he can into his eyes. It’s a tactic he and Dean have been using for nearly ten years (albeit somewhat unconsciously) and he can see that it’s working as well as it ever does, which means: a lot is being said, but little is being understood – by either of them. Dean’s eyes have barely left his since the drive started.
“Um –”
“I don’t care Dean. I honestly don’t give a shit if you’re sorry or not. I only came with you to get a lift, ok?  Just leave me alone from now on.” She turned and sped into the gym, deliberately not looking back at him.
He’s beginning to drift back off to sleep when he hears Cas’ whisper: “He was wrong.”
“What for?” Dean’s voice is carefully guarded. “Not like you could’ve done anything.”
“I had hoped I could kind of just...blend in.” He admitted, flushing slightly. “I don’t really want to be known as the ‘Preacher’s Son.’”  Dean reached out and patted his shoulder. The warmth of his hand spread down Castiel’s arm.
What he’d done was sick, wrong.
Cas takes a long time to reply. Dean’s half expecting him to just get up and leave, but instead he sits upright. Dean follows suit and Cas turns to him, eyes dimly illuminated through the thin curtain, the orange of the street lamps rendering them a murky brown. “I won’t pretend that the transition from angel to human – or whatever I am now – has been easy,” he says. “Humans are so...physical compared to angels. I get hungry now, and tired. And my back hurts when I sleep in the car and my nose runs and my breaths smells. And my emotions are so…manifest now. I don’t just experience anger or joy or sadness as abstract concepts, I
Instead, she rounded the table and took the space next to him, pushing against him in a too familiar manner. “Of course I’ll go with you Castiel,” she beamed at him.
“Exactly,” Cas says grimly.
Dean swung a casual arm over his shoulder and guided him back towards the car.
“Huh?” Dean frowns in slurred confusion. “But you jusht got here,” he mumbles, lurching fully upright, clutching both hands around the pool cue and leaning against it heavily, eyes fixed on some point over their shoulders. “Haven’t seen you guyss in a while – ” he frowns “ – I think. Maybe you’re just in the can,” he looks at Cas, “Do angels shit?”
“Dean!”
“How did he do?”
“That it’s none of his business?” Dean asks, a little hopefully.
“And what would I be giving them?” she asked indignantly. “Just the same ol’ bull they get anywhere else. No, I’m always gonna be here with the Truth. They can ignore me and starve me of money as much as they want.”
This makes Dean cry harder. “He found out, didn’t he?” he gasps out. “That I didn’t do a good job. He hates me and that’s why he’s not coming back.”
easier.”
Sam shifted uncomfortably. “Can’t they tell I’m straight?”
“I am not,” Cas grumbles, but he lets Dean unthread his blue tie and replace it with the new one.
Inside was slightly better. The peeling chairs and faded carpet didn’t inspire much confidence, but the shelves were clean and the books well ordered. There were conspicuous gaps in them, he realized as he looked around. The theology shelf was particularly patchy.
“This is real?” he was afraid to do anything, to run, to move, to pinch his own arm in case it all dissolved into nothing as it had so many times before.
“I don’t care Sam. Pastor Novak decided. Now go on, have fun.”
Dean leans in closer – until their noses are touching. “I want to,” he breathes out – so quietly only Cas could ever hear him. “Every part of me wants to – even the scars.”
“Ok,” was all Castiel could think to say. He cast around desperately for a conversation, his mind drawing blanks. He wasn’t like his Father: he could never think what to say. “You, um, go to school?” he asked eventually, cringing inwardly at the stupidity of the question.
“Cas you gotta push him out,” Dean is saying urgently, shaking Cas’ shoulders and distracting Sam before he can respond. “Please.”
Carefully he lifts the flame higher – revealing vague and twisted shapes. He had half expected (even hoped) for the light to prompt some change – to kick start the memory into action . Instead, the eerily empty chains and hooks (the source of the gentle swaying and dripping) continue to swing slowly, peacefully. The light dances off something shiny on the points, and off of unidentifiable puddles congealing on the floor, the only signs that life (or not life) has occurred here. Underneath it all, the drumbeat continues.
“You mean so young?”
They had said “God works in mysterious ways” or that he “needed another angel”. It was clichéd, stale. To Dean the words had always sounded insincere, said only because they felt they had to say something.
, and she wasn’t
Sam shakes his head. “You can’t just go into someone’s mind without their permission – not this physically at least. Think about everything Crowley had to do to get in my brain when Gadreel possessed me,” he shudders slightly at the memory. “The spell had to make an opening, and we’ll be able to come out the way we came in.” Hopefully, he adds silently.
“You’re right Hael, I was being rude. It’s one of the things I’ve been trying to work on lately.” To anyone who didn’t know him, which was to say almost everyone, Dean sounded earnestly genuine. For Castiel, however, the sarcasm dripping from his voice was practically venomous. “In fact,” Dean continued in the same remorseful tone. “I was wanting to talk to Castiel about it. He’s been helping me you see.”  He stressed the word dramatically, Cas was sure it was over the top, but Hael’s eyes only widened in realisation.
“Maybe not.” A voice from behind them said. Cas jumped, he hadn’t heard Missouri come back in.
For nearly ten years, he’s held himself back – squashed thoughts before they could even form properly, ignored instincts, suppressed his desire to reach out, to touch. As soon as he’d become capable of a new feeling, he’d hidden it. He’d gotten so good that he’d forgotten he was doing it – like breathing or blinking, it had become one of those things he did to move through the world without arousing suspicion.
Dean nods.
the one that wanted to come here in the first place, so why don’t you just leave me out of it?”
The silence that followed his words was deadly. Fury was too gentle a word to describe the expression on Jim’s face, and Cas instinctively took a step back, only now noticing he was on his feet. At his action, Jim’s face changed. The anger melted away, replaced by a deep grief. “I see you’re beyond any help I can give you. I didn’t want it to come to this son, I truly didn’t, but you’ve left me no choice.”
“Cas, how do we…”
“Only eight? C’mon Sammy you can do that in your sleep. Betcha I can get ten! How many d’ya think you’ll get Castiel?”  Trying not to look at each other the two older boys joined Sam at the river bank, the Sun low in the sky.
“Now why would you do that?” A horribly familiar voice creeps in from behind him. “You only just got here.”
“A little yeah,” Sam admits.  “Can I ask you one more thing?”
“Where’s Missouri, if you don’t mind me asking?”
It was a little awkward, neither one of them had much experience after all. Castiel leaned in a little too heavily, causing Dean to smack into the church wall. He moved both his hands into Cas’ dark hair, but soon found his nose squished uncomfortably against the other boy’s cheek.
Cas can’t help but wince.
“You ignore me all week,” Anna interrupted him, quite willing to talk now, it seemed. “I don’t see you,” her voice rose, drowning out the music. “You make no effort to talk to me. In fact, you seem to be avoiding me to hang out with your boyfriend Castiel. And after I’d been nice to you, after I talked to you even though Hael and her group bitched about me for it, you can’t find the time of day for me and then you have to ask what’s wrong?” she was breathing  heavily as she finished.
Sam shifted in his seat uncomfortably. “Um…Pastor Novak suggested it so that we could watch his broadcasts while he was away. Had a deal worked out with a local supplier so they were cheap.” He tensed at the mention of Castiel’s father, but Dean only chuckled grimly.
Cas had imagined himself walking across the room, the class quieting to watch in his wake. He had walked straight up too Dean and kissed him squarely on the mouth, in full view of Uriel, Hael and everyone else.
Dean meets his eyes, and then looks away quickly. “The closer you get to the exit, the more pain you’ll cause me. And the more you see, the less you’ll care about that.”
“Hey!” Sam had gasped out eventually, “kinda need to breathe here Dean.”
She’d said as much to the angel as she’d dragged him up the stairs – the wood creaking ominously beneath their combined weights – perhaps more than she should’ve because he looks confused and overwhelmed. Still he doesn’t stop her like they both know he could without blinking. He allows himself to be pulled into the old master bedroom – the only room in the house with a bed left. It’s a little rusty, but she’d already had Cas clean the mattress and find her some bedding when they’d gotten here, so she reckons it’ll do.
“Aww you’ve gone all quiet,” Lucifer places deceptively tender fingers under Dean’s chin, forcing his head to turn and meet his gaze.  “What’s the matter…” he leans in closer again until his lips are almost brushing Dean’s once again. “…‘Cas’ got your tongue?”
“Son,” they always began with son. “Uriel mentioned that you seemed very friendly with Dean Winchester.” Castiel couldn’t help but be amazed that his father had already collected a full report on his day. “Now son, there’s no love between the Walkers and that Winchester boy, and for good reason,” he was building up to the point already, perhaps this one would be short. “But, I’m proud of you son.”
Then he remembered it was only so he could see Cas again, and the guilt had come rushing in. He wondered what they would say, how they would feel, if they knew the truth. He pushed the thought aside. They wouldn’t know. Ever.
“I haven’t been through
“Seriously?”
“Thank you,” she says. “For all of it.”
There’s a sickening swallowing sound that Sam can’t bring himself to think about and then the air is filled with the sound of cruel laughter: filling the horizon and echoing back to the empty road.  The world seems to be shaking: the trees moving furiously in the windless night, the stars smudging into trembling white lines, both in the sky above and on the wet road below.
“And the exit?”
“God, I’ve been such a selfish idiot. I didn’t listen to what you or Cas or even Missouri was trying to tell me because it wasn’t what I wanted to hear.”
: ‘Dean, Dean, Dean’ day in day out. Gives me the worst kind of headache. So I thought: what is there about this one that was enough to make my brother, an
“See you tomorrow then.” Cas said.
“No?” Alistair asks innocently.  “Ah well, I guess you’ve already seen it all. How about you; angel?” With an amused tilt to his face, he throws the heart carelessly towards Cas – it lands his feet with a damp thud, still pulsing sluggishly.
As they talked, Dean led him away from the church, towards main street. A small, slightly battered building was hidden off the main road. The sign outside was faded and flaking. Cas supposed pissing off the local preacher wasn’t good for funding.
“That’s, that’s Cassie – one of Dean’s exes. One he told about our life.”
He listened with half an ear to the sermon, his thoughts pointed away from the church, .It was nearly 10.30, they hadn’t eaten breakfast before they left and he was hungry. Mom had always gotten up early to make them breakfast on Sundays...He forced his mind away from that line of thought and focussed on the Pastor’s words instead.
The other Dean smiles and spreads his hands. “
“You fu –”
Sam’s alarm pierced Dean’s head like a knife. He groaned, throwing a pillow in the general direction of his younger brother.  He was rewarded by the clock being shoved closer to his ear. Forcing himself upwards he lunged for Sam, who was already across the room, laughing.
that killed your mother is still out there – you want Sammy to end up like her? Burning to ash on the ceiling because you couldn’t be bothered to follow the one goddamn order I gave you? Because you couldn’t do the one goddamn thing I trained you for?”
He smiled, drawing comfort from the words – even if they were coming from a voice in his head. Sometimes you took what you could get.
memories. It’s a fear so new and sharp that the need to mitigate it overwhelms everything else. He needs it to be ok: he needs Dean to be ok, more than he needs anything else right now. Without thinking, he lets go of Dean’s arm, bringing his hands up to cup his older brother’s face, forcing Dean to meet his eyes again. “Alright,” he says. “Alright. Do it.”
“You? Study?” Sam had reached a hand up to check Dean’s temperature, laughing again at the indignant look on Dean’s face.
?” comes a familiar, feminine voice that somehow manages to shock Sam even more than he already is. A woman’s head appears and rests itself on Dean’s shoulder. There are a couple more wrinkles etched into her brown skin than the last time he saw her, but her curly hair is still completely black, her gaze still sharp. “There’s the understatement of the century. You had so many knots in your back I thought you were growing a new spine.”
“I told you to shut the fuck –”
Cas nods, then realises Dean can’t see the movement: he’s still watching the road. “That’s fair,” he says out loud, then he pauses, trying to think of the right words to match the emotions that have been growing inside him for nearly ten years. “I have this…image in my mind,” he starts haltingly. “A daydream perhaps? I don’t know where it came from and it doesn’t make much sense but it I like to think about it.” He waits for Dean’s signal before he continues.
“Yeah well he was so busy spreading the word of God to the masses that he forgot to deal with the doubters back home, and what little he did say only made me more confused. It was all so hate filled and angry. Eventually I cracked: finally went and talked to Missouri.” It was impossible to miss the way Dean’s mouth quirked up at the corner. Sam snorted at that. “Yeah, she chewed me out royally for what an idiot I’d been. But she helped. Then I left to go to college: actually saw the world for what it was instead of what they told me it would be.” He shrugged, “that’s about it really. I graduated this past year: I’m going to start law school soon.”
Castiel surveyed the house as he passed. There was a definite absence here. Perhaps it was the empty coat peg by the door; or the pile of unopened mail; or the empty spaces on the bookshelf, but someone had been deliberately removed from the house. Though Mary, he assumed, still beamed at him from photo after photo that adorned every flat surface or wall, her belongings, her life, were conspicuously absent.
we did to protect you! I knew it was a mistake to let you go to California, scholarship or not.”
“I know that you know that that’s bullshit.”
But neither of them speaks.
“Now, you’re probably wonderin’, how come it took me so long to find this beast? An’ folks I have to admit I failed you.” Jim’s face was twisted with remorse. There were tears in his eyes but his voice remained steady, slowly rising in pitch as he continued. “I let this monster live among you. He eats with you, he talks with you. He sits in this church and pretends to be you. And it wasn’t until he tried to lure my own son away from God, away from
“Yeah well, what can you do?” The kid smiles, “that was nice of your brother to do though,” his face falls, “wish mine was like that.” Looking closer, Dean can see that, despite the bright colours, the kid’s clothes are ill-fitting and crumpled in the way that only clothes that live in a duffle bag crumple. He feels an abrupt pang of kinship with the teen.
“It’s not safe for you neither,” Missouri observed dryly. “An’ as much as it’s nice to finally see you in person again, I know you ain’t here for me so what gives?” She shifted her gaze between Sam and Dean as they squirmed.
“Not yet at least,” says the spell lightly – Cas glares at him and he raises his hands placatingly. “Not a threat – just a comment on the gradual nature of liver disease.”
brother,” he adds, backing away before the kid can try to pass the money back, “that if he don’t man up and do his job I’ll kick his ass.”
“Help slash hinder?”
“I know. Trippy – right??” He says casually, seemingly unconcerned by their reactions. “But I think it makes my point.”
“Simple: you two get out of here and get back to fighting Lucifer or Michael or whatever Big Bad we’re up to right now, and you don’t even have to pause for an episode or two to get this shit show back into working order.”
They wait as Dean drags himself to his feet, gaping at the destruction around him, before turning to regard the grave he just crawled out of. Then, with a quick glance towards them, he turns and sprints in the opposite direction.
“What makes you think he wants to come back?” Lucifer taunts, still edging closer and closer, agonisingly slowly. Dean, his back already at the car, can do nothing but watch and wait. “What’s he got out here that I can’t give him in there? You?” Lucifer laughs. “Get real. My brother may be a piss poor excuse for an angel, but he’s still a divine creation – straight from God himself and as old as the universe. And what are you?” He stops inches from Dean’s face, bringing his hand up to pat Dean’s cheek, so gently it’s a mockery. Dean still flinches involuntarily, jerking his head in the opposite direction. “Some alcoholic, insignificant ant with a tacky, old car and tired, old daddy issues. You really think my brother could love that?” Lucifer waits for Dean's shoulders to slump in dejection before delivering his next blow. "Oh so you don't know either?" he asks, and then laughs at Dean's sharp intake of breath. "Oh, he loves you alright, this brother of mine. The fool. Not that it matters. He didn't love you enough to stay, did he? Still said 'yes', didn't he? Just like Sam did last time? Interesting pattern isn't it: how everyone you love leaves you for me?"
“What happened?”  Cas asked softly.
was wrong. Because
Dean is slumped on the ground, face mutilated and bloody (his own and Cas’). Lucifer (Sam) is standing over him, face a stone statue carved with an evil smirk.
him.  “It takes a lot of strength to resist the bull this world throws at people like u –” she corrected herself. “People like you.”
Sam reaches out to brush the bruise already forming on Dean’s arm, but, as before, he simply passes straight through. Dean draws back, as if burned.
“No it’s ok Dad.” Castiel assured him, “I think I just need some sleep. If I don’t feel better tonight I’ll go to the Doctor’s tomorrow.”
That was just his luck, Castiel reflected grimly as he retreated to their normal table at the back. He grabbed a random book off the shelf, and tried to read it. The words floated before him, more squiggles than language as he willed Dean to arrive soon. Somehow he doubted this old lady would be as accommodating as Missouri.
“Dean, I’m sorry,” Castiel said quietly, moving his head closer to the other boy’s until they were almost touching. “I’d rather be with you.  They’re the wrong people, not you.” It was clumsy, but Dean felt the words resonate through him none the less.
“Hey,” Dean shrugs, still watching them with what could pass for humanity in his green eyes, “It’s gonna happen either way and I promise to be quick about it, at least. Well,” he amends, after a second’s thought, “maybe not quick. Quickish. Or maybe not quickish. But, y’know: not slow.”
Dean,
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t see why it should matter,” he says, though to her it sounds a little defensive.
optional. A man like me
Alistair gestures to Dean on the rack. “My handiwork,” he says. “Well, mine and an old friend’s.”
“Fucks’ sake!” Dean swears at the empty air. “Come back!”
“No, I’ve never been back.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean challenged her. “If the universe doesn’t hate me then why did it send me you to deal with?”
“So I have to go because?”
“Nothin’ at all?” Dean sounds disappointed.
“You look like her, y’know?” The words came, echoing cruelly out of the recesses of his memories. They were his father’s, but there was a sadness to them that was eerily out of character for John. He tried to place the memory.
“I don’t know,” Cas had been forced to admit. “Missouri seems to think we should leave, one day.”
“Let him wonder,” Jonah says. “It’s not the end of the world.”
call a tunnel so I
“We’ll use that shock to our advantage, I’ll explain what happened: why you’re here.”
“It’s not in either of my natures,” Dean seems a little saddened by this. And a little pleased.
“Won’t it be suspicious?” he was so tense, she noted, trying to hold himself together with sheer willpower alone.
They all pretended not to notice that John was shaking slightly as he placed the last of the food on the table. He took his seat and waited, looking expectantly at Jim. The Pastor smiled, lowering his head to begin grace.
“Do you know where the door is?” Sam tries hopefully, “You could take us there before…” he trails off because Dean is ignoring him, looking at Cas like he’s the only thing in the world.
She gave him an odd look at that, but stuck her head into the kitchen nevertheless. Her words were lost in the babble of conversations and cooking so he couldn’t hear exactly what she was saying. A second later, however, she turned back to him. “He wants to know if you’re Lester?”
But of course, Dean wasn’t stupid enough to show up, and Cas was ‘reformed’ so he was supposed to be pleased about that.
“You mean: his conception of himself.”
A door appears in the wall in front of them, revealing a dimly lit hallway. As they follow Dean out Cassie, and the bedroom, begin to disintegrate. The walls go first, then the furniture and finally Cassie – who watches Dean all the while – her face resigned yet also slightly accusatory. Dean keeps his head forward as they move through the hallway, past smudged pictures of Cassie, Jonah, and faceless friends and family decorating the wall and down the stairs. Jonah himself stands in the hallway, a pack of cigarettes and a lighter clutched in his hand.
“Empty,” he hisses, eyes glowing a lifeless white. “Inside you’re all just empty.”
“It’s not like he had much choice is it?” Cas retorted. It was stupid, dangerous. But he did it anyway.
“I’m glad.”The words slipped out before he’d had time to think about them.
going down well in many other places) and the small pile of books in the window (which had its blinds pulled mostly down) but otherwise it was a normal diner: tacky, garish and loud yet charming because of these things. The people too looked more or less normal, at least at first. There was an awful lot of leather. Two men (
Dad, this place is crawling with kids on vacation. Which,” he adds venomously, “ends next week. You gonna enrol us in school on time this year? Or are you gonna be too busy with some fucking skinwalker like last time?” He smirks again at the look on John’s face. “Anything else you wanna rail me for while you’ve got me here?”
“No.” He said firmly, almost before Cas had finished talking. “Besides, it’s not your fault. I’m the one who kissed you.”
“That so?” John grunted.
He barely spoke for the rest of the day. He managed to block out Uriel and the others, for the most part, and concentrated instead on finding a way to talk to Dean. He had no doubt that they were being kept apart, but he might have a chance in the last class of the day. He all but ran to the classroom, managing to shake off Uriel. He’d pay for it, but it would buy him the time he needed.
Missouri’s words seemed to follow Dean as he fled into the cool evening. It was still light, but the sun was weak in the murky streets. By the time he reached his street he was panting heavily, the thoughts he had tried to outrun still crowding his mind. He approached his house slowly, relieved at the empty driveway. He was searching for the spare key when he heard a shout.
“Dean?”
“Sammy!” Dean yelled after him, but his brother didn’t stop, didn’t look back. He was soon swallowed by the darkness once more.
Dean shrugs “I guess it just never came up.”
The voice was insistent.
It was an awkward meal. John sat, staring at the Pastor, picking half heartedly at the food Sam filled the void, chattering incessantly about the church, about school, barely stopping to eat. He seemed to think that if silence were allowed to creep in for even one second, everything would fall apart.
“You don’t think I know that?” Dean can’t keep the frustration from his voice – and it’s not like Bobby doesn’t already know exactly how he’s feeling anyway. “I can
“Dad seriously, what the hell?” Sam tried to interject from the side, but John ignored him.
“Sammy get your bag.” John had been watching from the doorway. “Time for school.”
“What the fuck?” the Dean behind them asks.
“Hael, are you ok?” he forced himself to be polite.
“It was while you were at Stanford,” enough time has passed that Dean’s only a little embarrassed to admit this. “I was headin’ up that way to, uh, ‘check’ on you when Bobby called and told me about a hunt in L.A. Turned out to be a bust but I stayed on for a couple weeks after to have some fun.”
“Um...upstairs?”
“Dean you know that’s not true,” Cas said firmly, taking Dean’s hand. “They’re the ones that’re wrong, remember?”
“Sounds good to me,” Dean says.
“And to think all it took was getting magically trapped in my own brain and having to stab you in the heart to get out.”
“Yes I’m sure it was the books, you lying, dirty, treacherous little
A voice in is head kept asking.
“I mean yeah if that’s…if you’re comfortable with more,” Dean seems flustered.
“That’s an understatement. Where are you?” Sam stretches his hand out, then withdraws it quickly when he hits something soft.
Looming large behind him, a large, startlingly pink motel block is an eye watering contrast with the blue, cloudless sky. It’s such a perfect rectangle, with the smaller glass and wood rectangles of windows and doors occurring at such perfectly regular intervals, that Cas has to blink at it a couple of times just to make sure it’s really real and really that pink. It’s a far cry from anything he’s ever associated Dean with. He glances at Sam, and is surprised to find the other Winchester smiling.
“If you won’t tell us, I guess we’ll have to ask Sam.” He raised his voice, so that his words would carry to the younger Winchester, watching anxiously from the porch.
“We need to leave Dean.” Now it was Dean’s turn to look away. “Dean, you can’t seriously want to stay?”
“God, I didn’t want you to ever see this,” Dean’s eyes flicker to Cas. “Again,”
The none too gentle lurch of an inexperienced foot on the brake nearly has him sliding off the seat. Blearily, he sits up – the familiar interior of the bunker’s garage dimly visible through the windows. Cas is extricating himself clumsily from the driver’s seat. Dean is passed out on the passenger side – snoring softly.
He nods. “Sleep,” he says. “I’ll watch over you.”
you think was going on? With Dad.”
you, I mean. I do always love your visits, few and far between though they are.”
“And I guess I’m scared,” Dean admits reluctantly, then ploughs on quickly before Sam can speak. “Look Sam, please don’t make me talk about this where I can’t lie.”
“I’m sorry Dean.” Cas forced himself to turn away, to walk towards Uriel’s cluster of desks. He focussed on their plan. It was Tuesday, he had to get through four days before he could see Dean.
Sammy and Dad...they wanted believe there was somewhere better. But they hadn’t seen the look in Mom’s eyes. He still dreamt about that look. What kind of God would do that to his Mom? She hadn’t deserved the pain, and neither had he.
“Did you ever stop to think,” John continues, “how it might look – an eleven year old boy running round a motel on his own or with some random group of kids? What if someone became suspicious: called CPS? What would you’ve done then?”
“You’re thinking what you’ve always thought. What you
So it was that a heavy silence still hung over the Winchester household when Sunday morning dawned. John ferried Dean and Sam into the car with a grim look, Sam in the front seat; Dean exiled permanently to the back.
“Sorry Jimmy didn’t mean to get all formal on you, I just,” he took a deep breath. “I just haven’t had the chance to properly thank you for everything you...with Mary... and I want to do it properly.” Jim waited patiently for him to finish, before taking his hand again.
Something clicked into place and he stared at Hael in disbelief. She had only known him a few hours, why did she want him to take ask her? Why didn’t she just ask him? He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t want to go with her, he knew that much. But if he said so, how would she (or Uriel or his father) react? He didn’t even know why he didn’t want to go with her, she seemed nice enough: it just felt fundamentally wrong. It wasn’t supposed to, he was supposed to be happy, ecstatic even, that a girl wanted to go out with him. What was wrong with him?
“Yeah,” Sam replies. “I know.”
“I don’t know, that sounds like a lot of fun to me.” He says instead.
“Shit,” Dean gasps out. “Fuck…that’s…I can’t…Cas…I can’t…the car.”
Sam started up his usual patter as they turned into grocery store parking lot. John smiled at him as they entered the shop, which Rufus had just opened, barely out of church himself.
“I don’t want to hear it. Now get in the car.”
Sam nods – that feels right. It means Dean won’t be able to run away at least. He hops out and hurries back into the front seat – Dean sliding with practiced ease to his customary spot behind the wheel. In smooth silence, Dean guides them out the garage and back onto the road – his grace a marked contrast with Cas’ earlier clumsiness.
“It just hurts so much,” Dean lowers his head. “I’m so tired of hurting Sammy,” he breathes, barely audible. “I just need it to stop. I’m sorry; I just can’t be your brother anymore. I can’t be anything anymore.”
“Yup.”
“Come in, tell me everything.” She let them both into the library, locking the door behind her.
. At least his life would do some good then.
The place seemed utterly deserted, Dean noted with relief. He knew Ms. Moseley would be around somewhere, but if they headed to the back she might not spot them...
“I know you are – but I’ve been torn wide open Sammy so I’m not really up to following these metaphors all the way through to the end. Pick somewhere – anywhere – and we’ll get to the rest eventually. However long it takes. I told Cas not to wait up.”
“I’m sorry, Cassie. I’m so sorry.”
After they finished eating he helped her reorganise the library. “Look what that old bitch has done to this place,” she gestured to the shelves in despair. “Look how empty the shelves are.”
“Yeah, well that was recent. She’s never gone, far as I know. And she fights with everyone. A lot. But your Dad especially” Admiration coloured Dean’s voice.
“What the fuck are you talking about? Let me go.” He tried to tug his arm free, but Michael only tightened his grip.
It feels a little strange to be in the front seat. There is, he notices with a jolt, nothing between him and Dean. If he wanted to (if Dean wanted him to) he could reach out and grasp his thigh. He knots his hands in his lap instead.
“Is there anything
Cas frowns. “I haven’t seen the latest one, but a man on the internet –”
“That’s the point.” He didn’t understand why Dean wasn’t happy about this. “We won’t know anybody, and they won’t know us. If we go to a city, if we go to New York or California, nobody will care. We’ll just be two kids from Kansas, we’ll blend into the background.”
you idiot. Honestly, I know Sam’s the smart one but I didn’t think the difference was
“Yeah and more figuratively as well, especially as you got older.”
Cas’ only answer was to hand him the postcard. Dean read it in the flickering orange of the street light that shone through his small window.
Cas kisses him, gently, reverently. “Thank you, Dean.”
Cas nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
“We won’t,” Cas assured her.
“What about: Jonah, Cassie or Jonah
“This must’ve been during the apocalypse – the first one,” Sam says disbelievingly. “I had no idea Dean was still seeing her.”
Dean had debated telling John beforehand, thinking it might ease the tension between them. In the end he decided to wait. It would be more believable if his supposed transformation came
, even when you two’ve tried to rip it apart. I know my path and I’ve chosen to follow it no matter what, so you don’t
“It’s just adults today.”
“When is it?” he asks.
to happen.
“Dean?” Cas whispers – the sound almost instantly vanishing in the darkness. Nothing changes, the sounds continue, and no demons or monsters spring their trap. Sam squints hopelessly into the dark, but nothing within it stirs.
Dean nods.
you too.”
Sam? When is this –” he nods at the frozen scene “ – from?”
“That’s fine then.” Dean said matter of factly, pushing Sam to the back of his brain for now. “But what about you? What’s it like being back in with the God Squad?”
Sam let out a breath, and administered his coup-de-grâce. “And what about Mom?”
Dean thinks, but he doesn’t say it. Instead, he says what Cas wants to hear right now: the truth. “It wasn’t the words so much,” he admits. “It’s not like I haven’t heard that and worse before outta the mouths of people I actually give a damn about. It was the way he looked at me: like I wasn’t even human. Like I was so far away from him that we weren’t even the same species anymore. He didn’t hate me for tryin’ to kill him: he hated me just for existing, and there ain’t a damn thing I could’ve done to change his mind. And I know he doesn’t matter,” he adds when Cas opens his mouth, “and I know he’s wrong. But…” he trails off, not even sure what he was going to say.
“I thought I said you weren’t in this episode,” Alistair says, and Cas’ voice cuts off like he’s been muted. “Now remember your lines Sammy – do me proud.”
“Uh,” Dean says.
“Why?”
He had assumed what he felt was wrong. Why? Logically, he knew he had just heard a sermon on why it was wrong, but rather than strengthening his convictions, his father’s speech was causing them to crumble.
He was already halfway to safety when he felt the eyes of congregation burn into him.
Dean laughs hollowly. “Maybe you,” he says.
“Right,” he says firmly, “no more serious talk for the night. We’re gonna talk about Star Wars and that’s it.”
Dean...
of the matter…”
“It doesn’t ring a bell,” he admits. “I guess I was about 11?”
Pulling into the bunker’s garage is a little tricky, and he inadvertently wakes Sam up as he does so. Figuring that both brothers will probably find this easier in a place they can’t easily escape, he makes his way into the bunker proper before Sam has a chance to question him. Sure enough, he hears the sound of a car pulling out into the night.
The spell bellows in agony, green smoke pouring from his mouth like blood. The form, the body shaped like Dean, collapses into a writing pillar of green before dissipating into the air around them.
Missouri had. She watched the two of them pensively. Those idiots probably thought they were being subtle, but there was nothing subtle about young love.  She remembered when she had been their age. Everything had been so much bigger then. There were times when she missed those days; when a simple kiss remade the world. If these boys weren’t careful, a kiss could mean the end of theirs.
It was, Dean saw as he thought about everything. “Yeah. I’m sick of people blaming me for their issues. Dad, Uriel, this whole goddam town...” he trailed off, lost in thought.
,” Cas shoots back venomously. “And I wouldn’t trust you to –“
sorry to have kept you waiting, but i wanted to do this justice. enjoy some fluff to welcome you into this new year.
“Can you tell us something, anything, more?”
“Well then trust me when I say that I’m always gonna come back.” They draw together for one last, long, lingering kiss, before Dean gets to his feet. “Right, well,” he holds his phone up in one hand, simultaneously beckoning for Sam and Cas to follow with the other. “Duty calls.”
I've been working on this for ages and, frankly, it's gotten to the point where it just needs to be posted before it's nitpicked into oblivion. I might reread it again when i'm less tired and make some changes. But i also might fully not.
“Tell me
“Then what?” They both fell silent, considering their meagre options.
make it so that the room is paid for through the end of the week and that he’s got enough to do that he won’t just run away. I’ve been doin’ all that and more since I was his age or younger! What makes us so different that you’d leave me alone with him then, but don’t trust him to take care of himself now?”
The numbness was fading, replaced by anger. What had he done?
He shook his head. “It’s the worst thing I’ve ever done.”
“Don’t play dumb with me Sammy,” Dean taunts. “I know you’ve noticed, even if you’re trying to tell yourself you haven’t. You’ve been the common thread so far haven’t you?”
“Dean,” John barked, striding to the door without so much as glancing at his Son. “Let’s go.”
“To what?” Dean interrupts. “Lie? You know I can’t do that in here.”
Cas was so shocked at the words that he couldn’t speak.  As he struggled to compose a reply, however, he noticed his father, watching him tensely. He was still on thin ice – he would have to be careful.
to talk about it. You ever consider that, huh?”
“I dunno: fire and brimstone? Demons playin’ golden fiddles and makin' human s’mores over an open flame? This just seems like more of what you got going on upstairs.”
“No sorry it’s just,” Sam snickers “it’s transgender Dean.”
like squeezing my prematurely aged ass down that aneurysm
“Nothin’ Sammy,” Dean tried to smile. It looked all wrong. He ruffled Sam’s hair to distract him. “I’m just tired of your snoring is all.”
“Yeah and I couldn’t keep you safe then either,” Dean frowns at the moon.
“Well Zeke, can’t a guy enjoy an evening walk?”
“He’s my brother.” Dean said simply. “Make sure no one bothers us ok?”
The drive back is mercifully silent, Dean rests his head on Cas’ shoulder, glad for the exhaustion that excuses the contact, and pretends not to notice Sam’s worried brown eyes watching him from the rearview mirror. He focuses on watching the road and tries to push Harvey’s face, and hatred, from his mind.
“Alright, you’ve got me interested: What is it?” Dean asks, heart beating with fear and anticipation, excitement and pain.
Sam, coming to a similar realisation next to him, jerks instinctually.  But the water doesn’t splash and neither of them are even damp: the water simply moves through them like they’re standing in a hologram. Cas accepts this without much thought (after everything else that’s happened and is happening and probably will happen, non-wet swimming pools are the least of it). Instead, of course, he casts about for Dean.
“Uh, yes,” Cas blinks in surprise.  “I suppose so.”
“There were people on the street the whole time,” Dean’s voice was shaking. “Uriel said they didn’t care what happened to me.”
“I dunno, he’s been pretty forthcoming – more so than the real Dean would probably be. Besides, nothing he’s told us so far is particularly helpful to anyone; there’s no benefit for him to be lying about this.”
Dean smiles softly. “He’s only pretending to sleep,” he explains. “So that we can talk. That’s his way of letting us know he can’t hear us.”
He’d made his decision then, and he was sticking to it now.
“God,” Sam gasps, eventually. “I don’t remember the last time I laughed that hard. Thanks.”
“He’ll says he’ll be two minutes; he’s gonna bring you pancakes.” She brought the coffee pot over. “What’s your name stranger?”
At the edges, on the other side of the barriers, people have gathered to watch. Most are smiling and cheering, several have their phones out.  A few, however, are scowling. One middle-aged woman sees Dean looking at her and her eyes flash with hate. She shouts something at him, though her voice is lost in the cheers and whoops of the crowd. But Dean can guess well enough, and his hand tenses round Castiel’s.
He smiled at the thought. The world seemed to get brighter, the sun warmer, and it was a struggle not to get too far ahead of Sam.
“Are those my only choices then?” He asks acidly. “The repressed, deluded brother you gotta drag out the closet? Or the happy, campy ‘out and proud’ brother who kisses his boyfriend in the middle of the street while you cheer from the sidelines? You really think that’ll go any better for me? We still drink in those ‘crappy’ bars, Sam. We still hunt with those ‘shitty’ people. How can you say it’s a different world when yesterday we burnt a piece of it that hated me so much he came back from the fuckin’ dead? You want me to be ‘ok’ with that?” He sighs at the look on Sam’s face, his anger deflating and leaving him vaguely guilty. “Look, you’re probably right: I’m not good when it comes to emotions and shit, and I probably do have some messed up crap in my head. But none of that is new: I’ve been dealing with this a
How much of what he believed was actually his father’s rhetoric, forced into his brain since childhood? Jim and his mother had never gotten along it was true, but she had never exactly disagreed with him and had often taken Castiel to his sermons when he was in town.
But nothing,
He wanted to deny it, to tell his father the truth for once, but what difference would it make? If anything, this would make it easier to spend time with Dean.  He tried to look embarrassed at being “discovered” ducking his head and looking away.
Dean. You won’t be able to face yourself if you never tried to make amends.”
“Yeah, and we both took girls to the school dance. Just because she’s married to a man – ”
Dean saw Cas immediately. Their eyes met, and he almost laughed out loud at the “get me the fuck out of here” look in them. He crossed the hall in quick, easy strides. Hael had followed Castiel’s gaze, her face took on a pained look and her grip on his arm tightened noticeably.
“I didn’t think so,” Jim screeched above it all. “
“Dean that’s –”
“Here, let me,” Charlie stepped forward, curiosity on every inch of her face.
“Whatever it was it was pretty stupid but it got bad fast. I was just sitting there between them and there was this fear – so much that I couldn’t move – that he was gonna say something and I was gonna explode the way dad used to. There was a beer on the table in front on me, and all I could think was that I was gonna throw it at him, or at the wall behind him. Then…then he called Lisa a bitch,” Dean stops again, squeezing his eyes shut.
His wandering eyes settled in Castiel, the Preacher’s son, sitting in the front row. His dark head was bowed in apparent prayer, but he seemed to sense Dean’s eyes on him as he looked up, twisting in his seat. His eyes were a bright blue, and Dean was so distracted by them that it took him a few seconds to realise he’d been caught staring. He blushed, quickly dropping his gaze and mimicking Castiel’s pose .He supposed if Castiel would be in his class at school. The whole town was curious about the boy: he had lived with his mother until now, and Pastor Novak didn’t like talking about her. Dean wondered why he was here: maybe something had happened to his Mom too...Thinking of school reminded him of the Dance next Thursday; he supposed he should ask someone. But Benny had already asked Meg, and he didn’t know any other girls that well. There was Anna in his chemistry class, who often smiled at him across the classroom. Meg said she liked him: that she asked about him in PE, but the thought of asking her made his throat contract. He didn’t know why, he’d talked to Anna a couple times and she seemed nice but...
Hael had switched her focus back to Castiel. When she started speaking, her words were flat and prepared. “This has gone on long enough, Castiel. We know what you’ve been trying to do with Dean, and we think it’s clear that you’ve failed.”
“You seem to be getting the tears under control,” Cas points out. “That should make things with Sam easier.”
“Why does it matter? We’re still lost either way,” Cas answers sullenly when he asks. Sam is annoyed at his brother too, of course, but he can’t help but be amused at Cas’ petty resentment of being tricked.
“How long have these been in here?” Sam asks as they perch precariously on the bonnet of the impala. It’s the same box, he realises with a chill, as the memory with Cas.
“Dean, don’t listen to them. They’re wrong remember? What do they know? Nothing nothing nothing. We have each other. That’s enough.”
In the harsh white light of the headlights, Dean’s face is blotchy mess. There are still tears leaking out his red rimmed eyes – which seem unfocused, darting over Cas’ face as if searching for something. He seems to find whatever it is he’s looking for, as his whole body relaxes into Cas’ touch – eyes closing in relief, hands coming up to grip Cas’ wrists.
Sam eyes the figure suspiciously. “You’re not Dean.”
and instead says: “Are you going to talk to him?”
“...Dad said I couldn’t stay anymore. That was yesterday.”
He shifts a little on his feet. “I’ll admit I’ve been…curious,” he says slowly, his gaze moving up and down her body in the familiar sweep that she takes as her cue.
“It doesn’t matter Sammy, it’s not safe.” Dean was firm. “Me n’ Cas have worked our asses off to make a home away from Him and all this and we ain’t losing that for anything. All it takes is one slip up for the Pastor to find out and he’ll show up, frothing at the mouth no doubt, on our doorstep. I ain’t risking Cas nor Charlie nor my damn diner, Ok?”
“Cas,” Dean was relieved to see a face that wasn’t dripping in hate. “How’s your day been? Awful? Mine’s been awful.”
Sam is saved from answering by Dean, who pops casually back into existence beside them.
“Get the fuck away from my son you fucking faggot!” Dean felt rough hands pulling him back, away from Cas. He twisted, catching the white flash of Pastor Walker’s smug grin before he was shoved towards the waiting car.
He turns and nearly walks into Sam and Cas, each with their own EMF meters. “Who were you talking to?” Sam asks
“Why not? I’d be able to go home.”
“Go back inside, please. I’ll explain later, I promise,” Dean pleaded. To Uriel he added, “He doesn’t know anything, I haven’t done anything to him I swear.” The desperation in his voice must have been convincing, for he was suddenly being pulled away from his house and down the street.
Dean.”
“Hey,” Dean puts a hand under her chin and tilts her face towards his. “Do you trust me?”
The extra seconds of the gesture give Dean time to collect himself somewhat: he tenses noticeably, trying to draw himself up taller, even if his position on the ground renders him totally vulnerable. “Where’s Cas?” He demands hotly, covering his fear with anger. “What’ve you done to him? Where’ve you sent him?”
Both behind and in front of them, the tunnel stretches, long and straight. Nothing marks the spot where it began, and nothing ahead of them suggests an ending. There’s no obvious light source, yet they can see everything clearly enough as they edge forwards, trying to find some discernible pattern or meaning in the walls as they move past. Or maybe the walls are moving around them? It’s not like they’re in a physical space right now. Or are they? Have they literally been transformed into electrical impulses moving through Dean’s brain matter, and this is the only way their consciousnesses are able to conceive it, or are they in some magical simulation created by the witch?
“Well clearly someone has to talk sense to you, and it sure as hell ain’t gonna be you.”
Trans.”
“Just the usual stuff, Y’know.” Dean’s pleased at how steady his voice is, even if it is a bit raspy. He’s careful not to look at either of them as he speaks, focusing on the smoking grave. “I’m gonna kill you, you’re gonna burn in hell. All the greatest hits.”
“I’m proud of you son,” he said tearfully once it was over. He didn’t notice Castiel’s own glassy eyes, or if he did he dismissed it as happiness. “It’s not easy to see the light, but there’s good in you and the lord has rewarded it.”
“Nah,” Dean smiles. “I know you never work Thursdays.”
“I wanted to reconnect with my father.” He hoped it was the right answer, though he doubted it mattered.
Cas laughed, properly laughed, for the first time in days. “It gives us an excuse to hide in a corner for a few hours,” he reminded Dean, revelling in the way those green eyes lit up at the thought. “And I imagine the library will be pretty empty today.”  He remembered what Jim had said. “What did my Dad mean? About the librarian?”
“Is that what you told him?” Jimmy was on his feet again, striding towards Dean. He grabbed the other boy by the arms and pulled him forward, off the chair. From his corner, John Winchester watched, silent. “Is this the lies you told my Son? Is that how you lead him astray? You liar! People like you can’t love, all you do is take and corrupt and destroy!” Spit was flying from his mouth; his eyes were wide, unfocussed.
“How can I know Dean? You lied to me. You lied to all of us.”
“No. No,” Dean tries to shake his head. “You can’t be here. You’re not supposed to be here. You’re supposed to be safe, not here.”
Dean opens his mouth to speak, but nothing comes out.
that you need help!”
“You miss them.” It’s not a question.  Cas puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder – it’s a strange sensation, like he’s touching snow rather than flesh. Dean is just a little too cold, with just a little too much give, to be real. After a second, Cas’ hand begins to sink into the fabric of Dean’s jacket, and he pulls it back hurriedly.
“Well come on then,” he says shortly, still watching the place where John vanished. “We all got places to be.”
“Sure Sammy,” Dean says wearily, getting to his feet. “And water isn’t wet and grass isn’t green. Come on. The door is at the bunker. It’s not that far.” Even as he speaks, the entrance has materialised a few feet away from them. Dean stops at the door. It’s different from the other doors – it has no dates, and instead of wood, it’s made of a dark, heavy metal. “This is it,” he says. “I’m through there.”
“Sammy please…”
Dean nods and slows to a stop, shooting him a silent thank you, while Cas narrows his eyes in suspicious confusion. Sam makes a great show of fishing his headphones out of a pocket and turning the volume on his phone up loud as Cas takes his space up front.
“Does he?” Cas kept his voice expressionless as possible, eyes never leaving Jims’. “That’s unfortunate.”
“No, Sir.”
“Can I go back? To the way I was? Fuck, am I even me anymore?”
would conspire to keep you two away from anything that might give you insight into my mind and help us escape?”
Before the lock had clicked into place, Sam had grabbed his father by the shoulders and pulled him round to face him, the phone hitting the ground with a harsh crack. “What the hell is wrong with you?” he demanded. “How could you say something like that to your own son? How d’you think Mom would feel, huh? Seeing her family tear itself apart like this.”
“So you’re telling me you don’t know where he is?” John’s voice is ice cold, the words echo slightly, and it seems to snap Dean into awareness, so that now, when he looks up at John from his (vulnerable) position, his gaze is wary.
“We’re not leaving you Dean,” Cas says firmly.
There was someone running towards the bus stop. It wasn’t Cas: he realised that almost immediately. No, not Cas (not yet) but just as good.
Alistair shrugs, seemingly disappointed but not surprised. “It was worth a shot,” he says. “But alas, even when you’re this corrupted you fear me too much. Proof of a job well done, I suppose. Perhaps too well done?” Neither of him says anything, and Alistair smiles widely. “Well, if I’m too, ah, extreme for your taste, may I suggest the next best thing? I can’t guarantee you the same results, of course, but I’m sure you’ll have more than enough to work with.”
He dragged his attention back to Hael. “Huh?”
A part of Cas marvels at how the man beside him – the man currently too embarrassed to admit he wants to go on a date – is the same man who not five minutes ago was crying into his shoulder on a cold stretch of road. That that man is the same man he’s seen face down demons, angels and god himself without sweating is all the more remarkable. He watches Dean for a little bit longer – revelling in being able to look, and to be seen looking – before he speaks.
Dean smiles, finally. “Thanks Cas,” he says. Then, more casually. “Y’know – you’re a really good kisser. And not a bad driver either.”
“Both of you:
Sam Winchester had never been in a gay diner before. It looked, he noted with relief tinged with disappointment, more or less like any other diner. There were a few odd touches: the small rainbow flag on the thick doorframe (there was also a deadbolt); the names of the newspapers and magazines left on tables (Sam couldn’t imagine
“You mean men?”
He sniffs it. “Interesting. Wouldn’t you agree?” For a second he’s smoke again, and then he’s directly in front of Sam, offering the heart to him.  Sam wretches, twisting his head as much as he can to try to get away from the sight, from the smell, from the sound.
“Shut up,” Dean tries weakly.  “And fuck off.”
“Listen, Sammy, I have better things to do with my time than memorise a bunch of letters and flags,” Dean snaps. “
“What do you mean?” Had Uriel been watching them?
“Thank you Hael.” She still looked guilt stricken and he cast about for something else to say. “I don’t blame you, any of you.”
“Yeah,” Dean grimaces. “Look; there’s some pretty messed up shit in my brain and, no offence, but you two are the last people in the world I want seeing most of it. So I sent me to keep you two busy and safe while I look through some of the worst bits.”
“Of course you wouldn’t, but what else are big brothers for eh?”
“Cas, are you sure?” Dean asked. “Not that I don’t want you to stay but what about your Dad?”
“What?”
“Dean enough!” Sam snaps. “Stop with the goddamn posturing and just admit were ashamed.”
“Well it looks pretty damn bad,” Missouri informed him, depositing him in a chair and accepting the first aid kit Cas offered. “Thank you, Castiel.”
“Yes,” Cas had sounded worried, probably that he’d pushed too far too soon. He hadn’t said ‘love’ but he might as well have, and they both knew it. Cas hadn’t been able to see the pure happiness his words had instilled inside Dean.  He’d been so happy, it’d taken him a while to get his own words out.
“No thank you son.” Jim smiled, “knowing that I got through to just one person is enough for me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Charlie,” she held out her hand, “nice to meet ya. So, how do you know Dean?”
The other Dean makes a noise. “That’s cheating.”
He caught one last glimpse of Sam, still standing on the stairs with a bewildered expression on his face, before Uriel blocked his vision. They didn’t stop until they’d dragged him round a corner onto the next street. There were a few people still out, dog walkers mostly, but they all ignored the four teenagers.
“Um…all three?”
“We just want to hear your side of the story boys,” He pushed gently. “Castiel,” he laid a gentle hand on his Son’s shoulder, “I know it must have been an awful surprise for you, what Dean did.”
hi everyone! sorry for the delay, I've started back at uni now so these past couple weeks (and these next few weeks tbh) have all been a little hectic. hope this chapter was worth the wait.
“That’s the Roadhouse, best bar around. Well, it’s the only bar around.” He laughed at his own joke. “And there’s Bobby Singer’s garage, he might have an openin for you, if I ask.”
It doesn’t take long for it to become apparent that the space is just
“And the man?” Cas asks, neutrally, as if it’s the most normal question in the world.
“I want to kiss you so bad right now,” Dean murmurs – but he doesn’t move so neither does Cas. “But.”
“– I was weak, I’m sorry. I know that I’m disgusting and beyond saving, but I don’t want to drag you down. I’ll understand if you don’t want to see me again.” He was crying now, the tremors running through his voice were enough to break Dean’s heart, never mind the tears running down his cheeks. “I’ll stay out of your way I –”
Cas smiled, secretly thrilled that he’d used the nickname. He’d worried it had been a onetime thing but it rolled off Dean’s tongue as if he’d been saying it for years. “My day was shit,” he admitted cheerfully.
Sam had been suspicious. “Who’re you spending the night with then?” His face had brightened suddenly. “Anna?”
“Yeah,” Dean snickers, “Cas said. It’d make me worried about you and your powers of observation if you hadn’t already survived this long.”
“So don’t know where Sam is?” John crosses his arms.
Was this how Dad had felt; after Mom had died?
“It’s a nice memory – I didn’t wanna disrupt it.”
wants you to go. Now hurry up and leave,” he lies back on the hood of the impala, “I got shit to do.”
Her first instinct, of course, is to look towards his groin. His dick (she’s both relived and faintly disappointed to see) is a pretty normal looking one. It’s soft, but she doubts it will stay that way for much longer. Curiosity satisfied; she takes in the rest of his body.
Cas smiled. “I’m running away tomorrow so it doesn’t really matter does it?”
“So let’s go to Hawaii or somethin’,” Dean snaps.  “Let’s not drive across the country for six hours just to watch a bunch of twinks in shorts and glitter twerk to Katy Perry.”
“Because he’s my
“We saved the world though,” Sam reminds him.
“Castiel,” He’d tried to convey every ounce of his feelings into this one sentence. “I
“Don’t worry Sam; we won’t let him near you.”
Cautiously, they edge towards it – the light revealing the beginnings of curves and contours, the erratic beating gets louder and faster as they approach, emanating from the structure itself. They must be about ten steps away when Sam can make out the outline of a familiar hand, hanging limply, streaked with filth, blood dripping slowly off the fingers.
“Things were bad,” Sam admits, “worse than we let on. And I, uh, I said some things I regret. Now.”
Cas moans again, more insistently. “Dean,” he calls, “please…need…hurts,” he looks up and catches Dean’s gaze with his own. “
“Dean...”
“Uh yeah, I guess.” Shit, now he would have to actually go with her. “I haven’t properly asked her yet though. She might say no.” He entertained the brief hope that she would.
“You don’t…it’s me that should be apologising. I should’ve been more careful, I shouldn’t have assumed that…”his voice catches “…that you would want what I want.”
With a pained and garbled cry, Dean wrenches his head back, finally managing to free himself. A chunk of flesh stays behind, however, and blood splatters the tarmac – gleaming like uncut rubies in the pools of the impala’s headlights. Dean scrambles back until he’s resting on the car, eyes wide with unguarded fear and shame, blood dripping from his upper lip and down his chin. Slowly, he raises a trembling hand to his mouth, wincing as his fingers feel out the damage, smearing blood over his mouth and cheeks. He looks, suddenly, much younger than before.
Beside him, Dean stiffened. “I try not to.”
Cas was nonplussed. “How did you...?”
bed. Me n’Sam might be awhile.”
was the one who begged
“Dean,” he breathes, before he can stop himself.
“Thanks,” Dean murmured, still looking at Sam. “Hey, Charlie?”
“I can heal the scar.”
He barely remembered getting home from the dance. He must have made some excuse to Dad and climbed into bed, because that was where he’d found himself.  His life had been replaying behind his eyes. Wasn’t that only supposed to happen when you died? He guessed a part of him had died.
“No,” he hoped the panic in his voice would be interpreted as pain. “Why Dad, am I doing something wrong?”
“You have any family that might be, um, sympathetic?” Dean asked eventually.
“No problem Sammy.” The shallow words conveyed nothing of the understanding that passed between them. But they were Winchesters, so it would have to do. “So,” Dean smiled crookedly, “you go first.”
“I’m not
have at least.”
“Mom died, and I had no one. Eventually I met my husband.” She laughed hollowly. “He needed a cook: I needed noise in the house. I thought if I pretended I was happy, that I was normal, eventually we would be. I don’t think we’ve spoken five words to each other in the past ten years.” She clasped Dean’s hand in hers. “I won’t let you make the same mistakes Dean. Sam’ll survive, you won’t.”
Dean watches him go, rubbing his arm. Only once John has disappeared from sight (and existence) does Dean seem to see them – though his only acknowledgement is a quick jerk of his head.
“Shit,” Dean swears. “That’s a lot Cas. How the fuck can I talk to Sam like this? Will I be like this forever?”
“You can’t rush good Television,” Alistair chides him gently, absently pulling at one of his finger nails: dragging it slowly from its bed. “Not without messing up the pacing. Now,” he smiles slyly, “if you were allow me to…improvise, to go off script, so to speak, I could break you in seconds.”
Dean’s mouth quirks up at that, and he even looks as if he’s considering her suggestion, but then the phone starts up again – its harsh ringtone shattering the gentle atmosphere – and face tightens with worry once more.
“I just wanna make sure we aren’t gonna cause Dean actual, y’know, brain damage by stomping through his synapses.”
“What are you talking about Sam?”
“But why Dad? And why are you sitting outside his room? Why can’t I go in?”
this took forever. I wanted to try a different format for Dean's memories. I'm not happy with how it turned out really, but you never know until you try.
“Yes.” Sam said firmly as Dean pulled up, “I know it.”
“There is this dance on Thursday though,” He said, watching his father’s eyes carefully. “There’s this, uh, girl – Anna. I’m going with her. If she says yes.” He tried to emulate the embarrassed pride he’d heard in Sam’s voice, as if he really was interested in Anna in that way. He was rewarded by John’s wide smile.
Sam reached over to knock, placing himself between Dean and the door. It all felt so wrong, to be hiding behind his little brother’s back outside his father’s house. They didn’t have to wait long. “Sammy?” The confused voice sent an involuntary shiver down Dean’s spine. “What’re you doin’ here son?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why haven’t you ever told me?” Sam asks, as gently as he can (which isn’t all that gentle to Cas’ ears).
The car was parked on the edge of town, the road equally dusty and worn as it had been all those years before, leaving a beige shroud on the Impala’s body. Nobody, it seemed, had bothered to have it paved and why would they? Why would you bother to pave the road that lead to the end of the world.
“It’s worse.”
“Not really: but it’s easy to miss in the dark – I’ll let you know when we’re close.”
A large circle of well wishers had clustered at the base of the podium yet they parted for him, their faces a mixture of sympathy and curiosity. His father stood at the centre, arm around John Winchester. He cast about for Sam but couldn’t see the youngest Winchester in the crowd.
“Maybe you didn’t mean to lock it,” Cas suggests, frowning in thought. “It could be an involuntary subconscious response – a way to protect yourself from the memories.”
“I, uh, I didn’t know you liked men…”
Dean jumped, ready to tear into whoever it was, when the site of blue eyes stopped him short.
For a disconcerting second, Dean was 16 again, staring into the face of Jimmy Novak. But Novak’s eyes had never been blue, had never been filled with such unrelenting, unending, unconditional love.
“You were so goddamn hopeful,” Dean murmured. “I didn’t want you to have to face him alone.”
Dean seems unable to reply – but the beating of his heart picks up again, so fast that Sam would be worried in any other circumstance. Now it barely even registers.
By this point they’ve reached the motel which is, of course, lined with doors. One of the doors, the one Dean is leading them to, has a date instead of a room number: 02
But Dean waves away their pain with a casual hand. “I’m not sayin you two haven’t suffered, I’m just sayin’, there’s an imbalance of suffering. And that’s just what’s canon.”
“Then fucking act like it!” Dean explodes. “You wanna keep Sam safe then
” Jim hurled the last word at him like a stone; Castiel flinched under its weight. “After everything I’ve done and said, after I extended my forgiveness and took you back: after I gave you a chance at redemption, this is how you repay me? This is how you repay your loving father?”
