A few weeks later...
"Sherlock Holmes, who is this?" after a brief pause, Sherlock continued "We'll be there in 20 minutes", and he hung up. "I'm guessing it was Lestrade calling for a case" said John. "You guessed right. A boy has been found dead in the swimming pool, but Lestrade believes that it could be a murder, so we need to go there and help".
"Who cares" said softly the detective.
"Uhm, well, yeah, that's it... See you soon... mate" and with that being said, he left. 'Mate? What on Earth was I thinking?' said John to himself laughing a little bit.
After several hours, the detective stood up, went to the window and started playing on his violin. Not much after, his phone received a notification. It was Lestrade, again, asking him help with another case. Sherlock stared at the message for a short while, but he decided not to reply. He put his phone in his pocket, lifted the violin and began to play the same tune again.
Sherlock sighed heavily. Now John would never want to talk to him again and he may even find a new flat mate... No. He couldn't start spiraling like that.
"My apologies for being late, I was in a meeting", he said
This went on for several minutes, that seemed hours to the doctor, until Lestrade called them for a new case.
"Okay then" said John turning around to leave the room and go back to sleep.
It was a bit dark because it was getting a little late. John sat on his armchair and his stomach twisted at the sight of Sherlock's empty chair in front of him.
John was very confused.
They were taking a walk through the University when Mike asked John where he was living to which John replied "I am in a small apartment but since I have no job at the moment, I don't think I can live there for a very long time". Mike then told John that he maybe could find a flatmate but John frowned and laughed sadly "yeah, maybe, but who'd want me for a flatmate?". Mike didn't say anything, he just smiled.
Both men stayed like that for a while, until the doctor let go, planting a kiss on the detective's cheek and whispering
It didn't take long for the detective's brother to enter in his office
"Oh, don't worry, it's fine" said the doctor with a warm smile.
"I thought it just sort of... happened". Mrs. Hudson laughed at the comment, hugged Sherlock and went back to her apartment.
After explaining to Mrs. Hudson the details of how Molly helped him to fake his death, Sherlock went upstairs to where he used to live with John. Everything was exactly as he left it.
They arrived to Sarah's house and, when she leaned on to kiss John, but he instinctively avoided it, it just didn't feel right, but why? Sarah, instead of being mad or sad, simply smiled and very softly said "John, I know you are gay, and it's fine, really..."
"Yeah, well, be careful what you wish for"
"No, I'm not joking" replied Sherlock very calmly before continuing his explanation "All he wanted was for you to get close enough to the car so he could spring the surprise. But, even though I can't be certain, I think that Charlie must have suffered some sort of seizure. You said he felt unwell, right? He dies there and then."
"As I was saying, future is as important as the present... and... well, Iam not the emotional kind but, I don't see mine without you, John."
The next morning John woke up, showered and prepared himself a nice warm cup of tea.
After a while, Sherlock pulled away and looked at the doctor, who started to laugh, not mockingly but with pleasure. He felt relieved now that they both had confessed their feelings. The detective was smiling as well. He had such a genuine smile plastered on his face; he never thought that he'd be loved.
John's jaw almost hit the floor when he heard that. 'Sherlock? A junkie? No way' he thought to himself. Mycroft kept on talking
Sherlock had been receiving texts from Lestrade telling him that they needed his help, but the detective just ignored them. He didn't feel like solving crimes.
"Did you come here to ask me help with a case or did you just come to spy on me, Gavin?"
On their way to where the crime had been committed, John asked Sherlock what exactly did he do, to which Sherlock replied "I'm a consulting detective, only one in the world, I invented the job" John was surprised, he had never heard of such thing and asked "What does that exactly mean?". The consulting detective  smiled and said " It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me." John chuckled and said "Yeah, but police don't consult amateurs." Sherlock simply said "Well, when I asked you yesterday if it was Afghanistan or Iraq, you seemed quite surprised" "I was, how could you possibly know?". Then Sherlock inhaled, looked at John and explained how he managed to deduce him. "That was  amazing" genuinely said the army doctor, looking now at a very confused and unsure Sherlock "Do you really think so?" "Yes, that was extraordinary; it was quite extraordinary" replied John with a warm smile directed to Sherlock who still couldn't believe what he was hearing "People don't usually say that..." "And what do they usually say?" inquired, curious, John "Piss off you freak!" said Sherlock smiling a bit sadly.
After that, the doctor started looking everywhere, trying to find any stash that Sherlock could be hiding. He started there, in the living room; he had to be very quiet and cautious in order not to wake Sherlock up. John spent two hours looking in every corner and he found nothing there. He proceeded to look in the kitchen, even in the bathroom, but still he found nothing. Then there was only one place left to look: Sherlock's room. John felt very guilty; going into his flat mate's room... It was invading his privacy, but after all, he was doing it for Sherlock's sake.
"However, the boy cleaned them recently, so he must have liked these a lot."
"I'm so sorry, John" he said with his voice breaking. He really was sorry and even though he hoped not, deep down he had known all the time that this was exactly how John would react. And Sherlock couldn't blame him.
"Well... cigarettes were his alternative to..." he inhaled deeply before continuing "drugs".
"But I have been feeling a bit nostalgic lately, so I think a visit will be good, to revive memories and all... Also, I should see Mrs. Hudson, since I didn't keep contact with her after... Well, after you died" he was trying to hold back his tears before continuing
Neil couldn't stop crying while talking about his best friend, and the way he talked about Jane and how his eyes sparkled a little when he mentioned his best friend, made both, detective and doctor, assume that he was Jane's boyfriend. That's when Sherlock asked him
John, after a while, started getting ready for his date with Sarah. He was very nervous because, lately, his dates weren't ending very well because, even though John could feel attracted to his date, it didn't feel right... Once he was ready, he leaves the apartment with a grumpy Sherlock in it.
"Let me get to the interesting part!" said Lestrade, clearly lacking of patience
"what?! I'm not gay! I like women! Why does everybody assume that I am gay?!" John replied loudly. Sarah, again, smiled a little and said "I know you and Sherlock are going to be very happy together..."
John tossed and turned on his bed that night. After almost two years he was going to visit their old flat, where Sherlock and him used to live together. The doctor was not sure if going back there was a good idea but he really felt that it would make him feel a little closer to Sherlock again, and that was all it mattered.
Grinning and with a huge smile plastered on his face, John arrived to 221B and, as soon as he entered into the flat, Sherlock, who had been working very hard on a case, told him "I need to get some air, we're going out tonight"
“It’s okay” replied Molly, now looking to the floor, clearly nervous.
CHAPTER 3
Meanwhile, in the kitchen, their land lady looked at John pointedly to make him realize that Sherlock didn't even touch his breakfast. John hummed resignedly and asked the woman, in a low voice so that Sherlock wouldn't be able to hear them
On his way home, the doctor found himself buying coffee on the same exact stand where 7 years ago he bumped into Mike Stamford, the man who introduced him to Sherlock. As soon as he realized it, he started feeling dizzy and sick; all the memories were coming back to him, he felt overwhelmed, so he started walking to his new home, tears rolling down his cheeks, while thinking 'Why? Why did he have to do it?'. It was still very hard for him to process that Sherlock Holmes, his best friend, was dead; everything was so different and dull now that he wasn't there... A few days after Sherlock's death, John had wished at the taller man's grave for a miracle: for him to stop being dead. He knew it was impossible, but still, he wished with all his strength that it could be true.
Now, the detective was hidden near his grave, in a place where he couldn't be seen but that allowed him to hear John when he talked to him. He was sitting there, listening to the doctor talk about his day, when suddenly he said that he was ready to visit 221B for the first time in almost two years... 'This is my chance' he thought to himself 'My chance to tell him that I am alive" and as soon as John left, Sherlock ran to Mycroft's office. It wasn't very decorated nor big; it was quite simple. It had one chair below a huge window with gorgeous views to the splendid garden outside. There were also a couple of wooden book shelves, one tiny shelf on the wall in front of the window and another one, much bigger, full of books, at the end of the small room and in front of it, there was Mycroft's desk, very organised; there were two small lamps on it, two phones and a rather big pile of papers.
John looked at Sherlock again and he noticed that he looked very relaxed; he looked very soft and warm. The doctor tried to stop himself but he couldn't. His fingers found their way to the detective's cheekbones, god, those cheekbones. Sherlock didn't seem bothered by Jon's touch, so the doctor continued exploring his face.
The doctor, still sitting on his armchair, decided to get dressed and go out for a walk to clear his mind. He still couldn't believe that he had been staring at Sherlock and blushing. 'Oh, good heavens, I do like him...' started thinking John, while walking 'How did that happen? I have never in my life been attracted to a man... '. The doctor kept thinking about his feelings for his flat mate until it started raining and he decided to go back to the flat.
John felt really sad too. He couldn't stand the thought of liking Sherlock so much and not being able to tell him due to his poltroonery. He had a heavy heart at that moment. He was also very worried about his best friend; he knew that something was wrong with him, even if he denied it. But Watson couldn't tell what was it that was concerning his friend so much and he felt bad about himself for not being able to help Sherlock...
THIS CHAPTER IS VERY VERY VERY SIMILAR TO THE FIRST EPISODE OF THE BBC SERIES "SHERLOCK" BECAUSE I WANTED THEM TO MEET EXACTLY AS THEY DO IN THE SERIES.
"Yea, the son who was in the Alps. DNA tests match perfectly" he paused briefly and sad again "Night of the party, the car is empty and a week later they find the boy dead at the wheel!"
"Yes. The trick was meant to be a surprise"
"I know what happened to your son" said all of the sudden the detective, making everyone's jaw to almost drop to the floor
CHAPTER 6
"I don't know" she simply replied. John sighed in frustration.
John pulled himself into the detective's lap and started kissing his face, softly; he planted a kiss on his forehead, on his cheekbones, his nose, and so on. His breathing became raggedy and one of his hands moved on to John's hip.
"If you told Sherlock that... Well, that you love him"
Suddenly, Sherlock sits back, eyes glittering with triumph. "Clever, very clever", he said.
"As you said, Holden loved these. He scrubbed them clean, whitened them where the color started to disappear and changed the laces three... no, four times. Even so, there are traces of flaky skin where his fingers have come in contact with them, so he suffered from eczema. The trainers are well worn but much more so on the inner side. Which means that Holden had weak arches."
CHAPTEER 1
THE END
The doctor softly placed his hands on the detective's face and said
Quite a while after John had gotten back to his new flat, found Sherlock with the woman's suitcase that he had found in a rubbish container, both men met with the murderer (through the victim's phone found in the suitcase) and went to have dinner at a restaurant called "Angelo's", so that they could see the murderer when he arrived.
"You know what... Just... forget it, okay?"
Once John was in his room, he laid on his bed and started crying his eyes out. It hurt him so much to see Sherlock like that, pushing everyone around him away and not being aware of it. He cried until he fell asleep.
"Yes." Simply replied the detective, still laying on the couch.
Not much after, he arrived at Mycroft's office. It wasn't very big nor very decorated. It had one chair below a big window with amazing views. There were also some wooden book shelves, one tiny shelf in front of the window and another one, much bigger, full of books, at the end of the room and in front of it, there was a very organized desk; there was a small lamp on it, two phones and a pile of papers.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Moriarty slipped up, he made a mistake. Because the one person he thought didn’t matter at all to me was the one person who mattered most. You made it all possible, and for that, I thank you. Good night, Molly” said the detective on his way to the door, leaving a very confused and blushed Molly behind.
He paused briefly, looking all the time straight into John's eyes, that now were starting to get full of tears. Sherlock continued his little speech
Once John had his breakfast prepared, he sat on his armchair trying to read the newspaper but he couldn't focus. He was still thinking about how much he liked Sherlock and how much it hurt him that he would never be able to tell him due to his fear of rejection. Seeing Sherlock in that state, so dejected, did nothing but make John feel sadder. His heart sunk a little when he looked up at where his flat mate was standing; he looked extremely tired, probably for not having slept last night; he hadn't even changed his clothes. But what was bothering Sherlock so much? John felt helpless... He couldn't stand seeing the man he liked so much suffer that way while knowing that he couldn't do anything about it.
John started telling him that he had visited Molly that day and that they have become really close since his suicide and, after a while, he couldn't help it but to start crying. It was all too much, he couldn't do that anymore, so he told Sherlock that he wouldn't visit him anymore, because it was too painful; it was too painful to talk to him and not have an answer, it was too painful not to hear his voice nor his laugh, not to see him... It was just too much pain to handle and John felt like he couldn't take it anymore because every time he went there to talk to the detective, he ended up crying uncontrollably; he wasn't even talking to Sherlock, just to his grave, he needed to move on and get over his best friend's death, as difficult as it could be, he had to learn to live with the pain.
CHAPTER 7
Days passed and the two men were not getting any new interesting cases; John was fine with it because that meant that he could totally focus on his job as a doctor, but Sherlock wasn't taking it so well... He used to smoke ass another alternative to drugs but, after a few weeks, the doctor told him to quit, since it was not good for his health. Sherlock quitted smoking and he had been doing quite good, until one morning, when John was sitting on his armchair while reading a nice book and enjoying a cup of tea, the consulting detective emerged from his room with his pyjamas on and his blue robe, all of the sudden, and started screaming
"The figurine is routinely repositioned after the cleaner has been here, the picture is straightened every day, yet this ugly gap remains." The detective paused shortly and kept on talking
Sherlock was bent onto his microscope with two cold tea cups next to him. Mrs. Hudson entered in the kitchen with a trade with a new hot cup of tea "Don't know why I even bother", she said, mostly to herself, when John came into the room as well. "john! Thank God you are here!", said the woman "he hasn't moved from there since this morning!" she said exasperated.
“Sherlock, you can't stare people awake, that's...really weird,” John said through a huff of laughter.
“Yes, well, if I asked permission I’d never be allowed in.”
John yelped. “Fuck that’s good! Right there Sherlock, right there!”
Sherlock glared.
Lestrade sat in the armchair. “Still, I
“No,” she said quietly. “There’s no one left.”
John got up and went to him. He stood next to Sherlock and rubbed a hand gently up and down the taller man’s back. “Steady Sherlock. Remember you’re safe here.”
John knocked on Lio’s door just after lunch time. He leaned on the frame as she opened it. She squinted at him in confusion. “John?”
“I’m close.”
Sherlock surprised John by placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. Judging by the way Lio suddenly froze, she was just as shocked. “You can build a new team. You’ll be our commanding officer, and Captain Watson will be your second in command.” He turned to John. “If that’s okay with you.”
“It was the house.”
She heard the knock in stereo, one through the phone and one on the actual door. She jerked it open. “You could have just started with the knock.”
They entered and observed the body in the living room of the home, sprawled on the couch. There was no obvious blood or wounds on the body, a well-dressed man in his late forties. Sherlock got to work as Lestrade went over the details.
“Most people appreciate an apology to their face,” John said softly.
“Both.”
John nodded and pulled the piece of clothing off as if it offended him. Sherlock fingered the top button of the shirt underneath. “Can I? I'd like to...see you.” John nodded again as Sherlock began undoing buttons. John reached for Sherlock's shirt and began doing the same, the uncertainty of “other things” melting away under Sherlock's fingers.
“You haven’t forgotten my voice, have you?”
Sherlock's phone buzzed on the counter and all three of them jumped. “I don't think he's going to let me go; you wanna see who that is?”
He narrowed his eyes at John. “Am I?” He broke away and stalked over to Lio, who involuntarily shrank back a little as Sherlock leaned into her space. “What are you doing here?”
“Name's Jason Reynolds. Worked at the local bank as a personal finance consultant. Helped folks get mortgages, car loans, that type of thing. Boss said he was well liked, came in, did his work, had a few regular clients but no one that caused trouble. Wasn't feuding with any of the other employees either. We're running a background check to make sure no one's hiding anything.”
Sherlock bit back another scoff. “Mycroft knows too.”
Lestrade shook his head. “No, nothing like that. Seemed like he was a pretty healthy guy. Only thing in his medicine cabinet was paracetamol and some plasters. Man didn't even have any prescriptions.”
“You do an admirable job with me already. You help me without realizing you're doing it. You keep me grounded in reality when I feel like things are going out of control, like last night. You can talk to me. About anything. I want you to. Anytime you need to talk through what you’re feeling, no matter how inconsequential it may seem, come to me.”
Lio made a disgusted face. “Ugh, I forgot you were the one that was addicted to that. Just because you’re Russian doesn’t mean you have to like it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was roughly pulled from his peaceful slumber by hands jerking him upright and forcing him into a seated position on a metal chair. He groggily tried to fight back, but an injection into his arm stopped his struggling.
“You have a new drug in the area or someone is killing people using the drugs.”
Sherlock pointed. “His foot. It's slightly bent. It's not resting on the floor.”
Sergei chuckled. “You ever hear of ‘room service,’ Lio? It’s already waiting upstairs.”
Sherlock shuffled the autopsy notes. “Time of death was about 3am. Not too many people around then. His body was found fifty feet down the track meaning something or someone was preventing him from getting back onto the platform.”
“John?”
“Ta,” he said, but didn't take them. He slowly slid his shirt off his left arm, taking care not to jostle it too much. His brows furrowed in concentration as he tried to figure out the easiest way to go about putting a shirt back on.
“Mmhmm. What time is it anyway, why are we awake?”
“Liolya! I just got your email; you better have a good explanation for sending me this at nineteen hundred hours on a weekend.”
“Like they hurt me. I'll kill them if they do that to him.”
They picked up some takeout for dinner on the way home. They ate in silence for a few minutes before Sherlock broke it by asking, “Are you all right?” after catching John rolling his neck and shoulders for the third time since they sat down.
“Greedy.”
John returned from therapy as he often did, sore and grumpy, but his demeanor brightened when he saw the dinner Sherlock prepared: a roast crusted with rosemary and thyme, and red potatoes with butter, olive oil and the same herbs. John tucked into the meal with gusto, asking “What prompted this?” around a potato.
Sherlock stood and started pacing, gesticulating with his hands as he spoke. “I shouldn't! All those...feelings...just get...tangled up inside, and I...don't know what to do with them! They’re useless! I need facts, data! Empirical evidence! Primary sources! Not feelings!” he spat, as if even speaking the word made him somehow inferior.
The coffee finished brewing, and Lio poured a cup for John, adding a splash of vodka before bringing it to him. He simply held it for a moment, letting it warm his hands. “I’ve never seen him like that. At first he thought I was in trouble, being held with him. Once I convinced him otherwise, he kept begging me to leave him behind. He said he was damaged and couldn’t think straight anymore. He kept seeing Moriarty. I told him he’d been dead for a while, and he pointed behind me and said ‘he’s right there.’ Scared the shit out of me. At some point, I think he understood that what he was seeing wasn’t real, but he still wanted me to go. He didn’t want me to see him like that.” He gulped at the spiked coffee.
I'd like to apologize in advance for the small section of me attempting to write a street kid's accent. No apologies for the solo Sherlock, though. Chapter title from "Lament" off One by Tesseract
"No."
Both men decided to go to a Chinese restaurant and, at first, there was a little bit of tension between them two, but after a while they started talking and everything went back to the usual.
Both men headed then to the kitchen to have some breakfast. John prepared some eggs and toast while Sherlock was struggling with the coffee machine.
"Get me some!" insisted the detective nervously.
"I love you"
John started to walk away from the cementery for what he thought it would be the last time, tears flushing down his cheeks.
Two days after, the two men were still working on the case. Sherlock couldn't still figure out how those trainers could be related to Holden's murder, he knew they were the key to solve it but, how?
"The boy suffered from eczema. It would be the easiest thing in the world to introduce the poison into his medication. A few hours later, he went swimming, the poison took effect, paralyzed Holden's muscles and he drowned" explained Sherlock.
"Because..." he took a deep breath "It's only through these hallucinations that I get to see him again..." John would answer. The therapist would just look at him sadly and proceed to take some notes. And that is how usually their sessions would go.
Sherlock told John to wait for him there in the flat, since he struggled so much while moving, but all of the sudden he frowned and asked John "So army doctor, huh?" to what John replied "Yes..." "You must have seen a lot of injuries, and violent deaths" said the detective smirking "Yeah. For too much" replied John quite unsure of what was going on. "wanna see some more?" Sherlock asked. "Oh god yes" and both men left the flat, hailed a cab and headed to the crime scene.
He felt like he was doing something bad... Like he was betraying Sherlock... 'I am not betraying him' thought to himself the doctor 'I am trying to help him'. Once he was done, he went backstairs and told Sherlock
The doctor was now staring at Sherlock again. Not staring, observing... He could see that the light hit the detective's face just on the right angle to make him look more relaxed than a few minutes ago. John's eyes moved to Sherlock's lips. The corners were usually straight or turned slightly down, but at that moment, they were a little turned up. His eyes glittered with so many emotions, yet he was so still, distant, as if he couldn't react to what had happened.
After a while of listening to Sherlock's violin, John decided to go for a walk.
The doctor smiled and blushed
"Would you mind dancing with me?"
"Oh my god, Sherlock, are you blushing?!", he said laughing, causing the detective's cheeks to go even redder
"Composing?" asked John.
"Sherlock, you know that we cannot do that yet. It could be dangerous; we have to make sure first that there are no more Moriarty's workers free..."
Sherlock breathed relieved and hugged John. After a while, he puts the ring on the doctor's finger, and both men hugged again for a longer time now. Still in each other's arms, they started to slow-dance listening to the sound of the rain outside.
Lestrade looked at John, clearly confused, and John looked back at him and just shrugged his shoulders. Both men, decided to see where the consulting detective was going.
"Morning Sherlock!" she said with a warm smile
A week later, John had already started working in a hospital where he met this gorgeous woman: Sarah. The doctor, after a few days working there, couldn't resist it anymore and asked Sarah on a date, to which she happily accepted.
The two men arrived at a quite big house and they found Lestrade waiting for them at the door.
Both men sat down on a bench at a park and started catching up. "So John, tell me, what have you been up to these last years?" John's face saddened a little when he heard that question: all the memories were coming back to him now. "I have been in Afghanistan, in war" Mike looked at him without knowing what to say, but John kept on talking "I decided it was time for me to go back home when I got shot" said. "oh wow, I had no idea, I'm so sorry John..." Mike replied quietly. "Oh no, don't worry, besides the limp, I'm fine now!" said John, with a little smile on his face. Then, after both men had talked about what they had been doing, Mike asked "Hey, do you wanna visit the University? I work there so it wouldn't be a problem to let you in if you want to see it." "Yes! that sound great mate!" answered John excited to see the place where he used to study years ago. 'Will it have changed a lot since I was there?' thought Watson to himself.
This time though, John noticed that something was wrong with Sherlock because, when he was explaining everything that occurred at the crime scene, he wasn't doing it with pride and proving how clever he was, as he usually did, this time the consulting detective just explained the facts, not emphasizing his intelligence and how easy this case had been. Greg didn't seem to notice, but the doctor did. Afterwards, they proceeded to interrogate the suspect, Josh Thompson, and he confessed everything at once.
After a week or so, both men feelings towards each other did nothing but become stronger.
"What exactly are you looking for, Sherlock?" asked John, curious.
John couldn't believe that he was kissing Sherlock Holmes, world's only consulting detective, his flat mate, his best friend... He could feel the butterflies take flight and start to flutter in his stomach. He was happy. It was a gentle kiss, but it lasted.
"Sherlock, we need to talk.
"Eh?" asked the doctor with a confused look on his face.
Sherlock blinked at him for several seconds.
“Perfect. Now go!”
He staggered out into the night, leaving his safe-house for the moment, hoping the cool night air would ease his back. He was hoping for something else, but tried not to think about the consequences or what his brother would think if he knew what the plan was. He wandered a few blocks before coming upon another man in an alley.
“Corelli's Grosso Concerto in D.”
“Send it to me.” She nodded in their general direction. “I’ll keep you posted,” she left, slamming the door on her way out.
“Sergei...” she whined low in warning.
It was another two weeks before they were able to put their communication resolution to the test. John came home from therapy much more upbeat than usual, and Sherlock detected a different sound to his gait on the stairs. John entered the flat with a flourish of his hands, his right empty of the cane but the left still closely held next to his body due to the shoulder brace.
“Well, I'll leave you two to get settled. Let me know if you need anything dearies,” she said happily and went back to her flat.
, are you?”
John laughed at the rare expletive. “Yeah. Let's go to bed.” At Sherlock’s surprised look, John held his hands out. “To sleep. I'm not that young anymore. I don't think I have another one in me.”
“Mycroft get out. You're ruining breakfast.”
John started reading through their activities. “Parliamentary privilege committee, Human Rights Committee, oh here's a fun one 'Televising of the Proceedings of the House.' Do we really need a whole committee on that? No wonder we have 800 Lords.”
“Listen, you want breakfast with me or not? Otherwise I’m gonna head out. I’m starving.”
John closed the distance between them, pulled Sherlock's head down, and kissed him. It started off as timid as their first two since Sherlock was taken a bit by surprise, but as John's left hand drifted from the back of his head to the back of his neck, Sherlock deepened the kiss. Not knowing what else to do with his hands, he settled them on the hem of John's jumper. Sherlock made a noise in his throat as John's thumb made slow circles where his right hand was resting on his hip.
“Stay. Please.”
John's eyes widened. His hips started moving almost of their own accord. He grabbed Sherlock's knees for leverage as he rocked into him.
Not knowing where Sherlock was going with this, but humoring him, John picked up the photo. He realized this was “Lio’s file,” the one Mycroft put together for Sherlock. “That’s Sergei, though he looks different now, older and with more facial hair. Sherlock?”
“It’s a common occurrence to become incontinent during a seizure. It’s nothing unexpected,” Sherlock said.
They both lay there for a few moments before Sherlock started to writhe a bit against the bed. John's head popped up. “Shit. We'll have to strip the sheets. Can you get up?”
Sherlock bit his lip to keep from laughing.
“Finally free of that bloody boot!” he exclaimed happily. “They still want me to take it easy, so no chasing after criminals across rooftops, but I can go back out again!”
Sherlock grinned back. “I told Mrs Hudson to take a few more days with her niece. With Mycroft’s people doing work on 221C, it makes more sense for her to extend her holiday.”
She nodded. “Mother died having me. Father raised me alone.”
Sherlock tapped his finger under his nose. John was due home within the next two hours; if Sherlock got held up at Bart's researching, he could always text and have John meet him there. They could grab dinner on the way home.
“I owe him, as he repeatedly reminds me,” Sherlock replied venomously, around what John assumed was a toothbrush.
“I don't deserve you.”
For his part, all of John's thought processes had screeched to a complete halt before slowly, ploddingly coming back online again. Sherlock had kissed him. Sherlock was watching him for some sort of reaction. Sherlock was slowly withdrawing the longer he didn't give one. John gave himself a mental shake and re-focused on Sherlock's eyes. His pupils were slightly dilated. Sherlock's words to The Woman came back to him: “I took your pulse.” John slid his hand from where it was still resting on Sherlock's knee and gently wrapped his fingers around the other man's wrist. Sherlock glanced down briefly, then met John's eyes again. He let go.
“That's what they told you. If I’m able to interview them, I’ll be able to see body language, hear tone of voice, catch someone in a lie when they change their story.”
It took longer than she was hoping, but she found it in his pants, which somehow ended up under the bed. Taking both phones, her headphones and a USB cable, she went to the bathroom and locked the door. She fumbled with the cable for a few minutes, struggling with the unfamiliar phone. Worst case scenario, she’d take the whole damn thing, but Lio wanted as much of a buffer as she could get before Sergei realized something was wrong. Finally able to connect the phones, she listened to the prompts to transfer data from one to the other. She had to whisper her responses, which caused a few problems, but she got the download started.
it! How could I have
John raised an eyebrow and cocked his head. “Why you walked out on the case.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “It's just me here, Lestrade. John's back to doing locum work a few days a week.”
Sherlock set Sergei’s gun on the kitchen table and looked at the bullet hole in the counter-top, where it was still lodged. It had miraculously gone between both men and been stopped from causing further damage by the sturdy material.
“Lio, no. That’s way too dangerous. You know that he hasn’t been giving you accurate info. Why risk it?”
Sherlock pushed up and braced himself with his hands on the back of John’s thighs. John gripped his own cock in one hand and tugged hard and fast, rolling his balls with the other. Sweat dripped from Sherlock’s nose as it flowed in rivulets from his forehead.
Lio put a hand on his arm just as he opened the door. “I wouldn't. They're, um, busy.”
John watched Lio’s face: the slight narrowing of her eyes and the clenching of her jaw; her brows pulled together, her bottom lip pushed up a bit as the corners dropped. God, it was almost like looking at himself from before he met Sherlock. He cursed himself internally for not seeing it sooner. She hid so much under the sarcastic, biting humor and the physical disabilities that he didn’t consider her emotional state. There would definitely be changes when she came home.
“It’s good?” Sherlock asked with a knowing smirk. His finger continued prodding.
Lio shrugged. “Well, too late now.” The computer beeped, indicating the download was finished. “Okay, let’s see what you’ve been hiding, Sergei.” She sat at the computer and used the arrow keys to find the newly downloaded file and open it. There were dozens of emails between Sergei and Golov, as well as a handful of text message threads that Sergei deemed important enough to save. Golov used a personal email address, more evidence that whatever they were doing was not official. She went down the email list, trying to find something from the Volgograd time period, and found a message from Sergei to Golov stating that they had a test subject.
John looked at the others. “That's it. Anyone involved in that committee--”
“He had to have been killed somewhere else,” John said, looking around.
Sherlock woke up before John on the fifth day of his captivity, took a very thorough shower, and climbed back into bed with John. He lay there for awhile, trying not to wake John, but it was becoming increasingly difficult not to touch. John was on his right side, back to Sherlock, so he started with small quick kisses on the back of his neck and shoulders and snaking one hand around to run it up and down John's chest and stomach.
“He was in Volgograd,” Sherlock said quietly. He’d been oddly subdued all night, even when he admitted to following her earlier. There was also an edge to his voice that Lio didn’t think John and Mycroft were hearing.
“Good choice. Get on the bed. On your stomach, arms at your sides.”
“Yes, well, I’ve been stymied by bureaucratic red tape at every turn.”
“Well. Now we know how to go about it for next time. Thank you Sherlock. You should get some rest too, you need it as much as I do.”
“I'll call if I need anything. And Lio and Mrs Hudson are downstairs in an emergency. Go Sherlock!” John made a shooing motion with his hand.
The man stopped next to Lio, who jerked her head in his direction, then paused for a moment before leaping to her feet and throwing her arms around the man.
He crawled over her, hands on either side of her shoulders and knees straddling her thighs. “I just don’t want to hurt you.”
“Just making sure you know what you're doing, little brother.”
“Sherlock, the bed's full of...semen. Get up for a minute so I can get rid of the sheets. I'll get a flannel to wash up with too, since I don't think either of us are going to remain conscious long enough for a shower.”
“Yes, well.” John looked at his watch. It was still far too early to go to bed, but he didn’t feel up to any other activities tonight. Perhaps he could convince Sherlock to watch Lord of the Rings.
one guess at where the chapter title's from.
“Um, John, um, I...”
“Sherlock, I'm fine. You need to get out for a while. It'll do us both some good. Go solve a case, get back into it again.”
The detective ignored the question and opened a locker where he found Holden's bag, clothes and phone.
To his surprise, Sherlock wasn't awake yet. His heart sunk a little when he noticed the absence of his flat mate. 'What on Earth is wrong with me?' thought to himself the doctor. Not long after John had sat in his armchair and grabbed his laptop to write on his blog the recent case Sherlock had solved, the detective came out of his room, already dressed with his button up shirt and slacks. The shirt, was his purple shirt, the one that was a little too tight around his chest. It seemed that he had brushed his dark curly hair, or at least attempted to. John couldn't help it but stare at Sherlock. He looked handsome. The doctor could feel a slight brush spreading over his cheeks; he started "reading" the newspaper so his flat mate couldn't see his face blushing. "Where are you going, Sherlock" asked, curious and clearly nervous, John.
"I suppose that we are now in a romantic entanglement, yes"
John swore that he could see sadness in the detective's eyes but he wasn't sure so he let it go. But Sherlock was hurt. Even if he said he didn't, he did have feelings and now those were hurt. With all the courage he could get, he said
Sherlock ignored the question and John kept on looking at the empty cupboards to find something to eat. Then, he opened the fridge, saw a head in there and suddenly closed the door "Oh!" exclaimed John, opening the fridge again to see that he was not hallucinating. No, he wasn't. There was a head in their fridge.
The doctor sat on his armchair thinking about what he was going to tell Sherlock. A few minutes later, the detective opened his eyes and John said
When they broke the kiss to breathe, the detective had a confused look on his face
When he was about to arrive home, John, once again, swore that he saw Sherlock standing in the corner of his street; it was late so he could just see the silhouette but it was undeniably hissilhouette. 'No. It can't be him. He is dead. This is just my imagination', he convinced himself, eyes shut and hands on his head. When he looked up again, the silhouette was gone.
"Then why did you let go off my hand once we were visible to people, John?!"
"Sorry" said the doctor a bit embarrassed. The detective started talking again
They found him looking inside a trash can. He kept on looking in it for a while until he got out exclaiming "Found them!"
John stood there for a while before he started talking, looking at the name written on the black, cold stone. 'Sherlock Holmes' it said. John still couldn't believe that his best friend was dead and as annoying as Sherlock could be, John missed him and his madness so much. He missed their little adventures... everything.
"What took you guys so long?" said the detective inspector a little bit pissed because of the fact that he had had to wait for so long. Then he shook his head and continued talking, now telling them facts about the victim
John's mouth hung open and his eyes started to burn, causing tears to flush his face. He couldn't believe his eyes. Once he steadied himself a bit he said
"My brother, has the brain of a scientist or a philosopher, yet he chooses to be a detective. What might we deduce about his heart?"
A week had passed and the situation didn't improve: Sherlock was still moping around and bogged in bitterness and resentment. John was desperate, he didn't know what to do. It hurt him real bad to see his best friend and man he loved to be in such pain and not being able to help.
The doctor could hear his flat mate playing the violin downstairs, He always enjoyed it when Sherlock played violin. It wasn't only the pieces he played that John enjoyed, it was also the elegance and class of his hands movements on the violin, the passion and sentiment his pieces transmitted; it's almost as if those musical compositions were talking to him, telling him how Sherlock was feeling.
"Yes" but Sherlock interrupted them and simply said
"Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, these are Mr. Sherlock Holmes and Mr. john Watson"
'Couldn't I just stay quiet?' thought the doctor to himself while grabbing his jacket to go out for a walk. Sherlock wanted to move, to talk, to tell John that he loved him too, but it seemed that his body and his mind were not willing to coordinate. It wasn't until John was about to leave that the consulting detective managed to finally say
"So it has always been you who brought tea every morning?"
"I love you too, John"
"There's nothing to talk about. I am totally fine"
Mrs. Hudson looked at him with a strange look on her face, smirking a little, as if she was insinuating something.
"Just a tea for me, thanks" plainly said Sherlock. John, going back to the living room, started asking anxiously to the detective
"Remember the shoe laces?" asked the detective, not being able to contain his emotion.
On his way back home, he couldn't take off his mind what Sarah told him. 'I am not gay. Am I? I mean, yes, Sherlock is a very attractive man with his beautiful eyes, and his cheekbones and those dark curls falling on his smooth forehead skin, but... Oh my god. Do I really like Sherlock? Well, it doesn't really matter if I do because there is no way that he is ever going to reciprocate since he doesn't believe in love and such' thought John. He had never been attracted to a man before but it's true that when he was around Sherlock he felt different, and despite the fact of believing that Sherlock could never like him back, John hoped that there was, at least, a small chance that his feelings were reciprocated.
That day John was meeting with Mycroft to see if he could help him in any way, if he could know anyhow what was bothering his little brother.
Sherlock's cheeks turned slightly red and he replied
"Okay. You can go back to Baker Street, Sherlock Holmes"
The doctor tried to fight back his tears, but he failed and they started rolling down his cheeks.
Sherlock didn't sleep much because he knew that John was going to visit the flat and he was afraid of how John would react when he saw that Sherlock wasn't dead.
John arrived to the flat late in the afternoon. He pulled the key out of his pocket and held it in his palm, staring at it. After a few seconds, he inserted the key into the lock of the door, hearing the familiar "click" of the door unlocking. He pushed it  open and went inside. Partway down the hall, John stopped, staring at Mrs. Hudson's door and breathing out an anxious breath. In his head, he starts to hear Sherlock's violin playing. Then, he looked up the stairs as a snippet of an old conversation sounded in his mind "That was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done" "And you invaded Afghanistan!". John smiled sadly as the memory faded out from his mind.
"John... I'm aware that you know that Sherlock smokes-" his sentence was interrupted by john
John was astonished. He stared at Sherlock with admiration and thought to himself 'He looks so attractive when he is making his deductions..."but his thoughts were interrupted by his flat mate telling him "Call Lestrade. Tell him I have solved the case. We are going to Scotland Yard", said Sherlock while putting on his trench coat and his blue scarf. John nodded and, while calling Lestrade and getting out of the flat, the detective had hailed a cab and for once, waited for the doctor to get in.
On their way there, John had told Sherlock to be gentle with Neil, since that was a difficult time for him, so the consulting detective, following his friend's advice, started asking him about simple things like her daily routine, people who were close to her...
"Thank you for your time Mycroft." Said John before leaving.
"It's just... He has been down in the dumps lately. He just plays sad song on his violin, he doesn't eat, he doesn't sleep, he doesn't solve cases..." he made a pause and took a deep breath before continuing "He doesn't even talk to me..." he said looking down at the floor and with sadness in his voice.
At that precise moment, Mrs. Hudson came into the flat and said "Oh! My boys are going on a date!!" "N-No, Mrs. Hudson, we are just going to have dinner we are not-" John was interrupted by their land lady saying "Ah, I am fine with it, there is no need to hide... Anyway, You boys have fun!!" she exclaimed, heading to the kitchen to place the food she had just bought to Sherlock and John.
The date started off right, both sharing anecdotes, childhood memories... When both were done with their dinner, John payed for it and accompanied her home, since she didn't live far from the restaurant. The night was beautiful; the sky full of stars, it was quiet, the moon was shining...
"John Hamish Watson... will you do me the great honor of becoming my husband?" asked Sherlock with a huge smile plastered on his gorgeous face and his eyes glittering with love, something that rarely happened.
"what is it?" asked Watson, getting close to where the slender man was standing.
The doctor took a deep breath and opened the door. He looked at his surroundings. The detective's room wasn't as John expected it to be at all; it was very tidy and it didn't have any decoration, just a small night table. John sighed and started looking under the bed, the closet, the night table's drawers... Nothing. But then he looked under Sherlock's pillow and he found a little box. John's eyes widened and his knees were weakening. He took a deep breath, opened the box and there it was... a needle with some morphine and next to it, a little tube with a bag that contained cocaine. John couldn't believe his eyes.
They cuddled for a little while, and when John looked up at Sherlock, the taller man couldn't resist it but kissing his boyfriend. His lips were so warm and soft, the detective loved the touch of them on his own lips and skin... But their kiss was interrupted by Lestrade storming into the room screaming
John arrived at Baker Street and, to his surprise, when he went into the apartment, he found Sherlock asleep on the couch. He stared at him, smiled sadly and covered him with a blanket so he wouldn't get cold.
"About your nightmares and the way you've been behaving these few weeks."
The detective then went back to throwing all of his stuff on the floor in order to find his cigarettes. After a long while, Sherlock was still looking in every corner of the flat to find some cigarettes but he found none. He sat on his armchair moving nervously on it.
The doctor didn't reply. He just looked at Molly about to deny what she had just said but then it hit him; she was right. He was not only sorrowful about Sherlock's death; he was heartbroken and as much as he had denied it for years, it was true: he was in love with Sherlock Holmes, he had always been, and he unconsciously knew it, but he refused to admit that it was true, why? He didn't know. John was in love with Sherlock but now it was too late because the consulting detective was dead and there was nothing John could do about it... Why couldn't he have realised his love for the detective sooner? Why didn't he say anything when he had the chance? Why? Why did he have to be so afraid to admit his true feelings?
"Oh my god" said both, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, crying desperately.
"Uh, well you see... It's about Sherlock I wanted to talk you about..."
Sherlock saw most of these things. The detective spent the first months after his "death" there, near the doctor, looking after him; but he had to be really careful not to be seen, or his friends' life would be endangered. Only Molly and Mycroft knew that he was alive; she was the one who helped him to fake his suicide, after all.
Both men stood silent, again, looking at each other.
John separated and went to Sherlock's neck, cautiously in order not to leave any marks on his pale soft skin. Before the doctor could go back to his mouth, the detective's lips were on his neck.
"It's okay, John, I'm-" but the detective's sentence got interrupted by John
"An outside eye. Second opinion, it's very useful to me" interrupted Sherlock. John just shrugged, grabbed the shoes and started his deductions
The detective's face changed completely, he was now intrigued and asked
Sherlock, on the other hand, noticed that every time someone assumed that John and him were dating, the army doctor would deny that at the moment, as if he was embarrassed. 'Is John really embarrassed at the thought of being with me?' Sherlock asked to himself. Usually, he didn't really care about what people thought about him, however, he didn't know quite well why but Sherlock cared about what John thought.
“It was my pleasure” she said, smiling nervously
The army doctor pecked around the space between Sherlock's nose and lips, making him smile a little. When he did so, John kissed the corner of his lips and then moved on to his jaw, his neck... He started to lose it and moving his hands to the slender man's neck, he kissed his lips. He felt so good, so right. The detective moved his hands to the doctor's back, pulling him closer until the only thing between them were their clothes.
After a while, Sherlock laid on his bed, and involuntarily, he fell asleep.
They arrived to Scotland Yard and Sherlock explained to Lestrade everything that he'd told John moments earlier. The doctor just looked at his friend, fascinated.
"There's nothing wrong with me, John, I'm fine."
David and his wife Amanda were starting to get a little angry because that had nothing to do with their son but still, Mr. Anderson said
“Those things are going to kill you” Lestrade stood there, shocked, for a few seconds until he said
John could swear that he glimpsed sadness in the detective's eyes for a short second, but Watson just nodded and decided to look out the window. Neither of the two men said anything during the journey until they arrived home, when the doctor, trying to break the ice, asked
Greg was astonished, and so was John; how could he possibly solve crimes so fast? It was a mystery to them. Sometimes John wished that he could be inside the detective's mind to see how it worked because it never ceased to amaze him how smart Sherlock was.
"Sherlock, I love you and I am not embarrassed or ashamed of you okay? I was stupid and I am sorry" said the doctor with a little smile on his face, not looking at the consulting detective because he was afraid that he would be mad. The taller man though, was now smiling too and he hugged John.
"Well, short version: not dead"
"But it was a Skype call, Mr. Holmes" replied David, still not understanding what Sherlock was trying to say
Shooting. Explosions. Screams. Lots of buddies and colleagues on the floor, either bleeding or dead; and then, extreme pain on his shoulder. He had been shoot and he was bleeding quite a lot. He was screaming, begging for someone to help him and his friends, who were now laying on the floor.
"Could you stay for a while?" asked Sherlock in a barely audible voice. John smiled warmly and sat down on the detective's bed until he fell asleep.
The next morning Sherlock and John went to the lab to examine the evidence collected from the crime scene. While examining some of Holden's clothes, the detective and the doctor's hand brushed accidentally. They both looked down to their hands, both trying to hide their smiles, feeling butterflies on their stomachs. Sherlock gazed into John's beautiful green eyes until the doctor cleared his throat and went back to work, with his face burning red.
"Oh come on! I dismantled his network, Mycroft, there is no more danger! Besides" the detective stood up and started pacing around the tiny office "I need to know London again; breathe it in, every quiver of its beating heart, without hiding from anyone anymore."
"Shh shh... Sherlock, I'm here. It's just a nightmare, you are alright, you are alright"
"No!" exclaimed John, a little angry.
Slightly afterwards, he could hear Sherlock playing his violin downstairs. That piece was even more sad than the ones he had been playing until that moment and it did nothing but intensify John's crying. Again, he cried his heart out until he fell asleep.
He kept on staring at the detective while thinking how badly he wanted to lay next to him, but how he lacked the courage to do so. His smile faded a little when he started thinking about how fascinating Sherlock was and how hopelessly boring he was... Suddenly, the consulting detective opened his eyes and saw John staring. 'Has he been watching me sleep?' asked to himself.
John, astonished and shocked, not being able to talk because of all the emotion and excitement, nodded his head energically while smiling wildly, until he was finally able to say
Sherlock's cheeks turned slightly red and his lips curled upwards ever so slightly before he replied
John suddenly woke up all covered in cold sweat and his heart beating faster than usual. Another nightmare from Afghanistan. It had been months since he was shoot and he came back to London, where he was currently seeing a therapist in order to get rid of the nightmares but he still hadn't got over them.
John is sitting on his armchair reading the newspaper and having some tea when Sherlock interrupted him by asking "John, do you want to have dinner?" "Yes, I'm starving" John replied. They went to have dinner at "Angelo's", where, again, both men were mistaken for a couple "We are not dating" said John, sighing. He swore that he saw sadness crossing Sherlock's eyes when he denied to be dating the detective, though he wasn't really sure. Then he noticed that Sherlock never said anything when people thought they were a couple, he just stared at them, but never said anything which was quite odd on Sherlock, seeing that he ALWAYS corrected every single mistake, so why didn't he say anything when people thought they were a couple?
"Well, I am sorry for not being able to help you, John. The only advice I can give you is what I have always told Sherlock: Caring is not an advantage. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a very important meeting that I must attend to." He said while standing up and walking John to the door.
"I don't know" he said.
On their way to where the crime had been committed, John asked Sherlock what exactly did he do, to which Sherlock replied "I'm a consulting detective, only one in the world, I invented the job" John was surprised, he had never heard of such thing and asked "What does that exactly mean?". The consulting detective  smiled and said " It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me." John chuckled and said "Yeah, but police don't consult amateurs." Sherlock simply said "Well, when I asked you yesterday if it was Afghanistan or Iraq, you seemed quite surprised" "I was, how could you possibly know?". Then Sherlock inhaled, looked at John and explained how he managed to deduce him. "That was  amazing" genuinely said the army doctor, looking now at a very confused and unsure Sherlock "Do you really think so?" "Yes, that was extraordinary; it was quite extraordinary" replied John with a warm smile directed to Sherlock who still couldn't believe what he was hearing "People don't usually say that..." "And what do they usually say?" inquired, curious, John "Piss off you freak!" said Sherlock smiling a bit sadly.
"What about that Swedish case?" asked John, in order to find a case for his friend so he would calm down.
Once they had reached the murderer and arrested him, they went back to their flat, gasping from air from all the running they did. Both, consulting detective and army doctor headed to their rooms to get some rest and while getting changed John realized something: he had forgotten his cane at Angelo's restaurant. He got into the sheets and a huge smile covered his face. For the first time in years he felt... alive. And all of it thanks to the great world's only consultant detective Sherlock Holmes.
"Okay, then. Good night Sherlock" said the doctor trying to smile and to hide the tears in his eyes.
While having dinner, Angelo congratulated Sherlock for having found a partner finally but John, nervous and tense, claimed, for the second time today that they were not dating but the man ignored it and brought them some candles to make it more romantic. Then, John felt intrigued and asked Sherlock about his love life "So, erm, do you, eh, have a girlfriend?" he asked "Girlfriend?" replied Sherlock "No, not really my area" he said. John frowned, confused, and then he realized what he meant "Oh, so a boyfriend then? Which is fine, by the way" Sherlock then looked at John straight in the eye, making him feel shivers down his spine "I know it's fine." said the  detective dryly. "Okay, okay... So, do you have a boyfriend then?" insisted the army doctor while licking his lips. Sherlock looked at him again and simply said "No." John then said "Okay. Unattached. Single. Like me..." and all of the sudden Sherlock seemed to realize something, looked John straight in they again and said "John... I think that you should know that I consider myself married to my work, and while I am flattered by your interest, I am not looking for any..." Sherlock's speech was interrupted by John almost choking on his drink and saying "No no I wasn't hitting on you, no." But then John thought to himself  'I wasn't hitting on him, right? I'm straight... I have no doubt of that... or do I?' but he left those thoughts aside and continued eating his dinner until Sherlock saw the supposed murderer and started running after him, causing John to follow him as well.
Now it had been two years since Sherlock's suicide and, even though John was still hurting because of it, he was feeling a little bit better; he had managed to move on a little; he didn't get drunk that often, he didn't have so many breakdowns, he managed to sleep a little better... Also, he started eating properly again and he managed to get his job back at the hospital where he had worked before Sherlock's death. Nevertheless, as much progress as he had made, he was still in pain, he just learnt to live with it. Besides that, John was still deeply in love with Sherlock... Since he admitted his real feelings for the detective, his love for him had done nothing but growing stronger every day...
"Good night Sherlock", he said, yawning. Still no response from his flat mate. 'What has gotten into him?' thought John to himself.
Sherlock was really excited. John loved to see him that happy (even though if it was because someone had been murdered and he was chosen to solve the case); his eyes sparkled a little more than usual giving him a more... human appearance, also, he smiled genuinely. A smile that only John had the good fortune of seeing. 'He has such a beautiful smile..." the doctor thought to himself while putting on his coat.
John noticed that there were two paintings hanging on the room's walls. The doctor looked at the time and wondered where would Mycroft be and at that exact moment, the man entered in the room.
"Domestic murder. Not worth my time." , said Sherlock while laying down on the couch.
The detective opened his eyes and looked at the time. 'I must have fallen asleep' he thought to himself. He was going to get out of his room when he started to hear someone crying 'John' he thought. How was he going to tell the doctor that he was alive?
The ride wasn't very long, but it felt like ages to John. He was very nervous. A man gave him directions to arrive to the place where he was meet with Sherlock's brother.
"What are you talking about, Sherlock?" asked the doctor nervously and laughing a little. Sherlock, simply said
"Good morning Sherlock" he said. No response. John was still concerned about his friend and asked him
Sherlock, after a while, headed to his room as well, where again, he felt this lump in his throat. He was devastated. He couldn't stand the thought that he was hurting and pushing John away, the only person who accepted him from the very first moment. Sherlock felt disgusted with himself and once again, he couldn't help it but start crying. He kept on crying for several hours until he managed to calm down. However, he was not able to fall asleep so he spent the entire night sitting on his armchair watching crap telly and criticizing everything about it.
"No! It's not okay! You were dead, Sherlock! I saw it happen. I went to your grave every goddamn day! Two bloody years!" he took a deep breath and kept on talking "I was moving on and now... Now you just come back into my life again? Don't you dare tell me it's okay!"
John just looked deeply into the detective's eyes. He was having trouble to breath, he couldn't think properly and swallowed whole by so many emotions John yelled
John sat on his armchair and contemplated Sherlock playing violin. There was something very majestic while he did that; his delicate hands moved very gracefully when he drew the bow across the strings making that wonderful music that filled the silent room... Also, his usually frowned face looked very relaxed and passionate while he was playing; his features softened and his eyes were closed but his heart was open, since the pieces Sherlock played were his way of telling people how he felt. John could spend entire days watching his best friend playing, and he wouldn't get tired of it.
"Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, we are most terribly sorry for your son's loss" said Greg once they were sitting on the sofa. After a brief pause, the Detective inspector continued
"Are you sure?" he asked.
"You know... I wanted you not to be dead, Sherlock..." the detective just looked up at where John was standing and with a sad smile on his face he said
Recently, he had lost interest and enthusiasm towards the activities he used to enjoy the most: solving crimes, doing experiments...
Lestrade looked up from his notebook. “Do you know how hard it is to break someone’s neck like this? Shut up, Sherlock, I’m sure
“I was thinking...”
The two of them slept in and took their time the next morning, leisurely getting ready for the day. Mycroft invited himself up for a late brunch while his workers were replacing Lio’s door and cleaning the carpeting. He also had a security team installing a few extra measures around all three flats and the surrounding street, but kept most of that information to himself. No need to ruffle feathers, as he knew neither Sherlock nor John would approve of his meddling.
This one was just as tentative and they parted after a few seconds again. They sat staring at each other before John slapped his knee. “Right. I think I could use some tea. It's probably past time we got up anyway.” He left the warm bed and Sherlock, headed to the kitchen, and began preparing tea.
“There's nothing to forgive. It's all fine, John,” Sherlock, putting as much sincerity into his voice as possible. He hoped John understood.
A little more in depth on John's state of mind while Sherlock was dead. Mind the tags. Chapter title from "Phoenix" off Polaris by Tesseract
Three things happened at once: Sherlock roared into a pillow, the channel around John's fingers began clamping around them, and Sherlock came without being touched, spraying the length of the bed beneath him.
“I'm not worried about me you mook.”
Lio grinned in return. “It never was.”
Oh. Hadn't he just made the decision to take this as it came? Fuck it.
The pure terror that Sherlock had seen in John's eyes tonight was a different beast. That wasn't the John Sherlock was familiar with. Though he'd never had one himself, Sherlock knew what a panic attack was by definition and knew its symptoms. His breathing and heart rate were far too fast, and if Sherlock hadn't arrived home when he did, John would have passed out within another few minutes. The muscle contractions had to have caused him some amount of pain, and he would most likely be sore tomorrow. Had John's PTSD worsened while he'd been away?
John was unable to suppress the groan that the first press of Sherlock’s hands into his shoulder drew out.
“Hold on,” John said a little breathlessly. He rolled over onto his back, his cock hard and red against his stomach. “I want to see you.”
Lio raised an eyebrow, then suddenly felt something next to her head. Sergei had his hands near the glasses.
“Cleaned? I can’t imagine too much was knocked out of place,”  Lio said.
John nodded before catching himself. “Yeah, took longer than I was expecting between the ankle, foot, and shoulder, but I’m back to normal. How about you? Your arm okay?”
Lio paled. “Please tell me you locked my door.” She received confused silence from the two men. “Sergei knows where I live! I brought him here!” she shouted frantically, and began to run to the door. She was too late; it came completely off its hinges as a furious Sergei kicked it in. He said nothing and ran straight for Lio, who’d been momentarily stunned, and slipped behind her, wrapping an arm around her neck. He lifted her a few inches off the ground, which dragged a pained choke from her, and spun to face John and Sherlock before letting Lio down barely enough for her to balance on her toes. He rested the muzzle of a gun at Lio’s temple, effectively preventing them from acting. Lio clawed at the arm around her neck until she felt the weapon against her head and froze.
“They aren't,” Sherlock said.
“Because I'm different! My vastly superior intellect should put me above such things!” Sherlock spat derisively.
“Hmm, we'll have to wait to see what your homeless network turns up. I've been looking through Mycroft's interviews with the Lords whose staffers were killed.” He shook his head. “They're up to their eyeballs in just about everything. I don't know how they keep it all straight.”
Mycroft was silent for a few moments before nodding. “Good.” He took a bite of his pastry.
He sniffed a few. “Hmm...The sandalwood, cedar, and vetiver, I think.”
Lestrade met Sherlock in the living room, where the detective was doing...absolutely nothing. “Well at least one of you is making an honest living.” He shuffled his feet and looked uncomfortable. “Ah, bugger, I probably shouldn't tell you this, given how you reacted last time, but we might need your help.”
Sherlock furrowed his brow.
Sherlock flinched almost imperceptibly. “It wasn't worth my time. Lestrade could handle it.”
“Mmhmm. I've expanded my horizons a little bit, Liolya. Things have changed, gotta do what I can.”
She shrugged. “Uzhasny.”
Recognizing an impending argument when he saw one, John cleared his throat and stood, stretching and grimacing slightly as his back popped. “Let’s head out. We won’t stay long; I don’t want to exhaust her.”
Lestrade sat on the couch with a cuppa and watched with some amusement as John and Sherlock argued.
Sherlock snorted in disbelief as he rejoined them.
Lestrade shook his head. “Some addicts do that, inject it into weird places to make easier to hide. Shame,” he quickly averted his gaze as Sherlock met his eyes over the body. “So it was an overdose, but that doesn't explain who moved him later.”
sorry.”
“Thank you Mr Holmes. I know I'm 'bait' but if it helps you catch this man, I'll do what I can.” She stood up straighter. “I'm ready when you are.”
in my head.”
John stood. “C’mon Sherlock, you heard the Major.” He gave Lio a brief hug. “We’ll come back tomorrow to take you home, all right?”
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed. He started towards them, but at a slight shake of the head from Mycroft, stopped.
Mycroft rocked back and forth on his heels, hands behind his back. “I can wait until you're finished.”
“Mmm. Fine,” Sherlock said, and rolled off John with a grimace. He got to his feet and pulled John up. “Shower?”
He laughed.
“'S right mate.” Lestrade was glad Sherlock was aware enough to register John's name, but his eyes were still not focusing on his surroundings.
John started chuckling. “We didn't think this through very well. Both the shoulder brace and the boot for my left ankle have to go back on, since they need to be worn 24/7. I'm not wearing them bare, though. They'll chafe terribly. Would you mind running upstairs and getting some--”
John wasn’t quite prepared for the expression on Lio’s face. Her lips pulled back in a snarl, baring her teeth wolfishly. “Because I’m tired of people underestimating me, and I missed the signs of a trap once. It won’t happen again.”
Sherlock answered by putting his hands on John’s arse and spreading him open. “Much better,” he said, before flicking his tongue over John’s hole. The other man shivered. “All right?”
“She’ll be able to
“Yes. He would’ve killed all three of us if you hadn’t. You were defending us,” John said. He took her wrist and checked her pulse, which was racing. He also noticed she was cold and sweating, causing her to tremble slightly. “Lio, you’re going into shock. I need you to lie back and let me elevate your feet so you don’t pass out. Take slow, steady breaths, okay? Sherlock, grab a blanket.” Lio complied, and let John man-handle her legs under a few pillows. She also let Sherlock cover her with a blanket.
Sherlock snorted. “Not as much as you'd think. He's surprisingly hands-on.” He motioned for John to join him on the couch and spread the interviews on the coffee table. “What do all four have in common?”
Her phone was alternating between an obnoxiously loud ring and the name of the caller, in this case Mycroft. She answered it suspiciously. “Da, it's Lio.”
A car suddenly pulled up near them. Mycroft rolled the window down. “Get in.”
“I wasn’t actually in the UK; I was working on something for Golov in—elsewhere—when he called.”
“John, can we...” he trailed off, frowning as John continued leaving kisses down his jaw. “I'd like to try—oh God!” he exclaimed as John hit the sensitive spot on his throat. Sherlock pushed him back and John raised an eyebrow. “John, I want you inside me.”
Sherlock shook his head with a grimace. “Charming.”
John breathed a sigh of relief. “Let's go home.”
John arrived late afternoon, bounding into the flat. Had he been a lesser man, Sherlock would have been startled at his boisterous appearance, but instead only raised an eyebrow. John was grinning from ear to ear and raised both arms out parallel to the floor.
Sherlock stroked John’s cock with a loose grip. He wasn’t hard yet, but it would be distracting and hopefully the pleasure there would carry over. Sherlock traced his tongue from John’s perineum and circled the puckered opening a few times before attempting to thrust inside. John tensed briefly, then went lax again as Sherlock used one hand to softly play with his cock and the other held him open so Sherlock’s tongue could continue laving the tight ring. Sherlock was using his lips as well as his tongue, kissing from the head of John’s cock and back up, but focused mainly on opening him. John was hard now, and leaking; Sherlock dragged a finger through the precome and brought it to his rim, tongue spearing into him deeper than before. A broken, gravelly moan escaped John’s throat, and he tried to jerk his hips back into that tongue, but Sherlock’s hand moved to his back and held him steady. The warm, wet muscle moved in quick circles, pierced in and out of him in shallow little thrusts, and drove hard into him as deeply as Sherlock could. John was absolutely sloppy with Sherlock’s saliva before he pulled back.
John took a moment to
It took about twenty minutes for their breathing to return to normal. They were chest to chest, Sherlock on top, and neither wanted to move.
“You seem well, Lio, I’m glad. You weren’t nearly this confident or as in good spirits the last time I saw you.”
“Not that I don't appreciate the enthusiasm, Sherlock, but can you at least wait until I'm fully awake?”
John gave his head a shake to clear it. A kiss. He could do that. “Yes.”
Mycroft began. “According to Mr Alenin’s files, the Russian government became aware of this combination three weeks before it was used on you in Volgograd. He states that a drug-runner for a dealer turned up dead in Voronezh. Mr Alenin went to investigate, since he was on assignment for the FSB to bring down the dealer.”
John ran his hand down Sherlock's back. “Need anything?”
John's eyes widened and he froze, just staring at Sherlock for several seconds. He sucked in a breath through his nose and took Sherlock's hand. “Let's go home.”
Sherlock plopped down on the couch. “You'd do that?”
“I'll let you know if we need anything. Thanks Greg.”
“Ugh!”
“Hmmm,” John replied as he sipped his drink.
“You...don't mind this?” Sherlock asked.
“I sent him home to shower and change. He spent all night here with you.”
John's eyes snapped open and he glared at Sherlock. “Sherlock, no. This wasn't your fault. I could hear it off in the distance, y'know? Thought I'd make myself a cuppa and settle in with some telly and wait it out, but then it was right overhead and...a bomb went off...I dropped the cup. It just...didn't...stop. I remember backing into the corner. And then you came in talking about breakers and candles and I knew I'd be okay. So, thank you.”
For someone with minimal sexual experience, John figured this might be a bit overwhelming. He noticed that Sherlock hadn't touched himself, but he was still hard. John took that as a good sign. “Ready for another?” Sherlock only nodded again, and John pressed his middle finger in.
John looked up at him. “Lucky.” He turned his attention back to Lio. “How are you doing?”
“Tell me.”
She nodded in response to Sergei’s question, hoping her hesitation would be explained by what the glasses were hiding.
John sighed. “Why don’t I make some tea.” He went into the kitchen
“I bet.” She was still a little breathless, but rolled to her knees and reached for Sergei, who had to shuffle a little closer. Lio kissed him hard, tasting herself on his lips, and shoved his open pants down to his thighs. She tugged on his hard cock a few times before asking, “What do you want? My mouth? Or my pussy?”
“Then I'm very glad we met. You've made me a better man, shown me that caring doesn't have to be a weakness. I wouldn't have beaten Moriarty without you. You're my conductor of light; even in my darkest moments, the thought of coming back to you kept me going.” He took a deep breath and met John’s eyes. “I...I love you, John.”
“She?”
chapter title is from "smile" off sonder by Tesseract
“John Watson! You’re supposed to be the voice of reason!” Lio snapped, though it was good natured.
Sherlock looked at him thoughtfully. “Do you really think I'm handsome?”
“I just thought I'd bring you a little something to hold you over for the next day or two,” she whispered. She was clearly fighting an excited outburst at finding “her boys” together. “I'll go. Let me know if you need anything, dearie.” She clapped her hands together in front of her chest and trotted away, humming a bright tune.
It was odd how Sherlock could talk about himself in extremely blunt language, but he censored himself when it came to John.
“The gunshot ruptured your eardrum. It’s bleeding, but it’s not serious. Are you hurt anywhere else?” he asked again.
“Did you think I wouldn’t find out? Was that what last night was all about? Getting close to me so you could get into my phone?” Sergei snarled into her ear.
John placed his thumbs on either side, stretching the hole slightly while his tongue probed deeper. He spent some time tonguing Sherlock's arse, occasionally canting his stubble-roughened face against Sherlock's thighs.
John rolled his eyes and shook his head. Changing subjects, he said, “Lio should come off sedation tomorrow morning, so she might be able to come home tomorrow evening, but it will more likely be the day after. I spoke briefly with Dr Patel, and I get the feeling he doesn’t like us, like we’ve corrupted her or something.”
Lio huffed. “I need food. You wore me out. Room service?”
“What? Of course not,” John said, appalled at the very suggestion. “What happened and what you did while you were gone are not things I can judge. C'mon, let's put you to bed and I'll see if I can find something online to distract you.”
“Yes, very good. I know you still keep in touch with a few of them.”
John huffed a laugh and forced himself to loosen up. “Keep going.”
John returned from Lio’s slightly unnerved. He was surprised to find Sherlock awake and waiting for him in the kitchen with tea and toast, despite it being nearly dinner time.
A brief frown crossed her face at “yet,” but she hoped the glasses, which she still wore, masked it. “Well, I’ll give your info to the two detectives upstairs tomorrow and they can take it from there. Nothing else I’ll be able to help them with afterwards anyway.”
She stepped back. “Of course. Tea? Or coffee? You sound exhausted.”
Sherlock ascended the stairs and unlocked the door, shocked to find the flat pitch black, the only illumination provided by the frequent bolts of lightning. The storm didn’t seem to have knocked out power, since the stairwell was still lit, so it could possibly be a blown fuse. John could have turned everything off and gone to bed as well, though it was still too early for that, and in any event he would've waited up for Sherlock to bring dinner.
and I don’t think John will be happy about that either.”
when i learned i had a brain tumor in september 2018, i thought "oh shit, i gotta finish this."  i didnt make it in time. you would think that during my two month recovery period, i wouldve been able to crank this out, but no. yay procrastination! i also find porn really hard to write for some reason, like someone's gonna burst into my apartment and laugh at me.
“Sher...lock...”
“John, if you don't fuck me right now, they will never find your body.” Sherlock hissed and threw the lubricant at him.
“Anything I can do?”
He was pointedly ignored. Lestrade shook his head. “Bloody bastard,” he muttered. John sympathized, having been on the receiving end of Mycroft's manipulations plenty.
Sherlock ran his hand through his hair and wrinkled his nose. “Shower, I think. Then bed.” He twisted to look at John. “I don't want to talk about it. Not now. I want to try to forget.”
John was typing and clicking madly on his laptop. “Okay, the Security Committee includes the chairs of the Justice, Home Affairs, Foreign Affairs, and Defense Committees, which our victims all worked for.”
it. And we’re the ones that are supposed to pick her up.”
Sherlock had the grace to blush.
“Jesus. Okay, okay. One more.” He added more lubricant and scissored the two already inserted fingers a bit before sliding his ring finger in. Sherlock moaned and pushed against him again. He found, and avoided as best he could, Sherlock's over-sensitive prostate. John spread all three fingers slightly, trying to gauge how much he should stretch Sherlock. He began steadily pumping them in and out. Sherlock dropped to his elbows, changing the angle and pulling another moan from his throat.
“You’re an only child,” Sherlock broke in.
“I killed Sergei.”
“He'll sleep for a little while yet.”
John rolled slightly to face him. “Well, yeah. You asked me to. I wasn't going to abandon you.”
“John,” he breathed, and began kissing his way down John's chest and stomach, following the fading scar and the pale blond hair that led to his waist, sinking slowly to his knees. It took John until Sherlock started fumbling with his belt to realize what was happening.
“Well that would explain why they were targeted and not the Lords themselves. I'm sure Mycroft would be lost without Anthea.”
Sergei paid (she wouldn’t say it, but Lio was grateful; this restaurant was way outside her price range) and the two caught a cab back to 221C.
“Murders, actually.” Ms Monroe let out a startled “oh!” before Mycroft continued. “What can you tell us about your routine?”
“No murderous cabbies, I hope,” John said, and took a sip of wine.
“That's what the staff is for. Most of the work is done by the assistants.”
Lio wavered on her feet, every breath agony through her battered throat, but she was coherent enough to dimly hear a few hard punches and grunts from the two men battling on the floor, and Sherlock’s tight, “John, I can’t get a clean shot with you rolling around like that.”
“Yeah, kinda got that,” John said. Lio didn’t look that great either. Her eyes were dull and had dark circles under them, her normally wild hair was flat and limp, and she still appeared to be tense, as if… “Lio, you can ask for something for the pain, you know.”
She was shaking her head before he was even finished. “I’m on the max dose of paracetamol. No opiates. I don’t like the way they make me feel. I’m missing half my hearing, and the smell of the hospital is overwhelming just about everything else. It’s hard enough to stay focused without the deadening effects of an opioid. Oxy puts me out like that,” she said with a snap of her fingers.
He chuckled around John's cock, causing it to twitch in his mouth. Concentrating, he stretched his jaw as wide as he could and swallowed, managing to take John completely down his throat.
At John's vehemence, Sherlock opened his eyes and met his gaze.
Sherlock was a bit disappointed but not surprised at John's abrupt departure, concerned that the new direction of their relationship would drive John away. When Sherlock woke from the nightmare to John’s reassuring voice and a gentle hand in his hair, he’d wanted more of that warmth. He pulled John into bed purely based on that thought, and when John was next to him, Sherlock thought about the night he held John through a panic attack and risked putting an arm around him, if only to feel that strong heartbeat again. He hadn't lied to John about needing him; if anything, he understated it. John was right though, he'd never been one for romantic relationships, so he could see why the other man was questioning him. It didn't matter now, he knew he wanted to be with John, in whatever way he was comfortable. Given John's previous adamant declarations of being “not gay,” and the way he just left, Sherlock wasn't holding out hope for much. He sighed, and went to the living room to await his doom.
Sherlock took that as permission to put a little more strength into his hips as he plunged into John. The precome was making obscene sounds as John leaked over his hand.
She huffed a breathy laugh and wiped at her face. “I think you should be running it by Mycroft, not me. He is the British Government after all.”
While they waited for the tea, Sergei sat on the couch. “So, tell me about these friends of yours that have you looking into this weird drug cocktail.”
“Now, how about some breakfast,” he said, and gave Sherlock a quick kiss.
“I'll take that as a 'no.' Do be careful. Feelings can be so fickle and fragile.”
“Well well, I thought we'd gotten rid of the freak.”
Unable to stop herself, she broke into a fit of giggles. “You taste like borscht!”
John sighed again. “Yes and no. He...got a little crazed last night. Sorry he accused you of being involved.”
Are you prepared for an awkward conversation with John and Sherlock about sex? Chapter title from "Hexes" again
John let his head drop into his hands. “God help me, you're right.”
“Relax, John, or that massage will go to waste,” Sherlock chided gently.
“Tea’s fine,” he said, right behind her and she yelped.
“That’d be nice...”
John woke with a snort, slightly disoriented. His lap was warm and sweaty, and he looked down to see he still had the computer on. He shut it off and set it on the desk. He rolled his neck and shoulders, reaching up with his right hand to rub his face. He could hear his physical therapist berating him for falling asleep in a chair. He could hear something else too, coming from the bed at his knees.
“Are you serious? I am, but you could at least—you know what, never mind. This is where Brian was found, right?”
“Perfect. I'm starving. The final workup was pretty intense and they didn't give me a whole lot of time for a break. As one of the Americans we came across in Afghanistan said: 'I could eat the ass-end off a dead rhinoceros.'”
“Yeah, I understand. I'll wait to hear from him, then. Thanks Colonel, I owe you.” She disconnected and frowned slightly in confusion. Last she checked, Golov was still with Alpha Group, so him working on something international where he'd have an operative in western Europe was very unusual. He did say things had changed, so maybe that was it.
That was not what John was expecting. He met Sherlock's clear gray-green eyes. “Me?”
He reared back abruptly and tugged at John's jumper. “Can you take this off?” he asked, somewhat breathlessly.
John was growing concerned. “Yes Lio. Sergei is dead.”
Upon arrival at the restaurant, Angelo nearly tackled Sherlock, embracing him in a fierce hug. The burly Italian lifted Sherlock off his feet for a moment in his excitement. Once he was calm enough, Sherlock whispered something to him that John didn't catch and they were ushered to the window table.
“So, what, should we brush our teeth?”
“What did you find?” Sherlock asked.
“Not possible. What was I thinking about, then?”
Sherlock helped John haul himself back up the stairs after Lio and Mycroft left. “So that's what you were conspiring with Mycroft about at the hospital. That's good. I'm glad she'll be close.” They reached Sherlock's bedroom. John was sweating lightly from exertion and just wanted to rest, but he needed to divest himself of all the equipment that was currently holding his body together. “Ah, Sherlock, can you help get the braces off my feet? It's nearly impossible to do one handed.”
John joined him shortly after. “So, you want to tell me what that was all about?”
She'd gone off the baclofen about four months ago, after the seizures. It had stopped controlling the random eye movements and she didn't feel the need to replace it with another drug, though it had taken some noticeable stares, even for her, before she broke down and bought dark glasses. She realized the jerky, unfocused wandering of her eyes was disconcerting to most. “I wear glasses in public.” Lio cocked her head. “Does it bother you, that you don't know if I'm actually focusing on you?”
“What's with the candle?” John asked, eyebrow raised, as he ordered, hardly even needing to look at the menu. They'd been here so often he had it memorized, even after all this time.
“Sometimes I wonder what it would be like to have a normal brother.”
Thunder rumbled in the distance as he wrapped up his investigation, informing Lestrade haughtily that this wasn't a murder but an accidental death caused by the man's prescription drugs and an undiagnosed heart condition that would be found in the autopsy.
“You can’t fix everything with tea, John!”
“Hmm, Sh'lock,” John slurred sleepily. He came fully awake as Sherlock's hand slid into his pants. “Sherlock!” he arched against the hand.
“Not at all. I want to assure you, Ms Monroe, that we won't let any harm come to you. Once I've spotted our murderer, he will be subdued. You won't be in any danger,” Sherlock said.
He got off the bed and she could hear him remove his pants entirely. “Come to the edge of the bed. I want your mouth first.”
Sherlock stopped to brush his teeth while John started the kettle. Finished, Sherlock sank wearily onto the couch and glanced around the flat. “I'm surprised Mycroft's not here.”
“Yeah, it’s fine, just...stop for a second and kiss me.”
John suppressed the shiver that the order produced and did as Sherlock directed. The bed dipped as Sherlock straddled his hips. John heard the bottle of lotion open and close
“Oh God,” Sherlock moaned, dropping his forehead on John's shoulder. John nuzzled his neck, kissing hungrily up to his jaw and back down, finding Sherlock's sensitive spots. He discovered Sherlock was especially responsive near the hollow of  his throat. He alternated between sucking and laving his tongue over the area. John may have had no experience with men, but erogenous zones were erogenous zones, no matter the body, and he knew how to work them. He jerked them off faster, dragging his thumb over the heads of their cocks, reveling in Sherlock's breathy moans. The normally stoic man was more vocal than John was expecting.
“Seriously?” John asked incredulously, eyes wide.
“Good. Why waste more time. You don’t know how long I’ve waited for this. I couldn’t do anything while you were Major Verednikova, and then you were injured, and then you left. I never had a chance.”
Molly finally returned with John, who immediately went to Sherlock. Lestrade tried to back away, but Sherlock still had his arm in a death grip.
“No, thank you.” He snatched the flannel from John and disappeared into the bathroom. It gave John just enough time to throw another set of sheets on the bed as Sherlock came back relatively quickly.
“Let's go for a walk, Dr Watson. You can grab some coffee.”
John didn’t like it, but he didn’t push it.
John clenched his jaw and gripped Sherlock's thighs roughly. “You bloody wanker.”
Sherlock frowned at John. “You didn’t tell me you were in pain.”
“You want me to reach out to my military contacts.”
“Yes sir, Mr Holmes. Lord Denton told me to come right away, something to do with the disappearances?”
Sergei huffed a laugh and stood, taking Lio with him. She let out an undignified squeak in response, but wrapped her legs around his waist and let herself be carried to bed. He placed her gently on the bed, causing her to chuckle. “I told you I’m not gonna break.”
Sherlock stopped pacing, but didn't sit. He looked at John, “No, for being an idiot. Though less so than the population in general.”
Sergei was shocked into silence for several moments before coming back to himself, “Fuck you! You taste like garlic!”
“John, shut up,” Sherlock said, and began bobbing his head over the glans. John lifted and spread his knees and tried to keep from arching down Sherlock's throat. He could feel one of Sherlock's hands on the base of his cock, holding him steady, but he had no idea where the other one was until he felt cool fingers just behind his balls. He hissed as the fingers began to rub his perineum. He released a long “oh” of air. Sherlock caught his eyes and let John's cock fall from from his mouth with a wet slap. “Come for me, John,” he whispered before engulfing John's member again.
He wasn't sure what woke him, possibly the waterfall of drool rolling off his arm. Or Mycroft looming like a specter in the corner. John jerked upright in the chair. “Jesus, Mycroft.”
“Sergei, oh fuck, I’m gonna come, fuckfuckfuck!” She arched as her pussy pulsed around Sergei’s mouth. He pulled off with a final swipe of his tongue over her sensitive clit that sent a shiver down her spine. “Oh, fuck me,” she panted.
John looked up at him in shock and shook his head like a dog. “No no no no, Jesus, Sherlock, I'm sorry if I gave you that impression. No, I meant what I said about seeing where this goes.” He averted his eyes. “I guess...I hadn't expected it to be real so fast, y'know?”
As soon as Lestrade was gone, Sherlock collapsed against John, throwing a hand up to his forehead. He blew out a shaky breath. “I don't like those.”
“Hmm.” was all Sherlock offered, moving frenetically around the body and the couch.
Sherlock continued to glower at John, who didn't back down. Sherlock dropped his forehead onto his knees after nearly a minute, mumbling, “Not so old.”
Lio stood, frowning angrily. “I’m meeting Sergei tomorrow at his hotel. I’m going to get more information. As much as I don’t want him, or Golov for that matter, to be involved, there’s way too much here for him not to be, at least tangentially. This bullshit won’t happen to me twice. Mycroft, do you still have the file on me that you gave Sherlock?”
“You won’t.” She reached up with both hands and touched his face, tracing his eyebrows and the crows feet at the corners of his eyes with her thumbs, his ears with her fingertips, and sweeping them to his cheeks and jaw and nose before coming to rest gently on his lips. “I know this face. I know you. I trust you.” She felt another little stab of shame and shoved it roughly aside.
“Very well, Miss Verednikova.” Mycroft gathered up his things. “We’ll meet tomorrow after your date, then.” With a nod to Sherlock and John, he left.
John chuckled, trying to alleviate some of the awkwardness he felt. “I wish everyone looked at me like that after a kiss.”
“I know, doesn’t mean it’s not embarrassing.” She sighed and shook her head. “Just make sure he doesn’t rearrange my furniture.”
He was interrupted by a small stampede as Lestrade burst into the flat, followed more leisurely by Mycroft.
Ms Monroe sat down at a table and opened her bag. She retrieved a book and began to read.
“Yeah, I will. Thanks Greg. For everything.” John settled in to wait again.
Lestrade waved a hand. “Nah, nothing we can't handle, though I'm glad you're here to wrangle him.” He motioned inside. “Shall we?”
“What does this have to do with Sherlock?”
“Where else would I be. Not like I have a job.”
John caught it and said, “I don't know if you're rea—wah!”
“I never thought that for a moment.”
Lio noticed the stumble but didn’t comment. She nodded. “I thought you retired from Alpha Group?”
“Lio...” John began, but took a moment to continue. He wasn’t sure if he should broach this subject with her. Deciding to just ask, he said, “You’ve never mentioned it, but I have to wonder...is there anyone we can call for you? Back in Russia? Maybe someone to stay with you for a while so you can recover? I mean, Sherlock and I are here of course, but between cases and my locum work...there’s Mrs Hudson too, but I worry about her health as well...” As he spoke, Lio, who had been “looking” at him, turned away.
“Near the Home Office would be a perfect place for him to leave one of his 'messages,'” Mycroft said. Sherlock nodded in agreement.
The next few seconds seemed to happen in slow motion. Lio took Sergei’s distraction and the fact that his gun wasn’t pointed at her head as the opening she needed to snap one of her legs back into Sergei’s groin, drawing a howl. The gun fired, deafening Lio’s left ear. His grip around her neck loosened enough that she was able to fight out of it. She took a step away from him, wheezing, and felt a rush of air go past her as someone tackled Sergei.
“You sure you want to come along?” John asked suspiciously.
He pulled his mouth off her breasts. “Why don’t we move to the bed?”
Sherlock has a flashback, and John helps him get over it. Title from "Hexes" off Polaris by Tesseract
John flattened his tongue against the head and hummed a bit. Sherlock's balls tightened against his groin and John hauled his mouth off as the first shot went straight up and landed on Sherlock's belly. The next few landed above Sherlock's pubic hair, and the rest spilled over John's hand as he slowly stroked Sherlock through the aftershocks. He cleaned them up with someone's discarded shirt and laid down next to Sherlock, who had flopped back against the pillows, eyes closed.
Lestrade shoved a stool behind him and pushed on his shoulders. Sherlock dropped onto the seat without protest. Molly met Lestrade's eyes over Sherlock's head. Lestrade frowned.
“Probably. That doesn't mean you aren't allowed to be affected.”
John chuckled and took a bite of sausage. “Mycroft?”
“Hmm.” Sherlock filed that away in the Mind Palace for future reference.
“What do you do after work?” John asked.
“What's this all about? You've been hounding Sherlock for a few days now.”
Sherlock lost the battle with keeping a straight face and laughed heartily at John's oddly skinny leg. John joined in and they were chuckling and making ridiculous pirate puns as they arrived at the scene. John still had a slight limp, but otherwise gave no outward sign that he had been tortured two months ago by Sebastian Moran.
It had been a long time since she’d had sex with another person and doing it herself was never as good, so before too long she felt an orgasm building.
“Nope.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I did the shopping while you were out and picked up the ingredients. It's easy enough to make.”
“Any time on that ambulance would be great. We’re over three minutes on this seizure and the Versed hasn’t touched it,” John said. He was kneeling on the floor near her head as Lio continued to seize.
/*/*/*/*/*
Lestrade drove them home in silence. Sherlock leaned heavily on John and John kept one hand on his thigh. They reached Baker Street and all three trekked up the stairs to 221B, keeping Sherlock between them. If Sherlock noticed the protective gesture, he didn't comment.
John shrugged a bit sheepishly and stood. “Sorry mate. Looks like you're on your own.” He turned to follow Sherlock.
. His own documentation says this picture was taken in Saratov, which is a lie. The time-stamp indicates it was taken on 13th November, which is the day I escaped. That means if he was really in Saratov, he wouldn’t have had enough time to get to Volgograd to take this picture. It means he was already in Volgograd.” He stood up and began pacing. “The
“And so has Golov. There’s nothing in the file indicating he has an official side project either with the military or the FSB. They’re working together on whatever this drug thing is. I figure Sergei’s the point man, scouting out new locations and introducing the drugs.”
Sherlock rolled toward him and threw an arm across his chest. John stiffened for a moment, but relaxed at Sherlock's breathy “Yeah.”
“There is a predator targeting the House of Lords. No Lords have been injured or killed directly; but rather their assistants. Nothing has been taken, no secrets compromised, but with four bodies in seven days, we feel it's only a matter of time before one of them becomes a victim. Security has been increased, of course, and we've dug deep into the staffers' backgrounds, but haven't been able to find any link between them other than that they work for a member of Parliament. This has all been kept very hush-hush; no media reports and minimal NSY presence. Which is where you come in, brother mine. All four bodies are currently waiting at St Barts with Miss Hooper for you to investigate. The car's downstairs; we can go any time.”
He sat there, unable to sleep. His back felt as if it were being flayed open each time he shifted in the chair. His hands were bound tightly together behind him, so hunching forward wasn't an option. Sherlock didn't know how long he sat there, maybe only a few hours, before one of the men came back and gave him another injection. Over the next several hours he was drugged 6 more times. In the lulls, Sherlock was vaguely able to deduce that the drug he'd been given wasn't straight heroin and the seller from the alley had only sold him decent drugs to get him to this point. These new injections were cut with something, a hallucinogenic at least. He needed to get away before they overdosed him. He worked at his bonds, causing his wrists to bleed. It felt like all his blood was gushing from his wrists. The sounds in the room were amplified, every shift of his body against the metal chair was like a roaring beast, every drop of blood from his wrists crashed like an ocean wave, and even the smallest shaft of light poking through the dilapidated house was blinding. His head ached, he could barely keep his eyes open but each time he slid toward oblivion, the pain in his back, the grinding of the chair against the floor as he slumped forward, the smell of blood and urine, or the
Sherlock was released the next morning, with strict instructions to take it easy for the next few days at least, and to return to hospital if he felt any shortness of breath or pain in his chest. The stab wound itself wasn't large and only needed a few stitches to close. He spent most of the first day in bed and finally joined John in the living room just before dinner.
it, and his looks have changed in twelve years. I wasn’t expecting this, so I
Sherlock protested a bit at the early hour, but let John lead him to bed. They both changed into pajamas and John pulled Sherlock's desk chair up to the bed and opened his laptop. John settled on unsolved murder synopses, and read those to Sherlock until he finally slipped into a doze, lulled by John's soft voice and that the bed still smelled like John, despite Mrs Hudson changing the linens while they were out.
“Bloody Hell!” Lestrade exclaimed. “What happened?”
“Yeah. It’s been...good. Using my skills again. Money’s not bad either,” he said with a laugh.
John obliged, and attached his mouth to one of Sherlock's nipples, running his tongue roughly over it. Sherlock
“Couldn’t tell you.”
Ms Monroe returned and stood nervously in the doorway. “Am I interrupting something?”
“He went with me.”
“So am I.
“We are absolutely
Lio leaned against the counter. “They actually live upstairs. You might run into them at some point if you hang around. They work with the local police, and one of them at one point was working on an international case. He ran into this in Russia.” Not a lie, but intentionally vague.
“They did think he might be dead,” John said.
“Freedom!” he nearly shouted. “I see the orthopedist for a recheck in a month, but until then, no more brace!” He rolled his left shoulder experimentally. “I'd say 'as good as new' but...as good as 'pre-Moran' will have to do.”
Sherlock took his elbow. “All right?”
“That's because he shot me! During the test!”
They turned off the shower, dried themselves and dressed, heading to Sherlock's bed afterward. Sherlock snuggled around John again, making him the little spoon. He kissed the back of John's neck. “Goodnight John.”
Sherlock threw a photo down on the bed. “That’s all five of them. On the end, who is that?”
“Huh, just like the first time we were here,” John said.
“Without touching yourself?” Sherlock nodded, blushing harder. “Jesus fuck, that's—that's bloody incredible.” John pulled Sherlock's head down for a kiss. He could taste himself in Sherlock's mouth, which was a little strange. He’d kissed women after they’d given him a blow-job, and didn’t remember that particular flavor. He shook his head, refocusing. They were both still breathing heavy, and John was curious to see more of Sherlock. “Why don't we get in the shower? We've, ah, worked up a bit of a sweat.” He suppressed a wince at how cheesy that sounded.
Sherlock nodded. “Hmm. Mycroft will have some people come by and replace the door and clean the carpet. He’s also insisting on one of those doorbell cameras.”
“You don’t say,” John deadpanned.
“User.”
Sherlock broke his melancholy and helped John put his feet into the pants. When they were up around his knees, Sherlock put the boot back on John's left leg. John was able to stand, using Sherlock's crouched form as a crutch, and pull the pants up the rest of the way. He determinedly looked anywhere but at Sherlock, not needing the extra embarrassment of acknowledging that his groin was nearly in the man's face. Sherlock then replaced the shoulder brace.
Lestrade still hesitated.
“No, Sherlock.”
There were sounds of a struggle before Sherlock yelled “Got it!”
Sherlock grabbed John's left hand and just held it, running his thumb across the knuckles in an uncommonly gentle gesture. “Once I understood how much you meant to me, it was too late; I was gone after Moriarty. I thought I'd lost any chance of having...something with you. I convinced myself that even if I returned, you wouldn't be interested in continuing our previous partnership, much less anything else. But in the past few months, just being here, showed me that I'd been wrong, that you still cared for me in a way that no one else has or probably will. You said recently that we missed out on so much of each other while I was gone; I'd like to make up for that.”
That day, John noticed that Sherlock was acting a little bit weird, more than usual. He acted as if he was nervous, but what on Earth could he be so nervous about?
"Really well, John, really well", said the detective with the corner of his lips slightly turned upwards. John, too, smiled with triumph.
"You don't want Donovan to insult you, eh?" said the doctor. The woman was always saying such horrible things about Sherlock and, John knew that even if the detective did not show it, those things affected him.
John clearly VERY confused asked "wait, who said anything about flatmates?" "Well" began explaining the man while putting his coat and scarf on "I told Mike this morning I needed a flatmate and now he comes here with you, a retired military who was in the army in Afghanistan not so long ago. Pretty obvious, tight? Well I must dash now. I have to go and see some bodies at the mortuary. I found a very nice flat in centre London, so I'll meet you at 7.00 p.m tomorrow".
Sherlock actually felt bad with himself for wanting to smoke: he felt like he was letting his best friend down, and therefore, losing the chances to date him some day. Besides that, the detective still felt the urge to smoke and decided to use his best weapon; he gave John a look with puppy eyes and, trying to calm down said
"And?" inquired the detective, amazed at his flat mate, who even though missing the most important things was doing very good and looked very adorable while trying to deduce.
He felt even worse when he thought about how he was pushing john, his best friend and flat mate, away... He was hurting him and he knew that, but he couldn't help it.
"How can we not know?!" he said raising his voice this time.
"Impressive. But who would do that to a poor 19-year-old?", asked John.
After that, he went to Lestrade. Sherlock knew he would also be finishing his shift, so he waited for him at the parking lot. It was dark in there so Greg didn’t notice his presence, until when he was about to light his cigarette and he saw him approaching him and saying
"mmmh. Good morning" he said, with a hoarse voice, still a little bit sleepy even though he had woken up earlier.
"I know", said the detective with a tiny smile on his face.
"No cases for today either?", she asked a bit worried for his sake, but Sherlock didn't reply; he just sighed and plopped dramatically on the sofa.
"About what", responded the detective, who was now sitting on his armchair looking directly at the doctor's eyes.
But he got no response. Instead, Sherlock picked up his violin and started playing. John sat on his armchair and listened to him, with his eyes closed. After a while, though, the doctor started to feel tired so he went to his room to have some sleep.
Sherlock hadn't had any sleep the previous night; he just played violin. He needed to distract himself from all those thoughts about his feelings, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't. When John left the apartment, Sherlock stopped playing violin and went to his room where he laid on his bed, with his eyes closed. Then, suddenly, he felt a lump on his throat and for the first time in years, he cried. Sherlock Holmes cried. 'I must be able to keep myself distant... to divorce myself from... feelings.' He started thinking 'But my body is betraying me...' he continued to think, now smiling sadly. Sherlock most definitely didn't want to keep feeling that way.
Sherlock instinctively looked at John, who was staring back. Both of them were thinking about what Neil Just said. He never told Jane he loved her and now, it could be too late for him now. Both men smiled sadly at each other, and they stayed like that, just staring and smiling at each other for a few seconds, until they went back to reality. They cleared their throats, clearly uncomfortable, since Neil had seen it all, and Sherlock said
CHAPTER 4
The two men got dressed and, holding hands, they got out to the street to hail a cab. However, once they were outside, the doctor let go of Sherlock's hand.
“Thank you, for everything you did for me, Molly”
"John, this may be a danger night."
Unfortunately, the drunk guy survived, they managed to pull him out, but when they put the fire out and examined the parked car, whose body do they find? Charlie Anderson's, the son, who had been dead there for a whole week before the crash!"
The army doctor hailed a cab and on his way to 221B he thought about what Donovan just told him: that Sherlock was a psychopath. Sure he's different, but a psychopath?' thought John to himself.
They arrived to the crime scene, where Sally Donvan greeted both the detective and the doctor with disgust, but neither of them gave it a lot of importance. They went upstairs to see the body of a woman. Sherlock started examining it, looking for evidence and after a while he asked for her suitcase and when Lestrade told him there was no suitcase when they found the woman and, out of the blue Sherlock screamed "Brilliant" Oh, clever!" and left the room, with a very confused John and Lestrade.
"Sherlock, you know that I'm here for you, right? If you need to talk or anything you can just-" his sentence was interrupted by the detective
"For god's sake Sherlock! Because I love you!"
After a long while of staring at his very handsome and talented flat mate, the doctor realized how late it was and decided to go to get some sleep. Before that, though, John said
Both men kept on walking until they arrived to the University's laboratory, they entered in and John looked at his surroundings "Wow. Not very different from my day!". Looking around him, he saw a man sitting in front of a microscope, examining something. The man asked Mike for his phone but John's friend claimed that it didn't have battery so John offered the still unknown to him man his phone, "Thank you" said the man. Mike then intervened introducing John "This is an old friend of mine: John Watson" and out of the blue, without looking up from the borrowed phone he was using, the man said "Afghanistan or Iraq?" shocked and confused Watson asked "I'm sorry, what?" The man sighed and told him "You heard me well: which one was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?" .  The man had now stood up and was looking straight into John's eyes, waiting for an answer. John looked at him, he had dark curly hair, very prominent cheekbones and the most beautiful eyes he had ever seen: they were a mix of green, blue and grey. "Afghanistan" replied John nervously. 'How could he possibly know about that?' thought John, when again, all of the sudden the man asked "How do you feel about violin?" John, frowned, and confused asked "sorry, what?" "The violin,  I play it sometimes, it helps me to think and also, I can spend several days without talking. Would that bother you? I just thought that flatmates should know eachother's flaws" the man answered.
"What? Why?" asked John chuckling. But Sherlock didn't reply, he just stood up and headed to their room (John had moved into the detective's room a couple of months ago), leaving a very confused Watson in the living room. 'What the hell has gotten into him?' started thinking the doctor to himself. At that exact moment Sherlock came back, but he didn't sit on his armchair, he just stood in fron of his boyfriend and said
"John, wait." Said Mycroft. John looked back and saw that the detective's brother indicated him to go into his office again. John nodded and did. He sat down. Mycroft was looking at him with, again, concern in his eyes.
Sherlock started to walk away mad and embarrassed, leaving the doctor behind realizing how he just hurt Sherlock. He was not embarrassed of him but all that was new for him. Still, that was not an excuse and he had upset his boyfriend for no reason at all 'what the fuck is wrong with me?!' he thought to himself. He then walked as fast as he could to Sherlock, turned him around, grabbed him by his jacket and pressed his lips against his.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"I need a case!" he screamed
"No, but then I never am." He said sadly. John had never seen Mycroft so concerned and sad... He had had to deal with Sherlock's addiction many times in the past.
"Well, none of that matters anymore. All it matters is right here, right now".
"He has been clean for a year now, but I am afraid that, after what you told me, he might go back to his old habits".
Greg and John's eyes opened wildly at the lack of respect from Sherlock
Both men continued to stare at each other for a long time. Sherlock moved a little closer to John and bent down a little. Their noses were practically touching. They stayed like that for several minutes until the detective took a deep breath and staring into the doctor's eyes said in a barely audible voice
"Goodbye Sherlock".
"Why?" she would ask, then. The woman knew that there was something that John needed to get out of his chest, something he needed to say, to scream, to let out, but for some reason, he continued to keep to himself; she never pressured him to say it, though.
He scooted a little closer and allowed his mouth to take the place of his hand. He didn't kiss him, he just stared at him; he was breathtakingly beautiful. John ran his hand through the detective's curls, and when their eyes met, he could see the hunger and desire in the taller man's eyes. The doctor knew that Sherlock was not going to stop him, he even looked kind of desperate, as if he was begging for John to keep touching him.
CHAPTER 1
They managed somehow to stand up, without breaking their kiss, and walk into Sherlock's room, where the taller man took John's jumper and t-shirt off. The detective saw the scar on his best friend shoulder and kissed it, gently.
"No, he was not". Everyone in the room looked rather confused at the detective. What could he possibly be talking about? Finally John was able to speak and plainly asked
"Are you joking?!" said David in a very loud voice, clearly nervous and angry.
John was at the morgue talking to Molly, who became a close friend of the doctor when Sherlock died, when out of the blue the woman asked
The doctor decided to let it go and enjoy the book he was reading while Sherlock was doing an experiment in the kitchen. He looked at the detective, without him noticing, and smiled at the sight of the man he was wearing those security glasses and his brown dressing gown and he was experimenting with some eyes. Strangely, or not, John found it adorable when his boyfriend was experimenting, even if it was with human body parts.
"You found what?" said Lestrade, pissed because he was not understanding what was going on.
"Sherlock, are you okay? You've been acting quite strange since yesterday..." his sentence was interrupted by the detective
Once he took it off, the doctor smiled at the sight of the detective; he really was handsome. Their lips found each other again and, not much after, both men were on the bed, kissing passionately and exploring each other's bodies, trying to memorize every single detail of what had happened during the last few hours.
Mrs. Hudson asked "What are you on about?". The slender man looked up from the microscope, again, thrilled, and screamed "Clostridioum Botilinum! One of the deadliest poisons on Earth!"
Sherlock kept on playing violin for several hours, not caring about what time it was nor if John could hear him from his room. He just felt the imperial need to keep on playing to keep his thoughts aside. But it didn't really work; his mind was all over the place, asking questions that he might never get the answers to.
"Well Sherlock, that is a very nice piece, never heard it before."
The doctor looked at his now boyfriend and tried his best not to laugh; he was so smart yet there were many simple things that he did not know. Finally, after a while of laughing at Sherlock, John took pity on him after his fifth threat of throwing the bloody machine out the window
on his chair, behind his desk.
"John" said Sherlock
"Okay... Do you want something to eat for breakfast?" John inquired while looking for something edible to eat. But Sherlock simply replied that he was not hungry and went back to playing his violin.
"Nothing it's just that I think that at the crime scene we have to act professionally..."
"What about him?" asked Mycroft with a bit of concern in his voice.
"and so is the future" Sherlock got a little closer to John, who stil was not understanding what was going on
When the detective and the doctor arrived to Jane's room they knocked on the door and went in, where Jane was laying in the hospital bed in a coma, they also found the man, sitting in one of those uncomfortable chairs, holding Jane's hand and with red and swollen eyes, from all the crying. He clearly hadn't moved from there in hours and he had had no rest either.
"Mycroft, please!" he steadied himself, took a deep breath and said again "Please. I need to go back."
After spending the morning watching, again, some crap telly, John started getting dressed, he decided to wear simple jeans and his favorite gray jumper; he finally grabbed his cane, hailed a cab to go to 221B Baker street. Once he arrived, he paid the taxi driver and saw that Sherlock had already arrived and was waiting for him in front of the door. "Oh, hey mr. Holmes" said the army doctor "Sherlock please" replied the detective. They reached the door when a woman opened it to greet them both with a huge smile on her face "Oh, hello Sherlock!" she said "Mrs. Hudson, this is John Watson" said the detective pointing at John "Nice to meet you dear!" Mrs. Hudson said hugging John who replied "Yeah, you too!". They went upstairs to see the flat, Sherlock was so excited that he went up the stairs two at a time, having to wait for John, who was having some difficulties because of the limp. Both men entered into the flat. John looked at his surroundings and noticed it already had furniture and lots of what seemed scientific materials (microscopes and such). "This coud be really nice. Very nice indeed" said John, still looking at his surroundings "Yes. These are my thoughts precisely". Sherlock, looked very happy with it. Both men spoke at the same time "I got my eye on this apartment a few weeks ago and since I liked it so much, I decided to move in." said Sherlock just when John inquired "Well, once we get rid of this rubbish, we could make out of this a nice place to live I guess." The army doctor's face turned all red of embarrassment and he just said chuckling "Oh, well, I'm sorry." The detective just smiled slightly and said "It's okay, I guess I could straighten things up a bit...".
Mot much after Sherlock put his violin down and turned the TV on. For his surprise, there was a classical music concert playing. He smiled, turned to John, who was sitting on his armchair and asked in a barely audible voice
"Eeeeeeeeh. Nope" said the detective, who was now reading a magazine. The doctor just stared at him with a sad look on his eyes and went back to reading the newspaper.
After a few seconds, John pressed his lips on Sherlock's again. John pried his lips open and grazed Sherlock's lower lip with his tongue, asking for entrance, which was gladly guaranteed by the detective. They both explored the other's mouth until they broke the kiss, gasping for air.
"It's wrong" he paused briefly "Everything else is perfectly ordered, managed. Almost verging on OCD"
Mycroft's glare was concerned and sad. The doctor started to sweat nervously and to be a little scared.
"John, you have to take them. They will help you..." she would say, with a little smile.
"Yes. God, yes!"
"I'm bored!"
John stood up and started pacing around the flat; nothing had changed since he left. Mrs. Hudson hadn't dared to clean the flat nor rent it. Then, all of the sudden John heard it, he heard his voice. It couldn't be right, it couldn't be him, no.
John stared at Sherlock for a little while and, all of the sudden, he embraced Sherlock into a very tight hug, getting lost in his scent and warmth. He was back and he loved him. He didn't want that moment to end.
"It was your birthday Mr. Anderson, of course you were disappointed that Charlie, your son, couldn't make it back from his gap year." Started explaining the detective.
CHAPTER 14
Not much later, Sherlock decided to finally go back to Baker Street. When he arrived, he couldn’t help but staring at the door for a while; ‘221B’ he thought with a smile forming on his lips ‘home’.
After a few minutes, she left the apartment to "give the boys some privacy".
The doctor couldn't believe what he had just said; he had just confessed his feeling to Sherlock. Hi could feel his heart expanding in his chest as it heated faster than ever.
"Well, John, I have to go, thanks for tonight, I had a lot of fun! Good night"
After a few seconds of silence, the doctor finally said
Mrs. Hudson was doing the dishes when, suddenly, she heard the front door opening. The woman grabbed the pan she was washing and prepared to go out to see who was sneaking into the flat. Once she opened the door she couldn’t believe her eyes. After her initial shock, she started screaming waving her hands frantically in the air
Sherlock's eyes opened wildly. Did he hear that right? Did John Watson just admit that he was in love with him? His cheeks were now burning red and he felt the butterflies in his stomach wanting to get out of their cage.
“No, I really mean it, thank you”
Not much later, they were at a little book shop, where a 28-year-old woman had been seriously injured during a robbery. Everything developed as usual; Lestrade would tell them the facts about the victim; John would examine the body, the Sherlock did the same thing and finally, they went to interrogate people who were close to the victim, whose name was Jane Miller.
Sherlock was not really an emotional person so when he felt such strong feelings like the ones he was experiencing at that moment, the only way he found to express them was to play violin. So that's what he did; he couldn't even look at John because it hurt him. It hurt him to know that his love wouldn't be reciprocated. It hurt him to ignore John and see the concern on his face, but he couldn't talk to him; he just couldn't... 'Sentiment' thought Sherlock to himself smiling sadly 'What a waste of time.' However, the detective couldn't help but to feel a hollow inside him. He had always felt it but learnt to live with it; now, however..., it intensified... His head was being ruled by his emotions right now; he couldn't think clearly; he was overwhelmed by his own emotions. He had never felt like this before... He was beside himself.
The taller man didn't reply, he just nodded slightly.
Sherlock just inhaled deeply and started throwing all of his papers away, looking for cigarettes. The doctor couldn't help it but smile a little, he was a crazy man sometimes but after all, it was the crazy man he had feelings for.
Then, the taller man put his hand, softly, under John's chin and closed the gap between their mouths.
"It's Sherlock. How will we ever know what goes on in that head?" the woman replied with a little smile on her face. John smiled back, and finished his breakfast quietly.
"I differ with you because, even if right here and right now obviously matter, the past is very important..." he paused for a while. John looked very confused. What was he talking about? The detective looked quite nervous, but why? He inhaled deeply and kept on talking
He stood up, picked his violin, went to the window, and started playing a sad lament.
Sherlock fell to his knees, sobbing without control. John remained silent. Sometimes silence was all they needed. The doctor approached the slender man, who was now on the floor, tears rolling down his cheeks. He was more in love with Sherlock than he remembered. The two men were now just a few inches apart from each other. Sherlock looked abnormally confused, he didn't understand what was going on, but he didn't complain. He just remained there, observing John's face and trying to memorize every single inch of it, when suddenly, the doctor leaned to kiss Sherlock. Their lips moved in unison; it was a soft and brief kiss, but long enough to say all of those things they had always wanted to say but never had, a kiss that said 'I love you'. Both men parted and remained there, just looking into each other's eyes.
"Sherlock! You have been disappeared for weeks! What on Earth has gotten into you?! You could at least reply to my messages!" and just when he finished his sentence he saw the two men sitting on the couch holding hands, smiled like a proud dad and said, lowering his voice this time
When the food was ready, they sat and ate in silence; not an uncomfortable silence, though. Once they finished, John washed the dishes and Sherlock sat on the couch, where minutes after the doctor would sit as well.
"A bloody head!" said John, not being able to contain his anger.
"Yes. I guess I do" responded the doctor smiling sadly. Mycroft smiled back and said
"If anyone can throw any light into all this darkness, surely it will be you" David was now smiling sadly. Sherlock smiled back, stood up and started pacing around the room until he stopped in front of a little table placed next to a bug window.
The detective prepared himself a cup of tea and sat on his black armchair. Sherlock felt really sad at the sight of John’s empty chair in front of him; and for the first time I years he felt insecure ‘what if John doesn’t want to see me?’ thought Sherlock to himself. He was afraid of how the doctor would react to his return from the dead. He had not cared at all about how others would react to it, but when it came to John… it was different; he was afraid that he could not want to see him again. ‘Sentiment’ started thinking to himself the detective ‘dammit’.
They hailed a cab and went straight to the local swimming pool where Donovan greeted them "The freak and John are going in!" she said to the other officers. John hated how Donovan treated Sherlock, who didn't seem to care at all about the woman insulting him, but every time the army doctor heard Donovan's words... he felt furious.
“Nice to see you Graham” Lestrade couldn’t believe that he still didn’t remember his name.
Once they had reached the murderer and arrested him, they went back to their flat, gasping from air from all the running they did. Both, consulting detective and army doctor headed to their rooms to get some rest and while getting changed John realized something: he had forgotten his cane at Angelo's restaurant. He got into the sheets and a huge smile covered his face. For the first time in years he felt... alive. And all of it thanks to the great world's only consulting detective Sherlock Holmes.
"Stay a little longer, please" said the detective, almost whispering. John finally gave up and they both stayed in bed cuddling for a little longer, listening to their heart beats; he tightened his grip around Sherlock's waist.
"It's worth letting him do this"
Not much after, John came downstairs and sighed sadly at the sight of his flat mate; he couldn't stand seeing him moping around and in such a miserable state...
“Hi, Mrs. Hudson” said he taller man hugging her back.
"Not dead. Not. Dead" John's anger was growing every time more; he was livid. The detective, however, remained silent so John kept on talking
"Good night" said John.
"Our respects" said the doctor a bit uncomfortable, but that didn't stop the detective from keep on talking
"No?"
"Come on Sherlock! You were doing so well, don't give up now..."
When they arrived, Sherlock started to play violin and John watched him. He loved it when the detective played violin, he looked more relaxed, more... human. It was majestic.
Once he got in there, he started to remember everything: their first case together, their afternoons drinking tea silently, Sherlock shooting the wall or playing violin...
Trying to hold back his tears, and chuckling sadly said
"Sherlock, I just told you, we can't-" his sentence was interrupted by the detective
When they were done at Scotland Yard, the detective and the doctor hailed a cab to go home and on their way back to 221B, both men were feeling blue because of the case that had just been solved; a man who was secretly in love with his best friend, never told her because he was too afraid and now it was too late for him.
He kept immerse in his thoughts until he heard John calling him "Sherlock?" "Sorry, what?" asked the detective "What are you going to order?" "Oh. Just some spaghetti and water for me, please" said Sherlock, a bit embarrassed for not noticing that the waiter and John were talking to him.
"The gap. Look at the gap" he said as if everyone knew what he was talking about. Before anyone was able to say something, he proceeded
"Yes, please" he replied.
John was shocked for a few seconds 'did he just say please?' but he went back to reality and replied
After a while listening to Sherlock playing his violin, thinking about how there was no way that his friend could reciprocate his feelings, John couldn't help it but to burst into tears. He cried his heart out until he fell asleep.
"Yeah, what about them?" wanted to know John.
Minutes after Sherlock suddenly got up from the sofa, looked straight into his flat mates' eyes and said
"I... I did it for you John... If I didn't jump, one of Moriarty's workers would have killed you..."
As soon as he finished talking with Mycroft, Sherlock went to St. Barts Hospital.
"Come on, go on" insisted Sherlock.
The detective rolled his eyes and sighed. He hated this kind of talk, he didn't like talking about his feelings
The detective was totally focused on what he was doing. He was sure that those trainers were the key to solve the murder 'but how?'started thinking to himself 'Why would the shoes be in a trash can? Did Holden throw them away? Impossible. How can a pair of shoes be related to the boy's murder?'. The detective kept examining minutely the shoes with the microscope while John kept pacing around the room for several minutes until Sherlock finally looked up from the microscope, directly at John, and told him "Go on, then".
A/N: THIS IS STILL BASED ON THE EPISODE 3, SEASON 1 OF SHERLOCK, THE BBC SERIE THE GREAT GAME.
"I'm going to see Lestrade" plainly replied the detective while putting on his trench coat and scarf.
Next morning, Sherlock woke up and smiled a little bit when he remembered that john had stayed with him until he fell asleep. He felt slightly happier that day but there was still that hollow inside him.
"Walking through the dressing room I noticed that Marty had the same bag as Holden, so they went to the same Highschool - both bags had the same Highscool logo -. Marty was not a very popular boy. He was probably what people like to call "a nerd", since a poison like the one he used, wouldn't have been used by anyone... And seeing that no lockers near him were occupied confirms my thesis that Marty was not someone who people wanted to be friends with; while lockers near Holden Byers were all taken, sometimes even shared so that they didn't have to be near Reed, so he was a popular boy, people wanted to be around him... Marty wanted to feel integrated in the popular group but they kept on rejecting him. That same day, Marty attempted again to be in their group and somehow, Holden Byers mocked him, making Marty feel like he was nothing, so as a revenge, he introduced that same morning the poison in Holden's medicine meticulously calculating the time it would take for the poison to take effect so that it coincided with the moment Holden would be in the pool swimming. Then, the poison would start working and, therefore, paralyzing Holden Byers' muscles and making him drown, so it all looked like an accident."
John came back from his walk and saw Sherlock asleep on the couch. He smiled and sat on his armchair, where he spent several minutes looking at his asleep friend; he looked so innocent, so relaxed... His lips were slightly parted, his long eyelashes were now on his prominent cheekbones, and his curls were falling on his smooth and pale forehead.
The doctor tried to avoid eye contact, since he felt a little embarrassed by asking that and also, because he was afraid of Sherlock rejecting him. However, the detective, with a little smile on his face, said
"I'm sorry I didn't stop him, Sherlock! He said it was important!" and when she looked at the two men, that still were with their fingers tangled said
"Boring!"
"No."
"How did you know, Molly?" the woman just smiled a little bit and said
"That my dear Watson, is a very good question." John blushed a little when he heard 'my dear Watson' but it didn't last long because Sherlock carried on with his deductions.
"What? Sherlock? Heartbreak? But he is not like that. He doesn't feel things that way. I think."
Guys I really want to thank you for all the support I am receiving! I am so glad to see that you  are enjoying the fanfic!
"Yes. But he quit a few months ago. Why are you asking?"
John gave Sherlock a warm smile and he swore that he saw the detective blush
After a few months, both men were still together, as happy as ever.
Here's Chapter 6. Hope y'all enjoy it!!!
"Erm, I have no idea of how to dance..." But the detective didn't seem to care about tha fact that John didn't know how to dance, he simply said
"You've already heard me, Sherlock", replied John looking down at his feet with flushing red cheeks. The detective, though, didn't respond to that. He just stood there looking at John, with a frown, clearly confused. How could someone as great as John love him? How was he supposed to react? He couldn't think clearly; he was, somehow, paralyzed and as much as he wanted to, he found that he was not able to express how he was feeling; he was too shocked to even speak. So he just stood there, in front of John, whose face saddened when Sherlock didn't say anything.
John sat down to eat the breakfast. Sherlock looked over his shoulder for a while and saw that Mrs. Hudson and the doctor were talking but he couldn't get what they were saying, so he went back to his initial position.
"What the-? Sherlock?". His mouth hung open. The detective nodded and took a few steps closer to where the doctor was standing, with a shy smile on his face and said
"It's a head..." murmured the doctor. "A severed head in our bloody fridge" said the doctor loudly.
Both, detective and doctor, looked into each other's eyes, feeling as happy as ever. Then, after a while of staring at each other and gasping for air, they sat on the couch.
John looked at the time, it was 5.10 a.m, and he was getting trouble to sleep, he decided to get up and watch some crap telly. He then started thinking that he needed to find a job as soon as possible if he wanted to be able to pay rent... Since he was a doctor in the army, he may work as a doctor as well in London.
"The Clever Game, nice"
After a few more hours Lestrade, John and Sherlock left home. The Detective Inspector, said goodbye to the two men and went to Scotland Yard, while the consulting detective and the doctor hailed a cab and went back to 221B.
'Oh John, what have you done to me?' Thought to himself the detective with a big smile plastered on his face. He closed his eyes again, enjoying that moment.
CHAPTER 11
John, who was beginning to get a little angry and tense, asked "So, is that it?" The man simply replied "Is that what?" "Well, we don't know anything about each other, I don't even know the place we are going to be meeting nor your bloody name!" said John, a little bit louder than he intended to. The man stopped in front of the door and deduced almost everything about John's life, leaving him speechless. Once he was done, he opened the door but before he left he turned around and said "The name's Sherlock Holmes and the adress is 221B Baker Street. Afternoon!" shutting the door behind him.
Not much after, they were at Lestrade's office, explaining him how the crime had been committed. Turns out that Jane had been injured by one of her ex-boyfriends: Josh Thompson; as a revenge for leaving him a few months ago. He went to Jane's shop to try, again, to take her back but she, of course rejected him and this caused the man to get furious and not to be able to control his actions; this way, he attacked Jane. When he realized what he was doing, she was laying unconscious on the floor, he panicked - because he thought she was dead -, and ran away, explained the detective.
"For god's sake Sarah! I don't like Sherlock! We are just friends!" answered the doctor, almost screaming. "Oh, John come on! You talked about Sherlock almost all the time, and I've read your blog... It's pretty obvious" she said chuckling:
It was winter, so the black grave was covered in white snow ohn was telling Sherlock about his day and how tedious it had been... After that, he mentioned that he felt ready to visit the apartment they used to share; 221B, Baker Street; and he was going to do that the following day.
"John"
"So, I guess that what I am trying to say is..." the detective said pulling out a little ring box from his dress gown and kneeling in front of his boyfriend
Sherlock's cheeks rose in colour and his cupid bow lips twitched upwards. John smiled too, relieved that both, the detective and the doctor himself, had finally confessed their feelings, even if it was not with words, they both knew what that kiss meant.
"Okay, and how long have you two been dating?"
Sherlock shook his head, inhaled deeply, and continued talking
Lestrade's explanation was interrupted by Sherlock rolling his eyes and saying
"Did I just make the stoic, supposed to be an emotionless machine, world's only consulting detective, Sherlock Holmes, blush?" said the doctor now hugging the taller man from behind
"I love you too, John"
Their lips found each other again and both men thought about how much they wanted that, how long they had waited and how much they had suffered to finally get there. They were living that moment to its full potential.
The doctor asked Sherlock if he wanted anything for dinner but he refused. He hadn't eaten anything since the day before... But John let it go.
"So tell me, John, what is it that brought you here?" asked the detective's brother.
"Yes. Tea would be nice"
CHAPTER 13
That way, after a few minutes at the crime scene, the two men headed to the hospital to ask some questions to one of Jane's best friends: Neil Lee.
"Mr. Holmes, please!" said David impatient to know what happened to his son.
John tried to look away but it was too late: Sherlock saw that he had been staring. His face was now burning red of embarrassment. He coughed uncomfortably, and clearly nervous and started reading the newspaper to hide his embarrassment. Sherlock just smiled a little bit.
