“Can you walk?” Dean looked concerned. Waiting on the illusion to end and the empty to begin mocking him again.
. Dude. Bye.” Blinking a few times Sam leaves quickly, scarred at the image. When he finally makes it to the bathroom all thoughts of releasing himself leaves with his brother. No matter how horny he was or whatever he was doing, his brother seeing him like that always put a damper on things.
“Fine. We’ll stop at the next exit, wake up your brother and make sure that he doesn’t have to go too.”
Dean woke up feeling more refreshed than yesterday, probably because he was holding his favorite person in his arms. He kissed the top of his angels head before saying “Good morning angel.” “Dean, I’m concerned about Sam, he seemed a little down last night. And when I read his mind all I could see was a curly dark haired lady and a dog. Did he have a dog?” He sighed as he sat up “No, there was a girl named Amelia and he met her because he ran over a dog. Amelia is a vet, they fell in love and blah blah blah. Poor Sam’s love life was ruined all because of me. All this happened when we were stuck in purgatory. He was going to go back to her but he decided against it. Well it wasn’t all my fault, she was married. Anyways it’s a long story but Sam’s always had a thing for dogs though. Maybe we should get him one, even though I hate dogs. It’ll make him happy though so later we should find one for him. Nothing crazy though, something small like a beagle.” Cas smiled at Dean, he was so caring and sweet. “I can get one now, if you like.” Dean shook his head, “No, I told you I don’t want you to waste your grace, besides it’ll be fun. We can make a day out of it.” He kissed the top of Cas’s head again before getting up to get dressed. As he walked outside towards the kitchen he noticed the smell of bacon. “Sammy?!” he shouted as he walked towards the smell. There was a note next to a plate of bacon and some biscuits that read Went for a run, no need to check GPS or anything. Be back in 2 hours tops. Enjoy the breakfast. Sam.  “Cas, Sam went running so we have awhile to get the dog. I’m going to get some grub first though.” Cas nodded his agreement as sat next to Dean. They ate in silence while playing with each other’s feet under the table. He hummed in contentment, this was the life. Now the only thing he had to worry about was Sam being happy too. After searching online a bit he found a pet store they could check out, and wrote down the address. Meanwhile he texted Sam to let him know that Cas and him were going on a run and would be back before dark. When they got to the pet store the angel immediately went towards the Guinea pigs. All the little rodents squeaked and chittered in delight as the angel held two of the fatter cuddlier ones. “Dean, look. They’re communicating that they enjoy my presence.” He chuckled, “That’s nice Cas. Can you actually understand them though?” The angel put the two he held down and picked up two more before turning to the hunter and saying “Yes, I can communicate with anything and everything. I also speak every language, including the dead ones.” Looking at the angel with complete aw and amazement he pulled on the other man’s hips before kissing him right there in the middle of the store. The guinea pigs squeaked beneath them reminding them of where they were, they both pulled away reluctantly before heading over to where the dogs were located. “Look a beagle, you did say a beagle. Correct?” Dean shook his head yes and moved towards the dogs. The puppy actually, it was small and had big ears. It was undoubtedly cute, but he wasn’t sure they could always take care of the small dog. Having an animal was a huge responsibility and they weren’t always home, of course they could take the dog with them. “This one is a good fit for Sam, he is loyal and loving.” The angel said as he undid the cage lock, careful to remove the puppy. “Say hi to Uncle Dean little puppy.” He smiled at the puppy as the dog wagged its tail in response, chewing on the angels fingers. “He will need some training of course, but I’m sure that will not be a problem for Sam.” Dean nodded and looked at the tag that read MALE/8 month’s old/100$. “100$ is way too much for a dog. There is no way it’s worth that much money. I’ve paid less for high class entertainment.” Oops maybe he shouldn’t talk about the adult entertainment he had watched in the past before he was with Cas. “It will be more than worth it, besides can’t you use one of the fake credit cards you have?” Dammit, the angel was right, he couldn’t put a price on his brother’s happiness. “Fine, but we need to get a carrier. I don’t want him peeing all over the backseat. Dog food too, and a collar. Hell we might as well buy the whole damn store. Who knew dogs cost so much?” “Can we get a Guinea pig as well Dean? Please please please??” He should have known that he would be roped into buying more than one pet here today. “Okay fine, but you’re only getting one.” Cas frowned, “They’re social animals, if they remain alone it is likely for them to become depressed and unhealthy. Please? I’ll take care of them and I’ll make sure to get two females so they won’t reproduce.” Squeezing his eyes shut he thought about all the animals they would have in the house, “And what do you suppose we do when we leave to work on a case? Hmm? We can take a dog with us but we can tote rodents around everywhere.” When he opened his eyes he saw that Cas had been spending way too much time around Sam because here in the middle of the pet store he was looking up at him with big blue eyes. “Dammit Cas. Fine. But how are we going to take care of them when we’re working a case?? Hmm??” He looked very determined when he replied with a hint of sarcasm “I’m an angel, I can provide for their needs wherever I may be at the moment, and it won’t ‘waste my grace’ as you say.” The angel had an answer for everything, he was determined to get his way. They walked around gathering what they needed, a collar, leash, dog food, rodent food, shavings, and two cages. One cage for the dog and one for the rodents. The lady at the counter looked amused as she rang up all their items, “New pet?” Dean nodded and swiped his card, 250$ was just blown on pets. Pets. Jesus what had he become? A suburban husband, next they’d be buying a house and having kids. Wait they couldn’t have kids. He frowned at that, he wanted to have kids with his angel. They would find a way, someday, but not any day soon. “Come on, lets leave before you convince me to buy any other animals.” He called Sam to ask if he was home yet, “Hello? Hey you home yet? You’re still running? Jesus, you going for a marathon? Yeah, yeah whatever, I’ll see you for dinner, I’m making some spaghetti, so don’t be late.” When he gave Cas a thumbs up he unlocked the door and set up the surprise they bought for the youngest hunter. When it was done, the beagle had a blue bow on its head and was sleeping in the bed they had purchased. Plaid, how fitting for a member of the Winchester family. “Come on babe, you can help me cook dinner.” Picking up one of the aprons he tied it around his waist ignoring the pink frills around the hem. Dean was wearing a pink apron and dammit if he didn’t look sexy. He smiled as he was handed a yellow apron with bees on it, “How’d you know I liked bees?” he asked. The older Winchester only grinned at him, “I was there when you collected honey and wanted to become a beekeeper remember? I bought it after I escaped purgatory, I saw the bees and I knew you would uh like it.” “I love you Dean.” Blushing he nodded before he said “I love you more Cas.” When they were done cooking they set the table hearing footsteps come from the front door. “Dean? Cas? You guys home?” “In here!” They had hid the dog in their room until later. “How was your daily dose of physical torture?” “Dean, some people actually enjoy exercising. It’s good for stress relief and it’s healthy for you.” Waving a hand to dismiss what his brother was saying he handed him a fixed plate of spaghetti. “Salad?” The only reply he gave him was a point of his finger towards the bowl filled with the green leaves. The dressing was set beside it with a single plate for Sam. “Aw you do care!” “Shut up. Bitch.” Smirking he held his boyfriends hand when he laughed at his brothers predictable “Jerk” response. “Careful Sammy, you keep up that kind of attitude and we won’t show you what we got at the store today.” Cas spoke with a grin, “Yes it was quite delightful indeed, you won’t want to miss it.” “Uh guys, I’m supportive and all but I don’t want to see any weird sex toys you guys bought, okay?” Dean rolled his eyes “No you dumbass. Never mind. You’ll see later.” Shrugging he finished eating his dinner, before saying “Whatever, loser.” When they finished eating the younger Winchester held out his hands expectedly and waited, “Well? What did you buy today that is so important you have to show me?” Cas stood up and held up a finger “Wait one minute, okay?” “Fine, whateverrrr.” The beagle was yipping in the angels arms and wagging his tail, excited that he was being held. This is a lovely home, I can’t wait to pee everywhere to let my fellow dogs know it is mine! He chuckled at what the puppy said, “No, no little buddy Sam will train that out of you in no time. You are only to pee outside when you are being walked okay??” It wagged its tail in response. “Oh my god, did you guys buy a dog? A puppy none the less? Dean you hate dogs, why on earth would you ever buy one?” “Well it’s not ours, we bought him for you. Accessories included. Dog bed, collar, leash, and the whole nine. Hell I even bought Cas some Guinea pigs. Anything to make the people I love happy. Can it.” Sam smiled at his brother before walking over to the puppy. “Hi little buddy, you’re adorable aren’t you? What should we call you? Hmmm. How about buster? No. Harry? We’re gonna call you Harry.” “Seriously man? Harry? Like from When Harry met Sally? Come on!” Dean yelled as he looked at the dog. “No he looks like a micjagger. Or a Stevie Knicks. Something badass not a name from a lame romcom.” The ungrateful little bastard bit him, I guess he liked being named after a romcom. Or he was teething. “Looks like little Harry likes his name, don’t you boy? Yes you do!” Ugh baby talking to dogs really? Oh well, his brother was finally happy. “I don’t know why you’re making fun of it Dean, it’s actually a lot like you and Cas’s story. Watch it.” The older Winchester didn’t have to he had already seen it years ago, “Can it. And go cuddle with your dog.” Harry. Who names their dog a human name? Sam, Sammy named dogs after humans. “Wait, hey Dean? Thanks man, I really do love him.” “No problem, now you can go running with Harry. That’ll help you pick up chicks alright. Nottt.” “Dean leave your brother alone, let’s go to sleep I’m feeling a little ‘tired’ if you know what I mean.” “Oh dude, gross. Get a room.” “Happily. Come on baby.” That night Dean and Cas made love slowly several times but the last time Dean stopped because he could hear the damn rodents chittering. “Cas make them shut up. I’m not comfortable with them watching us. It makes me feel dirty and used.” “Oh Dean, they’re animals they don’t care about us. They just like the movement and the sounds we make.” “Hmm, I like the sounds you make too baby. Especially when that sound is you screaming my name in that hoarse voice of yours.” Mmf, he could feel Cas’s hot mouth against his own sliding their lips together. He sucked the angel’s bottom lip into his own before sliding his tongue into the other man’s mouth oh fuck. Suddenly his tongue was being sucked on and he could feel hands wandering down towards his once again hard dick. He ran his hands down the angel’s chiseled chest and abs before grasping the huge cock he oh so loved. It turns out being with a man that he loved gave him more pleasure than any woman had ever given him. And right now he was being pleasured so well. Currently his dick was being fisted as his neck was being sucked on leaving mark after mark on him. Damn if it didn’t feel good too, he pulled on the soft black hair so he could kiss the chapped lips again. He slid their lips together and pushed his way into the other man’s mouth with his tongue. God, he would never get over how good he tasted. “God Cas. You really know how to get me going.” “Dean, why did you say my father’s name? Do I frequently yell out John when you make me feel good?” He sighed, “No Cas, it’s just a never mind. I won’t do it anymore.” “Okay-b” Sliding their mouths together once again to shut Cas up, he pulled on the angels legs trying to spread them apart. Making a trial down from the scruffy neck to the other mans chiseled chest he sucked mark after mark. Claiming his territory on the angel’s body. When he reached his hips he went even slower making sure to make the man below him write in pleasure and anxiety, eager for his dick to be touched by the hunter’s hot and wet mouth. “Dean, please-e” “Ah that’s what I was waiting on, come on baby talk dirty.” “Dean, you should show me some respect. I raised you from perdition and if you don’t stop teasing me I’m never going to raise anything of yours ever again.” “Come on baby don’t be that wayy. You can raise my dick just by speaking like that. I want to hear you scream my name in that deep sexy hoarse voice of yours.” He began to swirl his tongue around the tip of the leaking dick. “Deaan.” Bobbing his head he began to slowly take in the huge dick before humming against it when he heard his name being growled above him. Pulling his mouth off with a wet pop he moved his hand to begin stroking the dick below him as his mouth made its way towards the other man’s balls. Oh man this really threw Cas over the ledge because his yelling of “Dean” became a drawn out hoarse whisper. “Not yet baby, don’t cum just yet. I want to taste you.” Licking his way back up to the tip he took in all of the dick he could before swallowing on it to send the other man over the edge. His mouth was filled with hot cum and he loved the bitter and yet somehow sweet taste of his angel’s cum, he swallowed every last drop of it. “Fuck Dean. That was awesome.” “I’m glad you liked it, but we’re not done just yet. I’m still waiting for my turn to ride that sweet ass of yours, but we can wait. We have all the time in the world together.” Cas smiled at Dean and pulled the covers over the two of them before moving to lay on Deans chest, “Yes, we do.”
. I think it may be the effect of his missing grace or something. I don’t know, but whatever it is, I don’t like it.”
“Nor do I, silly angel, it’s far too weak to help me return to myself. Here, call it a parting gift. Now WAKE UP.”
After explaining what happened with Cas to Sam and Jack, Dean didn’t mention him again. His thoughts never stopped focusing on the image he had of the angel. Black emptiness had enveloped him and taken him away. Forever.
“Cas? I’m sorry. I’ve been trying to think of what to say, I don’t know what to say other than I’m sorry for being an inconsiderate dick. We can watch whatever movie you want.”
Good thing too. Was he about to jack off to the image of his best friend on top of him? No. No way. Although who could blame him? Cas was quiet a looker, dark hair complemented his tan skin nicely and
We can watch gay cowboy movies all day long and eat chocolate pie for breakfast lunch and dinner. I just want you to stay with me forever. Selfish as it sounds, because I’d rather have you cursed or not, remember? I want you whether you’re an angel, human, or whatever else the people upstairs decide they want you to be.
John hugs him one last time, inhaling deeply and smiling at the life he had wanted all along. When he pulls away he looks his son in the eyes and pats his face, “I’m proud of you Dean, I didn’t say as much as I damn near should have. But I mean it, you boys are my life, I should have seen that sooner. And you, Cas.”
Suddenly the red dot on his GPS blinked and disappeared. His phone lit up with a text, “On my way back. Be home soon.”
“I am so sorry, I had no idea and I just, uh. My brother and I are probably classified as alcoholics too but it comes and goes with the problems. My dad though, he was a terrible drunk. Thank god he didn’t take it on me, but I think sometimes he took it out on Dean. Of course, he never said so but I’d see the bruises and I’d know deep down.”
After Cas had drifted back to sleep he moved to where he was able to see the ex angel in the backseat, when he saw that he was having a nightmare all he wanted to do was crawl in the back and comfort him, but that would be weird. So instead he nudged him awake and told him it was just a nightmare, he knew that Cas had been dreaming about letting his siblings down, and it hurt him to see Cas blame himself like that. All of it was Metadicks fault, not Cas's, he decided that when the angel woke up he would talk to him about it. Chick flick moment be damned. Satisfied with his decision he tried to close his eyes and rest, in stead he was met with a nightmare of his own. They were back at the church and Sam finished the trials, but the gates didn't close. The only product of that was that his brother was dead lying next to the king of hell who actually looked remorseful. "Squirrel, I'm sorry. I don't know if it's the human juice talking but, I never wanted one of the Winchesters to perish like that. Truly awful. Any chance you can let me go now?" Even more pissed of than he was before he wiped the tears from his eyes and punched the dick in the jaw. "Shut up and bring him back. Now." "I-I can't. I'm human, remember?" Shit. He picked up his brothers body and brought him to the Impala, looking up he saw the angels falling. Cas must have done this. "Cas!" Cas wherever you are, I need you. Sammy's gone, and I just. Please man. Suddenly there was bright flash coming towards him, falling about ten feet in front of him was a broken up angel. Upon closer inspection he saw a tan trench coat and dark hair, "Cas!" Leaving his brothers body behind he ran towards the figure, "Dean, I heard your prayer. Take me to Sam, and I'll do what I can." "You're dying Cas. You'll die if you heal him." "Please Dean, let me do this for you." "No. I can't let you." "Can't or won't?" "Both." Cas was up now and was limping towards his brothers body. "No!" In his stomach he felt a burning pit trying to swallow him, if he lost the angel it surely would. When he reached them it was too late, the angels fingers were already on his brothers head. After he removed his fingers the angel fell to the ground next to the younger Winchester and groaned, "Dean. I'm sorry. I-I love" then he was dead. "No! Dammit Cas, I said don't and what do you do? You do it anyways. Selfish bastard. Can't you see I'm lost without you? I never even got to tell you that I love you. Please come back. Please" he was interrupted by Sam waking up and turning over to spit up blood and spasm. He rushed over to him but he was gone now too. All alone he cried out. He lost his brother and his best friend all in one night. "I love you Cas. I loved you" he held Cas in his arms and sobbed into the trench coat. "Dean?" waking up to the sound of the angels voice he shook away the nightmare. "What?" "You were screaming my name, are you okay?" "Fine Cas, just a bad dream." Daylight was breaking through the trees and adjusted the seat before getting out to stretch. "Why were you screaming my name though?" He shook his head "it's nothing, you can go back to sleep, I'm sorry I woke you up." "Dean. Please tell me." How could he tell him about his dream without revealing his true feelings? What true feelings, Cas was a dude. A fucking angel to be more exact and he did not have feelings for the dude. A hand gripped his shoulder, "Dean, I know when you're lying. Just tell me." "I tell you what why don't you tell me what was making you shake so hard a couple of hours ago and I'll tell you why I yelled out your name. Deal?" "Deal. You go first." "Uh-uh you go first, since you want to know so badly." "It was about the angels falling. They were angry with me, and to be honest I'm angry with myself. I can understand why they would be too. I don't deserve to be alive when my brothers and sisters are out there suffering and I'm here with you talking nonchalantly about dreams as if something horrible hasn't just happened." Wow, he was not expecting that. It made his nightmare seem like a run of the mill underwear case. "Cas, it's not your fault. You have to know that. You thought you were doing the right thing, we all did. Metatron tricked you, that's all. Nothing more, nothing less." "I don't agree but fine. Now tell me why you looked distressed while calling out my name." He sighed, this was going to be hard, maybe he could get away with telling half of it. "Sam had died, and the angels were falling and I prayed to you like I did last time, and you fell right in front of me, you were dying too because of the fall but you insisted on saving Sam and I told you not to but you did anyways and you died. Sam started to cough up blood before dying too and I was all alone and I just. I couldn't accept that you were dead too. So I started to call for you but you just laid there not breathing and then you woke me up." Cas was frowning and looked deep in thought, "It's not untrue, I would have done my best to save Sam but we don't have to worry about that. We're all alive." Nodding he rubbed his face before sitting on the hood of the car, Cas joined him and touched his knee. "Dean, I'm sorry about the dream but was that all?" "Yeah. Sorry for waking you up-." He was interrupted by his phone ringing, "Hello?" "Dean, you've been gone since yesterday afternoon come on already, this motel smells, and we've stayed at some pretty shitty ones in the past but this one sucks. I want to sleep in my own bed." "We're on our way." "Sam?" "Yeah he was calling to check in." "How's he feeling?" "Fine, he just needs sleep and fluids for a couple of weeks, and so do you. You can't go out in the world acting like a toddler unknowing how to act. So when we get home I'm going to show you what to eat and stuff. K?" For the first time in a long time he seen the angels face crack with a small smile, "What?" "You said home, I assume the bunker is my home now too?" "Duh?" Nodding he took the pillow from the front seat and curled up in the front seat to sleep. Cranking the impala he headed to get his brother. Half way there Cas woke up with a start. "Dean. Something is wrong." "What?" "I have this weird feeling in my stomach and my uh sexual organs seem to be wanting attention. I don't understand what is wrong with me?." Looking at Cas he saw that his pants were bunched up and he could see that Cas had a boner. Blushing he looked away, "Uh Cas it's called an erection you get them when you're attracted to something. That must have been some dream huh? As far as the stomach goes, your hungry. We'll stop in a bit and get some grub." "I was dreaming about being in the bunker with you Dean, I don't understand what that has to do with my penis." Cas was dreaming about him when he got the erection, somehow it made him feel good inside and he started to think about how just how big Cas was down there. Feeling his own dick become to get slightly hard he gritted his teeth. Sam. Sam. Sam and Ruby. Sam.Sam. Sam. Whew it was gone. "Um you're just happy is all it's nothing. Best thing to do to get rid of it in a situation like this is think of something you wouldn't want to see." "Oh I get it like mass genocide?" "No not like mass genocide, like for example I think of Sam because that's my brother and well its weird to have a boner when your thinking about your brother." "Oh okay. So I too should think of Sam?" "Whatever works man." He was doing his best to keep his eyes fixed on the road so he wouldn't turn any more red than he already was. "It's not working." "That's because Sam's not your brother, think of Metadouche or something." "I hate him. That should work. Okay." "Just do it, this is awkward to talk about man." "I'm sorry for making you uncomfortable Dean." Still not looking he nodded and continued to think of unattractive things. Baseball. Hairy guys. Vegetables. Salad. Jogging. "I think it worked, you can look at me now Dean." "I was just um paying attention to the road man. You good now?" "Yes, thank you." That was a close call, he thought maybe he would have to show him the real way to get rid of a boner, he wished he could. Dammit man stop thinking about your best friend like that you sicko. What would your father say? Probably would've called me a queer. There was nothing wrong with loving somebody who had saved him countless number of times and always looked at him as if the sun revolved around him, but thankfully he didn't have that problem. Cas was his friend, his buddy, his pal. "Dean what are you thinking so intensely about?" "Uh nothing I was just thinking about the trials. We didn't finish them and now hell was going to be open forever." "Big deal, we'll deal with it. I mean with Kevin's demon bombs we can destroy them easily, don't fret my friend." He nodded and pulled into a burger joint and went through the drive through. "What do you want? A burger?" "I don't know, just get two or whatever you get." "I need two double cheese burgers, two fries, two apple pies, and two sodas." Pulling up he grabbed the bag with food and handed it to Cas before paying. Already the angel was digging through the bag and inspecting his food, "Stop looking at it and eat it." Taking the bag from him he unwrapped a burger and handed it to him, "Start with the burger, just bite it and chew it all before swallowing." "I'm not a baby Dean, I know how humans consume food." "Well it ain't done by staring at it. Eat." Putting the burger in his mouth he attempted to eat all of it at once. "Dude, one bite at a time. Watch." He took a bite of his burger and held it up and said "see?" with a mouth full of food. Cas nodded and took a smaller bite before letting out a groan of approval. "Man this is delicious. Oh." Great now he was going to have that sound in his mind, "Dude, just eat it." "Sorry." When they were done eating Dean stopped at a gas station to pee. "You're gonna have to use the bathroom soon, so go ahead and go while were stopped." Following behind him Cas touched his shoulder, "Wait, I don't know how what do I do? Just go?" "No you can't just go on yourself. That's gross." He really didn't want to show cas how to pee because that would involve him seeing his dick and he knew that would stir questions. He could see it now, "Dean why do you have an erection? Dean is this an often occurrence after peeing? Dean?" Snapping out of his thoughts he sighed "Okay Sam's gonna show you the real way when we get home but right now just undo your pants and sit down with your dick in the toilet. And pee?" He had never had to tell somebody how to pee before much less a fucking angel. "Okay." When heard it was going successfully he sighed in relief, thank god he didn't have go down that road. "Be careful not to zip your dick up when your pulling your pants up man because that shit hurts." "Thank you for the warning." "No problem, hurry up this is awkward enough." They left the gas station and he was anxious to get to Sam so there wouldn't be anymore awkward silences. Finally reaching the hotel he sighed in relief, knocking on Sam's door he waited. "Look who it is. How was the honeymoon?" Rolling his eyes he moved past his brother, "Come on, get your shit were going home." "Already packed. Lets go." "Can you drive? I need to catch some z's." "Yeah I've been asleep practically all day so it should be fine, why didn't you just ask Cas?" "I don't trust him driving my baby." "I see. Too much competition?" "What the hell is wrong with you man?" "Dean, almost dying does something to you. It makes you realize time is precious, and I don't want to waste it seeing you two pine over each other all the time, so if I have to mess with you until you finally do something then so be it." Dammit, what the hell was that supposed to mean? He got in the back and Cas frowned, "Your not driving?" "No, I need some sleep and the bunkers a good couple of hours away. Don't wake me up unless it's an emergency." They both agreed and soon enough he was asleep in the back dreaming about strippers. Except these weren't normal strippers, they were all wearing trenchcoats and had dark short hair. He realized upon closer inspection that it was Cas. Dammit, even in his dream he couldn't escape his feelings. He woke up in his bed and was shocked, "Sammy?!" Walking to the front room he yelled again, "Sammy? What the hell man?" "Don't look at me. Your boyfriend did it. He insisted you would be upset if you woke up and it 'wasn't an emergency' he takes everything so literal. But I didn't tell him no, this is more fun" he said with a smile. His face scrunched into a bitch face as he looked for the angel, "He's asleep on the couch man" Sam said. Walking towards the couch he frowned. He couldn't wake him up just to bitch at him, instead he sighed and sat down on the coffee table. "Dammit man. What the hell is going on with us?" he whispered as he put his head in his hands. Cas began to stir awake and he got up to leave but heard his name being called. "Dean." "Yeah?" "Are you upset that I moved you?" "Uh no man it's fine. Just weird is all." "Weird? Why? You moved me last night and I didn't find it 'weird' at all. Comforting actually." "Nothing, but when I meant only in an emergency I was kidding, you should have just told me we were at the bunker. Just don't next time okay?" Cas frowned and mumbled, "Okay. Sorry." "By the way there are several rooms in the bunker, you don't have to sleep on the couch." "I didn't know I could stay." "Of course your staying, why wouldn't you??" "I don't know. Just a thought." "Yeah well just pick one, Kevins the last one on the right, I'm the first door on the left and Sam is up stairs. So anyone except those are good." "Thanks, goodnight Dean." "Goodnight Cas."
“I always have. Don’t know why it took me so long to say it, or realize it for that matter. But when you left, when you’re gone, I’m not happy. I’m miserable. Every single time you were taken or vaporized or just flat out killed, it eats me up inside. Every other time, I have been able to just block it out and focus on the current world ending crisis at hand...But this time, even after defeating Chuck and saving the world. Something was missing.I would look around and just miss you in everything that happened. I tried to move on, be happy that we had saved the world. We stopped hunting, Sam  and I got a dog, he’s with Eileen, life was supposed to be good. Great even. Everything seemed to be in place. Except you..”
After a quick cold shower he’s ready for whatever the day has for him. When he makes it back to his room, Cas is still in bed but no longer asleep. Rubbing his eyes he sits up, and begins to pull back the covers.
“I think I’m going to go to bed, I don’t feel too well. Goodnight Dean.” Frowning he heads back to his room but feels Dean pull on his arm.
Castiel, an angel. He hadn’t actually thought about what would happen to the angel should the prank go array, and guilt swarmed him. It was a dick move, but in the end he just wanted Dean to be honest with him. They had spent too many years of their lives lying to each other, and it was time for it all to stop. Right then, he decided to mend fences.
Previously On… Dean was rejected, Castiel was sassy, and Sam was, Sam. Will they finally confess their true intentions and feelings or will this continue to be like the actual series? You decide. !
Not that his father was a role model for that, but he was much better than John Winchester. His father was around in every way possible when he was younger, except for physical. Celestial beings were not like humans they didn’t require physical contact. Human’s
Realizing there was no danger unloaded it and re did the safety. After putting it back in it’s usual spot, he laid down.
“I um. God- I feel like a teenager again. Um, I wanted to try something but it seems weird to talk about?”
Hope filled Dean’s eyes and he walked over towards his angel before taking his hand. “Dad, this is Castiel. My boyfriend. Cas, this is my Dad, John.”
~NOTE: The next few pages will contain sexual content, please proceed with caution. Enjoy the feels!~
“Are you on Busty Asian Beauties?” Scowling and yanking the laptop away to look he’s shocked to see that it’s a site for romantic movie showings at a drive in theatre.
Mimicking Dean, he placed his hands on his face and into his hair. Sexual energy buzzed around them.
When they return from the bakery, Cas had tried every single type of pastry they made. Soon his favorite flavor was deemed Chocolate, especially chocolate pie.
At this point, Cas is panting hard and writhing beneath Dean, trying to remove the hunters clothes as well. When he realizes what the angel’s doing he speeds it up and unbuttons his pants and kicks them off, leaving him in his boxers.
“A million things but that doesn’t matter. One: You love Cas. Two: You’re bisexual dude. Always have been, 75% of homophobes are homophobes because they’re gay.”
“No! We were watching movies and he picked out fucking Brokeback Mountain Sammy. Brokeback Mountain! I can’t watch that! And so I told him it was a gay cowboy movie and he said so because he thought it meant happy and then I told him it was about guys liking guys! And he still didn’t understand and I just explained how gross it was. Because come on Sammy. Let’s face it, it’s gross. But I was gonna watch it anyways because it has Hathaway’s tit’s in there but he left.”
Notes: Okay. that was super cheesy^, and I'm sorry. Not actually. I am sorry that I'm living in a trash can with all of my destiel and cockles fics. Hope you enjoyed this fic! You're all so beautiful ^w^
Hands are grasping the sheets, and Dean begins to rub Cas through his boxers momentarily before grabbing Cas’s face as he seals their lips together once more. A groan escapes the angel’s mouth and the hunter smiles against the kiss before opening his mouth to tug playfully on the angel’s bottom lip. When he lets go he feels a tongue press its way into his mouth.
Running his hands up and down Cas’s muscular thighs he licks his lips, and his angel groans. Moving back up he pulls the t-shirt over Cas’s head. “Ugh.
It wasn’t the first time he had dreamed about the shadow, and it was surely not going to be the last. The real question remained, was he an angel again? He was about to check when he was interrupted.
Cas awoke with the sound of Dean snoring lightly above him and Kevin muttering something about Geoffrey. Who the hell was he? He hadn’t really watched the show, he only payed attention when Dean was looking at him, instead he had closed his eyes and thought about how happy he was with Dean and fallen asleep. Now his hunter was asleep above him and he knew that if he didn’t move him he would have a pain in his neck the next morning. “Goodnight Kevin” he said as he got up and picked up his hunter before carrying him to their room. Dean woke up when he realized he was being carried and hooked his arms around Cas’s neck. “Hmm. You gonna make a habit of carrying me when I fall asleep?” “Perhaps.” “I’ll make sure to do it more often then.” Dean kissed his neck before whispering in his ear, “I haven’t forgotten about earlier, but it can wait. I’m too tired right now.” Cas chuckled, he knew teasing his hunter was a sure fire way to get him to speed things up. “Good” he said as he pulled back the covers after setting him down. Crawling up next to him he wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist and pulled him closer to himself. “Goodnight love.” “Night honeybee.” Cas dreamed of him and Dean fighting a ghost with Sam and after finishing the case successfully they went out to watch a movie together. He had never been to the movies, but after having his dream he decided he wanted to go.
. Masculinity be damned. “You don’t remember?” All the response the angel can muster is a slight head shake. Carefully, Dean runs his calloused hands slowly through the angel’s dark hair, searching for a head wound. No blood, no bumps, but he doesn’t want to remove his hands from the dark hair, it’s so soft. How had he never done this before?
“Don’t mention man. Consider it a late Christmas present. Birthday present, or whatever else I’ve missed.”
Immediately he wanted to turn the radio off like he had done years ago, but the desperation in the man’s voice made him pause. Pulling over to the side of the road he listens to his hunter’s prayer.
Notes: This may be the last chapter I write for this fic, I haven’t decided yet… But, if you want me to continue it comment and tell me! I hope you’ve enjoyed this fic of ups and downs with all the Dean/Cas feels you could want. Don’t worry I haven’t forgotten about Sammy, if I continue writing there will be a surprise in store!. Love you beanies. –SuperBatLover16
Castiel? The angel. Your boyfriend. Why would he have to save him from anything??” They sigh knowing a long explanation was ahead.
Surprised that his brother actually kept the number he laughed, and picks up the phone. *New Message* FROM DAVE:
“What do you want from me? You already stole my grace what more could you want?” The shadow hovers above him with no face that was somehow even scarier up close.
I’ve never loved anybody or anything like I love you. It’s why I’ve done everything I have, it was selfish really, it was for my own personal benefit. Saving Sam was for you but also selfish, I knew that if you lost him you’d do whatever you had to do to bring him back. And that means I could have lost you, but over time I grew to love Sam too, although more of a brotherly love. Like how I love Gabriel. I love you, so much. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Even if it’s not romantically, just being with you is enough. To know you’re safe and alive is all I ever wanted. I know this must be a surprise to you so I’ll get Sam to help me to my room.”
Dave was definitely his type. Dean had known that he was bisexual since he was five years old. Strong jaw lines, pretty eyes, and a good head of hair had always made him hard within seconds. Nobody knew this, of course. John Winchester was a good father, or he was. Before. He couldn’t tell anybody in risk of his father finding out, so he kept it to himself and snuck out when he could. If caught he would lie and say it was a girl he’d been with. And luckily, they’d never questioned it. At the bar, Dave slipped him his number, and he hadn’t reacted. Or had he? Giving Dave a slight nod he went back to his table, where Sam waited unknowingly. Making up an excuse to leave, they headed back to the motel where he knew Sam would turn in early. Dialing the number scribbled on the paper he waited, hopefully the guy was off and awake but if not he could always jerk one off in the shower. “Hello?” came out a gruff and deep voice. Jesus, he liked this guy’s voice. “Dave? It’s Dean. From the bar.” “Holy Shit, I never thought I’d actually get a call. Face like yours you never know.” “Uh thanks, so are you off?” “Yeah, I’ll be off in five. You want to-?” “Yeah. Definitely.” “Alright. Well why don’t you meet me at the Royale Inn motel on I-50?” “I know exactly what you’re talking about.” Looking up at the motel sign he grins,
After explaining The Darkness and the thing almost killing Castiel, they explain they then have to explain about the Mark of Cain, and John has the exact same reaction everyone else had.
Dean couldn’t believe they had gone that long without talking about his younger brother, it used to be
“Yeah I know, but now you’re about a medium or a large at best. So see if they have another one-ah here.” He says holding up the exact same sweater, this time in the angel’s size.
. They were perfect together, and now they found their way back to each other. Only, Allie was engaged to another man. How would they ever figure this out? Completely forgetting about the angel sitting next to him he feels him shift and put a hand over his face. The blue eyes are misty and full of awe. Noah and Allie have moved inside to their ’love house’ and are in the middle of fucking each other’s brains out when Sam walks in. Cas can’t be bothered by it, but Dean could care less about their sex scene, which is very out of character for him.
Once the task is completed, he moves back up to seal their lips together again, sliding their naked bodies together. Cas stops clenching the sheets and threads them through Dean’s hair instead. A muffle “
Hours had passed and his face was raw and red from all the tears he had scratched away. Why did he wait until the last moment to say anything? He knew Cas loved him… The angel had said as much before but he never thought it was in the same way. The same way he had felt for years.
A strong hand is shaking him awake, “Cas wake up. You were having a nightmare.” Sam’s hazel eyes are above him lined with worry and understanding. “It’s okay it was just a dream. You okay?” A nightmare? No, he had to take this as something more,
Sure enough there was a huge hickey on his neck. Dammit Dave. He told him not to leave any visible marks, but hot damn it turned him on at the time. “So I thought you said nobody caught your eye.” “Uh, no I met her working the case. Her name’s Claire. Perfect rack.” “Alright, TMI. Go to sleep, Bobby caught a case close by and wants us to check it out. I’ll drive first shift since you’re getting back so late.” “Thanks man. Night.” “Goodnight.” After Dean falls asleep Sam gets up to start the coffee maker. Almost tripping over Dean’s pants he picks them up and throws them on the bed, tossing a phone and a piece of paper with it.
“I’m going to assume she did all the work, and that’s fine. You didn’t know anything then, but I’ve gotta tell you, whatever you’ve been doing to study the subject keep doing it. It’s definitely helped.”
*Notes* Short add on, sorry it’s not any longer than it is, but college has been so crazy! Thanks for all the views and kudos! I’ll be here in the trash can attempting to do my trig work. Tis all you beauties! 0v0
home Dean, not mine. I can’t keep guessing at where I belong, it used to be so natural. When I was younger I
Dean smiled at his boyfriend, and took in the sight before him. Indigo eyes looked at him with adoration and weariness. Lightly rubbing his thumb along the stubbled jaw to the cheek bone, Cas melts into his hunters touch.
He grimaces and nods “No of course not, I was just um kidding. I was looking at the rack on this girl.” John laughs and nods giving his son a that a boy.
A figure appears in his mirror, waving him down. “Cas wait!” but he ignores it. This was the only way. His only goal now was to find out if he was indeed an angel again.
Dean and Cas moved out after a few years into the mountains. They have a greenhouse, a garage where Dean can work on cars, and of course a beehive farm for Cas. No kids other than Jack, who visits often, but plenty of rescue animals. A guinea pig, some cats, a horse for Dean, plenty of bees, and Miracle the dog. Sam occasionally will call him for some help on a hunt but other than they he hung it up and never looked back. Claire and Kai come over to crash occasionally and have even talked about getting married. Dean brings up the possibility of marriage to Cas, but always laughs at the realness of it. After being through hell and back, what did they care if they had a piece of paper to prove it? Everything they needed they had in each other.
“Dean. We don’t have to talk about it, I know it makes you uncomfortable. My feelings haven’t changed but I don’t want to lose you or Sam. So if it’s alright with you, we can just forget I ever said anything, okay?”
Dean chokes on his orange juice but hides it and swallows it down regardless. “Right. So ignoring that. Food. You said you’ve never had pie or cake right? Today you’re going to try them
“Really? All this time I never knew that, I guess I should pay more attention.” Edna comes around with their food and a steaming cup of maple syrup.
“Today you are going to learn about the best parts of being human. Number one is sex, but you already know that… Anyways number two is food. Number three is awesome movies which you know as well. Although The Notebook is not the best movie ever. I’ll show you the best movie ever.”
Dean begins to stroke the angels face again, running his thumb along Cas’s cheek. “I don’t want to go to fast, I want us to last forever. So if that means taking it a little slow at first, then so be it, because it’s been a long time since I’ve been with anybody for anything other than just sex. But with you, I’d give up all the sex in the world just to have you, but now I’m here thinking about us having sex, and I don’t know if were ready for that just yet. I’ve never been with another man before so it’s going to take some time for me to get used to it. But this- I don’t think I’ll ever get over having your soft lips on mine, especially on my neck. Dammit Cas. Why did we wait so long to do this?”
Sam signed yes quickly without looking at her. Everything was going so well, but nothing ever seemed to last. He knew he should be happy even if his brother had disappeared on a suicide mission.
. Bisexual: Being attracted to both genders sexually. Dean had never out right said that he was bi, but Sam had a strong suspicion that he was. Hmm. There was a sure way to be sure.
“Cas. No, don’t. I’m sorry, I should’ve just told you directly, instead of telling your dad like a teenager. But if you’re an angel again why are you still so weak?”
“A lot. But I think their safer here so I’m going to be longer than expected, because I’m not taking them out of the archive and bringing them back.”
. Cas frowns at that. “What?” “Sam. I can read your mind. This was all a ruse to get Dean to admitting he likes men. And me...” “No-No I don’t know what you’re talking about. Also, it’s rude to read people’s mind.” Huffing, a very human emotion, Cas is still giving him a bitch face.
Hours later, sure enough they’re at a bar where Dean is downing shots and shots of dark liquid. “You oughtta lighten up Sammy. Drink a little. Jesus” “No Dean, you know alcohol is not the solution to everything.” Rolling his eyes he gets up and walks over to the bar and orders another round. The bar tender is a young man who is eyeing Dean like he’s a Christmas ham.
His phone’s ringtone woke him from his light sleep, “Hello?” he barely whispered. “Dean.” Cas. It was so good to hear the other man’s voice he smiled… “Bye” he didn’t hear an answer in reply just the dial tone. “Where are we?” Sam was awake now, “We’re in a hospital. You passed out and I didn’t know if you were gonna make it. You’ll be fine, you just have to take it easy for a couple of weeks.” “The last thing I remember the angels were falling. And you were screaming for Cas.” “Yeah I uh I thought you were going to die. So um yeah.” “Did he get hurt in the fall too?” “He’s human, I talked to him just before you woke up, he’s somewhere in Ohio. I told him to sit tight and wait for me to come get him.” “You’re going to Ohio?” “Yeah. He’s human man. He doesn’t know how to take care of himself.” Sam smirked but said nothing. “I’ll drop you off at the bunker then turn around.” “I can come Dean.” “No, you need to rest in a bed. Not in my baby.” He rolled his eyes, “You’re not going to give up on that will you?” “Nope. And until you’re better we’re taking a siesta, I think we deserve it.” “Seriously?” “Yeah. Why not? Besides were going to have our hands full with Cas being a human and all.” “By us you mean you.” “No I mean whatever. I’m going to get your discharge papers.” Walking out of the room he went to find the nurse, when he returned Sam was up and had removed his IV. “Sir you should really let me do that” he said in a girly high pitched voice. “Thank you kind nurse, but my brother has to go save his boyfriend.” “Okay jokes over. Ha. Ha.” Mumbling under his breath he said “and he’s not my boyfriend.” “That’s because you haven’t told him yet.” “What?” “Nothing. Let’s go. I’m starving.” “No. What did you say?” “Dean. Everyone with eyes can see how you feel about him. Get over it. Now come on.” “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Sam rolled his eyes and led the way out of the room. They discreetly walked out the front door as if his brother hadn’t been admitted there the night before and was walking away from the insurance questions they were bound to ask. He sighed when they finally made it to the Impala, maybe his luck was turning around.
His emotions were all over the place, was Dean saying that he loved, loved him back? That he wanted to be with him?
. I always have. I know you did all those things for me, and it hurts like hell to see the rejection in your eyes. Do you know how much it hurt to hold your lifeless body on that warehouse floor and think that I’d
Cas wakes up in a daze, the room is dark and he can hear chains rattling around him and screams echoing. “Hello Castiel” a smooth British voice echoes,
“Yeah, I uh didn’t meet him until I was 15, by then it was too late. My mom thought he was crazy but I’ve been able to talk to ghosts since I was three, so I don’t know I’ve always been intrigued by the father who she said was obsessed with ghosts and demons.”
” Cas once again sports a bitch face, “I am not a baby, but you’re right. The outfit I usually don, is not as comfortable as it once was. I would prefer not to be carried around in public, as nice as this is it may draw unwanted attention.” Right, Cas was right. “Can you uh stand long enough to pee or?” “I can sit down and take care of this, I am not a baby, regardless of your continuous labeling me one.” Setting Cas down on the toilet he turns around to give the guy some privacy but stays just in case. Five minutes later after an almost zipper accident they are back to Dean carrying Cas to the living room. The position is becoming a familiar one and Cas doesn’t object to the idea. Once comfortable again they unpaused the movie.
She smiles at him and nods “Yeah definitely, I’d love to work with the great Sam Winchester. That’s like painting with Van Gogh.”
Dean stopped talking and leaned into the space between them. His hand came up to lightly touch his face before resting on his shoulder. The awkward tension had been replaced by a different kind of tension and he was unsure of what to do next.
“Cas-stop. It’s fine. Just looks weird on you is all. I’ve only ever seen you in formal getup except when you were in the mental ward but uh come on. Let’s get you some clothes.” The angel nods in agreement, if he was being honest, he didn’t really want new clothes. He
Crowley interrupts him looking bored with the conversation, “Believe it or not, Squirrel and I have grown exceptionally close, whether he chooses to accept that fact or not, I won’t have his boyfriend killed by one of my demons. Yes, the ‘thing’ is a demon, well a demon hybrid. It’s an abomination, don’t worry too much about it now. I’ve had it destroyed.”
Visibly struggling against the dream the angel grabs ahold of Dean’s blanket in his fist and twists it around. He begins to stroke the angel’s hair to calm him down, and it seems to work. Soon, Cas is asleep against his chest sleeping peacefully.
Taken aback he blinks a few times, that is not what he expected his brother to say. “In denial about what?” “Nothing-just uh don’t hurt Cas, okay?” And with that the younger Winchester is disappearing down the hall. Sammy was right, he needed to stop playing games, he’d been a little upset at the lack of memory the angel had to his confession of love. At the time he was ‘relieved’ but that was only his father talking in the back of his head.
“I’m not evil Castiel, not in my purest form. Yes, I read your mind. Don’t fret too much over it, that’s not why I’m here. I’m tied to you because of this flimsy grace you had so I’m going to give it back, but I want you to do something for me.”
angel. Castiel, or Cas, was their friend, but the way Dean talked and looked at him made him think there was something more. Never in his life had he looked at somebody with that much passion, except one. Jessica. Since her, he’d never looked at anybody like that again. Waving a hand in front of his face Dean looks at him with a confused look. “What are you thinking so hard about?” Shaking his head clear he smirks “Nothing, um so did you say we had worked a case here? I think we did actually, sometime after Dad died.” It still hurt Dean to think about their father, but he had grown used to the cold feeling it brought on.
Part of him was still waiting on the gig to be up. For the empty to pull the plug on this new fantasy it had made up for him.
angel. The real question isn’t about me being in control it’s about you being in control Dean. Control of your emotions at
Dean smiled at him and made a move to reach out to the backseat but thought better of it and pulled back.
“Right. The same way you love Sam, I know Dean. It’s alright. Thank you for the kind words. It’s nice to be appreciated.”
Never in the years had he known Dean, had he seen his gorgeous face because his soul shone too brightly and it always blindsided him. When he finally did see it, he stared. Standing before him was Dean, it was true, but he was also very handsome. Light freckles scattered across his face, and his hair was a nice shade of light brown that he suspected he got from his mother. But what really drew him in was his eyes. Those emerald green eyes gave way to just how bright his soul was, and for a moment it was if he was still an angel glancing into the man’s soul.
“Oh right. Oh well, it’ll be fun. Come on.” This time Dean doesn’t even wait for Cas to wrap his arms around him and instead just lifts the angel out of the chair.
His phone rang and interrupted his unheard confession. It rang over and over. He switched it off and laid his head back against the hard brick wall.
Shortly after he was packing a bag and writing Sam and Eileen a note. He left it on the counter and ran up the stairs to Baby.
“It’s a good movie. Besides I think Jack is fixing to tell Ennis to fuck off. About time too, poor Jack.”
Take me instead. I’ll do anything.” The shadow disappears along with the little bit of breath Dean has left. “NO!”
When he woke up the next morning he had the biggest headache ever and no memory of what had happened past eating pie poolside. Looking down at his clothes he saw that he was now in his pajamas and smelled like his shampoo. “Good morning Dean. How are you feeling?” “Like hell.” “I’m sorry honey, liquor has the tendency to do that. You were throwing up for most of the night before you passed out.” “Oh, don’t apologize I shouldn’t have drank so much. Did you put these pajamas on me?” “Yes, after I cleaned you up. I knew you wouldn’t want the bedroom to smell, so I bathed you. I uh hope you don’t mind.” “Of course not, you’re so sweet. Thank you for taking care of me babe.” “For better or worse right?” “Right. Now only if this headache would go away.” “Are you suggesting you angelic boyfriend removing this headache?” Grinning he shrugged his shoulders, “maybe.” Cas grabbed his face and kissed him before pulling away with an eck. “What?” “Your breath is horrible.” “Wow, angels and words.” “I’m told I’m not one to mince words. That’s what Crowley said when I told him to beat it last night.” Getting up he went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. “Where are you going?” “To brush my teeth so my blunt angel of a boyfriend will kiss me without going eck.” He heard the bed creak, and felt a head against his back. “Don’t pout, it’s not like it’s a habit of yours to have bad breath, it’s just the liquor, pie, and burgers together don’t mix well.” “Obviously not” he said after spitting out the tooth paste water. Strong arms turned him around before feeling chapped lips on his own. When they pulled away his headache was gone and his sour mood was gone. “So how wasted did I get last night?” “Completely. I can show you if you’d like.” “Depends, was it humiliating?” “No it was incredibly cute and hilarious. See for yourself.” Closing his eyes as he felt fingers touch his forehead he saw him and Cas in the pool. Clearly he was very drunk because his angel was having to hold him up. Crowley was in the corner in a chair laughing at him, now he was singing promiscuous girl, and oh god he was so embarrassed. Upon removing his fingers Dean sighed, he couldn’t even look at his boyfriend now. “Dean look at me.” When he finally looked at his favorite blue eyes he saw a mischievous glint in them “And their like I raised you from hell, their like I raise you from hell. Na Na Na. The angels are waiting. My milkshake brings all the angels to the yard.” He looked down again before huffing, “I am never drinking ever again.” “Oh come on, I liked the song. I found it very amusing.” “Yell well” he mumbled walking away. “I made breakfast” the angel said snapping his fingers. “No you zapped it, it’s not the same thing.” “Honey don’t be upset I was only teasing.” “I’m not babe, I’m just kind of I don’t know. This was our last rendezvous.” “It doesn’t have to be. Settling down doesn’t mean no fun honey.” “Always seemed like it in my book.” “We don’t have fun? Alright hold on. We’re going to have some fun.” “What are you doing?” He was pulling off his shirt and pulling down his pants, “Come on, I’m giving you what you want.” Realizing his angel meant pool sex he beamed, “No. Seriously?!” “Yeah if that’s what it takes to get you out of your mood then yes.” “I’m down. I’m going to pout more often if it gets me hot pool sex.” “Don’t plan on it freckles.” Freckles, he liked that. Finishing quickly before Sam and Gabe came over they went back inside to eat breakfast.
Cas looks guilty so Dean squeezes his hand and gives a small smile before answering his father. “It was a leviathan. Thing crawled out of Satan’s armpit. Purgatory.”
Sam had called multiple times and he knew that he would be understanding about the situation, but still concerned.
He says pulling away from his son and wraps the angel up in embrace similar to the one Sam gives. “Thank you for taking care of my boys, welcome to the family.”
Dean stared at him with a weird intensity. His eyes were narrowed and brows furrowed as though he was concentrating hard on what to say.
“I know you don’t feel the same way. Just go away. Leave me the fuck alone already so I can move on and get over you.” It’s the last thing he says as he storms past the hunter with his duffle bag in his hand.
.” “Dean-I’m sorry. I didn’t know. I remember.” “Remember what?” “What you said in the warehouse, I just left it alone, because I thought you had only said it in the heat of the moment, but I understand now.” He recalls, his broken voice yelling out for the angel.
“Dean it’s fine. I’m very tired, and like I said I’m not feeling well. Goodnight.” Yanking his arm away he walks to his bedroom feeling hurt and rejected.
you should be grateful for such an awesome brother." Cas was right but he wasn't going to admit his brother was, he mumbled a sarcastic remark and continued to cook the burgers until they were a good brown on each side. "Alright. Soups on" he said before fixing him and Cas's burger and handing it to his angel before sitting next to him. "Dude. There still in the pan." "You know how to make a burger get to it." "Bitch." "Jerk. You better fix it before they burn, the pan's still hot." "Oh god they are going to be one of those couples, Sam we have to get some chicks in here quickly." "I'm kind of already talking to somebody." "Wait what? Since when?" "This morning." Cas laughed beside him, "Is it the woman who called you cute?" "Yeah she's actually not as young as I thought she was. I did some digging and she's 27. So I texted her and asked if she wanted to go see a movie with me." "Aw little Sammy's finally going to have a girlfriend. How long has it been? Since Ruby? Man, you got to get out more." "Says the man who pined over his best friend for years and did nothing about it until I made you two finally." Taking his angels hand he shook his head "That's not true, I was going to tell him sometime." "I know you would have." Getting lost in the pools of blue he ignored his brother and Kevin's throat clearing noises and kissed his angel sweetly before feeding him some of his burger. "So what's her name Sammy?" "Rachel Smith. She works in that donut shop you like so much." "You guys got donuts without me??" "It was your darling's idea. Not mine." "Sam is the one who suggested it I just assumed it would be okay." Cas was looking as if he was about to be scolded so he squeezed his hand to reassure him "Don't worry I'm not mad at you. Sammy's the one who should be sorry, you on the other hand didn't know any better." "Well I think you should apologize for making me have Game of Thrones paused for so long asshole." Shit, he had completely forgotten about the episode he was watching. "Sorry Kev, hey why don't we have a marathon tonight? Cas has never seen them and I know he'll like it." "I generally like whatever you like Dean." They were sharing a moment again before they were interrupted by Sam "Oh cool! Rachel's a huge fan, we can double date!" "Great, now I really am Kevin Solo, thanks a lot you guys." Feeling bad he sighed "I'm sorry Kev we can find you a date if you want." "That's okay I think I'll just sit in my room and listen to music." "Come on man it won't be so bad! We promise to keep it to a minimal." Sammy was too busy on his phone to chip into the conversation so he kicked him under the table "Oh yeah sure man promise. You should watch it with us." "There won't be enough room for five of us to sit on that couch." Dean already knew of a way to make room, Cas would sit in his lap regardless of how much room they have. Cas smirked when he realized what Dean was thinking about and moved his free hand to Dean's knee under the table. "You guys make me sick. But fine, I'll watch but if either of you guys start to make out I'm out of there. Deal?" "Deal." Sam was smiling a wicked grin and was looking at his phone still. What was he up to?
“Cas. You’re staring. Do I have something on my face?” “No. I was um nothing. Sorry, I think I can walk if you’re uncomfortable.” “What are you talking about, you can’t walk on that. Come on it’s not too much further.” The dream ended when Dean’s arms left his body and he immediately missed the warmth they provided. His mind was now filled with the night sky and all of the angels falling, he began to shiver with disappointment in himself. This was all of his fault, if he had trusted his gut none of his brothers and sisters would be falling. It was really cold now, and he didn’t understand why. “Cas. Cas. Wake up. You were having a nightmare.” “Dean? When did you get here?” “Bout an hour or so ago. You cold? There’s another blanket in the back, I’ll go get it” without another word he was up and going to fetch the blanket. He returned with a quilt that was huge, and laughed “This one’s Sam’s, that one can barely cover one of his legs.” Wanting to laugh he smiled, but he couldn’t laugh just yet. “Thank you Dean.” “No problem. Catch some z’s.” “Okay. Um Dean?” “Yeah Cas.” “Did you put me back here?” “Yeah, we had to get out of there. Didn’t want anybody to spot us.” Drifting back to sleep he sighed and “Okay.”
“Must be a side effect, come on.” Getting out he heads into the diner and sits himself at the back. An older lady comes to take their order and smiles sweetly at Dean.
Sam and Eileen stay in the bunker and keep the Men/Women of Letters going. They get married, have children (One boy- who looks just like Dean and rightly so since he is named Dean, and two girls- Alexandria and Ruth who they adopted after a hunt) and pass on their legacy. Every Wednesday and Saturday they meet up with Dean and Cas to have family night. Sometimes they play games, sometimes they go out shooting, or just stay in and watch old movies. Cas brings a plant or some honey from his hive, and Dean always cooks.
“Nothing. Just glad to have everyone under one roof. No apocalypse, no big bad breathing down our necks. Just living the good life.”
“I know, I’m sorry about what I said earlier about you not wanting to be human because of control or whatever, I was mad and I was just trying to hurt you. I know you couldn’t care less about it.”
.” Not wanting to seem rude he fights off the urge to shrug, frankly he’s just happy the guy is alive, regardless of what form he’s in. “Okay we’ll figure it out, let’s go tell Sammy the good news.” Castiel tries to get up from the warehouse floor but even with Dean’s help he can barely move. “I got you.” In one swift motion, Dean is picking up the, not so light, ex-angel. “Jesus, you’re heavier than you look.” “Jimmy was very physically fit, I tried to keep his body in the condition I found it in Dean. Out of respect of course" he mumbles the last few words but Dean heard them anyways.
“Yes it does! It’s so nice to meet a fellow tall person, I feel like I’ve known you for years already. So Sam, what do you say we get out of here and hit up the morgue?”
There were lines in his face and his eyes were red and puffy and  filled with worry. It looked like he had been crying.
Shortly after Cas left he felt bad for not going after him, but that was too chick flick for him. Cas said it was fine so it must be fine. He tried to go to sleep but all he could see was Cas's sad eyes as he told him he was going to sleep in his own room. Finally falling asleep all he saw was darkness, he woke up and found the familiar outfit on the floor. Cas had left his clothes in here, he picked them up and took them to the main room. In the kitchen he saw Sam eating cereal next to Kevin who was snoring lightly with his head on the table. Cas must still be in bed, because he wasn't there. "Mornin." "Hey look who's finally up. You slept a lot longer than usual." "Yeah well I couldn't sleep that much last night." "Dude gross." "Will you shut up with that shit?" Just as he said that Kevin woke up and scratched his head before saying "Hey Dean. You were asleep when they got home yesterday." "Yes, I know. Drop it. Prophet boy." He chuckled and fixed himself some coffee before handing Dean a mug, "looks like you could use some food." "Yeah, is there any cereal left?" "Yeah. Here." Pouring himself some cereal he tried not to think about Cas's sad eyes last night as he left his room. His thoughts were quickly dismissed when he heard the angels deep voice say "Good morning." Immediately he noticed Cas was no longer wearing his clothes but his own old outfit. "Morning Cas." he said trying to smile at the angel.  "Dean." was all he said before sitting next to Sam. Since when did Cas sit next to Sam? The angel always sat next to him regardless of what was happening with them. He tried to let it go but couldn't something was definitely wrong with the angel. "Cas you okay?" "Fine." Damn he was being short this morning. He looked at Cas closely for any signs of what was troubling him but found nothing other than some stubble on his face and dark bags under his eyes. That was his fault, instead of bitching last night he should have just shut his mouth and let the angel sleep with him but instead he threw a hissy fit. "Sam would you like to hang out later?" Sammy raised his eyebrows and looked at his brother, before shrugging "Um sure. Why not. What did you have in mind?" "Well now that I'm human I was thinking about watching some TV or maybe going out somewhere to see what humanity is all about." "Okay, Dean, Kevin? You guys coming?" Kevin spoke up "Can't I'm still trying to figure out what Crowley did with my Mom. I don't think he actually killed her but we'll see. Thanks for inviting me though." "Dean?" Sam said looking at his brother. Cas interrupted him before he could reply, "Dean can't come." "Why not?" "No no it's okay Sammy, I've got some stuff to do anyways. You two have fun." Cas grimaced and looked away with a scowl. "Okay I don't know what's going on but I'm uncomfortable so later." Kevin said walking away. Sam cleared his throat in agreement and patted Cas's shoulder before leaving the kitchen. "Cas you need to eat." "I know." he said before looking for food. Dean decided he would redeem himself to the angel and so he got up and fixed the angel a bowl of cereal. "Here Cas. There good you'll like them." "I'm not hungry anymore." was all he said before walking away. What the hell. He finished his cereal and the cereal he fixed for Cas before leaving to find Sam. "Sammy." "In here." Sam was putting on his jacket "Where you going?" "Cas said he wanted me to go with him to get something to eat." Seriously? Now he knew the angel was mad at him, fine. Two can play at that game. He just wished he knew what he had done wrong. Hell what hadn't he done wrong. So often was he mean to the angel and nonchalantly put off telling him about his feelings for him that the angel began to be hurt by it. He never knew, he always thought angels were emotionless so he could take it. No, he knew better than to push away the one person who wasn't family who cared for him so much. Cas hated Dean, but he deserved it, it fueled the self hatred he already had inside. "Have fun" he said before seeing that Sam had already left.
Fifteen minutes later, Dean emerges from the bathroom, not even dressed in his fed suit. "Took you long enough, I almost send Cas in there to check on you." There is a flicker of a blush on the freckled cheeks of the older hunter but it quickly disappears. "I left it out here, I had to use the bathroom Jesus Sammy. Are we married or something? You keeping a secret ledger on where I am?" "No" "Then get off my back dammit." "Why are you arguing about this?" "We're not arguing Cas, just what brothers do. Sides can't you just mojo yourself there to get the records?" "Yes, but this is more fun to watch." "Y'all can all go to hell." Sam laughs "We've all been to hell Dean. Wasn't that nice, don't think I'll be building a vacation home there anytime soon." Castiel, once again is confused. "You guys go ahead and check out the hospital, I've got some research to do here." "You. Do research? That's even funnier than Cas in the doctor getup." "You know you're not the only nerd in the family, Sammy." "Alright, well you stay here and "research" and Dr. Sexy and I will talk to the hospital staff" "Audios."
Stroking his hunter’s face he laughs at the pout he gives off, “Fine. But you have to promise to sleep in
Dean unrolls his silverware and begins to cut up his waffles and applies butter to it before pouring the syrup on it. Cas looks puzzled, so Dean stabs a piece of the waffle and hands it him instructing him to try it. Chewing thoughtfully he considers the flavor, “It’s good.”
Dean looks at his feet ashamed of what he said, he wanted to tell the angel a million things, but he was a coward.
“Oh right, for a minute I forgot what I was doing here, um there’s an alpha vamp a couple of towns over and I didn’t have much research on it, and I couldn’t find anything online so I figured I should try the old archive.”
How the empty had recreated this, however, was the real mystery. It was something that was unique to Dean Winchester. He was so in tune to his soul that any movement of it within fifty feet called out to him.
“I’m so sorry for what I said. I could never hate you and being gay is not gross. If so then I’m gross too.”
I wanted to be the man of honor. Oh well. Congrats on being gay, here you go.” In an instant he’s gone and in his place is John Winchester in the flesh.
Within five minute Jennifer has cracked the system and is inside waiting for the tall man behind her.
see those gorgeous blue eyes again? You’re the only person who can make me believe in myself. To give me hope, and love. That’s what you’ve given me since you chose me over your siblings. And then you made a deal with the devil. I was so upset but I knew,
He put down the firearm and linked his arms around his hunter before kissing him sweetly, neither one of them heard the younger Winchester approach. *Throat Clearing* "As happy as I am to see your a good teacher Dean, I don't plan on sharing the same lesson with him, that'd be weird." Dean pulled away and gave his brother an impatient look "What do you want Sam?" "I have Cas's new FBI badge, but uh man you need to shave. You can't be an FBI agent with a beard like that." Dammit. He was hoping they could get away with that, hell Sammy's hair was way past the allowed length for the bureau but nobody ever questioned
Breaking his own fucking rule Dean lets a tear slip out but catches it quickly before anyone can see. Cas is a rock beside him, grant it he has his hand over his mouth, but his eyes remain in awe. “Wait a minute who did she choose?” Older Allie is clearly upset, but ‘Duke’ doesn’t waiver. “I remember. It was us, it was
Blackbird singing in the dead of night. Take these broken wings and learn to fly, all your life… You were only waiting on this moment to arise.
“Hey-Hey. It’s me, I’m here.” The angel’s eyes are bloodshot and red but they’re open. Dean has never been happier to see those gorgeous blue eyes in his life. He wraps his hands around his angel’s damaged body and carefully brings it to his own to embrace him. “Never do that again! Dammit Cas. How are you alive right now? Never mind it-it doesn’t matter. I’m just glad you’re okay.” Cas’s breathing is shallow and labored but his chest is still heaving up and down moving Dean along with him. Minutes go by and Dean is still clutching onto the angel as if his life depends on it.
Placing him down on the loveseat, not so carefully this time he goes back for their food. “Pick something to watch. The remote’s right there.” Castiel scrolls through the selections and finally settles on something called “The Notebook.” Another movie is going off and Dean makes it just in time for the opening credits to pop up. He sets down the food on the coffee table and sits next to the angel. “What’d ya pick?” he says handing him his plate and drink. “Something called The Notebook.”
he could do. Cas had done so many things for him and his brother, which half the time they forgot to say thank you. “You’re right, hey Cas? Thanks for saving our asses again man. Sorry we keep getting you killed and what not. Kind of the Winchester curse.” The angel in his arms rolls his eyes, a very human trait he must have picked up from the boys. “I was kidding, but you’re welcome. I’d do anything to keep you safe.” Noticing Dean’s discomfort at the words he add “You and Sam. Like you said we’re family.” A flicker of pain flashes across Dean’s face but Cas doesn’t catch it because soon he is falling asleep
“I like to mix business with pleasure. But no I haven’t seen Moose in ages, don’t tell him hello for me, we didn’t part friends, he and I. He did try to kill me, bloody fool. But then again so did angel boy. All is well that ends well.”
Great. Just one more reason for the hunter to hate him, now Cas had ruined his pillow on top of everything. You need a plan Castiel. Think if this was not Dean what would you do?
When they got into the 67’ Impala, Cas stood outside the car as if waiting for something. “What are you doing man? Get in. You can’t just teleport everywhere. You’ll waste your grace that way, and then what? I know you get brought back every time you die but there’s no guarantee on that, and I, uh me and Sam need you.” Cas laughed at Dean, he fucking laughed at him. In return the hunter gave him a bitch face with what the hell look combined. “Dean, I appreciate your concern but I was just waiting on you to unlock the door.” He blushed as realization washed over him, Oh. The drive over there was awkward, but half the time Dean spent with Cas was awkward. He didn’t know why but it always was like that. “Dean, I know what you meant earlier, and I’m not going to leave or die anytime soon, at least I sure hope not. When my grace fades I’ll be human again, but I plan on spending the remainder of my years as a human with you…and Sam of course.” Once again he blushed and he instantly regretted it, “Okay good. I didn’t plan on going anywhere anytime soon. Except maybe the grocery store of course.” They both laughed and he cherished this moment, Dean never laughed like this anymore but lately he found that when he did it was with him, his angel. Uh the angel. He couldn’t be his angel. They pulled up to the store and got out, as they were walking an older woman smiled at them. “You two are adorable, my son’s a homosexual and he just has the loveliest husband” she said walking towards the parking lot. Dean closed his eyes and gritted his teeth, he had heard this several times in many different ways but it was always with Sam. This time it was different. Sam was his brother which made it disgusting and wrong, but with Cas he didn’t feel so weirded out, just flattered and embarrassed. Cas looked at him with his head turned again and the damn eyebrow scrunch thing that was just too much. “Dean what is a homosexual? And why did that lady think we we’re husbands??” He ignored the question as he blushed again and walked into the store to get the groceries he needed. Onions, peppers, tomatoes, salad for later, and maybe some spaghetti for dinner tonight. Turkey, and beer. He was sure they had bread as he went over the list in his head. Cas grabbed a cart and pushed it towards Dean mimicking the other shoppers movements, he took it and walked towards the pasta aisle. “You said Sam wanted Vegetables, they were back there?” the angel said as he followed him into the pasta aisle. “Cas, you never buy perishables like that first, we’re having spaghetti tonight so I’m buying noodles and sauce first.” “Oh” was all the angel said in response, watching as the other man picked the noodles and sauce carefully, looking at each and every option.  Aha, dean thought as he finally found the specific sauce he was looking for and put it in the shopping cart. Next he would get the salad dressing, he skimmed until he came to right shelf. He quickly grabbed it and bee-lined to the vegetable and produce section. For good measure he also grabbed some milk and orange juice to go along with their very manly breakfast. When he turned around to talk to Cas, he saw that the angel had disappeared, typical. Just typical, he thought and scoffed. He shook his head angrily and walked towards the lettuce, suddenly Cas was in front of him holding a head of lettuce, tomatoes, peppers, and onions. This time it was Dean who moved his head in an odd way, “Uh Cas? How did you know that’s what I needed??” Cas just shrugged his shoulders and put the items in the cart, “As your guardian angel, I am always tuned into your thoughts as well as Sam, but my radio picks up yours more often out of concern…” “Dude, what the hell? You’ve been listening to my thoughts? That is private, man you can’t just go snooping around in my head. It’s creepy!” Cas frowned and walked towards him, “Does it bother you? I only do it so I can know at all times where you, and Sam, are.” He didn’t say anything in response he instead walked towards the front to pay. Freakin angels. “Dammit Cas, you can’t just invade on peoples thoughts like that, it’s not cool. Besides, Sam and I aren’t the ones who just up and disappear like you! We never know where you are! It worries me sick and yet you’re the one who’s tapped into our thoughts??!” Dean huffed as he put the items on the checkout counter and pulled out a fake credit card, he faked smiled at the cashier and slid his card. He grabbed the bags and put them in the back quickly leaving no room for the angel to speak about the outburst. Cas was still frowning as he looked at Dean and looked down as if he were a child that had just been scolded. “I won’t do it anymore, if it bothers you. I’m sorry Dean.” He didn’t bother looking at Cas knowing it would hurt him even more than the words he had already yelled and regretted. It was true, he worried every time the angel wasn’t in his line of sight because he was hunted by anything and everything. He never told anyone, but Sam always noticed how Dean would look around expecting to see the rogue angel behind him like he had after escaping Purgatory. He had never been so happy to see anyone alive in his life, not even Sam, and it scared the hell out of him. He was straight he shouldn’t be so happy to see another man, but every time he saw Cas in the bunker, in his home, it made him happy. He didn’t lie when he said he needed Cas, he did, but not for the reasons everybody thought. The angel completed the hunter, in many ways Castiel was Dean’s Jessica. What the fuck. Man you need to pull it together, it had been awhile since he had gotten laid and maybe that would set his mind right. When they reached the bunker Dean was stopped by a big rough hand, “Dean, I know I leave a lot, and I’m sorry. I didn’t know it upset you so much. I won’t read your mind anymore but if it’s okay, I’d still like to help make the omelets with you.” He smiled at Dean, and grabbed the groceries from him before saying, “Oh yes, I bought you pie as well, just so it would make up for the intrusion earlier. I’m truly sorry.” He handed the pecan pie to his friend and Dean smiled accepting the peace offering.
“We can watch another movie if you want to, I’m kind of hungry though, do you want to get some take out?”
Since then wherever you are, that is where I’ve belonged. Until now. Now I see that I’ve been selfish and I can’t throw myself and my needs on the Winchester’s any longer. As you’ve stated before ‘nobody cares that I’m broken’ so I’m going to care about myself for once. And that means distancing myself
His own dick was in the beginning stages of it as well, and it would be awkward as hell if the angel knew that.
. Not literally, of course, but he was hungry. The diner he’s headed to has the best waffles and he can’t wait for the angel to try something other than burgers. Pulling up to the old hole in the wall diner he cut’s off the engine.
“Sam I’m not going to lead the charge in heaven, it’s too late to go back there, things have changed, and I’ve changed. I can’t leave this how it is, I have to confess something.” Sam put up a hand-
" "You shouldn't thank my father for the modern bathroom, I believe it was a German man who invented it and the use of them." Dean began to protest but snapped his mouth shut quickly when the angel began to take off the doctors coat. "This is not as comfortable as my usual attire Sam, how much longer do I need to wear this?" Laughing as his brother runs into the bathroom "Uh not too much longer Cas, you've been a big help. I can't tell you how grateful we are. Especially Dean." "I'm not sure I understand this, but I find that I lack the emotion to care."
It was frayed in several places and there were obvious cracks in the medley it played, but still beautiful all the same.
Nails are scratching down his back, digging into skin as he pumps his hand up and down their dicks one last time. A deep and gravelly voice that’s almost a whisper yells out “Dean!” as they cum onto the angel’s stomach. He pulls on his boxers before giving his angel his and lays down next to his angel, laying his head on his chest.
, that you’d come back. Loyal as always. Right by my side looking at me as if I was the northern star. And as selfish as it was I kept you around,
Dean nods, “So, what’s the verdict?” “I’m not feeling any broken bones, he has a lot of bruises here and there but that’s to be expected, honestly I just think that it took away his mojo, and since he wasn’t fully back even as an angel, his vessel just needs some time to regroup and pull itself together. Especially now that he’s human.” “You mind driving?” “No, why?” “I’m going to sit back here with him, I don’t want him to wake up and start throwing up or anything.” “Right… Okay.”
Walking back into the motel room he didn’t expect to find Sammy sitting at the makeshift dining table with his favorite food. “Somebody die? Did you sleep with another demon? What’s up?” Sighing loudly Sam looked as if he was about to spill something major. “Dean, we didn’t need Cas’s help, he didn’t need to dress like Dr. Sexy, it was a prank. A cruel one, I realize that now, but I’m truly sorry.” “Wait, what?” He was thoroughly confused. “You had Cas dress up as Dr. Sexy for a prank?” “Yes-but” he was interrupted by Castiel’s sudden appearance.
He looks down at the hunters worn t-shirt and frowns “I’m sorry, it was comfortable. I don’t have any other clothing, and I didn’t know you would mind. I’m sorry Dean.”
“No Dean, that’s not what I was going to say, I had a dream that the, the thing was back. And it gave me my grace back. I didn’t tell you earlier because I was so happy about us, but I’m an angel again, or at least I think I am.”
due to its lack of violence. In the end, he had loved the movie and was glad that he had chosen the ‘chick flick’.
Dean laughs at him again as they walk to the bedroom hand in hand, “Technically you did, were not going slow anymore, well I’m going to compromise.”
, Disney? Children’s movie. Big no. He didn’t need to give the hunter another reason to call him a baby.
Sorry this chapter is so short! I'm just trying to figure out college and well you know how it goes. Hope you enjoy it! Thanks for reading it! ~
Sam is puzzled, he’d never met this woman before, but she was obviously a fellow hunter. “No, no it’s fine. I was just leaving.” He smiles and gets up to leave.
“You’ve done enough for me and Sam to last a million lifetimes, I’m going to get some breakfast do you want to come?” The angel is still sleepy and there are hints of bags under his eyes but he nods anyways. “Let’s go.”
The angel shrugs, “I haven’t except for what I’ve heard in the car with you and Sam. They sing Black Bird correct? I like that song. Therefore I like the band.”
“Shh. Hey. We can eat whatever you want, I’m going to take care of you now, it’s my turn.” He kisses the dark black hair on the angel’s head and rocks him back and forth.
Cas stood over Dean watching his boyfriend sleep with the puppy. “Wise men say only fools rush in but I can’t help falling in love with you. Oh boy am I falling head over heels in love with you. I know you don’t appreciate Elvis as much as I do, but I don’t know many hard rock songs. Oh wait, yes I do.” Thinking back over the lyrics of the song he listened to in the car with his hunter he began to hum the tone. “Take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the boys are pretty. Oh won’t you please take me home.” He was home. Dean began to stir as if he was uncomfortable, he began to whisper something incoherent. “Cas? Cas? No, no I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it.” The hunter was crying now, and Cas touched his forehead, trying to peek into the nightmare. Dean was kneeling over him with an angel blade in hand, oh it was when they had gotten into a fight. Now Dean was full on sobbing over him and holding his limp body trying to revive him. “Come back. Come back. Dammit, come back! Please!” Now he was crying as well, this was too much for him to handle. “Dean. Dean wake up, I’m here.” Removing his fingers from his boyfriend’s forehead, he moved to hold Dean’s face in his hands. “I’m here, everything is fine. Shhh.” “Cas?” “It’s okay, I’m alive baby.” Dean was violently sobbing into his shoulder, “How many nightmares have you had like that?” The only response he was given is a head nod into his shoulder, “Shhh.” He stroked the other man’s hair and rubbed his back. “I’m here, I’m alive. And I love you, okay? I know you never would have hurt me. You stopped, okay? It didn’t happen.” Dean rose his head up to look at him, “It almost did, and I came so close to killing you. I’m so sorry. I’m sorry.” Kissing him on the forehead, he planted kisses all over his boyfriend’s face. “Let’s go to bed. We can leave Harry out here.” “Okay. Alright, yeah.” When Dean got up to move he was stopped by Cas, “No, it’s okay I’ll help. Your nightmare really took a toll on you. “He picked up the surprisingly light hunter and carried him to their room. “Cas? Were you singing to me earlier?” Blushing he nodded, “Yes, I didn’t know the whole song, but I figured you grew tired of hearing Elvis.” “No, I liked it. Sing to me again, please?” Smiling he nodded, “Alright. Wise men say only fools rush in, but I can’t help falling in love with you. Like a river flows, surely as it seems, darling so it goes…But I can’t help falling in love with you.” Now Dean was resting comfortably against his chest, once again he pressed his fingers onto his hunter’s head. This time the dream was peaceful and they were in a suburban home, in his arms he was holding a baby. The baby had dark hair, green eyes, with freckles scattered everywhere. “Hello little angel, how’s our baby girl today?” Their daughter was adorable and he had no doubt that he wanted this dream to become a reality in the future. He removed his fingers from the hunters head and closed his eyes, not sleeping but resting comfortably. “Why’d you stop singing?” “Sorry, you fell asleep, I can’t help falling in love with you. But I can’t help falling in love with you.” He started the song over again while he stroked the other man’s hair. All through the night he sang to his love before it was morning time. “I think you’re going to like what I have planned for today.” He had no clue what Dean was talking about but trusted him completely, “Where are we going?” “That is for me to know, and for you to find out. Soon.” Oh well, this was going to be adventurous, “What about Sam?” “He’s out running again with Harry, said he was going to go a different route though. Guess he didn’t want to run into that chick again huh?” Reading the text off of the phone before showing Cas. He watched Dean crawl out of bed, “Come on, I need to shower, and I want you to help.” With a wink they were off to the shower and that was an adventure indeed. He never knew how kinky the hunter could be, and how dangerous shower sex actually was. Afterwards, they ate cereal in silence. “What’s wrong? We’re going to have fun, is it Sam? He’s a grown moose he can take care of himself.” “No, no it’s not that. I just like your cooking.” “I thought you didn’t eat food?” “I don’t need to, but I enjoy eating your cooking. It doesn’t taste like molecules, it tastes like love and home.” Dean got up and went over to where he was sitting and sat in his lap. “I didn’t know, I’ll cook more often. We’re just strapped for time is all.” Strapped for time? Why on earth would they need to be on time to some place? Weird. As they loaded into the Impala, he scooted over to where Dean was sitting in the driver’s seat. They held hands as they drove for countless number of hours before reaching a high school? “Dean why are we at a high school for adolescents?” Grinning like a mad man he put a finger up to the angel’s lips. “Just trust me, okay?” Nodding in agreement, he followed Dean out of the car. They interlocked hands and walked into what looked like a theatre. “The show has already started, what is this anyways?” On the program they were handed read Supernatural: The Musical. It was well into the second act when he recognized a figure on stage in a trench coat. “Is that me?” They found there seats before he got his answer, the person imitating him on stage was singing a song. “I’ll just wait here then, I’ll wait for you.” How did they know that’s what he said after the phone conversation ended? “This is based off the books that Chuck wrote, he knew everything that happened.” It showed Castiel watching over Dean as he slept, “I didn’t know that anybody knew that I did that…” “I did.” Looking lovingly into each other’s eyes they kissed right there in the theatre. “I love you.” “I love you too.” “Come on, this is only the beginning.” Oh boy. There was no telling where he would be taken to now. “When you we’re human, I wasn’t around as much as I would have liked to be. I was too worried about Sam, and Gadreel wouldn’t have let you stayed. It killed me to tell you to leave, especially after you told us about you and April. But now that your grace is fading I want you to know all the positives of being human.” “Aw, sweetie the best thing about being alive at all is being with you.” “Okay, okay enough chick flick moments, even Sammy said I was being ‘domestic’, but you know what? I kind of like it.” Smiling at each other they got in the Impala and drove for what seemed like hours. “Where are we going?” “You’ll see, just relax and enjoy the ride. It’d be nice if you’d sing again” “Dean that’s very flattering but I don’t know many songs. You can turn on the radio though, and I will sing along.” “Okay.” Turning on the radio he heard Taylor Swift coming through, “Boys only want love if its torture, don’t say I didn’t say I didn’t warn ya.” Dean laughed before pulling into a drive way, trying to figure out where they were he read a Welcome sign with a jar of honey next to it. “Dean, where are we?” “A bee farm where they make honey. I figured you’d want to see it.” He had the best boyfriend ever, and he would be sure to show him that night. “Of course I do. This is so cool.” Walking inside they signed the wavers and suited up to handle the bees. Cas had never smiled brighter than when he was with Dean, bees flying all around them. “They enjoy our presence and are happy to share their hard work with us.” “So that means that I can take some honey home right?” “Yes, we’re allowed to. What will you do with it?” “I don’t know yet, maybe we can store it and use it for some stuff later.” Oh. “This is nice, I enjoy it here.” “Yeah it’s nice isn’t it? They even have chairs for us to sit in.” Dean sat down and motioned for him to come and sit on his lap. Humming along the way he rested his head against his hunters, laughing as the mask got in the way. “Come on that’s get out of here.” “Okay babe.” A bell dinged above their head as they made their exit, “Thank you! Come again soon!” He had no doubt that they would indeed return, maybe Sam could come this time. When they got in the car he heard Dean’s stomach growl indicating that he required food sometime soon. “Are you hungry? We can get some burgers if you’d like.” “Yeah sounds good to me, hopefully they’ll have some pie.” “What is your favorite desert besides pie? If that’s possible.” “PIE!” They laughed and interlocked fingers as they pulled up to diner. “Two please.” The waitress seated them in a booth and set down the menus. “What will you two gentlemen be drinking today?” “Two coffees black, and a coke. Thanks.” “What are you going to order? We should order something odd and different.” “Funny. Who knew angels had senses of humor?” “I’m very funny, if you only knew me when I was in the garrison you’d think I was very humorous indeed.” “Bet you we’re.” He looked at the menu before deciding to order a run of the mill burger. “Two cheeseburgers with everything and fries on the side.” “We are so original it’s crazy. What would your father say?!” Dean frowned, “He’d call me a queer for being in love with a man, and then a freak for dating an angel.” He frowned at his boyfriend, he had only meant to be sarcastic but didn’t know how hard the Winchesters childhood was. Sure he was their guardian angel but he had only assumed that post the last ten years. “Was he always abusive? I mean no disrespect of course but…” “No, he wasn’t abusive, well. Not usually. Only when I lost Sam did he lash out against me. He was just so filled with revenge and bitterness that it over took his whole life. He raised us the best he could but, truth be told Bobby was more of a father to me than Dad ever was. Bobby taught me how to play baseball, he told me how to talk to girls and everything. I think he knew that you and I were in love too because he always checked on me like feelings wise every time you left or went God on us. All Dad ever taught me was how to make silver bullets and sawed off shot guns. Other than that, he didn’t much care about me. It was always protect Sam, watch over Sam. Sam, Sam, Sam. But I don’t hate him for that. I love my little brother and wouldn’t trade being his parental figure for anything. When he would bring a girl home, it was always me she met. If he wanted to do something he asked me, I cooked the meals, and I took care of him when he was sick. I still do. But I don’t care what my father or anybody else thinks about us being together. I cared for too long about that, it’s what stopped me from confessing my feelings for you in the very beginning. I knew when you rebelled for me that you were something different, and after purgatory there just no denying it that I was in love with you.” He was tearing up and it didn’t embarrass him to show what his boyfriend’s words meant to him. “I never knew the extent of it, I’m sorry. But all of those things makes you who you are today, and I would never trade that for anything. I love the man you are, and if that’s because John Winchester was a terrible father then oh well. You are a brave, selfless, strong, sweet and loving man who loves everyone fearlessly. I knew when I first raised you from hell that you were more than just a righteous man, I knew that you were meant to be my righteous man. It’s why I wasn’t scared to rebel, because you, and Sam are my family. If it makes you feel any better my Father is a major douche bag too. And to make things worse he has a serious God complex thing going on.” Dean laughed as he leaned over to press their lips together firmly. “You’re great, you know? And you’re very funny, actually.” “I know.” “That’s another thing, we have got to get you caught up on pop culture okay? I know metadouche filled your head with some things but I want you to experience it for yourself. Sound good?” “Yes it sounds awesome.” “You’ve picked up some Winchester lingo you know that? Don’t worry I like it.” Finishing their burgers Dean turned to him, “So how was the burger? Good eh?” “Yes, it was good. Although Sam tells me that you also make a good burger. Is this true?” “No. I make a kick-ass burger!” His face hurt he was smiling so hard at his love. “I’ll have to see that for myself.” “Oh really now? That’s okay, I’ll show you one of these days.” “Promise?” “Promise.” He realized where Dean had taken him when he saw all the other cars and the movie screen at the front. “What are we going to watch?” “Guess.” “I don’t know tell me? Please?” “Alright it’s called It’s a Wonderful Life. There’s an angel in it called Clarence, that’s why Meg called you that. Also I want you to watch it so you can understand Christmas a little bit.” “Okay love.” You want the moon? I’ll get ya the moon if that’s what you want, just say the word and it’s yours. The movie was half way over and Dean was curled up in his lap. They were sitting on a blanket sprawled out in front of the Impala. He ran his fingers through the light brown hair and made circles on the small of his back. “Do you want the moon Dean?” “Sure Cas, that’d be nice.” “Okay, I’ll call Crowley tomorrow then.” “He’s lucky to be alive, that red eyed bastard. Do not call him, please.” “Of course I won’t but he does in fact own the moon. Well hell does anyways. You don’t want the moon anyways, it’s ugly up close.” Dean chuckled at him, “How about a star?” “Sure thing. Close your eyes and don’t move okay? I’m going to move us to a more remote location so we don’t freak the locals.” “Alright.” They were now sitting in a meadow still on a blanket and in his hand he held a tiny ball of gas, “Here, this is a part of the little dipper, its size is much larger of course, but I had to minimize it in order for it to not burn me or your eyes.” “It’s beautiful Cas. It kind of looks like your eyes, the bright blue of it.” “Thanks. Jimmy’s of Russian descent and they have blue eyes like are like the sea. I can’t say they compare to yours. There very pretty, all of the green and tiny flecks of brown in there is gorgeous.” “Come here” was all Dean said before pulling Cas on top of him pressing their lips together. They made love slowly in an empty meadow where no one could hear there moans and sighs. He wrapped the blanket around them and hummed to his boyfriend, “But I’ve got you, under my skin. And I like you under my skin.”
With that he is leaving the bunker and going to the garage to retrieve his old station wagon he’d left there months ago. He waits, expecting Dean to stop him, but nothing happens so he leaves with one last look at his safe haven.
“I love you.” He wanted to say something back to him but he didn’t get the chance because Dean kept going.
he was growling in the angels ear and if it hadn't been for a banging down the stairs they would have fucked right then and there. "Dean, we need to hurry up and get over to Colby, there's 2 more vics, and I checked them just last night. This has to be an alpha. Cas can use an electric shaver or something just hurry up." His brother was going to give him blue balls, he was sure of it. Not that they actually existed, but he was looking forward to bending his angel over in the shooting range. Truth be told it was a wild fantasy of his. "Dean, it's okay. We can continue this afterwards." Grunting he agreed, they couldn't waste anymore time, people were dying after all. Luckily, Cas had already packed for the two of them. "Fine, come on, he wasn't kidding about the beard. Though I hate to see it go, afterwards you can grow some of it back for me eh?" The angel nodded and held his hand as they made there way upstairs to the bunker shower room. "Alright babe, while shaving with an electric razor is easier, it can still cut up your face so be careful, here let me show first okay?" Once it was on he caressed his angels face and gently slid it down his face to his neck. "We don't have enough time to do the whole thing so I'm going to just trim it a bit." When they finished Dean was in a hurry to load up and hit the road. Sam and Cas came to a road block when they realized they both planned on sitting up front but Sam was nice and let him have it. "We can swap out, deal?" "Deal." Truth be told Sam didn't want to get into a wreck because Dean was too busy looking in the rear view mirror trying to see his boyfriend. Metallica blared through the impala's speakers and the angel internally groaned, he loved Dean but his music choices were too heavy for his taste at the moment. He wanted to listen to more mellow music, "Honey? Do you ever listen to anything else?" "Yeah I have some AC-DC tapes in the back, or some Skynard if you want. Ooh Whitesnake maybe?" Cas shook his head "No I meant-never mind I know the family rules. Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cake hole." Listening to Metallica wasn't Sam's favorite part of the case either but he had an iPod. "Sam? Sam?" Realizing he was being addressed he unplugged the iPod. "Yeah Cas?" "Where did you get your music pod?" He laughed at the angel, "it's an iPod, what, you don't like Metallica??" Not wanting to upset Dean he just shrugged, "Babe, if you don't like it you can tell me. I won't mind. We have different tastes in music, that's okay." Smiling he nodded "No, I like them alright, but sometimes there too intense for my liking, I like more mellow stuff. Like the Beatles, or Mariah Carey." He focused on the road but nodded, "I have a Beatles tape back there, Mom used to uh sing us there songs when we were little. I like them too."
“Are you telling me to leave because I like dick or because I sucked yours?” David grew pale, “Leave, or I’ll have you thrown out.” “’S okay. Wasn’t that good anyways, I just needed a quick lay.” Scoffing the dick went in the back, probably to get security and Dean took it as his cue to leave. He couldn’t exactly tell Sam he got kicked out of a bar for liking cock. The bartender’s to be more specific. It normally wouldn’t be a problem for him, he had learned to suppress his needs for it a long time ago, but seeing Cas dressed like Dr. Sexy threw him over the edge. And somehow he didn’t think that it had anything to do with the case they were working. Sam was definitely up to something…
He stewed on this as he sat on the cold hard floor cutting the phone back on… Sam and Jack would be worried about them, but how was he supposed to explain that Cas had made the ultimate sacrifice?
After changing into the clothes he was given. He lays down and tries to remember the dream. The movie had ended and they were talking about the warehouse and what Dean had said, then they were hugging?
“He wouldn’t have, you Winchester boys were his real family. Not that he ever said that, but I think he was so upset with himself for not being a part of my life when I was younger he punished himself and kept a distance. I only found out about his death when I went to visit him and his house had been burnt down and there was mail piled up. I just put two and two together.”
“Cas if you don’t go find my brother and have a heart to heart right now, I’ll drown you in holy oil. Go.” “Right. Thanks again”
Normally, he would take care of it, but he couldn’t do that with Cas in the same bed. Especially not when the dude was
." Heat began to rise to his cheeks. "Yeah babe you're right, I'll teach you the whole nine- melting down the silver, how to aim, etc. etc." They shared a moment before Sam walked in and cleared his throat, "So are we going on a road trip or what?" Kevin as usual vowed to stay behind to man the phones and the research, he was content staying in the bunker with all the books he could read.
“Dean, I’m sorry. I thought that it was prudent to answer Sam’s call, he may have been in trouble.” Once again Cas apologized to his hunter but he waved it off with bitch face and shrug.
“What are you looking at?” Glancing at the computer screen he tries to peek but Dean covers it up immediately.
He was putting away an angel blade with one hand and the other was pressing a bandanna against his neck.
Dean sat the bags down, unloaded the groceries, and put away the milk and orange juice. Cas grabbed the eggs and other items out of the fridge, “What do we do first?” he asked and Dean took out a bowl. “You crack the eggs first, but you have to be careful to not get any of the shell in there unless you want the omelet to be crunchy.” The angel laughed at the joke and followed his instruction, cracking the egg perfectly; as he did this Dean chopped up Sammy’s vegetables and set them aside. He turned around and turned the stove top on and pulled out a frying pan from above, he was handed the eggs and he quickly made the perfect cheese and bacon omelet for himself. Later he called to his brother, and made his veggie omelet for him. The younger Winchester looked amused at the sight of the two cooking in the kitchen. “Don’t you two look like an old married couple” Sam said as he smiled setting his plate down and pouring himself some orange juice. “We’re not married, bitch.” Dean said as he sat down and put some distance between him and the angel. “Jerk” Sam said laughing at how quickly and easily embarrassed his brother was. “Hey Cas, did I tell you about that Musical that Dean and I saw on a case?? It was about those Supernatural books that Chuck wrote. And -.” Before Sam could say anything else Dean covered the moose’s mouth with his hand. “I swear I will kill you, your children, and your grandchildren if you say one more word.” He muffled into his hand and pulled the hand away. “Dean, Sam, what are you talking about?? What musical?” “It’s nothing Cas, just forget it. Okay?” “No. Tell me what you guys are talking about. Please?” His giant of a brother just looked at him and smiled while he whispered “Deestiel.” And stuck his tongue out at him like when he was a chubby five year old. “Can it and eat your salad omelet, before I shove it down your throat.” “What is a Deestiel? Is it a person you guys met working a case?” Cas asked questioningly. Okay this time Dean was red from head to toe. “It’s not a person Cas. It’s a uh. Nothing okay?? Drop it, would ya?” Jesus he was not going to let this go, later he would kill Sam for opening this can of worms. “Dean, if you don’t tell me what this is, I’ll just ask Sam about it later when you’re not around.” Holy fucking hell he could just picture Cas asking Sam later about it and his brother going into some weird ass explanation that wasn’t true. “Okay. Come on, I’m not going to watch Sam enjoy the benefit of bringing this up.” He walked into the library and sat down pulling a chair out for the angel. “The musical was about the book series Supernatural, remember the books? Well these kids turned it into a musical and it had you in it as well. And uh they thought we were dating. They called it Destiel, like BradGelina or something. I don’t know, but it was awkward, that whole thing was.” He just giggled beside him, “Why didn’t you just say that? What is the big deal?” This made the rugged hunter blush even harder, “Oh, um nothing is a big deal then. I guess.” Cas stood up and went back into the kitchen chatting with Sam, damn that stupid moose. He could hear his brother laughing and talking about the musical. Fuck this, he thought as he walked to his room. He laid down and put on his headphones. ACDC blared through them so loudly he didn’t hear his bedroom door open. The tall Winchester sat down on his brother’s bed and shook his leg, “Dean, I know why you’re so upset about the musical.” He sighed and took off the headphones, “What the hell is that do you think? That I’m in love with a freaking angel or a man to be more specific? Hell no. That whole experience was just awful. I want to forget it altogether but you won’t let that happen, will you?” ‘I knew it’ Sam thought as he shook his head at his brother, “I wasn’t going to say that, but if you really do love him then you should just tell him. It’s obvious he feels the same way about you man, I mean I know you can’t see how you two look at each other but everybody else does, and we all know that you two are madly in love. You’re just too stupid to realize it.” “Sam, I’ve never loved a man in my whole life, especially an angel why would Cas be any different? Why? Because he raised me from hell, saved me, rebelled for me, fell from heaven and has died countless numbers of times because of me.?! I knew when we we’re fighting after I-I killed that kid because of the mark and he never not once fought back. He said to me, that after everyone else had passed that it would be him that stayed by my side. He was saying that he wanted to spend his life with me. Even after every single thing I had done not only to others but to him… He can’t love me back, there’s no way. I’ve done too much. I-I can’t. Besides I’m not gay, I like women.” He was out of breath after finally letting the truth spill out about how he felt and Sam wasn’t even shocked. “Like I said, everyone who can see knows how you two feel about each other. Dean, do you think that he would do all of those things for you, if he didn’t love you??” Sammy was right but he’d never admit it. *Knock Knock* “Dean? Are you still upset about what happened at the store or is it because of the… Destiel thing” Cas asked peeking into the room. “No, no I’m fine. Sam and I were just talking about a case.” The younger Winchester just looked at him as if to say ‘Seriously dude’? The angel walked into the room and nodded towards the door as if to tell Sam to leave already so he and Dean could talk privately. He stood awkwardly, hovering over Dean. “Look, I know I’ve been kind of moody lately and with the mark I can’t even begin to tell you how sorry I am about what happened. I didn’t mean to hurt you, it wasn’t me. I was just so overthrown by Charlie’s death and the mark told hold of me. I would never hurt you intentionally, and if I had killed you I would have never forgave myself. I don’t know what made me stop, but I’m more than grateful that I did. I just, I’m sorry Cas.” He hadn’t realized he was crying until a tear fell down his cheek, he quickly wiped I away before he saw the grown man crying. “Dean. I never would blame you for those things. You weren’t yourself. I knew that, I know what the real Dean Winchester is like, the Dean that I know is sitting on this bed. We removed the mark and you came back to me. To us. I mean. I knew that the man I fell in love with was still there, and it was even more true when you didn’t kill me, just like I over threw Naomi’s mind control, because true love can overcome anything. Family love that is. I uh don’t mean to make you uncomfortable Dean. I just, uh don’t have a lot of experience in this particular area.” Cas said as he sat on the bed and looked his favorite hunter in those eyes of emerald green. “I knew you wouldn’t hurt me. You never have… I’ve hurt you so many times, some so recklessly and casually. I was so selfish that I didn’t think about you or Sam being affected by it. I can never truly tell you in words how sorry I am and how much you mean to me.” “Do you really mean that? Did you mean what you said about loving me?” “Yes-yes of course I just didn’t know how to say it, because I didn’t think that you would return those feelings. But I love you more than anything and anyone. It’s why I listen to your thoughts all the time, and watch you sleep…” Cas loved him. This beautiful, stubborn, and magnificent celestial being actually loved him. “How could I not love you? I love you. You have done more for me than anybody, including my own family. I’ve loved you for a long time, I just didn’t realize it until after purgatory and after that I was just in denial about being with a man, but I don’t care because you’re perfect and I love you just the way you are. Penis and all.” It was Cas’s turn to blush this time, and it made the hunter smile from ear to ear, he was so cute when he blushed. Before Dean’s brain could catch up with his body he was pulling Cas’s tie to bring his lips closer so that he could feel them against his own. “mmf. Dean.” The angel gasped as he pulled away from his hunter to hold his face. He had to double check to make sure this was real, he knew it was because right as he was pulling Dean’s face closer to his own he heard Sam clearing his throat. “Um guys? As happy as I am that you two finally fessed up to being brokeback together, you forgot to turn the stove off so the sprinklers went off. Just wanted you to know…But uh I’ll clean it up, you two just keep it down I don’t want to be scarred for life.” Cas blushed again and nodded as Dean turned over and hid his face in the pillow and mumbled “Thanks Sammy.”
Leaving the small town of Brooks he sighs, his two boys in the back seat would have to change schools once again. It couldn’t be helped, he was close to finding it. So close, that he could taste it.
He had grown fond of the beard the angel had grown, it was weirdly soft and he liked waking up to the feeling of it on his chest. "Are you going to teach him how to shave or should I?" "Why must I shave? I see no problem with facial hair and justice?" They both chuckled, "It's nothing man it's just how the bureau does things, you'll see that soon, so do you want me or Dean to teach you?" The answer was obvious but Sam asked anyways, "If your lessons involve this, then it'd be mighty uncomfortable, I prefer it if Dean continues to teach me. Thank you for your kindness though." Sam nodded and headed back upstairs, "Don't fuck in here! This is a public room!!!" Dean didn't care about public rooms, Kevin was knocked out cold and Sam knew they were bound to mess around down here. "So did you have another lesson planned Mr. Winchester?" Dean smiled a lustful smile and moved towards the angel again, "Oh yeah you are totally calling me that from now on,
This wasn’t uncommon in their relationship. It was just one more way to communicate and he knew that she would understand his pain. But, he didn’t want to kill the honeymoon buble that they had been living in up until Dean’s departure.
When Dean woke up he was still in Cas’s arms, except now they were in his room at the bunker. “Good morning love, I trust you slept well?” He nodded and pressed his lips against the angel’s neck “mmhm. Sure did.” “Good, um Dean, how often do you have that dream?” The reoccurring nightmare had begun directly after he had the fight with his angel, “Ever since it happened, and I always end up killing you. I hate it, because I-I almost did.” “You didn’t, we’re both alive and better than that we’re together. Right? But I wasn’t talking about that dream, although we should discuss that more later on. I was talking about the one where we are in a suburban home with a baby girl. She-she was beautiful, she had your eyes and the freckles I love so much. I wish I could’ve seen more of it.” “It was the first time, but I do want that. I want to have a home with you, and children. Plural. Sammy can always babysit when we need some alone time.” Oh no, he hoped that he didn’t freak Cas out too much by dropping the family bombshell on him. “Uh Cas? Do you want kids? I’m sorry if I freaked you out.” He could feel the angel sigh beneath him, “No you idiot, of course I want children especially yours. The baby even had my dark hair, she was just beautiful.” Good, he hadn’t freaked him out then, “Sometimes, we have more than one baby, sometimes we have a boy and a girl. The boy usually has Sam’s color of hair, that mud brown color, and your eyes, but on its face it has like a million freckles. They’re always beautiful though. All of them, especially the ones that have your eyes.” The Guinea pigs squeaked giving note that they were hungry. “I should probably feed them.” He frowned at the absence of his boyfriend’s body underneath him, ugh he was becoming soft. “Dean, don’t pout I’ll literally be right back. Besides you need to eat something, your stomach is signaling hunger.” Freakin’ angels. “Ugh fine, but maybe I won’t cook for you this time.” “Uh! Come on!” He ran into the kitchen with the angel on his heels when he felt strong arms wrap around his body, “Got ya.” Hmm “Okay babe, but you have to promise me that we will do this again later.” Pecking kisses along his neck he felt his angel hum in agreement. “Ouch. That’s going to leave a mark you know?” “So? I believe those are your words are they not?” Once again he could feel teeth graze his neck, “You keep that up and I won’t be able to do anything except pin you against that wall right there.” The hot mouth left his neck and instead he felt a hand grab his own. “Later?” “Later.” For breakfast he made pancakes and didn’t protest when his angel tied his pink frilly apron around his waist for him. “Is Sam up yet?” As soon as he said that he heard footsteps come into the kitchen. “Sam should be out in a minute, hi I’m Sally.” The woman standing in his kitchen was tall, like inhuman tall. She had dirty blonde hair that curled down her back with familiar honey eyes to match. Cas had gone still beside him, what the hell was going on around here? Yesterday Sam had said that the girl wasn’t his type and too forward. “Babe, you okay?” “Babe? You two are together? I never thought I’d see the day. I mean we all knew but damn.” “Um, excuse me? Who the hell are you, and what the fuck do you know about me and my boyfriend?!” Dean had already moved in front of the woman and held a gun against her chin. “Start talking. Now.” “Woo Dean-o calm down. Don’t you recognize me??” He heard Cas shift behind him before saying “Gabriel. Why are you in a woman’s vessel?” “GABRIEL?! Fucking GABRIEL! Damn angels. No offense babe.” “None taken, Gabe why the hell are you here and what are you doing with Sam? Answer or you’ll die for the final time, I won’t have you coming in between me and my family.” Now his boyfriend was holding an angel blade against the other angel’s chest. “Guys? What the hell is going on?” “Sammy this Sally isn’t who she says she is? Take a gander at who it is. Guess.” “It’s Gabriel. I know. Big deal?” He took a step back, “Big deal? It is a big deal. This douche bag killed me over and over again and stuck us in TV land that sucked serious ass. And you know? How in the hell are you okay with this?” “Does it really matter? Just drop the angel blade, he’s uh she’s one of the good guys.” “I prefer either one, but Gabe in general is fine.” “Shut your face asshole.” His angel really had picked up a few things from them and he wasn’t having any of his brothers shit and neither was Dean. “Are you like possessed? Come on man!” “No, I am not possessed. I finally found my soul mate. I was supportive of you, now why can’t you just be happy for me?” He sighed heavily before removing his gun and pulling on Cas’s arm to make him drop the blade. “Let’s go babe, we don’t have to stay here and listen to this shit.” “Dean, wait. I don’t have many brothers and sisters left. I want to hear what he has to say.” He sat down with his gun still in hand and pulled his angel next to him, but didn’t allow him to sit on his lap. He wouldn’t let his guard down just yet, he didn’t trust Gabriel and he didn’t want Cas getting hurt along the way. “Start talking, now.” Gabriel moved to stand beside Sam, “Well I’d taken a particular interest in ol’ Sammy here and I didn’t realize until I realize until I saw the way my baby brother looked at you Dean that I felt the same way about Sam here. Somewhere in the midst of my teasing I fell in love with his sarcasm and wit and his body, ugh just fantastic right?” Sam was blushing, and started to speak up “I didn’t figure it out at first, but I knew I recognized those honey eyes from somewhere. When he said his last name was Singer and Sally I mean really? Come on, you cheese ball. I knew something was up so I texted her and when we went out all she ate was desert. But I didn’t get it until he slipped up and asked about you. See I never said your name and yet he asked how Dean was. So I pinned him against a wall and asked who the hell he was and why he had been following me. Except then he was a female still in my mind and uh. Well things happened afterwards and I guess he just felt bad and wanted to tell me. I wasn’t too surprised really, but now it all makes sense. Even though he didn’t rescue me like your angel did he did make me realize something, he made me realize that I deserve to have somebody by my side and that he was that person/angel.” Dean was shocked, his brother was going to date Gabriel. “Okay I just have one question, what happened to your other vessel? I mean I’m supportive of you but why did you lose your other meat suit, we’re you really willing to go that far to get in Sammy’s pants?” Gabriel chuckled, “Uh no, my other vessel had taken one too many blows to the head and so I found a new attractive one that I knew he would find appealing. I’ve always liked my eye color though, so I kept it. She had these pretty blue ones but I thought nah mine are way better. I didn’t know however that Sammy here would be so kind to remember what my eyes looked like. But he did.” “How could anybody forget eyes like those?” God, now he knew what his brother meant by the get a room comment and frowned. Him and Cas we’re way cuter, and they were soul mates. Nothing could ever compare to their love story not even his little bro’s. “Well how touching. Sam’s room is down the hall to the left. Go to it. You’re making me and Cas sick.” “Hey isn’t this weird Cassy? Each of us got a Winchester boy, except I got the XL version. Ha!” What the hell. This family really was 50 shades of weird. “Alright now that we have officially become Southern’s, I’m going to hurl.” “Come on, it’s not that big of a deal. Finish your little breakfast Martha Stuart.” “Nice baby.” Now he knew why they were together, together there sass was way too much for any one person to handle alone. His brother was happy, that’s all that mattered. “Can it Sally.” They left the kitchen and headed to the couch to watch TV. “Cas babe, you alright?” “I’m fine Dean, relieved actually. I thought all of my brothers and sisters we’re dead or hated me. Now I have Gabriel again, growing up he was the one who took care of me most of the time. He protected me against Michael. Balthazar was always nice too but I-I killed him…” “You did what you had to do, don’t dwell on it. He’s here now right?” “Yeah he is, and more importantly you’re here.” “And that’ll never change. I promise.” He pulled Cas into his lap and kissed him passionately, things we’re finally falling into place. Suddenly a wet nose was against his hand and he groaned before pulling away from chapped lips. “Sam, you-r” he was stopped short when he looked down and seen that the nose didn’t belong to Harry. “Uh what the hell? Sam!” His giant of a brother walked up Gabriel in hand, “What?” “Why is there a pit bull in my living room? You’re lucky we have Harry but two dogs? Man, that’s pushing it!” “Her name is Lucky and she’s very good, house trained and all.” Dammit, there was already enough animals in the bunker. “Dean, come on she’s good. Please?” “What-ever. But she better not pee anywhere, and don’t let her on the furniture. K?” They both nodded before taking Lucky out of the kitchen. “Dean don’t let them get to you. Come on, you promised me you would let me chase you later. Well it’s later, and I’m in the mood to chase you.” He groaned, “Not with Sam and Gabriel in the house. It’s weird. I feel like its some weird competition. I mean did you see how many hickies they had?” Fingers were on his neck, “You have one here, here and here. I can give you more if you’d like.” “Or I can give you some for once.” The fingers on his neck tightened and he looked up into crystal blue eyes. “Wait.” Ugh if he waited any longer his dick would break because of the strain the jeans were putting on his already hard cock. The ass that was pressing up against it was removed and his boyfriend left the room. “Cas?” In the kitchen Cas was telling Sam and Gabriel to take a walk for a bit so him and Dean could have the bunker to themselves. Gabriel laughed and agreed but Sam was hesitant. “Do not fuck in my bedroom. Okay? I’ll know if you do. And so help me if you do me and Gabe will fuck in the impala and dean would just love that.” “Deal. Now leave.” Cas re-entered the kitchen and sat on his hunters lap, rubbing his ass on the hard dick. Straddling Dean’s hips he rocked back and forth making the hunter groan. “We’ve been over this, don’t tease. Come on babe please? Just move a little bit. Give me something.” “Be careful what you wish for Dean Winchester.” The angel seductively growled in his ear before biting it, he could tease too. He pulled him back from his ear and kissed him and without asking for entrance pushed his tongue into the other man’s mouth. Their tongues danced as their teeth knocked together a few times out of passion. Needing air he pulled back slowly but as he did he took the angels lip with him. Biting down lightly he grinned when he heard the angel groan. This was going to be so much fun, and he was going to make sure to draw it out nice and slow. Letting go he kissed his way along his angel’s scruffy jawline and was sure to leave marks along the way. He nipped and licked until he reached the collar of his angel’s shirt. He slipped off the plain black shirt he was wearing as he undid Cas’s button up. He loved how toned and tan he was and made sure to show it. When he reached the end he threw the shirt off of the other man’s body and immediately latched on to a nipple. Determined to make Cas come undone he circled his tongue around it before pulling on it with his teeth. “De-an. Dmf.” Hearing the angels hoarse voice he felt accomplished. “Beg for it.” “Please-e.” Man, if this is what he could do with his tongue he couldn’t imagine what the angel would be doing once he started using his dick. He let go of the nipple and licked and sucked his way slowly down until he reached his destination. At this point Cas’s was bent as far as he could go, he picked up his angel and moved to the table. Unbuckling the belt he pulled off the dress pants and pressed his hips down onto the angels and bucked. Hating the restriction the jeans were causing he pulled down his own pants and made his way back up to look in lust filled blue eyes. Sealing their lips together he began to circle his hips feeling the other man’s dick rub against his own. Fuck. So much for teasing, he needed to pay attention to his own dick, and soon. Knowing he could wait a little bit longer he made his way down to Cas’s boxers and mouthed at the dick underneath. Finally he pulled them off and circled his mouth against the throbbing and leaking dick. He didn’t spend too much time down there, only enough to make his angel shake a bit, but he wouldn’t let him cum just yet. He still had plans for them. Once again he picked up his angel and received a moan in reply, “D-d” “Shh I’ve got you, I’ll be in you soon enough angel.” Roughly but also gently he pressed his angel against the wall, pressing his fingers into his mouth he sucked on them before circling them around Cas’s tight hole. Moving one in slowly he bit at the thigh that was beside his face as he pulled it out slowly and put another one in. Creating a rhythm he began to rock back and forth before adding one last finger. Finally he found the other man’s sweet spot and he curled his fingers. “Yeah you like that don’t you babe? You’ll be cumming soon enough, just hold out for a little longer.” Giving his dick a few strokes and rubbing it against the ass that was beneath him he lined up to pound Cas. “Dean” was barely a whisper above him and his moans were starting to become louder and louder. Pushing in the tip he picked up the rhythm from earlier and rocked into his favorite angelic ass. Dean was barely holding on himself and so when he pressed a kiss into his angel’s neck and heard the muffled deep groan he lost it completely and so did his angel. After he just held him there before pulling out and pressing a kiss to his lips again. “Dean that was amazing. I should tease you more often.” “I don’t care what you do as long as you use that same sexed out voice every time. Deal?” His angel grinned at him “Deal.” Kissing one last time before letting Cas down and handing him his underwear. “Here, just in case Lucky decides to return.” “I sent them all away for a while, Sam said something along the lines of ‘Don’t fuck in my bedroom.’ Then they were gone.” “Oh okay good, then we can do what we had discussed earlier.” Pulling up his own underwear he grabbed his angel around the waist before whispering in his ear, “Tag, you’re it.” It was on now and he scurried across the floor before his angel could comprehend what was going on. “Dean?” He laughed as he hid behind a wall waiting for him to catch up. “Dean? I don’t understand what is going on? Are we playing a game?” His giggle gave him away as the angel rounded the corner, he ran away again and laughed the whole way. “Dean? This is childish. Come on.” “It is not. It’s fun, now come on.” “No. I don’t want to play, I like being near you and clearly you want to get as far away from me as possible.” Dammit now Cas was pouting. “Fine we won’t play. Come here.” When the angel reached him he smiled a wicked smile and tapped him on the shoulder “Now, you’re it.” Cas was gone, “No fair, you can’t use your mojo to disappear! It’s against the rules!” Where had he gone to now? He ran discreetly trying to be quiet but he knew he was caught when he felt a strong pair of arms against his waist. Fuck, the game was over. “I said you were it. Now you’re really going to get it.” Sure, he was shaking he was so scared. “Yeah. Okay babe. Do what you want.” “Careful Dean.” He laughed again and felt himself being turned around with a hot mouth pressed up against his own. Cas pushed him down to the floor and sat on his hips, “What are you going to do to me?” Smiling his wicked smile again he leaned down and pulled out a… Guinea pig? “Not what I had in mind babe.” “They’re going to cuddle with you. And you’re going to enjoy it.” The rodent was now sitting on his chest twitching her nose. He had to admit they were kind of cute. She crawled up to his neck and tickled him along the way. “I didn’t know you were ticklish under your chin Dean.” “I’m not, the things harry. It just feels funny.” “Bad funny?” “No, babe not bad funny.” “Good, I knew you would grow to like them in time.” Sure he loved tiny rodents, but at least these were cute and they made Cas happy. “I just didn’t have this in mind when you threw me on the floor. I was thinking of something better and dirtier.” “Guinea pigs are very clean despise what you may think. And I just now understood what you meant.” Removing the rodent he snapped his fingers and they were gone but was instantly replaced by his fingers under Dean’s chin. “Stop it that tickles.” “As you wish.” Now Cas was kissing him where his fingers once were and his tongue was licking up and down his neck. “It still tickles.” He got up and moved his ass against Dean’s hips. “Oof.” Cas pulled on Dean’s hair and smiled his wicked smile again. “Is this what you had in mind?” “Yeah except your ass wasn’t on my stomach.” “Oh, well too bad because I like this seat. It’s comfortable.” Poking at the little fat Dean had he laughed, “I think you ate too much pie yesterday, but that’s okay I like your little pudge.” “I do not have pudge. I am a grown ass man with muscles, not pudge.” “It’s a little pudgy. Don’t worry I need some support when we cuddle.” He poked his lip out, “I don’t have pudge.” “Oh you’re right it’s all steel muscle.” Moving his head down towards Dean’s stomach he began to think that he was going to give him head but instead he felt Cas’s mouth blow a raspberry on his stomach. “You’re so weird babe. Stoop stop-pp. It tickles.” “Well you’re just ticklish everywhere aren’t you baby?” Wiggling his fingers against the chiseled and yet somewhat pudgy stomach he blew another raspberry on the stomach. The bunker door opened with a bang, “I hope you two are done fucking because we’re home!” “We are home? Since when does Gabriel live here? Get up man I have to put some clothes on, I don’t want your brother to see me like this. I still don’t trust him.” Instantly he missed the warmth Cas had provided. Suddenly he had clothes on and he looked up at his angel in surprise, “Did you do that?” “Yes, you said it was making you uncomfortable so I fixed it.” “Oh thanks babe.” He helped him up and smoothed his hair down, “Don’t think that this is over, I plan on finishing the tickling later on.” “Woo tickling? What an interesting way to put it baby bro.” “Sam. Can I talk to you alone?” “Sure.” Pulling on his brother’s arm he walked them to the next room, “What the hell. Gabriel is not living here. Nobody ever discussed this with me, I mean shouldn’t he like ask for my blessing or something?” “Dean we’re not getting married or anything just calm down. I know you two haven’t gotten along that well in the past and hell neither did me and him, but he’s changed. Just trust me okay?” “Fine, just be careful. Okay? One wrong move and he’s out of here. No questions asked.” “Yeah.” When they walked back into the living room Cas and Gabriel were laughing. “Do you remember when Michael made the dolphins and Dad was so sure that the shark would eat them? But he was just so insistent on keeping them. He made them very intelligent too.” “Yes. Dad was so upset because he thought his sharks we’re the best sea animals ever created, and he was proved wrong. That was before Michael turned into heavens perfect solider.” Now they were both frowning. Dean broke the silence, “Reminiscing? Are we?” Cas replied “Yes we were just discussing heaven’s greatest creations.” “Ah, and who invented the mosquito? Great creation. A-plus.” Sam replied sarcastically and Gabriel chuckled, “Hun, their actually necessary. Frogs and spiders eat them. But to answer your question it was Ralph. He quote ‘wanted to torture the humans.’ Yes I know Dean-o he’s a major douche, and we all agree.” “Actually I was going to ask who made the platypus but I agree” he said patting Gabriel on the shoulder. Maybe he wasn’t all bad, he was Cas’s brother after all and Sammy obviously liked him. He had to admit Sam looked happy as he laughed in agreement. “I actually made that. It’s my finest creation ever. Besides of course the Winchesters. Just kidding not my department, I was barely a millennium old when you two were created but I do remember the old man talking about your legacy and well you know the rest.” Sammy looked shocked and baffled, “What possessed you to create a platypus? I mean what do they even do?” “What do they do? Nothing, they’re just unbelievably cute. Nothing else is needed.” Dean was laughing and hard, “So wait you created something just because it’s cute? What an abusive of power, wait Cas did you make Guinea pigs?” Cas blushed “No I wish, I was always in the garrison. Soldiers of Heaven don’t get to create things. However Gabriel was always one of fathers favorites.” “Not as much as Luci. He never shut up about him like ever. But it’s true he adored me.” Sam touched Gabe’s face “How could he not? You are undoubtedly adorable.” “Get. A. Room.” “Dean I sat forever watching you two eye fuck each other across the room before you finally grew balls to tell each other how you feel after 5 years. So you don’t get to tell me to get a room, besides when we came in Cas was on top of you. As if that won’t be burned into my retinas.” He was blushing “Shut it. You guys weren’t supposed to be home. And we never eye fucked. He just has really pretty eyes.” His boyfriend was looking at him with a silly grin “Actually we weren’t screwing around as you put it, I was um actually tickling your brother. He’s very ticklish some places.” Dammit. “Babe. That-is-private.” “Oho private huh? You freak you, I can’t believe shy Cassie here is with an S&M guy like yourself.” “Okay this has gone on long enough, we were playing tag you sickos. Besides we’re not the ones with purple necks are we? You two look like a bunch of hormonal teenagers. Come on babe I’m getting tired of all the sass in this room.” “What else did you create?” “Gabriel helped with the makings of many creatures, the moose for example. That was you Gabe right? Or was that Balthazar?” “Cas, I said lets go. I can’t handle their sassiness any longer.” “Dean wait. I want to catch up with him. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen him.” “Ugh. Fine.” “Dean don’t pout. We have all the time in the world.” He stuck his tongue out at all three of them, he did not pout. “Actually Balthy and I both made the moose and I can understand why that dick of hell calls my Sammy here Moose. He is awfully tall and a bit hairy.” “I never understood why he calls me that. Moose are dumb and not to brag but I’m not stupid or sheepish.” God he was so full of himself sometimes, puh-lease. Ugh he was tired of this conversation, he went to the kitchen to get a beer. When he returned they were all laughing about the supernatural books. “No the musical is way better, of course you’re not in it, because you’re not the Winchester’s guardian angel like myself but it’s very good. We should all see it sometime.” “Hell no. I only made an exception for you because I wanted you to see what Sam was talking about.” “Please I am the whole reason you two ever confessed your undying love for each other. Without me mentioning the musical you never would have told him how you feel. Now would you?” Sam had a point, but he wasn’t going to tell him that. “Shut up. I would have told him eventually. Besides you never would have dated Gabe if he didn’t possess a female vessel would you? Exactly.” Cas was now gone and Sam looked pissed. Fuck he never should have ran his mouth now they would all be fighting…
There wasn’t anything to say. While he was grateful to be out and back from the Empty, being human was not what he expected. How long would it be until he was deemed to be a burden and get kicked out like he was last time? Without his powers, what was he to the Winchesters?
Finally they get to the part where Dean and Crowley were traveling the country together going bar to bar to keep the mark at bay. “Sounds like a good friend, demon or not.”
And there it was. “Sam. You know the answer to that. We stay as long as we need to. We leave when we finish the job that’s that.”
Meanwhile Dean is puzzled at what could have gone wrong. Still sitting on the couch he contemplates what he did to offend Cas. His phone rings interrupting his thoughts, SAM appears on his cell.
most people. Going back to their table he raises his eyebrows at Dean. “Where’d you go?” “To the john, you keeping tabs now?” “Uh no, after this I’ll be ready to go. Nobody’s really caught my eye just yet.” Sam wants to say something about the bartender but thinks better of it. When Dean finishes his beer they head back to the motel and Sam decides to turn in early, he didn’t get a lot of sleep last night so he decides to try and catch up.
“You-you what?” “I love you too Dean, I know I should have told you a long time ago, but I too was selfish and I thought you’d be upset and never talk to me again, and after
"Thank you for agreeing to go out with me." "No problem, but why didn't you just ask Dean? I know he doesn't mind." "Yes he does, it makes him uncomfortable and I don't want to do that anymore so I asked you instead. What is good to eat for breakfast?" "Uh I don't know, I ate some cereal but if you don't want that there's a do-nut place up the road. Have you ever had one?" Lost in thought about how he was going to miss the long conversations him and Dean often had about anything and everything he sighed. "Cas? Hello?" "Oh my apologies Sam, yes that sounds good. Let's go there." "Alright." After going in to get him one Sam returned with a pleasant smile on his face. "Why are you smiling?" "Huh? Oh nothing, that girl in there said I was cute. It's been awhile since I heard that. She was pretty but she's only 21. Way too young for me." "That's nice." "Yeah, here you go." "Thanks." He bit into the flaky round thing and knew he liked it instantly, it was very sugary and soft. "This is good." "Yeah, Dean loves them. Don't tell him we went here." "That won't be a problem." "Dude what is going on with you two? I can cut the tension with a knife it's so thick. You guys need to just fuck and get it over with." "Excuse me? What? I don't understand what your saying." "Man, listen I know you're new to the whole human thing and you don't know anything about love so I'm going to tell you. How often do you think of Dean? When you wake up? When you go to bed? All the time? When you see something he likes do you want to find him and give it to him? Do you want him to be happy and safe no matter the cost?" "Yes." "You love Dean." "I know I just I know he doesn't feel the same way, and I don't want to burden him. How did you know I felt all those things about Dean?" "Because that's how I feel about Jessica. And I can see that you and him feel that way too. There are two things you can't hide in this world of humanity Cas. One is sneezing and the other is love. I know for a fact that Dean feels the same way, he's just scared to admit it. Mostly because our Dad was homophobic and told us that if he ever caught us with another guy he would disown us and leave us somewhere. And it's not that he's in love with your vessel he's in love with you, Cas. The angel that rebelled for him and always was there for him. You've been his rock for 6 years. I knew the old Dean Winchester and he wasn't happy, he's only been happy when he's with you Cas." "Is all of that true?" "No, I'm lying, he hates you so much that he left me in a motel room after I had spent the night in the hospital and sped to come get you. Not only that but he literally carried your coat around car to car for months until he found you again, some how he knew you'd be back. Lastly, if not he wouldn't have put up with your crap. Like disappearing and making deals with Crowley, leviathans, purgatory. Need I go on?" "No. I understand." "Good let's go home." He was still very concerned with how Dean would take the news but he decided not to bother Sam with it. When they got to the bunker Sam patted him on the shoulder "Just be honest about how you feel." Nodding he went to his room, and retrieved Dean's clothes before trying to find him. Dean was sitting on the couch watching Game of Thrones with Kevin. "Hello Dean." "Cas." "Can we talk?" "I'm kind of busy right now." "I understand if you're mad at me, and I apologize for my behavior earlier, but I'll explain I just need to talk to you." "Ugh fine. Kevin pause it. You've already watched it anyways." They walked into the library and noticed Sam sitting at the table. "Sam's in here, I'd prefer it if we talked in private." "Fine whatever, let's go to my room." Dean led the way and sat down on his bed. He remained standing by the bed not wanting to intrude too much on his personal space. "Cas sit down. This is awkward enough without you standing there looming over the bed." "I'm sorry, I don't want you to feel uncomfortable." He sat on the bed and before he could began to apologize again Dean spoke up "I'm sorry for being a prick last night. I shouldn't have said all that, you can sleep in here whenever you need to." Now he had lost his train of thought and what he wanted to say, "I've lost what I was going to say. I'm sorry for um being rude to you this morning but after last night I felt it best to distance myself from you because I know how uncomfortable I make you." "Uncomfortable? Really? You've been dis-concerned with personal space for years and now that your human you're concerned with me being comfortable? Cas one of the things I like about you is that your unchanging. You're always there when I need you, always by my side. Faithfully and loyally waiting on me to ask for assistance, and for once I wish I could return it but I always end up screwing things up and being a dick in the end. I just never know what to say. All I know is you don't make me uncomfortable. I'm never happier than when I'm with you, when I'm not with you I want you here with me. I'm the one who should apologize not you. You treated me the way I deserved to be treated. You should stand up for yourself more often." "I wasn't standing up for myself I was distancing myself from you and if I wasn't human I would leave." "Why on earth would you ever distance yourself from me? How could you possibly think that is what I want.?" "Because I'm not an angel anymore! I'm human. Useless. All I am is a burden." Now he was beginning to cry and he hated it. Suddenly Dean put his arms around him and pulled him tight against him. "You are not a burden and I never want to hear you say that ever again. Okay? I want you here with me forever, if you want. I know someday you'll fall in love and marry somebody but until then you can stay here with me, well us." "I've already fallen in love with somebody." Dean removed his arms and frowned "Oh really? What's her name?" He still didn't know how he felt about him, he thought they were just friends. "Nobody. I was only teasing." They were very close still and he saw a hand make it's way to his face. "Good, because I'm in love with you Castiel." Dean. Winchester. just confessed that he loved him. He was going blank at what to say he had a million thoughts running through his head before but now they ceased to flow. Only one was going through his mind, I'm in love with you he said. He loves you, you idiot. Say it back! "Cas. Man I'm so sorry I thought that you were telling me something and I just uh I over read it I'm sorry." he said before moving away. "Dean. I love you too. I've loved you for a very long time, since I touched your soul I have been hopelessly in love with you. It doesn't help that you're absolutely the most handsome man I have ever seen. Don't think for one second that I don't love you back. I love you so much Dean Winchester. I do. I love you and your stubbornness and courage to do whatever has to be done. I love how selfless you are all the time thinking of everybody but yourself." Dean was speechless, "You love me back?" "No, I just like telling people that for no reason to see if they'll let me live with them and kiss them and stay with them forever. Of course I love you. How could I not?" "I don't know what to say, this is all new to me man." There it was. He was waiting on his hopes to fly away how could Dean Winchester love him? A stupid fallen angel who was now a human. "Forget it, I was foolish to think this could actually work. I mean I'm in a male vessel, and you have often expressed how much you love women and strippers so. Forgive me. I'll return to my room now." "Cas I do like women, but I love you. I don't care that your a man, you're Castiel, Cas. The angel I fell in love with years ago. I'm just too stupid to realize it." He didn't have much experience in sexual relations but he knew that humans liked to press their lips against each other, he learned that from the pizza man. So he decided to try it out on Dean, he closed the space between them with his eyes closed aiming for Dean's mouth. He missed. Instead he got his cheek, and the hunter laughed at him. "Let me Cas." He moved his hand to hold the angels face and kissed him slowly at first and then pushed his tongue into his mouth. Dean tasted like whisky and burgers and he loved it. Trying to mimic the hunters motions he moved his head and pressed his lips and opened his mouth before sticking his own tongue into the hot mouth. Never had he known what it was like to stick his tongue in somebody's mouth but he enjoyed it and so did Dean apparently because he groaned beneath him and removed his mouth and moved it to his neck. Dean's teeth were nipping at him and licking on his hot skin and he gasped at the contact, damn this felt good. Pulling up his face he sealed their lips together again before moving to the hunters scruffy jaw and making a trail of kisses and bites until he reached his ear. "You have no idea how long I have wanted this Dean Winchester." Suddenly Dean was moving them to where he was on top and he whispered in his ear before biting it. "I think I do." Hands began to find their way down his body and he groaned remembering the erection thing he said. "Dean I think you're giving me an erection. My pants are very uncomfortable right now and I'm not fully aware of what's happening. Dean moved off of him but remained close, "Shit, sorry. We should slow down, but um, if you want I can get rid of that for you." "Please Dean, it's very uncomfortable and it's beginning to hurt in these pants." "This is an exception to the rule okay? After this were going to go slow but I can't leave you like this it's cruel. Besides I caused it. Right?" "You know you did." "Good. Then I won't feel so bad about doing this." He removed his trench coat and began to unbutton the shirt underneath. Kissing up and down the angels chest he groaned "Dean. This is making it worse, please do something." "I'm getting to it babe." Babe. He called him babe. Cas liked the sound of that. His pants were being unbuttoned and he raised his hips off the bed so they could be removed. Dean's hand was now on his growing erection and he began to rub it while he remained kissing his chest, then he began to lick down his stomach and Cas couldn't take it. Where was this going? Was Dean going to eat his penis? He took his hand and pushed slightly on the hunters head, "alright alright I can take a hint" he said laughing. Stroking his dick through the boxers was enough to make him release semen but he decided to wait to see what Dean was going to do. Removing the angels boxers Dean licked the precum already beading out of his dick. The feeling was hot and made his stomach coil with lust and desire, suddenly his dick was being licked and sucked on slowly. The hunters tongue was licking around his dick and his hand was on his balls and the rest of his length. "Dean something is happening. I feel as though I'm going to explode." "Shh babe I got you. Just relax and let me help you." His stomach began to tighten and he moaned out loud. "Dean!" Semen was coming out of his penis and was all over Dean's face, but he didn't seem to mind. Instead he licked it up before pulling up the angels boxers. He kissed him and he could taste himself on the hunter, "Yes. Thank you."
“I heard you, I tried not to listen because I was so angry but I couldn’t stop. I’m sorry Dean, it’s just.”
~NOTE: This is my view of what I want to happen after the Mark of Cain has been removed, but I’m annulling the “darkness” that has been unleashed because we don’t really know much about it. This is just a destiel fanfiction of Dean and Cas becoming a family, oh and a of course I’m not going to leave Sam to hang and dry. He will also have a love interest, mainly because I’m tired of the writers not giving him anything, I mean he doesn’t even have a dog? Seriously. Sorry rant over. Enjoy the feels. 
“I’m no expert at what’s rude to humans but wouldn’t it also be rude to lie to me just to prank your brother? Did you even consider
“Go to sleep Cas.” “Dean?” “Yeah?” “Thanks.” “You’re Welcome.” Soon, Cas is asleep against his chest, breathing softly.
Cas picked up Dean and turned the TV off, with Dean’s arms wrapped around his neck he took him to their bed. Singing the whole way there he placed him on the bed. When Dean shifted he stroked his hair, “You’re okay baby, and I was just moving us to the bedroom.” “Alright.” With Dean laying his head down on his chest he closed his eyes. Waking up surprised he rubbed his eyes, had he fell asleep? “Morning babe, by the by did you sleep?” “I uh guess so that’s never happened before though. I must be closer to becoming human than I thought.” “Whatever happens we’ll get through it, and I like you sleeping next to me. Also I like using your chest as a pillow and you’re getting kind of pudgy yourself.” “Really? I’ve been working out with Sam every now and again to maintain muscle.” “No not really and I was meaning to ask you about that. You are really sexy you know that? All muscle and tan skin makes a guy go crazy.” “Please, it’s all Jimmy not me.” “Screw Jimmy this is you babe. Jimmy died a long time ago. All of this is Cas.” “You’re right honey.” Pressing kisses to his neck before getting up to get dressed, and man if he wasn’t going to enjoy the view. “You know you’re the one with the ass that doesn’t quit.” Dean started to wiggle his ass and slowly put on his jeans. “Oh Dean, there is something I have to ask you. Gabe brought up the sex of the baby and I told him I would ask you. Do you want a boy or a girl?” “Honestly I haven’t thought about it, I mean either way I’ll be happy.” “I feel the same way. I’ll tell him to surprise us with the gender.” Getting up to get dressed he ruffled through the hunters dresser drawers. “What are you looking for?” “Different clothes to wear. The trench coat and suit is all I own, and it gets a bit uncomfortable sometimes. I thought I could wear your clothes, if you don’t mind that is.” “No of course I don’t mind. Here wear this.” He handed him a sweater with blue print on it. When he put it on it was too big for him but he didn’t mind, then he slipped on some jeans. “You look great in my clothes. Just adorable.” “Thanks, let’s get some breakfast. I want to talk to Gabe about the baby.” Walking to the kitchen to see that Gabe and Sam had already made breakfast. “I made you some bacon and eggs. Dean Specialty.” “Thanks Sammy.” When they were finished eating Cas changed the conversation to the baby. “Dean and I discussed the sex of the baby and we decided that we would be happy either way.” “Great! It’s a girl. Congratulations!” Sam was smiling ear to ear, “Have you thought of any names just yet?” “Um no not really, Cas do you have anything in mind?” “What about Mary? After your mother.” “That’s sweet babe, but Sammy called dibs a long time ago.” “What about Eliza?” “I like that name, we could call her Lizzie.” “Sounds perfect to me” “Alright get a room you two.” “Can it Sammy.” He stood up and took Dean’s hand with him, “We better get going if we want to find a good house.” “Oho baby bro house hunting now? Little Cassie is all grown up.” He rolled his eyes “I’m not much younger than you Gabriel.” Leaving the bunker hand in hand they headed out to look for a house. “Do you have an idea of where we should start?” “No but I trust your judgement Dean, you did look up available houses online right?” “Yeah, and I looked at the school ratings for the neighborhood. We’re only going to look at the ones with the best schools.” “You’re already the best Dad. Eliza is going to have the best Daddies.” The first house they looked at was really nice but Dean didn’t like the kitchen, and he didn’t like the yard. The number one on his wish list for their new home was a nice garden, he would have bees and flowers everywhere. He couldn’t wait. “Dean, you’re right about the kitchen but the bedroom is very big. I don’t really like the yard, I want to have a garden and maybe a pool.” “Yeah I know, I considered that. Then we can have pool parties like a regular run of the mill family.” “That sounds nice honey. Eliza will have a great home.” “Come on we still have another house to look at.” The next house was the first one on the street and a new Victorian two story house. It had a nice and spacious yard due to its location and a pool in the back yard. The roof looked like it could use some work but everything else appeared to be up to shape. “What do you think so far babe?” “I like the yard, it has good soil to have a garden in.” “It has a pool out back too, but we should check out the inside before we write any checks.” “I thought we weren’t going to write a check, Gabe said he would buy it with Balthazar’s money. He left it all at his house where he kept heavens weapons. Very foolish, but lucky for us, no?” “Huh, and yeah guess so.” The front entrance had a coat room that they both liked, the living room was adjacent to it and was quite big. The kitchen and dining room were down the hall and Dean gasped when he saw the kitchen. “I’m sold. This kitchen is awesome.” It had all new appliances and marble countertops with black tile flooring. “This floor looks like the perfect place to fuck.” “It looks awfully uncomfortable Dean.” “We’ll throw down a blanket or something.” “You and you’re crazy fantasies babe.” “You have no idea.” He was starting to get the picture though. “I can already smell the pie’s baking in here, and the burgers grilling out back by the pool.” They left the kitchen to explore the rest of the house and found it had a study, three bedrooms, and two bathrooms. “The bathroom is nice, but it doesn’t compare to the letter’s shower room because that tub is just awesome. The Jacuzzi is nice though.” “I can only imagine the things you have planned for us in there.” “Oho you better be ready for what I have planned for us in this house, because it will be wild ride.” “Besides the bathroom being too small what do you think babe? Do you love it or is it just me?” “I love it.” “Good so do I.” They called Gabe and Sammy with the news telling them to seal the deal. “I want Castiel and Dean Winchester to be the name on the title okay?” He was glad Dean wanted him to have his last name, if it was legal they’d make it official. “Now we have to pick out furniture and the whole works.” “I think it will be fun honey, we get to create a new home and future.” “Yeah we do. We should celebrate.” “Hmm what do you have in mind?” “Burgers, pie, and sex. What else?” “Of course what better way to celebrate?” “My thoughts exactly. Let’s go.” When they got to the bunker Lucky and Harry were curled up on the couch right next Sam and Gabe. Any more couples and they would turn into a group, but now the four of them could double date.
