Kissing the crown of Peter’s head and rubbing his back lovingly Tony let out apologizing purrs. “I’m sorry Pete but I got caught up in the lab last night, you know how your aunt loves to torture me with new projects.” Yeah, Tony felt terrible, lying to his pups felt just so wrong but what was he supposed to do? Harley was still sensitive and just merely managed to calm his overpowering instincts, thus, Tony couldn’t risk triggering him once again.
“To my defense it was totally Peter’s idea”, Harley answered with a small glare towards his brother.
However, Steve had an idea, a risky one but if even his scent couldn’t calm Peter down there was only one thing left to try. He couldn’t get the kid home like this after all.
The voice of his eldest reached his ears and Tony immediately forgot about his misery. His pup was there!
That said, the Alpha nearly jumped up when he parked the car and hurried to open the door, to run around the vehicle and open the door for the dazed looking Omega staring at the man in wonder.
The Alpha across the room glared at the genius with a fed up expression and quickly crossed the room without a second thought. Someone apparently had to talk some sense into the idiot, she thought bitterly.
So Tony really understood his inner Omega who was craving the man in front of him unhealthily. Though, the genius still had his brain, not heat influenced this time, and it was screaming at him to abort the mission, not wanting to talk to the unreachable man in front of him and possibly trigger another anxiety attack.
“Alpha,” Tony mewled into the blond’s ear as he arched into the touch of the man, biting his lip at the sudden squeeze of his ass. “Can you do something for me, Alpha?” With another purr Tony planted several kisses against Steve’s cheek, everything to get what he wanted.
“Shhh, kid. It’s all good, nothing happened, no need to apologize.”, Tony reassured the fumbling boy and swiftly pulled him into his arms, smushing his face into Peter’s hair, inhaling the scent of his kid leisurely.
Tony rolled his eyes playfully, scent spiking with annoyance. “Gee, how many people are going to remind me today? If you haven’t noticed I’m obviously an adult, Alpha.”
Thor joined Clint’s laughter and even the two boys, who looked spooked just a few moments ago, sported grins, clearly amused at a grown adult being dealt with by their mother.
“Hey! Watch it birdbrain! I could still take you on any time!”, Tony complained loudly, having recovered from the shock of suddenly seeing his teammates in the doorway. Screw them, it was his tower, he could make out with Steve wherever and whenever he wanted to. The genius had no shame like that.
Got a caffeine and energy drink affected superpowered spider kid back to sleep. They deserved a fucking parenting medal after this night, Tony kept thinking drily as Steve stroked through the brown haired boy’s hair.
The Alpha, in fact, was staring at the Omega, still sheepishly grimacing and waiting on the other man to say something. God, he planned for his first meeting with Tony after his heat to go differently.
Steve’s eyes grew wide at the pups discovery. It was his first courting gift for Tony, he planned on presenting to the Omega after they talked.
“You better start fucking me now Steve,” the genius moaned out, hand reaching down to rub his palm against his aching cock.
To his surprise the door was ajar, thankfully sneaking in he analyzed the room. “Tony! What’s going on? Where are you? Are you hurt?”, he called out, his voice echoing through the big lab.
“Never heard of him again, I actually think Pepper successfully managed to sue him, the goddess she is”, the genius laughed lightly.
Tony wanted to cry. Now he fucked everything up. He would never be able to act normal around the man again. Not after what they’ve done together.
“Did I say Bucky? I obviously meant Bruce. Well, I really need to go. We should do this again and uhm you look lovely wearing the collar.” With that the blond left in a flash leaving Tony sitting at the table dumbfounded.
Sex with Steve Rogers sure wasn’t boring, Tony thought tiredly and sighed against the man’s thigh. He was so damn tired now.
Tony couldn’t stop thinking about it. His own cock was now rock hard, precum slowly forming at the tip and staining his loose underwear from the night before. How the hell was he always reacting so strongly, what was it about Steve Rogers that made his mind stall completely, as if his brain could only revert to its basic instincts.
It was nearly impossible not to see the tall Alpha specimen, a super soldier, Captain America, the pack Alpha of the Avengers as reliable or trustworthy.
His boyfriend was already waiting in the hallway, extending his hand wordlessly, nodding towards their bedroom.
What time was it he thought groggily. He followed a pleasant smell towards the kitchen blindly and came to a stop in the doorway. His Dad and Steve were both working at the counter, cooking what looked and smelled like homemade Spaghetti.
Tony started purring out of instinct, anything to get his pup to calm down. His hand sneaked into the boy’s hair, familiar locks twirling around his fingers as he caressed the Omega’s head lovingly, mouth set in a firm line and eyes shining with worry.
Steve chuckled at the cheeky and rude answer but complied anyway, not having the patience to wait any longer himself and swiftly lined up, slick pouring out of the Omega’s hole and coating his cock hotly. Without another thought the Alpha shoved right into the wet, tight heat and snarled loudly at the feeling. Yes, this, this was missing last night. The ultimate act of and Alpha and Omega coming together.
Quickly Steve pulled down the ruined pants, freeing the Omega’s cock and exposing his whole body to the Alpha’s hungry eyes.
The silence that followed his story made him nervous, hoping Steve would understand now. Tony just wasn’t an Omega someone would want to mate.
Like that Peter sprung out of bed with a wide grin and promptly ran up to his mother for a hug. “Morning, mom!!”, he greeted happily.
He regretted ever meeting that dickhead. Still, without him he wouldn’t have Peter and he was so damn thankful for his second pup.
“What does it feel like? To be the son of an Omega slut who can’t even be satisfied by one Alpha, who got pregnant from getting his hole filled by random Alphas?”
Not even a second later an alarm sounded off in the living room, making Tony cry out himself in pain. “Jarvis, what the hell?”
“Harley”, he started with a now noticeably calmer voice. “I’m aware your instincts must be riled up at the moments but nonetheless this is no way to behave in front of a superior Alpha and most importantly your own family”, Tony explained carefully, staring at his son intensely.
Harley smiled faintly at his Omega brother and nodded. “Yeah I’m in need of a nest night as well.” It would probably help with his current inner turmoil, the feeling of family and safety always relaxing him on a level nothing else seemed to work. Close proximity to one’s pack worked wonders, everyone knew that.
And now Tony went from looking embarrassed and bashful, hiding behind his hands -a look Steve secretly treasured but would never under any circumstances admit to- to wickedly grinning back at him with soft eyes.
The white dress shirt and the forest green, casual jacket complimented his dark hair beautifully, while also bringing a dash of colour into the mix while the unbuttoned collar screamed ‘claim me’. A true temptation to any Alpha.
Well and what could Tony say except approve of the idea. Precisely it was a rather good plan as he could feel his own maternal instincts flaring up at random times of the day, a sign of being deprived of the closeness to his children. A nest night it was then.
Jason snickered at the wide eyes of the boy on the ground and laughed at the missing answer, aware the Omega was too intimidated to dare answer them. They had the upper hand and boy did the group of Alphas love that.
“Hey! I wasn’t the one clinging to you for hours!”, Harley exclaimed from the kitchen counter and threw his brother, who was unaware munching on another piece of bacon, a small glare.
Still, he was too far gone to be thinking about this for longer, his hard dick a constant reminder of his situation. He had to get to his bedroom, the bedroom with all his heat toys, one being his favourite blue knotting dildo that always managed to make his toes curl in delight. Fuck, why did he even hide in the lab in the first place?
Steve, to his surprise again, let out a short laugh, eyes crinkling at the corners. And, okay, Tony appreciated the handsome man in front of him, he always does, especially when he smiled. But, still, was his coffee spiked this morning? Because he was sure Steve would have reacted differently.
Now Peter was a good student, easily amused and interested in nearly everything that he came across which consequently earned him the highest grades in every class. Except history, a subject he studied just as hard for as for the others but Mr. Johnson, no matter what, had been refusing to give him the credit he deserved.
Both men looked at each other, silently communicating, trying to come up with any battle plan for their 16 year old kid. Ridiculous to be honest.
Still, he regained his posture and looked at his kid in shock. “Wait you don’t remember what happened yesterday?”
Jason shook his head at the question but the blond didn’t even give him time to answer before continuing.
“It’s part of my algorithm you have programmed yourself, Sir”, the AI answered, sounding as sassy as artificial intelligence could. Tony laughed lightly. “Don’t tell anyone we're back yet and especially not my kids.”
Besides, Natasha wasn’t even home, a mission in France occupying her time at the moment, so where was he supposed to run to? Pepper was out of question, being busy with Stark Industries relations, which reminded Tony of the heaps of unfinished projects strews around his lab just waiting for him. He sighed at the reminder, yeah, neglected work would kick him in the butt sooner or later. The one doing the kicking being Pepper at that.
And with that the Omega walked away, disappearing into the kitchen just like his pups and taking his scent with him, leaving a grim looking Alpha behind.
Also this chapter is so freaking long it kinda even surprised myself. The usual chapters of this work aren't that long, it just turned out like this because many important things happen this time.
The other man was cowering at the displace and looked at him expectantly, trying to stir him into motion, to set an end to the stupid Alpha dick measuring contest. If only Nat was there at the moment. She wouldn’t hesitate to stomp some sense into the thick skulls of the growling Alphas.
Couldn’t Tony see it himself? The raw and intense instincts Steve acted on around him? The situation with Harley was the perfect example of an Alpha trying to impress an Omega and not backing down no matter what, even if it was just a pup challenging him.
Steve for his part blinked slowly at the sudden presence in front of him and the sweet, intoxicating smell coming from the neck pressed to his nose. Tony. The Omega,
“Then roughly one and half years later, now with me working at the company full time with the help of Pepper everything changed once again when I met Andrew during a business meeting with another company. We hit it off quite quickly and before I could think about it we went on dates and all those couply things.”
His teacher arrived shortly after and before she could even open her mouth to bid them good morning one student sprung up. “Mrs. Adams we have a guest!”, a girl, Peter didn’t even remember the name of, declared with a pointing finger at a mortified Steve.
As calmly as ever, well minus the obvious fangs peeking out, the man looked down to catch the eyes of the now crying boy. “You think Omegas are weak and useless, boy?”
At the same time Steve tried to understand the range of emotions the Omega was currently going through. He woke up smelling a strain of bitterness beside him coming off the genius in waves ever so often accompanied by a few omegan purrs here and there.
In the end Bruce was the only one who joined them and abruptly chuckled at Clint retelling of the Alpha fight of the century that nearly took place in their kitchen.
Worried lines appeared on the boy’s forehead as he thought about the many possibilities of what could be wrong with his brother and with a small whimper that escaped his mouth he could already feel his anxiety bubbling up again. His instincts going haywire at the possibility of his pack mate, his brother, being in danger.
The Omega could only whimper as the Alpha slammed home and promptly kept on trusting, chasing his orgasm blindly all while simultaneously stroking Tony’s cock. His hand held onto the bedding under him, trying to hold against the strong trusts while his other hand reached backwards to take grasp of the Alpha’s soft hair. The hold was firm and directed the man’s mouth against Tony’s neck, silently demanding him to keep on biting, kissing, anything really.
Reaching down and grasping the bottom of his shirt the man pulled it upwards, exposing his heated body to the cool air, a short relief. Lifting the shirt higher he pulled back from the Alpha’s irresistible mouth and pulled the cloth completely off his body, throwing it somewhere on the ground.
Under these circumstances, however, Tony didn’t even think about mentally imprinting the image of an apologetic looking Steve into his brain. Okay maybe to some extent. The Omega had to act like the responsible parent he was at the moment and thus he set on his most disappointing glare, innerly grinning at the retreating Alphas in front of him who looked like Tony was about to smite them with his own omegan growls.
“Captain, sir, what-”, the teacher got pale and stammered at the presence of the famous living legend.
The struggling genius snorted as he kept pulling at his bindings, getting more fed up the more time passed. “What do you think happened, Cap? I walked right into this trap, in the dark, on the way to the bathroom.” Not like Tony volunteered to be stuck like this, even though on any other occasion, preferably Steve and him alone, naked, in their bedroom , he’d be game. But certainly not like this.
A teacher, Mr Johnson, his history teacher has for some reason always disliked the young boy since the start of the school year. Perhaps it was because of his experiences prior with Harley or the fact Peter managed to fall asleep during his class a few times before. But his grades suffered, which was, according to the teen, simply unfair.
Yet, nothing like that happened and the scent in the air changed from anger to a sweet comforting smell. Then a broad hand suddenly reached across the table and finally settled down on the Omega’s own right hand, the warmth that followed feeling pleasant.
Peter leaned against the wall a few ways down from Mr. Johnson’s classroom and texting his brother. Though he didn’t receive any answer and when he tried to reach his mother he also did not reply, which was just plain out weird considering his Omega mother was pretty protective.
Tony looked up with wide eyes suspiciously. “That’s- that’s all you’re going to say?!”, he wailed at a calm looking Nat and set his mug down on the table forcefully. “Now counting I had sex with Captain America, Steve Rogers, three times already! That’s not- it’s not...uhh.”
The understanding smile he received from the brown haired boy didn’t help at all and only hurt his heart more so.
The beautiful Omega silently provoked him, the now pleasant, content smell from the man, which replaced the anxiety ridden smell, was tickling his nose in the most teasing manner and he had to stop himself from sniffing loudly every few seconds.
“No details whatsoever? You wound me, Alpha,” he whined as he walked back to his worksheets, Natasha trailing behind him with a playful roll of her eyes.
The next moment Tony completely lost trace of his thoughts as a hot breath covered his dripping hole, a moan being the only thing Tony could let out at the sensation. The forceful lick that followed the intrusion only spurred him on more. Mindlessly he bucked up against the willing face behind him and massaged the dick in his mouth even more intensely.
Then, finally he could pick out some words, Harley repeatedly forcing out the words ‘Fucking Alpha’ was what stilled the Omega.
At that Harley grinned slightly and shrugged with his shoulders in a ‘what-can-you-do’ matter, scent slowly losing its bitter aspect.
Steve sighed into Tony’s neck and retraced his hands of his lover carefully, though, still keeping one arm around him as he faced Natasha and, as it turned out, their other teammates standing in the entrance to the common room.
This was why you don’t have sex with Alphas. You let them in once, literally, and they start acting all possessive like cavemen. Yeah, no fun, Tony thought and ignored the part of his Omega nature who preened at the blond’s actions. No, absolutely not, horny Tony was grounded for the next weeks and should absolutely think about his actions, the situation he got them all into.
Though, she was already gone, with a smirk being the only thing Tony saw before the doors closed again.
No one was bothering them, probably already aware what was going on and food being no problem since Tony, to no one’s surprise, always had a small stocked fridge in his room.
It was a photo of him wearing a frilly apron in the common room kitchen, waving a hand at the camera and proudly holding up a stack of pancakes. It wasn’t a bad photo, not at all, but the man was rather surprised where the kid had gotten the picture from because the person who took it was no other than Natasha.
Which was why the Omega had to get away from the blond, the situation getting more risky the more both of them were confronted with each others scents. Tony breathed in deeply and the moan that involuntarily left him made him blush a deep scarlet. A scent! He moaned because of smelling Steve’s scent. What the hell, that never happened before.
Tony, on the other hand, sensed the purring coming from the other man and started purring right away, his Omega signaling the other of his contentedness.
Thankfully for the menu Tony held it in front of his face, trying to concentrate on the words describing the food in the restaurant and avoid awkward small talk. God, he never knew a small booklet could be his saviour when facing Captain America.
Steve was sure he was in heaven at that moment. His Omega, perfect as ever, looking so good wearing the collar, sounded so beautiful whimpering and the kisses. Oh god the kisses, Steve was so whipped already. “Anything, Omega”, he breathed out and buried his nose in Tony’s soft locks, the sweet smell flooding his nose.
He just had to breed this Omega until he was dripping with Steve’s cum, hole gaping wide and voice rough from screaming the Alpha’s name.
Yeah, Tony didn’t know. His reaction to the blond Alpha since they’ve had sex was apparently ten times worse.
Steve stammered lightly as the boy only stared at the man, slurping his drink loudly in the process.
“Stevee, don’t- don’t come closer. You-you need to leave!”, the Omega stammered, while a pant left his lips.
There he was, his kid, well their kid if Tony was being honest, though it was no time to contemplate that topic further.
“Mom, what’s wrong with Pete?”, a groggy voice from his other side suddenly asked. The man turned around carefully, still keeping an arm around Peter as he came to face with his other pup. Hair sticking out into all directions and drool making its way down one corner of the pups mouth, the Alpha looked like the picture of innocence. Yet, Tony knew better than anyone else, Harley a true troublemaker at heart, was only calm right now due to his sleepiness. Give him a few hours and he’d probably be down in the lab working on another version of his infamous potato gun.
Though, as the minutes passed a sweet, tingling, potent scent reached the blond Alphas nose. He inhaled sharply, mind beginning to get foggy, what an intoxicating smell. His pupils dilated while his own scent glands emitted pheromones, matching the ones he was deeply scenting. God, he couldn’t get enough.
Apologies where now spilling out of his mouth, scent overwhelming the small Alpha and too afraid to do anything but submit to Steve with a tear streaked face.
God, Tony didn’t even want to think about the day both turned sixteen and problems like ruts and heats would arrive.
His kid was just coming back to reality, his eyes widening in shock, apologizes flowing out of his mouth like a waterfall.
And the Alpha, well, he wished he could imprint the image of a cock begging Tony into his mind, because this, this just threw a damn lot of his fantasies at him. The Omega looked eternal, big brown eyes blinking up at him, lips already bitten raw and bulge obvious in his small underwear. It was a lot to take in.
Hell no. This was way too early, too early for Tony to accept what happened and move on. For heaven's sake he had an anxiety attack this very morning and even had to run to Natasha for help, like a true helpless pup.
Closing the door to cut off the bickering down the hall Tony breathed out with a small smile. His pups were handful but the Omega was happy it was his handful.
Hearing those words Steve wasted no more time and carried the whining Omega over to the big bed in the middle of the room. Throwing the shorter body down on the white duvet, the Alpha reached down to pull his own shirt off his body.
The Omega moved backwards once again, slamming against the hard cock close to his seeping hole. “Alpha”, he moaned, pheromones mixing in the air.
Yeah, Harley and Peter were growing up steadily and Tony kept on watching them with admiration and sadness. God, it felt like yesterday, holding both of them in his arms for the first time.
“You’re still not eating,” the blond Alpha stated matter of fact, raising an eyebrow. “Omega,” he said while gazing into his eyes, the comment clear as day within the taunting word.
The scent of his pups got closer as well and Tony caught both boys etching closer to their still occupied mother, clearly innerly torn between keeping as much space between them and Steve and needing the familiar comfort of their parent.
Regardless Peter left the room after wishing his brother to get well soon and quickly ran to the elevator, food forgotten on the kitchen table. The ride down to the garage was quick and before the teen knew it he reached Happy’s car, the one Harley and him always got driven to school in. His mind was still occupied with concern, a nagging feeling clouding his thought.
A few hours later after everyone settled down and, yes to Steve’s satisfaction, Tony did eat breakfast, the team decided on a lazy afternoon. Meaning movie marathon in the common room, much to Peter’s and Harley’s delight.
Tony rolled his eyes with a small grin, sometimes he was very thankful for Clint’s talent of making a bad situation seem somewhat funny once again.
A few minutes later, both still bound together, were lying in a spooning position. Steve was trailing slow kisses along Tony’s shoulders while the genius was trying to catch his breath.
“Yeah, sure”, the boy replied with a small grin, standing up slowly and strolling into the kitchen without another word or look at the other two people in the room.
Suddenly the elevator came to a stop, though not fazing the pair one bit. “Sir, since you’re getting intimate with Captain Rogers I have taken the freedom and stopped at the Captain’s floor, since yours is currently occupied by your pups”, Jarvis voice sounded off as both broke apart with a sigh.
Without thinking about the ever cryptic ways of one of his best friends, Steve disappeared into the hallway following the genius down, to what he guessed he vanished to, his lab.
Steve winced at what just happened. He messed up, messed up his chance of talking to the Omega. Damn it. The Alpha was desperately looking forward to both of them sitting down and holding a conversation what would eventually end up with Tony happily accepting his courting and a promising date.
Only then did Tony notice all the other people in the kitchen. His best friend Rhodey leaning against the coffee table next to the window, talking to a rambling Clint Barton, probably about the mission. Catching his eyes his long time Alpha friend smiled at the genius warmly and continued listening to the still, very much story infested, archer.
Taking in the scents beside the domiering Alpha pheromones, the Omega’s brain alarmed him of the scared and frightened smell coming from his pups, the scene about to unfold surely being too much for the young kids to take in.
Feeling the sweat forming out of pure stress he laughed forcefully and tapped his fingers on the wooden table as if to distract himself. “So...food”, he started anew.
The Omega blinked at the unfamiliar pressure around his throat, it was, well, weird. But his instincts flared at the material that was covering up his scent marks, like he as an Omega achieved something great. On the way to being mated. Tony had a hard time wrapping his head around the idea. A few weeks ago he never would have thought at some point in his life he’d be wearing a collar given to him by Captain America.
And after all, if it didn’t work out in the end, the sex was amazing and Tony was sure to enjoy it as long as he could.
A sharp nip against Tony’s bottom lip pulled a gasp from his mouth as a few droplets of blood escaped his bruised skin.
“You think you’re tough now, Stark? Let me show you what tough is you little shit.” Like that he raised his fist with fangs grinning down at the tired looking Omega.
The shorter man arched up into the Alpha’s hold, grinding his swollen dick against the hard muscles of the blonds stomach. “I don’t see any fucking yet, Steven,” he grinned cockily.
Normally Peter was only around the tower during the weekends, since school and everything. After all being a hero didn’t mean he could just drop out, which of course his aunt nor Tony would ever allow, the boy could speak from experience.
And everything considered it was, at least partly, Tony’s fault, and yet Steve was now grinning at him, with those bright blue eyes. The bastard!
A pleasant smell of tulips reached Steve’s nose as he made his way down the hallway towards the elevator on his floor. Clutched in his hands was a bouquet of red tulips, freshly bought from the florist around the corner of the tower. The friendly elderly Beta woman even assured him tulips were the ideal gift to capture an Omega’s heart, way better than the basic looking rose bouquet Steve intended to get in the first place.
“Please tell me you kicked some serious butts on the mission,” he teased lightly, looking at Nat’s face glad to have her back again. It was a usual occurrence that members of the Avengers were called on for a solo mission, but the Omega always missed the female Alpha the most, well and sure Steve as well.
Tony rolled his eyes but couldn’t help the small smirk on his face at the look on the Alpha’s face. Once again he proved, if it came to it, no Alpha was a match for him. Not even Captain America. Team Iron Man one and team Cap zero.
Still, even though Steve would have loved staying like this, feeling the hot mouth around his cock, sweet tongue massaging the underside of so hotly, he still wanted to try something before he finally climaxed. He tugged on Tony’s hair once again and slowly pulled his head off from his dick, earning a confused look at the action.
Tony sighed once again. “First you’re going to apologize to Steve and then to your brother for forcing him into submission unwillingly. Also you’re doing the dishes tonight”
A few minutes later, though, Clint’s wary voice sounded off. “So you’re meant to tell me, that a simple coffee and an energy drink caused all this.”, he gestured around the room.
And, god, did he try already. It all started with light touches, nothing major, just a brush against Tony’s hand after they were done eating. The warmth from the Omega’s hand tingled on his skin, like small fireworks lightening themselves up whenever the pair touched.
Tony was baffled. Never has he seen his kid like that. Rubbing at his head one question kept repeating in his head, what the hell did his kid take? Was the boy hearing colour?
Two figures stumbled in clumsily. Steve was still holding Tony in his arms, strong hands hungrily roaming the Omega’s body as they reached Tony’s bedroom.
“Thor, dude, we don’t start fights with teammates inside the tower”, Clint accused as he walked up to the three men with a grimace on his face. “Though, honestly, seeing some blond on blond action would have been interesting.”
“Tony you need to step in, RIGHT NOW!”, the voice of another Omega distracted him momentarily and only then did Tony noticed Clint in the room.
Next to her on the double seated couch two figures were resting, still in their gear and weapons laying on the small table in front of the couch. Tony couldn’t keep track of how many times he scolded Bucky and Sam for leaving deadly machines right in the open of their home. At least his sons were old enough now to know not to touch any of those things, though Tony didn’t like taking risks, not with his pups. Now, anyway, both men were dozing off quickly meaning Tony had to lecture them later, bunch of children they were.
The ride upwards to the penthouse, where Tony guessed his pups currently where was rather quick, which thankfully settled his nerves somewhat. He was on his way, already getting closer to his pups. Yet the guilt still ate away at him, the nerve he had to just disappear after the date last night and well to his defense he certainly did not plan on spending the night with Steve. Or the morning.
Steve felt the air in the Audi change drastically, it was so sudden. Steve's brows furrowed. "No Tony. It's okay. I figured since you call me Cap it was okay." Steve answered defensively. He winced inside when he heard his voice.
Steve knew Tony couldn't take much more, so he whispered into Tony's ear as he worked another digit into Tony. "Tony, this might hurt, and I'm sorry. But I can't take much more waiting." Steve was careful but not quite gentle as he began scissoring his fingers, stretching Tony, then adding a third finger and hissing at the tightness.
"Yep. There's this little cafe not too far from here." Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, hearing a slight change in the tone of Tony's voice. "Tell you what, sexy. We'll stop by the supermarket on the way back and pick up a few things. Tonight we'll have dinner here. To be honest, I'm not that great of a cook either. But between the two of us I'm sure we can manage, right? And we always have dum-e if we need his help..." Steve grinned.
"Tony, I'm the last person to ask about this sort of thing. I have never been on a date in my life."
Why have a child when you can have a hyper super soldier right?" Tony teased getting up slowly from the couch. Happy that the dizziness was gone finally. "Let's go indeed." Tony was exhausted he didn't have Steve's energy, but he would damn sure try. He had to. Afraid of becoming boring he hooked his arm in his boyfriend's. The prospect of what he said along with what Steve got excited about really did thrill him. So why not? Screw sleep.
Steve finally couldn't take anymore and let out a moan, followed by an expletive, then Tony's name. "God, Tony, you're so beautiful. Do you know what you do to me?" Steve whimpered as he ended the question and threw his head back. Pulling on a thin thread of sanity, he ordered Tony to continue.
Steve's smile simmered into a soft stare. There was a sensuality about the stare stirring Tony's groin. "Yeah...he um. He's about five foot nine..."
Sorry this is short and took a bit! I've decided to make this a series. And no Steve didn't forget about the food and chocolates :)
Steve retired to his bedroom. He changed into his bedclothes. Brushed his teeth and opened his "Tony" sketchbook. He drew detailed pictures of Tony that night. He drew until sleep finally sounded like a great idea.
Clint cursed under his breath. Begrudgingly taking a hundred out of his wallet and shoving it into Natasha's hand. Bruce smiled. "Consider it paid in full Nat. For medical services rendered." Bruce winked and headed for the lab. "Have fun you two" Bruce called over his shoulder to Steve and Tony, who were staring at Natasha and Clint. "What? We were all curious." Natasha amended.
Clint shrugged. "Naw. Maybe just a shot in the leg or some shit. She loves me." Clint said matter-of-factly.
Tony turned towards him fully. "Huh?  Come again?  I don't think I heard you correctly. What did you just call
Steve's chest tightened hearing the normally cocky male sound so small and scared as he ran his fingers through Tony's hair. "Ahhh Sweetheart. It's okay. Everyone goes through stuff. It'll be okay. I promise."
Steve gently hooked his left arm around Tony's waist pulling him closer. His right hand cupping Tony's chin. "I found him."
Tony sucked in a deep breath and let it out in the form of chipmunk cheeks. "Yeah they know me. Thats why Im afraid Cap."
At one a.m. One the dot. Steve led Tony inside. Up to the door of his penthouse suite. Still holding Tony's hand. He turned to him. "I sure had a swell time. I was hoping we could do this again next Saturday. Maybe take in a picture?"
"Oh yeah? Required huh. Tony. If I performed mouth to mouth. We would be staying in for the night." Steve smirked triumphantly.
Steve swallowed and took in his own breath. He knew a PTSD attack when he saw one. "Tony..."  "Steve, please." Tony turned around slowly, barely looking up at Steve.  "We both know I'm a moody son of a bitch so if we can just forget this that would be.." Tony was cut short as he felt the taller male gently crush him into a warm embrace. "I know Tony, it sucks. I get it too." Steve softly whispered about his broken self into Tony's hair. Trying to let the smaller man in his arms that at least he's not alone. Tony buried his face into Steve's chest. He felt ultimately dumb but relieved Steve wasn't angry with him.
Tony finally deciding on a Maroon colored button down with a matching Maroon and gray tie, Tony began tying a Windsor knot in the tie.
Tony could feel himself blush at the pet name. He really loved it. The embrace seemed to stretch on for a few more moments until Tony ended the tight hold.
Steve laughed softly. "You're cute when you're flustered, do you know that? Relax, Tony. I'm not as experienced as you, but I'm no amateur. And I'll prove it to you, if you're ready for it."
Steve tightened his grip on Tony, lowering his head to press a quick kiss to Tony's cheek as the elevator doors opened after what seemed like an eternal wait. Steve stepped out into the spacious living area of the penthouse. He headed straight for Tony's room, then had a better idea. He adjusted his direction, and headed for the kitchen. Once there, he set Tony down on the counter and opened the fridge, rummaging around inside.
"Mmm, cafe on Broadway. And what's wrong with having your photo in the tabloids? Surely people know you eat?" Steve teased. "Besides, it might be good PR for people to see you can be normal every once in a while."
Tony continued. Slowly. Lovingly sprinkling kisses along the tops of Steve's feet. Licking lightly over the ankle bones. Nipping at calves. French kissing the back of each of the backs of Steve's knees. Suckling at each of the hollows. Small whimpers of delight escaping Tony's throat.
Steve laughed at Tony's sudden movements back onto his fingers. Pulling them out, he reached around and grabbed Tony's cock. "Get ready, Tony." He pressed the tip of his chocolate covered cock to Tony's entrance and slowly began to push in to the tight heat, slowly stroking Tony's cock with each inch of progress.
"Ok." Steve headed for the shower again, seriously wondering if he'd really make it there and sighed a bit in disappointment when he did. Turning the water on as hot as he could stand, he entered the huge, luxurious marble stall and began whistling, then singing as he got clean.
"...9" Steve amended maintaining his sultry stare. Tony chuckled a little. Meeting the taller man's gaze. "Dark thick hair. Chocolate-golden eyes. Cocky attitude...absolutely beautiful. You seen him?"
Tony grinned into another sip before placing the hot mug between his hands onto the counter. It was chilly in the Tower just like Tony liked it. He continued watching Steve's muscles through the thin undershirt. The smooth undulation and shift of soft material and probably equally warm soft skin.
Steve smiled easily, handing his clothes over to Tony. His heart constricted a little in his chest, and he felt a pang of longing. One night of sex didn't make a relationship, but damn if he didn't have to keep steering his mind away from that path. He took a deep breath, steeling his nerve, and decided at that moment that he would do everything in his power, be everything Tony needed him to be, in order to make this vague wisp of a dream become reality.
Clint grinned at Natasha and nodded at Steve. He left the area to go check on Tony after a few moments.
Steve felt a burst of butterflies in his stomach and his cock twitched. His voice came out in an aroused growl. "Then do it Tony. Stop teasing me!"
"Mhmmm if I did you would never leave this lab." Steve grinned down at him. His eyes soft around the edges.
Clint nodded. "Mums the word man. How do you figure your in love?" Clint asked calmly sitting in one of the plush chairs in the room.
Tony nodded looking down at the floor. Taking his dick in hand he slapped it a few times on the cold tile floor the pain was enough to soften himself to control himself better. Leaning forward more. Tony made sure his ass was out and up in the air for his Captain  to see. He wanted to please his Sir. Not just with his mouth. All five senses will be involved here. Something told Tony, Steve would appreciate this where others would not. Placing his hands behind his back accenting his protruded ass Tony leaned all the way down and forward alighting a feather kiss atop each naked foot. Gently. Gauging Steve's reaction.
Steve paced around. He went for a jog, he worked out. He sketched. Still no Tony. It was 4pm. According to JARVIS Tony left the Tower at 10 am.  Steve stopped suddenly hearing the Tower's elevator ding his eyes watching almost impatiently.
Tony grinned, facing his oldest, Natasha standing beside him now with a small smirk on her lips as well. “Sure cuddle bear.”
“Tony, aren’t we- aren’t we moving a little fast? We said we wanted to-”, the word got stuck in his throat as the Omega began kissing his neck and nibbling the skin, leaving wet hot bites in its way.
The blond laughed but shook his head stubbornly. “It’s our first date, Tony. It wouldn’t be very mannerly to let my date, whom I invented here, pay the bill.”
Dinner was served twenty minutes later and Peter tried munching it down as quickly as possible, earning him a scolding from not only Steve but his Dad as well, who smiled at the domestic actions.
“You’re just a stupid, little, useless Omega who will end just like your pathetic mother, cum soaked-”
Before he could enter the elevator which just arrived on Steve’s floor, the Alpha’s voice halted him.
Tony was happy, having his kid so close all the time. He might won’t say it out loud, but he just wanted to protect Peter and having him around during the week calmed down his anxiety immensely. And besides, getting up every morning, or rather getting pulled off the bed by Steve after sleeping through his alarm, to make Peter breakfast and send him off to school was so domestic. Sickly, sweet, domestic. Tony was, to his own bafflement, a sucker for domestic and could happily get used to their new spiel for the rest of his life.
A sudden arm sneaked around his waist, while a snoring face squished itself against his stomach. The scent of Omega distress reached his nose, alarming his brain in the process.
Sighing exhausted, still struggling to pull at least one arm free he called out for his AI. “Jarvis, wake Steve, now!”.
“Not Steve”, the blond forced out through his teeth, letting his tongue trace across the Omega’s ear.
“Screw this, looks like you’re not my third child but my eighth child. I’m leaving out Nat, Rhodey and Pepper as those three are the only other adults around the tower.”
Like that all of them got back to preparing breakfast, with Steve cooking away at the stove, still with an embarrassed blush on his cheeks, Tony making much needed coffee and the other for trying to set the table. Setting the table wasn’t easy, Tony had to admit, since it wasn’t always clear how many people who lived in the tower would actually join.
He could slow footsteps getting closer and an unmistakable scent reaching his nose, making his hold on his Alpha only tighten.
All of sudden a low growl behind the Omega ripped the genius from panicking further, which he was thankful for, if only his maternal Omega instincts wouldn’t scream at him desperately.
The child only shook his head ever so lightly and buried his face further into his arms as small tears escaped his eyes. The only thought on his mind was his mom and the yearning for contact with him, to be protected in the man’s arms.
Steve’s movements quickened, fucking in and out of the Omega’s hole roughly. He leaned over the smaller body hungrily and licked at the sweat drenched neck with a small smirk.
The whole moment was unspeakably enjoyable to Steve, who would have never thought he’d get to be a part of. And as he looked at the seemingly glowing kid with a smile of his own he was once again thrown off guard at how amazing Tony’s kids were.
He hurried after the other man after locking the car and came to a stop beside Tony, waiting on the elevator to arrive.
The pup beside Steve was close to laughing at the obvious flirtation of the Beta but contained himself before anyone could notice.
“TONY!”, Steve cut through the rambling with a sudden booming voice. “God, what are you even talking about?”
“You don’t have to wear it, really. It was just a stupid idea and I’m sorry if I offended you with the collar, I’m so-”
After breakfast Bruce, Thor and Clint left quickly apparently having important ‘superhero worthy’ plans, thus the other four were tasked with cleaning the kitchen all by themselves. But because Steve cooked the whole meal it was mainly Tony who cleaned up, absolutely demanding of Steve to just relax for once.
“Dad!”, Peter squealed all of sudden. “You’re sounding all pink and warm. Like a strawberry cheesecake. Which, by the way, reminds me that I’m hungry, not for Superheroes, but for real food, snacks! Of course I already ate two bags of chips but-” The boy was plain out rambling now, hanging in his webs with a thinking face and again totally throwing the adult in the room of guard.
But one simple energy drink wouldn’t keep his mind awake and focused for too long, so Peter had to improvise.
Leaning down his head just above the wet hole, Steve simply couldn’t stop himself. Having to taste the Omega one more time before finally being able to breed him.
The genius sighed into the mug of cold coffee he was holding in front of his face. When has Steve become the most interesting aspect of him? Like weren’t his work, kids or self loathing skill already interesting enough?
What else was he supposed to do than invite Captain America, a real witness of the thirties, the decade he had to do the project on, to help him out?
“However sometimes I even managed to convince my ma to come along with me, which was quite an act, since she wasn’t the type to eat anywhere other than home”, Steve smiled fondly at the memory. “After she died I never really visited the place again, so when I woke up after, you know, I was a little desperate to just find something that had the ability to link the future to the past other than a few objects”.
“Would Uncle Thor have ended up team leader if he’d beaten Cap?”, Peter asked with curious eyes while cutting his syrup loaded pancakes into pieces.
Steve was feeling similar, clenching his eyes shut and concentrating on the tight, hot grip around his cock. Shit, did the Omega feel good. The Alpha could already feel his knot forming, after a mere minute! That never happened before!
“You wanna tell me about your date with Steve yourself or do we still have to keep on doing this time stretching small talk until I finally got it out of you?” Natasha looked at him exceptionally sitting on the table next to his worksheets and crossing one leg over the other smoothly.
The Omega inside of him was craving the touch of the tall, muscly, all American Alpha. Preferably not just a touch but a throughout fucking, though Tony could only dream.
His head snapped downwards rather quickly and shortly made his still half asleep mind spin, though he caught himself quickly, more important things on his mind than his well being at the moment. Looking downwards his Omega pup Peter was the one pressing his face into his stomach, brows furrowed and a bitter scent emitted from the young boy.
With a hunger the blond was making out with the shorter, moaning male. Grunts being the only sound in the dark room as spit was being shared between two heated mouths. Steve’s tongue pressed against Tony’s in the most intoxicating way, the warm feeling stirring the Alpha’s hard cock in his pants.
Which is why Peter probably choose the worst solution there was, working with his Dad during the day and writing the essay at night. Yeah, bad idea, Peter was aware, yet he didn’t seem to care. Like that, he may truly resembled his dad. Bad decisions and all. Not mentioning the lack of sleep.
So, yeah, in that case why bring a person like Captain America to school, someone that’s draw the attention to him like the light attract mosquitoes?
“Tony, I’m sorry for turning feral and forcing you into submission just now. I know you’re in heat and it’s only going to get worse from here on. As your team leader and Alpha friend it’s my responsibility to help you, anyway you seem fit,” Steve admitted. “What do you say?”
The blond beamed at the acceptance and tenderly grasped the Omega’s hand, leading him towards the elevator once again.
At least his friends made it seem close to a normal school day, well, except Ned who kept asking the man question after question. And to have thought his best friend would have been used to the presence of earth’s mightiest heroes already after knowing Peter for years now. At least MJ was acting the same as ever, making sarcastic comments and talking to Peter about the project.
Turns out the office was more of a small home library, with rows and rows of old looking cupboards filled with books and historic looking desk between the rows. Steve was honestly in awe at the sight.
As the three entered the wide kitchen, which reeked of deliciousness, a cheer greeted them promptly, making Tony and his pups stop with a jolt. Peter, who wasn’t really watching were he was going, let out a small yelp as he stumbled into his brother’s back and nearly crashed to the floor. Nearly being the keyword, however, the young Alpha grasped his arm instinctively and helped him upright again with an amused grin.
“Though,” the Omega started with a mischievous grin. “That doesn’t mean we can’t have fun with it.” And with that he placed himself swiftly on the inviting lap of the blond, scenting the side of the purring Alpha’s neck eagerly and grabbing the lost hands to trace across the smooth collar. He had an idea.
Now, however, he could feel the lid give way and the possessive instincts take over at the thought, the possibility, that Peter was trusting another Alpha over his Omega mother.
Tbh I listened to the boku no hero academia openings while writing the whole chapter...my brain is mush now
The teen breathed out heavily and looked widely at the screen, shoving in his face that he lost this round of Mario Kart, what a bummer he thought annoyed.
Steve took this moment to cover his hand over Tony's. Interlacing their fingers. He gave his hand two small but firm squeezes. "I got you." Tony heard the soft baritone. Steve returned his hand to the steering wheel. Suddenly Tony hated steering wheels. He nodded to Steve.
. Tony thought to himself grimly. Shaking his head he scrubbed his face like trying to get rid of the intrusive thought and headed to his bathroom. "I got the clothes Baby" Tony interrupted Steve smiling at the shower.
Steve laughed out loud at the witty banter between Tony and his AI. Shaking his head, he watched as Jarvis agreed to Tony's commands. He couldn't help but sympathize with Tony's frustration, but he was slightly concerned by the fact that Tony was about to get hurt. He closed his eyes, determined not to look and see-- or feel that damn twinge he always felt when Tony was injured.
Tony stopped working and stared up at the ceiling. "J. You amaze me sometimes. That actually makes sense. Thanks."
Steve smiled kindly. Ducking a bit (He did that a lot.) "Ma'am. My apologies for startling you. I have a dating emergency and a time limit. Think you could help?" Steve looked at her with hope.
Clint's eyebrows rose slightly. "Damn. Dude. Mr. Tony Stark-Rogers. Yeah. It has a nice ring to it."Clint mentioned softly.
Steve couldn't believe it. Tony Stark was actually pressing into him, kissing him back softly, and it was like a dream come true. But as nice as this fairy tale was, Steve wanted more. Reluctantly he broke  away, waiting for Tony to come around before he spoke.
"Heya Cap. What's a soldier like you doing in a place like this?" Tony smiled brightly sauntering up to Steve.
Tony let out a whimpered sigh. One of long awaited relief and slight surprise. He could tell Steve's touch changed just a bit. It was...gentler, remaining firm. He was pliant and wanting. His eyes fluttered shut once more feeling Steve's mouth on his own. Lips parting with another soft moan into the Captain's mouth. Tony pressed into the larger man, Steve's form making him feel smaller and protected.
Tony smiled automatically at seeing Steve. He popped a curious brow. Steve grinned his thousand watt smile.
Clint held up his hands defensively mirroring Tony's grin. "Whoa whoa. Just seeing how your doing is all."
Clint tried not to grin. "I dunno. I mean. Steve Rogers man, he may take one look and think you forgot to brush your hair."
"Awww Cap. You wound me. I may pass out and you would be required to perform mouth to mouth." Tony purred.
Steve paused mid stride. It took a moment for the words to sink in, but when they did, Steve did an abrupt about-face. Shock had his eyes widening, and he stared at Tony, stunned. "W-what are you saying, Tony?" His heart constricted painfully. What if... no, how could he even think that Tony didn't mean what Steve thought he meant? But he wanted, needed to hear those three little words and he prayed that Tony was really going to say them.
"Got another prob Cap. I kinda feel like the dame in this situation. He's old fashioned. Soooo I dunno what to do." Tony looked up to Steve clearly tired and confused.
"The answer is no I haven't Steve. Still to scared." Tony pulled his tablet onto his lap pulling up the digital newspaper.
Tony's mouth curled into a slow smile. Okay. Weird. But good weird right?  Tony stifled down the excitement to hurry up.  Of course he hurried.
Steve couldn't believe what he was witnessing. Tony stark, self proclaimed playboy, was on knees and playing submissive to the hilt. "Your captain needs you Tony. You have permission to continue."
Tony hissed at the pain. Bringing his hand over Steve's hand on his cock. The hissing turned into a series of small groans. Steve was incredibly large and Tony wondered if this was going to be a bad idea considering he wouldn't be walking anytime soon. Tony huffed out Steve's name like a holy mantra.
He muttered softly and slowly progressed forward. Each stair he took felt like he was walking in slow motion. Tea lights shouldn't give off this much light. And they are not.  But Tony could've sworn they were.
"I can't cook worth a damn. Unless it's on the grill. But uh. I can make a few things to get you started while waiting for me. I do know your metabolism is crazy fast right?" Tony spoke softly still loud enough to hear but damn if he wasn't speaking demurely. Tony chose to ignore his own blush. It was important that hi...the Captain new that there was more to him than sex and money. He knew why of course. Even if it scared the hell out of him. Love was a four letter word. So was the word fuck, and love has fucked him on more than one occasion. But still. It was Steve. So. It was worth it. Worth the fear. Worth the heartbreak. Worth trying everything in arsenal. Worth trying everything Pepper taught him. Worth trying to remember what she used to yell at him all the time for.
Tony averted his eyes. He did not like the look of displeasure one bit. Turning his head by a few centimeters Tony gently slid his lips from the base of the velveteen hardness to it's very tip. Relishing Steve's taste as he snaked the tip of his tongue out to catch the salty sweet reward allowing his lips to open further suckling the massive cockhead into the warmth of his mouth. Tony's tongue was unmerciful with it's exploration of the new flesh. His breathing hitch harder as he suckled. Coaxing more of the Captain's dick down his throat. Tony was grateful he didn't have to worry about a gag reflex.
Steve whistled while drying off after his shower. He looked at his dog tags. He didn't even know why he still wore them. Habit? Maybe. He grinned to himself. Maybe Tony would like them.  He remembered Tony's appearance as he came downstairs from R & D. He reminded Steve of the guys back in the motor pools in his day. He shook his head. Bringing himself back to the present and put his dog tags on and dressed. Maybe after a few more dates. He worried about Tony and the idea of commitment.  Would he cheat? Would he get bored?  Steve shook his head.  Can't be think about the negative stuff. Steve knew what he felt for Tony. Which is why he hated arguing with him.  Steve figured it was the Tesseract's fault. He took one final look in the mirror, cleared his throat and head out towards the communal areas.
Steve nodded, looking thoughtful. "Hm, sounds good. You can cook, right Stark? I'd love to see you wearing a little Iron Man apron, bustling around the kitchen, making pies and cakes while we men stand outside and make burgers..." Steve kept his face neutral, only one eyebrow cocked slightly as he looked at Tony, waiting for his reaction.
"Cap that is me." Tony scoffed. "It's a part of me. I don't know. I'll think about it. Good night Cap" Tony got up heading for his suite.
"I'm planning on making that iron man sundae I was talking about." Steve grinned mischievously. "What, did you think I was kidding you?"
Tony wasn't so nervous this time, but he was giddy. He had been a little sad all week. He and Steve only got to say hello in passing.  S.H.I.E.D. Kept Steve plenty busy and Stark Industries kept Tony hopping.
Tony laughed fully, uninhibited and beautiful. "Okay. Thats adorable. Hummm yes I do. Yeah. Your far from Vanilla. I stand soiled and corrected." Tony held out his arms in a mock surrendering gesture. "But first. Shower m'dear" Tony's eyes glittered with the peek of a little shaft of sunlight entering the penthouse suite.
"Oh fuck.. Steeeeeeve!" Tony knew Steve took out food items for an Iron Man Sundae and was happy Steve forgot. This was beyond his control as his legs came up to wrap tightly. His pupils were completely blown. He was rutting into Steve's abdomen like some ridiculous animal in heat. Tony had lost control. Loathe to admit, frankly right now he didn't care. He was at the Captain's mercy and damn happy about it. "Steve please...mmmneed you so bad. Please Baby. Please.." Tony wheedled and whimpered craning to kiss Steve nipping and lightly suckling on Steve's neck and jaw. Clawing at the irritating shirt Steve was still wearing from the party. Little moans and gasps accompanying his actions. "Need you, need you now, god, fuck...please Captain. Please.."
"Yeah sure. A certain Asgardian  smited the evil popcorn that could possibly harm his Midgardian friends. " Natasha informed Tony, clearly irritated.
Tony felt his mouth going dry. "I need coffee."   Tony's head already hurt. He brought his coffee back over to the couch and sat down
Steve twisted his hand, searching for that one spot that would make Tony scream. He loved the feeling of the slickness the syrup provided, and had dirty thoughts of licking it up later. The thought made him shiver and laugh quietly.
Tony grinned. "Okay J that's a wrap for now. I need to get ready. Steve and I are going to the movies."
Steve couldn't help himself. They were together now. Steve wanted so badly to show Tony how much he meant to him.
Steve watched Tony with interest, loving looking at the curve of Tony's ass, and reveling in the knowledge that he had put Tony where he was now. Steve sighed at the touch of Tony's lips on his feet, and forced himself to watch Tony carefully, taking in everything.
Steve chuckled. "Yea, but it's nothing to worry about. Just really happy is all. But, ok, food. Well, shower first." Steve grinned. "Think we'll ever make it that far?" He questioned lightly.
Steve watched, curious. He'd never seen Tony take the suit off before, and he was curious, in a 40s-boy-stuck-in-the-21st-century way. So, he crossed his arms and leaned back against the wall, waiting.
Steve maneuvered himself into a smart about face and exited his room. His face lit up upon seeing Natasha in the living room. She was looking softer in sleek black Denim low rise jeans and a pastel pink sweater. Focused texting on her Starkphone.
Tony smiled brightly and chuckled into Steve's chest "yeahhhhhh maybe we should unglue. Shower?" Tony didn't look up. A part of him still disbelieving that Captain America, Steve Rogers would want anything to do with the likes of him. He was happy. He could stay in this mans arms the rest of his life and that would be okay. Tony felt the self doubt and depreciation trying to creep in. He pressed further into Steve. Hoping the larger male could protect him from himself. It was nice here. He felt free with Steve. Alive.
Steve smiled as Tony's nose touched his own. Reassured by Tony's words, Steve sighed. He wanted to stay like this forever, but slowly he became aware of
Tony lost his bravado. The entire moment snuck up upon him and stole it like a thief in the dead of night. His throat felt thick. His knees felt a little weak and his mind wandered. Wandered to things that they shouldn't on a second (third?) date.
Tony flopped his arms down dramatically to his sides. "Unbelievable." As he rushed back into the bathroom. Clint could here sink turn on.
. The dance on the roof last week went wonderfully. But Steve, in good old fashion manner was still so new at this.  He took one last look in the luxurious mirror and nodded.
"J, inspect the torque on the spine and reconfigure the optical cluster." Tony asked as he brought up the Mark VII.
Tony swallowed thickly. He felt like a nuclear reactor ready to glow at any moment swearing his face was that red, but he refused to break eye contact as much as his bashful moment wanted him too. Worrying his lip slightly. His eyes fluttered closed slightly with the continued contact of Steve's hand on his groin. "Yes... Yes I do." He whispered.
Tony wasn't so nervous this time, but he was giddy. He had been a little sad all week. He and Steve only got to say hello in passing.  S.H.I.E.L.D. Kept Steve plenty busy and Stark Industries kept Tony hopping.
"Sonofagun..." Steve whispered to himself feeling his ears go red hot with the embarrassment of his own obliviousness.
Clint nodded. His lopsided grin finishing his expression. "True, but did you know her favorite color is pink?  I mean, like, baby fucking pink."  Clint adjusted himself in the chair to an almost perch position.
Tony leaned into the kiss bite. His spirits dropping just a little. He really wanted ro make something for Steve. Jesus why did he feel so inadequate? "Mmmokay. You have anyplace in mind? And I don't burn everything." Tony asked then mumbled the last part. He knew Steve was only teasing but damn if it didn't sting just a little.
Tony stopped working and stared up at the ceiling. "J. You amaze me sometimes. That actually makes sense. Thanks."
The helmet cocked to the side as a slightly electronic "right" came through. The smile could be heard. He picked up Steve easily. Taking off into the night. Confident Steve was okay. "Sir you do realize this is your prototype for the new set if Mark's.  This was the one that required the gantry to take off. The gantry is currently inoperable." Tony sighed hard. "Dammit Jarvis. Why didn't you tell me!!"
Steve cleared his throat as Tony walked past. The fresh clean scent of sage and bergamot tickling Steve's nose.
11. To be especially watchful at night, and during the time for challenging, to challenge all persons on or near my post, and to allow no one to pass without proper authority.
Steve hoisted Tony up in his arms bridal style and really that shouldn't be okay, but it was. "Cap, the fuck, put me down." Tony complained half-heartedly.
Tony moved closer to Steve. Gaining in confidence. "Im saying, Steve..." Tony took one of Steve's hands. Placing that hand on Tony's own hip. Then the same with the other hand..."Don't let go. Never let go..." Tony moved in closer. Feeling the warmth of the man before him. "Because if you sink..." Tony's lips now mere centimeters from Steve's mouth. "You cannot hear me when I say I love you."
Tony smirked. He pointed at Clint. "You owe me a knew stove...and popcorn. Wait. Coffee maker?" Tony asked worriedly.
Tony let out a sharp breath at Steve's sudden actions. His touch on Tony's thighs shooting straight to his groin. "AHH! I...uhhh. Usually not so well Captain. You should know this by now." Tony growled out hotly. "Why do you ask?" Tony's voice was low. More breath than tone.
Tony smiled through his blush. He really wanted Steve to stay with him in bed. But he knew the Captain would have none of that.  "I would really love that actually. I had a great time to Steve. Thank you." Tony said demurely.
Steve ducked his head. (Natasha counted at least twenty of these a day. He was on number fourteen). "Naw. Not fancy. I just like mixing it up for Tony."
Tony stared for a moment. He wanted to say it so bad. Now more than ever. His chest swelled with pride for the man holding him. "Oh Steve..." Tony whispered softly. Leaning up Tony covered Steve's mouth with his in a sweet kiss.
"No sir. About face." Steve chuckled turning Tony towards the exit. Tony whined. "You wound me. You really do Rogers."
Tony's mind was reeling "Whoa, whoa. Okay. Fuck I can't believe I just stopped that.  Ummmm. WOWZA ooooookaaaaay.  I um. I know I've been a man of loose morals and all and trust me, wanting you is not the issue here. Just..so much. Trying to process" Tony made a momentary duck face then motor boated his own lips looking suddenly very shy. His eyes pleaded to Steve for forgiveness.
Tony opened his throat fully. Choking a little at first Tony pushed it back loving the feel of how full His mouth and throat hole was. His opening clenching and unclenching at the thought of this heat deep inside of him clawing down his throat and trickling a cruel tease aling his spine. Tony nodded at Steve's warning. Tony was his to abuse the Captain's personal flesh shield. His eyes meeting the feral blue's of Steve's normally calm and sweet Mediterranean's. He concentrated. He could feel that familiar tightness roll in his abdomen. He wanted to cum with his Captain.
Tony nuzzled into Steve's embrace.  Looking up at Steve he touched his nose to the other's. "For once Baby?  Not a damn thing."
They still stole glances, flirtatious caresses on the arm or back. Tony really enjoyed this date thing. His libido argued however. But dammit he was going to do this right. Do this slow. It was killing him. But he was Tony Stark. He would weather this.
Tony was trembling hard now. He could tell by the way his legs and arms were beginning to fail in keeping him mostly upright. Small beads of sweat formed a sheen on Tony's forehead, upon the back of his neck snaking down his spine. Pooling where the heat was hottest. Tony clenched around Steve's cock unable to help it. "Steeeeeve, Im gonna... Ohfuck...." Tony ripped a scream from his throat sounding a lot like Steve's name. Long strings of white liquid shooting over their hands. The whole the scene was a mess. "S.sorry. Nnngh too soon" Tony's embarrassment set in suddenly.
Steve wasn't ready to let go yet as his arms loosened and his hands found themselves on either side of Tony's face. Without saying a word he gently tilted Tony's face upward delivering a soft kiss to the happily surprised engineer.
"Ready as I'll ever be, metal man. As for confusion in the bedroom, I think it's safe to say I can take you, or follow your lead, whichever you prefer, provided you get us there like five minutes ago."
Tony walked in confidently in a dark grey suit replete with a maroon button down and matching tie. Compliments of Armani. He still wore his Ray-bans. "Heya Cap. You okay?"
"Huh? Sorry just um. Just drifting. Look um..." Tony shoved both hands in his pockets and walked towards the edges of the blanket. "I uh. I'm not good at this sorta thing. The whole dating scene. I'm kinda of scared to death. I know I'm really fucked up so I'm not gonna pretend we'll be okay because I don't know. Your like, perfect and gentlemanly and all of those wonderful things that everyone wants in a relationship. The only things I can balance is my checkbook and a good bottle of Scotch. So, I'm really sorry right now if I fuck things up."
Steve shook his head at Tony, taking the first aid kit and kneeling to inspect the gash on Tony's leg. It wasn't too bad, but Steve winced at the sight of it. He hated to see Tony in any kind of pain... Suddenly, he had an idea. Dropping the first aid kit on the floor, he grabbed Tony's leg and brought his lips to the gash, kissing it gently before running the tip of his tongue around the cut, keeping his eyes locked on Tony's face as he tasted his blood and sweat.
Tony smiled automatically at seeing Steve. He popped a curious brow. Steve grinned his thousand watt smile.
The girl heard the bell but didn't expect her customer to be Captain Rogers. She tightened her right hand on a bunch of ferns and thanked god they were not roses. "Captain..uuh oops sorry. Mr. Rogers. H...how can I help you?" Her name tag read "Angie" Angie set the ferns aside and smoothed her apron. Waiting attentively.
"Please say your not finished with me yet Steven..." Tony whispered against Steve's lips "I want to feel you cum inside."
Steve smiled down at Tony. Hyperaware of their close proximity. "Compliment him. That should get the message across."
"Come on Tony. You need to go to bed." Steve's voice poured over him wrapping him in a cocoon of warmth.
Tony looked at the bottles. Then up at Steve looking surprised. A little red creeping in on his ears and cheeks. "Steve? Uuuuuuhhh. What exactly are you up to?"
Tony shuddered. His mind exploded at hearing Steve's commands. Whats more is how quickly he reacted to obey them. Hooking his thumbs just under the waistband he slid them down. A little slowly. The silken material deliciously caressing his cock as the muscle made a soft thump sound against his belly. He felt the cold touch of liquid as the air met the result of his leaking arousal. Tony shivered. His entire body prickling to life as he watched Steve's face. Hoping he liked what he saw. "Ready Sir." Tony rasped out. Mouth suddenly dry.
"Awww Cap. You wound me. I may pass out and you would be required to perform mouth to mouth." Tony purred.
Steve stopped thrusting ad he heard Tony apologize, then pulled completely from Tony's body. Grabbing Tony gently by the shoulders, steve spun Tony around, smiling. "Tony. Don't feel bad. I'm not mad or upset. The opposite actually. I think it's amazingly erotic that you came so quickly for me. It means I did everything right." His eyes sparkled as he raised his hand to his mouth and started to lick Tony's cum from his fingers.
"Love is like a bare program. It's there. But it takes two people to customize it. No matter if certain parts of the program works or not. It's still there. The two people simply keep working on it. Honing it and refining it until said program works for the both of you."
"Guess thats a no then. Betchya he's one of those Gentlemen in the streets, Freak in the sheets sorta dudes.
Clint grinned at Natasha and nodded at Steve. He left the area to go check on Tony after a few moments.
No one was around in the living room, he heard Clint milling around in the kitchen. Whistling. Hearing a throat clearing he turned to the direction of the sound. His eyes softened as he felt his mouth go slightly dry.
Natasha took the carnations Steve hurriedly handed her. "Those are for a tradition in my family. I didn't keep him waiting did I?"
Steve floundered for a second. He hadn't meant to cry, couldn't give away the reason why just yet. His heart beat harshly in his chest, fueling the words that wanted to spill from his lips, but his brain was screaming in the negative. For one perfect moment he was poised on the tip of a blade, then suddenly he fell to one side. He shook his head, smiled at Tony. But the smile didn't quite reach his eyes. "Allergies I guess. Sorry. Guess I should pick up some medicine for them while we're out huh?" He let go of Tony and stepped back a little, still smiling. "Alright, playboy, I'm going in for that shower now. Bring me some shorts?" Steve tossed over his shoulder as he turned and padded away.
Tony felt Steve's finger beginning to explore his insides Tony's moans became louder. Like his very existence hinged on that one digit. "NNNNNNAAAAHHHHHSTEEEEEVE"
Tony stepped into the communal living areas heading for the kitchen  just as Steve stepped out from the kitchen quickly allocating whatever was in his hands behind his back.
Tony slid his hands to wrap up around Steve's neck. Jesus. Was this really happening? Tony let out another throaty groan, pressing himself into Steve's hand. "Do... Know what you..doing Rogers?" Tony managed to mutter out barely.
Tony watched his friend leave. He took a deep breath and looked into the mirror. "Right..I got this."
"Gee that's perfect. Thanks again. I also want these as well." Steve placed the carnations onto the floral desk.
Steve's smile pushed it's limit as he felt his face very nearly hurting. Tony was being funny and cocky. That meant he was terrified but wanted this. Wanted them.
"Yeah, wonderful idea Cap. And we can have cookouts, family dinners and even movie night." Tony mentioned sarcastically unable to help the now forming smirk.
Steve growled at Tony's words and let go of Tony's cock, taking him around the waist and yanking him off the counter, then spinning him around, pressing his hips against Tony's ass, while reaching around and grabbing Tony's cock and stroking it roughly. "Is this what you want, Tony? You want my cock inside you while you watch me stroking you until you cum? Hmm? Look at my hand around you, Tony, and tell me how badly you want me to fuck you!"
Steve closed his eyes, melting into the kiss, pulling Tony flush against him. He felt an amazing fluttering in his chest and a single tear fell down his cheek.
"Now. You kids be good. Don't be inappropriate and Steve. I want him back by one a.m. Or you get to deal with why he missed his board meetings with Miss Potts." Bruce chided good-naturedly. Tony groaned.
Tony's breath hitched. He recovered good enough. "Goodnight Steve."  He went inside. Steve turned to head to his room. Tony walked. No. He floated to his bed and flopped onto it after shedding his shoes, tie and jacket. There were no nightmares that night. Only dreams of Steve Rogers.
"Well. My original suit is still in repair. I can get it off just need to go to the lab. Jesus fuck. Fuck it. House is already in disrepair. Follow me soldier boy. If I fall through anything. Don't worry. I did reinforce the floors in the tower though since ... Never mind. Just follow." Tony wasn't about to regale Steve about his earlier suit testing. That would require a lack of ego. Something Tony didn't want to give up anytime too soon. "Jarvis fire up the emergency gantry."
Clint's eyebrows rose slightly. "Damn. Dude. Mr. Tony Stark-Rogers. Yeah. It has a nice ring to it."Clint mentioned softly.
Steve felt his muscles go slack and he sank gracefully to the floor, ignoring the mess that the two of them were in, and wrapped his arms around Tony, pulling him close and worried by the tears. "Tony, what's wrong?" Steve was no longer the dominant he'd been only moments ago, but a genuinely concerned friend and lover.
"They are wildflowers. They grow under any conditions." Angie was proud of herself. She wasn't sure exactly who they were for, but there were rumors.
Natasha finally looked up smiling playfully. She took in his navy blue trousers and matching pin striped shirt.
Steve felt his heart explode in his chest when he heard Tony whisper the words he'd so desperately wanted to hear. He felt like laughing and crying, kissing Tony and running around screaming his love from the rooftops. It was such a jumble of emotions that he finally just settled for pulling Tony to him, laughing softly, every so often interspersed with little sobs as tears tracked down his cheeks. It was a few minutes before he could speak past the lump in his throat, but when he could he looked Tony in the eye and spoke the same words in a raspy tone. "God, Tony, I love you too. I love you so much!"
Tony watched his friend leave. He took a deep breath and looked into the mirror. "Right..I got this."
Tony held his breath as if he let it out, the moment would abruptly seize. This was perfection. Dreams realized. Swallowing thickly he looked at the bright blue's of his Captain.
Letting out another sign the Omega rubbed his sleep affected balled fists against his tired eyes, trying to clear his head and distract himself from the confusing situation.
Peter pouted at the depressed looking Alpha and swiftly sprung up from the couch and strolling over to the miserable man, a plan forming in his head already.
The car ride home was spent in comfortable silence. Tony was leaning against the window, eyes dropping every few minutes, the tiredness noticeable and seeping into his mind more and more. Steve was concentrating on the road but kept stealing glances towards the Omega every few minutes, the sheer cuteness from a sleepy Tony being too inviting not to look.
Suddenly a strong, big hand reached out for him, making Tony’s eyes go wide. The Alpha was taking his chin in between his fingers, stroking across his face with a careful touch, such a contrast to his feral behaviour a few seconds ago.
“Good Morning Peter, I hope you have slept well,” the voice of Captain America greeted him welcoming. America’s smile really could lift everyone’s spirit.
Because damn. Tony wasn’t overly vain but he had to admit, the sight in the mirror amazed him to a certain degree.
Next thing he knows a hot mouth pressed against his own with a brute, filthy force. The Alpha was forcing his tongue into the Omega’s mouth right away, wanting to taste everything the man had to offer and more.
The look on Steve’s face said it all, the unexpectedness, the disbelief and, deeply buried, the sadness. He couldn’t understand the Omega in any way that moment, nothing came to his mind that would explain the reasons the man across from him apparently had to consider this date, which had been slowly getting more enjoyable after they finally started talking comfortably to each other, a mistake.
Now, he could also feel the concerned blue eyes directed at his face and the Omega smiled up at the blond to ensure him everything was alright. How could he not? Just seeing Steve’s gleaming eyes and flawless expression would make anyone smile out of sheer reflex, that man was truly blessed look wise.
So naturally he only saw the other heroes at the end of every week and he always enjoyed the time, cherished it even, especially his alone time with Tony, or as he began to call him, Dad.
Only he didn’t and rather wanted to fuck himself on the perfect, all-American dick once again. Repetitiously, of course.
Out of instincts he licked across the head once more and moaned at the godly taste. Quickly he lowered his hot mouth down the length, gotten used to Steve’s sheer size a bit. The position now mirrored the previous one. Tony moaning around the Alpha’s cock, spit sliding down and pooling at the base while he listened to the man moan from behind him, a few growls and grunts slipping out here and there.
But only a few hours later a loud ringing sounded off in the room and both of them were ripped from their precious sleep. Ugh.
Quickly he lifted Tony of the couch, before sitting down in his place prior and settling the man back down in his lap. Super strength certainly had its perks, Steve grinned relaxing in the warmth and comfort of Tony.
While contemplating his current situation, the others decided on a movie after all, some random romantic comedy Tony honestly didn’t give a shit about. He was content just relaxing into the soft couch and having his oldest son in his arms.
Bucky still not getting what was so funny, simply leaned back into the couch, sighed softly and quickly stretched out his left arm, shoving the person next to him in the process.
Okay, maybe it was just puberty and Tony was merely overreacting. But then again, no, it was totally the fault of passing time and the fact that his kids couldn’t seem to stop growing for one damn second. Honestly, Tony was afraid Harley would be taller than him in a few months, as much as the young Alpha was eating lately.
The elevator ride was rather short, which it always was, thanks to the best technologies available at the courtesy of Tony himself. Though this time it felt dreadingly long, which Tony probably should just blame his rising anxiety for.
“Thank you for telling me, Tony”, Steve started. “I understand why you’re so wary of dating anyone now. I just- my feelings they haven’t changed, I still feel the way I feel and I hope you understand that nothing could convince me you’re not fit to be with me.”
Admittedly it was rather old fashioned the idea of covering your Omega’s neck from being seen by other people. Most couples didn’t participate in such a ritual anymore due to its outdated time and ideals. Though, Tony’s inner Omega was preening at the sight, the idea of being owned by the blond Alpha, by Steve, was seriously making him dizzy, in a good way however. It felt strangely right and his instincts made him yearn for the feeling of the leather band around his neck, which surprised the man to no end.
“Look who’s cowering on the floor like the useless, weak Omega he is,” a voice sneered suddenly from above the pup, who raised his head at the cruel words.
Tony raised his head, looking upwards, trying to spot Peter in the low lightening of the room. Only his kid could produce that amount of artificial webs in such a short time and wide range and Tony was concerned, because usually Peter would be sound asleep at this time of the day. He had school tomorrow for hell’s sake and the boy couldn’t miss another day.
The rising tension of a missing answer filled the table and Tony was innerly close to a panicking once again.
A mating to a strong dominant Alpha like that. His Omega brain was swooning with want and desire, hole already getting wet.
“How much time left, Happy?”, Peter asked curiously and jumping slightly in his seat out of excitement.
And, well, the only thing Tony’s brain came up with in his wrecked stage was a headbutt. A hard one.
The Omega was catching his breath above the blond for a split second, the concentrated scent clouding his mind and the presence of the Alpha’s stare behind him making him emit another whimper. However he had something else to take care of. Leaning downwards even more, presenting in a typical omegan way, Tony took the hot, stiff cock into his hands once again, taking note of the pulsing erection and precum dripping head, teasing him to no end.
Right before the next person could ask a question the bell rang and the students quickly gathered their belongings, while Peter pack up his things as well, ready to go to his last class of the day.
Pulling his foot upwards as fast as he could Tony paled at the cause of his suffering. A lego brick was laying on the floor as innocent as ever, partly hidden by the soft carpet and right in that second the Omega got a heap of flashbacks.
Only then did the two dominant figures realize that somebody stepped between them, now blocking the stare off and flooding the room with a new scent, the scent of pissed off Omega parent. Well, fuck. Omega parents were a force to be reckoned with, every person knew that, thus Harley and Steve halted their snarls rather quickly, not wanting to provoke the older Omega even more so.
The Alpha growled at the sudden shout and playfully bit down lightly on the Omega’s neck, wanting him to calm down once again, not risking for him to move too much in danger of pulling at the still inflated cock. “Well, I usually get up around 6 AM, I was awake and had nothing else to do and you were snoring so cutely.”
Tony’s brain took a double take at the implication, the small confession. ‘Seeing an Alpha’, he really just thought of Steve like that, like it was already official, like the blond was already his Alpha. And what the fuck? Now he was completely sure, his brain has lost its function. This couldn’t be normal, shouldn’t be normal or how he should behave after one date with the man!
The Alpha, though being annoyed at the Omega’s snark, was complying, not wanting to wait any longer. His cock was hurting from being turned on for such a long time already.
A few seconds later Tony managed to look out of the windows without wincing at the light every time he merely blinked and finally noticed the great city skyline of New York, the many skyscrapers and their windows glimmering in the early morning rays of light. A view, Tony was sure, you could only take in like that from the Avengers tower. One reason he and Pepper designed the tower with a certain height in the middle of Manhattan, wanting to experience a dash of freedom and tranquility in a busy and stressful city.
“I have two working hands”, he looked at him unimpressed. Though, innerly the Omega was whining at having such a thoughtful Alpha.
But the way the teen handled the class reminded Steve of the times Tony stood in front of crowds and charming them with his words.
Regardless of his previous accepted gifts this time was different and so very intimate, which worried Steve to the core. What if it was too soon? What if Tony plainly laughed at the idea and left him? What if he hated him afterwards?
“Uh thank you, Alpha,” Tony breathed out, eyes transfixed by the the boy. With careful hands he unwrapped the box and what he saw made his heart stop for a second.
Peter was aware that even Happy wasn’t immune to Captain America’s charm, which the boy was secretly thankful for, it would make this whole secret thing easier for him. Everything to keep this under wraps from his worried mother.
Tony placed down his hands in his lap. “This. The date. Whatever you’re trying to do here today with all your Alpha manners and shit.”
Then he hastily pulled out another bouquet from his back, gentle pastel coloured flowers catching Tony’s eyes and making him raise an eyebrow.
Steve groaned, the Omega clenching down on his cock once again. The heat, the closeness, Steve simply couldn’t get enough.
And that’s how they came face to face with the mess Peter had caused only mere hours ago. Tony promised himself, after that sight, Peter would never be allowed unsupervised in the kitchen again.
Even Harley, his young Alpha pup, seemed taken back by the sheer force of Alpha behavior in one room. Frozen to the ground the boy could only stare at the two man with big eyes, neck unwillingly bared by instincts, inner Alpha probably submitting in fear of having to participate as well.
However, something was different, ringing alarm bells inside the boy’s head and making his instincts weary in the process. Taking a deep sniff of the Omega’s neck the pup paled at the realization. An Alpha’s scent was covering his mother’s neck, the thick, strong smell so different from the usual fresh and sweet side. And how fucking dare he?! That Alpha thought he could just take his mother away from Harley. But not as long as the young Alpha could still breathe.
Steve’s instincts kicked in right away when he saw the young pup of Tony trying to measure strengths with him, to scare him off and protect his mother. And no, as the superior Alpha Steve couldn’t back down, even if it was a child in front of him.
The Alpha preened at the praise and puffed out his chest in pride, taking in the reaction of his successful courting in a stride. The pheromones thickened in the room at the words.
The deep sigh from the front of the car caught his attention immediately, though not an unusual occurrence in the morning. Happy, the ever tired looking man, who has dealt with their mother for a long time now and consequently also dealt with his kids, was gazing at the brown haired boy through the rearview mirror with a cocked eyebrow.
The pups glared at each other playfully and nodded at their mother, because, well waffles and pancakes are better than just one of those things. Their plan all along and to be fair, Tony just couldn’t say no, somehow his soft spot being his own downfall in these moments.
With that the Omega kept walking through the living room on, clearly steering for Steve’s bedroom. The Alpha was gazing at the determined looking man and grinned lightly while releasing another purr. Such a thoughtful Omega he had.
The Alpha nibbled at the Omega’s neck absent minded and grunted with every trust against Tony’s cloth covered hole. It should be illegal, he noted, for the Omega to wear clothes in bed. Steve would love to keep the sweet Omega naked at all times, just in his presence of course. No one was allowed to the man naked but him.
The sudden low growl from Steve made him look up for another split second. The Alpha was clearly internally cursing out the statement, scent of anger rising quickly.
Peter on the other hand, his youngest at 12 years, was born an Omega, which alarmed Tony as soon as the doctor classified the boy after his birth. It wasn’t easy being an Omega, boldly said. Tony knew that perfectly. Yet, despite his doubts and fears he always supported Peter in every decision he made. Trying out a sport only Alphas usually played? Tony made sure to come to every game, scream his lungs out with Harley by his side and maybe, totally, write down every name of the other players that ridiculed his son. Develop an interest in science just like his brother and father? Tony encouraged him right away, buying science books and taking him down to his lab whenever he liked. Peter was soaking up everything he could, just like his brother. Besides his obvious intelligence the young boy was polite, kind hearted and friendly to everyone, always wearing a soft smile on his face while cocking his head in the cutest way possible.
The cock that thumbed against his gaping hole made the Omega struggle, his hands clenching the sheets for dear life, mouth letting out a string of pleads and whines. He was so fucking ready.
“Steve?”, a sudden voice, his voice, sounded from across the room. “What are you doing here? And most importantly, how did you get into the lab while I’m working?”, Tony asked suspiciously, setting down the gadget in his hand and crossing his arms exceptionally.
Steve was close to moaning at the pressure his lower regions suddenly received. A collared Omega in his lap, no, a collared Tony in his lap, was like a wet dream. Though, this was reality and the blond could touch the man on top of him with ease, which he did eagerly, one hand feeling the material around Tony’s neck and the other slowly moving downwards.
Steve sighed, a look of pure pain crossing his gentle features. "You have to be kidding. What's wrong with it?"
Clint nodded watching after his friend thoughtfully. "Actually man. You got this. So. Tasha and I were gonna make Italian and settle in to watching The Godfather. Come to find out she's big on Al Pacino."
It was all Steve could do to finally release the kiss. It was a fleeting preview of Tony's taste and soft skin. He wanted more.
Tony snorted taking Steve's hand. "Do I have ice cream. What sort of Billionaire do you take me for Captain Sexy Ass. Huh?" Tony's grin turned into a full blown smile. "Yes honey. I have ice cream. What flavors did ya want?" He asked Steve reaching out playfully to slap Steve's ass.
The rest of the drive was quiet. Soft jazz playing in the background. Tony had the window down for the welcomed cool breeze. Steve was humming to "Moon River". Tony noticed they were getting further out of the city. He looked back at Steve completely stymied.
Tony laughed out loud "Oh Captain, my Captain" Tony crowed playfully. Looping his left arm around Steve's neck. "Let's". Tony agreed leaning up sprinkling soft kisses on the sides of Steve's jaw and neck as they headed out of the lab.
Steve sucked the head of Tony's cock into his mouth, swirling his tongue around it, licking the underside and then lowering his head and taking most of Tony's hardness into his mouth. He moaned as he sucked harder, bobbing his head up and down, getting into a groove.
"The pronoun game?...oh" Steve sat back further on the couch. Realizing Tony meant a guy.  Okay. Pressure cooker in Steve's gut reaching danger level. Tony was silent. "Well he is stupid if he doesn't give you a chance."
This time Tony through his head back with a hearty laugh. "I do!" Tony yelled at the stars, just to be sure they heard him. Steve's eyes followed the skin just below Tony's goatee traversing to the left clavicle then the right. Meeting into a pyramid at his Adam's apple bobbing away merrily. Before Steve realized it, his lips were gently kissing that Adam's apple, it's bobbing stopped short as Tony felt all his breath stolen in one strategic moment. His awkward grip on Steve's shirt tightened as his throat went very suddenly dry.
"We're not. I have a picnic planned in the meadow where Angie the florist gets her wildflowers. I want to talk to Tony. Get to know him you know?"
"Yeah? Good. Because I'm supposed to take him out tonight. I don't want to be late or make him think I stood him up or anything." Steve was staring at Tony's lips.
Tony watched Steve drive. A slight smirk playing at his lip edge. "So uh, you look nervous when driving Steve. Any reason for that? I could give you one..." Tony trailed wriggling his eyebrows.
Steve rushed around the car to Tony. One hand automatically on his back. Tony breathed deep just like Bruce taught him to during their meditations.  Fuck psychiatric help.  After a few moments, Tony stood up. His back to Steve and completely embarrassed. "Sorry. Sometimes that happens. I'm good."
Steve got that *Captain America* concerned look again. Tony looked back down to his paper. "Maybe she would just enjoy your company."
Tony dropped to his knees like the force of Steve's voice dropped him. The sheer command in Steve's voice shook Tony's insides. The resounding sound of Tony's knees hitting tile could be heard. He winced a little. But it was pain well recieved. Bruises he looked forward to. Tony sat back on his haunches presenting his palms to Steve. "Permission to serve my Country Sir?" It wasn't a tease. It was pure submission. The diminutive way Tony peered up to look st Steve was soft and sweet, willing, no desperate to serve.
Steve chuckled. "Shut up Tony" he answered playfully. Steve got out of the car and opened Tony's door. Still holding Tony's hand he led the smaller male with him to open the trunk. He handed Tony some pillows as he grabbed the blankets and picnic basket.
"Sure, as long as you have a shower big enough for both of us?" Steve asked. When Tony only snuggled closer, Steve wrapped his arms tighter around the smaller man, feeling suddenly protective. He somehow instinctively knew that Tony was in the grips of something hurtful, and while Steve couldn't protect Tony from whatever demons he harbored inside, he could at least let Tony know he was there. "Tony..." he wanted so badly to tell Tony that he was in love with him, but he knew that was probably the wrong thing to say this early in the game. So he settled for simply being sweet, which was what Steve Rogers was and always would be. "I got you, Tony. I always will."
"No, just coming out to enjoy the view." Steve leaned up against the rail, folding his arms over the top of it and looking out over the skyline. In the distance he could see Stark Tower, its damage hidden by the dark, the remaining 'A' lit up like a beacon. Steve smiled a little and nodded toward it. "You gonna leave it like that?"
the cold floor beneath them, as well as the rapidly cooling stickiness of Tony's cum on both of them. He dropped a kiss on Tony's head, then mumbled teasingly into Tony's hair. "Tony, as much as I'd love to sit here all night, I think we should go somewhere more comfortable."
Steve sucked harder, but not hard enough to cause pain. He moaned more around Tony's cock, determined to make Tony cum before they headed to the bedroom.
Tony's breath hitched hard at the sudden change in position. The feeling of being airborn like a rag doll was thrilling to Tony. Steve's words and actions was beyond shocking to the billionaire turned pliant toy in the Captain's good hands. His body reacting before his mind could even register. The primal natural rutting. Feeling Steve's still clothed but hard groin pushing into his backside had Tony griping back. Tugging at the annoying material. "Steve please ! Stop teasing baby. Need you so bad. Please! T..take me!  I need you in me please Steven!"
"What? Tony I was in the army. Just because I never dated doesn't mean I didn't have thoughts. Dame's just wasn't my thing."
"Um.  Bout that mouth to mouth staying in for the night part..." Tony mused aloud. His eyes dreamy and focused on Steve.
Steve chuckled lightly as they pulled up to a stoplight. He looked at Tony taking in the scent and fashion of the man he asked out on a date. "You really do looking amazing. I like that color on you." Steve mentioned affectionately.
Clint shrugged. "Naw. Maybe just a shot in the leg or some shit. She loves me." Clint said matter-of-factly.
Steve felt out of his element at such a gala event, though it never showed on his cool exterior. He smiled, greeted people, made small talk and ate without making people feel as if his focus was wavering at all. It was nice, being able to relax, to not worry about alien attacks, or demi-gods trying to take over the world, or anything of that nature. Tonight, Captain America was off duty, and he could be just plain old Steve Rogers. Or so he thought. But just because he was off duty didn't mean he wasn't looking out for his teammates. Every once in a while, his watchful blue eyes scanned the room, seeking them out. None of them gave him any cause for concern except Tony, who had more cause than the others to be suffering from stress. He had almost died, after all. Had it not been for Bruce's alter-ego, they could be mourning Tony now, instead of celebrating the defeat of Loki and his Chitauri allies. At that thought, Steve felt a twinge in his chest. He looked for Tony, saw him slip outside, and breathed an almost silent sigh of relief. Finally, an excuse to escape these crowded confines. Quickly, he made his apologies to the small cluster of people around him and went after Tony as nonchalantly as possible.
Once the transaction was made Steve bolted out happy as a lark. He hoped Tony would love the bouquet.
Steve turned off the water when he heard Tony's voice. "Thanks... You know, I don't even know what to call you. Sweetheart? Darling? Honey buns?" At that last, Steve's laughter rang out through the bathroom.
Clint nodded watching after his friend thoughtfully. "Actually man. You got this. So. Tasha and I were gonna make Italian and settle in to watching The Godfather. Come to find out she's big on Al Pacino."
"You. Are absolutely no help at all..." Tony pointed almost threateningly.  He slowly turned and marched back into the bathroom.  Clint fell off the furniture in a giggle fit. His phone jingled.
"Oh, trust me, Tony, I'll make sure to lick it from every inch of your flesh." Steve bit gently on the skin between Ton'y neck and shoulder, loving the taste. His right hand slowly slid from Tony's hip to the front of Tony's pants, rubbing in gentle circles around Tony's hardness, as Steve sucked harder, intent on leaving a hickey. He pulled away just long enough to moan softly in Tony's ear. "And the best part of my sundae is going to be the cream filling."
The buildup to Tony's flesh meeting his cock, finally, almost made Steve come undone. He didn't know how he managed to keep from cumming, but he breathed a prayer of thanks to the holy family that he'd managed to hold it together. He couldn't bring himself to speak, however, because he knew that giving one more command would be the final straw. So he stared at Tony, frowning a little, hoping Tony would take the hint and continue.
"No this is fine. I really like jazz. Bruce has turned me on to quite a bit actually. And if this place is so relaxed. I don't see the problem. Besides. We are all dressed up. We have to go
"I enjoy him as well. Whelp Cap. Thanks. Gotta fix Clint's bow before he hurts himself." Tony got up taking his dishes to the dishwasher and topping off his coffee."
Steve's eyebrows shot up. "Virgin? Now Tony, where would you ever get that idea?" Steve stepped closer to Tony, a predatory light gleaming in his sky blue eyes.
"No problem Tony. You really need to eat more." Steve watched Tony's backside as he headed for the lab.
"Suit yourself Cap. I'll be in the lab." Tony took his drink with him heading to his suite to change.
Tony looked up at Steve through his lashes looping his arms around his neck. Hissing softly at the feel of their groins brushing together. "You would be the only one I would allow." He mentioned softly moving his tongue over Steve's lips once more.
Steve followed obediently, hoping Tony would be able to get the suit off, so that he could get his hands on Tony's body. Steve was so hard it hurt, and if the suit didn't come off soon, Steve was willing to tear it off a piece at a time to get at the sexy body beneath the metal.
"Um.  Bout that mouth to mouth staying in for the night part..." Tony mused aloud. His eyes dreamy and focused on Steve.
"I uh. I really liked that. That hand thing." Tony thanked God it was dark. He was certain he matched his shirt.
Steve fidgeted while waiting for the florist to perform her art. His eyes scanned the many colors painting the room. He smiled to himself. The flowers soothed him. He remembered when they could afford extra. His mom would give him enough for a picture show. If they were really lucky. She always bought carnations. Two, one for her and one for him. They were a vibrant red. And one white one for his dad. Steve gravitated to the carnations. He picked out 5 red ones and nine white ones. Ones for the Howling Commandos including Bucky. One for Phil Coulson, Peggy Carter and one each for his mom and dad. It made him a little sad. Steve still felt the remembrance was necessary.
The sheer bliss of feeling Tony's mouth finally wrapping around his cock made him cry out, an almost scream. His hips jerked forward, plunging his cock fully into the warm wetness, and tangling his fingers into Tony's hair, holding his head still. Then he started thrusting his hips forward, groaning at the feeling of warm wetness then the shock of the cool air. "Tony, baby, I'm going to cum soon. And when I do, you're going to be a good boy and swallow it all, or you will be punished."
"Sure thing Hun" Tony replied naturally taking the clothes from Steve. "I will wash these for you." Tony felt right. Felt comfortable like never before. He felt loved and safe. Wondered if Steve felt something similar. Right now he hated that sunlight. It meant their magical night was over and life soon set in. Making the two separate. He never felt this way. Not even with Pepper. Oh sure there was levels of domestic comfortability involved. But not like this. Not like feeling that he could just melt into Steve. Tony was scared, but he believed Steve when he said he would always be there.
With a deep sigh he slinked into the kitchen. Moving to the coffee pot he saw a note on the counter.
Steve was smiling big as he walked over to underneath the tree and spread out the blanket. He gently set the picnic basket down and held his hand to Tony for the pillows. Tony was actually back to really nervous again as he watched Steve's muscled form place everything where it should be. Including one lovely outdoor glass candle.
Everyone stood staring at Clint. Including Dr. Banner as he came into the communal areas from the lab.
Steve put a finger to his lips, striking a thinking pose. "Hmmm. Let me think. Out of the two of us, which one is more likely to have started this whole thing?" Steve's eyes glittered with mischief. "Certainly not me..."
"Huh. Yeah. Just. A little lightheaded. Probably need food Baby. That snd uhhh been holding that in for awhile you know?" Tony replied dazedly. "Baby your crying" Tony mentioned half out of it but happy.
Steve half-turned smiling at Tony after his playful statement. Tony's breath quietly hitched behind his Stark Industries logo mug. That smile could bring back the dead. Tony mused.
Tony checked his shirt and pants in the mirror. Once satisfied he turned to look at Clint. "I thought if he asked to marry me tonight what would I say. I didn't hesitate in my mind when I answered myself back with a yes. Weird huh?"
Clint glanced up. He stared for a moment, then his hand covered his mouth. Try as he may. He couldn't stifle the giggles.
No one was around, he heard Clint milling around in the kitchen. Whistling. Hearing a throat clearing he turned to the direction of the sound. His eyes softened as he felt his mouth go slightly dry.
Clint nodded. His lopsided grin finishing his expression. "True, but did you know her favorite color is pink?  I mean, like, baby fucking pink."  Clint adjusted himself in the chair to an almost perch position.
Steve nodded. "A shower sounds heavenly. Um, but maybe we should go one at a time?" A teasing note entered his voice. "Because I'm pretty sure you can turn heaven naughty in just under five seconds."
Tony took the elevator to the top most floor. There were...candles. A small tea light for each concrete step leading to the roof door. Tony felt like he couldn't move. His heart high fived his throat.
"Goodnight Tony" Steve watched Tony go. His brows knitted in worry. That boiling pot of jealousy getting bigger and no one to tell.
"Do I get to call you Dr. Phil?" Tony felt a little bile raise in his throat. He never thought he would miss Agent. No memorial, no funeral. Nothing just wiped. He swallowed thickly pushing it down.
Once Steve was in the car and they were pulling out of the garage. He looked at Tony momentarily. "I hope I don't offend you when I do stuff I normally would with dames. It's just how I was taught."
Tony almost flailed but stopped himself. Never mind that cute squeak that just came out of his mouth. Tony's hands remained resting on Steve's chest.
Natasha smiled brightly taking the flowers and heading into the kitchen to fix them in a vase of water. "No Steve. He is just about ready. Rumor has it he is nervous."
Steve cocked his head, noting that not only was Tony talking too fast, he also looked a little nervous. "Ok, Tony, it's whatever you wanna do. Can you bring the clothes to the bathroom while I shower?" Steve asked as he handed over his suit. He felt a bit awkward, but somewhat cozy, like they were a couple... Steve's mind reeled away from the thought and he shook his head, trying to dislodge it. He and Tony weren't anything, yet. With a realization that hit like a ton of bricks, Steve realized that he wanted them to be something...Just did.
Steve turned off the stove placing 4 flapjacks on a plate drenched in syrup and butter just like Tony likes them. Crossing the kitchen he set Tony's dish next to him as He grabbed his own plate of omelet and hash browns and seated himself next to Tony. Tony's eyebrows popped up happily as he moved the plate closer licking his lips.
"Tony made a slight hummm noise at hearing Steve's words. He heard the feeling behind Steve's words. Deciding not to jump the gun just yet. Not to say something he might regret. Tony knew he was good at that. Fucking things up. He knows Steve is old fashion. Even if he didn't show it in the bedroom per se. Tony lwanted this. What they have what he needs. Hopefully what Steve wanted as well. "I know ya do Steve" Tony replied softly. "Howabout we snag a shower and then commence a raiding of the fridge. Tony looked up at Steve smirking then wiggled his eyebrows "yeah?"
“Let me accompany you through your heat. I’m not the most experienced and I tend to get lost in my instincts, making me rather feral, as you’ve already seen. But I know I can satisfy you,” the Alpha cockily grinned at his last statement, crossing his arms in front of his muscled chest with a growl. He splayed his legs open, clearing the view to his rather well endowed cock.
“Hello Peter”, the Alpha greeted awkwardly, not having seen the pup since the incident two days ago.
“Why is everyone laughing? Steve, I swear to god, if you dragged me to another talk show again I will hit your punk ass head with my metal arm,” the sudden deep mumbling cut through the loud laughter. A slow awakening Bucky Barnes was rubbing his eyes as he lifted his head to finally take in the scene in front of him.
Steve was in pure bliss as he watched the heat ridden Omega press small licks on his still clothed cock. He watched the skillful mouth closely, imagining what it would feel like to sheet his thick cock into the Omega’s wet mouth. God, he wanted to touch the man’s hair so badly, pet him as a sign of admiration, signaling him what a good Omega he was being at the moment.
No matter how cute his kid was, he’d never be allowed in the kitchen again by himself, Tony thought finally as the other around him kept laughing at the scene that just took place.
The Alpha sighed happily at the satisfied look on Tony’s face, the face of a sated Omega. If nothing the purrs the lovely Omega was unaware emitting proved it and made Steve grumble deeply.
“No but seriously”, the blond pup started once again, ignoring the piercing look of his mother and rather concentrating on the serious face of Captain America, who had his mouth set into a firm line. “Just looking at the statistics, from a logical point of view, it would be fairly easy for Uncle Thor to beat Steve. He is a god and last time I checked god beats super soldiers by far.”
Rhodey just raised an eyebrow, questioning his best friend even more so. After all he this was Tony, who was always here for another surprise and only had limited self control, when it came to experiments,  around Steve Rogers. His only impulse control beside the kid.
Suddenly the person beside him sprung up as if being struck by lightning. The short and confused “Mom?” muttered by a half asleep young Alpha pup being the only warning right before Tony scrambled away from the couch, running out of the room a string of curses heard from the hallway.
He knew Steve was too good for him, someone who Tony would just end up hurting and it made the man sick to his stomach since his inner instincts saw the Alpha as the perfect mate. Attentive, strong, handsome and so kind.
Hearing the unmistakable title coming from the Omega’s voice as the pressure on his hardening cock intensified ripped a deep moan from Steve. Out of instinct he trusted forward, chasing the sweet smell coming from the man lying in front of him.
The Omega couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Steve got it all wrong, he wasn’t the one untouchable but the Alpha clearly was. Has Steve ever looked into a mirror?
“The kid’s asleep Tony.”, Natasha mentioned fondly, eyeing the duo from across the kitchen with a smile tugging on her lips.
Heck, he was even brave enough to wrap his arm around the man a few minutes ago! So why couldn’t his mouth proceed in the same tactful act? Must be the direct eye contact and them sitting in front of each other, no place to hide anything, any emotion or gesture.
Ahh guys, I wanted to update this chapter way sooner than today but I've been staying at a hospital for nearly three weeks now and I really didn't have the time to write as much as I would have liked to.
A growl reached his ears and as he looked up at the Alpha a strong dominating scent reached his nose, accompanied by a lustful gaze. “Fuck, Tony, you look so good, so damn good. Like you’re my Omega, like you belong to me and me alone.”
As Tony’s mouth filled with hot cum, the sensation of the salty taste on his tongue and tongue playing with his rim while fingers teased his prostate, he let out a loud muffled moan. The feeling of stars erupting behind his close eyes throbbing throughout his whole body, making his body warm up hotly as white cum spurted out of his own dick and collapsing against the body beneath him.
God, he needed his face to move closer, tasting the sweet creature above him just like he did during Tony’s heat. He needed a constant reminder of the Omega’s slick.
Stories about a few latest missions, new Avenger’s equipment Tony was working on currently and their friends, both soon forgot about the fact they were on an actual date and rather kept speaking freely. Like they haven’t really in the past weeks.
But, his scent, his sweet pre-heat scent was pouring from the short Omega in strong, torturing, waves.
Steve’s inner Alpha was rioting at his team mates nerves, so close to lashing out and making the brash Omega submit with his Alpha voice.
Tony had to do something, quickly. His heat scent was triggering Steve’s Alpha instincts like crazy, which was why he had to get out of there. Or else...Tony didn’t want to think about it.
Of course first Tony made sure both his pups have finished their homework already, not wanting to deal with undone homework on a Monday morning the next day.
His boyfriend, as usual in most unsuspected situation, laughed, yet eyes holding concern. “Cannibalism is just nasty, Pete.”
“Oh shut up Harley, who’s still working on his P.G. 0035, huh?!”, Peter yelled fed up. “Ned’s and my idea is way better!”
The other Avengers, well, the ones still awake, looked at each other in question with worry written across their faces. A scared, bitter scent reached them, Harley clearly upset because of what happened. At least Peter was asleep, unaware snoring away.
The kid only whined at the question and buried himself further into the warmth of the Alpha, not giving a real answer.
Quickly Tony went over to his closet, pulled out a random pair of sweats and a shirt, he got dressed in a hurry.
He totally strayed away from everything, wrapped up by Steve’s usual sweetheart act and their previous friendship. The bitter taste of realization spread in his mouth and the man had to put down his cutlery for a second to not be swallowed up by overwhelmingness.
The pup closed the door with a bang and turned towards the Alpha with a wide and somewhat scary grin. “You owe me and I demand to be payed right now”, he declared with innocent eyes.
Taking the boy from Tony’s arms he carried him to his room and tucked him in, letting out a deep sighed as he finally closed the door.
“Pup, are you feeling better?”, Steve asked after another few minutes, taking in the calm breathing against his neck and only the small whimpers that escaped Peter’s mouth from occasion.
However, as he stood in his living room, or rather the common room of the Avengers Tower and looked at the feathers scattered across the floor and footprints decorating his ceiling, he wasn’t so sure anymore.
I hope you like how things turn out to be! So far I can say that something major will happen next chapter :)
But after a while he got thirsty, walking up to the sink he quickly filled a glass with cool water. However, when he turned around it was already too late.
It was true the situation a week ago wouldn’t have happened between Steve and Harley if the young pup would have learned from the beginning how to interact with other older Alphas and especially Alphas in contact with his mother.
The low rumble of the Alpha now complemented the slight purrs of the Omega, a rising amount of pheromones in the room now spurring both of their instincts on. Alpha wanting to protect and Omega wanting to cuddle up against the Alpha’s side, creating their own bubble of safety.
The Omega was surprisingly cheerful after the morning events, any doubts or insecurities not able to cloud his mind. Maybe it was just the presence of his pups near him, though, perhaps it also had something to do with the waiting Alpha in the kitchen.
Under any other circumstances Tony would have had a field trip with the information. But at the moment he had more important things to worry about, one being to stop a possible fight between two Alphas with super strength. Yeah, just a usual day at the tower.
Tony knew he shouldn’t  get attached to the gift, like it symbolized something more, like an unspoken promise for the future. It was ridiculous. The man was painfully aware of the truth, knew of all the reasons Steve and him could never be anything more, his own issues highlighted in his mind whenever the image of the blond Alpha crossed his thoughts.
Tony’s mind tried to process the information. His pup, Peter, helped an Alpha to court his mother just, just like that? So that can only mean that he must have accepted the presence of the Alpha in Tony’s life and that just stunned the man.
“Ohh genius against genius, the take down of the century!”, Clint all of sudden hollered across the room, riling up the kids even more so.
It took both of the heroes nearly two hours to get Peter from down the ceiling, which included throwing pillows, the boy ripped apart as he noticed them being filled with feathers and laughing the whole time as he swung around the feather filled room. Furniture got turned over, due to jumping on and over it, like a game of the floor is lava as Peter scattered across the room cackling like a mad man, or rather, mad spider.
Gripping the flowers tightly he cursed all the way back to the elevator, god, was he stupid, stupid for believing courting would be easy. Damn those movies for always making it seem so easy and achievable for normal people.
Slowly the night came to an end though as they finished their drinks and Steve paid for everything, much to Tony’s demise who kept on insisting ‘I’m way richer than you, let me pay you Alpha brute!’.
One finger stroked the wet cloth between his ass cheeks in a teasing manner and the Omega moaned out desperately, close to coming already again.
It wasn’t like the genius couldn’t be in the same room with Steve or something like that. No, they were, after a messy start, friends and truthfully Tony treasured time with the Alpha.
Though, Thor, on the other hand, was sitting next to his sons, eating what looked like a pile of scrambled eggs topped with another load of crispy brown bacon, while his hammer was set on another bar stool. Completely engrossed in his food, the god made for a pretty amusing picture next to the kids, who were shoveling food into their mouths just like their uncle.
“Obviously, or else he wouldn’t behave like a feral little spider child.”, Tony explained simply. Damn it, he should have kept a close watch on the teen after dinner.
The elevator soon arrived with Jarvis greeting them, informing Tony of the well being of his pups at the same time as they stepped into the device. The ride upwards was again spent in silence but this time not as comfortable before and rather like something tense was in the air.
Harley melted into the arms of his mother instantly and let out a low grumble while squeezing his arms tighter around the Omega’s sides. God, his mom’s hugs were just the best, to die for if he had to be honest.
God, the Omega was so close, Steve could easily make out his heavenly scent now, thick and rich in the air of the lab, a room Tony occupied daily. The room where everything started, Steve only just realized. The room where the man’s heat brought them together for the first time.
Tony’s eyes gazed at the bag immediately, like it was some kind of bomb waiting to go off, like something dangerous and not to be trusted. The wariness on his face explained it all.
With that the blond slowly leaned downwards and finally captured the Omega’s lips with his own in a sweet, chaste kiss. Nothing deep nor desperate, but so very special in its own way. The intimacy of the moment caught both slightly off guard, though, no one let it affect him as their lips continued to caress each other.
“Maybe Omega Stark just had to release himself, he’ll surely be back soon.”, Thor answered munching on a bag of crisps in his hands.
“Cut the crap Tony. I’m not watching you self sabotaging yourself again. Not with Steve”, she stressed with firm eyes and took a hold of the grey jeans as well, pulling them slowly towards her.
“It might surprise you, but believe me when I say that I had nothing to do with this mess for once. I swear.”, the genius threw his hands into the air, nearly hitting his boyfriend’s face in the process, to get his point across.
And who could blame him? Steve was the fitting image of the perfect Alpha, the glorified version romantic novels, Tony’s secret guilty pleasure, always liked to depict in detail. He had the looks, the strength, the righteousness, the saving the world aspect and honestly a cock to die for.
The pup quickly turned around and smiled widely at the Alpha, red cheeks and everything. “Sure, why wouldn’t it be?”, he asked and cocked his head to the side, leaning forward to retrieve his drink from the small table in front of him.
Not saying another word the man went over to the elevator and pressed the button, standing awkwardly in the living room still with the flowers, those damn flowers, in his hands. What a joke that idea was, he blamed himself, realizing he had to step up his courting game to achieve anything in the future with the Omega.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Thanks Jarvis and while you’re at it turn on the light, setting low, in the living room.”
Like that the blond slowly lowered the band around the man’s neck, taking in the goosebumps that promptly appeared on the Omega’s skin at the contact, Steve smoothly buckled the collar. Taking in the sight Steve lost his breath.
“Tony,” Steve breathed out, stepping closer to the Omega and grinning widely. “How are you? I made breakfast, better get yourself a plate before your sons finish it all off.”
And taking in the breathtaking view Tony wasn’t sure if he ever appreciated his home like that before, in all the years he has lived in the tower now.
Before he could worry any further and possible mess up his notes Jarvis’ calm voice pierced through his thoughts.
Though this time he couldn’t seem to find any regret flooding his mind. With that comforting thought Tony fell into a peaceful slumber with Steve by his side.
Peeking through his shaking finger the boy suddenly saw the young Alpha on the ground, holding his shoulder with a painful expression while the other guys ran away with panicked screams.
He looked like-like such a treat, Tony was even surprised himself he was still capable to look this, well, this pretty.
Fifteen minutes later Tony and his two still lightly grumbling pups reached the common floor without another hassle, only accompanied by a few complains here and there.
“For you information I slept approximately 7 hours last night, thank you very much. I’ve officially reached the peak of health, which means you can’t lecture me about self-care anymore,” he grinned up at the man with a proud look in his eyes. It was true he was greatly improving, perhaps because of his sated Omega nature, no one knew. “At least not every day,” the Omega finished and grasped Steve’s hand with a squeeze.
“Guessing Clint probably told you most of it already I’m giving you the short version,” the man gave in and started the story from the beginning of the date to the incident two days ago.
When Tony was done he looked down at the brown liquid inside his mug, a light blush prominent on his face at the thought of the blond Alpha. And if the Omega was being honest, reflecting on the things that happened, it all sounded like a cheesy story, too perfect and smooth. This didn’t sound like Tony Stark’s life at all.
Nevertheless Tony kept thinking, ‘weren’t they supposed to do something?’, something rather important and urgent. Although as a tongue sneaked into his mouth he could only let out a quiet moan, forgetting about whatever he was thinking of a second ago. His hands now gripped Steve’s shoulders tightly, hanging onto his boyfriend lazily.
Steve reacted immediately and stepped around the kitchen island, posture straight and intimidating, complementing his with aggression spiking scent and noticeable fangs shown through his dominant snarls.
The others of the group, except Natasha, like a switch was flipped, noticed the chaos around the common room and gasped at it openly.
“You alright there, Steve? You’re looking a little pale…”, the curious voice of Tony cut through his inner anxious thoughts as a thumb rubbed across the back of his hand.
Letting the two Alphas wait, Tony turned to his youngest pup, wanting to make sure Peter was alright before scolding the others further.
Steve also got out of the car, though with more care and a polite thanks directed at Happy who drove them here.
Tony’s eyes singled in onto the more than generous bulge and he gulped loudly, saliva pooling in his mouth. Damn, he was so ready to be wrecked.
Steve quickly got into position, head on the pillow and hands placed on his stomach, waiting for Tony and ignoring his throbbing dick for now. The cool sheets beneath him felt pleasant on his heated skin, making him relax even more into the bedding.
“I used to come here with Bucky quite a lot since the food is really good and was quite affordable, though not anymore probably because of inflation and the lot”, Steve continued to explain to the Omega, a small smile now gracing the face of the genius in amusement.
“So you think just because you brought Captain America to school you’re better than us?”, one of the Alphas asked disgusted.
Two figures entered the kitchen, one he could scent from miles away, Tony and Rhodey, with whom he was currently in a deep discussion, judging from his flailing limbs and excited gleam in his eyes.
A hand on his arm suddenly ripped him out of his, probably self loathing, thoughts and okay, Tony noted duly. The touch was warm and dare he even say inviting as Steve’s strong arms settled on his waist, Super Soldier surrounding him from all sides. No fair game play, though Tony couldn’t seem to care.
The Omega smiled lightly at the Alpha’s insistence to take care of something as mundane as breakfast. Well, maybe it was just his post orgasm friendliness. Tony wasn’t one to complain however, Steve was a pretty great cook and his breakfast was kind of infamous around the tower.
The Omega standing between the two growling Alphas was watching the whole scene with wide eyes, not ever having thought anything like this would happen tonight. He was biting his bottom lip with worry spiking inside of him.
“IF being the keyword, pup. Besides it doesn’t matter as we don’t challenge our team mates”, Steve declared with a pointed look and shoved a forkful of scrambled eggs inside his mouth without another word.
“An adult who keeps forgetting to eat like a toddler,” Natasha commented drily, as she crossed the room to sit down in a chair close to the still rambling Clint.
Tony’s eyes widened at the innocent comment, hand stilling on the Alpha’s head. “YOU WATCHED ME SLEEP?!”
“I WASN’T COWERING!”, Clint screeched, reminding Tony weirdly of Peter in that moment. “I was just...analyzing the situation, like the talented spy I am.”
The result was immediate as Peter thrown off guard, snapped up his head and in the process let go of his mug.
Though, not long and Tony’s head came up, body settling down in the blonds lap instead, moaning as his bottom made contact with the hardness beneath him. Just as he always imagined.
Steve chest rumbled at the affectionate gesture, angling his head up against the Omega’s tracing hand. “You’re so pretty Tony, no matter what. Especially when you sleep, so peaceful and just perfect”, the pheromone high Alpha mumbled into his neck, still cuming inside the genius.
“Omega, Tony, I would be the happiest man if you would agree to repeat this night and many more like this in the future.”
“We wanted to build a real life working death star. The one from the movies you love so much Mom. But since you weren’t here I couldn’t get into the lab for the needed materials, so naturally I had to end up using the old lego bricks from Uncle Clint’s floor.”
The man’s excited eyes quickly noted the other two men in the kitchen and his brain stalled for a moment, seeing Steve standing by the sink, looking as tasty and hot as ever.
The brown haired Omega kept on patting Steve’s back comforting and fitted his purring to match the blond’s. Both of them must have been a sight to behold, the genius was sure, but there was no other way for him to stop the fight. So cuddle time it was, even if everyone could see them.
Harley, his Alpha brother, the oldest. He has always been the leader, the strong one, a boy people listened to and admired. Well, except the countless mischievous pranks he was always pulling, his brother was, at least in Peter’s eyes, close to perfect. No matter how much they fought, bickered and annoyed each other, the young Omega would always look up to his brother.
Therefore, looking for any sugary treats he could find in the big kitchen, he began raiding the fridge. And what he found made him mentally jump from joy.
Sometimes he despised being an Omega. The reduction to his most primal instincts, the attraction of a mate and the need to be filled with another pup was so unbelievable torturous. Because, well, it was the one thing Tony actually and truthfully craved. Not that his two pups weren’t enough already, but his basic Omega instinct demanded more.
“Brave move, Rogers. Trying your luck again with the flower thing”, he commented with a hint of amusement.
“Mom you never mentioned the other were going to be back already from their mission in South America!”, Peter squealed before running into the room. The sound of greeting voices soon followed with a few purrs here and there. Harley, just like his brother, followed suit and excitedly walked into the room.
Yeah, exactly this, the soft bed and the warm, cuddly company, just screamed at him to go back to sleep.
And what, did he already arrive? Can’t even rely on your own programmed A.I. apparently, a shame really, how technology has messed up on evolving.
“Yes!”, the pup exclaimed completely ignoring the groan coming from his brother. “So you know the death star? Ned and I actually wanted to try build a real one, well, not the same size and with a less deadly function but-”
Tony, after ten minutes of trying to coax Peter down, gave up eventually and tugged at Steve’s T-shirt to get his attention. “Steve, I’m fed up. Go get Peter down from there.”
“Fucking hell!”, he screamed. “You stupid fucking bitch! No no no NO! DON’T YOU DARE USE THAT BLUE SHELL PEACH!”
The others, still watching the scene delighted, began laughing as soon as Thor swept up the three, awe struck geniuses, with ease. Clint adding a quick ‘Thor 1 - Starks 0’ between laughter. The God just grinned with triumph and even Tony, Harley and Peter, having forgotten the fight prior, were cackling.
The elevator doors soon opened and Steve stepped in, his scent still dripping with despair and only when the doors closed again did the blond realize he wasn’t alone in the small space. The Omega pup was standing beside him, watching the Alpha with an easy smile on his face.
“So Tony”, the Alpha started carefully. “How are you today?”, mentally cringing at his own question, nothing better came to Steve’s mind. Shit, he used up all of his moves already.
Before Peter could open his mouth though the uncomfortable looking man beside him spoke up. “Mr. Hogan Peter really helped me out with something and therefore I owe him a favour in return. He asked me to accompany him to school today, so this is why I’m currently sitting here,” his clear voice finished, authority seeping from him only caused by one sentence.
After a short while more fingers joined the first one until the blond was steadily pumping four of his thick digits in and out of the squealing Omega. He grinned at the sight.
It was kind of nice even. The close contact to Peter, who smelled faintly of Tony and even a small bit of Harley. Family.
Though, he knew he had a ton of work just waiting on him down in his lab, calls to make, people to see and probably, definitely according to the sounds of his rumbling stomach, breakfast to make. Besides, a shower wouldn’t hurt the man concluded, scenting himself as a sigh left his mouth.
Tony stammered awkwardly, eyes searching for the ground and shoulders tensing. “What the hell do you think you’re doing, Steven?”
“Turns out he had rather old fashioned ideas of Omegas and he tried to force me to be a ‘perfect house omega’. I was already pregnant with Peter during that time, which just spurred him on even more until the point he dared to use his Alpha voice to forbid me from entering my lab. Rhodey and Pepper thankfully stepped in and kicked him out right before Peter was born”, Tony sighed tiredly at the memory.
“I will pick something to wear for you tonight and you go shower in the meantime, alright?”, she asked gently.
Even though Tony was savouring the close moment with Peter he still had something else to do and frankly he still had two pups to feed. Which was why he slowly loosened his arms from around his youngest and looked at him with a smile. “Why don’t you go to the kitchen already, I’m just gonna talk to the Alpha brutes over here and you can already pick out the ingredients for dinner”.
Tony watched the handsome Captain peruse the food spread talking occasionally with folks. That thousand watt smile charming all who speak to him. There were those of both gender throwing themselves at Tony. He scoffed at them taking himself and his dirty Martini to the party's private balcony. All of these people and Tony only wants one. Throwing one last wistful glance towards Steven Rogers, he closed the sliding glass door. Letting the curtain fall behind him. The night air was chilly as he looked out over the city skylights.
Steve didn't look at Tony this time, but his voice carried a lighthearted tone. He was grinning softly as He heard Tony's stomach ask the question his mouth didn't get to in time *When's breakfast?*
Tony's eyebrows hitched up in mild surprise. "No shit? Hmm. You know she's going to kill you for telling me that right?
Steve felt Tony sway in his arms and was instantly worried. Tears still streaming down his face, his gaze turned worried. "Tony, sweetheart, are you ok?" Steve asked, concern growing inside him.
Tony chuckled lightly. "Mm." He made the noncommittal sound. "Well, I don't feel as scared.  Just....I don't know Clint. He seems to really enjoy my company. He's real sweet when we go out. Even here at home. To be honest I feel like a damn teenager. It kind of freaks me out. What's worse is. I'm pretty damn sure I'm in love. Do NOT breathe a word of this. I'm holding you to Bro Code." Tony looked serious for a moment.
Tony grinned. "Okay J that's a wrap for now. I need to get ready. Steve and I are going to the movies."
Steve swallowed and opened his mouth to Tony's questing tongue, moaning as still hard cock made contact with Tony's soft skin.
Steve got out at the valet and opened Tony's door. Offering his hand once more. Tony took it more confidently this time. A few people stared but they smiled and nodded.
"I'll make it up to you later Tony. I promise." Steve was laughing as they left into the evening air.
." Tony smiled. More relaxed again. A warmth pooling behind the arc reactor and in his stomach. He felt safe with Steve.
Steve's breathing became harsh and loud as his eyes met Tony's, and what he saw in the chocolate depths shoved him over the edge. His hips snapped forward one last time, yanking on Tony's hair as every muscle in his body clinched and he screamed. "TONY!!!!" A few tears slipped from his eyes as he felt Tony swallow around his length and he shuddered with the intensity of the warm feeling in his chest.
Steve blinked for a moment. "Reckless, wild. Doesn't follow rules to well. But beautiful in their chaos. Does that make sense." Steve scratched the back of his head.
Steve's smile simmered into a soft stare. There was a sensuality about the stare stirring Tony's insides "Yeah...he um. He's about five foot nine..."
"Safe from Thor's transgressions"  Steve said practically making Tony jump. It was too early for this shit. He whirled around. Taking in the sight of Steve Rogers glistening from his recent workout.
"Well. Is there a message you'd like me to give him?" Tony pressed the length of his body closer to Steve's.
"To be honest Cap. I don't know if he likes guys.  He seems straight edge. I don't want to freak him out."
Tony wiped away his own tears grinning like a fool. He leaned up alighting a sweet kiss on Steve's cheek just near the mouth. "We have to try Captain Sexy. We both need fuel. Especially you Darling. So go on" Tony said sweetly patting Steve's chest.
Steve huffed. "Weird? From you?  Your weird must be mystifying to us normal folk. Your far from normal Tony so your idea of weird must be extraordinary."
Tony watched Steve go. The sudden icy grip of emptiness making it hard to breathe. Tony felt ridiculous. He felt like Rose in The Titanic. Felt like he was watching this bright sweet man sink into sadness. "Steve..." He whispered. He felt the cold in his throat. "Don't..." Tony shuffled a little sheepishly on his feet. "Don't...you don't have allergies and your a terrible liar." Tony informed softly. He padded slowly over to Steve. A little timidly. "Don't call me playboy...not anymore. That ended last night. That ended when we first met. You had my body last night. Because you've always had my heart." Tony cleared his throat. The lump was beginning to hurt. "I'm not rushing you...I'm just telling you. Okay?"
"Their so not my usual type that it's scary.  They are sweet, kind, all that jazz. They are older than me. Uhhh lets see. They love the oldies."
Tony gave Steve a slow grin. Tapping the other ear with the ear piece in it he tapped a tiny button. "Jarvis deploy" he winked at his new suitor. "Of course sir." Came his AI's reply. "Not to worry Cap. Our flight out of here is on it's way. You don't mind do you?" Some of Tony's cocky mannerisms returning playfully.
"We're not. I have a picnic planned in the meadow where Angie the florist gets her wildflowers. I want to talk to Tony. Get to know him you know?"
Tony felt wetness on his left cheek. A gentle drop. Tony's eyes fluttered open as he looked into Steve's blue orbs. His brows furrowed in concern. "Baby?" He asked quietly one hand sliding up to gently thumb the wetness away.
"None of your business Tony. At least. Not yet." Answering Tony's unasked question.  He stepped closer to Tony. Tony felt his heart thump faster.
"Tony...it's okay you know. To be nervous and stuff. I don't want to suffocate you. I just want the pleasure of your company. No expectations. I'm not Cap right now. Just Steve Rogers."
It's in these moments Tony feels ridiculous. Feels the wetness gloss over his eyes. Blinking the salt water away. Because what grown man calls their own tears, tears?
Steve saw a flash of...something in Tony's eyes, but he let it go. "Ok, whatever you say." He rose to standing as gracefully as he'd sank to the floor earlier, holding out a hand to Tony and smirking slightly. "Raiding the fridge does sound good. You got any ice cream? I'd like to make a real sundae since I kinda skipped out on making you one."
"Oh wow. Steeeeeven this is so awesome, damn." Tony expressed sheer delight. He chewed his lip slightly feeling a giddy rise up in his chest.
Steve Rogers sat there eating quietly for a moment considering the question. Never mind the jealousy boiling in his gut.
Tony took a step back as the suit came up just above the balcony. Opening up a positioning right behind Tony. He took a step back into. The other man could see it forming around Tony. Tony winked just as the faceplate went up. "Ready Stars and Stripes?"
Steve grinned. "Sounds fair. Just let me bandage this and I'll see what I can do to accommodate you." Steve grabbed the first aide kit, flipped the lid open and dug out the antiseptic and a bandage. He made quick work of it, and before another few minutes had passed, he had Tony bandaged up. Grinning, Steve climbed to his feet and then swept Tony up into his arms, bridal style. "What do you say we go enjoy ourselves?" He asked as he headed for the stairs.
Tony was milling about in his boxers. He turned and grinned at Clint. "Of course your are. It's a part of your charm." Tony disappeared back into his closet to emerge once more with a button down lavender colored shirt and a pair of jeans. He pointed at Clint "Not one word from you. We decided to go casual." Mirth danced in Tony's dark orbs as it pulled a lopsided grin at the right corner of his mouth as he began getting dressed.
Tony shook his head no "Nnnfs'okay. Me ... Nnn either...just...FUCK ME STEVE!" Tony cried out in partial pain and all need. Tony began bucking back hard. Showing Steve he could take it.
Steve opened the door for Tony. Something Tony knew was going to happen. Okay he could handle this. Steve opened the door for Tony to get into the car. Tony could handle that too. Steve held out his hand to help Tony get in the car. Tony felt his heart thud into his brain. His knees feeling a little weak. Okay. Maybe Tony couldn't handle this. But he was going to try. He took Steve's hand and allowed the help into the car. He swallowed thickly.
"Yeah? Good. Because I'm supposed to take him out tonight. I don't want to be late or make him think I stood him up or anything." Steve was staring at Tony's lips.
Clint nodded. "Mums the word man. How do you figure your in love?" Clint asked calmly sitting in one of the plush chairs in the room.
Steve nodded, pupils dilating and mouth going dry. "Oh, Tony. You have no idea how much I want it too...but first, I want you to lick this chocolate off my cock."
Tony's eyes followed the sweet swell of Steve's ass his brain finally realizing he was being spoken too. "Huh? OH! Shower. Right. Umm. Well you can use the one in here. I can just wait. Gotta clean my mess after all and find you some cozies. I can guarantee my pants won't fit but my basket ball shorts will. I also have plenty of shirts. Here. Give me your suit. " Tony asked approaching Steve and holding out his hand for the material. This felt natural to Tony. Taking care of Steve. Like a husband. THE FUCK STARK! His brain reeled.
Tony looked out towards his tower. With a wry grin he shrugged. "Yeah why not, I can become a regular sculpting Picasso. Fuck Sun Tzu's  'Art of War '. Your an artist I hear Cap, whaddya think "
"Steven?!?" Tony craned his neck to see what Steve was doing. He saw one of the sauce bottles near them. "Nnnnnnfuck ! Baby! Thats. Oh my god.." Tony panted hard shoving his back into Steve's hand shivering at the coolness of the liquid Steve used for lube.
"You look so sexy sitting there. I wonder what you'd do if I told you I want a taste of your cock right now? And the only thing standing between me an it is a little bit of fabric. Take it off for me, Tony." Steve was a bit shocked at his sudden dominance, but he tried not to let it show as he waited for Tony to respond.
"Hm. You can be a little cock tease, can't you, Tony?" Steve ground his hips into Tony's, holding back the moan that formed in the back of his throat, determined not to be the first to give in. Then he leaned forward, first licking at the shell of Tony's ear, then blowing on it hotly. "Whipped cream, Chocolate syrup and strawberries, Tony. My own personal Iron Man sundae."
6. To receive, obey, and pass on to the sentry who relieves me all orders from the commanding officer, field officer of the day, officer of the day, and officers and petty officers of the watch.
Tony was ecstatic and ridiculously and hopelessly in love. He, Anthony  Edward Stark was now officially off the market. He heard Steve singing while getting him the shirt and basketball shorts. Tony grabbed a pair of tight jeans and a red Henley. Steve's singing made him chuckle. He thought it was cute. Closing the closet door Tony turned catching himself in his full length mirror. He was smiling back at himself. His eyes caught the wrinkles at his eyes...the laugh lines.
Tony whimpered as Steve pulled out. He didn't want Steve to stop. "Dammit Steve. What. Is this see how red we can make Tony day?"  Tony smirked after hearing Steve's words. He leaned still panting slightly. Licking a small drop of his own cum from the bottom right of Steve's mouth.
"Thought you were looking for the right partner?" Tony could hear his own voice. It was small, timid. But still himself.
Tony's eyebrows hitched up in mild surprise. "No shit? Hmm. You know she's going to kill you for telling me that right?
"Hello Tony." Steve's dulcet baritone brought Tony back to himself.  Steve Rogers slowly approached Tony. Handing him the rose. That was when Tony finally realized "Unchained Melody" was playing softly. "Tony, may I have this dance?"
Tony just nodded. He had a feeling his libido would be tested. He and Steve. Completely alone. What's a Stark to do? Tony licked his lips from earlier's kiss.
"Oh yeah? Required huh. Tony. If I performed mouth to mouth. We would be staying in for the night." Steve smirked triumphantly.
"Yeah actually there is.."  Steve placed one hand upon Tony's hip. The other on his right cheek. His mouth covering Tony's in a soft yet dangerously deep kiss.
Steve bit his bottom lip, eyes fluttering shut as Tony answered. He swallowed hard, trying to control his raging emotions as well as his libido. Tony Stark wanted him. Not just for sex, a one night stand, but for an honest-to-God relationship. And that was a heady drug indeed. Steve slid his left hand up under Tony's chin, his eyes snapping open as he tilted Tony's head up and watching carefully as he ran his lips gently over Tony's.
Tony's body hummed. The apex of energy swirling in his abdomen. The heat of the Captain's mouth was almost too much. Tony's mind was arguing between wonton abandon and the redness of embarrassment wanting to encase his entire body at the idea of how easily he felt himself quickly build towards his release. Tony prided himself in how long he could last. Maybe this was just because of build up? No, this was because the man who stole his heart was finally taking his body.
"I'll make it up to you later Tony. I promise." Steve was laughing as they left into the evening air.
Tony nodded yes squeezing the hand wrapped around his heat. "Mmmhmmm Baby your soooo good. Please. Please don't stop."  Tony felt the twinge of something warm blossom beneath the arc reactor as his heavy muscle throbbed in Steve's hand.
Tony stood there quietly after his speech. There. He said it. Now Steve can get upset, pack everything up and go home before he makes some dire mistake.
"We, sorry..." Tony sped forward. Landing were the Gantry should have worked. He placed Steve down gently and promptly kicked the gantry casing. "Problem Darling, my suit is now officially our cockblock"
Tony's eyes widened as he felt a large warm hand pull his. He clumsily fell onto the blanket and partially into the soldiers firm arms. The hand let go of Tony's and encircled his waste the other supporting Tony's head, damned if he didn't feel like he was in some black and white romance on old TV.
Tony never heard the quiet laugh. He felt the pooling of intense heat in his lower abdomen. His sac tightening almost painfully.
"...9" Steve amended maintaining his sultry stare. Tony chuckled a little. Meeting the taller man's gaze. "Dark thick hair. Chocolate-golden eyes. Cocky attitude...absolutely beautiful. You seen him?"
Steve grinned as he emerged from the cool confines of the fridge, clutching a few bottles in his hands. He shut the door with his foot and held the bottles out to Tony to inspect them.
Tony stepped into the communal living areas heading for the kitchen  just as Steve stepped out from the kitchen quickly allocating whatever was in his hands behind his back.
Tony heard the door behind him slide open. He looked behind him. Swirling the olives casually in his glass and taking a long sip of his Martini, He watched Steve approach. "Hey, checking to see if I've caused any trouble?" Tony's tone was edging on playful yet a touch subdued.
2. To walk my post in a military manner, keeping always on the alert, and observing everything that takes place within sight or hearing.
Tony felt the gentle wet slap of skin on skin as his dick hit his belly. Then felt the chily draft of the lack if Steve's mouth. "Steve?" He moaned pleadingly, eyes slowly opening to find why the wonderful feeling had stopped. "Nnngh. What, is it National Cockblock Day?"
"Oh yeah? Describe him. Maybe I could help you out?" Tony slowly wrapped his arms loosely around the Captain's neck. Mirth dancing in his chocolate orbs.
Steve nodded, pulling his hips back, then pushing forward. He could feel Tony loosening, a little at a time, and he started to go a little faster, stroking Tony a little harder, determined to make Tony cum first.
"Yanno. Back in the day when two people who fancied one another had to be proper. The exchange of flowers was a whole nother lingo and an excuse to touch one another. Kinda sweet huh?" Clint informed smiling happily.
Tony stopped scrolling on his tablet. "It's not a her Steve. Why do you think I've been playing the pronoun game huh?"
Tony rested his head back as Jarvis began prying off the prototype. First leg and arm was success. The right leg was proving difficult.
Steve ducked his head. (Natasha counted at least twenty of these a day. He was on number fourteen). "Naw. Not fancy. I just like mixing it up for Tony."
Clint Barton grinned at his friend. Watching the normally composed Tony Stark trying on so many shirts and ties.
Tony chuckled. Still in Steve's embrace. "Baby. What do you think the tabloids would do with Tony Stark kissing on Captain America? I refuse to hide. Unless you want us too?" Tony cringed a little. He said the couply pronoun.
Just like Steve promised. A small cliff with two trees twisted naturally together forming one large tree. Soft green grass and a big romantic moon.
Steve shivered almost imperceptibly and took in the erotic sight of Tony obeying his order. It made his mouth dry as the Sahara, and he swallowed gently a few times until his tongue didn't feel like sandpaper. Then, keeping his eyes locked on Tony's, he put his hands on the cabinet on either side of Tony's thighs, then bent down and licked the pre-cum from the head of Tony's cock.
"Thanks Nat."  Steve headed for his room to get ready after placing the flowers in water. It was going to be a wonderful evening.
"Tony, I want you. More than anything. Hell I want everything you just said, but right now I'm dying to bury myself inside you. However, I don't think this is the right time or place. So, how can we get out of here without having to go back in there?" Steve jerked his head toward the sliding glass doors, hoping that, like always, Tony would come up with the perfect escape plan.
"Hmmmmm yeah no, not gonna go there. JARVIS why is being good so hard? Wait, don't answer that.  Tony slowly meandered out of bed and found his black sweat pants and grey tank top. Barefoot he padded down to the kitchen. Tony's eyes widened at the scene. The stove had cleave marks in it. Popcorn kernels were as far as the eye could see. Natasha sported a broom as Clint helped with the trash can.
Tony pouted, "Oh we're back to that are we?" Tony felt oddly offended. Steve only called him Stark when they argued. We're they getting ready to? An anxious gnawing replaced the gentle warmth in his stomach.
"J, I'm kind of scared." He scowled at the diagnostic. Damn Chitauri really did a number on his suit. Space didn't help either.
Jarvis your safety measures are commendable. One problem. WHY IS THE FUCKING SUIT STILL ON!!! If no muscle damage is apparent especially surface damage to the groin and reactor area rip it the fuck off!!"
Tony felt the hard buck against the back of his throat. The tears releasing the predator. Tony saw his sweet Captain once more. Eyes fluttering shut his own tears spilling over. He felt the explosion of pleasure in the back of his throat. Tony moaned hard. His own body bucking as it throbbed hard. Splattering Steve's legs and feet and Tony's belly and thighs. He swallowed greedily and obediently. The small beads of perspiration dotting his naked form. Tony finally loosened his arms from their hold position his right hand wrapping around the base of Steve. Milking him gently. Suckling the excess from thr shaft.  Tony was unaware that his tears flowed still. Gently releasing Steve's groin from his mouth. He nuzzled Steve's thigh.
"Goodnight Tony". Steve stared at the door for a few minutes after Tony entered his suite. Leaving silently for his own room.
"Oh yeah? Describe him. Maybe I could help you out?" Tony slowly wrapped his arms loosely around the Captain's neck. Mirth dancing in his chocolate orbs.
Steve's eyebrow rose a fraction of an inch higher. He felt his cheeks heat a little, suddenly a bit uncomfortable with where this conversation was going. But since he'd started it, he was determined to see it through to the end. "Well, babe, if you're offering..." Steve reached out and grabbed Tony's hips, yanking Tony hard up against him. "I'd love a piece of this pie."
Tony nodded. He looked towards his door. "Here goes nothing..." Resolutely Tony made it out of the Penthouse suite door. He even made it down the stairs. He watched Natasha point as Steve slowly turned around. His eyes sparkled brightly. Soft around the edges. A bright smile finished the sweet expression. "Wow...you sure are easy on the eyes." Steve mentioned almost quietly. Tony flushed red almost immediately. He fidgeted with the bottom hem of his suit coat. "Thanks Cap. Your fine yourself." Tony managed before clearing his throat. Steve ducked his head (again) "Golly. Thanks Tony. Oh! These are for you." Steve held out the bouquet. Tony was happy to focus on something. The bouquet warmed his heart. He remembered that rose from the roof and he appreciated the jewel tones of the smaller flowers surrounding the rose. He took bouquet. Their fingers brushed simultaneously making Tony's breath hitch. Was this his life?  Steve took a deep breath feeling Tony's fingers caress his own as he took the flowers.
Tony snuggled into Steve and God if this didn't feel crazy and so right. He smirked up at Steve "DUM-E is not. I repeat not allowed out of the lab. Unless you want your food A La Fire Extinguisher. Trust me on this one. Hmmm Tony Stark at the Grocery Store. The tabloids will love this. Sure. Why not. Are you talking about Starbucks or Cafe on Broadway?" Tony reveled in the warmth pooling in his belly trying to steady his heartbeats. This was all so surreal for the reported playboy.
Tony only had three glasses of wine. They danced most of the time. Any old fashioned excuse to hold one another. There was smiles and hand holding. It was too loud. So they could not talk much until their dinner appeared. Which they took out on the quaint patio of the place. The food was delicious and Tony made Steve laugh telling him stories of his youth. The good ones. Steve returned the favor.
"Yep. Complimented him too." Tony walked to his bar pouring a small glass of  Glendronach on the rocks.
Tony checked his shirt and pants in the mirror. Once satisfied he turned to look at Clint. "I thought if he asked to marry me tonight what would I say. I didn't hesitate in my mind when I answered myself back with a yes. Weird huh?"
Tower? And since when did you become a fucking prophet? Your a Capsicle not a prophet." Tony informed slightly playful, slightly worried.
The 5 Times Tony Stark Asked Captain America for Dating Advice & The One Time The Steve Rogers Showed Him.
Tony let out an agitated breath. "They are worth it Steve. Just. Maybe I don't want to burden them okay?"
Natasha, Bruce and Clint stood in the communal living room. Natasha looked at Clint and Bruce. "You both owe me a hundred. I just knew Cap wasn't a Prude. He is proper. There is a difference.
Tony raised a brow. Clearly interested. "Oh. Hey I have heard of that place. It's gay friendly huh?"
Tony gave a quiet hum of happiness. "As you wish sir." He breathed out in erotic sincerity. Gracefully straightening himself back up. Tony leaned in once more. Nuzzling at Steve's inner thighs. The top of his hair gently caressing the heavy sac resting there. Tony's mouth reconnecting with his Captain's flesh. Moving up a touch more. Tony bit and suckled the muscular hips of the man before him moving his cheek softly to caress the sensitive shaft.
Steve pulled the vehicle to the side of the road. Thankfully there were just trees. Tony wrenched himself out of the seat to the side of the car. A dizziness overtook him. Oh god. What if he puked?
Steve was what he saw first. In a pair of black slacks. A casual light blue button down. One hand in his pocket. The other holding a red rose. Edges dipped in gold.  The soft lighting provided by the mystical company of candles placed everywhere. Tony couldn't breathe.
Tony looked around. The yellow neon sign scrolled in cursive Yakity Sax. It had two plush ficus's at the entrance. People milled about. They all looked classy.
Steve turned and smiled at the small bouquet.  "That's real swell. Thank you so much. I see a fire and ice rose but what are the others?" Steve inspected the bouquet more closely.
"Shut up Steven" Tony's red deepened. The color now skating lightly over his nose. "I mean. I don't mind. This is probably the most sensual thing I've ever seen. Well. Shit. What I'm trying to say at the moment is. You wear predatory like a fine suit.  Tony blew out a breath. It was forced and heavy as he squirmed slightly on top of the counter.
Steve nodded. He debated rather or not to hold Tony's hand in the car and figured it was to early for that yet. "It's nice there. People don't really bother you."
Tony thought he was breathing. Until Steve's mouth met his aching heat. The panting began softly in a staccato rhythm. His right hand swinging back to support his suddenly weakened vertical state. Sitting or no. Tony had to admit to his swooning issue.  His left hand moving into the other mans blonde locks. He couldn't speak. His gasps and moans wouldn't allow it. His hips developed a mind of their own as they began to slightly buck forward.
Tony shook his head no. His own smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth. A sensual gaze staring back at the Captain. "Mmmmnope. But. I dunno if I can walk Cap. Between you and this cut here. You may have to carry me to the Penthouse bridal style Baby."
he put his phone away. "Jeezus dude. You messed up your hair. "Clint mentioned casually with a smirk.
Natasha smiled warmly. "So what movie are you two going to go see?"  She asked taking a sip of her tea.
"Steve ...wha...nnngh." Tony did moan. His head automatically stretching back loving the feel of Steve's mouth on his flesh. His mind swam in the depths of lust that the good Captain was creating. The spark of heat between his legs was almost unbearable. "Mmmm make sure your a good boy Steve and eat it all up." Tony growled hotly his hips undulated forward meeting Steve's rhythm.
"Ha! More than likely. Yes my dear I will give you that but this time was aaaaall you Sweet Cheeks." Tony's laugh morphed into a sweet playful chuckle. "But yeah. I agree. Separate showers...do I have big enough showers ...pffft" Tony leaned up kissing Steve sweetly in the lips mumbling into the kiss .
Tony nodded to nothing. "Do it Jarvis. Just don't break me understood?" The emergency gantry whirred to life fully. It sounded positively monstrous.
Steve grinned, a full on showing of his pearly whites. "No way. I was kind of hoping I'd have Iron Man give me a lift home someday. You know, bridal style. Can you do that for me Tony?"
Tony stood on the last step staring at the rooftop door. He took a few deep breaths not knowing what to expect. Looking at his own hand as it clasped around the doorknob it saw it shaking but willed it to stop.
Tony's eyes widened. He didn't expect such a reaction. Steve was beautiful always beautiful. But right now he was positively luminous. Tony found himself cupping the mans face thumbing at the tears. Kissing that lovely full mouth. "Oh Steven..." Tony whispered through a sincere smile. Unaware of his own tears. Feeling like he just jumped into a classic black and white love story. He held Steve's face not only because he needed the love of his life that close but he felt himself swoon. Felt just on this side of dizzy.
Tony slinked out of the bathroom looking disgruntled at Clint. His new hairstyle the same he had originally.
Tony's eyes popped open in a sudden flush of crimson. The ministrations stirred the echoes  of pleasure from earlier on the balcony. He willed his eyes to stay open watching the erotic spectacle. Flashes of Steve as a vampire for Halloween flashed behind Tony's pupils. Steve has the strength to pull it off but...another gentle laving of Steve's tongue stopped Tony's thoughts releasing a slight throaty whimper as He brought his hand through Steve's hair once more. Tangible sunshine. "MmmmmSteve."
"Shit, sorry." Tony dismissed his stomach in favor of changing the subject. "Cap. Weirdest question in the world. You ready?"
Once in the lab a skeleton of what Tony had outside was erected. Tony climbed into it. "Now sir stay still. This is delicate." Jarvis said over the speakers in the lab. This time Steve could hear and now watch as giant-like metal arms took a hold of each of Tony's limbs. The entire spectacle looking rather dire. Unless you were Tony of course.
"No sir. About face." Steve chuckled turning Tony towards the exit. Tony whined. "You wound me. You really do Rogers."
"Asshat. Oh. I asked him by the way. He likes guys."  Steve remained silent. He placed Tony gently down in front of his suite door.
"Well, um. You blush at practically everything, and..and" Tony looked up at the ceiling trying to escape the heat of usually cool blue eyes. "Uuuhhhhh your just. You. And. Im me. Yeah" Tony stammered ridiculously.
"J, inspect the torque on the spine and reconfigure the optical cluster." Tony asked as he brought up the Mark VII.
"Yeah and I just woke up. Meaning. Its too early." Tony stated walking past Clint and Natasha. "JARVIS. Coffee."  The coffee began perking. " I have a broom?" Tony asked looking a little surprised.  Natasha stopped sweeping for a moment. Long enough to glare in silent threat.  "Sorrrrrry. Jeez. Its just that I have Roomba's for this shit." Tony exited the kitchen heading for the couch. Thinking it wise. Steve shook his head. He followed Tony to the couch.
Tony wiped his hands on his shop rag and headed for the elevator his stomach growled. A quick bite to eat. Then a shower was in order.
It was movie night. The Avengers settled on the Indiana Jones Trilogy with the promise from Steve Rogers that he wouldn't try to interrupt the movies with historical facts. They learned this during "The Sound of Music".
Steve leaned his elbows onto his thighs looking at Tony with that Steve Rogers concern that could melt Dr. Doom's heart.  Provided the villain had a heart to begin with.
Tony bit his lip coyly a pleading arch of his brow silently begged Steve to take him right then and there, but Tony wanted to taste the man he has wanted for so long. This delicious man offering himself to be devoured. Tony's eyes flickered down. Watching the two muscles throb and dance against and with each other was thrilling Tony to the core. It also made his mouth suddenly water at an alarming rate. He licked his lips then looked up into Steven's Cerulean Blue's. "What ever the Captain wishes...is my command."
A timid Bruce Banner suddenly stepped forward confusion written all over his face. “Uhm, you mind explaining why the room looks like I hulked out in here?”.
“Kiddos, as much as I love cuddling with both of you all day long, I have to admit my stomach loves food a damn lot too,” Tony broke the calm silence, ruffling the hair of both his kids in the process, a smile plastered on his face. “I’m thinking pancakes, that alright?”
Just like this Tony was coming, spent cock shooting out one last bit of white cum while the man moaned into the sheets, mind going blank from pure pleasure.
Tony sighed another time and slowly retraced his fists from his face, blinking slowly at the bright light in the room one again and glancing at the perplexed Alpha peeking over his shoulder. “It’s nothing”, he answered finally, voice quiet and still rough from the night prior.
Every cell in his body was telling him to submit, submit to the snarling blond Alpha standing only a mere feet away from him. His strong pheromones hit Tony like a truck, telling his Omega instincts to present himself, bare his neck and offer himself up for mating.
But Peter was different. Not because he was an Omega or shit like that, Tony clearly didn’t believe in such prejudices, but because he’s always been struggling more than his brother. He was diagnosed with anxiety and ADHD when he was merely seven years old, so the older Omega was constantly keeping an eye on his pup.
When reaching the entrance of the lab Steve followed Peter’s instructions closely, taking out the small sheet of paper he scribbled the numbers onto right after the pup vanished from his sight.
The Omega was rethinking his life choices all while he could feel cum fill him up and the occasional trusts of the purring Alpha behind him. God, what did his life turn out to be.
Yeah, nope, not happening, not thinking about it. His pups were still young, plenty of time before issues like mating would appear...well, two years in Harley’s case and yep. Not helping, the Omega was panicking once again innerly.
Only then did he take notice of the unfamiliar dominating Alpha scent in the air, way to potent to belong to any Alpha student in the room and his eyes trailed on the blond figure awkwardly sitting behind the young Omega boy.
The pup was still looking at the screen in utter concentration, poking his tongue out in the corner of his mouth and grasping the controller tighter and not sparing a glance at the Avenger in the room.
Hadn’t Tony known what caused this, he’d probably be laughing, claiming he’d missed the biggest pillow fight in existence. Tough luck, he thought.
“Happy? Yes, uh, could you please come and pick us up? No no Peter’s fine but something happened and it’d be best to leave school for now.”
Besides all that he was a known superhero, a professional at kicking ass and a billionaire, thus making him more wealthy than the Alphas who dared to date him in the past.
Tony truly couldn’t ask for more wonderful pups than the universe blessed him with. He was thankful, so thankful, that despite everything he was able to start such marvellous family.
Of course his mother looked beautiful. Always, no matter what he wore, the pup thought immediately. And, yes, Harley would do anything to see his Omega parent happy, anything to see his mother smile. Like he tried to do the past years.
Yeah, waking up in a warm bed beside the Omega felt much better than waking up with throbbing pain warning him of having lost his Omega.
You could see the wheels turning inside the archer’s head before a look of confusion crossed his face. “You mean...Star Wars?”, he asked carefully and seriously questioning the boys movie education.
Tony whined at the pheromones fogging his mind out of the blue. The trusting pressure at his ass grew as did his own arousal, wetness instantly leaking from his hole just adding to the heating scent in the air. The small kisses and few bites at his neck brought the Omega to pure bliss, teasing his mind and making him imagine how a real bite would feel. A mating bite from Steve, his Alpha.
Tony’s eyes followed Steve’s every movement. Somewhat getting even darker when the man in front of him presented his muscular, toned and most importantly, naked torso. The Omega wanted to cry out in pure bliss.
Steve gasped loudly. “I wouldn’t ‘offer myself up’, it’s not like that,” he said. “Uhm- can I be bold?”
In reality, though, it wasn’t that much time after all and Steve was innerly panicking the whole time.
His hands found the man’s skin once again, stroking along his stomach before reaching around his body to grasp his ass. Separating the two cheeks, Steve’s fingers wasted no time, one sinking into the hot, wet heat.
The blond smiled openly at the sight in front of him, the smart Omega working on something Steve had no clue about, god, he was so bright and it made his inner instincts preen proudly.
Thor only scratched his head at the sight and shrugged his shoulder. Well, there was always another day to continue the thrilling fight against the head Alpha of the team. But the god surely did not want to disturb the pair at the moment, aware how treasured a bond like that was.
While the two were still caught up in their small, but sweet moment, a sudden tud could be heard from above them, followed by a familiar chatter. The kid.
Tony smiled at his rambling pup, never tired of the easily amazed nature of his boy who even managed to rope Harley, Bruce and Thor into the discussion of the benefits of a death star and the scientific needs for it.
“Sir, for your information, I announced the arrival to the Captain’s floor four times in a distance of thirty seconds, to which you have not responded repetitiously.”
Finally half an hour later, after getting out of the nest, which was quite the act, no thanks to a certain young Omega pup clinging to the scent ridden sheets of his family begging for ‘just five more minutes’, the three of them reached the entrance to the big kitchen of the Avengers tower.
He grasped the Omega’s thick hips and  rubbed his thickened Alpha cock against the wet hole, the loud squelching sound reaching his ears. His price was so close, the hot, tasty heat of Tony, his hole, being so close to being claimed.
The Omega was emitting an unwilling scent of want and pride, pride at seeing an Alpha like Steve Rogers offer him an unmistakable courting gift. A gift every Omega would kill for, Tony was sure. Though, he was still capable of using his brain, not influenced by his second gender and Tony was deeply aware that the perfect Alpha in front of him couldn’t want him. Not seriously, not ever. He didn’t deserve Steve, no matter what happened between them already.
