“That’s no way to talk to your father,” Joseph remarked.
“I do.”
“Yeah. Sure,” Tony nodded.
“Not… many,” Tony admitted. “Still. It’s possible.”
“You’re beautiful,” he breathed. “So fucking beautiful. Can’t believe I get you.”
“What do you have today?” Tony asked.
“Well, it kinda is,” Daniel shrugged. “If you weren’t such a huge troll, then we might’ve believed you earlier.”
Tony leaned forward, carefully removing the necklace from the box, Ellie’s eyes following the necklace the entire time, before unclipping the clasp and putting the necklace around her neck.
But in his heart, Steve knew it wasn’t.
Hogan gave a reluctant chuckle, confirming her suspicion that the tough exterior was just an act.
“I’ll save you as often as necessary,” Tony promised.
“Yeah, I noticed,” Tony sighed. “Whoever’s working on them, they’re good. Like, me good. This isn’t some kid messing around in their dad’s garage or Justin Hammer. This is someone who knows what they’re doing.”
“You have nothing to apologise for,” Tony assured him. “Not a damn thing.”
“Hi JARVIS,” Steve grinned.
“I was hoping for lightning powers as compensation for staring at that soul patch for a month. Move people! Shower. Now.”
“No,” Steve shook his head. “Honestly? I’d rather just forget about it.”
“What?” Steve exclaimed.
persona he turned on around the patients, Clint decided. It lulled you into a false sense of security and disguised the asshole underneath.
“What do you want?”
“Drawing,” Steve replied immediately. “Even if I am a perfectionist. And twice a week Peggy and I go to martial arts classes. I don’t find the gym motivating, but being attacked by Peggy would motivate anyone!”
“Smooth.”
It helped that of all the insults that Tony had hurled at him on the helicarrier, not one of them had been about how an omega couldn’t be Captain America or that he refused to take orders from an omega.
“Excuse me.”
“You’re such an asshole and I love you,” he declared.
“Do you want the stool?” Steve offered.
routine, call ‘em ma’am and you get in anywhere.”
“Thanks but, uh, no thanks,” Steve replied, pulling off his scrubs. “I’ve told you before: I’m married.”
“Is he okay?” he asked Natasha.
Steve jerked awake, squinting as he tried to figure out where the noise was coming from. Then he remembered he was at the Tower, and reached for Tony only to find the other side of the bed empty.
“Well, I was. I mean. That was the plan,” Tony agreed, staring out towards the horizon. “And I was, uh, somewhere around San Francisco when I realised that the last time I was around other mers I was five. I’ve spent most of my life around humans. I know their customs and their habits better than my own species’. I could be human if it wasn’t for…”
Instead, Steve found himself staring into a fishing tackle box. He reached down, picking up the largest hook and lifting it to his eye level. A shiver ran down his spine as he stared at the barbed hook. In his mind, he saw it digging into red and gold flecked blue scales, blood erupting around it.
“I was three years younger than everyone else. What do you think?”
“Especially with Lilly’s asthma.”
“Okay,” Tony interrupted, desperate to avoid seeing her cry. He hated seeing anyone cry.
He pulled out his phone and hit speed dial.
He tried to power through, focusing his energy on Ellie and her needs instead of the ache that permeated his body, but eventually he admitted defeat and asked JARVIS to ask Tony to come downstairs.
When he tried the door, it rattled against the doorframe. Locked. However, Steve grew up in an apartment which had the exact same doorknobs and he knew how to tweak them to make them unlock without a key.
The water grew calm, and a body floated towards the surface, red still seeping out from it.
“One day, you’re going to see what the rest of us see when we look at you,” Arnie said suddenly. “Steve. I’ve known you since we were kids. Let yourself be happy.”
“You’re not?” Tony looked at him hopefully.
The smile took over Tony’s face without him realising, spreading out across his features until a sound somewhere between a laugh and a sob forced its way from his throat. He nodded furiously until he was able to find his voice again.
“It’s my body,” Steve joked.
Steve closed his bedroom door and bit his lip.
“Good man.” Bucky raised his fist for Steve to bump. “I went to see ‘em play the Phillies in May of ’41 at Ebbets Field. Kicked their asses!”
“To be blunt, because I’m not sure I can trust them,” Tony replied. “My CFO has been running the company since my parents died and I’ve started to suspect that he isn’t putting the best interests of the company first. I have health problems that prevent me from running the company myself. Which is why I’ve decided I’d like my good friend, Steve, to take over. I want to put my shares in both our names to give us joint ownership of the company, and make Steve CEO. I trust Steve will do what is best for the company my father built from nothing. And what is best for the employees of that company.” Tony glanced at him, something soft and unreadable in his eyes. “He’s a good man. He can do what I can’t.”
“Wow. I feel like this is a victory,” Tony teased, squeezing Steve’s hand to show he didn’t mean it.
“Hey. Hey, I’ve got you. You’re okay,” Steve whispered. He wrapped his arms around Tony, weaving a hand into his hair. “You’re okay.”
“You are beautiful,” Tony declared, stopping outside a cage which held a huge, fluffy white monstrosity. He was the most perfect thing Tony had ever seen. “Truly. You are. Beautiful.”
“So, what? I don’t count?” Steve asked roughly, and he felt his own eyes getting wet.
“Thank you,” he chuckled.
“Tony,” he rasped. “‘m ready. Baby, please, come on.”
“Might help you relax.”
“A father can’t call his son and catch up?”
“Huh? Oh, yeah, I got stabbed-slash-shot by a Dreadnought,” Tony replied.
Clint pointed to Matt. “Meet Daredevil.”
A few minutes later, Natasha and Tony joined them on the dance floor, dragging a reluctant Bruce between them. Angie squealed in delight, abandoning Steve in favour of dancing with Bruce and Natasha. Not that Steve minded, since it meant that Tony was free to slide up next to him, pulling Steve in by the waist.
There was a round of applause and the faces of the investors looked much happier than they did at the beginning of the event. Steve could tell that they were no longer seeing Tony Stark’s boyfriend when they looked at him.
“Seriously? Okay, wow. Ignoring that… very distracting image, it’s
“Okay, Tony, first off,” Steve began, covering Tony’s hands with his own, “We don’t have a bath.”
He scrolled through the usual list of notifications on his phone as he walked, scratching idly at his hip, ignoring the notifications from Candy Crush, Make-a-Match, and Flappy Bird in favour of scrolling through Instagram. He double-tapped Daniel’s photo of the girls sprawled across the couch, adding a row of heart-eye emojis to the comments while flicking the kettle on with his other hand.
“No, it’s the same as last time,” Joseph replied, leaning forward and peering at Steve’s phone screen, watching him complete the transfer.
Stane gave a final, shark-like smile, then Steve and Sharon turned towards the door and walked away as quickly as they could without raising suspicions. They forewent the elevators in favour of the stairs, Sharon’s heels clacking on the glass steps as they hurried towards the ground floor.
Tony grimaced. “There’s an image.”
Natasha’s heart sank.
“You only help the people who agree with you,” Steve pointed out with a humourless smile. “If they’re lucky, the ones who disagree get nothing. And if they’re not lucky, you kill them.”
“Uh, yeah. How did you know?”
“You first saw Luchino Nefaria on August 16th 2014 and then you didn’t see him again until April 13th, is that correct?”
They sat in silence, watching Ellie lead Tony around the garden of the nursing home, pointing out everything of interest, which ranged from a bumblebee that Tony had to talk her out of chasing, to a garbage can and the home’s resident tabby cat.
“So we survived our first fight,” Tony murmured, running his hand down Steve’s spine. Steve shivered, barely resisting the urge to arch into the touch like a cat. Tony grinned, as though he knew what Steve was thinking.
There was something comforting about seeing the imprints of humans long gone; no matter who you were, there was a part of you, of what you made, of who you were that left its mark upon the world.
Once he was fully seated, Steve took a moment to adjust. Tony’s hands were everywhere, littering soft kisses across his skin. Steve shivered and let his own hands roam, as they took a moment to rediscover each other.
That didn’t stop him from trying.
“He works here now. First night.”
“No,” Tony sighed. “But I’m better than I was.” Tony shifted onto his side, looking down at Steve. Steve let himself sink into the pillows, enjoying the feeling of Tony looming over him. He loved the way Tony made him feel small and protected at times. He wondered sometimes what it would’ve been like if he’d known Tony when he really was small and skinny. Maybe then, Steve wouldn’t have hated it as much. “Did I ever thank you for sticking by me through rehab and all that shit? Because I’m pretty sure you deserve a medal.”
“Rule number one, don’t insult your kidnappers,” he declared.
“Oh. Right. Cool.”
“Her skull is separated from her spinal column,” Stark murmured. “I can see them moving separately with each breath she takes. Shit. The only thing holding her skull in place is the neck muscles. The good news is she still has motor control in her extremities so the spinal cord isn’t severed. I’m going to sedate her and then we can get her out of here. I need you to call the hospital, have Danvers on standby. The minute we get back, she’s going straight into OR.”
He was doing this for Bobbi, he reminded himself, and smacked the button to call the elevator. He already felt like he needed to have a shower.
“I don’t think we need to stand on ceremony,” he said with a wry smile. “Is there any coffee?”
“I hate you all,” Tony declared. “Do you think we should be worried about Matt?” he asked, nodding across the table at Matt and Bucky, who were yet to surface for air. “I mean, Bucky’s got an increased lung capacity that Matt just can’t match. How are we going to explain it to 911? He passed out after making out with Captain America?”
“Foster home.”
“You love us really.”
And it was getting on Steve’s last nerve, but he bit back his frustration. It wasn’t his students’ fault that he was hungover.
“We’ll stick with Mr Stark for now, but how about we try to work up to Tony, huh?”
He settled Ellie in his lap and guided her fingers towards the wrapping paper, helping her tear it away. She seemed more interested in the wrapping paper and the fact that she could tear it to her heart’s content than the box inside.
Tony looked apologetic as he looked down at him. “I can’t. I’m helping people. As much as I hate a lot of what comes with it, I help people by being there. I can’t just… stop.”
“Gotta be more than that. At least twenty.”
Steve printed out copies of the PDFs, hiding them in his bedroom before returning to his laptop. Glancing at Rhodey and Sharon, he felt a burst of guilt before deleting that file forever.
As the sun slipped below the horizon, his phone buzzed in his pocket. Pulling it out, Steve smiled automatically when he found a message from Tony.
Grabbing his empty mug, he made his way along the corridors, ignoring the stares coming from any stragglers who hadn’t made it downstairs to the cafeteria yet. A place where Steve would not be revisiting for quite some time after he went down for lunch on Monday and a reverent hush fell over the room. It creeped him out enough that for once he didn’t hesitate to go grocery shopping on the way home from work, so he could avoid the cafeteria for the rest of the week.
, Steve thought bitterly. He glanced around, relieved to find no trace of his paparazzi followers, then crossed the cafe to his table.
Tony burst out laughing.
“Tony!” she cried.
Thank you to everyone who commented, left kudos, and read this fic. A special shoutout has to go to those readers who commented on every single chapter - thank you all so much! ❤️
“Too late,” Steve lied. “My best friend’s a journalist for the New York Times. James Barnes. Look him up. I told him everything. You’re too late. You lost.”
, emphasis on might - be,” he explained. “It’s a pretty rough part of town though. Don’t suppose there’s any chance of me convincing you not to come with me?”
Grabbing the towel, he dried himself off as best he could, scrubbing it over his hair. When he dropped the towel, he found Tony staring at him, his expression unreadable.
“Hey, I’m sorry I’m late,” Steve apologised.
“I can’t.”
Tony hummed. “There is a filtration system.”
And just like that, Daniel stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Steve. Steve buried his face in Daniel’s neck and allowed himself to cry in his best friend’s arms.
“Of course I do,” Tony replied.
“I’m guessing going big involves a press conference?” Steve said, shovelling a handful of peas onto a plastic plate for Ellie to play with.
Tony picked up Steve’s hand, squeezing it gently, rubbing Steve’s knuckles with his thumb. His eyes began to twinkle with mischief.
“Tony,” he said. “I’d say it’s nice to meet you, but I’m not sure if it is yet.”
“Really?” Steve blinked.
“Yes,” Hank smiled. “But to the ER or into Rogers’ pants? And before you try to deny that workplace flings happen around here all the time,” he continued, “Remember that is how I met my wife. If Stark puts one toe out of line, if there is one hint of that mess from Mass General, he is gone. Understood?”
“It’s a workshop,” Tony realised. “And uh, that looks familiar.”
Matt snorted into his coffee. Bucky pretended to glare at him, but the corners of his mouth continued to twitch upwards, until he leaned forward and hid his face in Matt’s hair, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. Steve smiled to himself.
“You’re being very wise.”
Tony stared at him.
Steve was so intoxicated by Tony’s words, he almost didn’t notice Tony pushing a second finger into him. As Tony scissored his fingers, Steve gripped Tony’s hair and admitted to himself that, okay, yeah, he loved this too. He loved watching Tony’s pupils get blown wide, loved hearing his breath hitch, loved everything which showed Tony was just as affected as Steve himself was.
“Nobody told me,” Steve replied. “I figured it out. You are Tony Stark, right?”
Ellie’s face scrunched up then she blinked at him slowly, her blue eyes still loudly with sleep.
“What’s up, gorgeous?” Tony asked, pulling off his sunglasses and dropping them into his jacket pocket. Ellie reached for his hand and Tony gave it to her instantly. Ellie turned with a determined look on his face and pulled Tony off across the grass. “Apparently we’re going this way,” Tony called over his shoulder. “Okay, beautiful, where are we going?”
“Did I break you?” Tony teased, but Steve could see the hesitance in his eyes. Remembering Tony’s nerves about removing his shirt while sexting, Steve surged upwards, sealing their mouths together in a hungry kiss.
“Jerk,” Steve retorted, but he let Bucky drag him into the elevator, feeling some of the weight lift from his shoulders.
“Wait, seriously? Cool.”
Off. He felt off.
“Weird,” Steve frowned. “We got this grant apparently. From that Dream Master Inc.”
“You hungry? We can raid the vending machines while we wait if you want? Or there’s a food truck in the parking lot. Luis does the best tamales in the city.”
“Love you, honey,” Tony grinned.
“Sorry,” Banner apologised. “Hey Nat, how long until the bread is ready?”
“Yeah?” he said hoarsely.
The foreman of the jury stood and a hush of anticipation filled the room. Steve’s eyes flickered towards Nefaria, and for the first time, he thought he saw a flicker of doubt in his eyes. And if Nefaria was worried, that had to be a good sign, right?
“Nicholas Joseph Fury.”
“Yes, you should. I want you to promise to always wake me when you need me.”
“That’s what I said.”
He had a tail.
“Female, thirty six years old,” the paramedic reported. “Laceration to the right cheek. She’s delusional with auditory hallucinations.”
Hank frowned. “Your lipstick’s smudged.” Surprising, with his usually so fastidious daughter.
Tony chuckled. “I love that kid."
He threw himself at Stane, but Stane twisted out of the way, grabbing Steve by the hair. He yanked Steve’s head back while punching his fist into his gut. Steve gasped, falling to the ground again, narrowly avoiding slamming his face into the floor.
He pulled back, then let his hips snap forward, driving into Steve again and again until he was a squirming, groaning mess beneath Tony, his vocabulary reduced to
Several long minutes later, he heard a faint call of, “Tony?”
“I have an IQ of one hundred and forty seven,” he revealed in a rush. He shrugged. “It's easier for me to pick up subjects I don’t know about, so when the kids have homework problems, I help them out. It’s easy for me.”
Steve straightened, wiping his mouth with the towel, before turning to look at Tony curiously. And just like that, Tony’s nerves disappeared and he wondered with a smile why the hell he’d waited so long.
“You… You picked your handcuffs?” Tony echoed slowly. His brain was currently short-circuiting as images far too distracting and entirely inappropriate for their current circumstances flashed across his mind.
Steve found himself smiling despite everything.
“I don’t think you want to play that game, Alexander,” Steve warned. “I never reported you for locking me in that closet out of some kind of misguided loyalty because of what we had. But that is long gone and if you go after Tony, I won’t hold back.”
“Best orgasm ever,” he replied slowly, his voice ragged.
“No, ’s okay,” Steve mumbled. “What is it?”
“A lump?” he frowned, professionalism taking over. “Where?”
As Steve reached for the door, it swung open and Scott almost walked straight into him.
A sudden influx of traffic. It didn’t take a genius to work out what caused that.
“Ouch.”
Tony shook his head. “No, I wanna show you off.”
“Good.” Tony swam forward. “Although, I swear to God, Steven, if you cooked that fish, I will-”
“No, he did not,” Bruce said.
Clint stared at the mess of wires and technology that - Tony winced - really was held together by duct tape, his forehead set in a frown. Tony was ready to give up, but then Clint opened his mouth.
“Good afternoon,” the Principal began, stepping up to the podium and drawing every eye in the room - except for the shop teacher in the third row, who was snoring quietly against his neighbour’s shoulder - including, to Steve’s relief, the blonde woman. “Thank you all for coming, I promise we won’t keep you long.”
“Oh” Steve glanced down, as though he’d forgotten what he was wearing. “Yeah, that. Well, with you and Clint missing and the rest of the Avengers looking for you, Pepper’s Meet the Heroes event couldn’t exactly go ahead as planned. So I improvised.”
“You do?” Tony asked quietly, cursing the hope blooming in his chest.
“Not really. Some investors are a little, um, wary about the whole superhero thing with Mr Stark. Plus some of them are still struggling to get their heads around the whole making his assistant CEO thing, because apparently we can’t have women running Fortune 500 companies. So this event is supposed to project stability and show how Mr Stark is a team player, so postponing doesn’t exactly… give that impression?”
Steve’s blood ran cold.
“We’re terrible examples, aren’t we?” Scott frowned. “Well, you’re worse than I am because you’re a doctor. I’m just a lowly nurse.”
“Right back atcha, Nicky.”
“Nick Fury? Michelle-”
“If he actually had decent lawyers, I might’ve been on board,” Marci mused. “But these two are a pair of cowboys. And not in the good way like Foggy and Matt. In the bad way.”
“You can trust me,” Bruce repeated. “Believe me, I understand the importance of keeping this quiet. Instead of dolphins and whales at SeaWorld, we’d have mers being forced to perform tricks for paying audiences.”
“Sir, dinner has arrived in the lobby,” JARVIS announced, breaking the silence.
Tony glanced up at the Technical Press Inc. sign, the innocuous shell corporation covering up the fact it was the Maggia’s main warehouse.
Marci rolled her eyes as she sat back down, wrapping herself around Foggy’s arm. “He has a boyfriend. Which we found for him, Foggy-bear.”
Tony cupped Steve’s cheek, drawing him in for a kiss. He couldn’t imagine being any more content than he was here in this moment with Steve.
God, he should’ve known that Tony would understand.
“I think I did okay!”
“It wasn’t my proudest moment,” Peggy admitted. “Never have I ever done a body shot.”
Bruce stared at her. And stared. Then, “No. No, she’s not.”
Steve reached out with one hand, grabbing it from the table and tossing it to Tony, snorting with laughter when Tony only just managed to catch the bottle, juggling it back and forth.
“You coming?” Bucky asked Foggy.
“Feels pretty personal,” he grumbled.
Steve dropped his head, allowing Tony to capture his mouth in a soft kiss. He hummed his approval, shifting closer in Tony’s lap.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah, that sounds great. Thank you.”
And so began a nervous few days. The deliberation stretched on, seeming impossibly long.
“Well,” Tony said, eyeing the knife sticking out of his patient’s shoulder. “That’s not supposed to be there. Wade Wilson, right?”
“Mr Rogers-”
“He’s our landlord,” she replied, putting an arm around two small boys.
“Uh huh. Okay, follow up question: where did the dog come from? And is he missing an eye?” Tony frowned, picking up a tortilla from the plate Natasha placed in the centre of the table and spooning chicken onto it.
He wanted to kiss Steve. He really wanted to kiss Steve, because he didn’t on their coffee date, and he regretted it, but now there was the aforementioned six year old chaperone to consider.
Steve knew that the honeymoon period would probably end eventually and they wouldn’t be as handsy, but part of him hoped it wouldn’t because he loved reaching out for Tony and knowing he would be there.
The night was fitful, Steve tossing and turning at his side as the fever raged. Around six, the fever fell enough for Steve to get some actual sleep. Tony covered him with the lightest blanket, then slipped out of bed.
“Mr Stark is in the workshop.”
Cross snorted. “No.”
“Of course,” Tony nodded, pulling his phone from his pocket and opening his banking app. Steve watched Tony’s fingers fly across the screen. Across the table Joseph’s phone pinged; he withdrew it and nodded, tilting it so his lawyers could see the screen.
“Best way to spend time that isn’t getting arrested?” Tony asked.
The sun was coming up outside the window of his room. Wade glared at it. Then he glared at the IV in his arm. Then he looked up, hearing the door open, and glared at the doctor responsible for him being here.
“One of those nights, huh?”
“You’re welcome, honey,” Tony replied, kissing Steve’s cheek. “See you Tuesday?”
“I assumed you would,” Tony smiled, leaning down to kiss him.
“Done. I’ll see you soon.”
“We’re going for cocktails, you wanna come?” Angie offered.
“Stark?” Natasha called. “Can you cover an extra shift tomorrow night?”
He shook his head.
Tony shifted his hips again. “You okay to keep going?”
“Want some more toast?”
“Really? I never would’ve guessed.” Turning to Marci, he added, “Thank you. For everything.”
“Thank you, Arnie,” Steve smiled. “It’s beautiful.”
“I’m human.”
He grabbed the guard’s outstretched arm with one hand while slapping him across the face with the other. Twisting the guard’s wrist, Steve threw him onto the floor, dropping onto one knee and punching the guard unconscious.
“Okay, this is your desk now,” he explained, grabbing a chair.
“Did she get away?”
She caught sight of Natasha and a wave of guilt washed over her, followed by a healthy dose of nerves. Taking a deep breath, she hurried after Natasha, catching her wrist and tugging her into the supply room.
“Never have I ever injured myself while trying to flirt!” Peggy announced.
“I love you.”
“What?” Tony panted. “What’s so funny?”
L&L Diner was a twenty minute subway ride away in Williamsburg, but worth it in Steve’s opinion. He stumbled upon it back when he was dating Daniel, and Angie even worked there briefly while completing her teacher training. L&L’s one claim to fame was that Captain America’s sister worked there during the war. It was for less than a year, and at their old premises, but that didn’t deter the Cap fanboys.
“So, breaking the internet?” Tony said, handing Ellie another piece of cucumber, despite the fact she still had the original piece in her other hand.
“What does that mean?” Evie Rose asked.
Tony nodded. "Noted."
Yeah, he had everything he wanted right here.
“Bye,” Steve called after him.
Shower, then bed, he decided.
Steve’s traitorous heart jumped, but his brain reminded it that Tony didn’t mean it. He was only offering to distract Steve from discussing Stane - for reasons Steve was almost afraid to contemplate. Under normal circumstances, he would never offer something like that. Because Tony was smart. He wasn’t stupid enough to fall for someone like Steve.
“You do remember how I reacted, right?” Angie asked, arching an eyebrow over her phone.
“Don’t go anywhere,” Angie warned the waitress. “I’m gonna need coffee. A lot of coffee. Actually, gimme an espresso shot, no, double espresso shot, then come back with a mug of coffee. Or maybe a jug.”
“So?”
Deft fingers sneaked under the hem of Steve’s shirt, tugging it upwards, and yeah, this was better Steve decided. Once Tony tossed the shirt aside, he pushed Steve down again. Steve caught Tony’s jeans by the waistband, simultaneously using them to tug Tony with him and to unbutton them.
She shrugged and turned back to her dog.
Jessica glanced at him in surprise, before doubling over again. “Yeah, but this is not cramps. This makes my cramps feel like a papercut. Ouch!”
“I’m sure Bucky would hit you on the head with the shield if you asked?” Matt grinned.
“She’s on the third viewing of the same movie, so I think my sanity’s on its way out,” he replied with a wan smile.
Icy water flooded into his suit, his wound stinging, and then the suit was gone, falling apart and washing away.
It wasn’t a lie. Alexander had always looked good for his age. Steve knew how much effort went into his looks, between the twelve step moisturising routine that Steve had memorised once upon a time to the personal trainer that Alexander worked with twice a week. With that easy smile and the twinkle in his bright blue eyes, Steve could see the man he’d fallen for.
“You don’t get to use that as an excuse when you’re being a dick,” Tony pointed out.
“If your social worker agrees, you can stay with me and Steve until your dad gets himself on his feet. We’re already registered as foster carers in case of emergencies.”
“Can I have a bagel all the way, with a side of bacon? Thanks,” Steve nodded.
“Do what?”
But Steve began to move, riding Tony’s cock and setting a pace in time with Tony’s thrusts. Tony made a strangled noise, his fingers digging into Steve’s hips.
“Nothing else for it,” he mumbled.
His words died on his lips as his eyes fell on the edge of the pool and the… man glaring at him, his teeth bared and a knife in his hand. A knife with Steve’s blood on it. But Steve was too busy staring at the man’s neck. Because there were gills on it.
“I missed you too. Josie’s in Hell’s Kitchen at seven thirty?”
“I live in a studio apartment and live off of two-day old pizza. What do you think?”
“I didn’t invite him along,” Tony explained. “This was supposed to be a date. But you try getting rid of Captain America when he’s made up his mind to do something.”
“Is that a question?” Matt smirked.
“And yes, obviously Sam has it easier because he’s chair force.”
“Yeah, that sounds like the kind of thing an asshole like you would do.”
Steve grinned, leaning in to kiss him. At the last minute, Tony remembered, “Teeth!” and Steve planted a kiss on his nose instead. It sent Tony into a fit of giggles while happiness bubbled in his chest because they were
Steve chuckled. He felt a shiver run down Tony’s spine and smiled into his neck. “You know I don’t care about any of that,” he added. “I’d rather have you here, with me. If you said tomorrow that you were quitting the Army, I wouldn’t have a problem with it.” He circled his hand around Tony’s dog tags. “You could, you know. Quit. We could finally put down some roots somewhere.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” Steve agreed.
“You’re a mess, Rogers,” Tony sighed. He looked angry, which made no sense, because it wasn’t Steve’s fault the asshole decided to kick the crap out of him because he refused to let the asshole walk all over him. “Even for Josie’s, you look less than respectable.”
“Hey. It’s me.”
“So what happened?” Dr. Pym asked Matt once the Officer left the room.
“Holy shit,” Steve breathed.
“I will,” he nodded.
“I get that. I really do.” Tony pressed his palm to Steve’s cheek. “Thank you for sticking with me anyway.”
“I didn’t divorce Steve,” Tony chuckled. “Even I’m not that stupid.” He turned to MJ. “This is Michelle. Her friends call her MJ. She’s the reason why I found you tonight. She’s your kid.”
“There’s something wrong and I don’t know what it is,” he frowned. “I’m worried about him.”
He stopped when Ellie started tugging on his hair.
Tony pulled back, pressing their foreheads together, and gazed into Steve’s eyes. Their breath mingled and while the nurse in Steve knew the dizziness came from breathing each other’s air, the romantic in him thought it was just Tony. He’d always been intoxicating, even from that first meeting when the heat of his palm seared Steve’s hand and Steve knew then and there that something was different about this guy.
“No. I didn’t,” Steve replied petulantly.
“Not yet. He’s got the flu, there’s vomit and a fever, and it’s not pretty. I just, I needed to say it. I love him. Rhodey, I love him.”
“The giant scaly fish tail?”
“We hid out in that bakery for two weeks and put on three pounds each,” Bucky reminisced with a smile. “I got Tony to take me back once, see if it was still there. It’s an apartment block now.”
“You’re not a narcissist,” Steve continued. “You just do a good impression of one, and people are too stupid to see the truth. Also, this soup is amazing and I love it.”
But once they reached the staircase, their journey was clear. Tony ran his hands over the walls.
“You’re the best,” Steve told her, passing a cookie to Tony before shoving the other in his mouth whole. “These cookies are still amazing,” he mumbled around the biscuit.
Abandoning the handle, Steve began pounding on the door, unable to think of anything but getting out of there, and screamed, “Let me out! Let me out, please help!”
Steve shook his head, a smile spreading across his face despite his efforts to stop it. Because Tony was right, of course. He was always right. “What are you doing here? I thought you were going home. Or to explore.”
Steve nodded.
The thing about playing
“For what?”
“And if you break your promise?” Evie Rose hesitated.
It was a brief biography of the staff at the Marine Institute, including one Dr. Robert Bruce Banner, PhD, who’d worked there for the past two years. A quick detour to Google Maps told him that the Malibu Marine Institute was only a thirty minute drive away. Steve tapped his fingers against his laptop.
“Missed you,” Steve gasped, as Tony mouthed his way up his neck.
Right?”
Belatedly, Tony realised they’d never actually discussed whether or not they were dating exactly. But then Steve’s face softened as he smiled, and Tony relaxed.
“It was a trap,” Tony finished, pressing his lips together, his chin wobbling.
“I have a bad feeling about this,” Rhodey muttered. He tossed his keys into the bowl and crossed the room so they were face to face. Folding his arms, he raised an eyebrow. “And why do you want to do that?”
“Uh, okay Mr Stark.”
“I’m gonna…” Steve pulled back, picking up the box and carefully removing the watch and wrapping the smooth brown leather around his wrist. He stared at the watch in wonder for a moment, before turning to Tony and swinging his leg across, sitting down in Tony’s lap. “I love it,” he repeated, linking his fingers behind Tony’s neck.
Returning to his own room, Steve pulled on a half-worn pair of jeans, shoving his feet into his flip flops, and rifling through the pile of clean laundry on his desk chair until he found his
“Loki and I accidentally came across a Boniboo nest,” Thor continued, “And suddenly we were under attack by the whole conglomerate. It was a glorious battle. We had to run for our lives!”
“JARVIS, you got that?”
“Can we go home now?” Steve murmured.
“I love you too,” Steve grinned.
“We are wearing far too many clothes,” Tony murmured, as if reading Steve’s mind.
“Steve, this is Warren,” Alexander explained, indicating to the obviously drunk student sitting on the bed, looking dazed and holding his arm at an awkward angle. “Warren here decided that he was going to learn how to fly. Unfortunately for him, he tripped over his shoe lace on the way to the stairs and broke his arm. Can you set it for him?”
“Fuck you, Tony.”
“Hey. Welcome back,” Steve murmured.
“I’m great,” Tony replied with a faint smile. He coughed into his elbow and it wracked his whole body, his wheezing breath cutting through the air. Steve frowned, stepping forward before stopping suddenly when he realised there was nothing he could do to help. He’d never done well with being powerless, and seeing Tony obviously ill and in pain was starting to tug on some memories he’d locked in a box and buried deep underground.
Clint caught Scott and Hope’s attention, indicating with his head that they should join him in the corridor. “Okay, is it just me, or does this feel like more than flirting now?” he murmured. “I mean, yeah, I’m worried about the guy but Steve looks like he’s either about to cry or go out there himself.”
They ditched Natasha, Angie and Bruce a few hours later, stumbling out of the club and into a taxi where it was torture to keep his hands mostly off of Tony, but Steve saw the logic in it when Tony whispered the risk of the cab’s CCTV footage being leaked or posted online. But it was damned hard, especially when Tony kept trailing his fingers up the inseam of Steve’s jeans.
“Hey,” Bucky said, his eyebrows raising in surprise. “Was there an invite I missed?”
“Everything?” Steve smirked.
“The left, sir.”
“Then it’s a good job you did,” Sharon continued, keeping an eye on May Parker. “Because a few hours later, that same Buick crashed into an SUV, seriously injuring the driver and his daughter. She’s in surgery right now. The Buick’s driver was three times over the legal limit. Your actions probably saved both your lives.”
Tony’s voice wavered a little.
“Have I mentioned lately that I love you?” Tony murmured.
Steve loved halloween. He always had, ever since he and Peggy were kids. They used to make their own halloween parties, just the two of them and Peggy’s brother Michael, making their own costumes and bobbing for apples in Steve’s kitchen until they were soaked and laughing and had a pile of apples with bite marks in the skin. Now, as adults, they’d made it their mission to imbue Peggy’s kids with the same passion for the holiday.
“It’s the only way you’ll listen. You’re so goddamn stubborn, you don’t know what’s good for you,” Joseph muttered. “Now listen: you’re going to get me more. Regular payments. Am I making myself clear?”
Steve huffed.
“No. I’m not,” Foggy grinned.
“First one since the forties.”
“I do.”
“Has it? I don’t know you very well, but I look at this event and it says Steve Rogers did this.”
And that was enough.
Natasha pulled back a little, keeping her hands on Sharon’s waist and smiled, her eyes sparkling. Sharon’s stomach swooped in a way that had nothing to do with morning sickness. “So. You’re having a baby.”
“If they don’t like you, then there’s something wrong with them,” Tony said seriously.
For a second, it didn’t register. Then Steve realised with a start exactly what had just flickered through his mind without him realising. Because it felt so natural, he realised. He loved Tony, and loving Tony felt as natural as breathing.
A small smile played on Natasha’s face. She unhooked the cage, lifting out the cat, who blinked lazily at them all.
“I love you,” he whispered.
“Come on Rogers, what else’re you gonna do?”
I caught up on the latest chapter of a WIP I'm reading recently and the amazing fireinmywoods managed to put into words something I've been feeling and allowed me to paraphrase: Thank you to all the readers who are reading this as a "WIP". It's not really a WIP because it's finished and edited, so perhaps a better phrase would be this posting stage. Any reactions and musings you give me encourage me to keep working on the next project (because there is always a next project). Thank you for putting your faith in me and trusting me enough to keep coming back every week to see where this (or any) story goes. You're all amazing ❤️
“Uh huh. Sure. Sure.” Angie raised an eyebrow. “We’re putting a pin in this conversation, Steve. No!” she interrupted when he tried to object. “I haven’t forgotten the Rotten Tooth Incident of ‘09.”
Tony groaned, stealing a kiss. “You know what it does to me when you break out the Army talk.”
“Fuck knows,” Tony sighed. “Early.”
“As I said, we never worked together,” Carol replied. “But… Just watch the pills. That’s all I’m saying. There was… an incident.”
Then it wasn’t so fun.
“My pleasure,” Tony replied, his tone firm but gentle.
“Lucky me” he murmured.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, knee-crawling across the bed and straddling Tony’s thighs -
“I love you,” Tony declared. Then he leaned up to kiss Steve’s cheek before leaving the bathroom.
punched
“Pal, I have no idea.”
“Wait,” Tony called. Steve turned and raised an eyebrow. Tony swallowed. “Why? I know you said all that stuff about how I need you but… Why?”
“You might have to up the price, but I think that’s a fair deal,” she replied.
“That’s the next time I saw him in person, yes.”
Bobbi sat on the end of the bed, but instead of lifting her shirt like he’d expected her to, she pulled the whole thing off so she was just sitting there in her bra.
“Is that why you asked me here?” he frowned. “Because of… that?”
“I love it.”
“You gonna help?” Steve called.
Clint glanced around then leaned forward to whisper, “I think he’s flirting with Stark.”
“MJ? Firecracker,” Tony smiled. “She’s a good kid. Lonely. Just looking for somebody to love her.”
“That’ll be Sharon,” Rhodey said when the buzzer rang, making Steve jump out of his skin as usual. “Hey babe, come on up,” he said into the speaker.
Bucky narrowed his eyes at him.
“Yes, we are. I’ve given you everything I have. Let me go!”
“Fuck,” Steve muttered.
“It’s you, it’s always you, only you,” Tony promised, pressing kisses into the sweat-damp hair at Steve’s temples.
“We’re standing in your bedroom,” Tony smiled.
Steve clenched his fists, his anger growing. “But he never told you when they died? Or, or came to help you or anything?”
“Okay,” Tony muttered. “Why not?”
She shrugged, running her spoon around the edge of the bowl to ensure she caught every last drop of ice cream and sticking it in her mouth.
“Steve’s grumpy,” Angie announced, scrolling through her phone.
“So. Day one down,” Bucky said, licking chocolate ice cream from his spoon. “How are we feeling?”
“This is either going to be the best thing ever or a complete disaster,” Clint predicted.
“I gotta stop giving all the good stuff to SHIELD and keep some for myself,” Tony sighed. “Alright. Here goes.”
“I don’t want one,” Steve insisted. “I got what I wanted, and that’s you. I’m not perfect, Tony.”
“Hang on,” he told her, pulling out his phone. “I might have an idea. It’s a long shot,” he warned, “But it’s better than nothing.”
Over the next few days, Steve came to the realisation that anyone who thought they knew Tony Stark had no idea. Absolutely none. The Tony Stark he knew, the one who was basically living with Steve to look after him when all he had was a cold, that Tony Stark was so alien in comparison to the Tony Stark the media and the public claimed to know.
It turned out several of his students had questions, due in part to his terrible explanation at the start of the lesson. When they were done, it took all of Steve’s self control to stop himself from running back to his desk.
“Why do you think I’m doing it?” Steve grinned.
They made their way upstairs hand in hand, shoulders and hips brushing as they walked, both seeking more contact.
“Okay then, it’s due next Monday,” Steve continued. “If you have any questions about it, you know where to find me. If you have any questions about anything not relating to the fall of the Berlin Wall, keep them to yourselves.”
“Your daughter takes no prisoners,” he informed Daniel.
But something had changed between them since the night they watched the stars, when Tony went out of his way to try and make Steve feel better even though he denied being friends. The edge was gone from their teasing and they spent a lot of time watching each other or catching the other looking at them. It was…
“I bet,” Tony said sadly. “And what did he think of this little lady?”
He sang it again, before continuing, “What happened to the storybook ending you promised me?”
“I know,” Steve murmured, covering Arnie’s hand on his shoulder and squeezing it gently.
He huffed.
“I was hoping we could start over.”
“Hi gorgeous,” Tony cooed. “Yes, you. You are so beautiful. Damn, look at those big brown eyes.”
“He’s so much better than you,” she laughed. “Because he’s not afraid. You saw what you could be and you ran scared. He saw, and he decided to become what you should have been.”
They remained there, making out languidly, and Tony lost all sense of time. There was no rush, no urgency. Just a low, building fire they were content to feed as Tony’s hands roamed up Steve’s spine, across his shoulders, cupping his ass. The last one earned him a low moan which reverberated between their chests.
Kicking his classroom door closed behind him with possibly more force than was necessary, Steve stalked over the his desk, throwing himself down into his chair and stabbing his pasta angrily, like it was all its fault that the world had decided that because he had a famous boyfriend, he needed to be treated differently.
Evie Rose declared.
“I’m sure I can think of something,” Rhodey smiled. “So where do we start?”
“Ready?” Sharon asked.
“No, Rhodey,” Tony laughed. “I love him. I’m in love with him. As in rainbows and sparkles and all that bogus Valentine’s Day shit. I love him.”
“Nee!” Ellie insisted, frowning as she tried to throw herself at Tony.
They stared at each other and again Steve thought,
“Maybe when you have enough energy to do more than just lie there.”
“What happens to me until then?” MJ asked.
“And I think there must be something I can get you that would convince you to do the tests without telling anyone. A DVD boxset of
Tony took the pen, signing an approximation of the false signature Stane had used for the past ten years. He was surprisingly good at forgery, Steve thought hysterically. Then Tony held out the pen to him. Swallowing, Steve stepped forward and took the pen, his fingers brushing Tony’s, before leaning down and signing his name.
“Hey, how is it you two are the ones in stable, healthy relationships,” Clint wondered, pointing between Bucky and Tony.
Coulson turned to Steve. “That’s very bad. That means they don’t have a clear target, and they don’t care who they hurt.”
But if he was going to reveal Ellie to the world, there would be questions about her sire. Which meant that he needed to take a road trip upstate.
“So are you,” Dr. Stark replied, sitting in the chair next to his bed. “How are you doing?”
“Ouch,” Clint winced.
He sighed.
“Right behind you,” a second voice replied.
“You’ve dated some crazy people,” Clint muttered.
“One deck up, front of the boat,” Tony relayed to Steve. He considered telling Steve again to stay behind him, but held back. The last thing he wanted was to end up in another fight with Steve.
“Can you take off your shirt?” Steve asked. Tony saw the veiled concern in Steve’s eyes, and felt a rush of warmth for this wonderful man, who saw Tony’s traumas and accepted them just like that.
Ellie looked up at him with wide eyes before reaching up and wrapping her hand around his nose and tugging hard.
“I just got over the cold,” Steve grumbled. “I want a new immune system.”
Banner frowned, looking adorably confused in the way only baby residents could. Clint remembered those days distantly but fondly. “Why is that a problem?” Banner asked.
Natasha’s head jerked up. “You knew?”
He was looking for something very specific.
Tony whined and then he came, spilling over his hand as he gulped for breath. It was so intoxicating, Steve’s breath caught.
As soon as he was able to move again, he slumped against Tony’s side, pressing a kiss to his neck, before slicking his finger again and pushing them back into Tony. He curled his fingers, pressing against Tony’s prostate until he was a babbling mess.
The squeal made them all jump; luckily, Tony had quick reflexes which allowed him to catch Evie Rose when she threw herself into his arms.
“Alright,” Tony smirked. “Just checking. In case you need any tips. I mean, things have changed since the forties.”
Scott very pointedly did not look at Hope. Instead, he cleared his throat and said, “So, L&L’s?”
Tony swallowed but he held Steve’s gaze unwaveringly.
“Oh great. Withdrawal is
“Hi Harry,” Steve nodded. He popped the lid on the box before sticking it into the microwave. “How’s it going?”
“Yeah, well, you wanna help me, have something to eat,” Tony said, picking up his knife to slice off some more salmon strips. “Your stomach grumbling is doing my head in.”
“Not only do I understand it, I speak it,” Tony replied. “I can tell you what to do to fix the pump and the filter.”
“I know that,” Steve grumbled, his forehead taking on the most adorable crease. “I just want to know if there’s, if there’s anyone else.”
Ellie responded with a stream of nonsense before lunging over the arm of the chair. Steve caught her and placed her back on Arnie’s lap.
Watching Steve ride him was like watching a work of art. His thigh muscles alone made Tony want to thank any deity out there who happened to be listening. He could resist splaying his hands over Steve’s thighs, the fine hair tickling his palms, and digging his fingers into the muscle until they both groaned.
But Steve’s face fell, remembering what Arnie told him about the cancer. His mouth twisted and he ducked his head, hoping to hide it from Tony.
“Well, I should probably get going,” Bobbi continued. “You’ll be sick of the sight of me.”
Then she turned to Tony, giving him a hug too, much to his surprise. Steve bit his lip to curtail the grin which threatened to escape.
“If it’s a selfie, you can take it yourself,” Dr. Stark pointed out.
The beach was a small cove west of Malibu. Steve had visited it once, almost a year ago, during his month of bed surfing with a guy whose name was lost to time and tequila. But Steve remembered him saying that the beach was popular at night but largely deserted during the day. Steve was relieved to find this was true; there was no one in sight when he pulled up at the edge of the sand, climbing out of the car and scanning the horizon.
“Not sure your legs can take that,” Tony said, helping Steve to his feet. Steve hummed in agreement, but he didn’t look happy about it.
“Beautiful,” he said, pressing a kiss to her cheek.
“Sounds great,” Steve smiled.
“You don’t know that.”
Despite the early hour, Steve couldn’t get back to sleep, not knowing Tony was out there putting himself at risk against the Dreadnoughts.
“Ready to go, Happy,” Tony called.
“Yes,” Steve smiled. “But I won’t object to hearing it again.”
“Yes, you beat me up with a pillow. I remember.”
“I still can’t believe you bit Thor,” Clint shook his head.
Scott choked on his cigarette. Hope helpfully slapped him between the shoulder blades, while staring open-mouthed herself at Stark and Steve exchanging soft kisses in front of staff, patients, and the hospital CCTV cameras.
“What are you talking about?” Steve frowned.
“Seriously? Not fair,” Steve sighed. “All I got was another of Mrs Hartley’s fruit cakes.”
They settled back, falling silent as they ate. When they finished eating, Steve stuffed their empty cartons into a carrier bag, before leaning back against Tony’s chest. Behind him, Tony shifted, draping his arm over Steve’s shoulder.
“I don’t need one,” he replied carefully. “My best friends had their first baby before they were married.”
“I know the feeling,” Natasha murmured.
As soon as he said it, the pieces began to fall into place.
“You ready for this?” Marci asked, pulling the contract from her briefcase.
“I’m so sorry, Tony.”
Steve watched Joseph and his lawyers leave, Tony’s hand in his once more. At the last minute, he called out, “Bye dad.”
With a dopey grin, Steve replied, “I love you too."
“No- Ellie, don’t pull the cat’s tail,” Tony called, scrambling to his feet and rushing to the rescue.
“Shit. Really?” Rhodey’s eyes widened. “He doesn’t feel the same way…?”
“I really like you.”
It wasn’t until after he’d finished eating and picked up the skimmer to remove any new debris blown into the pool that Steve realised that eating and joking with Tony had lifted him out of his funk. Not completely, but he felt better than he did before. Steve paused, glancing curiously over his shoulder at the mer.
“Good,” Tony murmured. “Because you forgot to get a refund policy when you bought me.”
“Allergic like you’re allergic to bee stings, or allergic like you’re allergic to seafood and we need to get out of here now or I’m going to learn how to use an Epipen today?”
“Huh.”
Maybe Dr Ross was wrong. Maybe he could make it as a doctor.
“Flying suit of armour. Not really an issue.”
“Alright kids, this has been fun, but I think we’re going to call it a night,” Tony announced. “Barton, you’re on dish duty tonight, aren’t you?”
“Thank you,” Zoey replied. She leaned in to hug him. “Good night Uncle Steve.”
Sharon paused. “Yeah?”
“See, why wouldn’t I want to date you?” Steve teased. “Money for bail,
“Is that so?” Tony smiled.
“It’s either gossip about you and Steve or I have to start listening to the Tac Team wax lyrical about Cap’s biceps.”
“You stole from him?” Tony exclaimed.
“How do you know I want something?”
“Rewind,” Tony ordered, folding his arms across his chest. When he saw himself leave, he murmured, “And play.”
Steve laughed bitterly. “Right. Sure.”
Steve grinned but before he could step onto the staircase, a splash broke the silence. Glancing over his shoulder, Steve saw ripples spread across the pool. He frowned.
“Wha- No,” Steve shook his head. “I didn’t get stabbed,” he lied. “I, I slipped. Tripped. Taking a walk. Cut my leg open. I’m fine,” he insisted, grabbing a bottle of Dr. Pepper from the fridge and limping back towards his room.
Steve asked.
“It doesn’t make a difference,” Hank pointed out. “They’re all alike. All certain they know best and that everyone else is insignificant next to their genius.”
“Yeah. I noticed,” Clint replied dryly. “But congratulations, I guess.”
“Thank you. But you don’t need to defend my honour, it disappeared a long time ago.”
“Wait, what?” Scott blurted out.
“And what is no one’s name?”
“What are you doing here?”
Steve shook his head, gripping the steering wheel as he drove through Hollywood Hills. “Bastard,” he muttered. He wasn’t sure if he was referring to Stane or Stark. Maybe both.
“Uh…” Banner replied, ducking his head and rubbing the back of his neck. His face flushed and that was kind of adora-
“Tony, you gotta calm down,” Bucky glowered. “There was a bomb. And an EMP.” Tony’s hands flew to his chest, but before he could panic about the reactor and his current lack of heart attack symptoms, Bucky continued, “The reactor’s fine. Whatever you did after last time worked perfectly. But I’d really appreciate it if you could hit the reboot button on my arm.”
rang out, then the doors slid open soundlessly and Tony stepped out of the elevator without another word. Steve glared at his back then followed him upstairs.
“It’s nothing,” he insisted. “I’ll go make the calls and then I’ll come back for you,” he told MJ, “At the end of Steve’s shift. We can’t go home before then because I forgot my keys.”
“I don’t know, I need to think about it.”
“You okay?” Tony asked.
And just like that, it all fell into place for him.
“The casino, huh?” Tony said, tilting his head as they left the parking lot.
“Holy shit,” Clint breathed. “Steve’s cheating on his husband with Stark.”
Dr. Stark hummed. “Do you think Peter would agree with that?”
“I think I should be thanking you,” Coulson said. “I just wish I could’ve captured the expression of the cashier in Toys R Us when I told her that buying all that Avengers merchandise was a matter of national security.”
Steve managed a smile, bending to pick up the net again. Nothing had changed, not really, and everything still felt insurmountable, but he could breathe. He stuck the net into the water, running it along a few feet then lifting it clear of the water to dump the debris and weeds out of the net. To his surprise, Tony popped up beside him, and in his hands were two water-filled plastic bottles from the bottom of the pool.
But still.
Steve pointed at Peggy, grinning when she rolled her eyes but took the shot obligingly, Daniel following suit.
Steve had the audacity to chuckle without even pausing in his pull-ups at the bar in the corner of the room, his ridiculous muscles on full display. Clint shook his head and poured himself another mug of coffee.
“They want me to tell you that I’ve been flirting with Tony all night,” Steve deadpanned.
“Do you think she asked him before she said that?” Steve asked, stripping out of his work clothes to change them for his favourite clubbing outfit.
Tony spun around and found Clint standing in the doorway of an apartment, looking hale and hearty if grumpy.
“It’s so good to see you again,” Alexander grinned, squeezing Steve’s shoulder just the wrong side of too much.
“I think you do,” Steve insisted. “Since you guys think it’s so important.”
She nodded. “They shouldn’t be here,” she whispered angrily, tears shining in her eyes. “No one should be here.”
She did.
“Sounds like a plan,” Hope nodded. “Hey, Sharon? We’re going to L&L’s, you coming?”
“On the roof.”
“Oh. Handy.”
“Awesome. Stark Industries is involved in cutting edge medical research and technology that helps kids and adults alike recover. They are also supplying tablets, televisions and other sound and vision equipment to paediatric units across the country to help the families that need it most and make hospital stays a little more tolerable.
“Like you read my mind.”
“Yes!”
“Luchino Nefaria told me a sob story about his Nazi grandparents. I wasn’t impressed. But it gave me the chance to pick my handcuffs while he was distracted. Then he left, and I was alone with the other man.”
“Steve,” Tony whispered, running his hands over Steve’s chest. “Steve.”
Steve looked him dead in the eye and replied, “Sushi.”
“Uh, don’t you live on the top floor?”
“Yes, honey?” Tony murmured, pulling that sensitive spot between his teeth gently and delighting in the whine it elicited from his husband.
Barely three minutes later, and halfway through
“Never have I ever?”
“I know,” Steve snapped.
, the voice argued. Steve told it to fuck off.
“So I can smell.”
“You’ll do it?”
Steve jogged up the two flights of stairs to the master suite, heading straight into the walk-in wardrobe to dump his bag. Although, walk-in wardrobe was kind of a misnomer considering it was at least two thirds the size of Steve’s bedroom at home.
, Tony’s thighs,
“Nothing. Do you want me to go over it again?” Tony offered, an obviously fake smile plastered on his face.
“Easy slugger,” Bucky laughed. “What’d he do to you anyway?”
“Not yet.”
In his arms, Ellie shifted and whined in her sleep.
Bucky raised his hand, waggling it from side to side.
“Whoa, you look hot,” Scott exclaimed, drinking in the sight of Hope in a dress and heels. “Wait, you look hot. Did we have a-” He glanced around quickly, making sure no one was close enough to overhear, before lowering his voice just in case. “Did we have a date that I forgot about?”
But today, pressed against Tony’s back - feeling the very real, very solid proof of his husband’s presence beneath his hands as they splayed across Tony’s stomach - as they dodged between the early morning traffic, cutting Steve’s usual commute in half; today, Steve liked the motorbike. Or at the very least, was willing to tolerate it if it meant reducing the time between leaving the ER and getting naked.
“Hey, that was on you,” Steve argued. “I told you that I was dating Tony. Not my fault you didn’t believe me.”
Steve had his doubts that a threatening letter would be enough to make Joseph stop, but he trusted Marci’s experience.
. He took a deep breath, gulping the oxygen to feed his brain.
“What did you have planned if not an ambulance ride?” she asked, pumping air into the blood pressure cuff.
But when Tony removed his shirt and revealed the clotted blood on his arm, Steve was suddenly wide awake again.
A low hum filled Tony’s ears and a blast of air hit them both, then an all too familiar voice called, “Need a ride?”
It was this, this warmth and closeness with friends - family, really - he liked. Catching up with old friends, making time to see each other and just laugh together. To be around the people you loved.
on a loop and every time he ignored it, the guilt lying low in his gut grew stronger.
“Have you tried talking to him?”
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, grinning wickedly from the driver’s seat.
“Do you know what happened?”
“Dr. Stark, nice of you to join us,” Natasha smirked at the man who came in with the paramedics. “You’re late.”
His head felt stuffy and weird and he’d been having the strangest dream about Clint and some cables and a bunch of idiots in tracksuits.
He sneezed loudly.
“Yeah, looking like Bugs Bunny is enough,” Steve added.
Tony laughed, glancing at Steve for confirmation; Steve just shrugged.
“That’s right,” he nodded.
“Yes.”
And finally, Dr. Anthony Stark, their son who had taken up residency in Hank’s ER.
“I’m an idiot, aren’t I?” Steve sighed.
Tony and Evie Rose sat and read for a while, until Evie Rose cut off halfway through to ask, “Uncle Steve, how long until dinner’s ready?”
“I don’t want to be a burden though.”
“Applying the code deconstructed by Agent Romanoff,” JARVIS explained, “I have been able to determine that the Maggia are using a shipping company known as Northeastern Shipping Company to bring their imports in and out of New York and Connecticut. However, there are no details on where the items are being imported from. There are also missing details on several customers who have purchased weapons from the Maggia.”
“Can’t come soon enough,” Steve sighed.
“What’s funny is that you think you can get me to cave by beating me up,” Clint laughed. “Dude, you think this is going to change my mind? I’m a fucking Avenger. I’ve had a god play with my mind. This is nothing.”
Tony slowed the bike as he turned into their street. With a jerk, the bike came to a halt and Steve scrambled off of it, using Tony’s shoulders for leverage. He didn’t want to be on that thing for a second longer than he had to.
“Done,” Tony announced, stepping back. But when he looked at Steve, it was with a cocktail of anger and disappointment and frustration written across his face. Steve bristled.
“This was worth getting up early on the weekend for,” Steve decided, curling further into the armchair in the walk in wardrobe and breathing in the warm air from his mug of tea. Across the room, Tony glanced up at him while tying his tie, smiling at Steve in the mirror. Steve let his eyes sweep over his boyfriend’s body, taking in the way the suit trousers made his legs look longer and lingering on the shirt sleeves stretched over Tony’s biceps.
“Which one?”
“Shit.”
“We won’t need fifteen minutes,” Natasha replied.
“Unfortunately not.”
“Not for now,” Fury hummed. “Nice seeing you, Rogers.”
Steve shook his head, unlocking the tablet with a swipe of his watch and opening Tony’s Instagram to record a new video, throwing Tony a thumbs up when they started recording.
“Of course you will. I never thought otherwise.”
“Sharon, what-”
Steve groaned, his fingers digging into Tony’s shoulders, just in case he was considering leaving.
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed,” Tony retorted. “What with you kidnapping my boyfriend. And all. But the Avengers all survived your fireworks show. They’re on their way right now-”
Steve picked up his sketchpad again, letting Tony look at what he’d started working on. “It’s a house. A design for a house. One that you could come and go from. And instead of being below floor level, you’d be on the level with… me.”
“How the fuck did you get hit in the face?” Bucky blinked. “You have perfect aim.”
“Mr Stark?” she prompted.
“What?” he exclaimed. “Are you serious?”
“And you didn’t get checked over?”
“No, you said you were going to tell him.”
“Actually he’s the kind of idiot who forgets his keys,” Steve smirked. “But I kinda like him.”
He gripped Tony’s chin, pulling him in again for another kiss, because Steve was quickly coming to the realisation that any time not spent kissing Tony was a waste. The only problem with kissing Tony was that kissing Tony was so good and so overwhelming Steve felt like he should probably take a break.
It was a risk to even ask hypothetical questions, never mind potentially telling another person about Tony. And there was a very good chance Dr. Banner would need to see Tony in person, which… probably wouldn’t go down well. Steve rubbed the bandage on his leg absently.
“Oh, he’s brilliant and I love him,” Bucky agreed. “He’s also kind of a reckless idiot, so…”
“Dr. Banner?”
“Yes,” Evie Rose said solemnly. “And Uncle Steve still climbed the tree to rescue it.”
“Yes?” Stark said slowly. “Why do I feel like yes is the wrong answer? Also why am I being asked this? I mean-”
“Have I told you lately,” Tony murmured, “That you are the most beautiful person in the whole fucking world?”
Panting for breath, Steve hung his head below the shower spray. He cringed. He’d just jerked himself off to the thought of one of his best friends. That should be weird. It would be weird if it was Bucky.
“I remember.”
Steve inspected the scar on his leg with a grim fascination. The wound had closed enough to stop dressing it, but the pink line still stood out against Steve’s skin. He let his fingers dance over the scar until a shiver of revulsion ran down his spine. Steve shuddered. He had a thing about scars.
“Wow, really?” Tony blinked.
Steve snorted. “Who’s covering her shifts?” he asked.
That was a strange feeling, trust. And the fact that it went both ways? Even stranger. Steve found himself trusting a veritable plethora of people who weren’t Bucky these days. As well as Rhodey and Sharon, there was Bruce, who he had an ever-growing text chain with. And then there was Tony.
He carefully avoided mentioning that the thing he was attending the following day was at Stark Industries. He wasn’t sure how Tony felt about Howard’s company and he was afraid it might ruin their friendship if he mentioned that Rhodey and Sharon worked there. But neither was he willing to refuse their invite. They were slowly building a friendship, and as much as Steve cared about Tony, he wouldn’t be around forever. He’d finished his course of antibiotics and looked healthier than ever. As soon as Steve worked out how he was going to get Tony out of the house and down to the ocean, Tony would be free and Steve would never see him again.
“Oh, and I know Dr. Ross,” she added. “He’s an arrogant son of bitch, who needs to be taken down a peg or two. You could be the one to do that. By proving him wrong.”
,” he read.
“Alright. Good.”
He ducked a punch and managed to get a jab in on the asshole’s floating rib, only to take two hits to the face for his trouble, sending him reeling backwards and onto his ass. Snorting the blood from his nose, Steve jumped to his feet, even as his head swam.
“Move,” Steve whispered when they parted.
Tony returned to his work with a grin on his face.
“Yeah. So, uh, filter. It’s probably gonna need to be backwashed and it’ll need new sand. Ideally, you backwash it after the pool’s been cleaned, but-”
“You always got picked last, didn’t you?” Steve grinned.
Then Steve was kissing him until Tony’s lungs were protesting at the lack of air but Tony told them to shut up, because he was kissing his husband and they were going to be parents and there was nothing he wanted more in the world.
“Oh, I’d say I’m sorry to disappoint you,” Nefaria chuckled, wiping away a tear. “But I’m really not. It’s just so satisfying to see how
“Officially, I have no idea.”
The next time Steve saw Tony was a little over a week later.
Then he and Scott scattered to the wind, abandoning Bruce to the Borsons. Taking a deep breath, Bruce opened the door to the waiting room and approached Frigga Borson. It was instantly obvious who her son was even if Bruce hadn’t seen his photo online; he wore the same high-quality clothing, albeit a black suit and crisp white shirt beneath a knee-length coat and a green and gold silk scarf rather than a golden gown that appeared more suitable for a night at the opera rather than a Tuesday in San Antonio General.
“Freedom!” Angie cheered, spreading her arms wide and spinning as they left the building. “Smell that free air, Steve? Ah! That’s the good stuff.”
“If she needs anything, don’t hesitate,” Tony told him, straightening up - but he continued to sneak glances at Ellie - and shoving his hands into his pockets. “I always say I have more money than I know what to do with and she would be the perfect way to get rid of the excess.”
Thirty minutes later, he stepped into the bustle of the fish market. The floor was wet and Steve had to watch his step lest he injure himself further as he negotiated the ice-packed boxes looking for the items on the list Tony had reeled off to him the day before.
Riri’s fingers danced across the keys, her brow furrowing as she studied the screen.
“Can I hold her?”
“Not like I’m busy. I was just heading out to the casino when you called. What’s going on?” Bucky asked, glancing between Tony and MJ. “Not that I’m not loving the atmosphere, but why are we here?”
“Tony,” she interrupted. “Get to the point.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m good. Just… wow. You’ve had ten years of that.”
A pair of arms wrapped around Tony’s neck from behind, trying to capture his head in a lock, but Tony was too quick, ducking his chin just in time. He threw his elbow back into his attacker’s gut then spun around and brought his fist down onto the attacker’s head to send him sprawling. Tony heard a crunch of glass and out of the corner of his eye, saw Clint kick one of the goons out of a window.
“Oh, so it’s my phone you want, not me,” he realised. “You know what? The week I’ve had, I’ll take it.”
Steve watched Bucky disappear into the crowd of officers, his heart hammering. He scratched Lucky’s ears and focused on keeping the dog calm, hoping it would extend to keeping him calm.
Shit. Had they offended him?
He scrubbed at the moisture leaking from his eyes, then climbed to his feet, marching out of the house and across the terrace, trying to put some distance between himself and Tony. Spotting a large piece of broken masonry, Steve kicked it into the garden scrub with a roar.
“You look happy,” Arnie remarked as they watched Tony and Ellie.
“What do you want?” Steve countered. Tony was great at asking what Steve needed in bed, but not so great at putting himself first. And sometimes Steve just wanted to spoil him.
Steve had no choice; he had to take care of himself if he was going to help Tony.
“We got this,” Clint insisted, grabbing a length of cable and pressing his back to the wall beside the door.
Steve swirled his tongue around Tony’s cock, hollowing his cheeks and Tony gasped, pulling on Steve’s hair as he came down his throat. Steve pulled off slowly, eliciting a wrecked, “
“It’s like you don’t even wanna get laid tonight,” Bucky declared, still staring at the woollen monstrosity.
“You do?”
“Five years later, and I’m still word perfect,” Steve grinned, “So no regrets.”
But Steve shook his head, running his hand down Tony’s cheek.
Dammit, it shouldn’t be this hard to remember to call him Stane after all these years.
“I won’t keep you long,” Steve interrupted. He handed over the envelope. “I’m tendering my resignation, effective immediately.”
“And unofficially?” Pym fixed him with a stare.
“I’ll bear that in mind,” Steve said. Tony leaned forward so Steve could scent Ellie and press a kiss to the top of her head. “Be good for Tony, okay baby girl? I love you.” He looked up at Tony. “Thank you.”
“Just, ah, just wondering what they’ll - oh yeah - say at work… If, if they see. Bruises,” Steve replied. “From your hands. Tonight.”
Steve considered it. On one hand, he wanted to see justice done. But on the other, he couldn’t keep taking forty minute showers to wash away the feeling of Nefaria’s eyes on him.
He moved slowly into the room. If Howard’s grotto in the basement was chaos, this was the opposite. It was almost fanatically neat; with one glance, Steve could tell that there was a place for everything and everything was in its place. He could also tell that this room hadn’t been touched since the Starks left the house on the day of their death.
“No…” Gary sighed. “It’s… Dr. Stark.”
He didn’t have a chance to wince at the pain shooting down his arm because he was falling down, the wind whistling in his ears as the Dreadnoughts attacked his now-empty suit in the air above him. The ocean rushed up towards him then suddenly a new suit wrapped itself around him and burst into life.
“Hey you,” Tony greeted, circling the island and leaning up to press a kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth.
“You’re disgusting,” Bucky replied, inspecting his coffee for crumbs before pouring it down the sink.
There was a bark and then a blur of yellow barrelled through the crowd and jumped up at Steve.
Steve laughed, holding her tighter.
“Not if that helps or makes it worse,” Bucky admitted. “Anyway. I’m going home. Stark, take your husband home.”
Steve and Bucky turned. Steve found himself looking at another man, slightly taller, dark hair and wearing glasses with red lenses. Bucky beamed at him; they stepped forward, kissing softly, and Steve surmised this must be Matt.
“Very much so,” Tony agreed when they broke apart. He swatted Steve on the ass, already looking forward to getting his hands and other parts of himself up close and personal with that ass when they got home. “Go. I’ll get the kid and meet you outside.”
Stark snorted. “I don’t think I do.”
“What’s going on with you two?” Daniel asked, pouring Steve a glass of wine and joining them at the table, a beer in hand.
They reached the steps and the reporters tripped over them and each other, trying to get them to say something, anything about Nefaria or the case. But Tony just kept grinning and waving, and Steve clamped his mouth shut to avoid saying something he would regret and kept his head low.
Once everyone else had piled out, either to go home or to go on clubbing, Steve and Tony were the only ones left.
“Now, there’s an idea,” Tony grinned. “How’s that going by the way?”
He let out a choked back moan, twisting his face into the pillow, causing his sweat-soaked hair to stick up in all directions.
“Nah,” Tony grinned, hopping out of the water and lounging on his elbows. “I think I’ll just sit back and look pretty while you do all the work.”
“August 16th, I was, uh, I was at the Caledonian bar with a friend. Margaret Carter. We were having a drink together when a man approached a table and asked me if he could buy me a drink.”
“I didn’t steal your building, I bought your building,” Clint corrected. “I gave you money and the building became mine, that’s how buying something works, Ivan.”
“You’re an asshole,” Wade informed him cheerfully.
“I want to discuss your thesis.”
Tony winced. “Don’t ever say the word
Sitting up with a smile, Tony turned to receive Steve’s kiss. “Hi.”
Steve nodded. “But married. And in his eighties.”
“Thanks, but I’m going to have an early night,” Steve replied. “I have to get up early tomorrow morning.”
“No,” Natasha chuckled. “But my girlfriend is.”
Angie could make Steve look like a morning person.
“So. Do I have to put a ring on your finger before we have kids?”
“No, you’re not.”
“I never wanted to bond with Arnie,” he said. “He was my best friend and he helped me through a bad heat, but we were never going to be anything more than that. I’m not pining for what could’ve been.”
“Definitely.”
“April 13th.”
Tony flinched, but Steve hardened his heart and ploughed on.
your help. But if you want to leave, then leave. If you want to help me save a life, then get over here and I’ll give you a boost.”
“JARVIS?”
“So tonight’s not going how I thought it would, then?” Steve grinned.
(See the end of the chapter for
The small patches of scales Steve had glimpsed on Tony’s torso before were clearly visible now, eventually tapering into the scales of his tail. For the first time, Steve realised that although the majority of Tony’s scales were blue, there was the odd orange or red scale smattered throughout. Steve eyed them curiously, but he didn’t feel he could ask anything, not without Tony reaching for his knife, and he’d already proved terrifyingly skilled with that thing.
Steve nodded, a tiny thrill at the thought of seeing Tony with a child, their child, in his arms one day. “Good to know.”
Steve stopped, fear gripping his heart as it pounded in his ears.
“They… They kinda look like a bastardised version of your suit,” Bucky said tentatively.
“Isn’t it?” Tony smirked. “Oops?”
“Let’s go then.”
Wait.
Hopping on one foot, he pulled on shoes, before dashing through the apartment to the bathroom to put in his contact lenses, praying he wouldn’t poke himself in the eye for once. Then he brushed his teeth again, just in case, double checked his hearing aid, and ran through his leaving-the-apartment checklist: phone, inhaler, Epipen, wallet, keys-
Part of him considered just ignoring it, taking a cold shower and forgetting all about it. But then he stepped into the shower, saw the shampoo bottle and registered that it was the exact colour of some of Tony’s scales and his dick twitched.
“On what?”
“Thanks,” Johnny smiled.
“You owe us,” Marci declared, poking his chest with one perfectly manicured nail. “You never would’ve met him if it wasn’t for us.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“You deserve it, baby,” he murmured, kissing his cheek. “You deserve everything. So lucky to have you. Luckiest man in the whole goddamn world. Love you.”
“Driving down the Pacific Coast Highway, top down,” Tony decided. “Before the suit, it was the closest thing to flying.”
“Follow him,” Tony ordered.
“Right, you were in a war, you’re blind,” Tony realised. “Wrong crowd.”
By the time he closed the webpage, Steve had a list of three names as the most likely candidates, their websites saved in his bookmarks for later. Dr. Helen Cho was at the top of the list, and Steve spent a long time staring at the
“Gimme five minutes to eat this and get my shoes,” he mumbled around the sandwich. “And we’ll drive over, yeah?”
Clint snorted. He’d been called a lot of things over the years, but a good man was rarely one of them. And he wasn’t sure he believed her.
Steve’s heart pounded against his ribcage. He didn’t know what to think. It certainly sounded like something Tony would do, but he didn’t want to think about why or what it could mean.
It was incredible. Mad, but brilliant.
“You two are disgustingly cute,” Bucky declared. He smirked at them. “I approve.”
He crossed to the foot of the stairs, his heart felt like it was trying to break free from his chest, hope swelling with every step. Surely Steve wouldn’t come all this way to Jersey just to break up with him in public, would he?
He straddled Steve’s thighs then leaned forward, placing a lingering kiss against the top of his spine. Steve squirmed beneath him, arching his spine as much as he could under Tony’s weight.
Steve and Peggy overhear a discussion between two men at the bar where one of them laughs about his son stealing a girl's snack because he "has a crush on her". The other man argues that it's not cute, it's bullying and asks what it will lead to in the future, asking if his son will understand that no means no (mention of rape with no details). He goes on to point out the hypocrisy of his friend's statement, arguing that he wouldn't react the same way if another child treated his own daughter that way.
Then he locked the phone, dropped it back into his pocket with the message unsent and put his game face firmly in place. The blonde woman looked at him with strangely cold, void eyes which didn’t match up with her smile. Tony’s skin crawled, but he nodded and smiled when she directed him to the staircase on the right.
“If you’re keeping me alive, I figure the least I can do is help,” Tony muttered.
“Okay. Ari. Hi.”
“Yeah,” Johnny nodded, his eyes boring into the floor.
“Where is his daughter?”
He accepted handshakes from several of the investors as they dispersed throughout the room. Angie was already deep in discussion with two about the One to One programme, while another had instantly caught Dr. Helen Cho to discuss medical research. They all looked interested and enthusiastic, and Steve breathed a sigh of relief.
He watched Banner smile at the kids who ran up to him when the talk was over until they were shuffled out by their parents, leaving Steve alone with him.
it,” Steve explained, feeling his face burn with embarrassment and fighting the urge to bury his face in his hands.
“Especially when they increased our health insurance premiums again. Must be nice not to have to worry about those kind of things.”
“For you? Always.”
Steve fought the instinctive response to turn towards whoever was calling his name. It was made easier by the fact that he wasn’t sure who, exactly, was shouting for him.
“Hey Hope.”
“Civilians?”
His hands were shaking as he disinfected the wound on his leg again, perched on the edge of the bathtub. Steve took a deep breath, hissing, “Motherfucker!” under his breath as the disinfectant stung the open cut, pain shooting up his leg. It wasn’t deep, the cut, but it was long. It ran from just below his kneecap, curving around his calf to an inch or so above his ankle.
“They’re not from me. This is from Peg and Daniel. This is from Angie. This one is Zoey’s, and this is from Evie Rose and it is time sensitive.” Steve piled the gifts onto the table in front of Tony, except for Evie Rose’s, which he handed straight to Tony.
“Yeah, I’m fine. What’s up?” he called.
Then he drifted off again, snuggling into the covers that smelled of Tony.
“Yeah. It opens at two am and closes at seven, so gotta get there early. Have fun on your date though.”
Tony smiled.
“Thought I could wave you off,” Steve joked, leaning on the railing. Below, the Quinjet shot out of the Tower, banking to the south west, no doubt carrying the rest of the Avengers.
“Ten minutes. Do you need to pee before we eat?”
“The kids,” Steve replied promptly. “That generation is going to change the world, and if I’m very lucky, I’ll be around to see it. Best thing about being… whatever you describe what you do?”
Steve frowned.
Tossing his helmet aside, Tony sprinted down into a ditch, where he heard someone yell, “Do something!”
“Sorry, puppy,” he smiled. “Were we ignoring you?”
“Mr Rogers, do you have any plans for the summer?” Naomi asked.
The Thing was going to drive her mad.
“Fine,” Natasha agreed. She squeezed Steve’s shoulder. “Take care of yourself though. I’d hate to see anything happen to you. And not just because of what it would do to this one,” she nodded to Tony.
here.”
“Since yesterday morning,” Steve replied automatically, then froze.
“No, it’s not,” Tony insisted. “I do not need online dating.”
“I asked you here because I like you and you’re my friend,” Bucky corrected firmly.
This was it. He was going to say goodbye to Tony, and then he would never see him again. Tears blurred his vision and Steve hung his head for a moment, letting his grief wash over him.
“Sure,” he nodded, climbing carefully off of Steve.
It was beautiful.
“You singlehanded revolutionised clean energy,” he listed, ticking them off on his fingers. “I guess the superhero thing is
“Sure,” Steve nodded, passing Hannah over. “Although, fair warning, she’s probably gonna decide she wants down in a minute.”
“If it’s a piggyback, sure,” Tony grinned.
“Bye Tony,” Steve said.
They were doctors. They were supposed to help people. It was right there in the job description and in the goddamn Hippocratic oath.
“No problem.” Tony waved him off, his eyes returning to Ellie. A small smile fought its way onto his face. “She seems happy.”
The crowd applauded as the band finished one song. A brief pause, then they struck up again.
Pressing their foreheads together, Steve panted, “Take me to bed?”
“I do. They are approaching from the aft.”
Steve gasped, breaking their kiss. When he could breathe again, he mouthed his way down Tony’s throat, biting down on his collarbone.
“I don’t speak Russian, honey.”
“Which is ridiculous,” he sniffed. “Because I’m delightful.”
Steve.
“Can you help me with question five?”
“I will call a team briefing, in an hour,” Tony said. “That gives Bucky time to get back from SHIELD, and you time to shower, and Clint time to remove that fluff from his face.”
“Tony!”
“They’re not talented, not a single one of them. They just happened to know the people in power. It’s insulting. And then, as if that wasn’t bad enough, they try to destroy everything I’ve worked for. My empire.”
“What was it?”
“No,” Tony admitted. “But we can wait a few hours until he wakes up before we call your social worker. So he can have a say in what happens next.”
“I didn’t tell her,” Peter said quietly.
“We heard the noise,” she explained. “Men in tracksuits. They used to own the building until Clint bought it. He chased them away. But they’ve been back, trying to get the building back from him. I looked out the window…”
“That and the fact I own the building and can toss these freeloaders out whenever I want,” Tony added.
“What are you doing here, Stark?” Coulson asked. “Usually we have to drag you in for meetings and suddenly you’re here of your own free will?”
Steve flipped him off as he let himself out of the house, but he was smiling as he made his way down the garden.
“Yeah. You’re right. As usual.”
Steve hummed. “We have a spare room. If that helps?”
“So,” Bucky began. “What’s going on?”
“Tracksuit Mafia, right,” Tony nodded. “Okay, first of all, we need a better name for them than that.”
“You ready?” Tony asked, his voice hoarse, kissing his way along Steve’s shoulder.
Tony smiled, that same, soft smile he wore when he spoke about Rhodey or Jarvis or Bucky, the paper-thin lines standing out around his eyes.
“What’s in that bag?” Evie Rose asked, trying to peer into the carrier.
“TV, sound system, Playstation, Wii.”
And just like that everyone was looking at him, with expressions ranging from curiosity to secretive smiles - Romanoff - and Steve’s skin crawled.
Steve glanced from left to right, at his hands wrapped around Steve’s biceps; when he looked back at Tony, his pupils were blown, his mouth falling open.
“I’m kidding!” he promised. But Tony caught him winking at Rhodey.
Tony turned and spotted Clint in the next bed, hooked up to the same type of IV as he was himself and with a swollen black eye.
“Check her pupils,” Natasha shrugged. “She’s blazing.”
“I’ll have those antibiotics for you tomorrow,” Bruce continued. “And… here’s my card. Feel free to give me a call.”
“She’s been off lately but it became so bad tonight that I couldn’t deal with it anymore. I will return later to collect her and I expect you to have answers for me, Dr. Banner, do I make myself clear?”
“You sure?” he asked Tony.
“You’re an Avenger!”
Nothing helped.
“Cheese,” Steve mumbled, his mouth full.
“What do you mean?”
“Long story,” he sighed. “This is Nick Fury, fifty six. He’s dehydrated, shortness of breath and a mild fever. I think it might be pneumonia but I’m hoping it’s just a chest infection and that’s what’s causing the fever.”
Natasha smirked. “You’re a terrible liar.”
“I’m Pepper,” the woman smiled. “I’m Happy’s girlfriend.”
Realising he was still clinging to Tony, Steve pulled back. They shared an awkward look then without a word, Tony helped Steve towards the shallow end and the steps, falling back when Steve’s feet reached the bottom of the pool.
“We are,” the lawyer confirmed.
Usually, when a person was caught staring, they were quick to look away or appeared shamefaced. But she just continued to stare at him with those cold, empty eyes and Steve felt his gut twist in discomfort.
“Places?”
, he recalled.
“Yeah, but I didn’t want to,” Steve pointed out, pulling a couple of paper towels from the dispenser. Something that Alexander had never challenged, he realised, compared to others who’d pushed him to go on to be more than ‘just a nurse’. “You never wanted me to be a doctor, did you? Too scared I might be better than you?”
“Yeah, I’m working on it,” Steve grimaced.
Tony pulled back, taking one last look at Steve, before sliding down the bed and settling between Steve’s legs. Steve fished for a pillow, shoving it under his head, so he could watch Tony without straining his neck, because he was pretty sure Tony giving him a blow job was something he wanted to see.
“Smile,” Steve grinned. His phone whooshed as he hit send on the picture. He’d emailed it to himself, but Stane didn’t need to know that. Hitting record, Steve added, “Don’t let me interrupt.”
“Alright, good to know,” Tony yelled back.
“Are you going to pay for the tests?”
Tony’s eyebrows shot up.
“That’s worrying,” Bruce muttered.
“I managed to get a locum for two weeks until her replacement gets here. I think you know him actually. He mentioned working with you.”
“Time?” Tony asked absently, pretending to bite Ellie’s fingers and sending her into peals of laughter.
Bucky mimed gagging, grabbing a bottle of beer too and disappearing back into his bedroom.
“We’re here,” Tony rasped.
“Did you hear they fished a guy outta the river?” he asked.
“Why?” Steve asked.
“Darling, I think your talents are best left out of the kitchen,” Peggy replied diplomatically.
“Or you can come upstairs to my lab and I can fit you out,” Tony said. “I’ll give you the friends and family discount.”
“It smells amazing,” Bucky declared, rubbing his hands together. “Looks amazing too,” he added as Natasha and Banner began carrying the dishes over and setting them out along the centre of the table.
Steve smiled. “I know you’re good for them.”
“Barnes! Quit slamming the door and- Oh my God, I’ve turned into my mother,” Tony realised. He shuddered.
Steve passed a copy of the contract to Tony before taking one for himself. He’d read it yesterday with Peggy, getting her to look it over with him and explain any terms he didn’t understand. It had her approval, which meant it had Steve’s approval. He read through quickly, checking that nothing had changed, leaving the detailed reading to Tony who had actual experience and knowledge of contracts.
“Thanks Steve,” she called. Exhaling slowly, Sharon turned back to Peter’s chart.
“Technically, yes,” Tony admitted. “But if I’m not here, I’m just going to worry about him. My mind’s not going to be on the meeting, I just, I can’t, Pepper. Sorry. If you really want me there, I can call in but be prepared for me to disappear suddenly if he throws up again.”
“Wow,” Tony blinked.
Tony smiled automatically, then rolled his eyes. Jesus, he was ridiculous. They’d been together for almost six months, he shouldn’t still be smiling at the mere sound of Steve’s voice.
“Sleep is for the weak,” Clint declared. Another yawn overtook him, stretching his face wide and leaving his vision blurry. “And apparently I’m really fucking weak.”
“Fuck,” he whispered.
“Huh? Oh, yeah, fine. Something I ate isn’t sitting right,” she lied.
Ellie squealed and Steve grimaced.
“Well, that’s certainly true,” he agreed. “Isn’t it, beautiful? Huh?”
Evie Rose smirked. Tony caught her eye and winked; she buried her giggles into her palm, while Steve rolled his eyes indulgently, playing the role of the injured party to full effect. Tony held the door for them, squeezing Steve’s shoulder impulsively as he passed, and was rewarded with an adorable smile.
Bruce flinched as the patient lunged for Dr. Pym, her teeth clacking together when she failed to bite Dr. Pym’s hand. He swallowed. He suddenly felt a very long way away from med school.
Steve took a shaky breath. He tried to swallow the lump in his throat. At least with Tony’s lie about his health, the lawyer could write off any emotion Steve was showing as fear of losing his friend.
Wilson jerked in surprise and then he hissed loudly and began to shake again. “Yeah… Yeah, kinda comes in, uh... waves.”
“He fell,” Steve explained.
And just like that, Tony’s good mood all but evaporated, only to be replaced by a deep sense of foreboding.
Rhodey hummed, running his hands over his head, and sighed. “So, we think Stane cut Stark out? Is that what we’re saying? Like, dirty dealings, under the table, that kind of thing?”
“You okay?” Tony asked, pulling away from the curb slowly.
He loved Tony. He was going to spend the rest of his life with Tony, probably marrying him, maybe even having kids together. This was it. Tony was it. He’d never be with anyone else again, because if they weren’t Tony, Steve didn’t want to be with him.
He gaped at Hank, his mouth hanging open, and Hank noticed the way his grip on the pen went impossibly tight. Hank was a surgeon; he was an expert at noticing the little things.
All eyes turned to the newcomer, sticking his head around the door.
“So what do you think?”
Tony crooked his finger.
Bucky shook his head. “All that story does is make me feel sorry for your ma.”
“You don’t all have to be here for this,” Steve protested, although he couldn’t deny that it felt good to have them here.
“Uh, yes, sir.”
“Peter Parker?” she read from the notes, glancing between the two teenagers waiting inside.
“That’s because you’re a little funny,” Johnny replied. From his expression, Sharon surmised it was an automatic response; for a second, Johnny looked worried, before relaxing when Peter chuckled and reached for his hand.
“Okay. I hope Steve feels better soon.”
Steve chuckled. “Sorry I’m not a woman, then.” His face fell. “I’m gonna miss you.”
“Can you bring me home a burrito from Luis’ food truck?”
Tony never finished, because as he turned around, Steve fisted his hand in his shirt and hauled him in because if he had to wait another second to kiss his husband, he was going to spontaneously combust. Tony started to chuckle, only to be cut off by Steve’s lips.
“Because you have this pathetic need to please people because you think if you do, they won’t leave you even though it’s never worked before.”
“To quote someone in this very room,” Stark continued, “I can do this all day. Now, this nice security officer is going to take you back into the waiting room, where you’re going to wait silently until it’s your turn. Like a good little dumbass.”
“Are you challenging me, Rogers?” Tony teased.
He heard the elevator doors open then Tony was pushing him back. Steve stumbled back, falling into the corner of the elevator. The handrail was digging into his back but he couldn’t help laughing because Tony was looking so proud of himself. Reaching for his boyfriend, Steve pulled Tony in, kissing him thoroughly while Tony pressed him further into the corner.
“Urgh, Doc, really?” Wade Wilson exclaimed. “I thought I was supposed to call you not the other way around.”
“So we’re doing this?” Tony checked.
He’d promised Pepper he wouldn’t use the app, and he’d meant it. But his phone was just sitting there, and it was a temptation, blinking up at him.
“Sap,” she snorted. “G’night.”
no noodles in his kitchen, and he’d never been to the Mermaid House.
The owner of the voice stepped forward, an agent wearing a vest emblazoned with
“Good point,” Tony gulped.
“You untangle them then, Tony Stark genius superman,” Clint snapped.
Tony chuckled, swinging his leg over the back of the bike. Steve watched his muscles bunch and shift beneath his jeans and felt a burst of heat in his gut.
Tony took a shaking breath then, his eyes fixed on Steve’s the entire time, he stepped forward and curled his hand around Steve’s wrist. By now, Steve’s heart was pounding so loudly, he felt sure that Tony must be able to hear it, even without enhanced hearing.
“Exactly.”
“It might,” Tony smiled, leaning in to kiss him. “Although, something that has come out of tonight: I have learned that having a kid around does very bad things for your blood pressure. You sure you want one?”
“So it’s a good thing I already set up a new tab and ordered us wings then, isn’t it?”
“I forgot one thing,” Steve said. He leaned in to kiss Tony. “I love you.”
Tony finished the video by blowing a dramatic kiss to the camera.
“I will be counting the seconds,” Steve deadpanned.
“Steven!”
“That was really stupid,” Tony declared.
“Thanks,” Steve smiled in relief. “I always wanted to be an artist when I grew up.”
“You’re weird, Steve Rogers.”
“Hey you,” Tony’s voice said in his ear, making Steve jump.
“Where is my boyfriend?”
“Okay…” Angie turned to her menu. “Waffles deluxe, side of corned beef hash, and half a grapefruit. Thanks.”
By the time he returned to the table, Steve had almost managed to get his heart rate under control, and prayed to God he wasn’t still blushing - the barista looked at him really oddly - when he sat down again. He needn’t have worried; there were two faint, but obvious, spots of colour on Tony’s cheeks that instantly made Steve break out into a grin.
“Will it though?”
Steve flopped onto his back with a huff, staring up at the ceiling and remembering his last heat, the one where Ellie was conceived.
Aw, hell.
Tony’s hand covered Steve’s own.
Ellie slapped her hands against the water, sending droplets flying and proving Steve’s point for him.
Steve was warm and comfortable, but someone was shaking his shoulder, dragging him into reluctant consciousness.
Kissing Tony was good because it was Tony.
“You- I- Oh wow,” Bruce sighed. “Wow. So you’re Tony Stark?
“No,” she replied instantly. Then she sighed. “Maybe?”
Tony smiled.
“Maybe we should, uh, just once more,” he suggested, already leaning in.
“We were attacked,” Tony said hoarsely. “The Tower. The Dreadnoughts attacked.”
“Bye. Have fun,” Try called, squeezing Steve’s ass as he climbed out of the booth.
Steve found himself glancing around, wondering if any of them knew Howard and what they would think if they knew he’d kept a mer captive in his pool. A chill ran down his spine. Maybe some of them did know.
The Starks’ eldest son.
“For a company that has his name on the building, I don’t think he’s ever set foot in it.” Rhodey rolled his eyes. Steve fought to keep his expression neutral. Rhodey continued, “The only thing he’s interested in is how much money we can make for him.”
Cables.
“What’s wrong?”
Steve nodded, preoccupied with the thought of something happening to Tony. When Tony leaned down for a quick kiss, Steve clung on to his shirt, desperate to hold on to him as long as possible, until Tony uncurled his fingers.
“Yes, I do,” Peggy murmured, leaning in to kiss Daniel. “Alright: drinks. Steve, Tony, help yourselves. Alcohol on that table, soft drinks on that one. And why are we all hiding in the kitchen? There’s a party going on.”
“I’ll go,” Stark volunteered.
He paused for a moment, taking a deep breath, and had just turned towards the next door when a crash echoed through the house. Steve’s head snapped in the direction of the noise and he waited.
Especially when Tony had no problem with Steve sucking a bruise into his neck ten minutes later after Peggy’s neighbour spent a little too long flirting with Tony at the snack table for it to be anything other than casual.
Joseph ran his fingers over his moustache, eyeing Steve critically. Steve kept his face as hard as possible, refusing to let him see any chinks in his armour. If there was one thing he knew about his father, it was that he never saw a flaw he couldn’t exploit.
“You know I would. Think about it, you don’t have to decide right now.”
“Seriously?”
Frigga leaned in and pinched his cheek before dancing into the exam room. Bruce raised his eyes to the ceiling and said a silent prayer for patience.
“How do you feel?”
Tony nodded. “Evie Rose held it a little too close to her birthday candles and the plastic melted. It’s his.”
“Really? Seems… unusual.”
“It’s okay, baby,” Steve smiled, leaning into Tony’s side. “I was small and skinny until I was sixteen, so I always got picked last. So we would’ve been picked last together.”
“I’m not just going to sit around and do nothing while Tony is missing!” Steve yelled.
“Oh.”
Tony nodded. “Originally he was my patient. I asked Romanoff if I could tap out. It was… too much. I spoke to him though. Later. Don’t know if I got through.”
“Many,
“Yeah. I know,” Tony sighed. “This feels personal. First Marco, now this. At least I know what he wanted to tell me about now.”
“She’s fighting in Af-ghan-istan,” Lorna announced.
“Michael would’ve loved you,” he murmured. “He was so good with pups.” He looked up. “What about you? Do you have anyone in the future?”
“Better yet, come with us,” Steve replied over his shoulder, letting Angie drag him back out onto the dance floor.
“You have the worst timing, Barnes,” Tony sighed.
Unfortunately, Tony didn’t seem to get the message, swimming after Steve and getting in the way of the net every time he tried to scoop trash out of the water. Steve could feel the irritation creeping up his spine.
“Still, just lie down,” Steve coaxed.
“Sir, Agent Romanoff is enquiring whether you and Mr Rogers will be joining the rest of the team for dinner,” JARVIS announced.
“May, nineteen eighty seven,” he replied. “Finals week. I forgot what daylight was. I forgot the taste of vegetables - seriously, I almost had scurvy. I forgot what a bed was. Then, finally,
“It was the best right hook I’ve ever seen,” Bucky grinned.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded. He leaned in to kiss Tony slowly. “I love you.”
His leg throbbed.
“Definitely the better deal.”
“That’s all folks!” Wade crowed and hung up before Tony could yell at him.
Tony went very still, but Steve could see him shaking.
“Hey Gary,” Clint called. “I need to talk to you.”
“Please do not call him a mermaid,” Steve warned. “He does not like it. At all.”
Complicated. That was how he’d described it to Tony all those months ago when he first moved into the Tower.
“Bye Bucky,” Steve called.
“Maria Hill. Paramedic. This way.” She led Stark down the road towards the accident, ducking below the police tape. “The driver said the Buick came out of nowhere, driving on the wrong side of the road and-”
The paramedic looked uncertain, but he set his jaw and nodded. Gritting his teeth, Tony pushed any doubts to the back of his mind and grasped the branch. “One… two… three.”
“Don’t act like you don’t help Peg out too,” Daniel retorted.
“Menace. You are a complete menace,” he declared.
“You’re ridiculous,” he informed Tony.
“I told you my favourite movie is
“What? Sorry?” Steve swallowed.
“Did I ever tell you about the time I almost got charged with contempt of court?” Steve asked.
“I’m going to the fish market in Long Beach.”
“So. Got everything?” she asked.
“Excuse me,” he called to one of the sellers. “Hi. I’m looking for these,” he explained, handing over his hastily scribbled list. “D’you have any of those?”
Steve laughed. It was good to have Tony home again. He’d missed him.
“Teamwork,” Tony smiled.
“Look, this isn’t exactly one hundred percent legal,” Steve snapped. “I know you think you’re the one taking the risk here, but you’re not. I am risking so much to ask for your help, and it’s only because I don’t see any other option. I can clean the shit out of that water, I can fix the pump, I can make sure he gets food. But I can’t figure out what’s wrong with him. Except for the fact that he was abandoned and left to die here. I
Shouts of affirmative came back to her from the fire crew and paramedics as she turned back towards the SUV. Stark was already hanging upside down through the sunroof again, murmuring reassurances to Laura. He glanced up as Maria approached - or was it down?
“Good.”
“Oh yeah, I remember that.”
“Sounds great,” Natasha murmured, brushing her lips against Sharon’s. “See you guys tonight.”
Less awesome was their six year old chaperone.
“No, but don’t get too close if you’re wearing anything that you can’t afford to lose or can’t get wet,” Steve warned.
“So. With that in mind, what do you want?” Tony asked, kicking open the door to their bedroom.
Shit.
Evie Rose raced into Steve’s bedroom, returning moments later with a hardback book clutched in her hands, thrusting it towards Tony. The dust cover was faded and the edges torn; Tony suspected this belonged to Steve when he was Evie Rose’s age.
“You can explain to her mom why she’s on a sugar high,” Steve decided.
Slowly, Steve opened his eyes and found Tony’s, a smile mirroring his own on his face.
Tony crawled up Steve’s body, sealing their mouths together in a kiss. Then he was nudging Steve onto his side, and a slick hand rubbed lube onto the inside of Steve’s thighs.
“I got seventy years of back pay to blow,” Bucky insisted. “And a boyfriend who doesn’t like shiny things. What d’you want?”
Natasha hesitated outside the exam room, before pushing the door open and facing Hogan and Pepper.
“What does it look like I’m doing?” she smiled.
Today his thumb hesitated over the message box, but then he heard keys in the lock and scrambled to his feet, locking his phone and slipping it into his pocket as he turned to face the door. Rhodey stumbled in, coming to a halt when he saw Steve standing there. Steve gave an awkward little wave, and Rhodey’s eyes narrowed as suspicion coloured his expression.
“No, you don’t,” Tony shook his head, a smile creeping across his face.
“Morning Pepper,” Coulson replied, glancing over his shoulder. “You missed the show, they’re just clearing up.”
Steve stood in the middle of the living area of his new Stark Tower apartment with Ellie against his chest, taking in the space that was big enough to fit the whole apartment he’d grown up in.
Steve inhaled sharply, glowering furiously at Tony and wishing he had more control so he could hide how close to home his words struck. He felt his lips wobble and clenched his jaw. “You’re such a fucking asshole,” he ground out. “I don’t know why I’m wasting my time with you.”
Despite his earlier words about not caring if Steve liked the Avengers, he could read the relief in his boyfriend’s eyes. Steve glanced between Tony’s eyes and his lips, his stomach twisting in anticipation, before leaning in and kissing Tony gently. The kiss deepened and when Tony pressed his palm into Steve’s sternum, Steve allowed himself to be pushed backwards until his back hit the elevator wall.
“Nee!”
“I need a drink,” he panted when they broke apart.
Following the instructions on his phone - and the notes he’d made from Tony’s explanation - Steve managed to replace the sand in the filter. Then he fought with the backwashing hose, grinning in triumph when he managed to get it attached. It took him longer than he wanted to admit to figure it out, but eventually he managed to get it to work and the filter was backwashed.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Sure you are. I’m taking Sharon to the movies. See you later.”
living there, so he’d made the decision: the house would go, and then the land could be sold. Privately, he’d decided the money from the sale would go to Bruce’s new conservation project. After all, Steve didn’t need the money, not anymore.
Steve kissed his collarbone. “Yeah. What is it?”
“I don’t know, are you really expecting rationale from the maniac who kidnapped us?”
?” Steve teased.
that through the mess of his last relationship falling apart, it led to him gaining Angie as a roommate and a friend. He would almost say he would go through it all again if it meant he came out of it with her friendship at the end.
“Jealous?” Tony teased.
“Don’t get used to it,” Steve smiled, before sliding his mask back in place to face the hoard of cameras waiting outside.
Steve pushed himself down onto Tony’s fingers. He gasped, heat dancing along his spine, his back bowing as Tony’s fingers brushed his prostate.
Steve felt Tony go still behind him, the tension in his body that meant he was thinking about something uncomfortable. Steve nudged him gently.
“A round of applause? What am I- on the USO circuit again?” Steve teased, lifting Ellie out of Tony’s lap to dry her off.
“You’re allergic, aren’t you?”
“Everyone, this is Steve. Steve, this is everyone,” Tony explained. “Stop staring, you idiots.”
Banner, unless knowing what he looked like when he came counted. Banner was one of the many faces he’d lost in a haze of grief and alcohol when he moved to LA.
October crawled into November, the skies turning greyer and the nights growing longer, and life went on as normal. Or as normal as it coulda Steve supposed, when you were dating a billionaire superhero. But despite everything, it was normal.
Steve had a love-hate relationship with clubbing. He loved the noise and the press of bodies, being close to people without ever actually needing to talk to them. He loved the thrum of the music, the pounding bass that reverberated through his bones. He loved losing himself in the music, all his cares slipping away under the flashing lights. It was easy to be the confident, charismatic person everyone expected him to be when he went clubbing.
“That was the polite way of saying the get the fuck of here before I kill you.”
“Um, Spanish, Japanese, German.... Is it Russian?”
“No, I’m cold,” Steve whined.
Scott’s lips twitched and he snorted. “Yeah, that sounds plausible.”
Tony blinked and then an expression of delight spread across his face. He picked up a raw prawn and tossed it into the air to catch with his mouth. “Enjoy,” he grinned.
He refused to accept the alternative.
“Pepper,” he interrupted. “I’ve got this. Relax.”
“Yeah, we totally did that,” Tony giggled.
“Don’t be mean to the man who’s trying to cure you. Okay, you can put your shirt back on. Never I thought I’d be saying that to you,” he added. “I’m gonna get you a scan. I don’t know what it is but I don’t like the look of it.”
“My apologies,” Steve grinned. “Ironheart. Now, when she’s not saving the world, she’s known as Riri Williams and she’s busy taking the science world by storm as one of the top students in the Stark Industries Youth Project, which is currently working with over a hundred schools across America, helping kids from all backgrounds reach their full potential.
“Okay,” Tony nodded, reluctantly releasing Steve. His hands dragged over Steve’s waist and arms as he climbed out of the water.
Tony folded his arms on Steve’s chest and hooked his chin over them.
“Hardly,” Alexander sniffed.
Steve’s mouth opened, a soft sound of surprise vibrating in his chest that, Tony realised with a thrill, he could feel where they were pressed together. Tony deepened the kiss, even as it left him breathless, curling his hand further into Steve’s hair to hold him close. His insides were melting, he was turning into a pile of goo, and it was all Steve’s fault, and Tony didn’t even care. Steve’s hands gripped Tony’s hips, and a thrill ran through him, all the way down to his toes.
on the screen, Steve picked it up, swiping to answer while he turned down the volume on his laptop.
“Two six one eight six one two seven seven zero,” MJ added.
He definitely remembered a conversation with Matt and Bucky over wings at Josie’s about telling Steve about Matt’s alter ego.
“Tony,” Steve keened as Tony wrapped his hand around Steve’s dick and began jerking him off.
“I’m gonna stick this in the freezer before someone gets their hands on it.”
“That sounds like a good idea,” Tony grinned, wrapping his arm around Steve’s waist and pulling him flush against his side. “I’ll take you home and make loud and passionate love to you.”
“And I’ve got seventy years of back pay to waste and a boyfriend who won’t let me buy him diamonds,” Bucky waved him off. “Relax, Steve. I got this. Or, more accurately, the army’s got this.”
He hesitated.
“Hi,” Tony whispered.
“No.”
Steve chuckled.
“I am,” Steve interrupted, without a moment of hesitation. “I am. It’s just… strange.”
Tony flicked up the faceplate and grinned at him. He flew closer, leaning over the railing to kiss Steve. With that proximity, Steve was able to hear when Bucky’s voice came over Tony’s comms, yelling, “Stop making out with your boy toy and let’s go, Stark!”
“I am.”
“You might have a concussion,” Sharon smiled. She checked Peter’s pupils but they were both the same size. “We’ll get you a CT scan. Just in case. You were wearing a helmet?”
Hank turned to Romanoff, raising an eyebrow at her and feeling a wave of delight at her expression. Who knew all it would take to wrong-foot the ever cool and collected Dr. Romanoff was one of her nurses expounding the virtues of Anthony Stark?
Lang really was an idiot.
Onto the next item on the list: component maintenance.
The cry was weak and faint and had Tony’s heart jumping into his throat. He scrambled to his feet, hurrying through the apartment to the bathroom, where he found Steve leaning over the sink, his arms trembling as they attempted to keep him up.
“We have no
“Hey,” Tony said, running his hand up over Steve’s bicep. “What’s going on with you tonight?”
“Thanks,” Steve smiled.
Steve raised an eyebrow, recalling the time Tony told him about his first attempt to fly which resulted in him slamming into a wall.
“I don’t know the technical terms but yeah, that sounds about right. How can we prove it?”
When the elevator doors, Steve followed the sound of the Avengers’ voices into the communal kitchen. He found them gathered around the table, which was covered in gifts and discarded wrapping paper. Liho darted around the table legs, batting a discarded bow between her paws.
“It’s fine. The bump is sitting on my bladder again so I can’t sleep. What’s up?”
“Of course,” Steve nodded.
“You don’t think I can be a team player?” Tony arched his eyebrows.
Tony cupped Steve through his jeans, stroking him slowly, drawing a groan from Steve.
“Fine. T-shirt, tight, maybe white, but not the ones you wear to go clubbing. Jeans, the good ones from H&M, that make your ass look good. If you wanna wear a jacket, wear that blue one you got when we went to Boston, but make sure you take it off when you get there, because your forearms are to die for.”
“I’m Captain America.”
They were a cute couple.
Tony frowned, staring after him.
Steve frowned, tilting his head as he studied Dr. Banner. There was something vaguely familiar about him, but Steve brushed it off. Where on earth would he have met a marine biologist?
“I thought you brought me along because you said I was moping,” Steve replied.
“What?”
Tony frowned at him. “I hate you.”
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, his shoulders rising and falling as he took a breath. “Thanks. I know it wasn’t what we planned, but I had a good time.”
The cat glared at him, sticking out his tongue, and Tony wanted to adopt the behemoth right there.
Tony stepped into his space, leaning up to kiss his cheek. Steve didn’t realise until it was too late that Tony, the sneaky bastard, was using it as an opportunity to press his wrist to Steve’s forehead.
“Hey Matt,” Foggy called. “Matt!”
Tony grinned.
Steve felt tears prick his eyes because that was Arnie, who he’d known most of his life, longer even than Bucky, and he still sounded the same. Pushing open the door, Steve pulled on a smile as he stepped into the room.
“With Bucky, following in his truck.”
“I think I know just the place. Follow me.”
“But do you want it?”
“You love him? Wow.”
Steve readjusted his arms, tightening his hold, and buried his face in Tony’s neck to breathe in the familiar smell of his cologne and the undertone of coconut that Tony always seemed to have. He felt Tony rest his cheek against the top of his head.
“I considered ending it,” he admitted quietly. “I don’t like sitting around, doing nothing while he’s in danger. It’s not who I am. But I’m sure who I am anymore. Being with Tony, it’s changed a lot of things about me.”
“What… do you… want?” Steve repeated, kissing Tony’s neck.
Steve swallowed.
“Okay. Home?”
“Yeah, but turns out getting your brain hijacked by a demigod bent on world domination does,” Clint muttered. “SHIELD gave me a payout,” he shrugged. “After the whole… Loki of it all.”
Steve ran his hand over the backpack and wondered if it was worth it.
Steve hummed his agreement, scanning the room for some hint of why they’d all been summoned for a meeting. The Principal was at the front of the room and at her side stood a woman in a sharp suit with her hair pulled back into a painfully tight ponytail. His heart sank a little at the prospect of a lecture. He wanted to get out of here as quickly as possible. He had plans tonight.
It had been a
“What? I can’t just call you to chat?”
Carol’s face became carefully composed as she nodded slowly. “Yeah. I knew him. Knew of him mostly. We didn’t work together.”
“You?”
Nefaria’s watch beeped, drawing his attention. Delight filled his features.
“What?” Arnie smirked. “You don’t think it’s possible? Maybe I’m wrong; after all, you know him better than I do.”
“Pepper.”
Tony swallowed. “How much would you hate me if I kissed you?”
“You gonna give my money back?” Clint grinned sardonically.
“It’s not fair,” Pepper whispered. “He was going to propose to me tonight.”
“Technically I gave you a watch.”
“Sounds pretty perfect to me.”
When they broke apart, Steve beamed at him. He really needed to stop looking at Tony like that, it made his heart do funny things in his chest and Tony had a heart condition. He couldn’t have his heart doing funny things.
He’d forgotten that.
For a moment, time stopped.
“I think help is an understatement of what you’ve done today, Steve,” Pepper said. “I’m pretty sure you just saved the day. Thank you.”
“JARVIS, get me an elevator,” Tony yelled, sprinting down the stairs to the first floor of the penthouse where JARVIS, bless his code, had the elevator ready and waiting to whisk him straight down to the armoury. Tony raced into the room where he kept his suits, stepping into the latest model and shooting out of what Bucky had dubbed “the trapdoor”.
“Actually, I can,” Tony replied absently.
“I thought, now that Johnny’s injuries have been treated,” Sharon explained, “These two could use the opportunity to see each other. And also, I have some news. Johnny, Dr. Stark told me that you were avoiding a red Buick on the wrong side of the road when your bike crashed, is that right?”
The next cage held a grey tabby who was rubbing up against the bars, blinking up at Tony with liquid green eyes.
“Yes,” Alexander smirked. “Dr. Danvers and I had a nice long chat about how we both know Tony. You know she worked at Mass General back then?” He chuckled. “That’s fortunate.”
“Uh, it’s going,” Clint replied. “Hey, did you know Gary in CT has a tattoo of your face?”
“You wrote this?” Steve asked when Rhodey handed it over.
Maybe.
(Steve had read the articles online. He knew that although it was supposedly okay for omegas to have pups out of bond now, there was still a lot of judgement and condemnation for it. He wanted a little longer with just him and his pup before he exposed her to that.)
“I hate you all,” he declared.
“That’s kinda weird,” Steve mused. Perhaps Tony Stark had removed his own belongings following his parents’ deaths, but it seemed strange that he would take them and nothing else, not even some of the paintings which Steve recognised as being by successful if not particularly famous artists.
“Check for Clint while you’re there,” Tony called.
Aw, Dodgy Darren, no.
But maybe not.
Shoutout to
“Hey, am I interrupting?” Tony’s voice came from the doorway.
Tony hummed in agreement.
“You know, I know a lot of doctors,” Frigga said. “And a lot of them? They have their heads so far up their own asses, that they couldn’t see the sun if it was blinding them. Why do you want to be a doctor?”
“I missed you!”
“Well, it’s the first time I’ve had to worry about someone else as well,” Tony shrugged.
Steve clung to him, dropping his chin onto Tony’s shoulder, and focused on breathing.
“Dr. Romanoff, how about that tour now?” Alexander continued.
“What did you think of him?”
Steve jumped, his head snapping up, and his eyes fell on Obadiah Stane, standing on the other side of the smoking oil drum.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and Steve burrowed into the warmth of his embrace, taking comfort from Tony’s mere presence and his arms, so strong and secure, holding him close.
They put their dirty bowls and spoons into the dishwasher and Bucky returned the rest of the ice cream to the freezer. Steve had a feeling they would be needing it over the coming days.
He heard Thor’s raucous laughter coming from the direction of the bar and caught a glimpse of purple by the buffet table which made him groan. Surely Natasha didn’t let Clint wear his purple tuxedo? Tony considered tracking him down, before deciding he didn’t care. Clint wasn’t his problem tonight. They were off-duty Avengers, which meant it wasn’t his job to keep Clint in line. He could enjoy himself.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’re lucky I love you.”
“How about tomorrow?” Tony suggested. “Come over to the penthouse. I’ll make you dinner. You can spend the night if you want.”
“He threw up last night and had a fever of over a hundred and one.”
going to be.”
“What?”
Before Clint could crow about Thor’s support, Tony pointed out, “That’s the man who unironically wore a soul patch until we removed it, which tells you a lot about his taste.”
“Tony?” Bucky asked.
“How are you?” Edwards smiled brightly.
“I shouldn’t have said that, that’s too much, I’m sorry-“
“I’ll do it,” she ground out. “But you owe me.”
“I don’t know,” Marci mused on Foggy’s other side, eying Matt and Bucky speculatively. “It’s kinda hot. What?” she asked when Tony and Foggy turned to stare at her in disbelief. “They’re hot guys, and they’re making out. That is literally the plot of hundreds of porn movies.”
Tony helped Steve to his feet, guiding him to the bathroom so he could clean his teeth and get the taste of bile out of his mouth. He grabbed the bathroom trash can on the way out of the room, tucking it into the side of the bed once Steve was lying down.
“Sorry, honey,” Tony whispered, kissing his forehead. “Avengers alarm. I gotta go.”
“Zoey’s being
“Stay away from Tony,” Steve warned. “In fact, stay away from both of us. This time I really am done with you.”
“On it,” Tony added, raising his tablet. “I’ve got JARVIS decoding all the files we picked up as we speak.”
“Come on, man wench,” Bucky called, offering Matt his arm.
“Thinking about filing my retirement papers,” he admitted and Steve’s face lit up. “I just… Why wait? We both want this, right?”
“You’re one tough little lady, aren’t you?” Natasha laughed.
“How much coffee have you had tonight?”
“Okay?” he asked, running his hand down Steve’s side.
Steve gave her an easy smile and sat down in the empty chair next to her.
“I’m still coming with you,” Steve pointed out.
“And you are dating Tony Stark, correct?”
“I'll make it up to him.” Tony studied Steve over the top of his sunglasses. “You okay?”
“Hey Steve! Steve, this way.”
“I just wondered if you were going to see him again,” Tony muttered.
Tony reared back, his expression stunned, as though Steve had slapped him. Which, in a way, he had.
“There was a party, we were drunk. It was stupid.”
“I kind of want to shoot your father though.”
What if Steve didn’t want him here? What if this was too much? He was being annoying, no one should wake their boyfriend up at four in the morning. It was rude. This was wrong, he shouldn’t be here. He should just leave now before Steve saw him and told him to leave.
“Were you nervous? When you met my friends?”
Natasha bit back a smile. Bruce was adorable in the way all new interns and residents were, full of the passion and fire she struggled to keep alive some days.
“I think that sounds like a yes,” Tony said.
Obadiah Stane.
“Take out the branch!”
“Holy shit!” he exclaimed.
“Hey!” Steve objected.
Tony sighed. “Thirteen years. Thirteen years, Steve, and still I can’t get you trained.” He grinned and poked Steve with his big toe. “What am I gonna do with you?”
Clint winced. “That might be my fault…”
“Has the jury reached a unanimous verdict?” the judge asked.
“Because I need to make you lunch,” Tony replied patiently. “C’mon, honey.”
Tony was standing in front of the mirror, a tub of concealer in hand, when Steve let himself into the bathroom.
“That could be an interesting conversation,” Tony mused.
“Thanks, Steve. I… I needed this,” Tony continued, rocking Ellie slowly. “I am having a really bad day. But she just made everything okay.”
“Impatient,” Tony teased, kissing Steve’s knee.
“Thanks, J,” Tony replied, sitting back. He ran his hand through Steve’s hair, smiling at the way it was sticking up. “I’ll be right back.”
“You think this pain’s real?” Matt asked hopefully.
Steve pulled back, just enough so he could look Tony in the eye.
He was tracing the patterns with his finger when movement drew his eye towards the window again. Steve spun around, staring at the green-tinged water and fighting the foreboding trickling down his spine.
“What the hell is going on?” Clint yelled.
Angie struck a pose; although Steve had already seen her in her dress, but with her smoky eyes and ruby red lips, the whole picture was breathtaking. She looked every inch the 1920s flapper girl.
“This does feel slightly anticlimactic,” Tony added. “Considering you already have complete access to the Tower.”
When the last student filed out of the door, Steve took a moment to look around the room. This had been his workplace for the last five years, the first place where he’d felt confident in his abilities as a teacher.
“Beautiful,” Tony breathed.
“Uh, should I ask?” a new voice asked.
“Mr Stane!” Sharon gasped, scrambling off of the desk and hastily rebuttoning her shirt. “Um, I… thought you weren’t going to be back for a while.”
“Yeah.”
Steve let himself slide down beneath the covers, putting aside his now-empty mug and calling, “JARVIS, can you get the TV please? Thanks,” he added when the windows dimmed and the TV appeared on the glass.
“Hey Cap,” Rumlow replied, hefting a box onto his shoulder.
“It wasn’t me,” Tony sighed, dropping a slice of butter into the skillet. “It was Foggy and Marci. With help from Bucky.”
“So we’re in the calm before the storm?” Tony said.
Which was why Steve gave his dad the address when he asked to meet him, because he knew none of the Avengers would walk in to get coffee or a Danish and potentially end up meeting his father.
“Alright. See you punk.”
“I can see that,” Stark nodded, an amused smile playing on the edges of his lips. “The question is: why?”
Steve bit his lip.
“You started it,” Tony pointed out. His eyes flickered up automatically when Natasha walked over to Hank and Pierce, drawn by the movement. “And done,” he announced, closing the file and leaning over to drop it into the tray.
“So how are you?” Tony asked, trailing after him.
Bucky jumped off of the desk, shuffling towards the front of the room with his hands stuffed into his pockets.
Before he’d even finished speaking, Ellie started wriggling in his arms, reaching for Steve and whining loudly.
Steve dropped his spoon to cover Tony’s hands with his own, squeezing his wrist in what he hoped was a comforting move.
“What? Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Thank you.”
“Yeah, me too,” Tony agreed. “See you.”
“Something had to go wrong, or you’d be getting laid.”
“Or she was one, in another life,” Steve joked.
The man grunted and turned away. Tony couldn’t blame him. Here they were, so obviously not homeless, wandering in and asking questions. If he still had access to the fortune he was born with, he would’ve given it to them without a second thought.
Steve knew that wouldn’t go well.
As Tony began to snap his hips forward, Steve trailed his fingers over Tony’s shoulders, into the dips and curves of Tony’s chest, skimming the edge of the arc reactor before running them down his arms. Tony shivered. Fire pooled in his stomach, and he picked up his pace.
He watched Tony carefully, grinning when Tony snorted.
“My life is now complete,” she deadpanned and Stark burst out laughing.
“Oh, I definitely did.”
“But you were the only one who did.”
“Yeah,” she waved him off. “It’s his favourite book.”
“Sure,” Clint shrugged. “But she wasn’t a whole high school student older than me.”
“What? This isn’t glamorous enough for you?” Tony teased.
“True,” Tony sighed.
“I was just outside. In January. It’s twenty three degrees out there.”
“Is that me?” Tony asked quietly.
“So,” Sharon smirked at Rhodey, “Do you think Stark’s going to be here?”
One of the tenets of urbex - at least for Steve - was never to force access to a property. Trespassing was one thing, but breaking and entering was another. Besides, Steve loved those properties; he wasn’t about to destroy them just so he could explore. To him, that defeated the purpose of the whole thing.
“I have an idea.” Dr. Stark filled a tub with water from the sink, taking it and a cloth and sitting opposite Johnny. He soaked the cloth and laid it over his shirt where it was stuck to his arm. “Here we go. Just give it a minute. So, if your boyfriend is in here getting treated, why are you lurking outside like a vampire waiting to be invited in?”
He negotiated the crowded dive bar, raising a hand to catch Josie’s attention and raising his empty glass. She nodded, and a few seconds later, he had a fresh scotch on the rocks in hand. But when he made it back to their booth, they were all still making out.
“Want me to stop?” Tony asked, trying to keep his hips as still as possible, but unable to stop them jerking forward entirely. If Steve was oversensitive, he didn’t want to push him.
Nothing.
“Then go bug Barton,” Tony suggested.
Tony frowned. “I don’t understand. How can it be from then if you only had the idea a few weeks ago?”
Putting his phone aside, Tony rolled out of bed with a groan and padded through to the bathroom where he stripped out of his clothes for a much needed shower.
“They went to the zoo last week,” Steve supplied.
Climbing into the limo, Steve instantly cuddled up as close to Tony as his wings would allow. He breathed deeply, Tony’s hand a comforting weight, stroking up and down his thigh, inching closer and closer to his groin every time. Steve tipped his head back against the headrest, letting it fall to the side so he was gazing into Tony’s face.
Suddenly a flash of blue sent one of the Dreadnoughts spinning into a wall. Steve jumped, but Coulson barely even blinked.
Steve leaned forward. “Bruce, Angie says stop being boring.” He sat back. “Happy?”
“He’s a vet and I think he might be homeless,” Tony continued, because if he didn’t he was going to reach down the phone line and throttle Wilson. “Is there anywhere you can think of that he might be?”
“Always,” Tony grinned. “I seem to recall someone saying something about making quiet but passionate love or something? I don’t know who it was but I believe he was ruggedly handsome, effortlessly charming, ridiculously sexy.”
The two staircases met in a landing which overlooked the ballroom, he discovered. Tony paused for a moment, creating an entrance worthy of Tony Stark even though his heart wasn’t in it, before descending the final steps into the ballroom.
Steve groaned, arching his back.
I am still best friends with them both to this day.”
“Yeah,” Tony replied. “He is.”
“I lost my job.”
“You could break Twitter?” Tony suggested. He leaned over and started cutting Steve’s chicken into bitesize chunks. “We have an official Avengers account that we’re currently only using for Thor’s gym selfies.”
“It was no big deal,” Tony shrugged.
“That’s good.”
Tony studied him.
“Useless,” he muttered. “You’re useless.”
“I am. Are you in the Army?”
“Well, I’d advise you to get a lawyer,” Tony explained. “One that specialises in real estate so they can check the contracts. Usually a survey is a good idea. If you’re planning on changing what the building’s used for-”
“Yeah. Why not? Unless you want to keep using them. Which, totally cool.”
“Steve,” Arnie said softly. “You’ve told me everything he’s done for you and Ellie.”
“Are you sure Natasha even likes cats?” Steve asked.
He glanced up and found Tony smiling at him.
“Go looking for fights.”
“No,” Steve teased, trying to rid himself of the residual tension which lingered despite having Tony in his arms.
He clung to Tony as he jerked them off, setting a punishing face. It was hard, fast and so, so good. Steve’s toes curled as his breath came in ragged gasps, and he dug his fingers into Tony’s biceps.
Tony squinted at Thor as he made his way towards the ramp. “Your ex-god-friend threw you around like you were frisbee and you’re walking around like it’s nothing. How?”
. Steve ignored it.
His stomach swooped, and his breath caught in his throat. He bit his lip, before shuffling closer, tucking his head under Tony’s chin. Tony began slowly rubbing Steve’s bicep through his shirt. Steve reached out and squeezed Tony’s knee.
“You could literally be my grandfather.”
Steve snorted. “Very funny.”
“You wanna get coffee?”
“Know what?” Steve asked.
There were very few photos of Tony Stark. Certainly none as an adult; after all, it was well known the man was a recluse. Had been ever since his parents died.
“Turns out they don’t approve of you cheering from the gallery,” Steve shrugged. “Totally worth it though. Peg was killing it.”
The pressure built low in Tony’s gut, he slammed into Steve once, twice, then on the third thrust he came with a shaky gasp. Time slowed, and Steve moaned below him.
“Nothing.”
Arnie was old, yes, but that didn’t mean anything. Not now. People lived longer than ever thanks to modern medicine and better living standards.
“I did,” she yawned.
“That’s… good?”
“Looking for Nick Fury.”
And Steve loved Tony more than anything, but he wondered if that was enough.
“Don’t drop anything. Or trip over your feet,” Bucky smirked.
Steve gaped up at him.
Then he remembered that Steve loved him too and grinned.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Hey.”
“I may have some experience with that phenomenon,” he admitted, before leaning in to kiss Steve’s neck.
He kicked off the covers, finding his jeans on the floor before retrieving his hoodie from his backpack and pulling it over his head. He shoved on his glasses and checked his hearing aid as he padded barefoot down to the main level of the penthouse, where JARVIS had the elevator waiting for him.
Steve shrugged. “And someone very smart told me that I deserved to be happy.”
But gaining access to the Stark Mansion wasn’t going to be a problem; when Steve reached the top of the steps leading up from the garden, he instantly spotted no fewer than three possible entry points to the house. But as far as he was concerned, there was only one: the sliding door which led to the swimming pool.
“You don’t need to worry about me,” Steve insisted.
It made Steve feel better than any of the people he’d slept with when he moved to LA.
“He’s waking up!” MJ exclaimed as Tony saw Fury’s hand twitch and his face scrunch.
“Alright, I know I’m irresistible but get out of here,” Tony chuckled.
He could see it all. He was still working on believing though.
“What’s your problem with humans, anyway?” Steve snapped.
For this first time maybe ever, with the exception of Pepper, he was in this for the long haul.
God, he really was going to die at the hands of some James Bond villain reject, wasn’t he? Tony shook his head, trying to dislodge the roaring in his ears as he fought to stay conscious.
He looked up at Pepper and she gave him a look filled with pride and love, leaning over to kiss his forehead.
Steve was too good. He couldn’t mean that, he couldn’t. He would get tired and change his mind eventually. Tony knew it. But for now, Steve was holding him and running his hand over Tony’s spine and whispering reassurance in his ear and Tony allowed himself to lean on Steve just this once.
“Stop showing off,” Steve retorted.
“Can he?” Tony grinned.
Tony’s grip went lax. He released Steve’s shoulder, then rolled onto his back, leaving Steve feeling bereft of his warmth. Pulling the condom from his dick, Steve sat up just long enough to toss it into the trash, before lying down again and curling into Tony’s side, tucking his head underneath Tony’s chin.
“Yes,” he nodded.
“Why?” Steve frowned.
Steve opened his mouth to protest when he was hit by the memory of the fire department being called to their apartment because of the toaster he’d tried to fix, and decided staying silent was the wisest course of action.
As he made his way back towards the pool, something struck him: nowhere in the house was there any sign of a second boy having lived there. Other than a few photos he’d seen in the fake library and a painting in the ruined great room, there was no reference at all to Tony Stark, while Arno’s room remained enshrined to his memory.
“Just because you’re paranoid, doesn’t mean they’re not out to get you,” Matt agreed.
“Yeah, alright. I’ll give it a go,” Steve nodded.
“Yeah,” Tony replied unconvincingly.
“Thanks, kid,” Steve sighed, wondering if this was the same girl who, not a year ago, spent the entire afternoon bigging him up to Tony.
“You are so far from angelic, it’s unbelievable. And don’t pretend you didn’t pick it out with less than angelic intentions.”
He kissed his way up the inside of Tony’s thigh, nosing at the crease of his hip before kissing the base of his cock.
“Positive.”
“Alright. Which way…” he wondered. “This one,” he decided, setting off down the corridor to the left of the front door.
“Not an unusual occurrence though, I’m sure. You’re a young man, handsome. Why did this stand out?”
“It is real,” Jessica muttered.
“I’m not done with you!” Turning back to Johnny, she added, “How could you be so irresponsible? You put him in danger. That is, that is beyond irresponsible! If you wanna risk your life on that deathtrap, that’s your choice, although God knows what your parents are thinking letting you run around on that thing-”
Bucky tossed the plastic container; Steve caught it with one hand.
“He arrived at the party while we were upstairs.”
“Reinforced,” he realised. “This is like a bomb shelter.”
“Thank you,” she preened. “What d’you want?”
“Okay, how do I tell if it needs backwashing?”
Their drinks finished, they left the cafe, Tony leading the way towards what looked like a very expensive sports car, where he stopped and turned back to Steve.
“For real?”
“I was actually looking for you. Although I didn’t know you were you,” Steve added quickly. “I mean, I didn’t know we’d met. No. I didn’t know you were a marine biologist. Or maybe I did. I can’t remember. Um. Should I stop digging?”
“You gonna stand there all night?” Steve teased. “I believe I was promised quiet by passionate love?”
SLIGHTLY SPOILERY WARNINGS: minor illness
“That was nothing,” Thor grinned. “Amora did worse when we were together. Many times.”
“Tony said you finish early Tuesday and Thursday. This is Thursday. Come on, I’m gonna try and steal Matt for an hour. You’ll love him. He’s an asshole.”
“You only like him because he bought you ice cream,” Steve pointed out.
“I know I’m weak,” Steve explained, his voice wobbling. “Not standing up to him. I don’t need anyone else to tell me that.”
“Yes, dear?”
He couldn’t.
Tony snorted.
Tony shifted uncomfortably. “Yeah, well,” he shrugged. “I just wanna see Fury’s reaction when he finds out he has a kid. Ten bucks says his head spins around like that kid in
Sighing, he untangled his laces, grimacing when he poured water out of his boots before tossing them aside. He wrestled himself out of his socks, wringing them out and dropping them on the floor by his abandoned t-shirt. At least he’d decided to wear board shorts today instead of jeans; they would dry quickly.
“Yeah, well, see if I buy you your favourite Thai green curry again.” She stuck out her tongue at him. “And hey, don’t worry about tonight. You’re gonna be fine. I know it. Even if you are a dick,” she added, poking him in the side.
“Okay,” Bruce replied. He put the file of the girl he’d just released into the appropriate tray then crossed the nurses’ station, following Clint and Scott towards the waiting room. “Who?”
“Thank you, Mr Rogers, Your Honour,” Walters nodded, returning to her seat.
“It’s fine,” Steve replied. “Turns out I was pregnant when I went into the ice. Her sire… It’s complicated.”
He released the drunk, pushing him towards Happy from security, who was waiting and instantly took the drunk by the shoulder, escorting him into the waiting room.
Bruce let out a surprised laugh and Frigga beamed at him. Dammit, he liked her.
Good.
“What’s your problem?” he snapped.
“I have to go,” he repeated apologetically.
Tony grinned. “Welcome to the madhouse.”
“Right,” he said. “Anyway, I have presents.”
EDIT: Look at the amazing artwork of the kiss by Charlie! How incredible is that?? Huge thank you to pensivegrace and
Steve rolled his eyes but secretly he loved how easily Tony seemed to accept Ellie. Bruce looked a little uneasy, in the way that alphas usually looked uneasy around pups, compounded no doubt by his fear of what the Hulk could do to her.
Back at the apartment, they sprawled out on the sofa, eating junk food and watching mindless TV until Bucky joined them in the evening, bearing Thai food and more ice cream. Over dinner, he filled them in on his own turn on the stand, before bidding them goodnight so he could call Matt.
“Couldn’t sleep,” Steve shrugged, pushing his hands into the pocket of his hoodie and twisting a loose thread around his finger. “What’s going on?”
“How do you do that?” Clint wondered, leaning against the counter.
“Aye aye, Captain!”
“You would think so,” Tony agreed, picking up Steve’s suitcase, “But I’ve been reliably informed that’s not the case.”
“What?”
“We’re reading the articles about Uncle Steve,” Angie informed her.
“I’m sorry for not telling you.”
“I don’t know,” Tony frowned in mock-seriousness. “I’m getting old. I might not have that many left in me.”
“Nervous?” Tony asked. “It’s out there now.”
“Oh, right.”
The sky was still dark outside the windows, the stars hidden by light pollution, and the common floor was shrouded in darkness, shadows looming from every direction. Even without JARVIS’ directions, Steve would’ve found the briefing room easily; it was the only room lit up.
“You have Stark,” Rhodey argued.
Steve snorted. “You? You don’t even know what I want.”
Tony sniffed. “Would you really say I’m an asshole? I don’t think I am.”
They lapsed into silence. Tony breathed in the familiar scent of Steve’s shampoo, burying his face in his soft blond hair and watched their fingers dance around each other with a soft smile.
“Uh, sure,” Steve replied, before sneezing loudly.
“I reviewed the footage. Nothing went near him. And honestly? I think it might’ve started before then. I don’t know. I wasn’t looking for anything back then because I didn’t know there was anything I should be looking for.” Tony took a sip of his own coffee. “This caring for people schtick is exhausting.”
It was the only place Steve felt able to really let his guard down.
“Had you ever seen this man before?”
Tony chuckled, stepping into the apartment around Evie Rose and closing the door. Steve was in the kitchen, balancing Hannah on his hip, throwing Tony a soft smile.
“Steve. They’re
was beautiful.
Tony froze.
“That was dumb, wasn’t it,” Steve said before closing the gap between them.
“Yeah, she’ll kill me.”
Tony threw back his head as a bark of laughter escaped him, before descending into giggles when he caught sight of Steve’s peeved expression.
“This looks like that scene in Titanic,” Bucky stage-whispered to Matt.
Steve huffed, snuggling further into the blankets.
“Maybe another time,” he smiled.
“You need me. And I think I might need you too. Which… really sucks because you are the worst. But we’re all the other has. So we’re going to fucking make this work. Alright?”
His defence was always the same: he didn’t start the fight, but he was determined to finish it.
“You were a weird dude, Howard Stark,” Steve murmured, turning to investigate the wood panelling instead.
“We actually have some papers drawn up by a lawyer at Stark Industries, but I’d like you to check them over before we sign anything,” Tony added, sliding the forms Stane had hidden in the ghost drive across the table, only now Stane’s name had been replaced with Steve’s.
Which was why he blurted out, “Do you want to hold her?” without stopping to think about it too hard.
He’d just finished running gel through his hair, leaving it artfully tousled, when the buzzer rang.
“Oh, I think there is.”
“Yeah,” Tony nodded. He stole a carton of Chinese, before throwing himself into the spare seat between Thor and Clint. “You hissed at me like a cat the other day. I thought it was fitting. She’s a rescue cat, she’s chipped, and has all her injections. Oh, and she’s neutered, so we don’t end up with any extra little cats running around the tower. As awesome as that would be. I have a boyfriend who is allergic to cats, so I have to control the fur if I ever want him to spend the night again.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve replied.
Evie Rose tiptoed forward to the edge of the bed, twisting her hands together.
To avoid staring at his phone obsessively, wondering if or when Tony Stark would reply, Steve decided to clean the bathroom. Then he needed to take a shower, so it was a good hour before he emerged, instantly eyeing his phone where it sat innocuously on the island.
“Like I haven’t had to endure that and worse from you and Matt,” Tony retorted.
“How are we feeling, gentlemen?” Marci asked. “Any issues?”
“He’s going to be okay,” he told her. “It’s not pneumonia. It’s a severe chest infection but a round of antibiotics should clear it up. He’s on an IV drip for the dehydration and he’s probably going to need to stay the night. But he’s gonna be okay.”
“You can see her as much as you want,” Steve promised.
“Barton took me to Chuck-E-Cheese since it’s my birthday,” Tony explained. “He paid for the Ultimate Party package and everything.”
“That’s the one.”
“That’s- He- You- What is going on?” Bruce exclaimed.
“Good,” she chirped before turning her attention back to Charles’ phone.
“I shall count the seconds,” Tony deadpanned, and this time Steve did flip him off. “Bye Bruce.”
“Gentlemen,” Marci greeted. “Please, take a seat.”
She didn’t meet his eyes.
Stumbling into the wall, he dragged himself upright, spitting blood from the corner of his mouth and glaring at his opponent. Steve knew he should’ve kept his mouth shut, but when had that ever stopped him before? Never. It never stopped him, so here he was, in the alley behind Josie’s, fighting someone bigger than him.
“Aw, crap.”
He stepped forward.
“Yes, you could trip over something. Something round. Like a shield,” Tony grinned. Bucky glowered at him. Undeterred, Tony continued, “Captain America, ladies and gentlemen. The star spangled man with a plan, who punched Hitler over two hundred times, and who was, just minutes ago, tripped over by his own shield!”
“Liho,” Natasha declared. “I’m calling you Liho.”
“And the fact you bought me a drink with no ulterior motive would’ve been enough to capture my attention,” Tony took over. His fingers slipped below Steve’s jeans, playing with the waistband of his underwear.
“Serving or addiction? Because I know about both. A little over forty-eight hours ago, I was in Afghanistan with my unit. And when I was a resident, I was hooked on prescription painkillers.”
“Can’t sleep,” Sharon replied. “I think the bump misses you.”
Sharon smiled to herself, enjoying the look of confusion on Johnny’s face as May swept him into her arms and hugged him. Peter and Johnny shared a look over her shoulder, communicating silently, and Sharon had a good feeling about those two.
“Ang,” he began, “I-”
“Ah, fuck you. Nat, you and Clint load up those files. I want you working on that code. Anything you need for help, you got it. Let’s go people,” he called, clapping his hands. Turning to Tony, he added, “When we get back, I’m sending all the tech to you.”
“Isn’t it just?” Daniel grinned, bouncing Hannah in his arms, causing her bat wings to flap back and forth and Tony to let out a high-pitched squeak.
“You did it?” Tony asked.
“Hey,” Steve called, spotting Natasha as the ER doors opened.
“Dr. Romanoff,” Pepper nodded, wiping the moisture from beneath her eyes.
They tangled their legs together as they ate. Steve found the remote and flicked on the TV; when he saw the news was focused on the attack from the night before, Steve glanced at Tony, then went to turn the TV off again.
“Ooh, yes please. Thank you, darling.” Peggy handed him her empty cup, reaching up to kiss his cheek.
“You have me,” Tony promised, lining himself against Steve’s hole. “For ever and ever.”
And he did. He would always love both Peggy and Daniel. Over time it had mellowed from the passion he’d once felt into the warmth of friendship, but that didn’t mean it burned any weaker than it once had. It just changed. Because they weren’t meant to be.
“Hi gorgeous,” Tony grinned, tickling Hannah’s cheek.
“Are you seeing anybody else?” he blurted out.
Steve chuckled.
His words did nothing to lessen Bruce’s skeptical expression, or the awkward atmosphere in the car. It was just typical that the only marine biologist in the country to write a thesis on mermaids would also turn out to be someone he’d had a one night stand with. It would possibly be less awkward if Steve had actually, you know, remembered Bruce before they were face to face. In his defence, his list of one night stands was, well, a long list.
Steve sat up so he was looking Tony in the eye. “For everything,” he replied, before leaning in and kissing him slowly.
Then he surveyed the room and the enormity of the mess started to become clear.
Tony huffed and lay down beside him.
Besides, since their first nervous messages almost a year ago, barely a day went by when they didn’t send at least one message to check in with the other. Three days of complete radio silence was deafening.
“Hey, sorry,” Natasha murmured. “I forgot what time it is.”
“You’re not a fan?”
“Is it JARVIS taking it personally?” Steve wondered. “Or you?”
The car came to a smooth stop outside the courthouse and instantly the waiting reporters swarmed. Their driver fought his way through and opened the door. Tony slid out of the car first, sunglasses firmly in place, then Steve followed.
