"No!" he said quickly. "No! Not Steve! No, I told you. It's part of Nutsy's spell. I mean, it's not unique to my case. She does it to everyone."
"She's not going to MIT," Steve said.
"It goes with the outfit—"
Until cold, brutal awareness had slapped him so hard in the face he'd almost gotten whiplash. Whatever he'd dreamt had not been his future, and whoever that Tony Stark was that had wormed his way into his heart in just under a day was
Tony huffed and rolled his eyes. "Seriously?" he asked like he couldn't believe Steve wasn't following his train of thought.
prefer Star
"Nope, not happening," Steve cut in before Tony could finish his thought, jolting him just a little to stop his words in their tracks. "No crashing into anything. I can't—" He stopped short and shivered, not allowing himself to finish the thought.
She glared at him point-blank. "Kissing is gross."
"Isn't that what your lab is for?" Steve asked and carefully painted a line of pastel yellow trim just above the blue-taped base trim board of the wall.
Christ, wasn't that the defense of every person ever in an abusive relationship? He…really didn't want to travel down that road.
"I'm actually surprised it isn't something you'd done before this moment."
"You got that right."
Hill just raised an eyebrow at him, and he motioned to Rhodey. "Actually thinks War Machine is cool."
"Really don't care what Boris and Natasha are telling you to do right now," he said, hoping his misery wasn't too audible in his voice. "Hydra's a little tougher to outwit than Moose and Squirrel."
"They're..." Steve tried to think of the right word. "Sharp. I mean they're... They don't glow, ah, warm or—"
He snorted a laugh. "What? You believe that little tattletale about me and Cap? Is that what this is about? You think this is the culmination of some teenaged wet dream for me?"
"Come on. Why are you insecure about it?"
He cut off abruptly and looked away, but not before Tony had caught sight of the makings of tears in his eyes, and he sighed out a deep breath and said, "I want to protect her, too, Steve. But maybe — maybe — the best way to protect her is to keep her as close to us as we can. Look, babe," he said and got up to sit on the coffee table so that he was facing Steve. He moved the empty bottle aside and continued, "We
He didn't finish what he was going to say. He just held Tony close as could be and bowed his head, burying his face in Tony's neck and breathing in the scent that was there. Tony just patted his back and said, "There you go, big guy. I won't tell anyone, I promise."
Steve made a squeamish face as he rubbed his hands up and down Tony's arms. "You know, given how this whole thing started, I really wish you wouldn't say that."
"You know, sometimes I can't tell when you're joking and when you're serious."
Rhodey just stared at him before he blinked and looked at Steve.
He sighed a little and said, "Remember when we went to Williamsburg?"
"You're honestly not the least bit concerned about us being out here, in the woods, in the dark, by ourselves?"
"I didn't think so," Steve said with a sigh. "Look, I'm sure the formula's fine. Are you almost done?"
thinking about any of that right now, thank you very much — and seen a threat far greater than any of them could have ever imagined.
"Wait, hold on! The
He carried her downstairs and passed through the quiet and dim living room area on his way to the kitchen. "JARVIS, could you put the tree lights on, please?" he asked, glancing up to the ceiling only briefly as he issued his command.
He opened his eyes and looked up at Steve. Steve sucked in a breath but was still able to maintain control of the situation.
"Third generation, how awesome is that? Third generation MIT."
"But what?" Tony cut in. "She's too young to really understand it anyway."
Tony settled Olivia in to continue nursing — Olivia not giving him anything that could be remotely construed as difficulty — and he exhaled a breath and said, "I might."
"The sister doesn't even know?" Bruce asked as he joined with them, and the woman shook her head.
Fuck, it would have been easier if she'd just been from the future instead of an alternate universe.
they were. He didn't think it was
He knew there were not enough apologies in the world to make up for the hurt he had caused Tony, and nothing he could say or do could ever take that away, and so he said the only thing he could possibly say, the only thing that made sense to him at that moment.
wrong. What's wrong? Are you OK? Are you feeling OK?"
Tony scoffed but didn't exactly refute it because he didn't
"Seriously, Steve, you're ninety-five. Drive like it."
"Stop
Steve frowned down at the mug, but he took a sip and found to his surprise that it was pretty much perfect. He looked up to Tony to ask how he knew, but Tony just raised an eyebrow and said, "Really?"
Tony scoffed. "Not going to have to worry about it. It's not a girl."
He stood up, leaving his empty champagne glass on the table, and he made to turn, probably assuming his parting words were a proverbial 'mic drop' of some kind — if he even knew what a 'mic drop' was — but then stopped himself at the last second and turned right back around.
"You don't?" he said and folded his arms.
Tony laughed as he blinked away the last of the tears. "You know, Barnes? I think this may be the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
"So, Natasha does this for you, too, huh?" a voice that was decidedly
He took a gulp of his juice, and Barton just shrugged. "I'm telling you. You've got all the signs of it being a girl."
Oh, he knew exactly what kind of stories Steve had stumbled onto; he just wanted to know
"Really?" he asked, his focus solely on Tony. "It's, like, seven-thirty on Christmas morning."
A parallel universe — like something out of some science fiction mag or some pulp fiction thing. Crazy as it sounded, that was the only explanation that made sense. Because this Tony Stark was nothing like
"No, but it could mean they want to fuck."
Tony arched an eyebrow. "More
They dove into their plates, silent as they ate, and Steve only now realized just how hungry he'd actually been. It was greasy diner food at one o'clock in the morning, but it may just have been the absolute best meal he'd ever eaten. The eggs were just the right kind of fluffy, the bacon was crispy, the sausage had the right snap to it, the hash browns had just a hint of onion to them, the pancakes were like biting into a cloud, and the toast was…well…toast. But it was good toast.
"What? Tell me what you want."
"You havin' coffee for breakfast?"
But there was a catch — there was always a catch — and Esmeralda insisted that Tony couldn't get rid of it without killing himself. Which was...yeah, not the sort of thing Steve wanted to think about or deal with, but then Tony dropped the bombshell on him—
"If it makes you feel any better, she thinks the sun rises and sets with you, and future you seems to have a good relationship with her."
Thor and Bruce were already there, sitting at the island, Thor presumably awaiting his breakfast while Bruce crunched away on his. Steve was tending to the bacon at the stove, and Bruce smiled at him and said, "You really shouldn't have coffee, but Steve insisted."
"I don't have 'hotrod red,'" she said as she looked through the line of colors. She selected one small bottle and held it up for his approval. "I hope this will do."
"Yes, it does! I wanna watch the 'vengers! I wanna watch th' episode where you 'n' Daddy pretend t' be the bad guys."
"Why? Does it embarrass you to hear the truth? He's your pal? Yeah? Well, I'm your fucking husband that's masquerading as your mysterious
Steve nodded some, but Tony could tell he still didn't quite understand.
"I'm going to come three times tonight: once in your mouth, once in your pussy, as I think you like to call it, and once in your ass, in that order. You are allowed to come exactly once and only when I tell you that you may. If I feel like you're getting too close before I've decided you're allowed to, I'll back off. Do you understand?"
Tony grumbled and said, "You'd have to ask the birdbrain. He thinks you spoil me with affection or attention or validation or something. I don't know. He's got everyone else convinced that I'm spoiled, too. I remember he said one time, 'If I let the Cap fuck me, think he'd let me get away with whatever I wanted, too?' Obviously, you weren't there at the time."
Not that it meant anything. Whatever. Alternate universe. That he was totally going to work on getting her back to when she went to sleep. Which hopefully would be halfway through whatever movie they could finally settle on.
Barnes snorted a laugh as well and said, "We could teach him a lesson? Make him think we're plotting to run away together?"
"I told you. It doesn't matter." He dug the spoon in and shoveled another taste into his mouth. "He was only with me until he could get his old life back. Well, Howard's dead, and Peggy's in a nursing home with dementia, but
"And maybe take a nap yourself," Tony suggested. "You're acting funny today."
Rhodey nodded, conceding his agreement, and Tony sniffed and said, "Yeah, you know me so well, don't you?"
Steve shot a pointed look at him.
"My friends," Thor was saying the next time Steve was paying attention, "please trust me when I say that your romance is not in defiance of any law or tradition except for those which Midgardians impose on themselves. In fact, your being together may possibly be creating peace and harmony throughout the galaxy — perhaps as something that 'must be' in order for life as we know it to exist."
," he muttered. "'Safe and well-cared for' sounds like a potted plant, J. Hey, question. Did any of the others know about Steve's and my little trip down to the license bureau today?"
Steve sighed a little and said, "I just mean because—"
, I am horny as fuck and trying to work my way through a very bad dream. Now, either you make love to me to push it out of my mind, or I'm gonna do it myself!"
"Hey, I just call 'em like I see 'em."
"Wait," Bucky said to Sam, "is he saying we're immature?"
He was wrong.
Tony faked a gasp and rubbed a hand over his belly. "And are you trying to say this
"I've found that to be the case," he said and settled into a big, overstuffed chair. Tony sat adjacent to him on the side of the couch that wasn't soaked in chocolate.
He thought about this a moment. "Would I just...age? Would it—"
Natasha nodded, hands on the gurney's side-rail as she watched Tony tend to his newborn, Barnes standing beside her.
The Cap just balled up the paper wrapper his fourth burger had come in and tossed it into the pile with the others. "It's… It's coming," he said with a somewhat uneasy shrug.
Steve just shook his head and said, "No, I just…thought that was rabbit food?"
"Prancing around onstage in a spangly costume?"
"Well, you have begged me
He grinned. Perfect.
"We haven't been out here an hour."
"What?"
There were wreaths on the walls and lighted bunches of garland strung from various points in the ceiling, and JARVIS was playing pleasant Christmas carols for them as they ate their meal and chatted about a host of subjects. It wasn't a full gathering, of course. Clint was gone to 'flip houses' again (Steve suspected he had a secret girlfriend he didn't want any of them to know about) and Bruce had gone to spend the holiday with a cousin. Maria evidently had other plans as well. Pepper and Happy were out in California. Nick had sent them Christmas wishes from wherever he was trying to root out Hydra cells. Sharon was in Europe somewhere. He thought. Or maybe DC. He couldn't remember what Sam had said. And Sam, of course, had gone to spend the night at home with his mom after promising to bring back some cookies for the gang.
"They don't know I'm like this yet. Come on, Steve! Let's go fuck with them."
"There's a book, I guess," Tony said and rocked the chair back and forth once more. "It's so old- timey spy-ish, but I guess there's a series of words that can trigger him."
But Tony sighed as Steve made his way over to the elevator, and he followed him over and said, “Wait for me.”
Tony made a 'hmm' sound and said, "Depends. Would it turn you on?"
He grumbled to himself and glared at the disappointments in the sink then went over to the fridge, stepping on a fucking coffee bean in the process. "
, like you wouldn't believe! The cheap shit from the grocery store might hold me over until tomorrow."
" Pepper asked, grinning like a loon, but Tony saw evidence that she was getting emotional over things as well, her eyes looking a little red and watery through the connection.
He gasped as he felt something prick his neck, and he turned in time to see another agent holding an empty syringe. He put his hand up to his neck and took a deep breath to keep himself from succumbing to panic, and the woman that had first cornered him in the hallway days earlier said, "Let her try to fight it. I love watching as the struggle slowly goes out of them."
Steve was silent a moment, and in that moment, Tony found himself lulled by the gentle rumble of the road, Steve's sturdy presence beside him and the soft sounds of 70s rock echoing from the speakers. He reveled in this contented peace until Steve said like the confused old man he sometimes was, "Why would people
I've ever done in life. Was I really that bad? Was I that much of a jerk? Was I that that much of a sleaze?"
Steve smiled a little and shook his head, and he turned his attention to the window beside him and gazed out it a moment before he said, "You know, sitting this high up, looking out the window, the music, the lights…kind of always what I pictured the Rainbow Room to be."
Steve had actually been the only one Bruce had originally invited to the event, figuring, of the two of them, Steve was the artist and would be the one more inclined to appreciate the work than Tony ever could.
, I'm just saying it probably wouldn't be the worst thing in the world if we got something like a fucking
Tony took the box from his hands. "Oh, this must be for me," he said and carried it over to the couch. He sat down with it, and Steve and Pepper exchanged 'hello's while Tony began to rip the tape off the box and plunder the bounty therein.
thing that Esmeralda had done to him, but he couldn't deny that she was right. He had been forced to bear a child, but at the same time, he would not and could not give her up for anything in the world.
"I've had the concept explained to me. I told you, Tony, I might be old, but I'm not
"Yeah," Steve said, and warmth and gratitude flooded Tony's entire being at the amount of fondness that was in Steve's voice. "I am." The door slammed into the back of Steve's chair again. "
But then he blinked, and the mask was back, and the shell was all patched up. He closed his mouth and swallowed, and he nodded and then shrugged a little.
"No."
"Oh, shit, my hand seems to be caught on his sleeve," Barnes said, holding onto Wilson's arm and letting himself be dragged away.
listening," Steve said through his laughs, caressing his hands all over Tony's torso. "We're the most attractive couple in the history of existence."
"Go to sleep, honey," he said, a gentle hand on his forehead before he scooped up the discarded towel and vanished.
"You're not a surgeon either, Tony."
"Five seconds. Running out of time there, Cap."
"We could always do something about that," Steve said, only to be interrupted by that cockblocker named JARVIS, who said, "
, you ever pull any shit like that again,
"You know, I'm a grown man. I can totally take care of myself," he said but didn't pull his arm away and instead let Natasha lead him away from the bed and over to the door.
"I should tell them you said that."
It was pretty cool at first — being with 'Captain America' — and he wasn't kidding when he said it was awe-inspiring watching him rush headlong into danger. Just the fact that he was really Captain America, the hero he'd grown up with (and been compared to, but that was a tangent for another time) and had been inspired by and had wanted to make proud.
"Hey, are you guys serious?" Bruce said and pushed a little closer to them. "We could do
"What man?"
told me I wasn't the best you ever had, either."
"Oh, good, two of them," Tony said. "That makes me feel safe. Hey, uh, happen to know where the rest are?"
"I don't know how we're going to protect her."
— that he was pregnant with the child of Captain America. There was a
"Like this. I look— It's superficial, but I look like Peggy. The first love. The one that got away. With me like this, he gets to have…he gets to get what he thought he lost."
Natasha tried to look disapproving, but she couldn't hide the smile in her eyes. "Don't hold your breath."
Steve stretched his back until it cracked, and he made to go over to the windows to gaze out at the city below when Tony reappeared from the kitchen, two glasses of something in his grasp. Steve frowned and turned and waited for Tony to make his way over to him, and as he did, he motioned to the glasses Tony held in his hand and said, "What's this?"
"Did I just lose a few inches or did you gain a few?"
Tony nodded before the end of Barnes's statement caught his attention. "OK, the 'Siberia' thing would have counted for when I asked you earlier if you knew where it was. And second, what do you mean 'the others'?"
"Mmm…to a point, yes. Look, honey, I love you, but finger quotes are just…they're not
fucked up.
"Not that," Steve said with a shake of his head. "Just nothing beyond that ever happened. Tough to find the time or the place to do even what we did."
"Do not ever compare what I designed and created with my own two hands to that pile of vacuum tubes and scrap metal."
Tony, on his way over to the large refrigerator — he thought it was one, anyway — went up on his toes and kissed Steve's cheek. "Only the best for my babies," he said and went over to the large, steel appliance. He pulled open two French-style doors, and Steve gawked at the light and bountiful assortment that was found there.
"A small amount," Steve said, like he was trying to get the wording exact.
was going on in Avengers Tower, and just
Steve swallowed, the gulp audible even to Tony's ear. "Are you sure?"
"Yeah," he said and nodded, "some would. Tony would. Tony said I should have fought for more. I thought what they gave me was too much."
"Why choose? How 'bout 'Natasha Antonia'? Ugh, that's a mouthful. 'Antonia Natasha'? That sounds better. Rolls off the tongue better. Antonia Natasha Stark-Rogers. Or, I guess in this case, it's Antonia Natasha Carbonell."
"I think so." He thought about it a moment then snorted a bitter laugh. "What the hell am I talking about? I thought I could
"No," Steve said immediately. "This doesn't go beyond the Avengers. We can't trust anyone beyond us."
He watched as Steve raked his gaze over the sheen of the Iron Man armor then nodded. "Yeah," he finally said. "Would you? If you don't want to do it, I don't want to do it."
He frowned. There was an odd crackle in the air, a weird charge like some kind of mass convergence of static electricity, and for a second, time seemed to move at half-speed. Olivia didn't seem to notice it, or if she did, she wasn't bothered by it, but Tony sat up in slight unease, and his heart almost jumped into his throat as he heard the bellow of a voice that wasn't unfamiliar to him.
(Come to think of it, hadn't his Tony had some odd surgical scars somewhere in the vicinity of where he understood this Tony's — pacemaker? Is that what they called it? — to be? Had his Tony had one of those, too? Had his Tony even been real?)
Steve frowned and watched as Tony closed in on himself again, shaking his head, muttering 'no,' before he finally looked up and said, "I can't. I can't do it. I can't let this happen unless I know — I
"I got caught. I got caught coming out of that café. I think she was a reporter. She knows it's yours. The baby. She thinks I'm still Natasha Carbonell, but she knows it's your baby. I— She tripped me up. I wasn't thinking straight. They know we were at the doctor's — the obstetrician's. They saw us. I accidentally confirmed it. And then I told her— I'm sorry, Steve. I didn't mean—"
Her grin broadened, almost like she was laughing at him. "But then he'd be in that form permanently. And much as he enjoys the perks that come with his more feminine form—" she stole a glance at Tony, "—I'm not certain he's at the point where he would like to remain that way forever. Not yet, anyway."
Christmas music was still playing on the radio, but Steve had effectively learned how to tune it out by this point, instead focusing more on the road noise and the passing scenery. It still amazed him how prevalent Christmas lights were, how so many people seemed to go all out with them, and how
He wasn't trapped on the other side of the portal. He wasn't stranded. He was home. On Earth. In New York. He was in his own bed. He was safe. He was OK. Nothing bad was going to happen to him.
—but because he didn't want to hurt Tony.
"Tony," Steve said with a sigh. "Focus."
Tony nodded, and Rhodey came up to them and said to Steve, "Is it what I think it is?"
He went over to the counter and set the glass down. He filled it with milk then squirted a generous helping of syrup into the glass. He stuck the spoon in and began to mix it up, picking up the glass and checking the bottom to make sure he was getting everything.
And then Steve brushed his finger against something, and Tony let out the most obscene moan that he was sure had ever been uttered in the history of mankind. Steve mouthed his clit, taking his sweet, sensual time about it, but then he pulled back and began to work it with his thumb, using his other fingers to rub at that
Tony frowned and considered this newest look, head tilted in thought.
But Tony waved off his concern before he could say anything more. "Water under the bridge, Cap. Don't even worry—"
Steve shot him a look over the menu, purposefully avoiding looking anywhere below his eyes. "You know how."
He consigned himself to his lab, where he labored and toiled away at various upgrades and gadgets and gizmos he had promised the team and the Board — when he wasn't passed out on the couch that was. Seriously, he was fucking exhausted constantly, he woke up nauseated, and he could barely stand the smell of various foods he hadn't been able to get enough of in his other body.
Steve heaved out a sigh but didn't deny Tony's accusation.
No, no, that was still definitely labor and childbirth, painful and exhausting as it had been. That… was definitely not something he could have
He'd heard that damned song enough times to know. This was
"Uh…probably not, baby girl."
"It wasn't
questions about prior pregnancies. He skipped that stuff then went to the next section, which was all about genetics of both parents and genetic risk factors.
Tony wasn't sure whether or not the words were met with a dour response or snickering from the dark humor of it all. The moment the word 'frozen' had hit his ears, he saw a chirpy little blonde in a purple t-shirt sitting on his couch and singing out a three-year-old's rendition of 'Let It Go.'
There was also something a bit strangely… Well, to be honest, there was almost something about this man that reminded Tony a little of Steve — whether it was the shape of his dark eyes or the cut of his jaw or the breadth of his shoulders.
Fuck, she looked so fucking familiar when she did shit like that, but he couldn't figure out
Steve exhaled a laugh and shook his head a little, but he crowded into Tony's space some, and he slid his hand off his abdomen to wrap an arm around his torso and nuzzled his face into his neck, murmuring out, "Tony, you're
"Yeah, but— As a woman," Steve reminded him. "It's… It's a little complicated. I told you. Some
Cold, brutal awareness slapped Steve in the face at that. It was a coincidence, sure, but the 'sergeant' rank as well as the name — he presumed it was supposed to be the person's name — sounding an awful lot like 'Barnes.' He could only see his failures, only see Bucky falling from the train because he was too slow or too stupid or too
"Tony who?"
Steve was silent for a beat before he said, "Maybe."
And then, he breathed out the one word that Tony, deep down, could have gone the rest of his life without hearing.
"Yeah, you're not John and Jane Smith," Barton reminded him.
But he just waved her off and said, "Whatever. I know. I'm just ridiculously sensitive and have been for the last, I don't know, couple weeks."
"Gutting me like a fish?"
"Absolutely," Steve said, finding that the lie rolled off his tongue a little too easily.
"What changed?"
Oh, son-of-a—
"As a son-in-law?"
Thor shook his head. "It is not that simple. The Goddess Esmeralda cast the spell upon you to turn you into that form. Only she can reverse it to turn you back into the form that you once were."
Evidently, it was a feature and not a bug.
a part of you that believes me to be telling the truth."
"Why not?"
"Huh?" Steve asked, but Tony nudged him and said, "I think she means the sonogram—" he turned his attention to Hill, "—and since when do
"Out of the goodness of her heart?" Steve asked. "Or would she ask for something in return?"
"Yeah. I know."
"Doesn't fit their narrative," she replied.
"Steven," Tony said and held his arm out, "get over here and hold my hand!"
"How?" Steve asked and slid his hand off Tony's to rest against his satin-and-gossamer covered belly.
"I don't know," Rhodey said, "but this waffle is actually pretty decent. I'm impressed, Tones. You're not actually an awful cook when you put your mind to it."
Anyway, it was during that time that Tony had latched onto him, hugging him, pressing his face into his shoulder, and said, "
He just nodded, staring at them like he'd blown a fuse, before he said, "Yeah, uh—" He coughed. "Excuse me."
of these knuckle-draggers to go through actually giving birth to a child and not come out of it a changed person. Like I just…I know how they're going to frame the whole 'mom' thing if it ever came out, and I don't want to put any of us through that — not you, not Olivia, not the other Avengers—"
. I am not your property. I am not some slave you can order around."
Steve chuckled a little and said, "They were not crying, Tony. Don't exaggerate. They were just a little nervous I was going to give them an unfavorable review."
"Captain, I believe…for your own safety…you should…cease your…strenuous undertakings," Thor said as he fought to keep Steve from getting the better of him. Tony knew at that moment he was seeing not a six-foot, two hundred and forty pound super soldier but a scrappy, ninety pound weakling fighting for what he thought was right.
He went back to stirring, but Rhodey must have seen him falter just the slightest, as the next word out of his mouth was a mournful, "
"To people that don't know you, maybe. They just see Captain America, and they assume certain things about him. They're not interested in the Steve Rogers underneath. They couldn't care less about him. They only care about the guy in the red, white, and blue costume. Who you are as a person is inconsequential to them. And honestly, look, it's not that you have a shitty personality or anything, it's just…you're not this perfect automaton that these people that only see you as 'Captain America' think of you as or want you to be. You are an ornery, devious, stubborn, opinionated, snarky, crafty, pain-in-the-ass that is too smart for his own good sometimes. But you're also a sweetheart and a huge dork. Seriously, the finger quotes thing? That was hugely dorky of you."
"That's it. Atta girl. Now you've got it," he said as they found a rhythm, Steve thrusting and stroking and Tony sucking. "You can come now, Antonia. You can come whenever you want. I want you to come. I want to watch your face as you come."
Tony thought about this a moment. "I kind of am. But he's worth it."
"Tony slept through most of it," Steve explained, and Thor nodded and went over to the fridge.
And fuck Steve Rogers. Seriously, fuck him — and not in the kind of way that old pervert enjoyed!
"You say that again, and I'll tell Steve," Natasha said, a smile on her lips. But then she went serious again and said, "Not everyone can handle that kind of pressure. At the same time, I don't think it's fair to expect anyone to, either. We're in a tough business. Not everyone gets to come home from saving the world."
"I don't really want to think about it."
True to his word, it was a cheap little diner, but unless he considered 'across town' and 'thirty blocks south' actually 'around here,' then it wasn't as close as Tony claimed it to be.
"Point?"
"Oh!" Tony said with a broad and knowing nod. "Yeah, right. Avengers. Uh, there's— Our ranks have grown over the years. Started with just the six of us. The number of us that's called ourselves Avengers goes into the double digits now."
She just shrugged, and when Steve made to make the first cut, she said, "Oh, no, together," and nudged Tony. "Come on. This has to be as sickeningly sweet as possible."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Way to be supportive. Seriously, Barton, don't procreate."
"We just opened another facility not that far from here. Some of them are in the city — Bruce, I think, is there at the moment working on one of this pet projects. The others are breaking in the new place. And evidently raiding the petty cash as we speak."
"And you like that one better?"
"A waffle iron that makes waffles that look like Cap's shield, I guess," he said with a shrug. "She gets a kick out of them."
of their body?"
Steve murmured a disbelieving, "Oh, my God," under his breath, and Jane stuttered a few words then said, "There's a
"How?"
people and stood before them, flickers of red dancing in her eyes.
"I didn't say it would be perfect!" he snapped and hopped off the bar stool. He scowled at Bruce and padded his way over to the couch, tablet in hand as JARVIS pulled up an array of bedroom suites that might best suit a child. "I know it's not going to be easy, but I know that if I don't at least
"So, say I get a little too shitfaced to—"
"Nah, you were in luck," Bruce said. "Congressman had a sex scandal, so you guys got bumped. They're still talking about you, but not as much."
"Really makes you feel appreciated, doesn't it?" Wilson said and shared a look with the rest of the assembled group.
He didn't even notice he'd been crying until the roadway ahead of him went a little blurry, and he blinked and felt a flood of tears fall down his cheeks. He sniffled and lifted his non-aching hand from the steering wheel to wipe them away, resolute that he wasn't going to cry over this. Fuck him. Fuck Steve Rogers. He was not crying over that son-of-a-bitch.
Steve chuckled a little. "Sure."
He flipped some switches and readied the plane for takeoff, and Steve just shrugged at Tony like he wasn't sure what the aim was but he wasn't about to fight it. Which was weird for Steve because Steve was the very definition of a fighter, but whatever, he'd worry about it later.
"It's all filled up," he said with a shrug. "Joint's crawling with hospital patients."
"Well, then what's the point? I want chocolate peanut butter cup gelato. That's exactly what I want."
"No. That would only have any weight to it if he suddenly found you attractive
"False lead or they lost track of him. Well, Steve'll be in a pisser of a mood now."
He didn't know how long he sat there watching it, his gaze, for whatever reason, fixated on the screen. Close to the whole movie, probably, as he only realized he was still watching it just as the on-screen Rosemary grabbed a knife from the kitchen. And it was only then that he realized he'd been sitting there rubbing his belly for almost the entire movie, like he was either trying to assure himself or the little creature that grew inside of him that that was a movie and this was real life, and there was nothing strange our out-of-the-ordinary about this baby. There was nothing otherworldly or demonic about it. No red eyes. No cloven hooves. Its father was a stubborn, sanctimonious pain-in-the-ass named Steven G. Rogers, who just happened to be the world-famous Captain America. The only 'weird' thing about this child was that its father had been presumed dead for seventy years and its mother had been changed from a man into a woman to allow for its conception. He hadn't been craving raw meat, and he hadn't had any horrible, unexplained abdominal pains, and he had never 'dreamt' about anyone but Steve fucking him.
Steve blinked and exchanged a glance with Tony before he said, "We're supposed to get one of those?"
"It's warm out."
"You are more right than you could possibly know," he muttered and took another bite of his sandwich. His abdomen thumped a bit in a weird show of something like solidarity.
Jesus Christ, is this what other people saw when they saw him and Steve? OK, he suddenly couldn't blame any of the complaints that had been made about how…schmoopy they were with each other. It was kind of…cute but annoying to watch.
"They're making fun of me?" he asked, but he wasn't really offended. More curious.
He set the drink down and glared at Steve. "This doesn't taste like Coke."
"No, it's 'cause he usually has JARVIS telling him where to go," Pepper said and took a sip of her cocktail, and Tony looked upon her in insult.
He didn't bother to read the article. He clicked the link for a related video, and he got up and finished getting dressed as he waited for it to load, pausing the video so he wouldn't have to suffer through it buffering every two seconds. He tightened his belt, clipped his tie, buttoned his cuffs, brushed his hair, and grabbed his name badge, all before the video had even loaded halfway.
"Did she go with An' Pepper?"
"Well, don't worry," Tony said and reached out to pat his arm. "That serum you've got flowing through your veins will beat the ever-living shit out of it if it tries anything."
did you just call me?"
He didn't know where this sentiment was coming from. He wasn't even sure if his rational mind agreed with it. All he knew was that he and Steve had created a life together.
But thankfully Tony had already done half the work for him, as he sat cuddled up against Steve's side, and Steve was easily able to curl his arm around him, casual-like, more that he was using Tony as an arm-rest than actually trying to cuddle with him. But Tony's head was on his shoulder, and all Steve had to do was turn his head just so to brush his cheek against the top of Tony's head.
"Yeah, on stupid shit. Furniture — 'cause maybe it was OK for people back in your day, but we're not letting our kid sleep in a fucking dresser drawer — is usually kind of excluded from that."
Tony took a breath. In. Out.
"What? Why?"
to remove the spell, she claimed it was out of her hands,
," Tony muttered at him.
"Me?" he scoffed. "Of course not."
He thought about this a moment then said, "How 'bout skywriting?"
Tony stared at him a moment before he turned back to Bucky and said, "Get out of my tower."
Maybe their Cap was just built of stronger stuff?
Tony patted his arm. "Didn't think so," he said, and Rhodey leaned in to Steve and said, "Not sure what that says about the 'man with the plan' that he doesn't have a plan."
"Which doesn't even make any sense. They're not
"What did he see?"
samples from you and got rid of you."
"Ugh, don't say 'board,' I'm already tired. Also, I'm a little insulted that you can make a trip across the country to yell at me—"
"He knows, doesn't he?"
"You're not a dyke—"
," he said.
Steve just shot Barton the Stare of Disapproval, and Natasha bit her lips as though to hide her smile. Wilson tried to hide his laugh behind his glass of orange juice. Barnes just said, "Jeez, Stevie, they really got your number, don't they?"
"Don't what? On a scale of one to ten, how repulsed are you by my body?"
Even if it was through such unconventional means. And even if one Steve Rogers had been the proverbial 'sperm donor.' She could probably learn to live with that. She wouldn't be happy about it, but she'd learn to live with it.
Tony hummed in contentment and said, "Remind me to buy them their own island nations for them to rule over like the magnificent queens that they are."
"And it was a long time ago, anyway. We're different people now."
And he knew Steve would be loath to attend the ball, no matter how charitable the cause.
, I am! Don't give me that look. OK, maybe there was a time— Look, whatever. I'm gonna have to explain that to my wonderful and understanding fiancé now."
"Er, yeah, I think I'll go with June Cleaver over there instead of the creepy cafeteria guy from that show — you remember that kids' show that was on, like, thirty years ago?" he asked to blank and tired stares. "What? On Nickelodeon. I used to watch it at my friend's house." At their continued blank and tired silence, Wilson put his hands up and sat back and said, "OK, you people were totally deprived of a lot is all I'm saying."
"Because. Weren't you listening? I saw Wilson, and—" he smacked his forehead lightly like a thought had just come into his mind, "—oh! Right! Need to speak to Barnes about something!"
Tony just laughed and stood up. "Nothing," he said and went up on his toes again to peck a kiss against Steve's mouth. "Absolutely nothing, you pathetic, old sap."
Their mouths? Had they…
Steve laughed a little. "Nattie?" he said, sounding a little unsure of something.
Jesus. Was this really what he'd been reduced to? Having a one-sided conversation with a half-formed parasite growing inside of him?
Tony picked his hand up from Steve's thigh and backhanded him in the gut. "That's
"Yeah," he said, and no, his voice totally didn't crack on that word, but if the Cap heard it, he ignored it.
The nurse pointed to the hard vinyl exam table, the vinyl done up in a powder lavender-y type of color, and said, "OK, if you can take off all your clothes and set them on that chair there. Then put that smock over you. The top leave open in the front. The bottom put over your lap. The doctor will be in to see you shortly."
Tony arched an eyebrow at him. "I take it these are all doctors
Tony hummed then said, "Well, better get used to it, honeydew, it's going to be with us for a long, long time."
"Not at the expense of getting yourself killed," Natasha said, a slight tinge of anger to her voice.
exactly did this happen again?" Barnes asked and looked between Steve and Tony, still sounding confused as fuck. Poor bastard.
He groaned. "It's doing it again, Steve."
Steve sniffed derisively and said, "I'm not going to sit here and be insulted about where I live by people that have actually chosen to live in
"It's a shit town," Bucky assured him, and Jim huffed out a sigh.
But Steve just ignored whatever the implications from that comment might have been and instead said, "What are you doing here?"
He played with his phone, checking headlines and stock prices and any text messages he might have gotten. Only one from Barton that asked «
"In what way?" he asked and took another sip of coffee.
. Apples and oranges,
the city. They're in
"Makes me sound like I'm a bird. Just going through and getting some stuff organized. That's all."
to the doctor, Tony!"
"Yeah, man," Sam said and smacked his arm. "You know how loaded he is now? You could be living the high life in Manhattan, not slumming it in the last non-gentrified part of Brooklyn!"
"Hmm…sure as shit isn't chocolate Quik that's for sure."
Tony snorted a bitter laugh. "Yeah, I wouldn't go that far."
Steve turned serious eyes on him. "Did you try to take his gelato?"
"I love you, old man. And you're not useless without me. I can't lead that mixed bag of nuts we call the Avengers. I mean, I
Steve laughed again and said, "I'm sorry. I'll stop. I promise."
for you? You think I married you because I had no other choice?"
she rolled her eyes at him. "
thinking about that because, again, results had a good chance of not being to his liking.
kinds of material possessions, anyway — but Steve, as it turned out, was concerned that he didn't have anything
, Pepper does the dealing with the company now. That's why they pay her the big bucks. I'm just a figurehead."
Steve gave a curt shake of his head. "That's not how it works—"
things — that are just pieces of history out of books to you guys."
"Why am I adopting more of his habits than he is mine?" he muttered then said, "Be a little more vague about it, J, would you?"
Bruce just shrugged, kind of embarrassed and kind of like he was ashamed to admit he'd had a good time, and Barton said, "I'm sorry. Did you think we said the New School? No! They were from NYU! The spoiled little shits had it coming to them."
"Are you saying I don't deserve it?"
"Carbonell," he replied. "Antonia Natasha Carbonell."
"Glad about what, Steve?"
being pregnant, not that he could ever admit those words aloud, but was it… Was it something he
They loaded up plates at the buffet and then sat down to dig in, and though it wasn't the usual kind of Christmas fare Steve was used to, it was good all the same. True to what Tony had said earlier, the General Tso's chicken was pretty damned good, and he ended up with seconds and then thirds of that.
"But you might at some point want to give it up."
"We're out. How 'bout you have some soda?" he said because trying to explain that he wasn't her Papa and this wasn't her house would be like slamming his head against a wall.
) and stuck it back in the bag, only vaguely noticing the time had read six-thirty. He hummed a little and stood next to Steve, rubbing his belly some as he felt the little beast within him stir from his previous calm.
He drummed his hands on the tabletop in anticipation, and he glanced up and looked ahead of him to the fridge, frowning at the little square piece of blue paper he saw there. He got up and went over to inspect it. It looked like one of Steve's stupid stunts, but if Steve stuck a piece of paper somewhere, there was usually a reason for it — and maybe, in this circumstance, something on it. This, he realized as he came upon the slip, was blank.
Tony shrugged. "Doesn't matter now, does it?"
He also didn't know how to answer that because he
"No clue." He tightened his arms some more. "Guess we have to figure that one out."
"Please don't invent time travel."
Tony groaned again and splayed himself out over the table. Yeah, it was a bit overdramatic, but it fit the mood.
"'70s soft rock, evidently," Tony said and changed the station to something less saccharine. Somehow, he must have hit some psychedelic '60s station, going by the…
He considered it a moment, staring at the gleaming gold, and was about to switch hands and slide it onto his left ring finger when he suddenly thought that maybe he wasn't the right person to do that.
DUM-E watched him a moment more before he seemed satisfied that Tony wasn't in any actual danger, and he lowered his claw once again to go back to playing with the piece of paper, and Tony went over to the couch to grab a pillow, giving the 'bot a gentle pat on the support strut as he waddled past.
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes.
for sure was about that that 'B' is impossible, so try to avoid hitting on 'A.' I'm sure those names aren't even in that book. Hell, 'Edna' was an old-lady name in my day."
"Explain it to me, Steve. Explain how I'm even supposed to do this."
But Olivia just frowned and looked at it. "Isn't that the one Daddy broke?" Tony looked over the shirt then met her gaze again. "Uh? Huh?"
"Uh," he said and sat back a little, frowning at her concern. "Why? You don't think he'd want to do it? Look, he's very detailed and very anal about those sorts of things. I figured he'd be a natural. Oh! Unless this is about, um, me not picking
Barnes stared at him a moment, light eyes skirting all over his face like he was looking for some sort of tell that Tony was just bullshitting him or pulling his leg — or suffering some sort of breakdown — before he exhaled a breath and shook his head.
" Steve said but then stopped to look at what Tony was pointing to.
"Of course you do," Tony said, though it sounded like he was humoring him. "Look, we're not going to have the same exact kind of relationship with her. I mean, we share in the responsibilities. I feed her but you're the one that gives her a bath. Believe it or not, you have better luck diaper- changing than I do, but I have an easier time getting her dressed. We both put her to bed or get her up in the morning. But I'm just— We don't have a nanny because you don't trust anyone outside of the other Avengers or ourselves with her. We tried to hire one once, and you found so many flaws with the applications that I just gave up. I don't even think Mary fuckin' Poppins would have passed muster with you."
"Like what?"
He didn't know how many times Steve tried to contact him after that. He only knew Steve
Maybe even his Cap wasn't the giant, sanctimonious ass he'd taken him to be. "Yeah," he said, "we are."
"Uh, yeah," he said as he handed the slip over, Tracy's eyes going wide in what was clearly surprise at the number, "you're probably going to have to pay taxes on that. I'd contact an accountant if I were you in order to figure out the best way of claiming it so you don't lose it all."
"Not unless I somehow magically turn back to the way I was."
Steve frowned. "Are you trying to say the Avengers—?"
She took the bite and stuffed it in her mouth, and she chewed that then swallowed and opened her mouth for another. Steve sipped at his coffee as he watched Tony feed Olivia about half a sandwich before she got bored and toddled on back to the tree.
Steve closed his eyes. "Tony,
He nodded his head, his coffee clutched tightly in his hands. "Hydra. They're going to know. They're going to know it's Steve's, and they're going to—"
"I suppose I can, but then we'll just be right back where we started. I can turn him back, but he'll still be with child."
“What?” Stark asked, bored, as he pulled away from the car and wiped his grease-stained hands on a dirty rag.
"Clearly," she replied.
Tony stared point-blank at her. "Wait, I'm not the best sex you ever had?"
"I wish I could," he said then glanced down to where Natasha was blowing onto Tony's toes to get the coat to set. "You going to be much longer or…?"
Tony shrugged and nodded his agreement with the term as he took the last bite of his burger.
Steve nodded toward his computer. "Is that why you said—"
"Not unless they want a fight on their hands," Tony replied.
He huffed out a sigh. "Fine. Go get Brucie. Oh, wait, shouldn't I get down to medical?"
Something then appeared to come to him at this, and he looked from Steve to Tony a couple times before he turned his attention on Steve and said, "Jeez, Steve, you're robbing the cradle. What is he? Fifty years younger than you?"
it. Tony actually thought it was a pittance considering the circumstances and Steve really should have bargained for more. They
"It's not that," Steve said, giving a good impression of it sounding like it was
But Tony just reached up and patted his chest. "That's OK, babe. I wasn't actually trying to lay a guilt trip on you. 'Antonia Natasha' is actually…kind of nice."
He shrugged and picked at the duvet. "Tried to call me a few times. I wouldn't let JARVIS put him through."
So, Tony sat on the couch while Steve, at Tony's urging, plopped down on the floor and let Olivia have at the enormous pile of beautifully-wrapped gifts. As Olivia, with Steve's help, ripped at the paper on the first gift, Tony went about slicing and slathering bagels, and he handed one half over to Steve, who smiled and mouthed a quiet, "Thanks," to him then turned his attention back to the toddler, who was now busy trying to yank off the ribbons of a box larger than herself. She lost her balance and went tumbling back onto Steve's legs, and Steve held his breath a moment, fearing she would start screaming, but she just giggled and rolled off of him and got back to her feet before going right back over to the present.
~*Fin*~
"Yeah, this is one of those times where your old-fashionedness is more 'annoying' than 'endearing.'"
He sat up and clutched at his chest, unable to breathe. He tried to suck in several breaths, but he couldn't seem to get his passages to open, and he sputtered and gasped and threw his legs over the edge of the bed and leaned so far forward that his forehead almost touched his knees.
"Uh, well," he said and blew the breath out, "she, ah— Your aunt's babysitting her."
Steve just coughed and motioned toward the door. "Uh, no, fine. I, uh… Brush my teeth?"
"Why are you whispering?"
It hit him as they lay on the sofa that afternoon, she curled up against him, snuggled into that little crevice between him and the couch, a blanket thrown over them, and from out of nowhere, some strange feeling of love and protection came over him. He'd
Barton waited until Steve had gone into the kitchen to get something then said to Tony, "Nice color for a baby's room."
Tony noisily sucked down the remainder of the liquid in his cup, and he set it on the tray Steve had grabbed then grabbed his bag from the chair and stood up. He checked his phone again as Steve went to deposit the garbage, and he rolled his eyes when he saw Barton had sent him another text yet again.
, I'm the only one that matters."
"Pretty much," Barnes said, his tone resigned. "But, uh," he continued, scratching at his jaw with his thumbnail, "those times we did talk about things going on now — his life now — you came up a lot."
"Yeah? That the number you want to place all your chips on?"
might be.
look. "Tony."
that man, had somehow had a daughter with that man. They had a country house upstate, a home-away- from-home from their lives as
. He didn't feel like keeping Steve away from his truest desires any longer, so he smiled and nodded and said, "Yeah, I do."
"You damned well know what it's for," he said and pointed a little harder at the chair where his clothes were neatly folded and placed.
The doors closed, the elevator departing, and Steve let out a sigh then turned and went into the kitchen to find Olivia tucked into her highchair and Tony at the counter, chattering at her as he went about preparing her bottle. But he must have sensed Steve had come into the kitchen, as he said, "I take it the Hardy Boys are gone?"
"Not even a hint." He was smiling as he said it, and he reached out and brushed his hand over Olivia's head, smoothing down the wispy blonde strands. "But trust me. She's
to say that they couldn't — clearly — but, yeah, I just don't think they're right for each other. Plus, I mean, Thor's got Jane, and you know I love Brucie and all, but yeah, thinking he might be a slight step down from the brilliant and gorgeous Dr. Foster."
But Steve shrugged again, looking equal parts abashed and nervous. "I thought you were just humoring me or trying to be nice. I don't know. Forget I said anything."
Tony frowned as he considered this, and he reached out and took hold of Steve by his chin and turned his face toward him.
He took a sip of water, pursing his lips in annoyance as some of his lipstick came off on the glass — so many stupid things to contend with — and pulled out his phone and began to swipe through the headlines. He was startled a couple times by the kitchen door slamming open and hitting against the chair across from him — the one Steve would be sitting in — and he looked around the restaurant for something else that was open that didn't have a little 'Reserved' card situated atop it. There was an absolutely lovely table over by the front window, and Tony was about to call out to a passing waiter to see if he could upgrade for a decent price, but he watched as the maître d' led another couple over and sat them down, one half of the pair with a miserable scowl on their face while the other had their nose pressed into their phone. Tony sat back in his chair and grumbled a bit. Good things always happened to bad or less-deserving people, it seemed, and he picked up his water glass again to take a sip, the silverware and china on the table rattling as the kitchen door swung open again and slammed against Steve's chair.
. They were a
There was no tub to sit on in this bathroom — only a shower stall — so Tony went over to the toilet, and he closed the lid and sat down on it, hugging his arms around himself as he cried for the loss of a life that was never his to start with and maybe even a little bit for an existence that would never be his again. And that was where, after some time, when he'd cried out everything he was certain that he could, Steve found him, standing in the doorway to the bathroom looking equal parts sad and uneasy.
She nodded. "Yeah," she said and patted his leg. "You did good, kid."
"No!" Tony said. "No, it is. It's goddamned awful. Hawkeye collectibles? Really? First of all, she's too damned young. She'd choke on the pieces. Second, it's not my fault he bought up a couple pallets of the damned things and now he can't even give them away. Iron Man flies off the shelves for a reason."
Tony sat back but didn't pull his arms from Steve's shoulders. "What do you mean
," Steve said, his voice sounding almost pained. "Just… Just give me five minutes."
"So?"
He took the photos back as Bruce handed them over, and Bruce said, "That's…really amazing, Tony. Crazy, but— How did you come in contact with this guy, again?"
"I'm fine with 'he.'"
Steve did a quick glance between him and Barnes. "Tony, I— You can't just
"It's trending," Steve said, smiling, proud of himself for mastering one piece of twenty-first century communication.
"Good," Steve said and reached over to the nightstand. Tony saw he was half-hard again already, and he watched as Steve picked up the discarded scarf and, while Tony sat before him, wrapped it around his eyes again and tied it at the back.
Bruce and Rhodey both exchanged looks before Rhodey turned to him and said, "Stretching with that one, Tones."
Tony just stuck another glob of chocolate and peanut butter in his mouth and flipped Barton off — or at least flipped off the direction he had gone in.
Tony sat up more and set his bagel down. "
He rolled his eyes again. "Whatever, look, I just need to look like— Make me pretty, all right?"
He shut his mouth and shook his head, and he was quiet a moment before he continued.
"What conversation?"
, he realized and let out a somewhat hysterical laugh. He'd had a baby. He'd fucking given birth to his own son. James.
(But not MIT. He just...knew her talents weren't going to be in that...kind of discipline.)
"Yeah, there was half-a-bottle of ketchup left, too, wasn't there?" Barnes bit back.
" he hissed and put a finger to his lips. "What Steve doesn't know—"
"Uh, yeah, sure, kiddo," he replied because what the hell else was he supposed to say? It seemed to work, but the kid's face clouded over a bit at that, her eyes narrowing and a little crease forming between her brows as she pursed her lips.
Barnes thought about this then said, "Is
"Thirty seconds."
"Who says they don't get it? And why don't you have any right to be happy? Have you really done anything
Bruce shot him a pointed look. "Do you really, or are you just saying that?"
"You," Steve said with a nod. "Many times."
He tried to hide his smile because he didn't want her to think he was laughing at her, but the amount of fire in the belly of this four-year-old was a sight to behold. She was brazen and sure of herself, and whoever Tony had partnered with to raise her (someone much older than Tony, evidently), they had already done a pretty good job of making her feel like she was a valued member of society.
"Now, tell your little boyfriend over there to take a hike. You're coming home with me tonight. And me alone."
"Like what?" Barnes asked, confused as he looked at Steve, and Steve glanced up at him and made a slight face.
"Which is probably a good thing," Barnes said, and Tony glanced to him.
“You completely disobeyed an order—”
