When he made his way to the bed, he made sure to focus completely on Tony, blocking out where Steve sat on watching. Bucky had started out by licking the smaller man open, consuming every drop of cum Steve had poured into him. As Tony’s cries had begun to crescendo louder throughout the room begging for release, Bucky finally gave him mild relief as his fingers joined his tongue. He prepped Tony the way Steve should have but had been too turned on at the thought of him watching. Bucky had seen the rush Steve had taken and knew Tony would spend most if not all the time Steve was inside him getting used to the intrusion instead of enjoying it.
As Tony was riding him and both men were on the brink of coming, Tony’s mind unconsciously strayed to Bucky. Steve was average size around 7 inches and Tony didn’t have any complaints, but Bucky’s looked almost double that and wider. He ended up feeling guilty once they were finished and Steve wrapped his arms around Tony falling asleep quickly. Tony lay there almost an hour fighting with what he had done. He eventually was able to reasoned away the blame. It wasn’t as if this was premeditated or something everyone in the world hadn’t done at some point. Pep talk with himself concluded, Tony finally closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep as well.
Bucky’s words put Steve right at the edge, but it was Tony’s moaned out words back that pushed Steve over. “Feels so good, so full. Yes, do anything just don’t stop, fuck don’t ever stop. Fuck me all night, I’ll come as much as you want baby just keep fucking me until I can’t take anymore and then fuck me some more.”
Tony cleared his throat before answering, “Yeah Steve I’m here, Sorry about that. Everything ok?”
These last few years had been great for Steve. He had his best friend and his boyfriend by his side, giving him a joy he hadn’t felt in years. As he made it to his room he sat the apple they’d received from Thor down on the dresser before he collapsed on the bed. Bucky had worked him over nearly the entire plane ride back. Even after all these years he would still feel guilty every time he was with Bucky, knowing he was lying to Tony about it. Steve just couldn’t help it, no matter how much he resolved not to Bucky seemed to always know exactly what to say to get his compliance. He was grateful when he saw the message from Tony saying he’d be in the lab all night just before they landed. Steve had already showered off the evidence before they arrived back home just in case, but didn’t want to face Tony after what he’d done yet again. He knew he’d have to tell Tony at some point; Steve hated having this secret or any secret from him.
Bucky leaned down to pressing a quick kiss to Steve’s forehead. “Ever since you became Captain America, everyone has been telling you how perfect you are. The perfect soldier, the perfect leader, the perfect gentlemen, of course you’d get tired of that weight. Makes sense you’d get off on finally not having to be perfect, on seeing someone you trust being the perfect one so you don’t have to be. I understand sweetheart, and next time I want you to trust that I’ll understand. No matter how crazy what you want sounds in your head, Tony and I will never look down on you for wanting the things you do. We’ll only be hurt by you not telling us.”
Okay… maybe he was to the left a little.
Tony narrowed his eyes at her and was going to sass back at her before he remembered why he was here. Not willing to waste time and be interrupted, Tony blurted out, “I need help getting Steve to fuck me.”
Tony heard Steve chuckle, “Tony’s like that, all those martial arts classes when he was a kid. Catches me off guard every time when he manages to get one over on me.”
When Steve looked down at him again, expression hesitant, Tony brought a hand up to his cheek caressing it. “Hey, you know you can ask me anything. I love you so it kinda makes me happy to make you happy. Besides,” Tony paused smirking up at Steve, “There is a very small amount of things I haven’t done in bed and even less I didn’t like. The odds are definitely in your favor that what you want I’m totally down for.”
Steve’s face turned a purplish shade of red as he stammered, “NO, I, uh… I didn’t think you were or anything. Just didn’t know if you, uh, if you wanted us to see that.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered minutely as a small tremor made its way down his back.  He focused his gaze back on Bucky, and then moved down to where he was stroking what Tony had been fantasizing about for days. Not taking his eyes off what he wanted most, Tony answered, “Yes, yes Bucky please. I, I need it, need you.”
Steve face gave Bucky an image of complete confusion. “What do you mean? It can’t be that different person to person right?”
The other man smiled back in gratification once Tony finished. “That’s right, and if you think back on what happened, you’ll realize I gave you all of the first 3. White noise is triggered by a sub’s body not getting what it needs, once you finally get those things your mind stabilizes.”
Steve shook his head sitting down on the edge of the hot tub. “It’s no problem Buck, I want to help out anyway I can.”
There was the time where needing a razor to shave, Bucky came to the living room in a towel. Steve and Tony had been sitting on the couch, Steve drawing while Tony read, when Bucky came in still dripping from the shower. Steve got up to retrieve one of their razors and Tony, resisting temptation, went back to reading the science journal he had been. Bucky broke his concentration asking Tony what he was reading, looking over Tony saw the man standing right beside him. Tony’s eyes never made it to Bucky’s when his gaze was caught by the skin inches from his face. Bucky’s towel dipped low to reveal a tiny patch of hair where his treasure trail ended. Tony knew just a little further down and he’d get to see what he’d only been imagining. Bucky called his name again breaking Tony’s focus. He attempted to cover the action saying he zoned out thinking of a project and was saved by Steve’s return from any further comments.
Tony let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding as he smiled back at Steve. “Well you were in bed with me so of course it was bound to be awesome.” Steve just laughed at Tony’s words and rolled his eyes. Tony leaned over to kiss him before leaning back and saying more seriously, “But really Steve, I’m glad we were able to make you feel that way.”
Steve grew impossibly redder as he nodded, “Yeah, uh… that. When I asked him about it he said he’s been having a hard time, you know… climaxing.” His next words were rushed defending Tony’s honor. “Now, he said he still loves me and doesn’t want to break up or anything, but that it hasn’t been the best so he’s not, uh… really in the mood anymore.”
Tony couldn’t help the sliver of fear that rippled through him when she kicked the chair out of her way striding forward. Natasha was truly freighting when the demeanor of her killer assassin persona took over. Tony’s mind began to race as his fight or flight instincts kicked into high gear. Before he could even decide on what to do it became unnecessary.
Tony had taken him all the way down before using a hand to add Bucky’s balls to his mouth as well. “Bucky, are you okay?” Steve exclaimed and Tony saw Bucky raise a hand quickly to stop the other man’s movement toward him.
Tony looked up at Bucky trying to convey all the want and need he felt burning him up the past few days. He must have done a pretty good job of it because Bucky had a look on his face that Tony had never seen before as he lowered his head down bringing his mouth to Tony’s ear. He used the arm wrapped around Tony’s waist to slide the smaller man towards him, impaling Tony little by little as he moved Tony’s body up his thighs. Although Steve had just been inside him, Bucky being infinitely larger, causing a slight pain that really just added to the pleasure Tony was feeling. Bucky was sliding into him so slowly, moving at a snail’s pace and making Tony feel every sensation in full before the next was introduced.
Tony was momentarily annoyed with himself for wanting to shout out his agreement before he just shook his head. He was too tired to even try to argue anymore and knew how to pick his battles. Standing slowly, he took the hand Steve offered to him. “Fine, whatever. I could use the nap anyway.”
Steve comes to Bucky for advice, Bucky tells Steve about Tony’s newest ‘muscle’ problem, and Tony sets a scene up with Steve at Bucky’s request.
It was during a sparring session with Steve that it happened. Bucky and Steve had been at it for around an hour, neither needing a break due to their enhancements, when as Steve’s fist came to punch Bucky’s abdomen he tried to block the blow with his metal arm but it stayed in place not moving. When the blow landed driving Bucky to the ground he was also unable to break his fall neatly only having one arm that was functional.
.” Tony said the last three words poking Bucky pectoral muscle.
Tony’s eyes rolled as he began to see black spots around them through his tears. His body was shaking from his climax rapidly approaching when Tony sobbed shouting, voice cracking from being ashamed to admit each word, “Ahhh, God, I can’t, I need you… Uh, God, can’t cum… Uhhh, Bucky please, fuck, why… Huhm, can’t cum with Steve, fuck, MMmmm, just you, God Bucky just you.”
Tony gripped the sheets of the bed as he grew more turned on, nodding slowly to Bucky’s question. “Yes, I… I can’t stop thinking about it. Can’t stop wanting it, I’ve tried… For two fucking days I’ve tried but… Everytime I close my eyes you’re fucking right there.”
…Steve fucking Rogers.
Shaking her head Nat gave him an incredulous stare. She grinned widely at him as she reached over to pinch his cheek as she said in a babying voice, “Awww, it’s funny you still think you’re coming with us.”
“I’ll let you feel how I push my way into him Stevie. Here,” Bucky said grabbing Steve’s hand to place them on his waist, “Hold my hips so you feel how I roll them to really break into Tony’s ass. You’ll be able feel how I move my ass to thrust into him while I’m on top of you.” Bucky raised Tony about an inch off Steve, settling them together in his lap. Lining his shaft between  Tony’s crease, he squeezed the globes together and began grinding forward to slide between them. His hands teased at Tony’s cock from their place on his waist, though Bucky’s reason for his current movements had nothing to do with teasing Tony. Squeezing the cheeks of his ass, Bucky tightened around the rapidly hardening dick he was grinding over watching Steve’s face become flush. Hard as a rock in under 1 minute, that’s what two months of your hand for company will do to you. When Bucky saw Steve’s breathing becoming shallow and rapid, he gripped Tony’s hips hard 3 times queuing the man’s next words.
Bucky smirked as his eyes grew hooded, fucking himself into Tony grasp when he saw Steve’s cock jump slightly as his lips parted in arousal. ‘Yep’, Bucky thought, ‘Theory proved’ as he answered, “That’s 12 inches you’re wrapped around sugar. Why, is Stevie not this big?” When Tony gave a second chuckle saying no, he saw Steve’s cock pulse again as his breathing became more labored. “Sorry sweetheart, where does he stop at compared to me?” Tony stroked his dick once more before coming up and stopping an inch above halfway. Bucky’s grin was wide as he looked at Steve laughing softly, “Well we can’t all have the huge packaging I come with.”
Steve wasn’t the most rhythmic of people. He knew moving as Bucky was currently or like he did that day on the hot tub were nearly impossible for him. Hearing Tony’s mounting cries, seeing how he was loved every stroke Bucky made inside him, made him whish he could. Steve knew he should probably be jealous, and a small part of him was, but even that feeling only increased Steve’s arousal. He did wish he could hear what Bucky was murmuring into Tony’s ear since it seemed to drive loud moans from him. The faint words he could hear being said were all but drowned out by Tony’s loud sobs, his cries echoing throughout the room of “Yes” and “Please”. He was turned on to the point he wanted to feel Bucky taking him apart like he was Tony. Steve wanted to feel everything Bucky was making Tony feel, wanted to know what Tony was experiencing that made him yell and moan in ways Steve had never pulled from the man before.
Steve shivered slightly as he dropped down, wasting no time before putting his mouth to work. Tony watched in fascination as Steve devoured Bucky, using his hand to stroke the other half of his dick Steve couldn’t swallow. All that could be heard in the room was the slurping sounds suction each time Steve brought his head back up. Tony couldn’t help but envision himself in Steve’s place bringing back the memory of when he actually was. He licked his lips as if the taste might still be there and was brought out of his fantasy by Bucky’s moan.
Steve opened his eyes to stare guiltily down at Tony before they rose to meet Bucky’s, “Well, if uh, neither one of you minds, maybe Bucky could take you until I’m ready to go again.”
Bucky had been sitting in his room finishing a cup of coffee when Steve walked in asking if he could talk to him for a moment. At Bucky’s nod the man came in to sit cross legged on Bucky’s bed facing him. “What’s up Stevie, everything ok?”
Bucky’s hand unwrapped from his hair to cup Tony’s cheek, thumb tracing across his lips before invading Tony’s mouth. “Mhmmm, you look so good on your knees for me baby. Show me how much you want my cock and I might let you have it.” Tony saw Bucky’s eyes blaze when he began to suck on the thumb Bucky had put in his mouth. He flicked his tongue over the tip before wrapping it around Bucky’s thumb sucking hard. Removing the finger from Tony’s mouth to rest both hands on the counter above him, Bucky’s head came up to stare over the bar and leaned to the side as if listening. Bringing his focus back down, Bucky gave Tony a smirk. “Since you asked so pretty, I’ll make a deal with you, sugar. Steve is headed this way right now. You can either get up and pretending nothing happened, or you can stay down and risk getting caught with my dick in your mouth.”
Tony was nearly flat on the surface of the water, Bucky’s body the only thing concealing his plunges inside Tony as well as his hard on from Steve’s view. Bucky’s first thrusts into Tony caused his back to arch and mouth to fall open as his moans became desperate. He was pummeling into Tony so hard Tony’s back slid against the wall occasionally bumping his head into Steve’s stomach. “Tony likes for me to shove into his ass over and over again like this when his muscles start cramping. Fuck, Nmmm, yeah, can really feel those tight muscles squeezing me every time I hammer them apart.”
Bucky hadn’t been anywhere near to coming yet, but at Tony’s words his orgasm surged through him making his breath catch in surprise. When he felt Steve’s muscles tighten around him as Steve’s body went rigid, Bucky knew he wasn’t the only one who had come. With that awareness, Bucky didn’t fight the wild possessiveness surging through him as he pulled out of Steve. He had grabbed Tony in his arms before he was even finished with his orgasm, cock still spilling cum down onto Steve’s thighs. Settling the other man’s legs around his waist, Bucky knew he had to look completely crazed from the shocked gazes he was getting.
, he didn’t miss one spot. Well, that’s not completely true, much to Tony’s chagrin he missed several inches but Tony was pretty sure that was on purpose. By the time he made it to Tony’s chest after his tour down Tony’s arms, he was no longer able to hold back the light gasps from slipping from his lips as Steve paused to torment and tease Tony’s nipples. When he continued on to Tony’s hips, tongue delving into the small indentations of skin at his abdomen, tiny moans began to seep between his gasps. As he reached Tony’s feet, suckling at the skin on Tony’s toes, small shivers had begun to rack Tony’s body.
Tony was on edge. He rushed through finishing what he was doing trying his hardest to keep from looking down. The sweat pants Bucky was wearing although loose fitting had pulled tight as he sat, molding them around his legs to outline his cock where it rested. Try as he might, Tony could help but notice the length and thickness, mind stuttering around the fact it wasn’t even hard and still that large. Bucky was right about one thing, Tony had an active imagination that was running full speed with all the things that cock could do to him.
. It took me almost 2 years, but I did it. I tracked down every last one of them, all 6 participants. Most were in their 40’s and 50’s by then, bitter and angry at the world. Now I… I can fully understand why they were. To want something so bad, and never be able to have it… That would be enough to make anyone hate everything.”
As Bucky stopped holding back and began to pound into the bundle of nerves inside Tony, he began to lose all reason. When Bucky used the hand holding his cock to rub his perineum, Tony’s vision began to black out as he felt another dry orgasm beginning to emerge. He managed to give a cracked sob of, “Yes… Love it, love it more…” right before Bucky released his grip. He’d never felt a release so powerful, it drown Tony’s senses until he lost touch with anything and everything. Unlike most of Tony’s orgasms that pulsated out and began to die down as it flowed, this one felt like it originated from every cell of his body. It caused Tony’s back to bow completely as his legs quaked wildly, not a sound leaving his open mouth after his initial choked gasp. Tony couldn’t say how long it lasted though it felt like hours, or how long before he was able to breathe again.
… We actually learned about level 10 Sub’s in my day, about their wants and desires, about what it takes for them to submit. But know this,” Steve paused in his speech as his eyes bore into Tony’s. “Even if I hadn’t, I was
Bucky couldn’t help the dark chuckle he released at what he was about to do. “No problem Stevie, told you I’d take over working Tony’s ass until you could do it right,” Sorry buddy, but that’s not gonna happen in this lifetime, “Here let me see if it’ll work better to show you this way.”
He then walked off; whistling for the other Avenger’s to gather up so they could practice. Tony yelled at his back, “Why the hell are you going to the store anyway? We’re superheroes and I’m rich, we have people to do that for us…”
He couldn’t stop the way he fired back angrily as he usually would, “I don’t have to tell you…” But he silenced himself quickly when Steve raised his eyebrows in challenge. He tamped down his typical emotions, stumbling around answer he didn’t want to admit to. “I… My mind is… I can’t stop thinking long enough to sleep.”
That was pretty much the beginning of the end. Tony found himself alone more and more often, listening to the guttural cries of each man flooding the penthouse more and more often to the point he started to avoid it and just shut himself in his lab to work. After coming up for air one day, hoping to catch Steve and get some alone time, Tony saw them together for the first time. It had been about three months into their arrangement and Tony was growing a little tired of being in second place. He had already told himself that he would break it off with Steve a few weeks ago and had tried several times. Problem was every time he tried to talk to Steve, Tony would receive the biggest smile when he walked into the room. Steve would look at Tony as if he missed him more than breathing, and Tony could never find it in himself to make that smile disappear.
Walking on silent feet to the bed on Tony’s side, Bucky uncovered the smaller man bringing his body into view. His hand reached to run over the briefs that were clinging to Tony’s ass, the rest of his body nude. Bucky pulled the fabric down uncovering the treasure beneath. Grinning at what he was about to do, Bucky slipped in beside Tony as he took his cock out to give his lover a surprise.
“Bucky, maybe you should take it easy.” Steve interrupted from where he lay beside them. “I can’t even take all of you…”
Steve laughed softly again as he gave into Tony, pressing their erections together and making them both moan as he peppered kisses across Tony’s face. “I love you so much sweetheart, no one makes angry as sexy as you do.” Pausing in his words he kissed Tony for a moment swallowing his moans. “I want to ask you something, but I don’t want you to feel like you have to say yes. There’s no way I’m not making love to you tonight, not when I’ve been waiting so long for you to want it.”
He felt Bucky a third of the way in when he started whispering in Tony’s ear. The sparks wracking Tony’s body heightened at the knowledge Steve couldn’t hear and Bucky’s words were just him. “That’s it, open up for me baby, you know how… Yeah, just like that, always take me so good… God, can’t deny it to yourself, you were made for me Tony. No one takes me like you do…” Tony began moaning incrementally louder as he shuddered, hardening even further and leaking precum with nearly every movement. “Every day, all I can think about is this, sliding inside you and filling you up. God baby, Umm… Having you wrapped around me is the best thing I’ve ever felt. You are perfection to me…”
Bucky gave Tony a smirk turning him around and sliding him onto his lap. “But you told me no earlier Tony,” Bucky whispered, hardness sliding through Tony’s crease pulling a whimper from him. “You won’t let me have my fun with Stevie, even though I know how hot it makes you.” Tony was lifted as Bucky placed the tip of his cock to Tony’s opening. “Are you going to tell me no again Tony? I can’t let you have this…” Bucky said pushing the tip in slightly into Tony drawing a whimper, “If you can’t give me what I want. I’ll leave the choice to you, baby. If you lower yourself down to take me… Know that I own you, and you’ll need to do anything I ask…”
Bucky chuckled into Tony’s mouth at the loud whine that escaped him for being denied his goal. “Sugar, if you need me to take care of something for you, all you have to do is ask.” Bucky accompanied his words by leaning down to rub his length between the cheeks of Tony’s ass.
Tony refused to look Nat’s way as he sat down uncomfortably at the other end of the table, as far away from that murderous gaze as he could possibly get. After a few moments of tense silence, Steve returned sitting a plate in front of them both as he sat. Resting his elbows on the table, he stared at Tony for a minute before asking, “Tony, don’t you have anything to say to Nat?”
“No Tony, baby,” Steve said shaking his head, “You got it all wrong sweetheart…”
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony as he thrust in crying out, “Yeah Tony, God yes baby. Always wanna be in you.”
As if feeling Tony’s gaze Bucky’s eyes lifted. He began to slide his hands down Tony’s back as he moved whispering low, “Your ass should be a sin baby. The way it moves,” his hands swiped across Tony’s cheeks before stopping to grope them, plumping the flesh in his hand, “The way it feels, inside and out sweetheart.” Bucky’s head went up slightly, giving Tony a hooded stare as a look of ecstasy encompassed his face, “The way you take my dick baby, looking like it’s the best thing you’ve ever felt,” Tony gave a high pitched groan as Bucky gripped his waist, rising to meant Tony’s last roll down, “You were made for me Tony, knew it the first time I saw you.”
Tony was a smart man, but it didn’t take a genius to realize he was losing this little battle of wills he and Cap were having. He decided to stop doing what his father would do and took a page from his mother’s book. As the saying goes, you catch more flies with honey instead of vinegar. Tony decided what he needed to do to catch this particular fly was become his best friend. He’d get close to Steve, figure out how to get under that calm demeanor, and then go back to being the anti-social enigma he usually was.
Blue eyes raised to meet brown as Bucky’s fingers dipped down, teasing the skin above Tony’s abdomen. He leaned forward, breathe ghosting across Tony’s lips but not making contact. “I’d be so good to you to sweetheart. I want to hear you say my name while I’m inside you. Just give me one night with you baby, no one will know but us.” Tony was on the cliffs edge when Bucky finished saying, “Let me give you what you need, Tony.”
They were in Tony’s pool when he spotted Steve coming through the Balcony doors. Tony told Bucky only to have the man penetrate his ass harder than he had been. He had Tony against the side of the pool, hand holding the ankles of each leg spreading them wide. Tony could feel his thighs touching the pool wall each time Bucky slammed home. Leaning to whisper in his ear Bucky asked, “Do you want me to stop baby?” Moaning as Bucky kept up his assault on Tony’s prostate, sending spikes of pleasure surging at each thrust, he shook his head no. “I didn’t think so.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Smiling down at him, Bucky watch as Tony’s eyes rolled back when he began stroking his fingers across his prostate again. “Please Bucky, I… Need you, Uhhh… Can’t take, Mmmm, need you inside… Fuck, Uh, need to come, please, please, please… No more…”
Avoiding Bucky, Tony soon realized was like avoiding air. It’s a damn near impossible task but Tony tried every day hoping to be successful. No matter how he tried to evade the man, Tony seemed to run into him everywhere. Bucky would either already be in the room Tony needed or show up in the one he was occupying. Tony’s plan for space from him was failing on all attempts. He was still suffering from getting hot and bothered at awkward times even after putting Bucky’s arm updates on hiatus.
Tony had grown numb to the pain in his chest from Steve and Bucky, had managed to talk to Bucky more casually without feeling to jealous. He’d even been able to fall asleep after Steve would sneak out their room on the nights he’d designated to spend with Tony only to spend them with Bucky instead. He knew if he told Steve how he felt the man would make himself unhappy just to make Tony happy, so Tony kept quiet. He was used to hiding his feelings so it wasn’t a hard thing to do, and when they were alone together Tony honestly was happy, even if those times weren’t often. Bucky still took up the majority of Steve’s time, but Tony couldn’t complain when Steve was getting everything he got from Tony from him as well as great sex whenever he wanted it.
Kneeling above Tony now, he knew he had the other man exactly where he needed him to be. His glassy unfocused gaze let Bucky know how deep he had pushed him into subspace, where his barriers between what was right and wrong would be buried under the cloud of need he was currently feeling.
Steve was now rock hard again in record time visualizing the dirty things spilling out of Bucky’s mouth. He began stroking his dick and felt a tremor rake through his body as Tony moaned out his approval as well. “You’d like that to wouldn’t you Stevie? You’d love seein’ me fuck Tony for hours, whenever I wanted, coming in him over and over.” Steve’s hand began to move faster along his hardness, moaning at Bucky’s question to him. “Stop touching yourself Stevie.” Steve shuddered as he gripped himself tightly before removing his hand. Opening his eyes to look at Bucky, he saw the other man’s gaze on him. “I asked you a question, answer it and I may let you come again.” Steve’s hands gripped the sheets beside him as he groaned out yes with a nod.
Steve looked a little relieved as relaxed into Tony. “That’s good to know, maybe one day we’ll try it again.”
Tony was floored at Bucky’s maniacal genius, especially at hearing Steve say, “That’s a good idea, Tony’s never been shy and that way you can still do what you need to.”
Even as they ate, Steve made him cut his food into pieces, specifying the exact size he wanted each item to be. Tony couldn’t manage to not roll his eyes when Steve started to feed him those pieces while asking him to explain how Jarvis worked. Before he knew it, he’d told Steve that and about building his other bots as they finished up their meal.
Shaking his head no, Tony turned to speak to Bucky directly. “Nah, anyone of them is fine. All of them have the basics already stocked but the one across from our has the biggest bathroom if that’s your thing. Just take your pick, Mi casa es su casa and all that.” He gave Steve another smile and kiss before saying, “I’m going to head back down to the lab. Just came up to say hi when Friday let me know you were here. You can both come down whenever you’re ready for me to look at Bucky’s arm; I’m not working on anything I can’t pause.”
Steve however he had clear sight of. Tony could see every pant and moan Bucky pulled from him as his hand gripped the pillow he was laying on. When Steve managed to gasp out, “You can… Mhmm… Uh, you can try more…” around his groans.
Oh wow, that was, Steve was… God was his Dom fucking hung…
“God Stevie, I don’t know how you take it,” Bucky started, continuing only once Steve’s hooded eyes fell on him giving Bucky a questioning look. “Fuck, he’s wrapped around me so tight Stevie, sucking me in.” Seeing Steve shudder and grip Tony’s hips with a moan as he sped up his thrusts, Bucky tipped him over the edge when he said, “God, Mmm… It’s like he’s trying to suck out every drop of cum from my balls. It’s like he can’t wait for me to paint my cum all over his pretty face.”
“I retract my statement from earlier. I don’t think you’re the devil, I know you are.” Tony sighed and then leaned forward placing his hands on Bucky’s knees. Bucky finally breathed in relief as Tony kissed him and then leaned back and smiled. “This is what’s ours now. I’ll always have something Bucky Barnes doesn’t give anyone else, the truth.” He smirked at him as he walked away saying, “If you want to see what you’re doing to me, Steve and I are headed to Rosario’s.”
“No Buck... Not that I know of. I don’t think I’ve heard him holler like this before. The cramping must have been really bad if they’re hurting him this much to work out.”
Tony lost track of what Steve was saying when Bucky grab his hips, moving Tony slightly up his length. Mouth dropping open as in a silent gasp, Tony turned to look at Bucky and get him to stop.
The truth of it was, Tony didn’t have a damn clue what the answer could be.
Bucky made his way over, bringing a hand to grip Tony’s neck as he tipped Tony’s head back harshly. Giving him a devilish smirk he said, “You’re mine baby, if you think for one second I’d stop fucking you for anything then you’re completely wrong.” Bucky leaned forward to claim Tony’s mouth; not breaking the kiss to Tony was writhing and moaning in his arms. “The only reason I agreed to that, is because I know how much it turns you on to fuck me behind Stevie’s back.” He gave Tony a smile and pecked his lips again. “Now, we get to do it all the time, even while we’re still in a relationship together.”
Keeping “ch. 3/help” up since I’ll probably revisit this type of fic a few more times, probably Tony/Stephen Strange and Thor/Tony while he’s dating Clint, Bruce, or Steve again. Same format, no hurt feelings though the endgames will differ. If you have any ideas or scenarios you want to see can comment there.
He felt and heard Steve putting the glass down and picking something up from Tony’s nightstand. “Oh she’s not pissed about that. All I got from her rant this morning was something about Clint having a keeper and something about him not just kissing her ass. Reading between the lines, I’m pretty sure you either said or made a reference about Clint you shouldn’t have. If that’s true, I’d say you should know better. That you know the quickest way someone can piss off a Dom is by demeaning their Sub or their bond to their Sub in ways they don’t care for.”
A tremor of arousal creeped it’s way through him as Tony’s eyes grew hooded. His face flushed slightly with heat as he stammered in a low voice, “You can’t… You’re Captain America for fucks sake… You don’t… You don’t do shit like that.”
Steve chuckled, causing Tony’s cheeks to burn when he said, “Hm, I’ll try to remember that for the future. For now, stop trying to plead your case and just eat.” He placed another piece to Tony’s lips beckoning for him to open. “If you apologize and tread lightly with Clint for a few days, Nat will get over it.”
Tony had to close his eyes as he let out a shuddering moan. The arousal bursting through him at Steve’s words left caused his voice to tremble slightly. “Why, just do it, I want you to. We’ve gone over our list, safe words all up and running, what’s the hold up? Just fuck me already.”
Suffice to say, that fight on the Hellicarrier with Steve had less to do with the man himself and more to do with Tony needing to gain control the only way he knew how, by being an asshole. After the battle when they all their separate ways, he was a little grateful. Fighting beside Steve had been too much of a bonding moment and Tony knew if he got to know him he could actually probably like the guy. Then came Tony nearly dying at the hands of AIM and Thor’s arrival to the newly built Avenger’s Tower, asking for the team to assemble and help him find Loki’s staff.
His expression slowly changed from playful to more serious, eyes growing heated as he leaned in closer to Tony. A hand came to Tony’s neck and Steve’s fingers began trailing back and forth lightly. “As for being exclusive, I think we’d need to sit down and evaluate our relationship first. You just let me know when you’re ready to talk about it, and we’ll see about pushing the boundaries of our ‘
Bucky’s gaze over Tony at his words should have set the room on fire, though it did still burn through every inch of Tony’s skin. “So fucking pretty baby, Mmmm… Gonna take you apart every fucking second of everyday. Best fucking part of breaking you… Ah yeah baby, best part is Stevie… been too busy coming from riding my ass... to notice you screaming how much you love my dick…” Tony body locked momentarily all over hearing a dark chuckled moan saying, “Mmmm Tony, I’m 12 inches deep, about to make his boyfriend cum on my dick, and he had to rub against me to cum. Uumm, fuck, and now I’m about to cover you in cum, marking you all over you. Just to show him how much you’re fucking mine, baby.”
Tony pressed his head back to Bucky’s shoulder, body growing taught as he felt his orgasm creeping forward. “Don’t let Tony fool you Stevie.” Tony came shooting over Bucky’s fingers to land on the sofa’s arm and his phone. He continued to shake from it in Bucky’s arms as he felt Bucky slide into him once more before jerking as he came. “He loves the way I take care of him. Can promise he’s never had this much fun with you gone.”
Steve climbed into bed later, spouting apologies which Tony waved off, before holding Tony in those massive arms and asking about his day. They talked for about half an hour before Tony began to drift off, thinking maybe the painful display had been worth it if this is what he got afterwards. Of course time proved him wrong. He barely was asleep a few moments before he felt Steve slip out the bed. Tony stayed awake till morning lying in bed alone, hearing the moans off and on through the night. He pretended to still be asleep when Steve slipped back into bed that morning around 6 and promptly went to sleep.
Tash was right, but Tony would be damn if he let her know it, he’d just get a beer. Putting in his order, Tony felt a hand caress his elbow to get his attention.
Conversation had already sparked back up from Tony’s initial intrusion as Steve leaned in, voice low as he said, “Stop it, settle down, and eat your food.”
Steve’s thumb massaged circles into Tony’s back, Dom instincts no doubt kicking in to soothe the troubled Sub. “It matters to me. I want to know, and I think you
Gliding down the hallway to the living area coming from his room, Bucky almost felt like he should be twirling a long thin mustache on his face. All of his ‘evil’ plans to get what he wanted were running smoothly without a hitch. Were it anybody but Steve, he’d be looking for the trap around the corner somewhere. But knowing how inexperienced his friend was about sex, well Bucky was far from worried. Steve probably hadn’t seen or even thought any of the positions Bucky had put Tony in were even possible for bedroom fun.
Tony’s eyes were hooded as he looked at Bucky, firestorm lighting inside as he continued riding. “Ah, yeah Bucky… Nhhmm, working it in so good… God yes, Mmm, feels amazing, uh, don’t stop... Almost got it, keep… Oh fuck, pumping into my... muscle, Hmmm… Just like that.”
Looking down Bucky said, “Oh,” as if noticing just noticing it, “Gosh, sorry Stevie, but you know how it is.” Shrugging his shoulders, “All the constant rubbing and pushing into Tony over and over, well the friction I guess made me hard.” Giving Steve an innocent smile he said, “But don’t worry, it’s not like I’m going to orgasm because I’m rubbing on him or something.”
Movements unhurried, Bucky made his way to stand in front of Tony. He stopped just short of touching Tony’s body with his own, causing a tremble to glide down the smaller man at the heat coming from Bucky’s nearness. Tony closed his eyes to block Bucky’s form from his view as he ran a hand over his face. Unfortunately, the action did nothing to keep the deep soft spoken tone reaching his ears.
Pulling Tony up to sit in his lap Bucky wrapped Tony’s legs around his waist. He leaned back, sitting on his feet as one hand settled at Tony’s waist and the metal one wrapped around his throat. Tony groaned and tried to lift up and ride the dick that was driving him crazy at the moment but was held in place. Bucky pulled Tony’s face to his own, turning it slightly to give himself access to Tony’s neck and ear. He had placed across both before whispering to Tony, “Now how about we see to you catching up, no more distractions. The only thing you’re gonna be able to think about is how good it feels when I bounce this perfect ass,” Tony gasped when Bucky surprised him with a slap on said appendage, “on my dick.”
Tony’s mouth opened quickly to contradict Steve’s statement, but was promptly shut again when a look a disappointment settled across his Dom’s face. Tony stared down at the table, jaw clenching in aggravation. He was upset at his sub instincts yelling for him to wipe the expression from Steve’s face and because of the fact that Steve was right. Though half his brain had been figuring out ways to avoid this, the other half was desperately trying to figure out how to apologize. He was wounded at the knowledge he’d hurt his friends, his family, so carelessly without any effort.
Tony was in hell.
Less than a month later everything changed, and Tony can say with complete certainty that for once it was
Steve surprised him when he didn’t get angry, keeping the same stoic expression on his face. Most other Dom’s would have been blotchy and red faced, seething angrily at him for the disrespect. But not Steve, he was completely calm, if anything his eyes sparkled with laughter he didn’t emit. “You’re right Tony, we’re not on the battlefield, and I’m not your Dom. If I was, you wouldn’t have missed one meal before I turned over my knee. None of that changes the fact that you
“Last chance to back out Stark.”
All Tony/Bucky chapter with Steve sprinkled as background. Was going to put ch 2 & 3 together but this got to long. So unfortunately you’ll have to wait to get the threesome next chapter. Heads up, it will be a threesome fairly similar to what you’re seeing here in this chapter...
Tony stared back into Bucky’s eyes roaming over him possessively as best he could. “Does it matter baby, does it matter that he can hear that I’m fucking wrecking you? That I’m breaking your ass in so good sugar, it’s jerking all over my dick,” Tony shuddered, eyes fluttering realizing his ass was twitching wildly, almost shaking with the movement, “Doesn’t matter does baby, because I fucking ruined you for anyone else. Stevie will never be able to satisfy you again, if he even could before. Ain’t that right Tony baby, unless you’re getting fucked within an inch of your life by a dick that can hit the back of your throat through your ass, you’ll never be able to cum. You know it, and I know it.”
Not wanting to give the real reason why he didn’t want Bucky to touch him, Tony just accepted this was happening. If he put up to much of a fight, Steve would ask why. There was no way Tony was going to explain to his boyfriend how he was constantly aroused by his friend. As Bucky began to work the muscles in Tony’s feet, Tony began to ache and did his best to hide what he was feeling.
Bucky shrugged again saying, “It’s no problem. You’re ok with it right Tony, this doesn’t scare you?” Tony shook his head no as Bucky saw him run his tongue over his lips. Reaching for his hand out for Tony’s, Bucky began stroking his hardness with the other. “Here why don’t you touch it, it should make you feel better about having it close to you.”
Hearing the question, Steve managed to climb out of his haze to look up as well just as Tony face turned a deep shade of red. Shuddering around Bucky’s dick, Steve’s words were just as shaky as he looked at the moment. “What’s wrong Tony?”
As Bucky leaned back over to Tony giving a small thrust, Tony thought he heard a squeaky gasping noise. All thoughts were driven away as Bucky began driving into him again saying, “Okay Stevie, no problem,” making Tony’s eyes roll and mouth to drop as he gasped, back arching off the bed. “Here, lay on top of Stevie for me sweetheart,” Bucky directed as he pulled Tony forward turning around to face Steve. Bucky’s eyes roved possessively as he pushed Tony back leaning between the two soldiers. “Hold him up for me Steve,” Tony felt hands on his back supporting him as Bucky continued giving Tony a hungry smirk, “Gonna try to finish up quick so I don’t cum all over him.”
smile. “I guess I can try if that’s what you think is best Steve, but I told you before it’s no problem. I still want to be with you no matter what.”
Tony shook his head, he was so not sober enough to deal with this. Luckily Steve was apparently done as well and wasted no further time dragging Tony to the car.
Bucky waved back, gaze roaming up to close on the ceiling as he removed his hard staff from it’s confines. Thinking of Tony, as he rubbed the huge length through his fist, Bucky began to run through all of the devious ways he would make Tony moan with Steve watching. This was all new territory for him, Bucky had never wanted to keep his previous lovers for any extended length of time. All were easily replaced without him having to put in much effort and if they were taken, Bucky never saw the significant other and hadn’t been inclined to ever try. If he had known what it felt like to have his conquest’s come harder than they ever had. If he’d known how it felt to have them screaming under him, getting it better than they’d ever had it right in front their partners, Bucky would have done this decades ago.
Tony sucked hard on Bucky not wanting to lose out on what the other man promised. “Sure, Im just about finished with this,” he said waving the coffee at Steve before he chuckled, “I can’t say I need the work out but I can see why you…. Fuck, mhmm…” Bucky’s words were choked off with a groan.
Grip closing minutely on the flesh in his grasp, Steve’s mouth parted slightly he cleared his throat. Voice somewhat higher than it normally would be, Steve said, “Um, yeah Buck, this is a, uh, that’s a great idea. Should try this for a while, and, uh, see if it works.”
He was only vaguely aware of Steve moving toward them, pressing soft kisses against Tony’s face as well before standing. “Need you to suck me baby, want us to come together while I’m making love to you.”
Tony glanced at Steve and saw him turning a bright shade of red as he guiltily stammered out, “It’s not that...” When Bucky gave him an ‘I call bullshit’ look he finished saying, “It’s not just that. I like to bottom to and Tony doesn’t really like to top.”
Steve nodded looking as if handed an important task. He dropped the tape back to the floor circling to the other side of the punching bag. “Will I need to come over there with you or can I finish up my workout from this side? I’ll be able to see what you’re doing unless it’s really complicated.”
The first time Tony came up from his lab to find Bucky fucking Steve slowly over the couch, he wasn’t sure how to feel. Steve barely noticed Tony’s entrance as he was impaled gradually. Tony ended up giving both men a kiss as he walked by, pretending he had just come up for coffee. Tony stayed down in his lab until well into the night before Bucky came down looking for him.
Steve looked even more worried and opened his mouth to answer, but Tony’s A.I. beat him to the punch. “No sir, lockdown protocols are still in place. Captain Rogers has used Miss Potts override code to obtain entrance.”
Bucky hands reached underneath Tony grabbing the back of his shoulders as Bucky lifted him off the bed. Tony’s legs were still trapped between their bodies as Bucky’s arms held him in the air. It all became too much, Tony’s cock began to let him know it was coming  with or without help in a few moments. When Bucky started thrusting into Tony again, his eyes rolled back moaning loudly from Bucky maneuvered him. Using the grip he had of Tony’s hips, Bucky began lifting Tony across his length, ramming him up and down. “Gonna fill you up with my cum.” Each movement now hitting Tony’s prostate hard dead on, Bucky said to Tony, "I’m keeping you, not letting you go. Say it Tony, say you’re mine.” He punctuated each word by slamming Tony down on his cock.
Tony dried off and headed back into the room, giving Steve a knowing look once he saw him. Steve’s erection was dark red, borderline purple, and leaking to cum to join what had already dried on his chest. Tony poked his head back in the bathroom to get permission to play with him for a moment. Knowing he only had until Bucky reentered the room, Tony quickly made his way over to straddle the other super soldier, removing the gag and arm ties but not releasing his legs. Steve whined as his hands rose to hold Tony’s hips when the smaller man grinded their erections together. Giving a smirk Tony continued rutting against Steve as he said, “Looks like someone enjoyed themselves today.”
Tony lifted his head reaching back to grab Bucky’s hips and stop the movement so he could speak. He should have known Bucky wouldn’t comply completely, but the movements did slow giving Tony time between fire lighting over his body. “I … Sorry Steve, um… I didn’t catch that.”
Tony was frozen against Steve, mind stuttering to a halt as he replayed the man’s words over in his head a couple more times. Looking up to Barnes’ face above Steve’s, Tony caught the man giving him a once over coming back up to meet his eyes. He looked interested in a way that said he wouldn’t consider it a loss if Tony said no, which Tony couldn’t really blame him for when he was fucking the epitome of human perfection every night. This nor Bucky shrugging before he said “I’d be okay with that,” made Tony want to jump at the chance to fuck Bucky Barnes.
Wanting this to end as quickly as possible Tony got right to the crux of the issue. He gave Steve a self-deprecating smile saying, “I can’t fully submit Steve, to anyone, ever. Subspace doesn’t… it won’t ever happen for me. No Dom will ever be able to claim me, never be able to form bond. Sorry for wasting your time Cap, but that’s what you’re doing… You’re just wasting your time. I literally cannot and never will be able to be your sub, or anyone else’s for that matter.”
As his eyes settle on Steve’s cock resting between his legs, he felt the stirrings of arousal. It took him a moment to realize it wasn’t just from himself. When Steve began to harden, Tony realized he could feel the sleepy arousal of the man beside him as well. “Mhmmm… If you don’t stop looking at me like that, I’ll be forced to keep you here for the rest of the morning.”
Tony scoffed through a laugh before his expression changed to one of surprise when Steve turned Tony’s chair around to face him. He’d obviously not thought of what to do after that since he just stared at Tony for a moment, as if trying to work out a puzzle. Once he seemed to finally come to a plan in his head, Tony watched as Steve straightened to his full height. His gaze was still worried but now exuding that confidence Tony knew so well from the battlefield. Tony had to clench his fist, digging his fingernails into the skin of his palm to distract himself; the urge of wanting to melt at the other man’s feet was nearly overwhelming.
Then, the dominant asshole flipped Tony over and started trailing a path back up the way he came. By the time he’d began nibbling at the cheeks of Tony’s ass, Tony had begun to beg and tremble at every touch. “Please Steve, Uhhh… God please, just touch me, I need, I need more. I’m so close… Please Steve, Please.” When all he received in reply were chuckled licks to his vertebrae, he started to pull at the ropes. “Untie me you asshole, if you won’t… Ah fuck, ohhh… If you won’t give me what I want I’ll do it myself.”
Chuckling Bucky’s eyes darkened. “I’m just making sure that’s the only uncomfortableness you feel before I make you scream for me.” Bucky barely slid out an inch before pushing back in, testing to make sure Tony was ready for him. Tony wanted to roll his eyes again at Bucky treating him with such kid gloves. This must have come across his face because Bucky laughed softly again before leaning over, hand bringing Tony’s above their heads and trapping them there. Arousal coursed through Tony at the action causing him to flush slightly. The cocky smile told him that Bucky definitely noticed the reaction and planned to use it against Tony.
Once Bucky had finished his cataloging he began focusing on brushing against Tony’s hot spots. The shivers that were wracking across his body began to be accompanied by the whimpers Tony couldn’t contain anymore. Reaching down Tony gripped both cheeks of Bucky’s ass trying to get him to actually fuck him instead just giving Tony the torturously slow grinds the he had been. The super soldier wouldn’t be budged though, and continued the slow paced circular grinds in Tony, only barely slipping out of the man beneath him. Frustrated Tony let out a throaty groan and looked up pleadingly at Bucky. “Please, God Bucky just fuck me already. Give me more, I need more, damn you…
Tony slowly twitched opened his eyes looking for Steve but only saw Bucky’s face full of ecstasy above him. “Nahh, fuck, Mhmm… don’t stop, don’t stop, Bucky’s, fuck me, he’s, he’s… Ahh, right there, right there, right there, fuck, Uuhhh so good…”
Thanks to everyone for the comments and kudos!!! I’m having way more fun with this story than I should, lol hence why it keeps lengthening. Ch. 4 will be the end and and Steve’s feelings will not be hurt I promise!
Bucky’s eyes came back down to Tony scanning possessively. “I got you sweetheart, bang through this ass every day if you need me to. Won’t stop till I demolish my way through every fucking muscle.” Leaning forward to gain more momentum Bucky stabbed deeper and faster into Tony causing every muscle in his body to clench as overpowering wave of sensations flew through him.
The only answer he received was the vibrations of Tony’s moan traveling through his shaft, breaking the tenuous hold he had on his orgasm. The feeling of Tony trying to swallow around Bucky pulsing in his mouth drew even more cum, prolonging Bucky’s orgasm. After Tony had wrung him completely dry for the time being Bucky pulled him up into a kiss, barely tasting himself due to being so deep in Tony’s throat as he came. Both men were shivering, Bucky from the aftershocks of his own orgasm and Tony from being on edge for so long, when Tony broke their kiss.
Steve reached out a hand to him with a smile. “Your ears must be burning, we were just talking about you.”
“In the morning, when you’re sober, we’re going to talk about this and why you did it. Why you begged to come here and why you’ve been miserable almost every moment since. You’re gonna sit down and finally tell me what’s going on in that head of yours. I’ll tell you this again tomorrow, but right here and right now, I need you to know one thing…”
Chasing the companionship and all consuming satisfaction, Tony began to seeking out Bucky. The first time he did, Bucky smiled brightly as he pulled Tony to him. Having had a nightmare when he fell asleep at his lab table, he went to find Bucky not wanting to be alone. Kissing him, Bucky voiced he was so happy Tony wanted to be taken care of by him. Apparently wanting to show Tony exactly how happy, Bucky tried to suck out Tony’s brain through his dick before fucking him against the living room wall. Bucky relentlessly went at him until Tony came 3 times. After the second, Tony was in tears confused at if  he wanted Bucky to stop or continue at the intense pain/pleasure. Unable to get his legs to work or stop shaking, Bucky had to carry Tony to lie down once they were done. After that, Tony didn’t hesitate to come to the man when he needed anything.
From the phone lying beside his head he heard Steve ask, “I don’t know, Tony what do you think?”
, Bucky was going to drive Tony crazy. No longer able to resist, he’d take Stevie’s little engineer to his bed and after a night of hearing Tony scream Bucky’s name he’d send him back with Stevie none the wiser. Bucky knew Tony wouldn’t tell for fear Steve would leave him, and after a night with Bucky he’d be wrapped around the soldier’s finger anyway. It was never even a thought in Bucky’s mind that he wouldn’t be able to have Tony. The other man didn’t stand a chance of even possibly fighting off Bucky’s advances.
Nat crossed her arms at her chest as she leveled Steve with same angry glare she’d previously been reserving just for Tony. “This is unacceptable Steve and you know it is.”
Tony stood up giving Steve a questioning look as he did the same. “What do you mean? If anything people are better. We’re a lot more open and way less judgmental, I’d think things were simpler now to do than back then.”
Thor’s friendly smile as he walked over to Steve, patting his shoulder lightly once there, was completely at odds with his words. “I’d strike whatever pieces our green friend left behind to ash.”
“Um, yeah baby I know. You always feel so good around me.” Bucky moved Tony to lay beneath him keeping his cock nestled inside the smaller man. Leaning down to kiss his lips again, he smirked as he rose up looking at Steve. “Tony’s so good at taking me. You couldn’t even take half my cock yesterday, but Tony takes every inch and asks for more. He’s the only one who’s ever been able to take my entire cock. Only one I’ve ever been able to fuck as hard as I want without worrying about going to deep. Was barely even able to cum with him baby.” Bucky wasn’t thrusting inside Tony so much as grinding the bundle of nerves inside of him. Hearing Bucky tell him that he was the only one Bucky was able to do this with set his blood on fire and drew a high pitched moan from Tony’s throat.
Steve snorted from behind Tony. “It’s not to know I’m so appreciated. I knew you only loved me for my hands.”
Turning his head and groaning ashamed into the pillow Steve said, “So because it’s my birthday both my boyfriends have to go to bed with a hard on?”
Tony just shrugged as he snuggled closer into Steve’s chest, he’d deal with it later… Maybe. As his mind cleared, he ran through all the ways he could avoid the master spy twin couple for a few weeks. The band in Tony’s head began to quiet more and more as Steve finished feeding him the fruit and sausage he’d brought as well as the toast. By the time he placed the coffee cup in Tony’s hand, he was beginning to feel like a person again instead of a zombie.
Tony’s last words broke Bucky’s very limited self-control as he rolled Tony onto his back, pushing his knees down beside Tony’s head. Tony’s back arched off the bed and his eyes rolled back as Bucky began pounding into him like a man out of control. “Fuck Tony baby, you are good for me. Take my dick like you were made for it sweetheart. I’ll take care of you, give you everything you need.” Bucky looked down to where there were joined and watched his dick hammering into Tony, stretching him wide. “Just one more Steve, gotta make him come for me again. He’s been so good… Taking whatever I give him, can’t help but give him what he’s begging for.”
The last dry orgasm was almost as painful as it was pleasurable. It ran through Tony as Steve gave his whined agreement at Bucky’s words to him. Tony was nearly vibrating as shockwave after shockwave kept shattering through him, body twitching uncontrollably at Bucky’s continued assault.
Starting at Tony’s jaw, Steve kissed and licked every inch of Tony’s skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s face fell as he leaned into Bucky saying, “That could take days, Steve is always around.” Dropping dramatically to his knees, Tony hoped Bucky might go concede to his act submission. As he nuzzled Bucky’s hardness along his cheek, he really couldn’t say how much of an act it was. Tony looked up at Bucky beneath his eyelashes as he gripped his thighs saying, “I need you Bucky, no one’d ever made me feel like you do. I want you so bad it’s driving me crazy.”
Steve’s voice, no higher than a whisper, rang throughout the room as though he had yelled. “You should stop there or you won’t like the consequences.” His tone, so chillingly cold and terrifyingly lethal, stopped Nat in her tracks.
After a few tries Tony finally managed to moan out, “Fuck me, please, need it… God I’m so close, just, just fuck me already and stop being a dick.”
more fun.”
Tony looked down between his folded knees at Steve licking around the sensitive opening and prodding a finger in feeling nothing but shame. After feeling the confident overwhelming sparks Bucky gave him daily, Steve’s uncoordinated flicks of his tongue just weren’t doing anything for him. Tony even started to give him instructions since Steve hardly ever licked him open, but this just served to frustrate them both more. Finally, when Steve’s fingers began their descent inside Tony to press softly at his prostate, Tony moaned lightly feeling the familiar tiny sparks of pleasure briefly. The soft flesh between his legs began to harden again as Tony began to enjoy Steve’s fingers moving inside him. Bucky halted their movements a little while later.
Steve nodded his head, “Yeah, I used to do laps in the pool after working out. Helps relax the muscles.” He sat down on the edge beside Tony’s leg about a foot away; wanting to avoid disrupting the duo should it move.
Bucky tilted his head to Steve laughing lightly as well. “Yeah, I probably owe you another 4 years of Tony gushing before we’re even.” Tony had a hard time swallowing as Bucky’s eyes came back to him while he shrugged saying, “As for the other, can’t help it if I was good at giving them everything they never knew they wanted. It’s a blessing and a curse.”
Steve let out a chuckle saying, “I bet,” as they both recovered.
Exactly where Bucky wanted Tony to be, to clouded to worry about Steve’s feelings.
Thor clapped a hand on his shoulder saying, “I fear she is right friend Stark, you will not last the night at your current pace.”
Smiling Bucky slapped Tony’s ass making the other two men jump. “Don’t worry sugar, I’ll work your ass good and hard in just a second.” Bucky leaned Tony down a little, his hands going to Steve’s chest so he could hold the diagonally seated position. Resting his back on Steve’s bent legs, Bucky’s hand went to grip the plump globes in front of him looking to Steve, who lye slightly propped up on a pillow. Bucky heard Tony’s breathe catch when he slid a thumb inside his sweats testing to see if the man had prepared himself like he instructed. Grinning when he felt Tony’s slick entrance, he focused his gaze on Steve.
Tony could see Steve physically pull himself back to the present as he gave him a genuine smile. “That’s what I mean, I miss walking down the street and knowing everyone I saw. I really,
“Fuck yeah, AHhh, yes, it’s coming… God Bucky don’t stop, Uh, coming apart for you…” The slaps of their bodies coming together echoed through the room, Bucky thrust so powerful he shook Tony’s body with each impact. “God Bucky, so far in... uhh, hammering me so good...” Tony was on fire knowing Steve was watching Bucky fuck him so well but was thinking Bucky was pounding a hand on Tony’s back.
“See Tony, told you it’d only take a sec,” Steve leaned back into the sofa, feet coming to rest on the coffee table, “And Bucky showed you some attention so you wouldn’t have to go into withdrawals.” Tony groaned low when Bucky pushed his shoulders down causing his dick to slide back inside Tony. “You want me to take over now?”
Tony turned Bucky his face strained, “It’s still not working; it’s not working like it did before.”
It hadn’t taken Bucky a lot of time before Hydra to read his partners and figure out their deepest darkest desires. The ones they hid down so deep and guarded so closely they might as well have painted a neon sign for him. Back in the 40’s it would take Bucky about a week to uncover all his partners’ secrets. Now, with his enhanced senses and programming from Hydra, well it only took that first day with Tony.
