"You're always drunk, and you always make a mistake, Harriet Watson, always." Using her full name is weird but feels oddly fitting. There's no running away from what she is, a Watson. Even though she's his big sister, he's always had to look after her, manage her and tell her when she's in the wrong. Tough love is the only kind of love that exists between them when Harry has been drinking. "And now you're letting Clara get away without what, even trying?"
John's brain unhelpfully supplies. He counts with the footsteps, one, two, three. A voice mixes with the footsteps at the fourteenth, and Sherlock's familiar baritone floats into the kitchen,
my best friend. That first month in the hospital, I was still really sick. Body wrecked from trying to heal myself, readjusting to sleeping on a real mattress," he cracks a smile but Sherlock doesn't return it, he just watches John intently, the mug back over his lips, just hovering there. "But I just lay there, thinking about how I finally got to be back home, and you were somewhere out there, but I couldn't go and find you. I had to go and get myself shot," at his words Sherlock's eyes widened, "
She finishes administering care by wrapping his hand snugly in a clean, white bandage and sits back on her heels to admire her work.
John's memory is completely rewritten in light of this new information: their first meeting, that embarrassing night at Angelo's, the pool, The Fall, the night when Sherlock returned, his best man speech, the night Culverton Smith nearly killed him, last night, even last bloody Wednesday, when he'd caught Sherlock staring at him and dismissed it as Sherlock retreating to his mind palace, unaware he was even doing it. His whole life is being rewritten, his identity reshaped into the kind of man Sherlock could love. It feels too big a task, being worth all of that, but John dons it a jumper, determined to make it fit.
John can see Sherlock frown in his peripheral. “Perhaps it is your insecurity and low self esteem that causes your relationships to fail.”
“I do not,” the Doctor gives him a little smile, as if John answered the question anyway. “I’m merely asking a question. Your limp is psychosomatic, yes, and must be dealt with accordingly, which is why I’m going to
"Good," he says, "god, great, Sherlock. That's amazing. We'll... we'll have to move some stuff, sell some of the stuff from the flat, and god, get rid of the whole flat, but that's okay. I'll sort it out. Could we-- could we stay here, tonight?"
“You have regular access to the internet, Doctor Watson?” The question is unexpected, considering John figured he was about to be asked to never speak to Sherlock again.
Sherlock lifts his face to look at him, and his blue-grey-blue eyes are shining with tears, red rimmed and wide as he takes John in. “I’m not asleep?”
He feels the comforting sting of alcohol solution cleaning out his shoulder, the press of a cold flannel over his feverish skin. He manages to tell whoever is hovering above him to leave whatever is left in the hole, the alcohol and further maintenance should take care of it; bullet out, saline flush, alcohol sterilisation, stitch it. STITCH IT.
Sherlock… what the hell possessed you to answer the phone in a sheet? That’s not… that’s not something people just do, you maniac. You absolute maniac.
Baker Street is oddly quiet, no sound of a violin, no faint tinkering of an experiment, and John wonders if Sherlock is asleep, It’s worryingly rare but not impossible. Sherlock had been texting John incessantly late at night the last three days, but not anything about a case. John should’ve texted before he decided to just show up, it
Despite how much John had hated his residency at the hospital when it actually came to leaving, he couldn't help but feel like he was being kicked to the dirt. He had a BAF rent-controlled 'flat', which was really just a bedsit; a bed, a kitchen and one door hiding a tiny bathroom, his army uniform, a few t-shirts and jeans he'd been wearing the past six months, the cane he'd been given after his first physical and some stuff they'd shipped back from Afghanistan. John didn't even know he'd left stuff behind.
The result is instant and unexpected. One moment they're sitting together, hand in hand, as the sun goes down behind the skyline, the next moment Sherlock is on his feet, and there's hot tea dripping from the walls and a shattered mug spread out like shrapnel along the table and floor. There's a piece sticking out of the side of Sherlock's palm like he'd followed the mug all the way to impact and he's swearing, holding his hand as beads of blood collect around it. John had stoop up in the moment and now he waits, giving Sherlock's breathing a few moments to settle before he slowly reaches out, tugging Sherlock back to sitting and kneeling to examine his hand.
Sherlock's eyes scan John's face, trying to read the intention of John's conversation, before he concedes, "yes. All of the cases from private clients are boring, barely worth leaving the flat."
he tells himself. despite how perfectly capable he is, the orderlies are still stripping his bed once a week and doing laundry, he will not-- cannot-- force them to clean up his.. mess.
“Hello. Are you okay?” Trust Sherlock to immediately deduce everything right away. John had just completed a nearly ten hour surgery trying to get shrapnel and stone and dirt out of a soldiers thighs. The skirmishes have been getting more frequent, and more dangerous, and its unsettling something deep in John. It makes him more tired then he thought he ever could be when he steps away from the table.
"Sherlock, I have to talk to you about something." Sherlock's eyes rove over John's face before he nods. John takes a deep breath, "Can I-- I mean, Rosie and I, can we come back to Baker Street? Permanently." At Sherlock's shocked expression, John continues, "I know it's a lot to ask, but last night I realised--"
It's intoxicating, wanting someone like this. He's read all about teenage hormones and increased sex drives at a young age but this… no book discusses this. No book details what this feels like. Wanting someone like this. Needing someone like this.
He unlocked his phone and glared for a long moment, then promptly forgot his recent internal declaration, threw himself from the couch and hurried off his room. He suddenly had an evening out on the town to prepare for.
And the passed nine hours of terror slowly recede into something else entirely, something soft and quiet, something gentle and calm as John finds Sherlock's mouth and slips his tongue between his teeth, holding him tightly, unwilling to let him go, after the inner turmoil he'd been through the entire day he won't be letting Sherlock go, not for anything.
And horror floods John's body as Sherlock goes to move away, shifting out of John's reach as he says softly, "Am I –" averting his eyes to the sheets beneath them, "Am I doing it wrong?"
Sherlock's brain switches from cold, unfeeling, careless bastard back to warm, loving, needing husband, as he holds the most important thing in his life, and
"Yes, I really believe you are a Major, I was simply surprised due to your looks. You look much younger than most Majors."
The stuttered breath John released gave him away as to how much this was turning him on. "Sherlock," he tried again, clearing his throat. "We are in your
John furrowed his brow and looked back to those intense gray eyes. "Why would he want to rattle me?"
It was like a light bulb had switched on. Sherlock understood completely. He pulled John to his chest, wrapping long arms around his shoulders. He kissed his temple and held on, cradling him close. John let out a stuttered breath, clinging to Sherlock.
He was going to talk to him. He really was. He was going to sit him down, look him in the eye and ask him for the truth. He was going to get everything out into the open. Sherlock had promised to share and John was going to take him up on that offer. He had questions. So many questions he was going to have to write them all down.
Suddenly, John wanted to run. Get out of this conversation and away from this devastatingly handsome man. But his legs wouldn't move.
He knows she's seen it and still he can't turn around. He listens with rapidly quickening breaths as there is a soft rustling and then-
And most days, it was enough. It was enough for John just to be with Sherlock, to be with the man he'd loved for nearly thirty years, work beside him every day, the boffin and the bachelor they were called, famous Detective Sherlock Holmes and his sidekick Dr. Watson, living publicly as platonic co-workers and privately as sodomites.
He'd been stepping up his game recently. It had started as innocent ribbing and jesting, finding that they got along, and while Sherlock was undeniably good-looking, he was also rather unattainable, never moving things further along, no outright showing of interest or flirting in general with anyone, John included.
Now he'd let pride and selfishness get in the way and he'd ruined everything over a stupid bastard of a boy who wanted nothing more than Sherlock's body. Not his brain, like John, not his experiments, like John, not his snark or his condescension or his snappishness, like
John berates himself for a long moment, cursing his idiot mouth for doing anything without his brain's permission, deciding this was in fact a horrible idea-
"Earlier," Sherlock manages to murmur under John's tender gaze, fumbling his phone out of his pocket and sliding the screen open, scrolling back to John's message and avoiding his boyfriend's eyes altogether. "You, er… you said, um…"
It starts with the rugby team, whooping and cheering for their captain, and then their dates join in. And soon the crowd is whistling and hollering and Sherlock is too embarrassed to do anything besides look down at his feet.
"Babe, I think Johnny here is a bit put off that we've been doing the dirty and he's getting nothing from Sherlock."
Sherlock tilts his head, anticipating the snog he's assuming is about to happen when suddenly John darts behind him.
Case in point, eighteen-year-old blokes have never been friends to Sherlock. They've been mean and dumb and utterly cruel, and Sherlock is under no illusions that he won't be lucky enough to have a nice roommate. A good roommate. A roommate who will leave him alone and stay out of his way.
"Yeah, alright," Sherlock replied with a sigh in feigned resignation. "I'd better be off. It's freezing out here." He shivered violently with little effort. It really was bitterly cold and only getting colder. "Wouldn't want that fire going to waste in my flat."
Besides, does it even qualify if he's never... done anything? Does he count as gay if he's never touched another boy that way? Never had a boyfriend? Never met anyone he's wanted as a boyfriend until recently?
Sherlock's breath hitched. John tugged on the buckle, freeing the leather strap from the hook and letting it fall open. He moved his hands to the flies of Sherlock's trousers and flicked it open.
"At ease, Cadet," Major Holmes said offhandedly. John fell into parade rest immediately, silently thanking him for the small kindness. Some officers liked to keep them at attention for as long as possible. Especially when they were in trouble.
Scolding himself, John resolutely ignores the rising questions nagging at the back of his mind. No. No absolutely not. This is
He'd rather spend every waking moment defending Sherlock Holmes, taking the punches himself if he had to than spend one more sodding moment with the bastards that did this to him.
"Well, I haven't- I mean I've never...had someone like you in my life." He cursed silently at how pathetic that sounded. He tried to shrug and sound casual as he continued. "It seems as though we discuss your life often and you...share a lot. I felt it was only fair that I share what I do. That's what friendship is, correct? An equal involvement of both parties?"
They've been at it since the cab ride, taking the conversation into the sitting room of their flat, John never catching on that Sherlock is hating every minute of this.
"Last minute decision, Johnny," Paul sniffs as though this information is irrelevant. "Seriously, everyone is waiting for us out on the pitch."
While Sherlock's groin reacted one way, his brain reacted entirely different. His mind begged for more data, more information, more anything about John. He wanted to talk about John's experiences, his friendships, his shitty family, what he wanted out of life. He wanted to know every part of everything about John, and file it away in his John room inside his mind and keep it forever where no one else could touch it.
Curiosity is getting the better of him as Sherlock's gaze lingers on the fine material of Victor's shirt, trying to determine what brand it is and where it had been purchased. It's silly he knows. Sherlock does not need new clothes. He's been lucky enough not to want for much in his young life and whenever he needed new clothing, the items seem to materialize in his closet without a word, no one ever alerting him and Sherlock never saying thank you, though he could take an educated guess as to who was behind the shopping. Mrs. Hudson always did have a knack for knowing things no one's told her.
Nipping and licking and sucking, John moves with purpose, and Sherlock props himself up on his elbows to watch from beneath hooded eyes which promptly fall closed as John's lips press against his bare hip, tongue flicking out to lick along the dip of his pelvis.
Furrowing his brow, Sherlock cocks his head. "I know," he says, a bit defensively, although truthfully he hadn't been sure if it was a sister or a brother. He'd guessed a houseful of women was what John was dealing with but that could have easily been the single-mother-environment giving off that vibe.
And immediately regrets it as John's precious features blur harshly in his vision, seeming unable to stay in one place in his line of sight. He shuts his eyes again. "I need to go home," he mutters so quietly only John can hear. He hopes, anyway.
"Sherlock and I have Chemistry together," he goes on, answering a question no one asked, smiling politely down at the blond boy. "We're doing a project together."
John stared for a moment longer, his brain doing it's best to catch up with the conversation. The stranger waited, straightening up in front of him and smoothing out his face to a blank stare back.
"You know my clothes aren't actually that nice, right?" Sherlock replies in annoyance, yanking his shirt on over top his sleep shirt and turning around to rummage through his closet. "You make a far bigger deal about them than necessary."
from okay. He's never felt so unbelievably stupid in his life. He knows what alcohol does. He knows the affects it has on people who've never drunk it. He's
John goes from focused to angry in a matter of milliseconds. "Really?" he spits. "You think I'd just bail after that?"
Though now, Sherlock is vastly unsure if this was the right thing to purchase for his flatmate because John is currently staring down at the notebook in his hand, features completely frozen, mouth hanging slightly open. He hasn't moved an inch since revealing the entire cover and Sherlock is starting to worry.
"Oh! You must be the famous John Watson!" Mrs. Holmes scurries by her youngest son and hurries over to press kisses to each of John's cheeks before wrapping him up in her arms with all the sincerity she always carries. Floundering momentarily at the affection, John only pauses a second before returning the hug in full force, blue eyes closing at the contact of a mother holding him.
"Yeah. I mean I don't know if anything is true but I heard he fucks some of his students on occasion, and people see him out a lot at clubs. I don't get why the school hasn't flipped out and expelled him."
"William!" Victoria sniped sharply. "Say good morning to Sherlock's guest before you start concerning yourself with your stomach."
"It's not fine. This whole fucking situation is not fine." John's words come out soft and tired as he presses the heels of his hands against his eyes. "I don't know what to say to you."
Sherlock whips to look at him, frowning for a moment before smiling down at his partner. "Oh John, there you are. I'm just waiting for drinks."
Even in the small setting, it's frightening. Seb is doing an excellent job of playing the concerned citizen, eyes wide with worry and fear, as though Sherlock may jump out and steal his innocence using the skin of John Watson to suffocate him. It would be laughable.
"Shut up!" John burst out whirling around, anger curling viciously into every word he spat. "Jesus we haven't even - I don't want to have sex with you Sherlock, god! Just... christ just stop talking to me like I'm some goddamn idiot and leave me alone!"
John shook his head, wondering why Greg couldn't simply pull it together and go talk to the guy he'd obviously fallen arse over tits for. It couldn't be
"Thank you," Sherlock startled himself as he spoke, unaware he was planning to say anything. He took a deep breath. "Yesterday…" he cleared his throat, "That was, um, good of you."
Sherlock barely registers arriving at the front door of Mike's, and apparently now Paul's, front door, nodding politely and silently at some random drunk bloke opening the door for them, grinning wetly up at them as they make their way in. It's not dissimilar to that first party John had dragged Sherlock to, although Mike's bright face had been the one to meet them at the door and Sherlock hadn't been snogging John Watson an hour earlier like he had been this evening.
Turns out, leaving the room is exactly the worst thing John could have ever agreed to do on a day like today considering all he wants to do is peel those somehow ridiculously sexy track pants off of his boyfriend's body and tuck him back under the covers, the sight of Sherlock in perfectly tailored clothing somehow making John's mouth water while simultaneously filling him with a fierce need to carefully remove said clothing and find out what's been hiding beneath them.
And then the blood fills Sherlock's cheeks rapidly, heating his face immediately at the implications of those words. "Mrs. Hudson!" he cries indignantly, mortified that she would even think… that she might
The same argument replayed itself over and over in Sherlock's head. He'd gone back and forth like this for five dreadful days.
Sherlock chuckled and finished for him, then moved to do the same, John lifting his hips compliantly as Sherlock pulled the clothing from his body.
"Touch me," he heard the words tumble out of his mouth in a hushed tone, body swaying toward Sherlock gently, emphasizing the request. His eyes attempted to fly open in panic, to stop this madness right this minute, to scream and pull away and run, run, run.
"How about that time in John's life we no longer talk about because we're together and only sleeping with each other?"
So it's rather gratifying to watch John's pupils dilate as Sherlock shoves him down onto the bed and crawls over him, straddling his hips. "I'm ready," he growls, kissing John's lips. "I'm ready, John."
Having none of it, anger only heightening, Sherlock glared as hard as he could, because the rage he felt at himself needed to be dispelled somewhere else. Somewhere he didn't carry the burden of it. Somewhere he could harness it and not let it cripple him. "You could have figured it out," Sherlock bit back. "You could have found him."
Moran shoved him against the wall again. "Don't fuck with me, Cadet. What are you doing in there with him all the time? Why are you being favored by one of the highest ranked men on this base?"
John blinked. He'd heard rumors? What the bloody fuck was he talking about? John's vision was blurring at the sides, all this information hitting him like a ton of bricks. He was doing his best to breath silently through it, but he could feel his hands and legs shaking violently.
to do so. It's not right. Sherlock Holmes was doing just fine before that blue-eyed boy arrived at his front door and fucked everything up.
"It was close enough," Sherlock lobs back, ignoring the cold shiver at the memory of John lying on the muddy ground. "You need to ice it and leave it immobile for at least 48 hours."
Sherlock fisted his cock and pulled his mouth off with a wet pop long enough to say "Come in my mouth," and then swallowed John down again.
John had long since moved past the 'wrongness' of it all. It wasn't wrong. To love someone the way he loved Sherlock, there was no possible way it could be wrong. It took years of Sherlock's calming words and gentle caresses to coax John into a state of contentment, but in the grand scheme of things it didn't take that long. The war had been their biggest struggle, letters too risky and visits impossible. John had wondered in the months leading up to his deployment if his need for Sherlock would dim with distance.
John has never been prouder of himself in his life for not reacting to that comment. He waits, not moving a muscle.
In his clearer moments, John knows he's being irrational. He knows that people go to uni parties all the time and get completely pissed and they survive just fine and probably do it again the next night. He knows drunk kids at parties aren't unusual things. The rational side of his brain
Sherlock flails, coughing and spluttering as he surfaces. "John!" he cries indignantly, wiping his eyes and shaking his wet hair.
Sherlock's back is pinned against the wall, legs wrapped around John's waist, grinding their cocks together, moaning and panting and grabbing and rutting.
Sherlock blew out a heated breath and watched as the hot air mixed with the cold and rain and danced into smoked designs, twisting this way and that. He grinned, wholly pleased with himself after the nights events. He was becoming a bit dazed and continued his trudge home, running his hand threw wet hair, his curls wilting in the light rain. Sleep was all he wanted.
Sherlock crept quietly along in the early morning drizzle and fog back to his flat, feeling uncharacteristically tired. After days of no sleep and then unexpectedly coming across a robbery in progress after leaving John the night before, Sherlock figured his body was coming down from the rush and he'd have to surrender to a few hours sleep. He tugged his long coat tighter to him, mind still reeling from the night before and he smirked at the memory. He attempted to go through the facts again, cataloging the adrenaline rush, the flash of the knife glittering in his mind, but his brain wasn't responding as sharply as it normally did and Sherlock fought to keep his eyes open, drowsiness washing over him in steady waves.
"Excuse me?" John demands, about to make a move toward yanking Sherlock right back to his side thank you very much. Tonight is their night, Sherlock is
. How moronic it was of him to assume anything other than what is happening right this bloody minute, though to be fair he hadn't thought past
He can see Anderson's bright red face. He can see his mouth moving furiously and spit flying and arms waving. But if someone paid Sherlock a million dollars to repeat what Anderson had just said, he would have failed miserably.
And he'd been waiting. Which was probably the worst of it. He'd been waiting; hoping the right time would come along and he could blurt it out freely and openly, and John would turn to him and smile and that would be that.
John grinned. "You're pretty when you laugh." He thought back over that then realized: "Actually, you're pretty all the time. So pretty. Your eyes are all pretty and your hair. That hair! Mm. Pretty pretty pretty."
After their moment up against the door of Sherlock's flat, John had cleaned up in the loo then snuggled up onto the couch, looking thoroughly debauched, blue eyes practically gleaming with satisfaction. Sherlock had made tea, doing his best not to look so smug but every time he looked at John, he grinned, quite pleased with himself for being the one to make John look like that.
, Sherlock can't help himself as he smiles and giggles and finally has to pry himself out of Mike's grip only to find John right at his side, taking his hand again and leading him over to get drinks, planting a kiss to Sherlock's cheek as he hands him his beer and tossing his head back with a laugh as Sherlock blushes.
"Your brother is a fucking prick," John growls, throwing his bag on the floor under his bed with a huff, barely registering anything Sherlock had just said. "A complete and total wanker."
." Freezing on the last syllable, John's movements faltered, his body pulling taught and mouth falling open.
"Hello gentlemen," Mycroft's pinched smile greets them as he holds fast to Greg's hand and John turns just in time to see his own boyfriend's jaw drop as he comes back from the benches.
John laughs. "Yes, Sherlock. Come on. This new exciting life of yours isn't just about getting off."
"Woah, Mike, relax. I'm not going to anyone's house to do anything. You think I'd go spend a weekend alone with some stranger?"
And then drops to his knees in one fell swoop, bringing Sherlock's trousers and pants along with him, pulling them down to pool at the boy's ankles. Settling shaking hands on broad shoulders, Sherlock fumbles his way out of the remainder of his clothing, heart clenching slightly at the sight of John assisting him, helping him step out of his boxers and kick them aside, flushed cock bobbing freely at the exact height of John's mouth. He bites down on the inside of his cheek to keep a groan from falling from his lips, which proves futile as the groan turns into a deep, internal growl vibrating his slender frame. John peeks up at him from where he sits on his knees, deep blue, all-too-innocent eyes boring in him with such intensity it makes his body shiver. "I've wanted to do this for such a long time," John breathes below him, holding eye-contact as he slips his mouth around the head of Sherlock's cock and sucks generously.
taking over his entire being, making every nerve-ending in his body tingle with a happy warmth he didn't realize he'd been missing. He loves it out here in the country. He loves this little town. He loves this house. But most of all, he loves the people who are currently
John understood that feeling all too well, down to the very core of his being. It's exactly the way he felt about Sherlock.
He attempted to dip his hand in his pocket for his phone, but couldn't quite seem to catch his hand in the fabric, his arms feeling heavy as lead and decided it was too much effort.
“Come, I’m going to take you home and spoil you once we get there.”  And in no time they find themselves in the back of a cab headed for Baker Street.
"Can't get anyone to touch you while I've got two birds chasing my dick," Anderson sneers before shaking his head in mock disapproval, lingering a repulsively meaningful look along the genius boy's frame like he and Sherlock are sharing some sort of secret, like Anderson
Besides, it isn't like anything has... happened. It isn't like Sherlock has conducted some grand experiment to come to this conclusion. It just sort of... is. He just is. It didn't much affect him either way, finding both genders and people in general rather uninteresting and idiotic and a complete waste of time. But the idea of touching a boy isn't wholly unappealing. It isn't the
John ran an unsteady hand through his hair, gaze falling from Sherlock's face to the floor, face crumbling to a look of exhaustion and complete resignation. "Sherlock," he mumbled.
The man's eyes were so wide Sherlock thought them in danger of popping out of his head entirely. He glared down at him until the man nodded vigorously, glancing from side to side, clearly trying to figure out how to get out of this situation.
Sherlock clears his throat and kicks at something imaginary on the carpet. "Um... her-her name is.. M-Molly Hooper?"
Sherlock's fingers untangled from John's, sliding up his arms in a smooth, sensual motion, trailing over his shoulders and collarbone and neck, coming to rest just along his jawline, effectively cupping John's face in his hands. He leaned in slow enough to allow John to pull away if he needed and laid several chaste kisses on his lips, thumbs stroking along John's cheeks. A small gasp escaped Sherlock's lips and John only then became aware of his own hands resting against the sharp bones of Sherlock's hips, clutching him closer, pulling at him to further their touch. Sherlock complied, stepping one foot between the small space of John's, sliding his knee between John's thighs, and pressing their bodies together, from toes to lips. John moaned softly at the warmth of Sherlock's skin, grip tightening to keep him this close.
He didn't want to spend time with anyone else. He didn't want to sleep with anyone else. He didn't want to know anyone else.
Sherlock stopped, that excited gleam back in his eye as he turned to John. "My perceived arrogance isn't about age, John, it's about intellect. My mind is far more superior then most."
"It's John," he whispered, lips shaking over the name he hadn't spoken in years. "It... it's John Watson."
Mike was suddenly very serious, looking off behind them with a stern look. "That's what I'm worried about," he murmured absentmindedly, then "I'll be right back."
"Sherlock," John moans his name into the steam surrounding them, the sound wanton and breathless, like he just can't help it and it
, Sherlock thought. To consider his close friend for sexual experiments. The blonde had clearly zero attraction to his friend.
The ringing of Sherlock's phone was the only thing that could have paused this discussion, Sherlock finally feeling like they were getting somewhere. "Sherlock Holmes," he barked into the mobile.
And when he hears it, after falling to the ground for the third time that day as another unseen person in the crowd throws a leg out and trips him, Sherlock knows he's not paranoid.
He shakes himself into responding when he sees a smirk forming on John's face and narrows his eyes. "Absolutely not," he said indignantly. "I don't have
Blinking for a long moment at the insinuation, worry creeping up the back of his neck that maybe Molly knows something she shouldn't, a flitting, loose thought floating through his brain that maybe she's suggesting he send an anonymous heart to his best friend and wouldn't that just be the end of his world as he knows it, before he realizes he's simply being teased and Sherlock snorts derisively, eyeing the order form with disdain and huffs. "No, thanks."
"So, how're things?" Molly's sharp voice comes from the left of John as he settles into his usual seat for lunch a few short weeks later. He's been teaching Sherlock so many
John's fork freezes halfway to his mouth, his eyes flicking up from the macaroni on his utensil to Sherlock's curious face. His neck begins to turn pink as he says, "Sorry?"
And if Sherlock's fingers find their way into the hairs at the base of John's neck and if his breath in John's ear quickens just a bit as they move and if a small, sad little
*WARNINGS: There is some thinly veiled talk about date rape in this chapter! PLEASE KNOW THAT NOTHING LIKE THIS IS GOING TO HAPPEN IN THIS STORY! I PROMISE OKAY? ABSOLUTELY NOT. But there is discussions of it so please be advised and if this is a trigger for you PLEASE BE CAREFUL! Also warning: There is a cliffhanger at the end of this and there will be another in Chapter 11. All will be righted in Chapter 12. I think it's only fair to warn you!*
"Yes, as a matter of fact, he did," Sherlock snaps back, refusing to turn around. What would be the point? Seb will keep on talking, whether Sherlock looks him in the eye or not.
This had become much more convoluted than it needed to which put John way out of his comfort zone. Before joining the newspaper, before Sherlock Holmes, John had gone the casual route. Casual dating, casual sex, no strings attached, no relationships. That's what uni was for, wasn't it? For the two years John had been in uni thus far he'd rather enjoyed himself, reaping the benefits of being the rugby captain, not so much taking advantage as taking the opportunities presented to him. After a couple serious girlfriends and a somewhat confusing drunken encounter with a rugby mate in secondary school, John had determined he was bisexual and ready to explore. And explore, he had.
John stared. And stared. And couldn't stop staring as his mind turned over and over. His sister was lying drunk on his couch. His parents, who apparently hated him, were getting divorced. He frowned. "Wait a damn minute," he said suddenly. "Why are you here? You could have called and told me all this, you know. Not that you call anyway but if you felt it vital information for my life, why didn't you pick up the phone?"
The best part is John. John with his gorgeous blue eyes that soften with such fondness every time he looks at Sherlock it makes his heart ache. John with his shaggy dirty blonde hair that drifts just to the left of his forehead constantly making Sherlock want to drag his fingers through it and pull him close. John with that damn grin that lights up Sherlock's pounding heart with such brightness it makes it hard to breathe.
"Did you tell him?!" Mike crows as he swings an arm around Paul's neck and jostles him with a grin back and forth between the two boys, his round cheeks still bright red from the chilled damp practice they'd just endured for the last hour. "Did you tell him about tonight?!"
"Umm..." God it was hard to think when looking at that beautiful face. "It was... Bill...and Jamie... And Andrew... And Frank... And John...And-wait." John burst into more giggles. "Me. John is me. I'm John!"
He also plays rugby for the university, divides his time between the gym and the field when he's not home where Sherlock prefers him to be, fit as hell, strong as an ox and
"You can stay if you want," Sherlock garbles half-heartedly, wanting nothing more than to be back at home, back in their room,
"Does it matter?" John croons, pushing off the frame and stalking toward him. "I'm awake now. And I have no intention of going back to sleep."
"Yes," his mother replied, turning to fix him with a serious stare. "Mrs. Hudson would like you to ensure that that happens."
His body physically ached as he watched John lay his head against the stranger's chest and close his eyes as though comfortable in the embrace. Sherlock knew better then to think John was actually enjoying himself and just very drunk, trying to keep himself up, but the facts didn't change his reaction to the touch.
The blast is sharp but quick and Sherlock is unfurling and straightening too soon, leaving John feeling oddly cold and alone.
"Oh fuck-" John lurched forward, hips rocking harshly as he spilled himself onto Sherlock's stomach. "Oh-oh god, oh
. He knows good and damn well Sherlock loves it when John teases him. He can't help his response, already feeling ten times better as he has a meaningless but wonderful chat with his favorite person.
John laughed. "Okay so if you're doing all this 'investigating' all the time, when do you have time to study?"
A thin layer of ice has seemed to have frozen John's veins at Irene's words, a cool shiver running down his spine, not in fear, but in utter, blinding
The mysteries around Sherlock only seemed to intensify after they "came clean" about their feelings to each other. Sherlock had gone on a rant during their conversation and the only phrases John could remember were 'can't reveal everything about myself right away' and 'things I will need to tell you but not all at once' and that he wanted John to 'be very observant' when they spent time together. The one clear sentence John could cough up was: 'I don't want you to make your decision until you've seen and heard everything about me.'
"Sherlock, what is going on?" John repeats more insistently, voice breaking around his words and Sherlock pulls back slightly to find twin tear tracks along John's face.
Even without seeing it, John is fully aware his grin has turned a bit rapacious. "Well, then," he practically growls. "Let me show you."
He found a blank piece of paper in the main room, scrawled his number on the top and below that, wrote:
"Okay," Irene concedes, apparently dropping the point and Sherlock breathes a silent sigh of relief, feeling like maybe he's had his fill of this conversation for the day. It's getting tedious, everyone so concerned about him. He isn't a
If John hadn't already come to that conclusion on his own, Mycroft's words would have felt like a punch to the gut. But he had. And they only stung a little. "Yeah," John sighed tiredly. "You're probably right. I don't. But if you'd just step aside, I could talk to him and we could sort that out for ourselves."
John, who belongs to all of these other people. John who has friends and an entire team of mates and girls batting their eyelashes at him. John who has so much more in his life, so many other things to do, so many other people to spend time with. John who doesn't sit around all day watching the clock and waiting in anticipation for dinnertime to roll around so he can
Sherlock nods against John's chest. "Better than okay." He gives John a little squeeze. "Thank you."
"But… John…" Sherlock tries again though his tongue feels heavy in his mouth. But John should know. John
The dark green pitch seems to glow surrounded by grey buildings and the familiarity of it rights something in John that has been twisting uncomfortably for days. He picks up his pace a bit, barreling toward the field with his friend in tow and his limbs start to feel loose. He hadn't realized how much tension he's been holding since he arrived on campus and met Sherlock Holmes.
"Through your stomach?" Sherlock rolls his eyes and shakes his fondly down at his roommate, already making his way to the door.
Catching up to the game almost too late, Sherlock's pinched brow smoothes itself out and raises in understanding, lips tipping up into a grin as his glances pointedly above them. "Oh I see," he nods very seriously up to the green and red bundle hanging just above their heads. "Well. Good thing there is mistletoe just there, now isn't it?"
"Oh god," Victor whispers, before the two soft words lilt over with a chuckle that turns into a full-fledged cackle. "Oh that is so
He sucks in a breath before typing out a second message, hoping a small jab will loosen the tension in this exchange and get them back on solid ground.
, yes- I-I know but-" John keeps attempting to talk as Sherlock grinds his pelvis against him, because he doesn't want to talk, he doesn't want to think, he just wants John in every way possible.
Sucking in a gust of air, the genius boy realizes he isn't breathing properly, his breath coming in short gasps like he's coming down from hyperventilating, unable to catch anything deep enough in his lungs to soothe his panic and he turns to clutch at the arm attached to the hand on his shoulder, glancing up just in time to find Mike Stamford nodding steadily at him and patting his back.
The man's eyes widened. "OH!" he said happily, hands clapping together. "Are you two- oh my word, are you two a
Nothing. He can do nothing except kiss that gorgeous boy until they're breathless and panting, hearts beating against each of their chests until they begin to thump in time with the other, tongues rolling together and lips colliding closing and sucking so gently, hands soothing down each other's bodies and up into fringe and down onto arses, wrapping themselves up in a moment Sherlock is loath to end.
Warmth blooms in Sherlock's chest, nestling comfortably between his ribs and slowly spreading through his body.
After months without, after weeks of believing this would never be something he'd have again, Sherlock shudders uncontrollably as he spurts onto his own stomach, vision blurring slightly with the effort not to blink.
being Sherlock's roommate and the blond boy feels the need to remind whoever is making this accusation that that is in fact
He made it a point to remember his network's voices in case of times like these. Payphones were ideal for dropping information when an in-person meeting wasn't possible.
Truth is, he doesn't mind Irene most days. Mainly because she's not a complete imbecile. He'd been paired with her in their shared Chemistry lab just the week prior, and before he'd gotten a word out as they'd settled at their shared table, she'd announced, "You better not be a fucking moron. I need to pass this class and have no interest in working with an idiot."
And just as he'd assumed, John's features fall slightly. "Oh," he sounds slightly disappointed and Sherlock hates it. "Right."
Which is of course when Sherlock peeks his curly head out from beneath the comforter and offers one serious glare at the three boys in the doorway. "Oh god,
"Not much to tell, really," Sherlock shrugs, averting his eyes but keeping his grip on John sturdy. "They died in a plane crash when I was twelve. I don't remember a lot before that."
"Oh, absolutely," their captain grins, face beet-red from laughing. "He's a complete nutter but definitely worth meeting. I mean he's not the friendliest of guys but… I dunno, he's done remarkably well with you, John."
Sherlock doesn't quite follow but John is grinning widely at him and Sherlock decides he doesn't care if he understands or not and sets out on memorizing that sweet, delightful face John is currently making.
John groans, hands unclenching and sliding up into Sherlock's unruly curls, threading his fingers into what could only be described as silk and holds Sherlock's head in place while he explores his mouth. He runs his tongue along the line of Sherlock's lips, nudging them apart and delving inside, the heat of Sherlock's delicate breath swooping hot and heavy into John's own mouth. He does his best not to grin as Sherlock's tongue reaches tentatively toward his and taps it gently, timidly, like he isn't sure what he's doing.
"Well, unless there is a mistletoe, of course," John replies, attempting nonchalance as his lips twitch. "I mean I can't just be handing out kisses on Christmas Day like some slag."
He freezes, the silent night falling mute around him as everything narrows down to this all too familiar figure moving toward him.
It takes one lengthy second for what exactly is happening to sink in, John's mental gears always a bit slower than his partner's, comments and attitudes shifting and changing until John sees the picture clearly and then.
"Hey!" John called, jumping off the bed and scurrying to his dresser to find a pair of pajama bottoms so at least he could keep some of his dignity, having never had a lover run out on him like this. He hurried out into the main room to find Sherlock just finishing buttoning up his shirt. "What are you doing?"
"I'm good," Sherlock says a bit firmer than he'd meant, shifting away a bit on the couch until he bumps the armrest and glances up to meet his Chemistry partner's features with a solid refusing glare, expecting a bit of deflation or at least another half-hearted attempt to force him to take the beverage.
," Sherlock all but barks, horrified at the implication. "I won't- I'll stay in the other room. So you don't have to reconcile two sets of stairs."
." He makes a face like tinsel has personally offended him during some dark time in his life. "It's annoying more than anything."
impulse. It's not a petty jealousy that someone else is interested in Sherlock Holmes, although John supposes there are elements of that as well.
"I assumed it was implied that you were coming." Sherlock was pulling on his gloves as though John weren't seething in front of him.
Sherlock had to fight down the smile he wanted to return. He liked this stronger almost flirty John. He knew he had it in him, and it killed Sherlock to admit he was excited to see him out. He forced himself to keep his cool demeanor. He couldn't let John know how he was making Sherlock feel. "Again, Mr. Watson, I had a specific goal in mind last night. I did what was necessary to meet that goal."
Stars exploded behind John's eyes, mouth opening against Sherlock's neck in a guttural moan, the taste of Sherlock's pulse fluttering against his tongue only adding to the pleasure.
Shaken free from his inner-turmoil with four words, Sherlock jumps slightly at the sound of his mother's voice floating down the hallway from the kitchen, breaking the spell of his swirling thoughts and his shoulders finally relax. No time for a meltdown now. It's
John peered into the kitchen, finding a very expensive looking microscope sitting on the table, surrounded by petri dishes and more assorted items. John cocked his head. This was by far the weirdest place he'd ever visited.
"What?" Sherlock snaps a bit too harshly, breath coming out sharply through his nose as he narrows in on his Chemistry partner looming in the doorway. The source of his problem. The idiot who may have just ruined the most important friendship he's ever had. The idiot who is now the
And for the first time in months, Sherlock sleeps soundly, knowing in the morning John will be there.
Sherlock furrows his brow. "What? Why would you ever-" He freezes as John's face turns red with mirth. "Oh. You're joking."
"Let me just grab my coat," John says, hobbling off the kitchen stool and doing his best to walk normal. The boot really does work well for him. He may just be useful.
"I liked..." John trails off before finishing his sentence, glancing around at anything but Sherlock, gently shaking his head. "Yeah, I- I liked it."
Sweat sluices between them as John thrusts harder and faster, his chest vibrating with Sherlock's rumbling words, his cock wet and hard and aching against deliciously plump arsecheeks, the warmth between them making his head dizzy, narrowing his senses down to only this, only the point where skin meets skin, only Sherlock. His mouth falls open to taste the salted dampness against that long glorious neck, tongue laving lazily along hard tendons as pleasures builds rapidly, spiraling faster, coiling tighter and tighter.
John choked. Actually choked, sputtering out what he hoped sounded like an apology, scurrying over to her and sticking out his hand. "H-hi Mrs. Holmes, it's a pleasure to meet you, really," he blurted, because even if this were the most horrific moment of his life, meeting Mrs. Holmes after not only sleeping in her house
Those sharp eyes, now lidded and clouded a dark grey with arousal, stared down at John Watson like...like he was everything. Like Sherlock's whole world, whole bloody existence was only complete because he had John.
The blush rushes back in full force but those ethereal eyes seem incapable of freeing themselves from John's gaze as Sherlock stares up at him, looking so soft and rather shocked and, fuck,
his imagination isn't running wild, he's certain he isn't missing the fact that he and Sherlock graze arms or legs or several other body parts multiple times a day. He's certain that Sherlock ventures to his side of the room more often than ever before, positive that the genius leans over his shoulder to look at his computer and nudges past him and sits far closer to him than he has ever done in the past month and a half.
Sherlock blinks. Christ, it sounds like a promise. Like a commitment that he will in fact see Sherlock around. Like maybe they'll have another interaction like this soon.
And just like that, Sherlock stopped on the sidewalk and turned to John. "I'd better head back home," he said flatly. "Thank you for, uh, coming along."
John feral grin answers his question but his words do things to Sherlock he never knew were possible.
Nights like tonight make it feel like it's not a farfetched possibility. Like maybe John comes to him for a reason beyond their friendship. Like maybe John feels more than just a friendly bond with Sherlock.
"And I know it won't happen again," John sneers teasingly and Sherlock peeks up at him from under his lashes. John grins. "We have rules now."
"Mmh-oh," John murmured as he moaned audibly and jerked his body forward, holding tightly to Sherlock's shoulders.
And John's heart turned over in his chest as Sherlock carefully loved him, with his hands and his mouth and his body, and John made a silent promise that if he could do one thing in his life, he would tell this man how much he loved him every single day for the remainder of his existence.
John sobbed into Sherlock's skin, pleasure firing from every cylinder of his body, thrusting into Sherlock's fist, panting harshly. Sherlock's hand dragged back down his length, and the head of his cock bumped against Sherlock's own erection.
Ducking his head to hide his flushed cheeks, Sherlock rattles off his order without looking at the man standing in front of their table while John leans back in his seat, easy as you like, and asks about the best sauces the restaurant has to offer and what type of pasta goes with which, like he hadn't just rocked Sherlock's entire world for the tenth time this evening.
when we get home, you can be as loud as you like but tonight we've got to keep it down. It's bad enough we're doing this in your parent's house, we're no better than Greg and -"
"I know just - good Lord," Paul laughs humorlessly, running an anxious hand through his hair. "I knew this was coming, I don't know why I'm so jumpy."
John's barely-there muscles shifted under his tattered, blood stained shirt, body tightening in on itself against Sherlock's words.
A small laugh trickled over his lips, but Sherlock was able to regain his composure. "Perfectly fine. You may want to knock before you go in."
Sherlock is on his feet before he's even thought about it, the heavy ache in his chest loosening slightly at the sight of blue eyes blinking back in concern.
Because that boy went and applied to university, moved into a dorm room and laid eyes on John Watson and since that very first day, that very first time that blond boy arrived in his room, everything in Sherlock's world has changed.
John huffs a laugh that promptly turns into a groan, grip assisting in the movements on Sherlock gliding up and down on his length. "You really h-have to ask?"
"Take the dramatics down a notch, brother mine," Mycroft's response has nowhere near the fear it should have from Sherlock's tone. "It's not all as sinister as you believe it to be."
"You're coming with?" the blond boy grins, shaking his head at his teammate. "I'm shocked, Cap. You never come out with us."
it's getting so much harder to keep in on a daily basis because it's the truth. It's the truth and it makes him
With a heavy put-upon sigh, Sherlock concedes and John lets go of his hand willingly, calmer now that he's had a moment to stake his claim once more, ignoring the low internal growl from the beast he cannot tame and instead forcing the side of himself he can control to be comfortable.
"But that's the whole point!" the dark-haired boy cries. "You won't be with me. Ever. We'll always be apart, always waiting to see each other again. I'll always be...without you."
tossed him out, truly kindly, saying Mike was worried sick from the night before and Sherlock didn't want to keep him from his flatmate, giving some speech about not interfering with friendships. John had protested and Sherlock had promised dinner Friday, then hailed him a cab and kissed his cheek.
"Love you? Yes, I do. Of course, I do. I love you, Sherlock." Sherlock releases a noise that sounds somewhere between a squawk and a laugh and then his big hands are cupping the back of John's skull and pulling him forwards and into him. John expects it to be a kiss but Sherlock is wrapping his other arm around his waist and hauling him up and over, deceptively strong, and deposited him in his lap, his riotous curls getting in John's mouth as he buries his face into John's neck. In his surprise, all John can do is wrap his arms around Sherlock and hold him steady. It takes a few shakes of Sherlock's body for John to realise he's crying, and when he does, he cards his fingers gently through Sherlock's hair, tangling his fingers in it and using it to gently tilt Sherlock's head up. Sherlock's eyes are shining when he looks up at John and a few tears are tracing down his cheeks. "Are you okay?" John asks softly.
I'm not sure if old mate COULD survive a surgery like that but John is a very good doctor so we'll pretend yes.
keep interfering, sticking your stupid nose where it doesn't belong. I don't believe you, not until I hear it from Sherlock."
to think about Sherlock Holmes. In that strange way that all humans find someone else to blame for their problems, John's brain latches onto
Then there's the other residents, eyes glazed over by pain or meds or memories, or entirely vacant, the nurses who smile at him with barely disguised pity, the food which is tasteless slob, the uselessness of his arm which is kept in a sling. Oh, and his bloody leg. Diagnosed by the house doctor as psychosomatic, like John didn't know that.
John thinks again, taking in the dark bags under Sherlock's eyes, and the time in London. They start as early as Sherlock's schedule would allow, even though four hours later it's long past midnight for John and creeping near to 2am for Sherlock.
Light. this time he recognises the medic bay. He has survived the surgery. He is alive. Anger boils in his chest as he breathes shallowly.
"Do-- did you mean it?" Sherlock asks, voice hushed, "do you really... want that? Want me, like that?"
“Yes. Lestrade had brought in a very interesting case and I have been awake for 72 hours solving it."
"She's fine. I'm just not very receptive to psychotherapy." Sherlock nods like this is a clever way to be. "And neither are you, but-- Sherlock, would you consider-"
Does my having not been in a relationship really shock you? Surely you know by now I am rude, without filter or desire for one and, as you’ve established, a drug addict. I’m not generally very conducive to close relationships of any variety.
All of the deductions and guesses Sherlock provides are made entirely from my brain, so there is likely a lack of verisimilitude, have grace. However, any snarky comment or opinions Sherlock holds are not necessarily reflective of my own.
“I’m not trying to hurt you, John, I’m trying to understand. Why will you die?” John squeezes his eyes shut, pressing his palms against one another to try to ground himself. It's almost a mirror of Sherlock's steepled hands and John laughs at it, harsh and unamused.
“You’re a doctor, aren’t you? In your medical opinion, Doctor, is a man who was raped and beaten, unable to defend himself because his body was wasted by heroin and cocaine and
John has been at the rehab facility for just under four weeks, nearly done with the first of the 'suggested' (the BAF will pay for six months, but an injury like this is forever) period at rehab. All of the healing his body should've done since his injury but had instead been fighting to keep his heart beating has begun and his shoulder aches and itches during the day and screams with pain at night. They give him pain medication and it dulls the screaming ache to a background throb for the few hours its in effect, and he takes the sleeping pills at night which plunge him into blessed dreamless sleep. They'll start weaning him off both soon and John isn't sure how he can live without them.
Sherlock! You can’t be serious. If that woman really is smuggling drugs in for her son you need to report it! What kind of mother would set her son up in a rehab centre and then bring him drugs? You have to be mistaken, the orderlies would’ve noticed if the kid was getting high
He’s pacing by his door, cane discarded by his desk where he left it, ignoring the uneven ‘thunk-lift-think’ as his dud leg is slower to catch up. He feels rubbish. He feels absolutely rubbish. He didn’t know how much he’d let go of his ability as a doctor until he was in that room, shouting at that poor woman about it. He’d have to apologise to her next time.
“Are you angry with me, Doctor Watson?” It sounds more like a challenge, an admonishment than a genuine question.
He strokes himself faster and faster, mimicking the vision of Sherlock bobbing down on him, until the eidetic vision of his fingers tangled in Sherlock's wet hair and the contented hum of the detective around his prick tips him over the teetering edge and he's coming, barely able to hold back a groan as he spills over the shower floor.
John thinks about all of the other things he wants to say, but swallows them down. Sherlock is likely still reeling from his nightmares and John’s intrusion, and would be a bit more conducive to a conversation tomorrow, a very important conversation. Because this experience had made up John’s mind about something: he is never leaving 221B, or Sherlock, ever again.
He wasn't sure how Sherlock was going to react when he'd figured out what Mycroft had done, but he figured it would derail the rest of what he wanted to say and he was just warming up. "I was counting down the
He tears down the bit of tinsel hung across his door frame and slams the door shut, imagining in his head the amused eyebrow Sherlock would raise at him if he saw it. It was a bit childish, but he's in a strop and he doesn't
exacerbated by some recent event? Mary's death? Their fight? or, everything that happened at Sherrinford?
Molly Hooper is an acquaintance of mine, a pathologist at Barts who helps with cases. I have never and will never be ‘interested’ in her, though I am quite sure she holds a torch for me. I do not encourage her. Neither Mrs H, who is my landlady. She owns the flat in which I live and gives me a great discount for it, though it would be much cheaper with two, I cannot imagine someone would want to be my flatmate—I sometimes don’t talk for weeks at a time and that seems to bother most people, plus I play the violin at all hours. Relationships are finnicky and base, and women are certainly not my area.
“I just think… he’s going mad in there, you know?" He takes a deep breath, trying to put back on the voice, the voice that moves soldiers and wins wars. "And it is my medical opinion that having the freedom to make choices for himself will aid him in his recovery. I think he’s done really,
"Don't be absurd, I take all of Sherlock's clients up to the living room. That's what you are, right? We get all sorts coming through here." John wonders if that's a dig at the cane in his hand, or perhaps how completely ordinary he is, or something else. He's just asking himself who this woman is he's following up the stairs of an unfamiliar house when she pulls a key from her pocket and he can't help but ask,
“Don’t have to be gay to like a bloke, John. It’s not the 80s anymore. There’s straight, gay, bisexual, that one’s probably you, liking both men and women.” It sounds right, and Adam is looking at him so earnestly, like he's happy to help John through his sexual identity crisis, that he lets it pass.
John sighs, remembering the unfortunate meeting outside of Speedy's. That was only a few hours ago but it felt like a lifetime. "Yes and no. I understand why you made that deduction because I haven't worn these bloody shoes in years and you'd be able to... tell from the dirt how long I've had them, or something amazing. Yes, I've been working and living in London for about two months, but I was in a hospital six months before that, doing physical therapy and the like for my injury." Sherlock nods, the cup covering his mouth in a faux-sip.
The line of poetry sounds like Sherlock, too, in John's head, as both clever and interesting thoughts do. John always thought he was smart, a bit brilliant if he was being proud. He had to be, to graduate in the top 6 of his uni's medicine cohort, but he's nothing compared to Sherlock, and his subconscious knows it. Every time John notices something about someone, or remembers a salient fact he must have retained some time long ago, John thinks he couldn't have it now if it wasn't for Sherlock. As such, most of his internal dialogue is in Sherlock's deep, honey-smooth voice. John honestly can't bring himself to mind-- if only Sherlock were actually here beside him.
He quickly flicked through them as he made his way to his desk where he’d left his phone, intent on calling
“I was…” and John realises he doesn’t have a proper answer, not without exposing certain parts of himself. “One of Rosie’s blankets is missing, I was checking if we’d left it here.” It was technically true, though Rosie had slept fine without it.
Harry shows up, which is unexpected and sort of unwanted. There's something so twisted about his alcoholic sister showing up at a rehabilitation centre as a
He expects to connect his imaginary hand with something soft and feminine, the nurse who'd helped him with his hand-- he'd never even gotten her name, Jesus-- was very pretty, with a plush arse and impressive tits under her work-appropriate uniform. He wanted to imagine her dark red hair (obviously dyed, but tasteful nonetheless) tangling in his fingers. Instead, his fingers met with wet dark curls, tugging to elicit a low, gruff moan, not unlike the ones Sherlock made when John would wake him up to say goodbye, this one deeper in his throat, breathier.
He gets into the shower, luckily every room had a private ensuite, his prick still standing tall red despite his hobble from the bedroom to the shower. The warm water feels great on his shoulder which has
what it looked like and was doing it for some specific reason, as well as a few other ones found on Google Images. There's one that's a close up of Sherlock's face as he's walking, and his eyes are so grey that day, like storm clouds, and his hair is flapping wildly in the wind and he looks dishevelled, like how John imagines his hair would look if John had been tugging it and gripping it in his fist and carding his hands through it. The image surfaces a memory of Sherlock, the oft-called one of him in a sheet, with his collarbone and his shoulder and his flushed cheeks and John's body is
He’s already on his feet, and so suddenly falling into a pit of worry and despair, that he can’t stand to look at his doctor another moment. He turns on his heels and breaks for the door, only staying long enough to hear “I’ll get in touch with a few of my contacts and find an appropriate therapist for you, John. This will be a great step in healing.”
“You said you’re average looking, in your email. I was just saying that you’re not average. You’re a handsome man, John.”
I am a huge believer in the 'John and James had a thing in the army' headcanon but again, it doesn't quite fit so I left it for a better story.
It takes a struggling moment for him to actually open his eyes, but when he does they're immediately drawn to the man across from him, still hovering uncomfortably in his own doorway.
“Thanks, I think?” Feeling derailed enough by this conversation, he returns his focus to his paperwork.
so desperately, his lungs burning and his stomach roiling with the sensation of having been without something for so long, like starving, or suffocating. He loves Sherlock, he loves him so desperately, he realises. He's spent the last five years head-over-heels and he feels as though he can't carry on another moment without it being known. He wants to live with Sherlock, but not just as his roommate, but as his partner. He wants them to raise Rosie together, he wants to hold his hand while they wander Tesco and invite Lestrade, and Molly, and even bloody Mycroft, around for dinner and say 'welcome to our home' and fill Sherlock's wine glass and kiss him while they move around the kitchen together preparing food.
She has brown hair, light with even lighter streaks throughout (not dark, nearly black, shining blue-black in just the right lighting), it's straight but not harsh, just nicely washing over her shoulders (not curly, each strand of thick, dark hair ripe for curling his fingers in), her skin faintly brown like if she spent a few hours in the sun she would tan beautifully (not go red, alabaster skin unused to the harsh sun), her eyes are warm and brown (not blue-green-grey spinning planets of intense heat and curiosity).
Would Sherlock even want John anymore, like this? Did he ever want John at all, is perhaps the more pertinent question. They'd never discussed it, any of it, it had just seemed... inevitable. Like two shooting stars whose crash landing would meet on the same patch of Earth. John is crashing and burning, and Sherlock is not here to meet him.
“Oh?" That prompt alone made John's nervous heart drop. "So he told you that I found him on the tail-end of a five-day drug binge, practically dead on the side of the road on the M1, his feet blistered and bloody from walking for over 15 hours and his pants torn and stained, having been brutalised by his latest drug buddy?”
The clouds obscure the stars, what of them wouldn’t already been obscured by light pollution, so John relies on streetlights and the faint glow of other people’s houses to guide him down Baker Street, past Speedy’s and to the door of 221.
that he's not letting Sherlock's inherent defences balk him. "I'm here because I want to talk to you, Sherlock. Because there's been a big misunderstanding and I need to clear it up. I got your letters and--"
It's black again. Then it's light. There's a voice and he knows who he is: John Watson, doctorsurgeoncaptainman and he's talking through clenched teeth, diagnosing himself, fixing himself even as he lays on a makeshift operating table.
is reminiscent of when he'd picked the scab of his left hand and tore old, rotten flesh from new, healing flesh. But he doesn't let the feeling overwhelm him, he let it come and go, like a gently lapping wave.
He eats the slop. He does his physical therapy. He's settled on a therapist, her name is Ella and they do a session once a week over the phone and will continue in person once he leaves, which is only one month away.
"John" Sherlock breathes underneath him, and it's everything in John not to take that breath away with his mouth. John traces another line down Sherlock's cheek, along his jaw and up the shell of his ear, breathing in the smell of Sherlock. Cigarettes, London wind, a very fancy smelling shampoo and under that something distinctly, deliciously Sherlock.
He feels a little jolt of excitement when he finds a 'contact' tab with an email address. It's different to the one he'd been emailing Sherlock before, which means he must've gotten a new one and discarded the other. it explained why all the other emails were 'undelivered'. He quickly logs into his email, briefly fretting on what to say to him after so long before landing on a quick
It is a sudden and unfrightening realisation: John loves Sherlock. He is truly in love with the man who he had only spoken to over a screen. It is impossible, entirely ridiculous and totally undeniable.
John was back before that moment. Hadn’t known John was injured and invalided back to London until this moment.
Now, he stood before the front door, looking up at the living room light which was dark except for the faint flicker of what John assumes is a fire. It must’ve been Mrs Hudson, for John had not seen Sherlock light the fireplace at 221B in the entire five years they’d known each other.
John just looks at the door, then back at his hand. He doesn’t know what to say. As a doctor, he’d classify it as an act of self-harm, and likely get himself an evaluation and an appointment with a therapist. As a patient, which he’s feeling like more and more every day, it’s just an ‘accident’ and it won’t happen again.
“Am I not?” A bit of defensiveness returns to Sherlock's voice, but he keeps it steady and quiet, mindful of John's semi-conscious mind.
was the only explanation. He tried a few more times, checking and double checking he hadn't misspelled Sherlock's email address, but no. It was all fine, it just didn't send.
to finish these reports, Sherlock. I have a surprising lack of dying soldiers on my table this weekend—for now and this is the only time I'll get.”
then he would've picked up on it sooner. But he's not being a doctor, and so he's honestly surprised when he gets bowled over by an awful, dramatic bout of illness. It's vaguely flu-ish, his immune system so broken down from the months of stasis healing a broken body and John's chronic overworking on his physio. He hasn't been sleeping properly because of his nightmares and the food is still shit and all of it culminates into a week in bed and a very stern talking-to from his doctor. "You can't keep going on like this, John. I know you want to get better, but all you're doing is killing yourself faster, permanently ruining your body. Slow down, be patient and look after yourself."
Jesus, Sherlock! Are you allowed to send these over the internet? Isn't it... like police confidentiality? Also, I thought you’d ‘read a textbook’ – shouldn’t you be able to figure these out yourself?
He only deliberates for a few minutes before he’s grabbing his phone, the one Harry had given him now with a SIM card and pushing in Mycroft’s number. It rings for a few moments before a familiar female voice says,
of how much longer I had to be there before I could leave, so I could come out here and find you. Nothing, not even my recovery for a while, was more important than that. I know! It was wrong, and I snapped out of it, but for a while I was pushing my body, trying to heal faster.
As for my physical appearance, I am not ordinary but rather… strange looking. I am taller than average, 6’2 to be precise. My hair is black and unruly curls (which I inherited from my mother). I am pale, like any English man can be expected to be, and thin. That’s all there is.
"Why?" Sherlock asks, curious. His eyes rove over John's face again like he could read the answers etched into his skin. It's likely he could. "You haven't had any sexual relations for nearly nine months, you'll be getting incredibly lonely any day now. There's no shame, John, in--"
The anger and disbelief curdles the hunger in his stomach, and he throws the folded menu on the nearest table and does his best attempt at stomping his way back to his shitty bedsit. He’d left his phone at home in an attempt at
it, to release the pent-up heat scorching his bones. He sticks his trembling hand against the door jamb, seizes the door handle in an ugly clasp and slams his door shut. He hears the crunch of bones and the adrenaline-numbed pinch of tear and flesh and
John asks himself, fingers dancing down the invisible string of his life, moving with every pathetic beat of his overworked heart. The string sings, and its voice sounds deep and gravelly and soft as it says 'fight. You promised.' The planets spin and spin and spin and disappear into light as his consciousness resurfaces.
His quiet contentment is shattered when, as he lays his foot on the first step, a sound pierces the quiet night air. It sounds like a scream, but it’s twisted and dulled by the door and the walls. Without thinking, John is taking the stairs two at a time, reaching the landing of unit B and scrambling to keep his feet under him when he trips on…
Dark black curls bounce as Sherlock looks up from his phone, and a quick flick of something like surprise flits over his face before Sherlock takes a step back, pulling his body out of John’s steadying hands (hah, as if John could be any kind of support to anyone right now. His body can barely hold himself up, let alone anyone else). John drops his hands as Sherlock said,
"okay, I love you" he says before he can help himself, and Sherlock smiles a dazzling smile, though there's still a bit of fear behind it, and John smiles back encouragingly. Steeling himself, he continues,
Sherlock says, nearly incredulous. "You don't need to stop dating for me, John. You were not ashamed about bringing women back here before, I can look after Rosie--"
But it was so hard to pull away from Sherlock, now that he'd gotten everything he wanted, he didn't want to turn his back. Instead, he pulls Sherlock up to standing and kisses him again, getting on his tiptoes. After a few minutes of kissing, Sherlock pushes him away lightly,
"I tried to reach you, and it didn't work. Remember I said I emailed your new account and everything?" Sherlock nods, "the first time I sent an email, I got a response, but it wasn't from you, it was... Mycroft." Sherlock's hand twitches in his and he squeezes it once. "He basically told me I should be focused on getting better and nothing else."
Look, it seems like that place isn’t any better for you then the outside world. I know you’re miserable in there and it’s been nearly four months. Have you thought about leaving? You’d just need to negotiate an assessment beforehand. Or have you tried before?
and maybe the poem isn't even sexual but the image of 'thrusting' and Sherlock's hips and throbbing all collide together to create a brilliant starburst of pleasure and lust and John's body is taken by the throes of orgasm and promptly, slumber.
it's only when he looks over at his desk and notices a small pile of chocolate eggs that John realises the date, and his mouth instantly sours.
Mrs Hudson straightens, strengthening her shoulders so she stands as tall as John, like blocking his path. “No, dear. You should be home with Rosie, shouldn’t you? What if she wakes up without her Daddy?” He knows what she’s trying to do, but it’s not working. The sound is getting more regular now, more heart wrenchingly desperate, and John is unable to stand here and let it continue. His hand darts out to grip the door knob, but Mrs Hudson is just as quick and her hand does, too. “No, John. He’s just sleeping—“
to look at. Besides, John is pretty sure that the force of the feelings he has for Sherlock, and the troubling fact that perhaps he's operating from a place of living for Sherlock, instead of living for himself, is unhealthy and would make the three therapists he'd met so far scribble so ferociously on their pad they'd light a fire. He'd rather shove the terrible choices he'd made and his infatuation with Sherlock into the same box labelled 'bad decisions' and let them rot together.
“Hmph.” It's a sound Sherlock has made a hundred times when John lied and Sherlock knew but wouldn't fight him on it.
He hadn't googled Sherlock when he first got in contact with him, it had felt a bit stalkerish, and by the time they'd breached that level of familiarity, he hadn't needed to. He felt like he knew everything he had to know about Sherlock. Now, he gives himself the pleasure of a new aspect of Sherlock: the purely and dangerously analytical side of him. He forces his eyes away from the photo to check the website, smiling at how short and blunt the 'about me' section is, and the even more blunt and bitter blurb section which warned off anyone 'boring or completely stupid'. It was so Sherlock, the first taste of him he'd had in months, that he almost starts crying right then and there. He doesn't though, he navigates the website to find the 'blog' section, which housed over 60 blogs.
Then today, after our... impromptu meeting, I went home and went through my mail. That's when I got your... letters. I was feverish with infection and dying when you sent me the first one, then off base as they kept coming. I don't know why but it took the BAF until today to send them to me, and I-- read them. I hadn't known... all that stuff, Sherlock." At the mention of the letters Sherlock curls in on himself, making him look smaller than John ever could imagine him. John shakes his head wearily, aware how delicate all of this was. He gets up slowly, moving to sit in the seat beside Sherlock and shifting closer. Sherlock lets him come, and John places a hand on one of Sherlock's bony knees, which are drawn up to his chest. "You don't need to be frightened," he says softly, "Sherlock, I want-- all of that that you said in your letter. I want to look out the window with you, and listen to you play violin for hours, and I will even deal with cleaning up all of your experiments when you leave them laying around, and I'll be a shit back when you're being rude, and I'll remind you to slow down when you're not looking after yourself and I'll do--
Sherlock lifts his gaze to look into John's eyes. Another involuntary shiver travels down John's spine. “I would not know.”
. Balancing healing and living and loving Sherlock, and missing him-- It has been months and months and John doesn't even know where to begin.
He decides he's too tired to look into it too much right now. Shower. Brush teeth. Eat a chocolate egg because it's there, what the fuck ever. It's the shitty chocolate brand that tastes like cardboard and he says a sarcastic "Happy Easter" to the bin as he throws the foil package in.
John's heart and brain are torn between hot anger and bubbling affection. Sherlock looks intrigued, but a bit soft, like he's afraid he's given the right answer. Sherlock does a gesture with his hand like 'hurry up' and at that, the anger wins. “Where is all of this coming from Sherlock? You’re being a right prick tonight.”
Sherlock says it so softly that John chokes on nothing and has to cough to clear his throat. “What?”
It would be impertinent of me, in writing this story, to not address Afghanistan right now. Since (practically before) 2001 the citizens of Afghanistan has been fighting against the oppression of the Taliban; a corrupt and vile group of individuals who have the might and ambition of an entire nation. They routinely, constantly and mercilessly hurt, kill and violate the lives of innocent men, women and children. In the canon, John had been sent to fight in the Afghanistan 'war'. I heard this expecting some kind of clear and clean difference between a 'war' vs the 'peace missions' Western military powers are imposing on Eastern countries, but no... what has happened these last few months is not new, it has been waging for 20+ years, and it cannot be ignored. John would be furious to see what's been going on, and he would beheart broken. John Watson and I do not have a lot in common (I am not clever enough to be a doctor, fit enough to be a soldier and John-ish enough to be the object of Sherlock's unbidden affection) but this, the anger and hurt and sadness and confusion, that we share. I am not going to write about John fighting a battle I have no idea about without bringing to attention the battle that Afghani people are fighting every day.
“I doubt there’s any broken bones,” she says, prodding it lightly. “But it’ll definitely swell, and you’ve got some lacerations there. I’ll have to get a kit, sit at your desk.” Wordlessly, John sits at his desk, holding his injured hand limply at the wrist.
"Sherlock, this is serious! Look, how about we go out for lunch, hmm? There's this new chicken place a few blocks away. We can have a proper lunch, a salad or something."
His eyes again, scanning. Then Sherlock nods, flipping the book open but not looking away. “… alright.”
After he's counted six minutes and forty-two seconds, the phone rings its fake click and the female voice is back, "Doctor Watson?"
“Yeah?” Sherlock is fiddling with the loose thread of his pyjama bottoms again, but he just shakes his head.
She's gone before he can blink and his chest warms with understanding. Not 'welcome back to London,' but 'welcome home'
been able to be unwrapped, his arm out of its sling, so it's just a tender bit of flesh and a gnarled scar now. He tries not to think of it as he brushes his warm fingertips across his chest, trailing down the patch of skin at his chest and lower, lower, until he takes himself in his hand. He's
This is his longest stretch of lucidity since the bullet pierced his shoulder. There's a clean entry and an even cleaner exit and his arm is in a sling but it's not
not to get an erection just from the sight (that and Sherlock's curly black hair, a complete mess from when Sherlock was playing with it earlier. And his lips, which were just... what they always were (which is unfairly gorgeous)). He has resorted to thinking about his phone call with Mycroft last week. “Sherlock.”
“Is this,” John says, shoving his tremoring hand before them, “not a ‘real reason’ enough already? I can’t perform surgeries like this. I can’t suture or perform internal exams. That’s what I went to school for! That’s why I chose to go overseas! If I can’t do all of that, then I’m basically not a bloody doctor! I’m basically nothing!”
Sherlock makes a noise that sounds suspiciously like a scoff, but Sherlock’s face is blank when he replies, “Well, John, and yourself?” Before John could even reply, Sherlock continues speaking, “back in London, I can see. Based on your shoes you’ve been back on English soil for about two months. Started new work recently, then, considering a veteran's pension isn’t big enough to support any hedonistic spending. A general practice, going by the smell of antiseptic hovering around, and your hands chapped from constant washing. Couldn’t be a surgeon because of the tremor in your left hand and the nerve damage from your injury, which is in your arm, not your leg, despite your cane. It’s psychosomatic, the limp, which I’m sure you know because you’re a perfectly competent doctor. Despite your injuries and undoubtedly some flavour of PTSD judging by how little sleep you’ve been getting, you seem content enough with your return to London, and your recent date. I’m happy for you. Now if you’ll excuse me, Dr. Watson, I must be on my way.”
His affection for the man, unbidden but unavoidable, did not lessen during those months and John did not begrudge the man for their distance. He had considered going to the rehabilitation facility where Sherlock was supposedly a resident after his release, but they could not give him anything now that Sherlock was no longer a resident. He had assumed that when he returned to normal (as normal as a bedsit and a teetering desire for life could be) Sherlock would find him, he was, after all, a clever and dedicated man and when that hadn't happened, he'd finally tried to move on, went on a date with Sarah, vaguely enjoyed it. But not really.
“Um… thanks?” He flashes a quick smile at Sherlock, ticking the 'yes' box for 'did you provide medication to the patient' about an amputation.
The Doctor nods encouragingly, like John is a child correctly learning how to read. He clenches his fists by his side, refusing to acknowledge how his left hand still shakes unconsciously; just one of the many reasons why John has been brutalising himself in physio, trying to reign his body back into submission. He’s a doctor, he’s well aware of how injury and illness can affect the body, but the more he exists in this place the more it feels like his identity as a doctor is being shredded away, sloughed off by condescending questions and hidden medical notes which invalidate his intelligence as a doctor and leaving him more and more a patient: desperate and willing to do
John struggles with some low-key ableist views in this story; it is important for you to know that as a disabled person, I do NOT share these views. John will learn, in time.
every moment of the day. It had been two months since they'd last spoken and John felt it like another bullet wound. He'd tried to send Sherlock an email from the public computer in the rec room, just a quick 'I'm back on UK soil in a hospital' the
He once again forces the thoughts away, telling himself to focus on Sherlock now. The man looks exhausted, completely wrung out from lack of sleep and nightmares.
“You don’t need to apologise. If anyone it should be. All I did— God, I’m sorry. For all of it, I’m so sorry.” It’s the best he can do right now, but Sherlock accepts it, squeezing his hand once before pulling away. All of the vulnerability, the softness, is suddenly gone and Sherlock stands.
"Your left shoulder," he says gravelly, "I wasn't sure exactly before. But I can see it now. It's hunched slightly more forward than the other, like the stress of keeping your posture strains it. It's healed nicely in spite of the infection, but it's likely to still give you twinges of pain for the rest of your life."
“Thank you. Hello? Hel—oh, alright. Goodbye to you too, you pompous bastard.” He hangs up the wired phone aggressively and turns around.
Sherlock nods from where he is leaned over a cup, "she has developed a habit. She thinks just because she has a key and a land deed, she can bring up whomever she pleases. Doesn't mind herself a lick until it's a murderer, then there's a whole hubbub." It's the most ordinary thing to say, it's even very un-Sherlock (except for the casual mention of a murderer), meaningless small talk, but John's heart is filling with every single word and he thinks he's about to pop.
"You think I don't know that John?" Harry has no such consideration, and her hoarse shout bounces off the walls and drowns out the Indiana Jones movie playing on the tv. "I was
Sherlock nods for a few seconds, then shakes his head, presses his lips into a thin line and manages a shuddering breath. "You could've died," he offers eventually.
"Alright, love, I know it's frustrating. Let me have a look at this before you hurt yourself more." The piece of ceramic is not small, but it likely had done no damage except pierce the skin. He'll have to pull it out and make sure no smaller shards were left in, and pulling it out would make it bleed more, but he would be fine, maybe only need a few stitches. "Do you have a first aid kit?" Sherlock tells him where to find the first aid kit and he rifles around in it, making sure to not pay attention to the syringes that were missing from the set, happy, however, to find fresh needles and suture string. Likely leftover from the suture experiment Sherlock did on himself, which still makes John shudder. He returns to the kitchen with the required items, finding Sherlock playing with one of the broken pieces of ceramic with his unhurt hand. John pulls the chair closer so his knee slots in beside Sherlock's and rests his hand on John's thigh, a terrible fill in for a sterile work table, but well enough. He puts on gloves, gives Sherlock a little warning before pulling out the piece of ceramic as swiftly as he can. He cleans it out with saline solution and, happy there are no more pieces of ceramic in there, begins the stitches. He couldn't see any numbing cream in the kit, so he gives Sherlock a quick kiss on the head for fortitude and does the business quickly and cleanly. He wipes away the leftover blood and wraps some gauze around his hand before taping it off with medical tape. Once he's certain he's done a good job, he packs away the bits and washes his hands. He returns to Sherlock, who is still fiddling with a bit of ceramic. He needs to clean up the tea and mug, but he can do that after. "Sherlock, hey, look at me."
God, he can’t believe it’s been that long since the first day he’d met Sherlock. The phrase ‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’, etched out in a deep baritone, is seared into his brain. The moments when life gets too big, too long and too hard, he thinks of that simple question which changed his life as proof that things can always change for the better.
of it. The ache he had been feeling for six months has been abating with every familiar quirk of Sherlock he can see in the writing. The blasé way he presented information, like he wasn't being exceptional in knowing or understanding the thing he was writing about. The sour way he talks about humanity, as if he were above it all, contrasted wonderfully by the rapt attention and care Sherlock took to
that comes with the image nearly knocks him on his feet and he has to grip the railing to stop himself from falling. He
about Christmas. He locks the door and only comes out again for physiotherapy. It's the only part of this whole charade he cares about and even that will be put on pause over a brief period for Christmas.
He’d finished a shift at the surgery at 8, running late to finish paperwork, and had tossed and turned in his bed for hours after putting Rosie down, before he got up and caught a taxi to Baker Steet, unable to fight off his desire to see Sherlock.
it is your leg which has developed this psychological response to your trauma? What, perhaps, you’re trying to prove to yourself, or punish yourself with, by having to use a cane and having a limp?” John doesn’t have an answer, so he doesn’t speak. The Doctor continues after a moment. “Perhaps, your extensive knowledge of trauma injury has made you aware that one day your shoulder will heal, and when it does, you have no excuse as to why you cannot go on being a doctor and a constructive member of society. If you have an incurable, debilitating limp, perhaps you never have to go back to being those things?”
"No!" Sherlock says, almost panicked, "of course not, John, no, I love you. I didn't say it but I love you. I do. He's lying."
No, he can’t be. He can’t be forgetting Sherlock Holmes. John was pretty sure it was actually impossible.
it's the best first kiss John has had, maybe the best kiss, period. John grips Sherlock's curls in his fingers and tugs, opening his mouth even wider. They kiss for a long, slow few minutes until they have to break for breath, but even then John doesn't step out of the circle of Sherlock's legs, where his body had slotted between them. Sherlock's face is flushed and his lips are swollen from kissing and he's
unspoken but Sherlock could likely deduce it just by how he used full stops and exclamation marks or whatever. It was only when he checked his emails a few days later that he'd realised it hadn't sent.
“I will discuss it with the orderlies. Only internet access, and you will use the wifi provided by the centre and the restrictions it comes with, and
“It’s just that…. He’s not mentally unstable, is he? He’s brilliant." John is gushing before he knows it, and he curses himself. "He’s more than capable of making decisions for himself and if you just spoke with him about it, properly, maybe he would be willing to seek help without having all of his autonomy taken away, don’t you think?”
You’re just bloody gorgeous, Sherlock. You’re the most gorgeous man I’ve ever seen. The most gorgeous person? Yes. Your… your lips, Sherlock. God, I think about your lips all the time. Have you ever kissed anyone? You asked about my sex life but I didn’t get to ask about yours, though how I would’ve gotten away with it, I’m not sure. I have a bit more of a social filter than you. Even if you haven’t, that’s—god, that’s fine. That’s good—that’s great. I would kiss you, I would love to kiss you. I would kiss down your jaw, down your long neck, along your collarbones, god, your skin is like marble. I’d dig my fingers into your crazy mop of hair, feeling it between my fingers. I’d pull on it, if you want, fuck. And I’d kiss down your chest, flick my tongue over your peaked nipples, nipping and sucking and licking until you’re writhing underneath me. I’ve never done it before but god I’d suck your cock, Sherlock. I’d take you in my mouth and I’d blow you so good you lose the ability to talk, your brilliant brain going empty. I’d moan around your hard cock as you put your hands in my hair, it’s kind of short but you could manage, and you’d tug and guide my head up and down. Fuck, and maybe you could blow me, too, with your lips and your hot fucking mouth. G od Sh
“You said you were scared of getting shot, injured." Sherlock leans forward, that familiar glint he gets when he's deducing shining. "Likely because you know it would invalidate you, permanent damage, might even compromise your work as a doctor. Then you said you don’t want to be a hero, like all the other men who died, but you didn’t want the men to call you a hero, because if you did die, it would be because you stopped fighting, not because you were being brave.”
"Crowded," Sherlock shrugs, taking a sip of his beer. "And loud. And we lost Irene along the way." He nods out to where Irene is sandwiched between two blonde women on the dance floor.
Seeing it first hand on nights like these hurts more than Sherlock could ever begin to describe. It's excruciating watching those beautiful blue eyes aching with a sadness he can't even put a name to, watching that always bright, happy face darken with worry. It's never been easy for Sherlock to handle.
Sherlock pants, trying to get used to the feeling. It doesn't quite hurt, but it's definitely not comfortable.
He trails his fingers lightly over Sherlock's nipples, and the boy's back arches upward into the touch. His eyes fly open and his mouth drops, eyes darting to John in what looks like panic.
"Um… hello?" An unsure male voice accompanied by a soft knock comes from the doorway and Sherlock's blood runs cold.
Sherlock seemed to relax under John's touch and words and let out a long breath. "Okay," he murmured as John dropped his hand. "Okay, John." He nodded once and then spoke, his voice stronger then before, more confident. "I've never been in any type of...I once told you that I do not have friends like you. That statement was true. A truer statement would be that I do not have friends at all, nor do I have relationships of any kind. Then you came along and...changed that."
Fingers wrap around his wrists and suddenly Sherlock's hands are pushed up over his head against the wall, the pressure in his wrists increasing as he struggles instinctually against the restraint.
Irene's voice is demanding right from the start and Sherlock attempts to calm his panting, sagging a bit in relief at the familiarity of Irene Adler's biting tone. "Yes," he murmurs into the phone on a whooshing exhale.
The world comes screeching back in full force, the pounding of the rain against the stands, the whistle of the wind swirling harshly in the air, the crowd clapping uselessly to something going on that Sherlock can't see as he blinks his aching eyelids against the rain and tears stream down, realigning his blurry gaze as a hand on his shoulder shakes him, the scene around him becoming clear again.
Irene clearly wasn't aware that her selling points for this group date to formal were making Sherlock's stomach churn with anxiety.
"Oh Jesus, John," Greg cackles, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes. "Oh my god, I am so sorry. Truly, I am so so sorry."
Warm liquid greets his fingertips where the genius boy's cock sits heavy and leaking against his lower belly and Sherlock arches into the touch wantonly, a quiet cry falling into John's mouth like some sort of prayer and John moans in return as he tastes it, unbelievably satisfied that kissing John and a simple touch has reduced Sherlock to such a state.
"That's enough, Anderson!" Mrs. Hudson barks. "He just needs a break. Screaming at him isn't going to do any good."
"Johnny!" the boy cries tipping his glass up in a mock cheers, sloshing the liquid over the edges as he stumbles from the force of his own arm movement, falling off balance and catching the handle of the door for support. "Woah," he mumbles, steadying himself and giggling. "I almost fell over."
"SHERLOCK!" John cried, eyes the size of dinner plates, hands outstretched. "YOU COULD HAVE BEEN KILLED!"
"And," Paul finally begins again and John releases another mute puff of air. "He said… well he said something about that I might be seeing more of you around, that you might be more available or something now because… and Christ, he
"I'm going to kill you!" John shouts back with no bite at all, still giggling on top of the affronted boy in his bed. "Shut the fuck up!"
Another single thought ran through his head and after hesitating for only a second, Sherlock flitted back to the kitchen, creating a cuppa to go with John's dinner, before hearing the water shut off. He hurried back to the couch and dropped down, pretending to be deep in thought as he heard John exit the loo. He closed his eyes and listened to John's footsteps, faltering just outside the door, certainly the smell of the roast intoxicating for someone who was used to not knowing where their next meal would come from. As silence fell, Sherlock listened to John sigh. "Sher-"
