, should I say, when we were texting.” Dean leaned forward with his arms crossed on the back of the couch, resting his chin on the top of his arms. “You agreed to a date too though, right?”
Castiel didn’t even bother looking at the menu, picking up both his and Dean’s and handing it over to the waitress, who stood with her pen and pad at the ready. “I think…Two double bacon cheeseburgers with fries on the side, please. Oh, and, extra bacon for him.”
“Listen Cas, I know they’re your family and all, but they’re dumbasses. It’s their loss. Plain ol’ white fluffy wings are boring anyway.
Rowena nodded appreciatively at that, seemingly satisfied with his answer. “Did you finally figure out what fifth base was with him…?”
“That’s when the Empty came,” Dean continued. His gaze had dropped down to his lap, unable to take Eileen and Sam’s stunned yet sympathetic looks. “Took Billie, then… it took Cas. And that was it.”
from the small scratches in the wood where Miracle had been digging at the ground below to the tiny crack in the attic window where Dean Jr had ‘wanted to test how high he could throw a football’.
All this, he had thought, before he had even told Cas how he felt. (In fact, he thought about it all as he stared frozen in fear across from Cas in a booth at some greasy, run-down diner they had stopped at for breakfast at four in the morning, with Cas looking at Dean over his luke-warm mug of coffee with great concern, whilst Sam absentmindedly sipped at his own mug at coffee, oblivious to the mental breakdown beating away at Dean’s mind. At least, he
“Whoa whoa wait, hang on a sec,” Dean put a hand on him as if it would stop him flying away. “Maybe it'd be better to keep it a surprise, huh? Let him see you for the first time standing to us as he walks down the aisle.”
It was rare for Sam to see Dean when he was frightened, and this was one of those rare times. As he rightfully should, after watching Castiel take the brunt of those shots without a flinch.
“Sorry, Dean... I didn’t think about it,” Sam apologized, scratching at the back of his head as he tried to figure out what to do next.
When Dean opens his eyes, it’s to the sight of a gray murky sky, most of his vision blocked by the long, tangling branches of the trees that hung over him, stretching out like sharp fingers reaching out to one another.
But when Dean looked over, he saw that Cas was sitting oddly still on his chair, staring wide-eyed into nothingness as a thought washed over him. “I… I punched my future father-in-law…”
sleep. He had assumed that meant the Empty had decided it was better to just throw him as far into the Empty as possible to sleep through his worst nightmares, allowing the Empty to
“And it’s a damn good thing we did,” Dean argues. “With me and Sammy retiring, I can think of no other duo to take over the title of America’s best hunters.”
And then, when Sam didn’t think it was possible for Castiel to glow any brighter than he was, Dean’s hand reaches out and intertwines with the hand of the being. Dean’s veins glow with that bright blue of angel grace, traveling from his chest down his arm, crossing over to the being which begins glowing with its own streaks of grace.
of what he’d do when he found out. If he knew that I had messed up, got myself caught and left Sammy all alone…”
Except, instead of stopping and holding out his hands for the keys, Castiel just kept getting closer to him. Dean didn’t even get a chance to remind Cas about personal space before ‘
“Whaddya think, huh?” Dean asked once he had reached his side, tipping up his tinted sunglasses to reveal twinkling green eyes that matched his shit-eating grin. “I’m starting to get the hang of this whole ‘lucid dreaming’ thing.”
He didn’t know what to say in response to that. It seemed like the doctor didn’t expect him to either, for he leaned forward and placed a comforting hand on his shoulder with an understanding look in his eyes. “I’ll give you some time with your thoughts. As a doctor, I recommend you get home or get a hotel room and get some sleep. But as a brother myself, I know you’re not going to do that. I’ll be the first to let you know when you can see him, okay? As soon as it’s safe, I’ll come get you. I promise.”
“I know. I know that, Sammy. I’m not denying he’s gone, I just… I miss him. Guess I always assumed we’d win this thing together, you know? ‘Paradise on Earth’ and all that.”
“I’m pleased to tell you that it is,” Doctor Sullivan reached his bedside, standing next to Sam and flicking through the files. “Blood tests came back good – no sign of infection. I was quite worried about the potential of tetanus wreaking havoc… Your vitals are looking steady, about as normal as you can expect in your circumstances.”
Jack looked up from his bowl, tilting his head in a way that was so very Cas. “I don’t get what Sam meant.”
This certainly works in getting Dean's jaw to snap shut, flinching in surprise so hard that Castiel could hear Dean's head colliding with the wall.
Dean pulled his phone back out of his pocket, bringing up his chat history with Cas again. His eyes scanned over the various messages from a few nights ago, then back up to Gabriel and his impatient stare, then back down to his phone again.
"Maybe but... I won't forget it," Castiel says with a fond smile, shaking his head and turning away from the scene in front of him. "We need to keep moving."
“It’s…” Sam was about to do the usual ‘everything’s great’ spiel, but something about Dean’s inquiring tone made him pause. “… it’s more difficult than I’d thought. I don’t know, maybe I should have had some kind of buffering time between, try and adjust a little before going back.”
Just like that, the rage that had been growing on Dean’s face slips away, softening into a look of realization.
“Alright,” Dean announced, leaning back from the window. “C’mon, let's get inside before he sees us.”
“One last thing,” Sam added. “Dean… I thought that tonight, I’d try and turn the cards on you and give you a surprise of my own. For
Dean closed his eyes, an odd mixture of a sigh and a groan escaping his throat. He tilted his head back until his neck couldn’t crane back any further. “What kind of deal?”
Eileen’s hand is gripped tightly around his, the only reminder he’s not alone in watching his brother go through what must likely be some of the worst pain in his life. Seeing physical vulnerability from his brother was one thing, but
the silence replaced with soft rock blasting from the cassette player, of airy laughs from Eileen whenever he taps her shoulder from the backseat and tries to sign the lyrics to a song he’s taken a particular liking to, and Sam’s grunts of telling him to knock it off and stop distracting him; even when he’s got a smile on his face, too.
“Living the dream, Sammy. Living the dream.” Dean answered dryly, staring sombrely at the last dregs of beer in the bottle and wondering whether it’s worth grabbing the last bottle from the fridge. Future Dean will hate him if he does…
, Cas. We do. All the times he's brought you back, pushed us back together, it's all to get us to this point. The big confession, the spilling of our hearts. And then finally, just as we get our shit together, he takes you away from me.
you to. I was the one who summoned the Empty, after all. I had accepted what had to be done. I was ready.”
When he finally managed to pull himself away from Cas' lips, it's to see Cas smiling at him in the way that's so very
Cas doesn’t jump or startle at his voice, much to Dean’s secret displeasure. Hell, he wouldn’t be surprised if Cas somehow
not what two guys do in their spare time, but hey – this is just a dream, right? People have weird dreams all the time. It’s not like his minds trying to tell him something or anything like that…
It’s enough to bring Dean’s mind to a standstill. Had he… he had somehow told Cas he loved him and didn’t remember it? Oh God, that damn memory spell… had he somehow called Cas and told him something before his memory completely went kaput? No, no, it couldn’t have been that… the counter spell regained all his memories of that shitty night, he’s pretty sure… Could Cas sense it, somehow? What if it was in his
Dean sighed, standing up from the hammock (by which he means making an absolute fool of himself as he struggles to pull himself out of that cottony blackhole). “It’s another name for a speedo, Cas.”
Dean huffs, eyes drifting up to the polished wood of his bed’s headboard. “Uh… The reception after would be huge, I'm talking everyone we know – though that’s not many people. Any chance to throw a party, right? But the ceremony itself would be small. Like, ‘
Dean only grunted in response – whether in agreement, Cas had no clue – swiping up and down the brief chain of messages he got from Sam this morning like a new message would magically appear, assuring Dean that Sam and Eileen were okay.
That was one way to ruin the mood. Why… why did he say that? He could blame it on the alcohol again, right? Yeah, that was the best way out of this. It was the
“Amen to that,” Dean stretched out his arms in front of him, listening to the satisfying cracks and pops of his elbow and shoulder joints. “So, what’s the plan for today? Straight to the library, skim through books till we’re bored to tears?”
“Dean?” Sam parroted Castiel as he also stood from his chair, though a fair bit calmer than Castiel did. “What are you doing here? Why… What is
Nearly beating you to an inch of your life. All of that, right there in front of me, and yet... I still did not anticipate that in your dream world,
“Yeah… not so much,” Sam answers, a little to Castiel’s frustration. “We were just here as the distraction.”
"Dean" Castiel calls out his name, and Dean closes his eyes at the clear begging sound of it. When he opens his eyes again,
He wants to get angry. He wants to punch and kick at something, scream up to the sky about how unfair this all was. He doesn’t do any of those things, though. The fear had him in a hold too tight to do much else than shake and silently weep at the thought he was going to be alone. In the span of two weeks, his entire family was gone; A boy who was practically one of his kids, his best friend,  the one person he thought he’d finally get to settle down with, and now… the universe had to take his brother away, too?
Cas would be a big deal. And don’t get him wrong, it is! But… as stupid as it sounded, it felt like the entire friggen world would be tipped out of balance if he ever let himself see Cas that way. That, in loving Cas,
“It’s okay, Cas. We did it. We made it…” Dean rasps down to him, leaning forward to place one last shaky kiss on his husband's head as Castiel’s eyes begin to droop, the machine by his head blaring and beeping numbers that Dean ignores. “Don’t worry, angel. I’ll be right behind you.”
Claire nodded her head, just barely noticeable, her eyes drifting across the room as she sits, lost in thought. “And… doing this… it’ll help you?” Claire directed the question at Castiel, her eyes briefly flickering up to meet Dean’s.
The pitter-patter of paws signals Miracle’s arrival, emerging from her hiding spot now the stranger had left. She makes a bee-line for Dean, slinking over to his wheelchair and resting her head in his lap. It’s able to pull the smallest of smiles from Dean, rubbing underneath her ears and brushing his hands through her thick fur. “Cas was right… you are able to sense a lot of stuff, huh?”
The sun was beginning its descent, soon to kiss the horizon and transfer the sky’s beautiful colors of sunset to the dark of night, lit by a sprinkling of stars that would be shining over them before they knew it. Not that they would need the stars; Sam’s handiwork with the lanterns had practically created a mini version of the night sky above them, the flickering lights of the candles almost mesmerizing dotted around the tree canopy hanging over them.
“When we were both making your drinks- and Cassie wouldn’t stop talking about you-” Dean tried to pretend he couldn’t feel his face flush red. “-I must have got distracted and…Well, I
“He is?” Castiel asked, just about able to see Dean’s head furiously nodding up and down out of the corner of his eye. “What is he scared of?”
Castiel pulled the bottle away from his lip, placing it down delicately on the countertop. The signature frown was back on his face, along with the cocked head that Dean found much too endearing. “Dean, have you not noticed?”
to help, and I feel like I’d be more help here than I would at the hospital. Dean’s probably going to be feeling overwhelmed already, and I don’t want to make that worse.”
The blue slowly fades away as Dean slumps back into his chair, shaking his head and blinking sluggishly as the disorientation of possession switching clings to him. He raises his eyes up, settling on Claire with a light smile that was oddly familiar to the teenager, yet looked so foreign on Dean…
“You know what, we can get into the semantics of who’s better than who later,” Sam cut in before Dean and Jack could continue going back and forth with each other. “Jack… what are you
“Look at it this way: Dean’s already been through Hell. He knows what happened, he knows what to expect in those dreams. What’s happening
“If you say you’re fine? I believe you,” Sam told him. “I do, okay? But that’s not going to stop me from worrying over you.”
Dean cleared his throat as Castiel shuffled closer to him, eyes fixated on the ring sat snugly within its velvet pillow. “You know, back when we met it’s – heh – I guess it would almost be cheesy to say that sparks flew, huh? And while I know cupids technically exist… I don’t believe there was a cupid there that day. I don’t think that we were destined to be, that there was some plan in place that required our courtship. I think… I
“You’re gonna be okay,” Sam promised him, even though Dean couldn’t hear his words. They were more for him, really.
"I've been better," Dean responds truthfully, spending a few seconds with his eyes closed, sat on the dirty floor as he waits for the spinning to stop before eventually grabbing onto Sam's hand, who yanks him up to his feet.
“I’m just telling you how it was, okay?” John tried defending himself. “We were taught that there were cures for such things and-,”
“That’s messed up, Cas!” Sam turned wide-eyed to face Dean, his startled and disgusted look boring straight through to Cas. “I hope you told him no, Dean!”
“Surprised you couldn’t feel the eyes burning into your back,” Charlie answers, gesturing with a flick of her chin behind him. “Think he might be sizing you up…”
“They were after me, not you,” Castiel gets out through panting, pained-sounding breaths. Yeah, sure.
Castiel listened to the warning tone Ellen was sending his way, picking up the bottle of beer from the bartop and taking a swig of the bitter liquid, savoring the way the carbonated bubbles tickled his mouth.
Dean snorted. “Course you do. Would be foolish to label the tape “Top ten tracks” if they weren’t the greatest of the great, wouldn’t it?”
They weren’t that far from the front now, but even from here, Dean was squinting damn hard to read the writing up on the chalkboard hanging over the counter. It was written in the same elegant writing used on the sign and, even though the writing was beautiful, it wasn’t exactly easy to read. Just as Dean predicted, the board was filled with a long list of coffee names that he had no idea how to even pronounce, let alone have any kind of a clue as to what was actually
Dean shared a confused glance with Sam, turning back to Jack with his face scrunched in thought. “The real me was… being in a wheelchair?”
guys,” Gabriel said with a light chuckle, only proving to annoy Dean more. “And yes Deano, this is definitely the place. C’mon.”
“A few days ago, I told you I was taking Cas to the tattoo shop to get a devil’s trap tattooed on,” Sam said. “That was partly true – he did get the devil’s trap, don’t worry, Dean. What we
Dean nodded, his mind racing as his fingers continued to drum to the beat of his music against his steering wheel.
Dean shrugs his shoulders like it’s no big deal – when in reality his mind is screaming at him to shut up and not talk about this because what red-blooded American guy daydreams about his wedding? “Sometimes, yeah. Do, uh… do
Sam glanced over to Eileen at this, matching expressions of wonder on their faces. It was rare to see Castiel this uncomfortable during a conversation.
Usually, he would have thrown the phone at the wall. Listen to the satisfying sound of the electronic breaking into pieces, listen to the crack of the screen and the sound of the little shards fall to the ground. Instead, he tapped on Cas’s name, his shaking thumb nearly missing his name, trembling hands lifting the phone to his ear.
“You know, you’re supposed to have this in your car, not your pocket.” Dean tells him as he takes the offered tape from Cas’s hands.
“Mhm-hm,” Castiel hums low in reply, reaching out a hand to barely brush his fingers across the back of Dean’s hand as he turns away, tossing the empty bottle of beer into the trash. “And to think I was worried you were going to figure out that I was in love with you first.”
Dean sent over a slightly blurry, staticky, barely put together mental image of his middle finger over to Cas, hoping it’d ruffle some feathers.
“I haven’t.” Sam shrugged his freakishly large shoulders, nearly knocking over a passer-by with them.
Castiel’s narrow-eyed glare returns in full force, straightening his spine as he leveled his gaze on John’s apprehensive one. “Yes. Dean and I are ‘
Dean swallows hard, trying to push down the lump in his throat that seemed to have been stuck there ever since they had left the Mill’s family home. “Like what?”
Sam shot his brother an incredulous look, but pulled Baby’s keys out of his pocket anyway. “Yeah, how you gonna do that? You going to wheel yourself all the way home?”
an angel, four observers spanning across two centuries watching as an experiment fails quite spectacularly.
“I wish you were here,” Dean admitted to the empty barn. “Maybe that’s cruel of me to say; To want you here, just so you can watch me die. It’s… I wish I could’a said goodbye to you right, Cas. To tell you… tell you all the things you deserved to hear, just like you did for me… But you’re gone and now… now Sammy’s gone and I… I don’t wanna die alone, Cas. I don’t wanna die alone. I… I don’t wanna die.”
Sam scanned briefly over the document in his hands, feeling himself deflate as his eyes brushed over a familiar name. “Henry Winchester…”
“Did the same thing,” Dean continued. “But they left some of the angel its grace. They thought that they could kill the angel, but leave the vessel alive that way – so long as they fuck up the vessel a ton so that the angel heals him, but burns itself out.”
Seeing the entrance to the bunker roll into sight brought along an odd sense of contentment he wasn't used to feeling. It truly did feel like pulling into the driveway of, well,
Dean's eyebrows practically shot up into his hairline at the response he got. From the way Cas spoke at the coffee shop, he wasn’t exactly expecting for his texting manner to be… Well, like this.
He couldn’t fall into it. He couldn’t let himself feel it. Because he knows he’ll never come out of it.
there we are messing about in my dumb dreams, having stupid fucking beach vacations and kicking back beers when I could have been
natural. Cas’s hand rested between his shoulder blades like it was always meant to be there, placed directly over where Dean knows his wound exists in the real world. Cas’s grip had slackened somewhat, his nerves lessening as they swayed together.
, and Dean couldn’t blame him one bit. If he was in the same boat as he was, then he didn’t get a wink of sleep last night, either. His hair was all ruffled from one too many drunken affectionate rubs from Sam, his bowtie undone and hanging loose around his neck, staring out into the dimly lit library from his seat with half-asleep eyes.
Dean watches nervously as Eileen hands Sam whichever ingredients are required; a mix of herbs and rather disturbingly small animal bones that disappear into the bowl, crushed under the pestle in Sam’s giant hands.
“It doesn’t taste like grapes!” Dean slammed the glass down on the table, this time hard enough for the drink to slosh over the side and onto the bar. “It tastes like… the color purple.”
Castiel asks sharply, snapping out of his trance to look at Sam incredulously. "Sam, you were the only person I was
Castiel tries to catch Jack’s gaze, but the Nephilim’s eyes were firmly fixed on the ground, his sneakers kicking up small twigs as he gouges a small hole into the dirt. “Jack?”
White-hot fury began to fill Castiel, and he was sure that Dean could sense the static electric on the air just as he did, the grace inside him twisting and pulsing out of control in sync with his emotions.
be long until he got to see Sammy again. “Uh, then, yeah. Sure, Cas - if you don’t mind doing that for me.”
until they set up their own little customizations. Which is why he was always kinda bummed that Cas didn’t bother with that stuff. It made him feel like Cas didn’t
"Where we first met, " Castiel clarifies, joining Dean in scanning the dilapidated barn. "The first time you remembered, anyway. At least, that's what I thought..."
"I don't think you're getting the main part of it, Cas. You said it yourself, my brain was relying on memories of
The doors to the barn are pushed open, an all too familiar trench coat clad figure making his way into the barn. The second the doors begin to open, the lights above them brighten and shatter, showering Castiel in sparks as he advances towards the two.
Castiel lets his fingers tangle into those soft strands of hair, the sharp tug and burst of pain across Dean’s scalp getting him to growl against Castiel’s mouth, giving Cas more access as his tongue swipes across the freshly open wound that was gouged into Dean’s lip. The taste of metal bursts across his tongue, that sharp coppery flavor he’s so used to tasting from his own blood mixed with an unexpected saltiness – one he realizes with a jolt and a caving feeling in his stomach is of Dean’s tears slipping down to his lips.
“Call it curiosity,” Sergei took a few cautious steps away from the pissed off faces that surrounded him. “Castiel… I’ve lost count of the amount of ‘
Somehow, he feels a pulse flutter against his fingertips. It was weak, so soft he could almost have imagined it, but it was
“Look Dean, I know you don’t like talking about this kind of stuff, but with the way things are now… You can’t expect me not to get worried.” Sam said.
I have made a lot of decisions Dean. Some I'm not proud of. But all of them I did because I thought it was the
in his face that’s both awe-inspiring and terrifying, and Dean can only be thankful it isn’t aimed at him. Cas pulls himself off the rebar like it’s no trouble, like the blood soaking through his pristine button-up shirt doesn’t matter. Dean knows he should be focusing on the Vamps breathing down his neck, but he
She didn’t want to overwhelm you while you’re here, so she stayed behind to take care of the bunker.”
“Course I am,” Sam says, taking his arm off Dean’s shoulder to slap him on the back. “Already had to give the same damn speech to Cas…”
. Loud enough for Dean to hear from all the way over here, which kinda hurts if he’s being honest. That being said, he does put away whatever he was holding into his coat’s pocket and picks up the rod at Dean’s words and hooks the fish, reeling it in like he’s done it a hundred times before.
Claire. I promise we won't. We managed to extract some grace from me without killing me. It won't extract
get a glimpse of the small glass vial filled with a dark crimson liquid that was once running through her veins, now held in Sam’s hands. He carefully screwed the lid back on the top, avoiding spilling any of what was – technically – a precious ingredient to them now.
“Dean, that… That shouldn’t have been your job,” Castiel tells him, a growing look of horror on his face. “Your job as a brother, it’s… It’s to
The forest around him was alive in the worst way possible. Filled to the brim with all sorts of starving, blood-thirsty creatures, left to hunt one another for all of eternity. He already knew they were all around him, out of sight but their presence always keenly felt.
Castiel tore his gaze away from Sam, looking at anything in the room other than the two pairs of peering eyes. “The Empty added an extra part to our deal. It would only take me… once I experienced a moment of true happiness.”
“Because of what?” Dean asked, perplexed. “Because you didn’t speak up? Cas, what happened to your brother wasn’t your fault. If you had said something, it would have made it worse. You probably would have been thrown out yourself.”
“You’ll see,” Jimmy answers unhelpfully, gesturing with a flick of his head for Castiel to stand and follow.
“I’m up! I’m up!” Dean protested before his precious caffeine could be stolen from him. With another grunt of effort, he rolled over onto his back, digging the palms of his hands into his closed eyes. An explosion of colors burst behind his eyelids as he rubbed, dropping his hands back down and opening his eyes, only to be greeted by the PIERCING sunlight filtering through the blinds that had just been opened.
It pained Castiel to see those hopeful young eyes peering up at him, looking to him as if he held all the answers. The real Dean – at least, the Dean he knows today - is there inside this young child’s mind.
“And… how does she feel about Cas?” Eileen asked gingerly, glancing down to Dean. “Since Cas did take her father’s body and all…”
At Castiel’s continued silence, Dean took the opportunity to carry on with the speech he spent longer working on than he’d like to admit. “Thirteen years, Cas. Thirteen years ago to
Castiel’s gaze was drawn down to Dean’s tapping fingers – or, more specifically, his fingers that had now stilled. Dean’s hand twitched, and Castiel wondered for a moment if Dean had managed to fall asleep in the short amount of time they had been listening to the tape. Castiel takes a risk, reaching down hesitantly and letting his fingertips trail over the roughened skin of Dean’s hand. It’s not until he lets his fingers rest over the back of his hand that he feels Dean’s tense up under his touch – apparently, Dean had
to talk to Cas about it, but… he still hasn’t processed it all. Not really. He had no idea what to say to Cas in that very moment, the Empty and Billie breathing down their necks, about to lose his best friend in the worst time of his life. Now, in a relaxed and cozy bar with literally
He dreams of the perfect night sky. Pitch black nothingness, dotted with bright, beautiful stars that seemed to light his way as he drove.
“Yeah…” Dean says out loud, looking back up to meet Castiel’s inquisitive gaze. “Can’t change the past, right? But I got a whole lot of future with you to make up for it.”
Sinclair dropped his hand away from the vial, now reaching for a small box contraption sat atop the tray. He picked it up, thumb hovering over a plastic window which encased a big red button that gave Dean some serious villain type vibes.
“Again, at least you’re exploring your options,” Castiel replied, unable to fight away the narrow-eyed glare his body wanted to direct at Dean. “Still, it’s impressive you managed to conjure all of this based on only one small memory of a magazine cover. The attention to detail is remarkable…”
Dean laughed somewhat nervously, unconsciously swimming back away from Cas who stared him down unequivocally. “Okay, maybe that was mean of me using “show don’t tell,” but in my defence-,”
Dean laughed one humorless chuckle. “Cas, I always expected to go out in a blaze of glory. Maybe with Sammy by my side, maybe not, but-,” Dean paused, turning his eyes down. “I didn’t… I didn’t picture a scenario where I lived and you didn’t. I didn’t know what life was going to be like after that, after you… I didn’t think it was a pain I’d have to live with, you know?”
“Dean? What’s wrong?” Cas inquired, awkwardly offering the beer back to him. “Were you not finished with-,”
"Of course they did! Dad damn near drove himself crazy trying to gank the son of a bitch that killed mom! Hell, mom made a deal in the first place to bring dad back! You know this!"
“It’s the best way,” Dean tries defending himself at the sight of their faces. “Try the bit of Grace that isn’t
“Let’s just say Cas don’t have much hope,” Dean answered. “He… he thinks we’re wasting our time here; doesn’t think there’s any way of doing this.”
“Yeah, well… doesn’t mean you deserved to go out that way, Cas,” Dean said miserably. “You deserved better than that.”
“A few…?” Is all Dean can get out before his throat constricts, cutting him off. “Then what? You’re just… gone?”
Dean’s mouth opens and closes uselessly like a fish out of water. His throat felt closed up, not even air seemed able to escape. His vision comes back into clarity, eyes finally focusing on his little brother's distressed face, waiting for him to answer.
“Could use a stiffer drink than that,” Dean joked. “Could also use an explanation as to how you’re here? You were gone when Chuck snapped everyone away.”
“Don’t worry, she’s alive. And human,” Dean reassured them. “Sam went all witch-mode and brought her back.”
It was as far as Sam could get. If he didn’t know any better, he would have thought Dean was dead, too. His face was just…
. Anyone else pulled that shit, Dean would be sure to kick them out of his bed. But this was Cas, so he got a free pass. Even if whatever Cas was showing him
“Ah, Anikka…” Rowena drawls out the witch’s name, shaking her head in what Sam could only assume was fake pity. “Shame what happened to the poor girl… She just
When he tears his gaze away from the supplies in his hands, he can only stare in utter confusion at the empty space where his brother
Which is why, perhaps, what happens next in the dream has the weapon sliding out of his numbed hands, hitting the floor with a wet ‘thud’. Because this never happened.
“Mean’s we’re running out of time,” Dean answered somberly, leaning forward to rest against the top of the table, pulling his cup of coffee closer to him.
“Say’s here that one of the main ingredients to the spell is… the angel's grace. Pretty much a third of what the spell relies on.”
“So, uh…” Gabriel mumbled. “Did… Did Sam… God, I sound like a teenager again, but… Did he say anything about me?”
“Not a sacrifice,” Sam tells them, lips quirked up in a half-smile at Eileen’s suggestion. “It’s placed within the Enochian sigil, not with the rest of the ingredients. Plus, the spell does say an ‘
“I, uh… I actually went job searching shortly after we took down Chuck,” Dean tells him. “This was the first thing I found that seemed…
Sam’s feet are already dragging him towards the Impala before he has time to finish his thoughts. He pulls her keys out from his pocket with his free hand, the other resting securely across Dean’s back to keep him in place, careful not to touch the entrance to the wound. He unlocks her doors, swinging open the back door and meticulously placing Dean down across the back seats, making sure he’s resting on his front to avoid any further damage to his injury. And, with some luck, gravity will help to slow down the bleeding…
It was strange that such a thought didn’t instill Dean with an urgent sense of panic. At this point, it was a common occurrence in their lives. Some incident that could potentially wipe out most if not all life on Earth. Lucifer rising, the apocalypse, hunting down God’s first creations -which would happily eat the world, talking down Amara from plunging the world into darkness. Now…this; God. It seems… unfathomable. It’s not just the world ending, it’s
that settled in his chest at Dean's words, every fibre of his being screaming at him to inch even closer.
His head lowers down, forehead resting atop his hand, resting atop the handprint. More tears are fighting to escape, but he doesn’t let them out. He doesn’t want to smudge it. His eyes are scrunched as hard as he dares, teeth clenched into a pained grimace. The breath he had been holding left his chest in one big shaky exhale, tightening his grip on Cas’s hand.
"You want me to talk to you?" Dean asked, with that damn tone of sarcasm back once more doing nothing but to rile Castiel up even more.
murdering me or my loved ones. Quite frankly… you have been a thorn in my side – and so what reason would I have to put myself out to keep you alive?”
“This better be some joke I don’t understand, Dean Winchester,” Cas pushed himself up until he was sitting, panicked eyes settling on Dean’s – unfortunately - completely serious face.
“What’dya mean? It’s not like I could have snuck out and done something. Not without falling down the stairs a million times and having to roll around in this damn thing everywhere around town.”
"The angel tablet..." Sam realizes, not sure whether to look at the violence he was seeing, or the obviously distraught Castiel, who was still trying valiantly to find the next shimmer.
She peels her eyes open as the second tick by in silence, tilting her head back down and glancing around the empty room. Empty. Not a God-child in sight. She hadn’t truly been expecting for anything to happen, yet it still felt like a punch to the gut. It would be too easy for them, wouldn’t it? A tap of the fingers from Jack and all their problems would just disappear…
Castiel gives him a sad smile, ducking his head to avoid Dean’s questioning gaze. “I know I’m not supposed to be here. But it was the only solution at the time.”
Sam nods slowly, and Dean knows the words that are about to leave Sam’s mouth before he even says them. “And if
shortly after dinner at Garth’s demands to create a dance floor – which everyone quickly agreed to on account of the booze flowing through their veins. Dean and Cas were all but content to watch everyone make a fool of themselves on the dance floor, smiles wide with pride as Claire manages to drag Jack onto the dance floor to join her and Kaia.
And as those words lingered in the air between them, Dean let the thoughts in his mind run free, knowing he’ll never have the balls to speak them out loud:
“I wasn’t sure if you would take them to heart after,” Cas tells him. “I knew all I could do was… make sure you knew the way
The realization makes Dean pale. “Oh… Jesus, Cas… I’m sorry for making you go through that… I know from experience it ain't fun watching someone you love die.”
a man. I fell in love with a man who’s willing to throw away any sense of comfort, of happiness for himself, if it means his little brother gets to experience them. I fell in love with a man who taught me what it’s like to truly be part of a family, who loved me even in the times I didn’t deserve it. It’s not just in the way you’ve devoted your life to saving innocents that makes you one of the bravest men I know. It’s that, despite all that’s happened to you, you still
he got back. It was nice to just sit out in the sun, Bobby and Sam next to me and… get to feel some sense of
to do was to expertly dart through the shallow waters, reach a spot where the sandy seabed began to slant and the waters above began to deepen, then smoothly dive into the next incoming wave; like he saw people do in those vacation commercials which popped up on his laptop that
“Yes,” Castiel breathed out, eyes clenched shut in a mixture of pleasure and mild discomfort, waiting for the usual burning stretch to fade away. “Keep going.
He didn’t think that was what the sound of Death approaching would be like. He had been expecting… a gunshot, perhaps. The bullet cracking, whistling as it flies towards him. Claws or teeth on flesh, maybe? His skin tearing apart, crimson blood spilling from his body with every fading heartbeat, until there’s nothing.
Sam looks down at Dean in surprise. He was still just as frozen in place, face still just as empty, and for a moment Sam wondered if he had actually heard Dean speak at all.
“Cas says I’m not crazy, so yeah - I’m pretty sure, Sammy,” Dean answered, voice dripping with sarcasm.
“My name is Dean Winchester,” Dean spoke to the mirror. “Mary and John Winchester are my parents. Sam is my little brother. Jack is my surrogate son, soon to be nephew. And Castiel… Castiel is my best friend. My fiancé. The love of love my life. And I’m about to get married. Holy
“I’m not sure what else you’d call surviving a rebar to the chest other than ‘lucky’. How it missed all of your organs…” The doctor’s voice trailed off as he shifted off to a table to the side, plucking up a pair of latex gloves and snapping them on his hands. “Now, Mr. Winchester… during your surgery, we discovered some severe damage to your thoracic lumbar-,”
Cas ducks his head down with a breathy chuckle that surprises them both. Okay, maybe this conversation would be
Sam was halfway through buttering his own slice of toast, searching through their depleted cupboards for his sugar-free jar of jelly (which is not real jelly, according to Dean), when Eileen places a gentle touch on his shoulder.
"I told Sammy it would only be for a moment. God, Cas, I lied straight to his face. Told him to jam me with that adrenalin, and I'd be right as rain.
I did it, because… I wanted you to live the life you deserve. Not the one Chuck had written out for you, not the one you
“So childish, Sammy,” Dean admonished, dropping back down onto Sam’s couch with a teasing smile. “People find that quality to be pretty unattractive in a guy, you know.”
Dean thought, tapping on Cas’s name and tapping away at the keyboard that popped up once he clicked on the text box.
“Then… How long are you staying here?” Castiel asked, and Dean's heart ached at the clear message in his voice.
they could be called butterflies - but only if those butterflies were armed with tiny bats and were furiously beating his insides with them.
Dean wheels himself over to the single mahogany closet tucked away in the corner of Cas’s room, huffing to himself in his frustration as he grabs hold of the handles to the doors. “There’s gotta be
leaning over the white crib, its paint peeling from the intense heat as Dean tries desperately to reach for baby Sam within. The sounds of young Dean’s panicked cries as he reached for his screaming brother were overwhelming and heart-breaking, but it was what Castiel needed for his mind to kick into gear.
His grace was twisting painfully inside him, a flickering, pulsating wisp of energy that was already desperately reaching out to the damage it sensed within Dean. Cas holds his grace back, knowing it would be pointless to heal Dean whilst a piece of metal was still skewered through him. With an exhausted grunt, Castiel reaches out to the pole behind him, placing his palms down on the support beam he was leant against. His teeth are gritted, grinding harshly together as he prepares himself for the agonizing pain this next move would make. Castiel lets Dean’s eyes flutter shut, sucking in a deep breath of air that makes his functioning lung rattle and his deflating lung collapse even further.
Cas knew that this was a suicide mission. That when that bomb in his chest went off, it would take him and Amara with it, and
“You’ve had to go through something awful, Dean,” Eileen piped up. “And this isn’t us saying you’re not strong enough to handle it, okay? It’s not. But things like this can take a toll on your mental health, even when you don’t realize it.”
gorgeous… Just like Baby’s color,” Dean threw a wink in Cas’s direction, giving Baby a pat underneath them. “Black’s a good color on you, Cas. Don’t let them asshats tell you otherwise.”
Dean looked over, seeing that Cas had already grabbed the book he had been reading from the night before – ‘
stronger willed than Dean, though. She doesn’t even have to beg him for anything; Dean’s already scraped his leftovers into her bowl before she even knows he has food.”
That contentment is broken by the shrill sound of his cell ringing, buts its an interruption he doesn't mind, Seeing Sam's name light up on the display with an incoming call, he grins, knowing it must be killing Sam to have to call and admit defeat.
, with Cas stood opposite him, reaching out and taking the bottle of beer out of Dean’s hands – apparently deciding Dean was done with it and only wanted it for relieving the pain in his head – and taking a swig from the bottle that Dean reacted.
Billy saw right fucking through me. She knew I wanted to die, and I asked her, man. Asked her not to bring me back."
“Unfair?” Castiel offers the word to finish Dean's rant. It’s enough for Dean to bark out a dry laugh.
“It made sense, at the time. I thought… well, I assumed we would have some time to rebuild Heaven more thoroughly, get everything done we wanted to achieve before you and your brother made your way up here. I had hoped for a good few decades at least… Then two Earth weeks later… I feel you dying.”
“Huh,” Sam said then, pointing between Dean and Cas. “I know you said you don’t care about the whole ‘law’ thing, but… once you’re married,
I can do to change that! When I know that even in the damn slim chance that you see me as anything but a friend, that I could
“More than that,” Sam says darkly, gritting his teeth against the harsh memory of that night. “It was a pack of Vamps that had been around for a while. And when I say a while, I mean our
“Yes, you can,” Castiel assured him. “If this spell doesn’t work, then… that’s just how it goes. Sam and Eileen will still be here, Dean. You’ll all still have each other. No matter what happens, I’m just grateful that we got to spend the time together that we did – even if most of it was in your head. I never thought we’d ever get to have this, Dean, so the fact that you’ve given me the one thing I always wanted? I’d consider my life fulfilled.”
“It’s the section of your spine just below your shoulder blades, running to the center of your back,” Dr. Sullivan answered. “When the rebar entered your back, it was forced in between two of your vertebrae. Those two were shattered, and a few above and below were fractured and pushed out of alignment. The damage to the vertebrae themselves, we were actually able to fix for the most part with the help of some titanium pins. Unfortunately, we noticed some evidence of trauma to your spinal cord.”
“Your mattress is much more comfortable than mine.” Castiel notes, placing a hand down on the mattress and pushing down to test its springiness.
“Yeah, for you,” Charlie jumps in. “Time is funky up here, feels like it’s been… a few hours? For me, at first, I was just at my old home, back when I was a kid. Just me, my mom, and my dad, like the good old times. But something felt… weird.”
to step back. Henry did as he was told, walking backward from Atheed as Sinclair followed him at a leisurely pace. The camera panned around to reveal a makeshift cover of sorts, a few sandbags hastily put together in the form of a wall, just enough space for two men. Henry settled behind the sandbags, camera pointed towards Atheed as Sinclair took his place behind the cover next to Henry.
that word. There was no way in hell that Chuck wrote this in as some weird, perverted love story. It just wasn’t his style, because then it would give Dean some little semblance of happiness, and he
Castiel is looking at him in that way again. That way that says he already knows all the little things inside Dean's head, all the things he thinks before he even thinks them.
“Yeah? Well, tell Cas to stop talking like an idiot, because we’re not giving up on him.” Sam said strongly, twisting one of the papers on the desk around before sliding it across to Dean.
“Oh yes, I know about Heaven’s little problem,” Sergei told them. “Last I heard, even the few angels that reside up there are struggling… but
He sits frozen in the car for a while after he arrives. He hadn’t realized how long he had been driving until he saw the signs for Pontiac, Illinois.  How long had the drive been? Ten hours? Eleven? The engine shook the frame of the car with its rumbles, which he found oddly soothing; like rocking a baby to sleep. The structure outside seemed to tower over him, even more derelict and run down than the last time he had been here.
“The day I get paid an honest day’s wages for the honest day’s work I do is the day I no longer rip off multi-billionaire companies and Uncle Sam.” Dean roughly folded up the shopping list and stuffed it into the back of his jeans pocket. “You wanna come with, Cas?”
Dean answered by flipping his phone around in his hands, offering it out for Cas to take. Castiel takes it, glancing down at the screen to see that the messenger app was open, displaying a text chain between Dean and Sam.
“How are you feeling?” Jody asks, the worry in her eyes remaining despite Castiel’s diagnosis. She offers a hand to Claire, who gladly takes it, allowing herself to be pulled up into a sitting position.
“You may be right there, lass. Then again, maybe it’s best he doesn’t drink at all. Would be a shame if he can’t get it up on his wedding night of all nights-,”
shut, which Castiel takes as a good sign. Dean didn’t look uncomfortable. In fact, he looked quite the opposite. It might have been the most relaxed he had ever seen Dean; apart from when he’s unconscious, but he isn’t too sure if that counts.
“Dean Winchester,” Dean said with the polite business smile he’s seen Sammy use with his professors, sticking out a hand for Castiel to shake. “Nice to meet you,
This dream… it wasn’t acting out like the actual horrific event had. At this point, John Winchester should have already been in the room. He should have been there to witness his wife pinned to the roof; stomach ripped open as the flames erupt. Dean should have run into the burning room, should have had his baby brother placed into his arms and commanded to “Get your brother outside as fast as you can. Now, Dean - Go!” from his father.
Sam led him down a side-street which, to Dean's dismay, seemed to be even more crowded than the one they had just left. “Yeah, well, don’t be so sure till you’ve tried it yourself,” Dean said, his heart sinking at the sight of the building filled to the brim with customers, which he had a nasty feeling was the one they were headed for.  “Just because people say you should try the wonders of bondage doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll like it yourself.”
“Thank you…” Castiel mumbled quietly, finding it quite hard to meet Dean’s gaze. “I never really took much notice of the other angel’s opinions, anyway… Yours is the only one I care about.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know you’re just here for Sam,” Dean grinned at the flush that spread across Eileen’s face. “Seriously, though, you being here? It’s what Sam needs right now. He, uh… he was crushed when you left. He understood of course, but… kid was pining hard for you. Wasn’t the same, you know?”
“Huh?” Dean finds himself raising a hand to his face self-consciously, only to confirm that yep, he still had the smile planted on his face. “What? Something wrong with me being in a good mood?”
The doctor opened his mouth to speak, a perplexed frown etched across his face. He shut his mouth again, giving a small shake of his head before continuing. “We truly don’t have an explanation for how your brother survived his injuries. Based on your description and the location and angle of the entry wound… that rebar should have at the very least pierced a lung, perhaps even his heart. The surgeons went in expecting this, but… there was nothing. Somehow,
“I need you to know that I wasn’t ignoring you,” Jack says, bending down to pick up one of the tiny pieces of wood he had kicked up. “Any of you. I knew what was happening. With you, and with Dean. His accident and then… what’s been happening to you.”
“I know,” Castiel said gently, squeezing Dean’s hand under his own, his chest aching at the passionate look in Dean’s teary eyes. “I know.”
“So, this is it?” The defeated tone in Dean’s voice crumpled what was left of Sam’s strength. “I can’t walk?”
He had just about heard the concern in Cas’s voice past the ringing in his ears, poor Cas caught between fretting over Sam’s current state of unconscious and the large gash on Dean’s head that was still sluggishly bleeding. And then he told him. Then and there, with his
Jody, Claire, and Kaia startle at the piercing blue light that overtakes Dean’s eyes, unsettled by the unnaturally blank and tense posture that comes over Dean. Three pairs of frantic eyes shift over to Sam and Eileen, only relaxing marginally when they see the two aren’t phased by what was happening.
“But… how did you get any information from angel radio? My siblings would only transfer in Enochian to one another.”
"You know what I would appreciate, Dean?" Castiel interrupts his angry words, the question enough to get Dean to stutter to a stop.
“You will, Dean. Sometimes, after… after Jess, I’d see her, too. Grief does strange things to the mind.”
Waiting was the worst part, Sam decided. Once they tell you the outcome… there’s not much else you can do. It’s the in-between part, where half of your mind is already starting the grieving process, whilst the other side is clinging to the belief that they’re going to pull through no matter what.
“You should have,” Dean argued, but with no heat to his voice. This was an argument they had many years ago, now.
“Hey-,” Sam reached their side just as Dean finished talking, sounding slightly out of breath from his fast-paced walk from the bunker over to them. “-We might have to make a change of plans.”
“Of course not!” Donna proclaimed, giving Dean an enthusiastic slap to the arm with the back of her hand. “Now I know about all the spooky things out there that I never knew about! Good to feel like I can actually make a difference.”
Claire scoffed at that, feeling comfortable enough to walk further into the room and drop down into the armchair opposite, leaning back against the cushioned pillow with her arms crossed. “
The second he was within reach, he knocked the stupid damn fishing pole out of Cas’s hands and threw his arms around him, grateful for the way his trick knee no longer ached with the movement. Cas dropped the fishing pole without a second thought, returning the tight hold Dean had on him with a bemused chuckle. “Dean, it’s only been two weeks.”
on this Earth - and every other damn Earth out there - is here? Because me, Sam, Cas, and our kid? We kicked God’s
was, but instead so cushioned that it would likely feel like walking upon a cloud – if he were to remove his shoes, that was.
The phone slips from his hands once more, the thump of it hitting the floor echoing around the quiet room. His head falls into his hands again, a fresh wave of agony washing over him as he hears the sound of the call disconnecting.
explanation he could give. The words had just… slipped right out of his mouth. It was barely even a thought in his mind before he had said it. And oh boy, he had said it. It was there, hanging between them, and Cas was still turned away from him, still staring down at the interior of his trench coat he held in his hands, not
Dean could hear Cas’s long-suffering sigh deep within his mind. None the less, he felt that uncomfortable squeeze of pressure as Cas pushed himself to the front, sliding away into his own mind as he passes over the controls.
“That’s what I’ve been told. Gotta give them props for it- just the two of them working here, and with
Dean laughed humorlessly, resting his chin on the top of the guitar. “How would I, Cas? You think Dad would have splurged out on a guitar for me? Bring it with us everywhere we go? He’d probably have just scolded me for wasting my time on a ‘useless skill’ when I could be learning something important.”
“What? No! No, of course not!” Sam spluttered, backtracking quickly. “I just… with everything going on, I thought you might want to-,”
Sam had been slumped over in his chair, dead to the world when he was woken abruptly by Eileen roughly shoving his shoulder.
Getting back into the wheelchair from the Impala was about as fun as getting out of the wheelchair – but at least this time he didn’t end up face-first on the floor, so... Dean considered that an improvement.
“When I was hanging on that nail… saying my goodbyes to Sammy, I was… I was fading damn quick, Cas. I suppose having a piece of metal shoved through your spine messes you up pretty bad, so… For a moment, I forgot… I forgot you were gone. I was looking around for you, man. I was trying to find you, coz… I never got to say goodbye. You got your goodbye, you know? You said a hell of a lot more than just goodbye, and… you deserved to hear so much more from me, more than just a
. First time I woke up here was weird, too. One second I’m watching you throw a Molotov at Lucifer himself, the next I’m being ripped into atoms, and… here I am.”
“Wait, wait – let me get this straight,” Dean leaned up from his laughing fit, placing a hand on Castiel’s shoulder as he asks, “So you walked into heaven… saw my Dad… and before he could even say anything to him, you walked right up and
The call didn’t make him jump. He hadn’t felt it at first, hadn’t even heard the irritating buzzing sound in his pocket. At least, not until it had rung again. His body had been moving on autopilot, pulling out the phone and staring blankly down at the glare of the screen.
words he had prayed to him. But there’s nothing. Nothing but the usual patient look that Castiel always held. “Listen man, I’m always one for avoiding big girly talks as much as the next guy, but… are you really not going to say
him at Chuck. I can’t keep pretending like I believe it’s going to work. That it’s all going to be okay.”
The medkit was sat neatly where it always is, placed for easy access in emergencies like these. Injuries were often in their line of work, after all. He snatches the green box hurriedly from within the clutter in Baby’s trunk, slamming it closed so hard he can already hear Dean bitching at him from here.
Jody’s face dropped as Sam shifted to the side, catching sight of an oddly cheerful-looking Dean Winchester sat within a wheelchair. She hadn’t meant for her mouth to drop open the way that it did, or for her mind to fully expect for Dean to jump straight out of the wheelchair and all three of them to burst into laughter at her reaction in what would be some sick prank. But he doesn’t. Instead, he wheels closer to her, the cheerful smile on his face wavering as the seconds tick by.
They hadn’t even stayed for dinner. Not that Jody hadn’t offered – she had nearly forced them to sit down at the dinner table by gunpoint. There was something about Dean’s slumped, distant posture that eventually had Jody backing off. Dean had insisted that he wasn’t hungry and had ‘lost his appetite’, which was a cause of concern in itself when it came to Dean, but after what had just happened… Sam would be lying if he said he felt in the mood for sitting around the table for a family dinner, too.
Castiel tightened his hold on Dean a little bit more. “Yes… you’ve been through a lot – the both of you.”
Dean blinked owlishly at Cas, the shock mixed with the adrenaline sending his brain into overdrive. Cas’s shy smile widened briefly for a moment, barely wincing at the sting of his split lip being pulled.
"I hadnt been expecting to see you back so early, and I certainly hadn't expected for you to have heard me, well..."
Seeing as there’s not much else for him to do but follow the instructions given to him, Castiel finds himself standing up from the bar, casting one last look to past friends. They all give him reassuring smiles as he follows Jimmy – even getting an encouraging nod from John, much to Cas’s bewilderment. Jimmy leads him towards the kitchen of the Roadhouse, leading him through past the well-loved ovens, stoves, and cooking utensils before arriving at the back door to the Roadhouse, leading to an outside Castiel has never seen.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked him, frowning down at the hand on his arm. “Aren’t we supposed to be
At the same time, he doesn't want to ruin Cas's obviously relaxed atmosphere. If Cas was still pissed off at him, as Sam had suggested, he didn't want to upset Castiel any further.
Castiel opened his mouth to answer when an odd look twisted across his features. It almost looked like he was trying to listen for something, his eyes dull and unfocused.
“We’re just worried, is all,” Eileen said gently, placing what Dean is sure would be a comforting hand on his lower leg – if he could feel it, that is. “And we know we’re being over-bearing right now, and you want nothing more than for us to get lost-,”
“There’s no need to apologize, Dean,” Cas stopped Dean’s apology before it could even begin. “I know better now, of course. You did what you had to do for Sam. I understand.”
“They managed to snag an angel for themselves. You remember back when Gadreel had possessed you, and you were trying to extract his left-over grace?”
"Hey, hon," Dean greets Castiel with a warm smile, eyes shifting from Castiel to Sam. "James managed to drag you away, huh?"
the grace. You see, when we first performed the procedure, we expected for the removal of the grace to also remove the angel. Not so, unfortunately. It simply stripped the angel of their power, leaving them mortal… taking over control from the vessel. So this time, our angel here still has some of his grace left, but not much. Barely enough to keep himself an angel.”
"Hey, Kiddo," Dean greets him brightly, grunting as the wind is knocked out of him when the boy practically launches himself at Dean. "What'cha doing out here?"
Thankfully, Castiel rolled with the change without a complaint - though Dean resolutely chose to ignore the brief flicker of disappointment he saw from Cas. “Not typically, no. I believe some people are more aware of when they’re dreaming, with some even able to gain some form of control over their dreams.”
He finally pinpoints the sound when he heads down a hallway leading to the storage rooms, and once he realises what exactly it is his hearing, his feet come to a startled stop.
If I've got my planning right... there's only one chapter left. I can't quite believe it. One last upload after this and... that's it. Guess I better put all my effort into this last one for a great send off, huh?
Dean grabbed Castiel by the lapels of his trench coat to shut him up, tugging him forward and damn near dragging him over the counter. Castiel had gone wide-eyed, bracing himself by grabbing onto Dean's arms, keeping him suspended over the counter.
It was his heart, believe it or not. Not an angel blade through the chest, or a Vamp’s teeth sinking into his throat, or a Were’s claws ripping him open. His heart was simply too old. Too tired. It was failing – and it was the best type of death either of them could have asked for.
kind of cougar, Cas…” Dean barely manages to say through his chuckles, shaking his head at his, occasionally, clueless angel. “You know… part of me wishes I could give you a handprint of my own. My version of a ‘Property of Dean Winchester’ sign… Guess the ring would have to do…”
It was a relief when Castiel’s face broke out into a huge happy smile – crow’s feet and all – nearly tripping over his chair as he engulfs Dean in a hug that squeezes all the air out of Dean’s lungs.
that angel. Jack was able to reach me in the Empty with a combination of his powers, and his desire to have me back. Dean was able to reach me through his fear of death, his desperation to have someone save him… and his longing to see me again.”
Dean wheels himself down the bunker hallways as he asks Cas this, eyes scanning across the golden numbers glued on the wooden doors as he went.
Well, the news didn’t technically come from Sam. Dean had overheard them talking about it one night, trying to find a way to bring up to him and Cas that Sam was planning to go back to Stanford to finish up his law degree. Made sense; having a well-paying job with a steady income was a better way to go about raising a kid than in the bunker.
The corner of Sam’s lips curved into a subtle smile, his fingers tapping a random rhythm against the cool metal surface of the table as he thought. “There’s… there’s something else.”
“I think little Cas likes you,” Dean told his husband, fighting back a laugh when the curious child pats at Castiel’s cheeks with his chubby hands.
“Subtle things I’ve picked up over the years,” Castiel replied. “The pat of your arms on my back as you hug me. Your grasp on my thigh, when I returned from the death by that reapers hand. Your hand squeezing my shoulder as you wrap a blanket around my cursed body… brushing a hand over my growing stubble in Purgatory… the lingering touch of your hand on mine whenever I was saved from the brink of death…”
“You’ll figure it out eventually,” Castiel assured him, gesturing for Dean to take one of the beers.
He could still vividly remember the day they had to put Miracle down. She had been slowing down for a while, the gray in her muzzle spreading more and more, her eyes getting cloudier and cloudier. Even though he knew she was at that point where her life was more pain than happiness, that she would be going someplace much better... it was hard to let go. He supposed he wasn’t exactly mourning on her behalf, for her loss, but for the way her loss would impact
“Am I going to have to catch you if you pass out?” Sam leaned forward from his spot as the best man to whisper into Dean’s ear, nearly getting an elbow in response from Dean, whose gaze was fixated on the aisle ahead and the – as of yet – empty expanse of forest that led up to it.
It echoed around Castiels head, accompanied by the rhythmic footsteps from Dean as he walked away from him,  walked away from this conversation.
about my prior life – my brothers and sisters, my Father; the billions of years I spent as a Soldier of God, watching over Earth in many forms, flying past the planets of the various galaxies my father had created…
Dean could only shrug his shoulders in response. “Jack said he wasn’t going to be ‘hands-on’ with the world. Guess he meant it. No more second chances.”
“You okay?” Dean asks as soon as he feels Cas begin to push away from him, letting his eyes scan across Cas’s form to check for any obvious wounds or spilling of grace.
“I really hope you’re close,” Dean begged to any Gods that were listening, though he was sure what they were doing went against every Bible known to man.
“Stop cutting Dean,” The angel commanded urgently. “I don’t have enough grace left to keep healing him like this.”
Baby purrs just like she used to when Dean switches on the ignition. That deep rumble that emits from the engine, shakes her chassis and even now brings a smile to his face. That smile only grows when, out of curiously, he switches on the heat. He doesn’t need it of course - it’s a comfortably warm day - but the sound of the Legos rattling away in her vents is all he needed to hear. And when he cranes his neck around into the back seats, spotting the off-green army men figures crammed into the ashtray, he knows he’s going to have to wrap Jack up in a big old bear hug if ever shows his face around here.
It felt as if they had been reliving the memories for hours, but from the looks of it, barely a minute had passed. The warehouse they had been in looked as dark and dreary as ever, and worst of all, Dean still laid unconscious on the floor.
Cas rolled his eyes at him, snapping his fingers once more. The blood vanished from the surface of the couch, along with his trench-coat returning to its usual clean state of being.
“It’s very nice to meet you,” Castiel said to the child who probably couldn’t understand what he just said. He caught little Cas’s explorative hands in his free one, sending him into another fit of giggles at the giant hands that covered his own.
“Alright, that's-” Sam cleared his throat awkwardly, slowly closing the lid of his laptop down. “That’s a conversation I’m not ready for.” Sam shot a strained smile at Jack before turning his pointed gaze to Dean. “For
“Of course, Dean,” Cas had replied, only now letting his hand drop away from Dean’s head, and that was all Sam could take.
“Charlie?” Castiel is just about able to get out, having all the air squeezed out of his new lungs by the arms locked around his ribs.
“What? That I greeted my best friends return from the dead by giving him a beating? Yeah, I kinda noticed.”
compare me to your brother again,” Dean insisted, relieved to see the corner of Cas’s eyes crinkle instead of furrow in offense on behalf of his brother. “Otherwise, it’ll just make us dating plain weird.”
Castiel has a hand cupped against his jaw, his thumb lazily trailing down the stubble on his cheek. Such a small movement is enough to send a chill down Dean's spine, shuddering in Castiels hold.
Dean awkwardly wheels himself in between the lit white candles that were dotted along the exterior of the sigil, letting his hands brush across the scratchy material of Cas’s coat before carefully lowering it down onto the ground, spreading out the coat as much as his body would let him before wheeling himself back and out of the sigil.
Sam pressed the angel that was possessing his brother into the bed with one hand on its shoulder, holding the angel blade against its neck. The thing using Dean’s eyes glances down anxiously to the blade, the angel’s hand on his arm insistently pushing him away. Eileen stood nearby, checking the door to make sure no one would come into the room.
him. Strangely, it kind of hurt to think that, upon hearing his confession, Cas had just sort of automatically assumed that he had meant he loved him like a brother. Perhaps it hurt because, he wasn’t sure if Cas assumed that because of the way he’s always treated him, or because Cas could just never
“Hi, uh…” Sam raises his other hand to rub across his forehead, choosing his words carefully. It wasn’t too difficult to amplify the tremble that was already in his voice. “I, um… I was walking my dog through a farmer’s field and I heard screaming coming from this barn. My dog pulled me towards it and… there’s a bunch of bodies here.”
“Morning nerds,” Dean greeted them oh so kindly, balancing a scalding cup of coffee a little too close to the family jewels than he’s comfortable with as he pushed himself towards the two. “What’s got you two so jittery at this time of the day?”
Angels leave such a brand on humans they intend to claim, almost as an offering – a proposition if you will – to the human who’s mark they leave.”
He squirms underneath the man’s grip, his shallow, quick intakes of air a sure sign of an approaching panic attack. To Dean’s surprise, the man's grip slackened, and he let Dean scramble up to his feet. Dean stumbled back into the wall as the man smoothly got to his feet, stood there silently watching Dean panic as he slapped his hand against the wall, searching for the light switch. Dean’s hand passes over the smooth cool plastic of the panel, and he smacks down hard on the switch.
“Just try and reduce the number of times you two suck faces around me once you get Cas back,” Claire tells him, much to Dean’s – and Cas’s – horror. “It’s gonna take me a while to not see it as you kissing my dad…”
Dean could see the moment it all sunk in on Sam’s face. As he pulled his hand away from Dean, confirming that the all too familiar warm, thick wetness he felt coating Dean’s back was what he knew it to be. The crimson redness of it glared back at him, his brother's blood spread across his hand and spilling from Dean’s body with every passing second.
laughing here. It starts off small and innocent enough, and then before he knows it he’s hunched over himself, an arm slung around his stomach and wheezing so hard he might just pass out from lack of oxygen. Cas at least had the decency to look concerned for his mental wellbeing for the first few seconds, shooting Dean a rather alarmed look as his laughter got louder and louder. Said laughter proved to be contagious however, and even through his mass confusion, Castiel found himself breaking out into deep rumbles of laughter, a peaceful warm lighted in his chest at the sound of Dean’s carefree laughter.
“Speaking of…” Sam mumbled, the change on his face from relief to an analyzing and calculating look aimed at Castiel making Dean’s stomach drop. “Cas… how is it that you’re here? You were dead. For a
certainly isn’t,” Dean said. “You on the other hand? I can practically see the halo on your head and the fluffy wings behind you. Quite frankly, if someone told me you were, I’d believe ‘em. See, I don’t believe in God, Cas. But after meeting you? I may have to rethink that.”
“You think I wouldn’t take the opportunity to embarrass my husband in front of everyone?” Dean said, ignoring the narrow-eyed glare Cas sent his way.
Change scared me, and I didn’t know how to face that. Then you walked into my life- I guess technically
“You know what? Don’t answer that. I don’t wanna know,” Dean grumbled, reaching over to the left side of his bed for his wheelchair that sat nearby. “Point is Cas helped me to see there’s more to me than I thought; made me realize that I actually
“Dean!?” Castiel quickly pushes himself to his knees on the inflatable, grasping at the edges tightly as he peers over into the water below, the horrifying thought of seeing Dean’s drowned body sunk to the bottom of the seabed passing through his mind. “Dean! Where-,”
of the problem we have. We had my soul to bring me back, to recreate my body. Cas… doesn’t have that.”
so… Guess I never really bothered. Plus I’m pretty damn sure my dream guitar playing skills won’t translate well to real-life…”
Dean lifted a tentative hand between the two of them, pushing it forward and gently resting his palm on Castiel’s chest. There was no heartbeat under his palm, but a flow of pulsating, warm, static-like energy that rested just underneath his skin, eagerly pressing itself against Dean’s prying hands. Dean lifted his eyes up to meet Cas’s, his mouth opening and closing uselessly as a million thoughts raced through his head. Dean’s hand shifts up, sliding up past Castiel’s neck and caressing across the side of his face, the sharp burn of stubble rubbing against Dean’s skin as he moves. The touch elicited another subtle smile from Cas, the angel patiently waiting for Dean to finish his inspection.
Dean’s room hadn’t been touched since they had left. The bed had been left hastily made, its sheets wrinkled, and pillows haphazardly placed atop the covers. A few half drunken bottles of beers were dotted around the room, most in arms reach, giving the room a perpetual stench of alcohol that lingered in the air – though not as strong as Sam had smelt just a week before.
, in response to what he had laid out on the table. There wasn’t much Dean ever wanted in his life, simply going through it, following the flow, making sure Sammy got all that
“And probably why you guys get into so much trouble all the time,” Eileen pushed herself off the map table, patting Dean’s shoulder as she passed by him. “I think I’m going to head to bed – and you should do the same after your nightcap.”
They decided not to go with some stuffy church that would probably have people looking down on them and cursing the government for forcing them to let two men be happy, God
I also spent Sunday evening moping about after the Buccaneers destroyed the Packers offensive line... (sorry, I'll shut up about American Football) and pretty much spent the whole rest of the evening reading destiel fics to cheer myself up.
Jody’s eyes narrow at the stranger in her living room. Sam’s judgment was the only reason she had her gun pointed to the floor, and not at this fiery woman. “Okay, I’ll be more specific;
Castiel cocked his head at him, the small smile on his lips matching the rather bewildered stare he was giving Dean as he got over his fit of giggles. “Yes, I knew.”
“Technically, that compliment is for me!” Jimmy calls over from his own table, getting a disappointed smack to the arm from his wife next to him.
Dean immediately tenses up the question, while knowing that the conversation would eventually lead to this, was still not prepared for it.
He can almost hear the ‘whomp’ of wings he hasn’t heard in years. Could almost envision the sight of Cas stood behind him, head tilted to the side, looking to him in genuine angel curiosity as he answers Dean’s prayers. But when he looks around, the forests of Purgatory look just as empty through his tear-filled vision as they did moments before. “Okay…” Dean forces himself up, wiping a hand down his face to wipe away any evidence of what had just happened. Reset himself back to Dean Winchester. Hunter. Son of John Winchester.
Overloaded with a power they had never known, the fragile glass bulbs bursting with the power they were unable to contain. Dean hadn’t ever felt such fear. This… this was something different. Something new.
“I think a part of Sam will always be grieving you, Dean. Whilst it true that time heals all wounds, those scars will still remain. But I think after these few years since, he’ll already be in a better place.”
Dean would have sworn in his surprise if he wasn’t so damn thankful to hear that Scottish melody of an accent behind him. He spun around on the spot, finding Rowena stood a few meters behind him; dressed in a distractingly bright red dress that matched the ruby rose color of her lipstick, with her fiery shade of hair pulled up into a neat and classy bun atop her head.
“You’ll get used to this,” Castiel told him, gesturing at their surroundings. “Most humans don’t realize they’re dreaming until after they’ve awoken. It’s only because I’m interfering with your dreams that you become aware of your unconscious state.”
“That’s the reason we’re here, Claire,” Castiel tells her. “I know I’ve taken so much from you already. And now… I have to ask more of you again.”
“There’s been a reason I’ve been wearing long-sleeved shirts,” Castiel told him. “You did say you wanted your own ‘Property of Dean Winchester’ sign.”
“Thanks, Doc,” Sam uttered almost silently, eyes fixated to the image of his brother's shattered spine in his lap. The doctor's hand disappeared from his shoulder, and when Sam next looked up, the seat beside him was empty again.
“Joanna Beth!” Ellen pulled out the full name. “There was a million different ways you could have said that.”
That wasn’t Cas’s voice this time. Even Cas startled above him, looking around and to the sky, the voice seeming to echo all around them.
The angel to fall in love with the righteous man. Angels aren’t supposed to love, you see. Emotions are seen as distractions. Emotions were thought only possible to humans because of one thing.”
“Uh…. You know…” Dean wiggled his brows at Cas. “Like when there’s a sock on the door… if the rooms rocking, don’t come knocking?”
“One of the many downsides to having near cult-like religious parents,” Castiel replied with a grimace. “My brothers and I were all named after angels; Michael was their firstborn, then Lucifer after, then Gabriel, then Raphael, then finally me.”
A small smile of sympathy hitched at Sam’s lips at the clear apprehension on Claire’s face. He takes the few steps over to the couch where Claire was sat, followed closely behind by Cas as he wheels himself next to Claire.
“Okay, so… Cas left this mark on me. We’ve established that.” Dean mumbled as he came back to reality, Cas’s confession leaving him with an oddly hollow yet warming feeling, the two juxtapositions fighting for dominance. “But why did it come back?”
to think. It was just him, the worn steering wheel under his hands, and the asphalt in front of him. His mind didn’t even register the sun dipping below the horizon. It didn’t register the murky purple and orange of the sunset turning to black; to that inky, endless blackness he
Watching the change of expression on Cas’s face was always something to behold to Dean. Usually such small changes, but at this point, Dean could read Cas like a book. This time? He’s not too sure. The curious look dissolves away, eyebrows straightening back from their furrowed position. He recognizes the wide-eyed look though- that’s the tell-tale sign that Castiel is feeling nervous. He doesn’t know what for, though. Well, maybe he does know why Cas is feeling nervous, if the pounding in
And no matter how much I wanted to get you out, I knew deep down that trying to would get me killed. Because I’d be so desperate to find you, I wouldn’t know when to stop, when to call it quits. And If I got myself killed like that after you gave yourself up for me… it would be such an insult to you. I couldn’t do that….”
"We'll figure it out," Dean insists, returning his pleading gaze back to Cas in front of him. "Cas, buddy, I need you."
The dirt quickly shifted to tarmac, the sickly yellow glow of the highway lights passing by in a blur. Sam found his gaze frequently lifting to the rear-view mirror, looking for his brother. Making sure he could see his chest rising and falling with every ragged breath.
Blackness rapidly began to close in, the cool blue waters and matching sky disappearing into nothingness as Sam’s yells began to pull Dean out from his slumber. Dean got one last look of his perfect beach vacation, one last glance at Castiel’s face –flickering with what Dean knew full well to be disappointment- before Cas too was swallowed up by the sinking darkness.
Sam’s questioning frown quickly broke out into an amused grin, the two sporting similar expressions that they wielded against a quickly reddening Dean. “Ooohhhh… Was that it, Dean? Did you and Cas have a nice ‘
there, lips so tantalisingly close, that all it would take is to tilt his head slightly with a small push, and everything he had been fighting against for
“Cas was my Eileen, Sam.” Dean could hear Sam’s mouth snap close, the stunned silence on the other end of the phone too loud in Dean’s ear. “And I know you sure as hell don’t like talking about her. I had to…
one should be no problem, but uh…” Sam sighs, switching his gaze over to Castiel. “Listen Cas, I didn’t want to bring this up back at the bunker because I kind of had a feeling you’d shoot it down before I could even ask Claire.”
“Is this supposed to be some sort of trick?” Castiel asks the thing wearing his skin, unsure whether to keep his eyes focused on his double, or the strange world he had woken up in.
There aren't too many relaxing places for Dean Winchester. He's fairly certain he would be able to name them all on one hand. In fact, his hand could be missing a few fingers and he'd still be good to list them off.
Cas smiles softly down at the drink in his hand. “I’m not too sure what a break would even entail for me…”
Whilst Dean found the constant passing of the lights ahead anxiety-inducing, Castiel found them almost soothing, feeling his eyelids begin to droop as he got comfortable in the passenger seat, the lights of the passing cars beginning to blur together until there was nothing but darkness.
Dean smiled, glancing down to the whisky in his hand to avoid seeing Castiel’s judgment of his shitty apartment. “Yeah? And what do you think of… here?”
“Um… yes?” Dean offered his answer hesitantly, unsure as to whether he was about to celebrate alongside Cas or suffer through one of their first real arguments as a couple.
This time… there was something different about it. There was no soft music playing from the jukebox – which was switched off, it’s colorful flashing lights left blank and empty. The soft amber glow of the overhead lights were also switched off - bar from one - leaving the bar in a cold and unwelcoming atmosphere. Only one light was lit, aimed at a sullen-looking Dean Winchester sat upon a bar stool in the corner of the room. There was no beaming smile like there was last time, replaced with an empty expression as he leaned back against the corner wall with… a guitar?
“Alright,” She grunts, closing the book hard enough that it made an audible ‘thud’, tapping her fingers along the hard cloth cover. “Guess I’m doing this…”
It’s only once he pulls himself to his feet that he feels a heavy weight resting in his hand that certainly wasn’t there before. His hand-crafted weapon had seemingly materialized into his hands out of thin air, which was on-par for his dreams of Purgatory. They were the same practically every time he had them; wake up, find his weapon,
“Dean, do you remember… it was during one of your dreams. We were on a beach, lazing about in the water, and I spoke to you in many different tongues. There was one part, where I talked to you about my time as a human. Of course, you didn’t know this, as you did not understand the languages I was speaking, but… I feel the need to expand on this, for you to understand.
Dean whipped his head back around to face Sam and Eileen. “What the hell do we do? Do we give him CPR?”
“Well, Mr. Winchester, it seems you are just full of surprises,” Dr. Sullivan said with a pleased smile. “We assumed that, with the damage, you would have lost all feeling below the injury. Seems like you still have some sensation of touch in your upper body, and we’ve already seen that you still retain full control of your arms. I think we’re well past calling you ‘lucky’. It’s a damn right miracle.”
With the click of his fingers and a grin on his face like he was the cat that got the cream, Castiel was stripped of his usual wardrobe. His trench coat, suit, and formal black shoes were long gone; replaced by an obnoxiously hot-pink Hawaiian shirt in the same style of Dean’s, along with a similar style of swimming trunks- although his pair were colored a deep and familiar blue which matched the steely eyes that were sending daggers Dean’s way.
Dean doesn’t find himself back in the present until he feels the sharp sting in his palm. He had fallen to his knees on the hard concrete, shards of glass piercing through the flesh of his hand. He raises a shaking hand to his face, instinctively picking out the jagged pieces from it. Crimson blood had bubbled to the surface, dribbling down the side of his hand from the bigger slices. His fingers clenched into a fist, intensifying the pain as his blood squeezed between his closed fingers.
“That’s coz’ you were meant to.” Dean slammed the refrigerator door shut behind him, turning and leaning against the gleaming silver door- thanks to a recent clean by yours truly, thank you very much.
“Yeah,” Dean replied, his eyes still glued onto Sam. “You’re my angel. Mommy says you watch over me.”
Dean grumbled quietly to himself, adding another item to the ever-increasing list of supplies they’ll need to stock up on. “The supplies are getting depressingly low in here. I’m nearly out of beers, the meat-man needs to stock up on his meats-,”
The slightly scratch of stubble against his face is a stark contract from the smooth skin he's used to feeling, but he finds that its not as jarring as he had expected it to be. Its more of something he's only slightly aware of in the background of his mind, too focused on the warmth of Castiels body against his own, of feeling Castiel slowly drop his hand away from Dean's hand, instead sliding up his arm and resting at the back of Deans neck, unconsciously trying to pull Dean closer to him.
Castiel pulled himself back up, placing a hand on his chest as he took another deep breath in, this one – thankfully – not sending him into another round of coughs. “I… I think so.”
“You can show us later,” Castiel leans forward to whisper to Jack, giving him a wink as the pout on Jack’s face changes into a pleased smile.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at John, wishing there was still enough grace left inside him to track John’s pulse and see if he was lying or not. “Good…” Castiel finally breaks the silence the three were in. “Because I intend to be by Dean’s side every second he’s here to make sure you do, indeed,
“Cas?” It was barely more than a whisper, yet his voice seemed to boom around the barn. “Cas, I… I don’t know how it works… wherever
He was meant to go back for the others, get them out of that nightmare and back to safety. But… he couldn’t. He couldn’t go back there, see the bodies that littered the floor, see… see where his brother’s blood has dried into the ground.
the hell had taken up Castiel’s form. “I don’t know if you were made by my own mind, or if something else is at play here, but this is
Castiel’s brain comes to a sudden halt. Somehow, he’s able to register Sam’s encouraging pat on his shoulder after he had jumped off the table, him and Eileen passing by and exiting the barn, leaving Castiel to absorb the situation in front of him.
Personally, Dean would like to say his stamina was one of the best. Right now, though, he was in the same boat as Cas. In fact, a part of him was worried that, despite Cas’s claims, he was going to finish before Cas would. And that? That simply wouldn’t do. Ask any woman he’s been with before; he’s as much as a giver as he is a taker.
turning his back on the conversation by turning his back on Dean. “What is it with you and your obsession with sexual intercourse…”
So, he won’t think about all that. He’ll peel his trench coat from his arms and lay it over Dean’s slumbering form. He’ll pull off his suit jacket, neatly and carefully fold it so he doesn’t tug on the earphones, and place it on the foot of the bed. He’ll let himself sink into the memory foam mattress until it wraps itself around his body. He’ll let the corner of his lips lift when Dean’s head drops down to rest on his shoulder. He’ll rest his head against the top of Dean’s, and he’ll let his eyes droop, and he’ll let himself be pulled under into a gentle slumber with Dean’s hand still held securely in his own.
Dean’s face scrunched in confusion. “Uh, okay? If not with strangers, then who? Who else would you want to-,”
Dean hissed at him, grabbing at the arm that was reaching for his phone, no doubt to record his poor brother. “We are
That was until he lost his wings and the boys moved into the Men of Letter’s bunker. It was easier before when he could just fly over to whichever sleazy, rundown motel they had stopped in for the night and keep himself hidden while he watched over Dean. He knew that there was nowhere safer for Dean to sleep than in the sigil covered bunker, and yet… that urge to watch over him always remained.
“I can taste this,” Castiel’s voice was alight with curiosity, raising the glass up the dimmed lights that hung above the bar.
Dean was a pretty straight-forward guy. Wandering into a bar after a grueling day, all he wanted was a beer. Not some fancy, locally made, fruit-infused, low alcohol crap. Just a beer. When he shuffled into his motel room after hours on the road, he just wanted a room. Not some stylish, new-age design with wallpapers so bright they made his eyes hurt- and then charged him extra for it.  He wanted a simple room with bland walls and a bed. Really, all he asks for is for his mattress not to have some weird-ass stains all over it.
Because if the way I felt for you was as strong as it was whilst I had my grace… how would I cope with it, as nothing more than a human? All these new….
As much as he would be content to sit here a listen to Cas sing all day, the guilty part of him knew full well he shouldn't. There was obviously a reason that Cas didn't sing in front of them, and it felt wrong to take advantage of the fact that Cas didn't know he was even there.
"Uh... Cas?" Sam calls out to Cas, the hair on the back of his neck standing upright the second they arrive in the new memory. "Where are we?"
She finds her hands digging into the couch underneath her, gripping onto the soft material in a vice-like grip. She has no doubt that Jody isn’t going to appreciate the gouge marks she makes in the expensive leather with her nails, but that’s a problem for future Claire. Right now, present Claire has to focus on remembering how to breathe, on keeping the scream that wants to burst out from her lungs settled in place, on easing pressure in her jaw as she clenches her teeth in case she ends up biting her tongue.
He knew he’d messed it all up the second the words left his mouth. And yet, in that moment of overboiling, long over-due anger spilling out, he simply didn’t have enough reasoning left to realize it.
“We thought maybe something could be done with the resurrection spell,” Sam nervously added on, scrambling for the papers of the spell sat atop the table and waving them in the air. “We were looking over them earlier, and it just… it seems likes a starting point maybe?”
What was he going to do now? Every fiber of his being wanted to hop back into the Impala and race back over to Eileen. He couldn’t do that, though. Not when he knows Dean is just across the road, bound to a table and surrounded by scalpel wielding doctors, fighting for his life.
Sam rushed forward to his brothers’ side in an instant, the fear of Dean’s wound reopening itself or potentially injuring his spine more than he already had springing into his mind.
This was a question Dean’s been asked many times before; Usually when he’s had his ass handed to him by whatever freak they’re hunting that week. Or when he’s fighting something within himself. Or when someone he loves dies – which is too often in their line of work. And nearly every time that question is asked, he’ll plant the best smile on his face that he can muster and say the same line every time – ‘I’m fine.’
Dean rolled up his napkin and chucked it at her for that comment, getting his plans thwarted by a protective swipe from Sam along with a less than pleased glare. “
“The world-ending kind of ones,” Jack answers somberly. “It told Chuck that, if he tried to take a creature from the Empty… it would storm across Earth and destroy all those in its wake so that it could finally sleep. No one left to wake it up. Chuck, he… he just
Castiel’s eyes followed Dean as he took the few staggered steps through the sand to reach his side, turning to face the ocean alongside Dean. “Oh, I see… but why is it called a banana hammock? It doesn’t seem like there would be enough space in such a confined piece of clothing for –
“I know you’re trying to keep my hopes up, Sammy. But I don’t want that. Sure, if we find something, then… that’ll be fucking great. But chances are that’s not gonna happen, and I’d rather not have my hopes raised and crushed and like that. So… the sooner I accept that this is my life now, the better.”
“Mr. Winchester I have to say, every time I examine you, it increases my desire to carry out a study on you.” Doctor Sullivan mumbled from behind him, gently poking and prodding at the tender flesh around his stitches.
“Dean,” Sam says as gently as he can in preparation for the incoming blow. “You might just be one of the biggest dumbasses I’ve ever known.”
The Vamps are closing in on him, fangs bared under their clown masks and low hisses emitting from within. But Dean doesn’t care. Because this
“See, look!” Eileen exclaimed jovially to Sam, waving to Dean’s blank face. “He’s been awake, what, ten minutes? Can’t go more than
Before Dean could ever answer, a look of dawning realization had passed over Rowena’s face. She peeled one of her manicured hands off her glass, pointing to all three of them as she counted. “One, two, three… We’re missing one, aren’t we?”
“Getting your hopes up, I suppose. You… you seemed really invested in this idea too, you know? And I… I don’t know, I guess I’m just sorry it didn’t work out.”
“No, no, no, it’s fine,” Dean assured Jack, still looking out to the forest. “The nerves are good… part of the experience… they’re
“I start on Monday, so maybe let’s not suffocate me before then?” Dean wheezes through the hug, returning Cas’s beaming smile as he released Dean from his death grip.
“I’ll be right back,” Sam assured him, a bit more confident this time. “I promise, Dean. You’re gonna be fine, I won’t… I
That didn’t happen. For a good ten seconds they could only stare at the stain on the floor that moments ago was a human being
a wedding in one week. It felt… normal, Dean supposed. They were just sat around the kitchen table that night, chowing down on burgers made by yours truly, talking about a potential shape-shifter case up in Wyoming when Sam said, “Hey… you know what I just realized? You guys are gonna be
that look… especially since he knows he’s been one to sport the expression for himself many times over the years.
golden light that flickered across the sigils, almost making them appear as if they were shifting on the wooden panels.
He’s made it out of a few bad scraps before, he’s sure Cas will find a way to take out those dick-head leviathans and… and Eve… the mother of all monsters… right?
“Dean, it’s… don’t be afraid to ask for help with this kind of stuff. I know it’s a bit unconventional when it comes to our lives, but-,”
But it didn’t matter. He had said it, and he couldn’t take it back. He couldn’t remove the pain he had inflicted on Cas.
“I think it’s better kept a surprise, don’t you?” Castiel smirked from behind the register, eliciting a chuckle out of Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head at Castiel's wording, steadily ignoring the red flush that he could feel creeping up the side of his neck. “Let’s get going, then. Come on, I’ll even let you drive Baby.”
“Alright, clearly you and Cas want some alone time,” Sam teased Dean mercilessly, giving Dean’s leg a light slap as he stood from the chair.
“I can’t do what I’ve been doing in your head,” Castiel replied, taking a sip of the cold beer, the bitter liquid going down smoothly. “I couldn’t manifest items. I couldn’t change environments on a whim – though I suppose my power of flight was close to that…”
A smile creeps across Dean’s face as he listens to Cas talk so enthusiastically, watching as he waves his hand to gesture all around them.
It’s not until Dean’s hands frame Cas’s face that he gets a response. His lips move under Dean’s, chapped yet addictingly soft. Dean’s thumb brushes down Cas’s cheek, the burn of stubble against his skin something new, but a reminder that this was
“Didn’t you say Hell is under a new regime? I can’t imagine every demon down there is on board with the changes. You and Dean are probably like beacons to those demons at this point; I wouldn’t be surprised if they kept tabs on the both of you. All it would take is one rebellious demon to sense Dean’s vulnerability when he was injured and… took the opportunity.”
Cas broke his gaze away from Dean’s, looking instead to their joined hands held out in front of them, fumbling slightly in his steps as he does so. “Did you mean it?”
Dean startled in his chair, Cas’s voice joining the spiraling thoughts in his mind for the first time in a good few hours.
The knowing grin Dean gives him in return is somewhat surprising, pausing in his packing as Dean leans across the bed to place a chaste kiss on Castiel’s lips. “Wouldn’t dream of it, angel.”
To his right is a building. It’s an old building, but not in that desolate, crumbling way an abandoned building would be. It’s well-loved, with many pairs of feet having walked through its front doors. Its aged wooden exterior has stood the test of time, the weathered appearance only adding to its charm. However, the strange thing about this building is… that it shouldn’t exist. It had burned down, years ago now, taking a beloved friend of the Winchesters with it. And yet, the switched-off neon sign situated above the bar’s awning proudly displayed ‘Harvelle’s Roadhouse’ as if that horrid event had never happened.
It's as Sam is forced to watch a much younger, much happier looking John Winchester round the corner and approach his family that Castiel manages to summon the next shimmer. It's the last thing he sees before everything blinks out of existence once more.
“Yeah… Yeah, it is… Cas, I… I wanted to find a way to get you out of there. You know that, right? I mean, after you were gone, I… me and Sammy were ready to throw in the towel if it meant Chuck would
Castiel followed Dean’s tugs, letting a smile creep onto his face as Dean’s hand slips down to his own, fingers intertwining with his in a perfect fit. “What are you-,” Is all Castiel could ask before Dean had grabbed hold of his other hand and placed it on his hip, separating their joined hands to place his on Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel followed suit, placing his free hand on top of Dean’s shoulder, his other firmly holding Dean’s waist. Dean took his hands off Cas briefly to snap his fingers, smile widening as an absolute classic (at least, in Dean’s opinion) drifted out from the speakers of the jukebox, the old machine blinking to life with Dean’s influence.
“Just make sure I’m not doing anything embarrassing first,” Dean threw a wink in Cas’s direction, chuckling deeply at the befuddled look Cas had in response to that.
That’s the only word he had for them, really. These gut-wrenching, pain-filled cries as the reality of the situation begun to sink in for his older brother. Sam had tried to step around the table in front of him, walk over to his brother, and…
“Morning!” Eileen was the first to spot him, lowering her mug back down and returning Dean’s warm smile. “How did you sleep?”
“This spell of yours better work after all that…” Claire tells Sam, getting one last look at the vial of Castiel’s grace before it joins the other vial of her blood that’s tucked away inside Sam’s duffel.
Would it be more 'realistic' to the Supernatural style of writing? Yes. But this is fanfiction! This is a place to escape, a place where we get to share our love for these characters, and share our love of THEIR love! So once, just this once... how about there's something happy for our favorite hunter and angel couple?
He didn't know, though. That's why he didn't tell him. The fear that, if Dean knew of what had become of Jack, or more, what he no longer
“Touché,” Dean settles, grabbing hold of Cas’s hand once more and tugging him towards the door. “Oh, and-,” He stops mid-stride, Cas nearly colliding into him. Dean forces down a grin at Cas’s curious head tilt as he searches in his jacket pocket, pulling out the mixtape he’s kept there ever since Cas gave it back to him and planting it perhaps a little too harshly against Cas’s chest. “Don’t you ever try and give this back to me again.”
Dean dropped his head down, scrunching his eyes as his hand came up to pinch at the bridge of his nose. “
“Maybe? Except, I know for sure Dean doesn’t dabble in magic, and I don’t see why some random witch would give Dean a life-saving spell. I mean, those things take a
“And then they’ll see us finally get our shit together,” Dean answered with a grin. “And we’ll wave to them every morning with golden bands on our fingers.”
“Have you told them?” Castiel asked, glancing towards the kitchen entrance and into the hallway that leads to their room.
“Oh, yeah?” Dean challenged, leaning against the counter with a soft smile of his own. “Well tell me, uh…” Dean peered at the nametag attached to the down-right adorable apron which featured many cartoon bees buzzing about.
“Right…” Claire mutters, clearing her throat and dragging her line of sight back up to face Dea- no,
“Another guilty pleasure,” Dean said with a sly smirk. “Dad was always embarrassed to admit he liked these kinds of tracks, too. Guess that passed on to me.”
Dean tightened his grip as he moved his hand up and down, his eyes fixated on the way Castiel’s face contorted in pleasure with every stroke of his fist. His hand reached the top of Cas’s shaft, then he gave a small twist of his hand, leaving a trail of satisfying pressure against the delicate skin. Cas bucked his hips up into his hand in response, shooting out an arm and grasping Dean’s forearm in a death grip, whispering a harsh curse under his breath.
of all-,” Sam continues sternly. “-We’ve still got the second ingredient to figure out, remember? What the hell are we gonna use that’s ‘of importance’ to Cas?”
“I get that, Cas. I do.” Dean assured him gently. “But that doesn’t mean you can’t come home at the end of every day, huh? Just like normal people do. Maybe take the weekends off, lazy Sundays with pancakes in bed?”
Castiel’s answer wasn’t all too surprising to Sam. While it was true that Castiel had opened up to him more over the years they’ve known each other, he was still quite reserved when it came to these kinds of things. Probably something he picked up from Dean… And yet, Castiel’s hesitation actually gave away more than he was probably intending to.
“When you said we go should go get coffee, the worst I was thinking of was Starbucks,” Dean complained as they wove through crowds of college students, all either making their way to class or heading to their daily caffeine fix, as they were.
Sam didn’t think there would be anything worst than the screams. The non-stop sobs that had his older brother gasping for air. But, as it turns out, the silence was the worst. When the tears stopped flowing and ran dry, his brother's back no longer shaking with his ragged breaths, there was nothing but silence and stillness. Dean still had Cas in his lap – and Sam didn’t dare try to move Cas from him.
Nothing but silence greets him. For a moment, the annoying part of him that still cares starts envisioning the worst scenarios. What if it wasn’t Cas? What if someone or something had killed him, and the killer wanted to know who the hell was stubborn enough to call someone twelve times in the span of around four minutes.
a man. A last display of strength as Dean is flung to the ground, colliding with the wall as he collapsed into a heap. One last look, one last teary smile at him, and all Dean can do is stare agape up at him, watch what he can’t stop.
Dean grinned unabashedly at his little brother, raising a hand over his heart. “Ah, I tease because I love, Sammy.”
“Like… I dunno, Cas. I’ll wake up, and me and Sam will tear apart the bunker trying to find something… There’s got to be
around Gabriel sucked the energy right out of him. Dean’s eyes widened as a realization hit him, turning to Gabriel. “Wait a minute – Sammy said he was going on his date with you, Cas now I suppose, today as well.”
Dean can just about lift his eyes up to Jack in response. The poor kid looks on the verge of tears, and Dean can’t find it in himself to say anything. Sam whips his head to face Jack, confusion written across his face.
“No. I can’t. It’s... it’s another reason why I can’t just possess another vessel. My grace… it’s been fading. I’m not sure if it was Chuck’s intervention, or with the state Heaven’s in… perhaps both. But… Dean, I used nearly
Dean threw his brother's hand off his shoulder, pulling his sleeve even further up and twisting his arm as he lifts it. There, branded on the skin of his left shoulder… was Cas’s handprint. The
Suddenly, Dean was back there. Back when he was sat leaning against the table that had been left abandoned, just like the barn itself, back when he had been absentmindedly preparing their weapons for the creature they had summoned. When it seemed like the roof of the barn was about to take flight, panels crashing into each other, Dean foolishly assuming it was ‘just the wind.’
Of course, he would. “I did find Jack in heaven. I didn’t lie about that. Except… the Empty didn’t agree with the decision of Jack’s placement. It believed that, since Jack was part angel, he belongs to the Empty.”
They very nearly end up running Sam over as they clash in the bend of the hallway, Sam having shot up and raced towards Eileen’s shouts the second he heard them.
“Can you try moving your legs for me? Nothing too strenuous, just a small shift to the side will do.”
“I can see,” Eileen said with a laugh, crouching down alongside Sam. Miracle immediately shifted her attention to the new face she has yet to meet, giving Eileen a thorough sniff-down before she too began pawing at Eileen’s lap, tail whipping between Eileen and Sam’s legs, excited to have a new addition to the bunker.
Dean swallowed hard, letting his eyes flutter shut and his head lean back against the couch. “No, Sam. I’m pretty damn far from okay. And I’m not sure if I ever will be, but… I’ll learn to cope.”
“So, I tried to do the ‘normal life’ thing. Find some semblance of peace, but… well, we all know how that ended up. And see, I think that’s part of why I always thought I’d die bloody, out on a hunt. Because giving up hunting, living a normal life? Whenever I tried to envision it… all I’d think of is how wrong it went last time, and… it scared me to try that again. To mess up the life of someone I loved, all to find myself back hunting again, like it’s some sort of drug I can't quit. But then… then I tried something new. Instead of picturing the blank, faceless woman in my future… I let myself see
"You want it?" Dean asks, noticing Memory Castiels attention had changed over to the Angel tablet next to him. "Take it! But you're gonna have to kill me first. Come on, you coward...Do it. Do it!"
The bunker was unnaturally quiet. Not the creak of the old pipes, or the whirring of old equipment, or the buzzing of electricity running through an ancient wiring system. All three of them were holding their breaths, scanning meticulously around the room for a flash of auburn hair and an unnaturally bright dress that only Rowena could pull off.
James’s face twisted in discomfort at the name. “I prefer Jimmy, to be honest with you. ‘James’ feels weird…”
"Dean?" Castiel calls out worriedly, sluggishly pushing himself onto his knees and leaning over Dean's form, placing a hand over his shoulder and giving him a light shake.
“Shared trauma brings people closer,” Dean joked. Partly. “Sorry, I’ve been talking about myself too much, haven’t I?”
Sam pushed away from the doorway, stepping further into his room. Dean gave his brother an appreciative nod, gesturing to his suit. “You don’t think it’s weird we’re using our FBI suits for this?”
“My family didn’t see it that way. I had been ready to flee the house, to leave for Stanford and never look back. That had been the end of my plan, though. I had to find a way to pay for my college degree, for my accommodation, my food. My parents might have been insane, but they at least provided me with those necessities growing up. Yet, out of all I could and couldn’t think of, I had always seen myself taking this journey alone. I told my parents I was leaving, and then… there was Gabriel was by my side, saying he was going with me. They didn’t care. Neither did our brothers. As far as they cared, we were now outsiders. We were no longer part of the family. We left, and we never looked back.”
you're not weak and defenceless, Cas. I know that better than anyone. You could literally have the power of God, and I'd
Dean walks into the kitchen of the bunker, only to find it empty too. He shrugs, thinking that Castiel must be holed up in his room. After all, it was still early and, while angels didn't need to sleep, Dean knew that it was a habit that Castiel had fallen into as of late.
Sam walked ahead of him, leading them out of the garage and to the main entrance, pushing the heavy door open and holding it there for Dean to roll through. The door closed behind them with its familiar clang of locks settling back into place, and Sam stepped up to Dean’s side before freezing in place, the two of them staring at the impossibly long looking metal stairs of the bunker.
“Since when does death stop us?” Castiel refuted, a point Dean couldn’t help but agree with. “Besides, it’s what we do, isn’t it? We save each other.”
"Look, we were surrounded, okay? Some freak jumped Cas. Obviously, he kicked its ass, right?" Dean immediately jumps to Castiels defense
Castiel forced down another smile as he took in the sight of Dean dressed in what could only be described as the ‘tropical vacation stereotype’: faded red Hawaiian shirt adorned with cartoon pineapples, a pair of emerald green swimming trunks that, strangely enough, matched the color of his eyes and – to top it all off – in his hands was a half-coconut cup that more than likely contained some type of fruity alcoholic beverage (with a little pink umbrella and straw poking out the top, of course).
“I…” Dean stuttered, trying to find the right words to tip-toe through this delicate situation. “I don’t think I can compare it that way, Cas. Sammy to me is…”
“What happened?” One of the staff asks him as they push through the doors. People scramble to get out of their way, a few extra members of staff rushing over to help.
"I would never leave you," Castiel asserted, taking a step closer to Dean to drive home his statement. "You know I wouldn't. Not after all we've been through."
Dean smiles. For what feels like the first time in quite a while, he smiles. “You did it. You did it, Cas.”
“I don’t want to lose you…” Dean’s whisper is broken and harsh, the voice of a man fighting hard to keep the tears out of his voice.
“Eh, I needed to get up anyway,” Eileen waved off his apology. “I fed Miracle, by the way. Just to make sure we don’t double-feed her.”
of looking over and over his application forms, worrying over whether they’ll let him in. Yeah, like
“Now that you’re human, do you still think I’m prettier than the stars?” Dean couldn’t help but ask, tearing his eyes away from the sky above down to Cas.
“Poor guy never really got to catch a break,” Dean agreed sadly. “Maybe I could have trained him up to be a proper hunter, just like he wanted. Or… maybe he would have flown home.”
"Come," Castiel instructs Sam, already making his way over to the shimmer. Sam doesn't need to be told twice, obediently following Castiel.
But then the third pump of Cas's heart came. Then the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, and the back of Dean's head nearly collided with Sam’s face hovering over his shoulder as his head reared back.
“Yeah? Well, he ended up dead anyway, didn’t he?” Dean says it like the words don’t hurt him as much as it does Cas. He says it like he doesn’t see the way Cas’s face falls, the little frustration he held shifting into what can only be described as both shock and grief. And then, to make it worse – and because he just can’t keep his mouth shout – he makes it a hundred times worse. “Maybe we’d be better off if we had stopped him from being born. At least then mom would still be alive.”
“Bringing back Eileen,” Sam added, finding himself reaching out once more and giving Jack's arm a grateful squeeze. “You, uh… you saved us from a lot of pain, Jack.”
Castiel sighed deeply from his nose, shuffling closer to Dean and gazing out to the field they were sat in. “I like you, Dean - in case you couldn’t tell. Maybe a little more than I should after one date, but… I don’t want to go and get attached to you and then… Have to say goodbye. If… If this is the way I feel after knowing you for just one evening? I dread to think how I’d feel after a few months of knowing you.”
“Like you wouldn’t give me hell for treating you different,” Sam pointed out, folding up the pamphlets and stuffing them into his jacket pocket. “C’mon, we better get you home before Miracle starts missing you too much.”
? I just… I don’t want to think about what that’s going to be like. I know he’s trying to stay strong in the face of everything, including dealing with his injury… but I think having Cas here with him has been what’s keeping him going.”
Castiel can’t even get a word out before Dean’s head snaps up at the sight of him, rushing over to grab Castiel’s arm and lead him towards the hallway. “We gotta go, Cas.”
Castiel timidly reaches his hand out, the pads of his fingers brushing against the top of Dean’s hand where it rested atop the Impala’s hood. Dean twists his hand around, letting Cas’s fingers intertwine between his own, another small smile etched across his face as Cas’s thumb wraps around his.
There it was again. That faint electric buzz that shot out from his head, spreading around his body. He wondered if this was Cas’s grace acting out inside him, trying to gain possession as it acts on Cas’s emotions, either with or without Cas’s control.
“Yep,” Ash answered proudly. “Didn’t take me long to tap into Heaven’s systems. At first, it was only radio and then… I had eyes on footage of you guys. Picture ain't great, but… better than just a bunch of angels blabbering away. And, uh… let's just say there aren’t too many angels that can
“Black wings are seen as an… omen. Most angels steered clear of me in Heaven, those under my command had to give me respect because of my position, but… they never truly
That was basically their catchphrase by now, wasn’t it? Keeping secrets from each other seems the norm. But it’s not like he didn’t
Seeing five heads peering down at her was rather jarring, even if she knew they were doing it out of worry for her. “Jeez, could you guys back up a bit? I promise I’m not dying…”
Why was he so nervous about something as simple as dancing? Sure, he’s no master at the waltz, but it’s not like he’s at some fancy big-wig party trying to blend in with the rich folk. It was just him and Cas, after all.
“Yeah, but that’d be no fun!” Gabriel said like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “C’mon, Deano! Cassie’s awaiting! You telling me you wanna leave my little brother sad and disappointed, sitting on his lonesome once Sammy boy realizes the mix-up, huh? Just him all alone with his sad little burger for one, sippin’ on his beer, wondering when he’ll ever get to see ‘Mr dreamy green eyes’ again-“
Castiel rolled his eyes – even though there was no way Dean could pick that up from this distance – but began stepping closer to the ocean none the less. It was once Castiel reached behind him, grabbing at the back of his shirt and casually yanking it up and over his head… that was when Dean realized just how much he was staring. He couldn’t take his eyes off Cas, and he wasn’t too sure why. Perhaps because… it was so
Dean starts singing once more, but Castiel remains quiet, instead placing his effort into focusing on Dean's joyous face as he pulls him around the room.
Noticing Castiels silence, Sam glances worriedly over to him. Castiels eyes were trained on Dean, watching him live his fake life with a look of sadness and regret.
“I don’t know about dancing either,” Dean replied with a shrug of his shoulders, lifting up his other hand and placing it tentatively on Cas’s back. “We’ll figure it out as we go. It’ll come natural.”
Cas hides his smile behind the bottle he brings to his lips. “Well, Chuck never intended for me to fall in love with you, that’s for sure. It was the only thing I truly knew was real…”
Dean chose to respond to Cas in his head with an echoing snort of laugher, nearly laughing out loud when he could
Rowena stood up from the armchair, feeling an unusual pang of sympathy in her chest at the crushed look on the elder Winchester’s face. “If you do make it back to the land of the living, Castiel? I expect an invitation to the wedding.”
She was hurrying through the parking lot, holding her olive- green jacket over her head to shelter her from some of the rain. Eileen seemed almost as surprised to see him as he was to see her, her pace faltering somewhat as her gaze landed on him. He could see her mouth his name from where he was stood, unable to hear her yet and yet he could tell she had uttered his name in disbelief.
“My parents weren’t perfect, y’know? But they were as close to it as you could probably get. This was back when I was… About four, maybe? Sammy was just a baby. One-night mom went in to check on him. I was already in bed at this point and Dad was fast asleep in front of the tv, having spent the night reminiscing in his memories… He was a soldier. Marine. But he left that life for mom, to help raise me and Sammy.
“I wouldn’t say ‘nonchalant’,” Castiel said, looking forlornly down to the empty space on his ring finger where Dean’s ring once was, having decided to remove the ring a month before the wedding to use at the ceremony itself. He was looking forward to getting it back.
There's no emotion on Memory Cas's face as he looks down at the beaten Dean in front of him, blade hanging just above his head. A stark contrast to the pure
Cas almost looks scared, and it’s about the equivalent of a rusty knife being twisted in his gut. Cas looked scared to be
“Blegh – Good to see you too, girl.” Dean lightly pushed her away from his face, ruffling his hands along the sides of her face.
Castiel cut Dean off by grabbing the sides of his face and pulling forward, leaning up to plant a kiss on Dean’s lips, whose muffled squeak of surprise had Castiel smiling into the kiss. Dean couldn’t help but smile back at the feeling of Castiel’s smile on his lips – which kinda ruined the whole aspect of the kiss – sending the two into hushed giggles of laughter shared between the small space between them.
It continues to vibrate in his numbed hands. He hadn’t realized he had dropped the phone until he heard the vibrations become more intense, the phone sliding across the concrete floor. He didn’t have the strength to pick it back up. He didn’t have the strength to tell them.
The sounds of the hospital were repetitive, a constant cycle of sounds that faded into background noise. The shrill ringing of the phone at the reception, muffled coughs and sniffles of waiting patients, the occasional creak of a chair as someone shuffles around, surprisingly light footsteps of the staff heading up and down the hallways on their busy schedule.
“And the spell,” Jack said with a slight smile. “I was getting worried you guys weren’t going to find it by yourselves so I, um… I kind of ‘placed’ it where Eileen would take notice.”
“And what about you?” Castiel asked. “You went through the same experience as your brother. It wasn’t fair for you either.”
human. I won’t have a soul. I’ll age, I’ll die… and I’ll be taken to the Empty. We may be only prolonging my fate, but… I still want to experience life – with
Castiel looks genuinely shocked by this statement, and it makes Dean’s heartache just a little. Damn… he really didn’t know, did he? But… but that didn’t make much sense… If he had heard the prayer, then…
Castiel looked up from the contract in disbelief, only able to blink at Dean for a few seconds before his brain caught up to reality. “You… you got a job?”
Cas huffs so hard that Dean can feel the exhaled puff of air wash across his face. Dean leans his head backward, another joke on the tip of his tongue when he freezes, mouth dropping open at the sight in front of him.
“You will get through this, Dean. Both you and Sam – you’ll grow up into the two most important men on this Earth. Not only will you save the world, but the
Dean followed the doctor’s instructions, reaching out with his right hand to grab hold of the armrest of the wheelchair. He used his other hand to push himself over to the chair, damn near sitting on the hand he was using the brace himself. It was more of a staggering fall into the seat than it was a graceful descent, but Dean could at least take some pride in the fact that he landed in the somewhat comfortable chair and not on the hard plastic floor of the hospital room.
“I'd shake your hand, but they’re rather full right now,” Betty said, gesturing to her literal hand full of kids. “And… I don’t know if that ring you’re wearing is silver…”
Dean raises his own hand to rest against Castiels chest, though this time it's not to push him away. He simply lets his hand rest against the scratchy material of his dress shirt, feel the rhythmic thump of Castiels heart under his fingers. It gets him to smile against Castiels lips, because it was so like Cas. He didn't even
The silence that followed these words had to be the most uncomfortable few seconds of Dean’s life. Sergei looked like he was regretting ever coming to this place, whilst Sam and Eileen weren’t sure whether they were supposed to be looking at Dean, Sergei, each other, or the floor.
Person A is about to leave to go to work. Person B asks Person A if they’ve forgotten anything, and Person A gives them a kiss. Person B turns red and opens their hand to reveal Person A’s keys/wallets etc, saying “I meant this, but thanks…”
“Yeah. It’s adorable,” Dean tells him with a beaming smile of his own. “Never get to see it from you that often.”
like an actual, honest to God angel. The sun was perfectly situated behind him, a bright golden halo illuminating his beaming face. Droplets of water slipped down from his dark, soaking hair, dripping off the end of his nose and catching in the light stubble brushed across his face. Cas’s smile was
“This one’s a bit different…” Castiel leaned back down atop the unicorn float, resting his head against the cushioned neck of the mystical creature and letting his eyes slide closed. “And yet… I think I’ll always hold onto it.”
going to take anyone else down with him. His family would live. They would live, and they would move on, because that’s what they deserved. But Sam wouldn’t move on alone, he knew that. Sam wouldn’t handle losing both of them.
The lightning had struck. Again, and again, and again. Like camera flashes, blinding light pulsating all around them. Not just the lightning though, no, the
Once upon a time, he would have simply tracked down Sam’s location, flown to him and Eileen, and smited every Vampire in eyesight, then heal any potential wound either of the two may have been inflicted.
“You can’t do this, can you?” Rowena’s eyes flicker over to Dean at his crushed words. Considering Rowena had attempted to kill both him
Dean wasn’t sure how long he'd been sat on the floor now. Did it even matter how long? And why should he care?
Her gaze freezes in place as she lifts the paper up, blocking the light of the ceiling. As the light shone through the thick paper, she could see… words. Blurred,
The force behind the word was as powerful as any punch would be. It wasn't just the clear fury packed into the word, it was the
Castiel turns around, eyes scanning across the room in the direction Charlie had gestured to. There, sat upon a table, was where Castiel’s eyes met the searching stare of John Winchester. He didn’t exactly look
“If it gets me out of here quicker Doc, I’m about willing to do whatever you want me to. Not to say that I haven’t been enjoying your company.”
Dean knew what Sam was trying to hint at. The memories he was trying to resurface, from when he practically lost himself to grief the last time Cas had died. Dean isn’t going to let him do that this time. He isn’t going to show Sam his cards.
Even now, he can’t quite wrap his head around it. He hadn’t realized, because... well, because he didn’t think it was
“Sometimes,” Dean replied with a shrug. “It’s… Sammy wanted another shot at the normal life, and after everything… that doesn’t even begin to cover what the kid deserves.”
"You bailed out and, what, went camping?" Dean interrupts with a demanding tone, nothing but disbelief etched onto his face. "I prayed to you, Cas.
“Don’t you dare,” Dean bites out. He was still refusing to look at Cas right now. Mostly because there’s a good chance he’d punch him if he did. “You don’t get to do that like we’re all buddy-buddy right now. Not when you’ve got some explaining to do.”
Castiel tore his gaze away from what was once the Winchester’s family’s house, eyes landing on Dean’s searching stare. “Yes, Dean?
Jack answered Cas’s question by raising a hand up and tapping his fingers to Cas’s forehead. Castiel felt that familiar rush of the Universe rushing past him as the two moved at immeasurable speeds in the blink of an eye.
. “Told you Sam and Eileen were going to have to be involved for Step Two – and that they’d know before you.”
“That we are,” Sam answered, his lips tightening into a straight line of concern. “I suppose if it comes down to it, I’ll have to fill in. Not much to it, right? Not like we’re doing this the usual way...”
“You know, funny thing,” Dean continued to tease, leaning over the table with his hands still locked in Cas’s, his mouth close to Castiel’s ear as he whispered. “Doctor Sexy is one of my biggest guilty pleasures.”
“Yep. She even wrote on the back of the invitation saying she’d bring some bagpipes and play a ‘traditional piece’ for us.”
try not to convince our new God to perform any party tricks that might set the bunker on fire?” Dean asked as they got within ear-shot.
, so he was certain that Cas watching people try to flirt with each other would only confuse the poor guy even more.
“Gabriel?” Castiel’s voice dripped with confusion, his eyed drifting over to Dean beside him and practically lighting up at the sight of him. “Dean!” Castiel stood so abruptly from his chair that it skidded a good few yards behind him.
“I… I don’t understand,” Castiel mumbles, dropping the machete down to his side when he’s unable to see any potential danger – apart from all these candles setting the old wood alight, of course. “You… you had gone silent. We thought you were hurt, or
Sam clears his throat, looking away and up to the ceiling to try and blink away the tears that were burning in the corner of his eyes. “I can't, I-,”
Both Dean and Castiel startled at the voice by their side, too engaged in conversation to notice the waitress's reappearance at their table. Castiel fought hard to keep the grin off his face at Dean’s embarrassment from being caught out in the middle of such a sentence.
"You came back, and now? Now you're going to be taken away again! You just had to go and make that stupid fucking deal-"
wrong.” Dean insisted, hands in the air as he gestured with his chin at his empty plate. “I’m not saying the burger was
. It’s construction work, here in Kansas. The guy said they rarely ever work out of state, in which cases it’s usually neighboring states anyway. Thought it’d be good to do some
“When the time comes… when my grace is nearly all burnt out… I am going to very weak,” Castiel’s eyes were burning into the side of his head, something that Dean couldn’t ignore. “I am… worried, to say the least; that the second option will be what occurs when it runs out completely. I can not allow that to happen. Do you understand me, Dean?”
“Hello, Castiel,” Kelly greets him, the tears shining in her eyes as she looks up to her son’s father-figure the same as the ones in Castiel’s. There’s nothing he can even say before Kelly has her arms wrapped around him, holding him tight. “You did it, Cas… You really did it. Jack, he’s-,”
ready to accept it. After all that had happened, it had felt like something in their lives had changed. Dying that way... it didn’t seem
“Hey, I’m on vacation!” Dean defended himself, cradling the drink protectively to his chest. “I wanted something different than beer or whisky – sue me.”
Sam lets the Latin roll off his tongue as the blood spills from the vial, staining the once vivid white bone powder a dark, muddy red. “
Dean swallowed nervously, shuffling on the spot at Jack’s intense gaze. “What, uh... what did you see?”
“There she is!” Sam beamed, dropping down into a crouch and holding out his arms. Miracle ran straight into them, hopping up so her front paws were resting on Sam’s thighs, trying to lick every bit of his face she can reach.
Dean goes silent. His own sobs more muted now, trying to listen to the words Castiel was speaking in his mind. “Don’t say it now…” Sam hears Dean beg to Cas, not sure whether he wanted to know what Cas was saying, hoping that whatever it is, it gets through to his brother.
“Your mother was rather unimpressed with your father’s attempts at ‘playing nice’ with me,” Castiel tells him, getting a huff of laugher from Dean. “To be fair, I did punch him immediately upon meeting him, so it’s not too surprising he wasn’t too pleased with me. I… I hope you two aren’t
Even despite the way you were taught to believe you should be, you found a way to accept a love you didn’t know you could feel. You, Dean Winchester, are the furthest thing from a coward.”
“Besides, I’ve still got the use of my legs in my dreams, so that’s a plus,” Dean slapped at his legs on the table with a grin. “I got cold beers, the use of my legs, and my best friend back. Can’t ask for much more than that.”
“That was a perfect ten, right?” Dean called out to Cas over the crashing waves and the last of Castiel’s snorts. “I doubt you’ve ever seen such a magnificent dive in your
Castiel can only sigh, dropping his head down to rest against Dean’s. Dean lets his eyes slide closed at the comforting contact, taking in deep breaths of air.
“Because that’s life,” Castiel responded, keeping his gaze fixed on his hands as they hung loosely between his knees. “It’s not often fair. And can sometimes be seen as downright cruel, but… I think that’s because we often focus on the negatives, more than the positives. They seem… bigger, somehow. More impactful. Sometimes, we have to stop focusing on the negatives so much. Don’t let them build up on you. Then… the positives seem just that little bit bigger.”
“Once I had the blossom, I fought; caught them off guard,” Cas continued. “They fought back. I managed to get away.”
“I could help remove your nerves, if you’d like?” Jack offered, begging to step away from next to Sam to do just that.
“Uh… I’m not much one for philosophical debates, Cas,” Dean looks to Cas wide-eyed, taking a few cautious steps onto the dock and towards him. “I just find it relaxing, I suppose. Bobby used to take me and Sammy out a few times when dad was off on hunts. We wouldn’t talk about dad, or where he’d be taking us once he got back - -
Okay, okay… we’ll figure something out.” Dean muttered, tapping anxious fingers against the glass top of the map table.
“And then she decided to pick off her enemies even after death,” Eileen added. “Her husband was so desperate to help her pass on that he thought helping her finish her…
None of that happens, however. As the light begins to fade, Sam unpeels himself from Eileen, glancing over his shoulder to what he thought would be a crater in the middle of the room. The sigil is still intact, though the candles had been blown out by the explosion of light. Dean was blinking furiously on the floor, still sprawled out on his back as he rubbed his burning eyes. He hadn’t noticed yet. He hadn’t noticed that there, right next to him on the ground, was a body.
Because I am a dumbass who does not have the intelligence to learn a new language, I'm afraid all of the translations in this chapter was done through Google Translate (and 'A Passable Enochian Translator' by LingoJam), so my sincerest apologies if I've absolutely butchered those translations!
“Well, I was thinking,” Sam begun, a little more excited this time. “It almost seems like we need a mix of the two spells. Brings back a body that can sustain life, but not one that requires a soul to be built upon.”
by Sam – Dean recognized that scruffy bed making style anywhere. For a moment, Castiel almost entertained the idea that they had already left, but then the sight of Sam and Eileen’s shared duffle stuffed underneath the motel’s rickety table, that of which still contained their spare clothes, Sam’s laptop, and a few research books, quickly disproved that theory.
“Does it… does it seem like it will work?” Eileen asks, unable to stop herself from worrying over the fragile paper crumbling away in the witch’s hands.
At least, that’s what he keeps telling himself to push down the guilt that was clawing its way to the surface.
The happy go lucky smile on Dean’s face slowly slipped away as he saw the anxious looks Sam and Eileen were sharing. Uh oh… That was never good. That was the look of ‘we have something we need to tell you, and we know you’re not going to like it’. Dean
There’s a thin trail of blood slipping down a split lip that’s curved up into a subtle smile, blue eyes glossy with unshed tears that are scanning up and down Dean like he can’t quite believe he’s there. His chest is still heaving with exasperated breaths from their scuffle and he’s holding himself awkwardly, one leg taking more of his weight than the other – likely a result of Dean’s attempt at defending himself.
“You wanna know why I came in here?” Sam asked. “Because when I checked on Eileen and Cas, Cas was freaking out
“So,” Dean gets out once he slams his glass back down on the table. “Last night on earth. Any plans?”
Dean gives his hand one last tight squeeze, accompanied by a calming smile before dropping his hand and making his way to the door of the room. He's mostly out of the room and into the hallway before he freezes in his tracks, the jarring motion catching Cas's attention from the corner of his eye.
“Seems dear old Grandpa was involved in some seriously messed up stuff during his brief stint as a Man of Letters,” Dean said. “There’s some footage if you wanna see it, but… both me and Cas would
It wouldn’t be enough to heal him completely. But maybe, just maybe… it would buy him time. It would keep Dean alive.
“I have lots of friends at school!” Little Dean’s voice brightened considerably. “It’s not big school yet, mommy calls it kin… kinder…”
"No," Castiel answers somberly, his answer deflating Sam's hope. "But... I might be able to help him out of his state."
“It’s late.” Castiel stated the obvious, not moving from the entrance of the kitchen. “Or, early, I suppose is more accurate.”
for this. They didn’t have time for petty silent treatments, and the boatload of therapy they probably needed.
There’s no indication of Castiel’s sudden presence in the passenger seat. No flap of wings to give away his arrival. One second the seat was empty, the next it was filled by an anxiety-filled angel that stared resolutely at the road in front. It had been a
“Railay Beach, Thailand,” Castiel noted the location Dean had dropped them in, wading through the sinking sand over to Dean. “Beautiful spot.”
It's all Sam can get out before Dean pulls out his pistol from the back of the Impala, not an inch of hesitation as he lifts the gun to his head and pulling the trigger, throwing all three into a startling blackness with a loud bang.
Jack looked away then, tears of frustration brimming in his eyes. “It tore me apart, Cas. I wanted you back, I just… I wanted to be selfish. But I couldn’t doom the world like that… doom Dean and Sam like that, and… I had to
This time, he doesn't bother to ask Sam if he's ready, wanting to get out of there as soon as possible. There's nothing Sam can say in response before the memory, and the forests of purgatory, disappears around them.
“Huh… you sure about that?” Dean challenged him slyly, taking another refreshing sip of his Piña Colada and smacking his lips at the fruity burst of pineapple across his taste buds. “You’ve only had sex when you were human, right? How do you know you don’t sweat as an angel, too?”
And there it is again. Just another goddamn slap to the face. Even after everything that’s happened, after all the awful crap he’s said to Cas, the way he’s treated him… Cas was so willing to just put himself in the firing line for
“You can’t promise that,” Dean said, much to Cas’s surprise. “Sometimes people don’t get to choose when they leave. If he could, Big Dean would keep you in his head forever, coz’ at least then he can protect you better.”
"Those are a hell of a lot different, and you know that. Jack's a fucking Nephilim, Cas. A Nephilim without his soul, that was basically a walking, ticking
actually found this dog after… after Chuck wiped everyone off the board. She got wiped away too shortly after because Chuck… well, he’s
“Guess we’re getting older, huh?” Dean cracks a smile that brings out the laugh lines Cas was talking about, which in turn brings them out from Cas.
“Eighty-seven-point-eight degrees Fahrenheit, to be exact,” Castiel answered, schooling his expression back to his usual stone-faced neutral look. “And yes, I suppose it’s rather warm. Though, seeing as I am still an angel, I do not sweat.”
part,” Dean stutters out, taken aback by the fiery, spitting rage that Cas so rarely displays towards him. “If you’d just let me-,”
It’s just… It’s like he said, it's complicated. They over-do shit. He’s a simple guy, and California is anything but.
“Centuries-old witch. Freshly created damned soul. Demon. The Queen of Hell.” Rowena’s impressively fake friendly smile only widens at the discomfort that washes over Jody with every new title she provides. “Take your pick.”
“I’m fine,” Dean brushed his brother’s overprotective worry off, running a hand down his groggy face. “Research was kicking my ass is all. Needed some extra sleep.”
were back, too. You became a completely different person, and I realized I was seeing the true Dean for the first time. The pain radiating from you became more bearable, and... in that cowboy motel was the first time I saw you smile. Cas made you happy, and you made Cas happy, too. And when I realized that you and Cas were the different type of love, I... I expected for things to change. But they never did. Until now.”
If Cas wasn’t off doing his own thing, causing Dean much undue stress – like he didn’t already have enough of that - there was one place he’d always be: by his side.
Castiel’s eyes scanned across the paper in his hands, realizing what is it that had Dean looking quite so excited – and also jittery with nerves – as he waited for Cas’s reaction.
The portal gives one last pathetic flicker, and then it’s closing down on itself. The bunker is left in silence, the crackle of the portal’s energy gone, and they’re both left standing facing each other in this awkward, “what happens now” kind of stillness.
“You could have stopped at the first sentence. I really didn’t need that image in my head.” Sam said, face scrunching with disgust as he pulled the Impala’s keys out of his jacket pocket. “You gonna be okay here on your own for the night?”
Strangest of all, perhaps, was that he had seemingly decided that he was scared of those big changes because they were the most
Castiel was… still rather unsure what exactly was going on. Everyone else at the bar seemed to know, which was frustrating in of itself, and Castiel could only switch his confused frown from the hand on his shoulder to the arm’s owner. “It’s time for
“It’s real bacon,” Sam assured him, though rather disapprovingly as he began shoveling some eggs onto his own plate. “I’m not
Glowing deep within the seemingly never-ending darkness of the creature’s face, they emitted a visceral power, and yet… he had seen them before.
“Technically, she’s telling the truth,” Castiel said, his hand slipping away from her head. “I can’t sense any permanent damage done. You might feel somewhat weak for a few hours, possibly a day, but you should recover fairly quickly.”
“You’re an ass for tricking me into thinking Sam and Eileen were in trouble,” Castiel gets out in a rush once he pulls away from Dean. “And if I was a pettier man, I would reject your proposal for putting me through that terror.”
Unable to take the slow pace anymore, Dean pulled himself out until he nearly slipped free, then slammed his hips forward until he was fully burrowed inside. The sound of skin hitting skin echoed around the Impala, impossibly loud in the quiet of the night. Castiel gasped at being filled without warning, feeling impossibly full. He didn’t have much time to recover before Dean began thrusting hard and fast, their sweaty thighs rubbing against one another’s with every thrust of Dean’s hips. Castiel raised his hips to match Dean’s pace, pushing against him with every thrust.
“But the thing is, the first time I lost you? I lost Sammy, too. And Bobby. All that grief sort of got…
Dean pulls his head out of his hands at this, staring vacantly at the never-ending stretch of road ahead. “Why’s it always gotta be us, Cas? Why are we always dealt the shit cards…”
“If you really have to ask that question, then I’m afraid I’m going to use to demote you back to ‘idiot'.”
many questions on the legitimacy of this spell, and whether it’d actually work, but… right now, it felt like an answer. It felt like safety.
Sam nodded his head, reaching down to the duffel bag by his feet and unzipping it. All eyes in the room focused on him as he rummaged through the bag, their faces paling at the imposing metal syringe Sam held in his hands.
story. And, y’know, maybe one day… maybe one day we’ll go door to door, Mom, and Dad, Bobby and Rufus, Ellen and Jo, and Ash, and Pamela, Charlie, and Kevin… and everyone else once they get here; Sammy and Eileen, Jody, Donna, Claire, Alex and Kaia, and then…”
“It’s not fate,” Dean’s voice has a dangerous edge to it. “This isn’t some pre-destined crap. It’s life screwing us over once again, and I won’t-,”
“If he was still alive, Lucifer would have been your brother-in-law,” Eileen brought up with a teasing grin.
“Yeah, and now what? You’re gonna be trapped in my head, Cas. How long? The rest of my life? Can I even die while you’re possessing me?”
The pain’s too much. He can’t think about him. Can’t think about the suffering he knows Dean is going through.
California was never Dean’s favorite state. But if it meant he could go see his smart-ass little brother living the dream he always wanted? He’ll walk into those loud-ass, neon-flashing bars and order those fruity cocktails with the little umbrellas, and he’ll do it with a damn smile on his face.
“Oh yes – I can feel the disgustingly pure energy coming from you, Dean. I’d recognize grace anywhere… Question is: which one is it?”
“I don’t want to be the bearer of bad news, boys. But I have to say it. The amount of grace is… it’s a problem. The grace is essentially the power of this spell. It’s… it’s almost like the glue that puts the body back together. Creates new atoms, replicating DNA from the blood, then binds it all together. And since you said Castiel doesn’t have much of his grace left…”
The cautious hope on Castiel’s face is absolutely heartbreaking to see. Even worse is when he shakes his head. He should know. He should
“Hey, Cas!” Dean yelled after Cas, who came to a somewhat stumbling halt in his steps. Cas turned on the spot once he had stopped, tilting his head and raising an eyebrow in question. “You forgetting something?”
“Huh. So, if you tried eating something I’ve never eaten before, you wouldn’t be able to taste it?” Dean asked, crossing his arms and leaning them on the bar.
“Like a baby that’s just been through some hellish trauma,” Dean replied with the fakest smile he can muster. “You look like you had no trouble getting to sleep.”
Dean huffed fondly at the kid… God…. “Listen, Jack. I know I’ve said it a million times in prayer before, but… I also need to say it in person: Thank you.”
That’s not at all funny, but Dean doesn’t feel too bad about his ugly snorts when Cas was laughing about his own death, too.
“You…” Was all Dean could get out before his body took over, standing up from his chair and reaching out a hand to place it over the handprint. Castiel winced at the contact, since the tattoo was still fresh and raw, but didn’t shy away from Dean’s touch. Dean could only marvel at the way his hand perfectly fit over the mark, proving that it truly was
“In a nice way-,” Eileen made sure to add, keeping up with Sam’s long strides as they headed down the bunker’s hallways, Miracle’s bounding footsteps following just behind. “Dean just seems to have a soft spot for those that can’t find a home.”
And take it slow they did. Minutes ticked by as they crawled agonizing slowly down the stairs, inching the wheels down one by one. Even though Dean knew all Sam and Eileen were worried about was him falling out of the chair and hurting himself again, all
"I found that..." Sam sighed deeply, and Dean could practically see the frown on his face from here.
“Oh-ho, Castiel – you sly dog!” Sergei got out once his bouts of laughter were over, though his tone still one full of amusement. “How did your superiors not kill you for such an indiscretion? They must have been
Castiel nodded. “You’re dreaming, technically. This is the only way I can interact with you in this form, face to face. I hope you don’t mind, but I changed the setting of your dream. I thought it might be more peaceful to talk in a place where you feel safe.”
Castiel awakens, seeing the world through a pair of forest green eyes. They blink wearily, glancing around his new surroundings. Bodies laid at his feet, all with their heads sliced clean off and resting close by their respective corpse, lying in pools of their own blood. Odd, colorful masks were haphazardly places across their faces, no doubt having shifted during their owner’s decapitation. The wooden panels of the barn that surrounded him were creaking in the evening's chill, groaning low as its foundations are tested. A nest, it would seem. Another hunt, perhaps? Though, one that had clearly gone wrong.
, Cas. I had to fucking watch Lucifer shove that blade through your heart. I've seen you die before--blown to bits, stabbed by that reaper, and still you came back. And you know for a God damn moment, when I watched you drop to the ground, I was expecting you to pop right back up. For some miracle to happen, and you would be fine. For some reason, not until I saw your fucking wing marks in the ground, I... I realised you weren't coming back."
“It was in Fall,” Castiel elaborated. “Back in two thousand and ten. This was… when you were living with Lisa Braeden and her son. When Heaven was on the verge of Civil war, and I had not long after recovered Sam from Hell. I was… desperate. Desperate for an answer. For help. You were the first person I thought of Dean. Of
“It is amazing,” Castiel agreed in wonderment. “Makes me wonder what else could be out there. If there truly is a heaven and a God sat somewhere up there, out of reach, watching down on us as we stare back up at them.”
And I know that Sheriff will be as protective over my girl as Amelia was, along with all those other girls shacked up in that house. She's
“I tried not to.” Castiel replied. “You told me not to, remember? If the person I turned out to be was enough to see you smile that day, I didn’t want to change into anyone else.”
“Yeah, exactly, Sammy’s down the road. You can bet your ass I’m gonna be annoying the kid every day with unnecessary visits, but I still need my angel by my side.”
“But there was a simplicity to it.” Cas continued before Dean could form the words he wanted to say. “I couldn’t get that happiness because… because I wouldn’t
“Huh?” Dean opened his bleary eyes in response to the firm calling of his name, blinking away the sleep that clung to him. He grunted, making an attempt to push himself up with his arms. He quickly decided the effort was too much, dropping himself back down face-first into the inviting sheets of his bed. The bed was too damn cozy to move from right now… And the morning grogginess made it all the harder. Yes, he had decided that sleep was top priority right now.
much pain, and I knew it was because you had lost Cas. And I thought I understood that pain, because... because I felt that pain in knowing he was gone, too. I thought that we loved him the same way, but then... then I brought him back, and I
As appealing as it was to go with his minds plan to go straight back to sleep, the caffeine buzzing through his veins made such a task next to impossible. On top of that, the little scribbly writing on the calendar next to their bed reminded him that Sam and Gabriel would be visiting today. Even more importantly, they’d be bringing over their new puppy: a bouncy, energetic ball of fur named Bailey. Sam wasn’t too happy when he found out Gabriel had suggested the name because of that excessively sweet liqueur, but the name stuck. In Gabriel’s defense- which is something Dean never thought he’d say- their little Labrador pup did have a gorgeous coat of chocolate fur to match the name. At least, judging by the pictures Sam had messaged over.
“The fact that your father is slightly better than an absentee and destructive God isn’t an achievement, Dean.”
“Shit, sorry Cas! That wasn’t part of it.” Dean apologized, stifling the laugh the threatened to ruin his apologetic expression. He tugged Castiel forward once he stopped pouting about the hit to his head. Castiel caught on quickly, scrambling onto Dean’s lap. Dean’s abdomen muscles tightened as he felt Cas’s hand wrap around his dick, guiding him back in as he dropped down onto Dean’s lap, both knees placed either side of Dean.
“You found something? What, like, something that will help Cas?” Sam asks, jogging behind Eileen as they burst into the library.
help. Nothing is stopping him from telling Cas to ‘stop treating him like a kid’, to rush in there and let more Vamp heads roll. Instead, Dean finds his feet frozen in place, watching with mouth agape as Castiel works.
In what part of you admitting your wish for Jack to have been terminated before birth should I take as an
“Sam would be best man, of course.” Dean continues hurriedly, having missed the emotions on display as they flickered past Castiel’s face. “He’d probably want to officiate too… wouldn’t be too hard to get one of those online licenses for it – at least, that’s what movies and shows have taught me. You’d ask Eileen to be maid of honor, and she’d burst into tears which would probably set Sam off too, and I’ll have to sit there in disbelief as all three of you cry about this wedding that’s still only being planned…”
It’s also situated between a few bars and a pizza place that serves the best damn meat lover’s pizza he’s ever tasted in his life, so y’know. Silver linings.
“Of course I don’t,” Sam almost looked offended that Dean could ever think such a thing. “But I wasn’t just talking about physical health, you know.”
"Not the best of introductions to Dean," Sam jokes to Castiel, watching Bobby attempt to knock Cas out with a crowbar, only to be knocked out himself with just the touch of Castiels fingers.
“Yep,” Sam replied, looking proudly to the spread. “Eileen cooked up the bacon and eggs. Thought you might want some good eggs and not my rubber eggs.”
Dean coughed awkwardly, taking another sip of his whiskey to hide the flush he could feel creeping up his neck onto his face. “Good. I just… I don’t want you to think we don’t want you here.”
“Yeah, but… I’d rather not have to freeze my balls off,” Dean said. “How about sometime in the spring? You know, new beginnings and all that. Me and Cas, starting a new chapter of our lives. And, y’know, it’d be nice to say my vows without my teeth chattering.”
Dean swallowed deeply, somehow able to hear his own harsh swallow past the pounding of his heart. “Then… then we use the rest of Cas’s grace, powered up from my soul.”
“Oh, we wouldn’t throw it,” Dean fires back. “Cas would walk straight over to Eileen and hand her the flowers – give you a clue to get a damn move on.”
“Well then… there’s not much else for me to say,” Rowena says, placing a hand on both their shoulders. “Boys… I can’t express how thankful I am you finally ripped the band-aid off, so to speak, and told each other how you feel. Because quite frankly? Watching you two pine over each other without mentioning it was almost as insufferable as having Lucifer snap my neck.”
So, he was here, trying to apologise. He wasn't entirely sure what it is that he had said, nothing more than an apology from what he had heard of himself, and yet to get such a
Something about the sentiment behind Eileen’s words sparked a realization within Sam’s mind. His gaze switched from Eileen to his brother, his face slipping into an expression of pity as all the strange moments between his best friend and his brother connected in his mind. “Oh, Dean… you’re never going to get over him, are you?”
Bobby raises his brows at him, a brief knowing look before he turns away to chug down a gulp of completely average beer.
“Thank you,” Castiel saves Dean from blubbering out anymore “uh’s” and “um’s”, letting his arm brush against Dean’s as they settle into position. “You look beautiful, Dean.”
Which… was quite the problem. Spells don’t typically contain ingredients that are ‘optional’; this wasn’t some typical recipe found in a middle-aged woman’s pretentious cookbook – this was complicated and often risky magic that’s capable of doing what most deem impossible.
Cas hasn’t gone over the top or anything. In fact, what he was wearing was pretty damn simple, but Cas made it look like the finest choice of fashion there is. His dress shirt was a crisp white, standing out amongst the vibrant greens of the forest he was walking through; his pants and shoes were probably the only thing he might have kept from his usual wardrobe, their jet black color a stark contrast to his shirt. The outfit was all brought together with a pair of black suspenders, connected to the belt loops of his pants and looped around his shoulders and down his back, and in place of his usual blue tie – which, of course, was currently tied around Dean’s neck, was a emerald green bow tie that didn’t take Dean long to realize matched the color of his eyes.
respond. Not for a while, anyway. Nothing but silence – in the form of crackling white noise – emitted from Dean’s speaker, stretching on long enough that he had to take his phone away from his ear and check the screen to see if the phone was still connected.
He wasn’t sure if Cas’s silence in his head was one of joint hopelessness; or if, perhaps, he didn’t truly believe there was no answer until he heard Dean himself begin to give up.
“What happened to the guy who could down five shots of whiskey like it was nothing?” Jo slid up to her mother’s side behind the bar, tempted to go and grab a bottle behind her to see if Castiel could still pull such a feat.
“What?” With where Dean was going with the story, Castiel had assumed that it was how Dean had ended up here now. “You didn’t?”
“Cas had gotten me into the dungeon, but Billie was on the other side of the door. I was so angry with myself because… I knew we were going to die. There was nowhere to go but out that door, and Billie was there waiting. And it was
Dean didn’t know what message he was trying to send with his words there, but whatever it was, the smile Cas sent his way meant he must have said the right thing.
“Yeah, yeah, I got it,” Dean grumbled in interruption. He attempted to lean down, reaching for the brake, but found his body simply wouldn’t allow him to go that far. Sam watched his brother struggle in silence before it became too much, stepping closer to Dean with an arm outstretched. Sam flicked the brakes into place before Dean could utter a single complaint, moving away quickly to avoid a likely swat from Dean.
“Perhaps… but you know what was strange, Dean? As I watched you there, performing such a simple chore… I felt jealousy. A strange emotion, and one I had yet to fully comprehend… What was I jealous of? At first, I thought, perhaps, I wanted to take your place. To be free of the burden of my responsibilities. No more Heaven, no more fighting between my brothers and sisters… No more apocalypses, no more choosing sides… I thought that, somehow… I wanted to become human. To exist in a world where my biggest worries were taxes and maintaining the yard…”
Their pace as they move up the aisle was slow and easy, just taking the time to drink in the beautiful and calm environment that surrounded them. Jack tears his gaze away from the minimal decorations, glancing up to Dean as they continue forward. “Dean... can I ask you something?”
The smile on Cas’s face waivers, eventually dropping from his face completely as the seconds tick by in silence. “That wasn’t the end I envisioned for you, Dean. You… you deserved to live the life you worked hard to secure.”
Castiel tried to smile at Charlie’s attempt at comforting him, but it comes out a bit more strained than he intended. “I never even thought I’d be returning to Heaven, but…”
one. The definitive one. The one where, if he accepts it, if he lets himself think it… is going to changes his life forever. Dramatically, and permanently.
“It’s the number for a specialist I know. He deals in newly paralyzed patients, more particularly… their mental health. I’m not saying you
A confused frown pinched at Dean’s brow, the two coming to a stop near the end of the aisle, just before the drooping willow tree. “Changed my mind on what?”
Sam trails off as Dean just wheels right by him, not even glancing up at the two as he passes by. Sam looks back to Jody over his shoulder as Dean goes, who could only give him one last sorrowful look and a wave before she’s closing the door.
So yes, maybe I preferred ‘stringing you along’ and pretending that there was a chance. Perhaps I preferred being able to spend the last few days I have on this Earth in your dreams, by your side, instead of hours hunched over a desk table doing research I know leads to nowhere! Maybe that makes me selfish, but for once, I think I’m entitled to that little bit of happiness. Even if only for a little while.”
“I’m Eileen,” Eileen answered, the off-rhythm tone of her voice getting Claire to raise her eyebrows in recognition.
“I couldn’t let that happen, Dean. I couldn’t let Jack be taken like that. So I offered myself to it, instead.”
in itself felt more like an assurance that Dean was telling the truth than anything else. He was trying,
Dean signed in content, letting himself enjoy one last minute of relative peace before nudging at Cas to get up, standing from the log and holding out a hand for Cas to take.
“このリクエストがあなたのアジアンフェティッシュのせいではないことを願っています...” (I hope this request isn’t because of your Asian fetish…)Dean was hanging on to Cas’s every word, even though every single one of those words was going right over his head. “私が人間になったときの私の最初の夢についてあなたに話したことがありますか？(Did I ever tell you about my first dreams when I became human?)
you know? No monsters, no worry about money. You have everything you want, the people you love, it’s just… it’s everything we were missing, and we didn’t even know we were
"Oh, Thank Christ..." Sam mutters appreciatively, standing on shaky legs and stumbling over to Dean.
“Oh no…” Castiel groaned again, burying his face into hands. “I don’t want to know what your impression of me was after
“There was something I wanted to talk to you about,” She said once he had turned around, jar of jam in hand.
Dean ducks his head in embarrassment – which is hard to do when your face is smooshed up against the mattress – trying to laugh off Castiel’s conversation starter. “C’mon man, you don’t want to hear about that…”
The library had been converted into a temporary dining room for the reception. The long wooden table had a pristine white cloth draped over it, along with a few candles in silver holders being placed along the middle. Sam had dragged out a few chairs from storage, given them a quick dusting and varnishing to breathe new life into them, and situated them along the table.
The next second Castiel’s fingers were fumbling with the button on Dean’s jeans, who had to give a bit of an awkward hop on his knees to shuffle out of them and pushing them to the floor with his feet. Castiel had given up trying to help Dean’s jeans off him, focusing on his own pants as he kicked his legs out from their confines.
standing up from the edge of the dock and turning to face Dean. “And if I’d have gone with your wishes, there would have been every chance that Jack would have ended up dead – perhaps before he was even born!”
The care-free smile on Dean’s face disappears seconds after he says this, the painful constricting in chest wrenching it off his face from the cruel thoughts his brain has supplied:
Sam’s lips pulled into a sympathetic smile at the exhaustion he could hear in Dean’s voice, nodding at him even though Dean couldn’t see him with his eyes closed. He turned forward in his seat, switching the gear into ‘drive’ and releasing the handbrake, smoothly pulling Baby out of the hospital's parking lot and onto the road.
“I guess. I just… I didn’t know how to return to civilian life. The thought of settling down in a house of my own with a ‘
“Good to know I wasn’t the only one being subjected to that,” Kevin interjects with a shake of his head.
Castiel doesn't have enough time to tell Sam what he thinks it is, as the door is flung open before he can finish his sentence.
“We’ve been playing catch up, finding out what you guys have been up to down there,” Charlie tells him, giving him a sly grin. “I can’t believe Dean
“I have plenty of faith in you, Mr. Winchester. You’re going to adapt just fine to this new difficulty, I’m sure of it.”
