Greg whined and prodded Mycroft with a foreleg. Mycroft had unconsciously stopped stroking him. Interesting. This version of Greg welcomed touches even more than the human one did. At least, for the last few years.
“There’s no need to sound so guilty about it. Anyone would have. But you did consider getting in touch when you saw my contact information, didn’t you?”
Marge, Mrs. Hudson’s sister, was much easier to get along with than Mycroft from what Sherlock heard, but the sisters did have their rows on occasion.
Sherlock’s annoyance retreated. He shifted in his seat, also looking out the window at the passing cars.
“You’re fine,” Greg said, starting to walk toward the sitting room. “I’m not offended or anything. And it’s too late to feel weird about me being able to smell you. That has been the case since day one.”
“Yes, you’re a genius. Your mind operates at a level that fills me with awe.” John leaned forward, adopting a sly expression that Sherlock didn’t like one bit. “But do you know how to perform an emergency airway puncture?”
God, Sherlock was gong to miss this when he returned to London. When was he returning to London? It had to be soon. Wonderful evenings with John aside, he still needed work. He hadn’t conducted a single experiment in ages. His mind was starved for productive creativity other than that which he was able to achieve with his violin. And Mrs. Hudson’ being alone had continued to gnaw at him. Did Mrs. Hudson hate it when the building was totally empty for days on end? Sherlock certainly did. Every time that she left town to visit her sister he was crawling up the walls. Last time, she had been gone a for two weeks! He had told her that she wasn’t allowed to be gone for that long again as he had hugged her for far longer than usual. It hadn’t been an order. Of course not. Just an expression of how thoroughly unsatisfying life in that building was without her to bring tea and nag him into eating and complain about his experiments making the place look like “the lair of a mad scientist”. Sherlock had replied that he was a scientist, many (morons) considered him mad, and while the term “lair” was a bit much, it wasn’t wholly inaccurate.
Mycroft’s lips twisted in a wry expression as he reoriented one of the armchairs to face the sofa, and sat down with less than his usual grace. He crossed his legs at the knee, arms on the armrests, and gazed emptily at the floor beside the umbrella, whose grip he hadn’t loosened, before looking up at Sherlock.
“Yet I do exist, despite your pig-headed insistence that I’m some hallucination. Your brilliant deductive skills were hardly in top form yesterday, were they? You ignored your observations in favor of the less likely conclusion.”
“She kept dropping little comments, trying to fish out of me whether I would one day bring a girlfriend or boyfriend home.”
When he returned home from work Mycroft reached in his pocket for his mobile without even a thought and dialed Greg’s number. His stomach pinched with hunger pangs, but he couldn’t eat until he’d cleared his mind.
Closing his eyes, John pressed himself even closer and nuzzled Sherlock’s face. Now this Sherlock knew how to do. What a thrilling thought that was. Even if he had been interested in snogging, this would have been far more intimate, for he was engaging with John’s culture. Him, a human, acting like a selkie. Had any other human been granted such an honor? It was very well possible, although John assured him that long-term human-selkie unions were nowhere near as frequent as folktales suggested.
“No, I know that that… sex… isn’t what you mean by it. I’m not adverse to you using that phrasing to mean what we do. It actually sounds kind of fun, now that I think about it. Like a fuck you to the system. No offence.”
“It’s not just kindness. Since you are Sherlock’s brother, well… I know we haven’t been together long, but my culture is a bit quicker about these things.”
“I’m not looking for sympathy,” Sherlock continued. “I’m just stating a fact. People don’t tend to enjoy my company. Apparently, I’m difficult.”
Greg didn’t look like he was certain whether that would be a good thing or not. Why wouldn’t it be a good thing? He was divorcing his wife, anyway. Perhaps he wasn’t attracted to Mycroft that way anymore after all these years, but if that were the case, he wouldn’t have reacted in a strong enough fashion for John to have picked up on.
He waited for John to raise his head before turning back to Mycroft, who was peering at them both with narrowed eyes, straining to get himself back into control, his back straight and chin raised in a miserable facsimile of his usual impassive air.
“I didn’t consider that for a second.” Sherlock kissed his cheek. “Be as mopey and melancholy as you like. God knows you put up with that from me. But I would rather you weren’t utterly miserable on your birthday.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. You think I could be with someone who’s ordinary? You’re the most fascinating person I’ve ever met. You may not reach anywhere near my intellectual level, but you are smart. Smart enough to hook me. Did you think that your nature is the only thing that interests me about you? Don’t insult yourself by calling yourself ordinary. You are far from that.”
“Yes. I was wrong. Thank you so much for that reminder. Never mind that I already acknowledge the insane fact that you exist by ringing you and getting in your car. I’m sorry I can’t be right all the time. But I most certainly can tell an airline pilot by his thumb, just like I can tell that you hike frequently, you have no musical talent, but wish that you did, and you’re frequently on holiday.”
“Am I?” she asked, smiling with forced innocence that made Sherlock’s eyes narrow. “Does that mean that certain tenants will listen when I tell them not to play the violin at three in the morning?”
“Are you sure you don’t mind how I’m attracted to you?” he asked with an uncertain frown. “I’m not going to impose if you don’t want something.”
“Come here,” John said, wrapping his arms around Sherlock. Sherlock returned his hug with equal fervor, burying his face into John’s shoulder before leaning back and pressing their foreheads together. In an unspoken agreement, they didn’t engage in a full nuzzle in public, and merely rested their faces together, nose to nose, cheek to cheek, eyes closed, silently enjoying each other’s soothing breath brushing their skin.
“So,” Greg continued, lowering his eyes again, hesitant. Mycroft’s eyes narrowed. Why was Greg so nervous about this?
“No, no, don’t apologize. Don’t you dare apologize for that. This is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me. I’m honored. Really. I…”
The call ended. Sherlock started dialing John’s number but stopped himself halfway. If John was willing to talk to him, he wouldn’t have left. Would calling him annoy him more? He locked his phone. Unlocked it. Locked it again. He ripped open the biscuit bag, stuffed a biscuit into his mouth, then dialed John’s number and pressed the call button. The phone rang. And rang. It went to voicemail, John’s cheerful voice asking him to leave a message.
John followed without protest. Sherlock only let go of his hand when they reached his bedroom to yank off his dressing gown and t-shirt before jumping into bed and staring up at John, who was being much too slow with his own garments.
Mycroft released a low breath at the sound of his voice. Such a soothing balm to his perturbed nerves.
Mycroft dropped his hands before he did something that he would regret. Now was not the time. It would never be the time, not again. Greg’s revealing the truth of their relationship to Sherlock had nothing to do with him. He looked down at the hair that still clung to Greg’s jeans. Not dog hair, after all. Mycroft’s breath shivered at the realization.
Sherlock could feel Mycroft’s glare at his back and grinned. John had told him to tease away. He’d told Mycroft far worse than that.
“No, no, it’s okay.” John’s beautiful eyes looked at him with hope. “If you want to cuddle some more, the bed would be easier. If you want.”
“God, I hope so. I think he’s afraid I’m not going to give him another case, which of course I will, because I’ll have to. And I like working with him because I’m a masochist. And you want me to.”
“It doesn’t matter,” he said, ignoring the prick of guilt in his gut. “He’s moved on. He wants all the trappings of a nuclear family, which I can’t give him, so it matters little what I feel for him, really. I don’t know why I even brought it up.”
John took an infuriatingly long time to do so. Sherlock stewed for over two hours at his laptop digging up everything about selkies that he could find, constantly checking his mobile in case he had somehow missed the sound of a text or a call despite the phone never leaving his side. So what if John had patients to see? How was the one person who knew his secret, who he had been so desperate to befriend, not be top priority? There was no other Dr. John Watson in town. It had to be him.
John unlocked the front door and held it open for Sherlock, who swept his gaze over every detail of the house as he made his halting way to the sofa. He plopped down, placing his crutches against the armrest, and raised his legs, maneuvering himself into the same seating position as yesterday. John hurried to bring him a couple of cushions to place behind his back and under his right knee.
“I did want to before, with another friend. But we never did. I never dared ask. He would have taken it the wrong way, most likely. Like you said, Englishmen aren’t into this form of intimacy without some other motive attached.”
“You’re down to one crutch,” John said. “That’s good. As long as you’re not overworking your ankle.”
“Yeah, what is going on?” Greg asked, stepping up beside them, eyes flinty with anger and disappointment. “Tell me that you weren’t going to get in that cab with him.”
With a tight smile, Mycroft stepped out, shutting the door softly behind him. Sherlock rushed to the window, listening intently to every step that Mycroft took down the stairs, and watched him exit the building and get into the black car waiting for him by the pavement. The distance wasn’t that great, yet it was far enough, and, combined with the angle, it would be easy to confuse one emotion with another. A friendly smile could look like a sneer, for example. Or tiredness could look like sadness.
“Would you rather call it something else? I have no problem with that, as long as you don’t call me your boyfriend.”
“That maybe the world isn’t as clear-cut and plain as you think it is,” Greg said, insufferable amusement on his face.
“She did? Well. If she said that… Although, you really shouldn’t delay too long, but… If that’s what she wants.”
Then the impossible happened. The seal morphed, skin wrinkling and expanding, falling to the side as it exposed a man underneath.
Sherlock, who surrendered willingly to his emotions, welcoming them as they consumed him, would say that Mycroft was being ridiculous for thinking that he was being in any way being held prisoner by his affection for Greg. Sherlock, like Mycroft, recognized when emotions had to be put aside to get the job done. He didn’t waste time with empty platitudes. Being beaten by his love for specific people was an exception to this, a weakness, or so Mycroft had thought.
“That went well, right?” Greg asked, smiling, much more relaxed than he had been before. “You seemed to enjoy it.”
As soon as she moved to London, it was apparent that she and Sherlock had grown attached to each other during the case. They had visited each other in the seven months since, and nothing less than sincere affection would motivate a landlady to charge her tenant less than half of what the property was worth. Mycroft had been prepared to beg Sherlock to let him pay for the flat, as the spacious accommodations and pleasant location would improve his mood immensely, but there was no need. Sherlock could foot the bill himself with those generous rates.
John’s fingers curled all the way down to Sherlock’s knuckles. Sherlock did the same, breath caught in his throat.
“Sherlock?” John murmured, touching his arm, fingers softly pressing. “Do you need to sit down? You look really blank.”
It seemed that Sherlock respected someone’s authority, after all. Fancy that. Mrs. Hudson’s age and nurturing demeanor were probably largely responsible. She had a maternal air about her despite not having any children of her own. Perhaps she was like Greg, desiring them, but having been unable to have them for one reason or another. Yet there was still hope for Greg.
“You’re a GP. That’s the minimum amount of time it would have taken you to get your license and live here. Some of your furniture was new when you bought it. There’s some light wear to it. You’re organized, but not pristine. You take care of your things, but not to an excessive level. That indicates to me one or two years, with two being most likely. You picked a post next to the ocean and an isolated house, which you would need. No one’s suspicion would be aroused by the isolation since you’re a lonely man who doesn’t socialize. You never have visitors here. The sofa is only worn on one particular spot. Yours. There’s only one coaster on the side table. One tea cup. One chair. You live among humans, you take care of them, but you don’t intermingle with them outside of work. Why is that? Afraid that if you got too close to someone they’d figure out your secret? But you showed me. You insisted that I know. Why am I the exception?”
“Well, I don’t have a nine to five job, either. I work crazy hours, too. Though not as crazy as yours. Look, I do want marriage and all that stuff, but not necessarily right now. I like you, too. We don’t have to get all serious if you don’t want. We can just eat our dinner and see what happens.”
“I apologize to the entire household, okay?” he said, sounding more tired by the minute. “You’re coming, yeah? You’ll like this one. She left a note.”
“John is my name,” John spoke slowly, gratingly so, as if Sherlock were a small child who barely understood English and needed to be spoken down to. “Watson is not. I chose it to live in the human world. I don’t spend much time among my kind anymore, but I do return to the sea often. No, I don’t make a habit of saving random humans. I recognized you. I saw you playing the violin a couple of days ago.”
“You weren’t looking for it. I’ve known for years, not that I think he’s noticed. This isn’t my first time meeting non-humans. I know what wolf hair looks like. I couldn’t have been certain about John’s, though, if I hadn’t already figured it out from your story. A seal just popped out of the blue and rescued you. And John showed up right after? Of course he’s a selkie. He’s even the right height.”
Sherlock had long ago finished his dinner, having scarfed it down as quickly as possible to get it out of the way. Now he cradled his tea cup on the cushion in his lap, the familiarity of the object grounding him as he listened to tales about the act of transforming one’s entire body being as commonplace as changing one’s shoes. He gripped the cup more tightly than normal, but his eyes were fixed on John’s face, captivated by every word, every gesture. John had a habit of rubbing right beside his right eye whenever he struggled to phrase an explanation in a way that Sherlock could understand. His eyes lit up when speaking of playing with his fellow selkies like children at the beach, and the terrifying wonder of watching an octopus change its skin into a whirlwind of different colors and textures within seconds.
“That’s amazing,” Greg said, the joy and energy in his voice drawing a smile from Mycroft. “I’m so happy for you. I mean, about the good stuff. You’re a good brother, Mycroft. I’m so glad that you and Sherlock are finally working things out. And you really shouldn’t feel guilty for stupid crap you said as a teenager. How could you possibly have known what was going to happen? Sherlock is the one who decided to take drugs. You didn’t make him do it.”
Greg rolled his eyes. He always got so worked up whenever Sherlock mentioned how much more authority Mycroft had than him. It was hilarious.
“Oh, how wonderful,” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, her joyful expression warming up Sherlock inside. “That makes me so happy. I knew you looked unusually cheerful, Sherlock.”
“We do appreciate that you didn’t get in the cab,” Mrs. Hudson said, leaning forward, so understanding. Always so understanding. Sherlock needed to get her a grand present for her birthday. Make up at least a little for the annoyance he put her through. Maybe she’d like a composition of her own. “It was very responsible of you.”
“I didn’t plan it,” he said. “Sherlock was injured. He needed help. My medical instincts kicked in.”
John frowned, crestfallen by the sudden news, which was exactly what Sherlock didn’t want. He turned around to face Sherlock, but kept his right hand twinned in his.
Was he? Sherlock touched his face, wincing as he poked the wound. Huh. Yes, that was certainly blood. Of course it was. That bastard had hit him on the head. The one lying dead over there. He really was dead, wasn’t he? The attack had happened. Something had pushed him off Sherlock and killed him. Sherlock grabbed the John’s left arm. It was solid, skin cool and wet from the water, but with the warmth of tangible life. Sherlock could see, hear, feel, and smell him, a specific scent of sweat that wasn’t coming from Sherlock. Should he lick him to confirm that he could taste him, too? No, that might be too much. The man seemed real enough, and would protest the intrusion.
“I’m fine calling it that. Although I’ve never been involved with anyone romantically. I prefer more casual relationships.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, too.” She smiled courteously. “Sherlock has told me a lot about you, although I’m not sure which parts are true or not.”
“Not like that. Why must everyone always take things the wrong way? As a friend. I like you as a friend. We are friends, aren’t we?”
“It can,” John said gently. “It’s alright, Sherlock. I’m not going to hurt you. You’re safe. I just wanted you to stop saying I wasn’t real. Let’s get you back on the sofa.”
“I don’t see me not wanting to be with you anytime soon, if ever, so there’s no need for you to worry.”
Greg narrowed his eyes at him and said something irrelevant. Everyone was saying irrelevant things. It was making him dizzy and his thoughts choke. He was so close to figuring out who the killer was. So damn close, but no one would let him think. Even Mrs. Hudson was whining about some cab that Sherlock hadn’t even called for.
“Of course he is. On the first train. He’s well. Very much looking forward to talking to you without me vetoing your conversation topics. Don’t worry. I promise to stay out of it this time.”
“No. Sherlock, I really did mean it. This is your flat. I have no right to dictate what you can have here. If the law and Mrs. Hudson don’t have a problem with it…”
“Huh. Interesting. You don’t like being constrained in your life, but you enjoy this. Like a high powered CEO who likes being submissive with a dominatrix.”
“There is no trace of him from before twelve years ago. As far as records go, he just popped up out of thin air one day. That does not say ‘not nefarious’ to me. Just the opposite. You know what his secret is. This would be a lot easier if you just told me.”
“Please do come in,” Mycroft said, breathless, rushing forward even as he encouraged Greg to enter the room like the welcome guest he was and not an intruder who needed to hide.
“I can’t tell you yet. It’s a surprise. I can’t promise when it will be finished. I did a large chunk last night, but it’s nowhere near ready.”
He waved his hand at the air between them, indicating the wasted seconds of unnecessary words they had just spoken.
“I’ll hold you to that. And call me John. We might as well be on a first name basis since I’m about to show you my biggest secret. I’ll be back in a minute.”
“What intrigues you more?” Sherlock asked later as Mycroft gave him a ride to his hotel. “That I have a friend, or that said friend can turn into a seal?”
“I’m so glad to see you,” Sherlock drawled, stroking John’s nape, fingers slipping beneath his collar to soak up as much of John’s warmth as possible.
“Oh.” John looked down at the table, voice soft and crestfallen. “So you have to go back to London, then?”
“Well, dear,” she told Sherlock with an expressing of someone who knew that what they were about to say wouldn’t be well received. “I do think that you should try to be little more polite to people.”
“Never mind. I’ll figure it out when I get back. No, I don’t know when that will be, especially not now.”
The mini fridge took up too much counter space. Honestly, having two fridges next to each other was ludicrous. The large one was mostly empty now. There had been plenty of room in that one, but nooo.
Greg shook his head and emitted a low, canine hum, somewhere between a howl and a whine. He pressed forward against Mycroft’s legs and sat down, tail wagging. Mycroft smiled, tension draining away, yet not completely. He felt that he was on fragile ground. He should have asked Greg earlier what sort of behavior was permissible while he was in this form. This was certainly more contact than what they usually engaged in, given the petting.
“Mycroft says you need time,” he said, not looking up from the floor. “So take time. If Mycroft is still being stupid, send him to me. I’ll knock some sense into him, as little as he’s capable of.”
“And do you agree to take the Holmes name as your own?” Mycroft asked, in a much more serious tone than Mrs. Hudson.
Relief lightened John’s face, but only until they reached Sherlock’s train. They looked at the time on the digital display above the platform. Seven minutes left.
He closed his eyes and leaned down. John was a quite a bit shorter than him, so John had to tug him down a bit further before their faces connected in feather light touches. Sherlock followed John’s lead, feeling rather like a cat marking its territory with its scent glands. Was this what this gesture was meant to convey? To show everyone that they were friends, so woe betide anyone who dared come between them? Warmth pooled in Sherlock’s belly. His ankle ached, but he hadn’t felt this good in years, not even in the midst of elation at solving a difficult case.
“It would be illegal for them to contact you,” Sherlock said, already knowing that wouldn’t be a comfort.
“Are there a lot of selkies living incognito among the human population?” Mycroft asked, voice clipped. “Is selkie the right term to use?”
While no baby pictures were present, Mrs. Hudson did regale John with a large amount of anecdotes about her time knowing Sherlock, including the time when he came home covered in pig’s blood with the harpoon that he had been spearing the dead swine with to prove that it couldn’t be the murder weapon. Not the most flattering story, but John looked at him with more amusement than horror. If he were the type to be turned off by that sort of thing, he wouldn’t be here, after all. John, for his part, told his own edited version of Sherlock’s stay at his house. No mention of turning into a seal and playing in the ocean, of course. There was no reason to shatter Mrs. Hudson’s magic-free view of the universe.
“It was annoying, but it’s done. Mummy regaled me with the usual complaints.  I don’t call enough. Mycroft doesn’t call enough. No one calls enough, apparently. I had to bite my tongue to not tell her off about why that is exactly. I just said that I’m busy and I’m not responsible for Mycroft. I had to keep you out of my quick summary of what I’ve been up to, of course.” Sherlock scowled, leg jiggling. “I hate that. I don’t like hiding you, but it’s preferable than the alternative. She doesn’t want the truth of what I’m doing, anyway, if it’s something that she and daddy don’t approve of. She’d just wipe it from her mind. Pretend I never said anything.”
“No, it’s fine,” John said quickly. “You surprised me, that’s all. I probably shouldn’t have been since you’ve been petting me since the second day, but we haven’t touched much with me in this form. Other than me treating you and helping you, that is. Would you like to?”
“You’ll have plenty of time to gossip about me when he visits London. Never mind that now. What did you think?”
Greg stepped forward and rubbed his face against Mycroft’s hand. His fur was stiff and thick, yet soft. Mycroft slowly moved his fingers to stroke his muzzle. It was less threatening to go underneath a dog’s face and not above. Greg wasn’t a dog, but Mycroft had nothing else to go on. Greg leaned into his touch, so it was acceptable.
Every cell in Mycroft’s body froze. He played back Greg’s words, analyzed the individual sounds, concluding that he did not mishear them. His mouth went dry, his tongue rubbing painfully against his teeth as he opened his mouth to reply, but nothing came out.
Mycroft froze. His eyes widened, breath trapped in his throat. Now Greg looked at him, pitying, apologetic, and filled with shame.
But not even the memory of this kept his depression from slamming into him the next day. It had become routine by now. Every Monday, he turned into a sad sack on the bed or the sofa or whatever surface he couldn’t muster the energy to push himself up from as he pined for John, smothered by the silence of the flat when Mrs. Hudson wasn’t around to try to cheer him up, an endeavor that never worked, anyway. Was it too early to ask John to move in with him? Mycroft would probably say yes, but what did he know? Never mind that his relationship with Greg was longer than Sherlock’s with John’s. He still barely knew anything about it. Case in point, what a clusterfuck he’d made of said relationship. Mycroft had no clue what he was doing, and any attempt to make it appear otherwise was laughable. Yet Sherlock was in such a wretched state that he couldn’t manage to find anything amusing in it, as he normally did when Mycroft put on a ridiculous pretense that was obvious to anyone with even a fraction of sense.
Mycroft let himself in with his key, not even pretending that he didn’t have one. Sherlock jerked upright when he heard his footsteps on the stairs, tugging the blanket he’d wrapped himself in closer around his shoulders. Mycroft opened the door. He was pristinely dressed, as always, umbrella gripped in his right hand. There were no signs of distress on his clothes or his hair. There never were. But his half-hearted smile didn’t reach his eyes, which had prominent bags under them. Nothing unusual in that. Mycroft’s sleep schedule was even worse than Sherlock’s own, but, combined with his slightly sagging posture and sluggish pace as he entered the room, it rang like an alarm bell. And he stank of cigarette smoke. Mycroft only indulged when he was upset. On top of this, he had been gaining weight for the last few months. Had it been four? Sherlock should have been paying more attention, but Mycroft’s weight oscillated so often that it didn’t bear noticing much. Yet he did have a tendency to eat his feelings even more when something was bothering him. He was already wearing a size up from his usual suits. Mycroft kept a wardrobe of larger suits tucked away from his normal wardrobe for the times when his self-discipline vanished. Sherlock hadn’t seen this particular grey pin-stripe in over a year. He had probably started overeating as soon as Greg left his wife, seeking to dampen his emotions with pies and custard.
“Maybe you’re feeling something else, then. I didn’t think I’d ever see you like this. You’ve never been interested in any kind of close relationship.”
John looked down at the mattress, flushing at the impact that Sherlock’s words were having on him. John lied back down and reached for Sherlock, slipping his hand across his cheek down to his nape, a bright smile on his face that made him even more delightful to look at.
Or so he had thought, until Greg subjected him to that grievous phone call. Perhaps Sherlock was right and he had pushed Greg away. Greg himself thought so. It hadn’t been Mycroft’s intention to hurt him by doing so, yet it appeared that he had. Greg had become a liability, a whirlwind that tore his control to pieces. Sherlock already took up too much of his thought process. He didn’t need another person clogging his mind. Yet Greg’s sudden distance had torn his peace even more asunder. He’d thought that he’d steadied the ship, soothed the waters, learned to love him without being dominated by this love. But he had failed utterly, had he not?
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at him. It was hardly the first time that Greg graced him with a smart remark. He made rather a habit of it, which only increased once he caught wind that Mycroft secretly enjoyed them. Not that Mycroft had ever intended to pursue a close association with the good detective. He had him returned to his flat, planning nothing more than to check on him from a distance. Perhaps to communicate with him on occasion over Sherlock’s wellbeing.
“He matters to you. You always did get attached so quickly. So if I imprison him, you will cut off all ties with me. Is that it? I can’t imagine how you’d manage bailing yourself out of your own problems.”
But he couldn’t. This is what Mycroft was talking about. He had replaced one lethal fix with another, chasing scintillating thrill and danger, only in a different form, one that he also lied to himself that he could control. He was always the smartest person in the room. This cabbie’s intellect might be a match for his own, but not superior. There was only one of those, and he was halfway across London right now. Sherlock could win this. This wasn’t like last time. This was a match of wits, not violence, and it had only been an unhappy chance that had caused him to lose that time.
Sherlock stared ahead as he spoke, unable to meet Greg’s eyes until he was done. When he did, it took a distressing amount of energy not to look away again, for Greg was gaping at him with such a surprised, touched expression that Sherlock almost bolted from the sofa to the opposite side of the room to get away from the cloying, honey feeling in his stomach.
Sherlock’s hands slowed on Greg’s head. Greg had shown him trust and friendship by showing all of himself to Sherlock. Sherlock should do something in return to make it clear that he accepted it and forgave him, which he already had. Of course he had. Mycroft was the one who was most at fault here. What did Greg’s one deception count against Mycroft’s dozens?
That done, John pulled Mycroft into a hug, barely giving him time to reciprocate before moving on to Mrs. Hudson, then Greg, who got up from the sofa to receive it, a wide smile on his face.
“It’s okay.” John’s voice was muddled with slumber. “If you’re awake, I should be too. Are you hungry?”
“I know. I recognized you, too. So you were so enraptured by my playing that you felt compelled to save me? The piece wasn’t even that good.”
But then Sherlock wouldn’t be greeted to the sight of bed head and pillowcase wrinkles imprinted on John’s cheek and forehead, and that was too much sacrifice to bear. John’s hair lied tousled over his forehead in an adorable fringe. The left side of his face bore the crease of the pillowcase from when he’d been lying on it earlier, yet the line stretching along his cheek did nothing to diminish his beauty. On the contrary. How had Sherlock ever considered John to be less than physically extraordinary? Sherlock cheerfully made a study of his features, examining the soft fall of his eyelashes and how the darker blonde matched the color of the hair on his head. His handsome bone structure. The soft age lines that he’d probably hate to have pointed out, but which gave his face such character. The tiny bits of stubble growing on his jaw.
Mycroft’s worry had turned to dread. There were no clues to be gleaned from Greg’s appearance save for a dog hair on his trousers, which he could have acquired by brushing up against one on the street. A husky or something similar, given the length and color. His hair was a bit disheveled. From running his hand through it too much, perhaps? Just one more indicator of worry, so no new information there. Once in the sitting room, Greg stopped before the sofa, but didn’t sit. His back was tense, shoulders hunched, face drawn in intense nervousness. The worried knot in Mycroft’s stomach tightened. He went to Greg, placing a hand on his arm.
“I should have told you earlier.” John glanced at Sherlock in apology before looking back down. “I’m sorry for worrying you. I didn’t want to make a fuss. My birthdays haven’t been the same since I left.” His voice grew strangled for a second. “Since I left home. My family always made a big thing over someone’s birthday. If we were near a human settlement, we would go into town, find something fun to do. A park or a festival of some sort. They always made sure to be near Ireland for my birthday. The music festival in Galway I told you about? It was in on my birthday. It’s on now. Harry got to go to New Orleans for hers. I loved it. I knew I’d be giving that up, yet I still…”
“I wasn’t…” Sherlock cut himself off, grasping at the floorboards with his toes. Why did he always have to be so damn transparent? “You’re welcome.”
“I’m getting some water,” Sherlock said, standing up. “You want some for that burn? It must be smarting terribly.”
“But everything else is?” Sherlock’s voice rose to a screech. “Oh, that’s brilliant. Fucking brilliant.”
Greg met his eyes, wide and scared. Mycroft pinched his lips, a flinch jerking at the corner of his mouth, terrified of what he was revealing with his gaze. But it would be disrespectful to look away now.
He kept his hand poised over John’s chest, not pressing too hard, just enough to feel his heart beating so close to his own skin.
“But after a while, I do start missing the ocean. Being immersed in the cold water, surrounded by the company of my fellows. Playing in the seaweed, exploring the wondrous underwater vistas that your documentarians only catch a tiny glimpse of. It’s the same the other way around. There are so many wonders on land that you can’t even imagine in the ocean. And your cities are incredible. Not even the merpeople have anything like it. And the land animals are fascinating. You know, I considered becoming a veterinarian for a bit, but I wanted to work with humans more. Now don’t laugh, but I spent a lot of my childhood obsessed with squirrels. It’s their puffy tails. They’re just cute. And clothes are amazing, too. When we’re in human form on our own where humans can’t see us, we don’t bother with these.”
“That was rather forward of me, wasn’t it? I apologize for the nudity, but I can’t say that I regret it.”
Mrs. Hudson glanced at him over her shoulder as she poured water into the kettle. It was a tad late for caffeine, but Mycroft wasn’t inclined to care.
“Hi,” John called, carrying his suitcase up the stairs. “It’s so nice to finally be here. I thought today would never end. Sprains, colds, stomach aches. I got the lot. All of my three hypochondriacs showed up, too.”
Oh. This was the sort of thing a friend would show sympathy over. Not that this was anything new. Greg and his wife had been separated for ages, so he didn’t require fresh condolences. Mrs. Hudson would probably tell him to say something, though.
“No. I’m just getting my car.” He frowned over his shoulder. “Although, we should call the police about him.”
“Oh, it’s no bother,” Mrs. Hudson said nonchalantly, acting as if there were nothing unusual about her tenant yelling insults across the flat. “I know what he’s like. It’s hard not to after the first two minutes.”
Grabbing his suitcase, Sherlock yanked the door open and left the office, hurrying down to the street to catch a cab. That had gotten far more involved than he’d wanted or expected. He had only been at Scotland Yard for a momentary diversion. Now he had plans to come out to Lestrade.
“So are you into that kind of touching with your friends? I mean, theoretically, since I’m your only friend right now.”
The case proved as challenging and fun as he had hoped. John protested that they should inform Greg about finding the latest victim’s suitcase and texting the murderer, but Sherlock waved his complaints away. Greg would just muddle things up like he had until now with his need to do things by the book. Sherlock was sparing him from being an accomplice in Sherlock’s less than legal activities, which were necessary to close this case. He was really doing Greg a favor by keeping him in the dark. This was what Greg used him for, after all. It wasn’t like he didn’t know what he was getting into.
“Why is he always so damn stubborn? He’d have fewer grey hairs on his head if he let me do things how I want, when I want. I always figure things out, but no. We have to do things by the book until his so-called detectives have bungled the investigation so badly that I have to waste precious time untangling their mess.”
“It’s him, isn’t it?” John asked. “I should have seen it earlier. How else could the phone be here?”
Mycroft turned to the side, walked over to the sofa, and sat down. His legs shook, unable to hold him up anymore. He gripped his knees, barely breathing, gazing down at his rug without seeing more than a haze of colors. This couldn’t be true. How could he not have noticed? Yet Greg’s demeanor connoted absolute sincerity.
“It’s been the same for me. Mrs. Hudson has been doing everything she can think of to keep me from combusting. But I didn’t want to pressure you to move away from the sea. You’re sure you won’t miss seeing it every day?”
They lingered on the sofa for a long while. When Greg left to transform back, Mycroft sat back and glanced at his work messages on his mobile without seeing any of them. It was 5:25. John’s train would be leaving soon. After Sherlock dropped him off, he would be heading home to mope with his violin. That would be a good time to visit and apologize. Maybe even share the wonder that had been the last hour. Who else did he know who could relate, after all?
“No problem. You were just protecting your brother. I get it. You have nothing to worry about, I promise you. On that note, though, you are going to back off like you said, right? You have been a bit overbearing.”
“That still doesn’t answer my question about what you want from me,” Greg said. “Us, I mean. We went for ice cream and now we’re having dinner at a posh restaurant. I thought that was romantic, but that’s not for you, then?”
He flicked it away, annoyed. John crossed his right arm over his chest and covered half his face with his left hand. A heavy sigh droned through his fingers.
They were both jittery as they made their way upstairs. John lingered by his side on the staircase, shoulder brushing against Sherlock’s, not holding his arm since they’d ceased doing that a few days ago, but there in case Sherlock needed him. They both knew that was an excuse, but they played along just for the contact. Their hands strayed close together. Sherlock was seized by the urge to take it, but it might be too soon for that. They hadn’t mentioned handholding yet. Best wait until they did.
There was no more talk of eyes, fingers, or any other disembodied human parts for the rest of the night. Disagreements over what constituted basic hygiene were replaced by the sweet delicacy and harmony of Beethoven’s 7th symphony in the glorious Albert Hall. Sherlock’s fingers twirled on his lap the entire time to the tune of the strings. But, for the first time, a good portion of his enjoyment was derived from sneaking looks at the charmed delight in John’s face and those instances when their eyes met, fervent even in the dim light. Happiness trilled through Sherlock every time. After intermission, John reached for his left hand before he could begin stiming, but Sherlock didn’t begrudge it. Not at all. To say that he was content making do with moving his right hand while holding fast to John’s warm touch with his left would be putting it far too mildly.
“Sorry,” John said, smiling in apology. “Look, I don’t mind. I don’t have the sunniest disposition myself at times. And you’re not moving in. You’re just staying for a while. We don’t need to vet each other. Although the violin bit is a plus. I would love to hear you play again.”
Sherlock rushed to sit down on the sofa and leaned forward on his elbows, looking up at Greg expectantly, mentally willing him to let loose about what a prat Mycroft was. Greg rolled his eyes and rubbed his face, left hand on his hip, but his resistance was flagging.
Her patient, conciliatory tone riled Sherlock up even further. What the devil was Lestrade’s name, anyway? It started with a “G”. He was sure of it. What names had he tried with Mycroft? Gavin? Geoffrey?
Sherlock couldn’t get himself to sleep until 3am, having to satisfy himself with tapping on the bed with his hands instead of pacing around the room as he watched Blue Planet on his laptop. He’d seen it before, but as an inspiring distraction, so he hadn’t catalogued most of the details in his mind palace. Now the dramatic images developed a new significance. This was John’s native world. Like John had pointed out, the documentarians could only catch the merest glimpse of it, but this was the closest that Sherlock would ever get to visualizing the wondrous seascapes and animals that John had described to him in such fond detail. That is, except for the selkies and merpeople. Magical jellyfish also existed, for some reason, although they at least looked the part, but none of them appeared in any of the documentaries John had seen, including this one, nor were the seals featured selkies. They stayed well away from any nosy humans with cameras. Likewise, selkies and seals stayed away from each other.
“Nonsense,” Mrs. Hudson said. “You would have been right to be cautious in most cases.” She turned toward Sherlock with a soft, compassionate look bordering on pity. “You had a rough time accepting that the world isn’t the way you thought, didn’t you, dear?”
“Don’t do that, Greg,” John said, stepping inside the flat. “His ego doesn’t need any more feeding.”
Right. This arrangement was always meant to be temporary, not any sort of commitment, which would have been strange, in any case, after having known each other for only a week.
“He was my friend before he was yours. You were only interested in him at first because he gave you access to police cases.”
“No. Don’t feel guilty, please.” Sherlock leaned down to catch his gaze. “You didn’t know. You couldn’t help it. You’re not them. My brain is just being stupid.”
What horrid torture to have to separate himself from John for even a moment after so much waiting, but they would be much better off continuing this elsewhere. Pulling back, he grabbed John’s hand and tugged him inside.
When the pleasure of the sensation began to wear off from overexposure, Sherlock brushed his hand through John’s hair, murmuring,
John better not say that dragons were also real. There was no chance in hell that Sherlock was believing that. Every ounce of energy went into keeping his voice steady as he told Gregson John’s address, hanging up when the DI began to complain about Sherlock going MIA.
“That’s very kind of you. I’m as well as can be expected. I’m not about to fall apart at any moment, so no need to worry.”
“Your first meal in London isn’t going to be a sandwich,” he said. “I’m taking you out to a proper restaurant.”
Sherlock made a non-committal sound as he raised his violin to his shoulder and tuned the strings. He took an experimental swipe with his bow. He should keep pushing the subject, but it was awkward and he was tired. Besides, John had said that he would take the lead on this, and he wasn’t here. Mrs. Hudson listened to him play a piece of his composition and a couple of concertos, then they watched another one of those loud movies while waiting for John to arrive. When the doorbell finally rang, Sherlock jumped off the sofa and ran down the stairs, ignoring his aching ankle. John stood outside the door, hair tousled by the wind and a bright smile on his beautiful face.
“No, it’s fine. I thought some of the hairs looked like a husky’s, but a couple of others looked different. Thicker and dark brown.”
“Time, little brother. People require time after ending a long-term relationship. Would you have jumped into bed with John only four months after Victor left?”
“I’m alright,” she said, amusement in her tone, yet there was a hint of chiding when she added, “Thank you for asking. Although you still need to work on how you answer the phone.”
“It started a couple of months after we met,” Greg continued. “If I can even say met. He snatched me off the street in one of those of those black cars. I must have been mental to be attracted to him at all after that. It was supposed to be casual. Mycroft explained that he’s not into romance, but we wound up in a relationship, anyway. It lasted for eight months. But it was never going to work. I want kids. He doesn’t. He kept pushing me away, thinking that I’d be happier with someone else. Then I met Susan. We stayed friends, though. Good friends. I’m not sure why we didn’t tell you. Mycroft thought it might weird you out too much.” Greg paused, frowning at Sherlock in concern. “And apparently he was right. Are you okay?”
That was the wrong thing to say, given how the temperature in the room seemed to plummet along with Greg’s face.
Sherlock stepped back, clasping his towel to his chest, fleeing John’s gaze. John startled at the motion, eyes widening with awareness and guilt at his own actions.
“That’s better. Yes, I’ll join you. I’ll bring a book to occupy myself during these boring stretches you warn me of.”
Mycroft had, in fact, been fretting about precisely that for the past two hours with no sign of release from its torment, because Greg had yet to arrive at his house. His last text had been rebuffed with a firm,
“It’s okay,” Greg said. His jumpiness seemed to be going down. He finally tugged off his coat and hung it on the coat rack, limbs only slightly hesitant and shaky. “I am glad that you’re not freaking out,” he continued. “I hadn’t planned on ever telling you. I counted on your skepticism of anything remotely supernatural keeping you from suspecting it.”
“I find it highly doubtful that I won’t like them. I like the one you played at the cliffs. You’re judging yourself too harshly for that one. You should finish it.”
“Your tactics of persuasion leave much to be desired. I’m half tempted now to decline your offer since you make it sound so unappealing.”
They held hands for the entire cab drive, which proved to be the most touch that they would get for a while, as Mrs. Hudson was wafting for them the instant that they stepped through the front door. She had left her own open a crack to listen for them, and sprung out with a big smile on her face. Of course. Sherlock should have known that there was no way to sneak him past her. Yes, he supposed there was some sort of social rule about guests making all of their hosts’ acquaintance as soon as possible, and not after one of them had snuck said guest upstairs for a cuddle. But why was this one of the ones that Sherlock was obligated to follow?
“Can I trust him with this?” he asked, meeting Sherlock’s eyes again. “He’s not going to drag me away to some government facility and experiment on me, is he?”
Sherlock clamped his mouth shut. He shot up from the sofa and paced around the room, but his ankle jerked in pain, forcing him to flop back down on the cushions, biting his bottom lip against a scream.
“I got Angelo off a murder charge. He was burgling on the other side of London at the time of the murder. After he got out of prison, having received a much shorter sentence than he would have if I hadn’t taken his case, he opened up this restaurant and has been giving me free meals ever since. Hardly necessary. He paid me my fee, but I’m not going to complain. Clients like giving me free things.”
John seemed to be adjusting well to life in London. He liked his new colleagues and being able to snuggle whenever he wanted. They both did. Except for the inconvenience of John disappearing to his new surgery every weekday, things carried on the way they had been doing so far. On the weekends, they drove down to Dover and enjoyed the beach and the hilly hikes. Mycroft bought them the bench that Sherlock wanted, a swing one, refusing to accept any sort of payment for it.
Mycroft sounded exhausted. Sherlock jerked up on the sofa, frowning and hugging his right leg to his chest.
Finally! God, he’d been gong completely mad. He hobbled over to the desk and sank into the chair, opening his laptop, his left leg jiggling with nervous energy, left hand tapping so hard on the desk that it hurt, but he couldn’t stop. He should have brought cigarettes. What on earth had possessed him to come here with no cigarettes? He could call the front desk. They could get him some, couldn’t they?
Mycroft sagged for a second in relief before tensing again. He was being ridiculous. Surely, there had been no malicious intention on Greg’s part, and he wouldn’t be considering rekindling anything with him right after deciding to get a divorce. Greg was still very hurt and in love with his soon to be ex-wife. He wasn’t about to use Mycroft for a rebound, not even in his emotionally fragile state.
Mycroft tensed, breath stopping in his throat. Tempting offer, but it might be too soon. Pressing the issue before Greg was ready might prove disastrous, even if Greg was doing the offering. But if he denied Greg, would it be out of some misplaced need to control the situation, just as Sherlock had so painfully put it?
“You’re not alone on this birthday,” Sherlock said. “We can go out to eat. Or go out of town for a bit. Get in the car and go all the way to Scotland if you want. Or France.”
Sherlock shrank back, gasping, heart hammering in his throat. The skin was rippling, grafting onto John’s body, his limbs shrinking and transforming into flippers and a tail, a seal head appearing where the human one had just been. A seal slid onto the floor. John was gone, a seal in his place. A seal that looked identical to the one that had saved Sherlock’s life. A seal that was peering at Sherlock as if daring him to deny the truth now.
“I suppose.” Mycroft didn’t sound happy about this supposition. Of course not. When was he ever happy about anything that Sherlock did? “But this sort is new to you, nonetheless. Unless you’ve hidden another relationship from me all these years.”
Which was why Sherlock was standing at the doorstep of Greg’s semi-detached house and smiling at Greg’s ogle-eyed stare as he opened the door. His wet hair was sticking up in clumps from having the towel Greg held passed through it. He was clad only in a light blue t-shirt and pajama bottoms, which he’d hastily tugged on after emerging from the shower. The fabric clung to his skin in several small wet spots.
While Sherlock spoke, they had arrived at the house. John turned off the car and sat quietly, absorbing what Sherlock said with frowning brows and tense shoulders.
“I need to leave to deal with this,” Greg said, voice softer, resigned. “We will talk more about this in the morning.”
It carried him through the day, even if it didn’t make him any less cranky and irritable at not being able to comment about the films to John in person. Text wasn’t remotely good enough. Had the flat always felt so empty? Perhaps. Just a little. But it was so much worse now. John needed to fill it with his cheerful, calm, and ebullient presence. He had only been here two days, not even a full forty-eight hours, yet these walls felt so lacking without him to fill them.
Yet it still wasn’t fair for Sherlock to ask John to move in. John needed the ocean. The Thames was a poor substitute, even if John could swim in it, which he couldn’t, so what was the point in dwelling on it? John’s weekend swims were the last bit of his home that he had left, and Sherlock had already taken half of those away with their arrangement. Maybe Sherlock should go to Dover every weekend. Why should John have to miss out on that? But John liked seeing Mrs. Hudson, especially now, and he’d bonded with Greg. Sherlock hadn’t considered how necessary bonding with a fellow shapeshifter was until he saw John and Greg together. They were always more relaxed after a snuggle. John claimed that he preferred Sherlock’s cuddles, that it was different, that one type wasn’t a replacement for the other. So John did need to come to London regularly. But he couldn’t be here all the time. So what then? They were doomed to be miserable five days out of the week? For John was just as dejected by the separation as Sherlock was. Their nightly video calls were filled with the usual “I miss you”s, although Sherlock never admitted exactly how beaten down he had felt that day so John wouldn’t feel bad and worry. John never said as much, either, but Sherlock knew there was more than the exhaustion of dealing with patients in his eyes and his slumped posture. But what else could they do? Sherlock couldn’t think of a damn thing.
“Your word that you will not harass, incarcerate, spy on, or harm John in any way,” Sherlock said. “That you will leave him free to live his life without any interference. Oh, and you will provide him with foolproof documents so that he doesn’t have to go through this again.”
“Never.” John cradled his face, thumbs rubbing along Sherlock’s cheeks. “I would never do that to you.”
Mycroft got Greg’s request to come over while he was on the treadmill. He cooled down quickly and rushed into the shower. Greg had said that he was only fifteen minutes away, so there was no time for dillydallying. His divorce had come through a week earlier, resulting in a long, somber phone call at midnight, for Mycroft had been out of the country and refused to let Greg hang up simply because it was “too late” and he technically should have been in bed. Going to sleep in the small hours of the morning wasn’t an uncommon occurrence, so Greg was hardly intruding, and Mycroft would much rather comfort Greg than pore over intelligence reports. Even if it meant talking Greg through the morass of emotions that ensued from the termination of his marriage. Greg spared him some of the detail, he was sure, especially when it pertained to himself. Greg didn’t wish to cause him discomfort, no matter how much Mycroft insisted that he not hold back to spare his feelings. He was here as a supportive friend, even if the subject matter was unpleasant.
So he watched action films with him, swallowing the mediocre writing and ridiculous premises, criticizing openly to make Greg happy but keeping mum during sequences that he could tell Greg truly enjoyed. They sat at an appropriate distance on the sofa, but Mycroft kept a close watch on him from the corner of his eye. Greg sat leaning against the left armrest, eyes fixed on the screen, hands jittery on his lap and his face, never smiling or laughing as hard as he normally would, but desperately seeking the distraction nonetheless. He had been holding up surprisingly well since they relocated from the dining table. Mycroft dreaded the inevitable breakdown that would ensue eventually.
Damned if he did. Damned if he didn’t. Sherlock opened the fridge door and stepped back so that John could see the bag of thumbs in the vegetable tray.
“This other stuff was highly relevant. You gave me the impression that you were fine when you’re not.”
“I do,” he said. “But it’s not just… I want to touch you as a friend. I don’t need more than that. We could spoon and cuddle in ways that your culture views as romantic without it having mean that. If you want. We don’t place limits on these activities. It makes more sense now, why you don’t, either. I was surprised earlier, and I thought maybe there was something else going on, but I didn’t want to ask. I didn’t want to be presumptuous. In my experience, straight blokes don’t tend to react to another bloke finding them attractive with a long-suffering ‘how tiresome’.”
“Not at all.” A warm feeling had joined the awkwardness in Mycroft’s chest. Interesting. “I am pleased to consider you as such. I am very grateful for how much you care for Sherlock, and I apologize for my earlier doubts about you two moving ahead too quickly.”
“I would hope so. Will he be needing the upstairs bedroom when he comes? You’ll need to clear out your mess if you do.”
“Uh, yeah, but I expected that you did those particular ones at Barts, not at home. Are you legally allowed to have these here?”
John renewed the pressure. Sherlock laid his head back, eyes sliding shut, letting the sensations wash over him in pleasant waves.
“I’ll be going, then,” Greg said. “Mycroft is probably pacing a hole in his floorboards by now. It was really nice meeting you, John. It was a pleasant surprise.”
“You’re very pensive,” John said, raising his head and frowning at him. “It’s starting to worry me.”
“That is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard. Please do me the favor of not boring John with your sad excuse for a sense of humor when he gets here. Does he get to come with me on cases or not?”
John glanced between Sherlock and his skin, a shift in his expression and lifting of his lips suggesting that he guessed at the source of Sherlock’s merriment, but he didn’t mention it.
Patient? Why did Sherlock always have to be patient? Why couldn’t things just go faster? He sighed, sinking back in his canvas seat. John smiled, amused by the display. Sherlock had been confused by this reaction at first, but had grown to understand that John wasn’t having a laugh at his expense. Apparently, the look on Sherlock’s face when he was annoyed at the world was “cute”. Cute was the last thing that Sherlock felt like, but he wasn’t going to say no to John admiring his face. John’s cheerful acrobatics in the water helped, too. John always knew how to make him smile. How had Sherlock managed without him for so long? After John swam off into deeper water, Sherlock alternated between reading a book on a 19th-century poisoner and walking along the shoreline until he got tired of the uneven footing. Once John returned, they cuddled on the sand, Sherlock spooning John, forehead pressed against the top of John’s head. Seals couldn’t smile, not technically, but he swore that the upturned curve of John’s mouth was curled into a happy grin.
John picked up his mug and sat back like he’d just solved the trickiest case of the decade before Sherlock could, sipping his tea with an infuriating smirk of satisfaction. Sherlock glared at him.
“If you’re worried that I’m going to come onto you, I’m not. You made it clear that you’re not interested.”
His fingers tapped relentless on his lap for the entire ride, all his energy taken up in preventing himself from flying into a meltdown in Gregson’s car. He didn’t need that extra embarrassment on top of everything else. He couldn’t show himself to be so rattled by a simple murder attempt, for that’s what it would look like, nor could he speak to anybody about this, so his usual tactic of rambling on to the nearest ear, whether they wished to hear him or not, wouldn’t work in this instance. He needed to be alone so he could rant in peace and begin the deletion process. Complaining about the distance only served to irritate Gregson, but at least Sherlock wasn’t the only annoyed one. Spreading the misery felt really good sometimes.
“You two are hopeless, aren’t you?” he said with a long-suffering sigh, yet there was a gleam of amusement in her eyes.
The silence between them was not so comfortable now. Damn it, why did he have to open his mouth and say that? Though it wasn’t like he hadn’t already shown John his needle scars and made it clear that it wasn’t pharmaceuticals that had made them.
“That’s what people say when they hate something but don’t want to be rude about it. You’re a medical man. Surely, you can appreciate the scientific rigor of my work, if nothing else.”
Sherlock was about to object, but stopped himself. He wasn’t quite ready to share his bed for sleep yet. Not overnight sleep, anyway.
“He does the same to me. John has lived up to all my hopes and expectations. He’s been very good for Sherlock. I am so glad that they met. And not only because John saved Sherlock on that beach.”
“What happened afterwards?” he asked. “Were you riveted by his conversation? Charmed by his smile?” Sherlock’s cheeks burned. “Other things?”
“I know it’s hard for you,” she said, “but you need to be patient. These things don’t resolve themselves overnight.”
“As observant as you are, you can surely figure it out. You can’t play guitar in the ocean. Not that I can do it here, either. I really have no talent at all.”
Greg left for the bedroom. Sherlock wiggled on the sofa, shaking his legs in anticipation. John chuckled beside him.
John touched him only in ways he liked. Spoke to him only in ways he liked (bar having a disagreement). Only looked at him in ways he liked. This was a fluke. An anomaly. It would never be repeated again if the guilt on John’s face was any indication. There was nothing, nothing, to fear here. Nothing at all. He couldn’t be safer than with John.
“Not on purpose,” Sherlock whined, gasping. “I wasn’t trying to do anything permanent. I just wanted a high. To forget. To feel good, and being sober felt bloody awful. It was only a little bit of an overdose. Stupid, yes, but not anywhere near as dramatic as Mycroft made it seem. It had been over a year since I’d taken drugs. I miscalculated. I wasn’t thinking straight. I didn’t mean to do it. But it was good that Mycroft didn’t buy my ruse. He found me passed out on the bed. I barely remember a second of it. Him shaking me, shouting my name, telling me to wake up. He looked scared.”
John stopped moving, fingers on his shoelaces, and turned to Sherlock, frowning in confusion as he looked him over.
“I treated you for superficial wounds and a sprained ankle. That hardly looks like…” His eyes widened, shock and terror alighting in them. “No.” John leaned forward, lowering his voice to a near whisper as he raised an emphatic finger. “Absolutely not. He’s not going to believe you, not unless I show him.” He sank back in the chair, covering his mouth with his hands, gaze skittering around the room before he leaned forward again, expression desperate again. “Is there nothing else you can tell him? No other way to convince him?”
“I suppose not.” Sherlock leaned forward, studying John’s face, breath held in his throat. “I do find you attractive, for the record.”
“No. Mycroft wasn’t in the picture yet. I know Greg’s smart. There’s no need to defend his honor. But, like the rest of the Yard, he lacks the necessary nuanced outlook and careful focus to detect those crucial details that are needed to catch a truly cunning criminal. He needs me on this.”
He was wrong. Of course. Not even he could lie to himself and get away with it. He dove into work like he had always done, yet Greg and the memory of lips which he’d never touch against pestered his every waking hour, and even some of his sleeping ones. Could this be love? He had never experienced the non-familial type, so how would he know? He googled the concept, both romantic and platonic, doing the most exhaustive study of crushes and squishes and every permutation of affection that he had ever made since Sherlock told him that terms existed for what they were. But his confusion about romantic feelings remained unchanged. Could it be a more intense form of friendship love, then, made painful now by Greg’s change in status in his life? Despite Greg’s desire to remain friends, their communication shrank to awkward texts, which in turn declined in frequency. Greg’s relationship with his now girlfriend Susan was progressing well. Despite his better judgement, Mycroft had grown to depend on Greg as a primary source of companionship, yet he had been supplanted by a romantic partner, who were always of a higher status.
“I know what about you?” Sherlock said, getting more agitated by the second. “Do you two know each other?”
John tried to protest but got nowhere. The bench was installed by the next weekend, given them ample opportunity to lounge on it, gazing at the ocean, John’s head resting on Sherlock’s shoulder. It was a much more cheerful experience than the last, but a somber tinge settled in John’s eyes when he thought that Sherlock wasn’t looking. He was restless in the evenings, sneaking off to the Thames when he could, avoiding entertainment that had to do with birth families. Once, his good mood evaporated during an advert featuring a birthday party with happy parents gifting their smiling child a puppy. He was morose and mentally distant for the rest of the day. Sherlock had snuggled him, made him tea, even made dinner. John smiled and thanked him, but it didn’t help cheer him up in the slightest.
“I wouldn’t do that. I don’t get it, to be honest. I am having a little trouble wrapping my head around it, but I’m trying, okay? And of course I wouldn’t call you cold. Sure, I thought that about you when you were interrogating me, but I wouldn’t be here if I still did.”
“No, you’re not ugly. You’re actually handsome in a puppy dog sort of way, but you’re not an ethereal beauty. You’re pleasing to look at, but I’m not driven to sink to one knee and declare my undying love for you.”
“Me, too. Lord knows he loves getting himself into scrapes. He’s lucky he wasn’t around after he almost got himself killed in Dover. John has been a godsend in more ways than one.”
Oh. Lestrade didn’t sound judgmental or angry, but the disappointment in his voice smarted in a way that it hadn’t done a few moments before.
“Are you really or are you just saying that?” Greg asked, his shamed grimace indicating that he believed it to be the latter.
John returned soon. While he was gone, Sherlock had debated whether to ask how John interpreted Sherlock touching him, but decided not to ask.
John reached the top of the stairs and Sherlock hugged him, eyes closing as he leaned down to nuzzle his face. John held onto him with as much needy eagerness, releasing a satisfied breath as he sank into Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock kissed his cheek, then his jaw, working up his face to his hairline, humming in contentment at John’s happy giggle.
Greg’s expression turned wry. He crossed his arms and shook his head slowly, as if it were amusing. What exactly was funny about what Sherlock had just said?
“The trainers you wore yesterday. New Balance walking shoes. Good for light terrain like the one by your house. They’re no more than a year old and you clean them, but not regularly. The white base shows mud and grass stains and abrasions from walking on rocks. You only gave yourself time to put on the fastest thing that you could, so those must have been the shoes you had closest at hand. Since yesterday was your day off and you’re wearing different trainers today, cleaner ones, those are your leisure pair. The fabric and shoelaces were slightly damp, as was some mud caked at the soles. It rained in the morning, but only a drizzle, not enough to deter a determined hiker from his usual stroll.
Mycroft laughed, an open, loud laugh. Sherlock startled. Mycroft never laughed like that. It wasn’t in his emotional repertoire. Yet here he was, his smirk replaced by a bright smile, the stress lifting from his face. Sherlock frowned at him for a second before a smile jerked on his own lips. Wait, why was he smiling? He and Mycroft didn’t smile together, not for ages, especially not when Sherlock insulted hm. Well, teased him, really. He hadn’t been aiming to hurt, not even to irritate now that he thought of it. This should feel strange. It did feel strange. Yet…
“Not all of them, but some. Romantic partners, too, for full disclosure, but I’m not thinking of this like that.”
Biological experimentation wasn’t the sort of thing Mycroft was into. Besides, there was no chance of him entombing John in Baskerville.
“Alright.” John’s voce rose sharply, exasperated by Sherlock’s recalcitrance, like everyone always was. “I can’t force you to go to hospital. I can treat you at my house. It’s closer than the surgery. But you can’t walk that distance, so you’ll have to wait here while I go and fetch my car. Are you okay to do that?”
“I know better now, I assure you. I’m merely surprised, that’s all. Were you truly afraid that I might treat you ill?”
Sherlock ignored him. Mycroft was silent for an unusually long amount of time. Had Sherlock actually rendered him speechless?
“Well, I’m not really good about doing something big for Valentine’s Day, but yeah. I like giving people flowers and stuff. So what are you looking for here? With us? Is this a date? I thought it was.”
“Five days isn’t that long,” John said when they resigned themselves to pulling away. “I already have my ticket.”
“Only because you keep hovering over me. I’m not a child anymore. I don’t need you watching over every step I take.”
No. Of course not. Not from their long-suffering, “how do I tell him that he’s wrong without hurting his fragile ego”? expressions. He was wrong. He was always wrong. Yes, it had been stupid and reckless, and they cared about him so much, and wasn’t he such a selfish wanker for not considering their feelings when he ran off into danger like that? He dropped his head on his knees. God. His bony knees hurt his forehead, but he deserved it. He raised his head just enough to look at his phone. No messages. He would have heard a call, anyway. How long had it been? Twenty minutes?
“Oh God. Let’s move on, please. Uh, how about if we spoon for a bit? Do you want to do that? You did express interest earlier.”
Why was he casting his gaze down nervously like that? He wasn’t the seal. Of course he wasn’t the seal. He couldn’t possibly be the seal.
He placed Sherlock’s foot back on the ground and went to recover the skin, wrapping it around his waist to cover his nudity. Right, so the skin was real enough. Either that, or both it and John were illusions.
“Why are you helping me? Why did you save me? Is it to gain control over me? Am I beholden to you because of it through some magical bond?”
“I know,” Greg said. “He cares too much and it scares him. He doesn’t like not being in control of himself. That’s why he’s always pushing me away, isn’t it?”
“Just give him a minute, Sherlock. It will happen. First, you need to focus on dinner with Mycroft tonight. You can’t do both things, and this is important.”
“I snuck out, went to my dealer, and came back. There was no way to ensure that Mycroft’s security system wouldn’t catch my coming and going, but there was no helping it. I made it look like I’d gone out for a pack of cigarettes, which he only allowed me the first day before cutting me off for health reasons. As if he doesn’t smoke himself when his emotions are compromised, the hypocrite. I lit up the first cigarette in full view of his front security camera, blowing a plume of smoke straight at it to mock him. There was a fifty-fifty chance that he would know that it was a ruse, but he would already have people checking my flat and I couldn’t stomach shooting up at some den. I’d told myself that I’d left that part behind me, at least. So I did it in Mycroft’s guest room. I just wanted to feel peace, just for a little bit. Nothing else.”
Greg looked down at the floor, looking amusingly put upon. He grasped his knees. The sight was doing a good job of reducing Sherlock’s nerves, as had his little speech. He’d known there was nothing to worry about.
Monday morning, Sherlock awoke to the mattress dipping as John climbed into bed with him. Outside, dawn barely began coloring the sky a deep blue. Sherlock’s train didn’t leave for another two hours. No need to get up yet. That’s why John came now.
He ducked out the door, rushing up the stairs. Sherlock’s grin widened. Oh, this was perfect. So perfect. He met Greg’s eyes, as dark brown as they had ever been. He’d like to think that he would be able to recognize them even if he hadn’t known this was Greg, but he couldn’t be sure. Although, the distribution of brown and white strands on his coat matched his human form’s coloring perfectly. And there was no mistaking Greg’s friendly, ingratiating gaze, which remained unchanged from a few minutes ago, still begging for forgiveness for his transgression.
“Nothing new since I called you,” Sherlock said, pulling back from Mrs. Hudson and diving for the box of tissues in the kitchen. He brought it back to the sitting room and curled into the armchair, yanking out a couple of tissues before holding the box out to Mrs. Hudson, who was sniffy herself. She sat down on the chair opposite. Mycroft came over to them as they blew their noses, grabbing the bin from beside the desk and placing it beside them so they could dispose of the tissues. He continued to be helpful by going to the kitchen and bringing them glasses of water. Sherlock downed his in one gulp. His throat hurt, inflamed from the heaving tears. His head ached, too. He’d probably need to take a painkiller later.
Mycroft glanced over his shoulder. Greg regarded with a soft, grateful expression. Mycroft’s breath stilled in his throat. The sudden urge to kiss Greg and hold him until he laughed in joy seized him like a noose around his throat.
Mrs. Hudson continued to call or send pictures of cute animals every day. Her enquiries had expanded to include John. How was John? Was he having fun with John? Would John be visiting him in London? God, Sherlock should have never said a word about him. Mrs. Hudson was acting like a stereotypical mum when her child brought their first boyfriend home, which was a horribly erroneous comparison given the deficiencies of Sherlock’s actual mother. Mycroft was little better. There was no repeat of his sleepover joke, but he persisted in asking John questions about anything he could think of, including if a particular politician was some sort of magical being, because he was as slippery and impossible to manage as one. John didn’t know and Sherlock didn’t care, so he picked up his violin and played one of Beethoven’s sonatas, which delighted John so much that he put his phone on silent to not spoil the music with its beeping.
“I’m not. I’ve thought about this, long and hard. Let’s face it. Having kids might not be in the cards for me. Not everyone who wants them gets to have them. Maybe I’m one of those.”
Or he might figure out the obvious himself. Sherlock ceased his study of John’s hand and rested it back against his chest.
“Not everything. When are you ever going to need a polyester shirt? They’re hardly likely to come back in fashion, are they?”
“I lied again,” John said, voice heavy with self-recrimination. “You know, it’s not like I could be one hundred percent sure that I would like living here in the long term. I might hate med school. Decide to quit. Then where would I be? Dragging myself back to the clan, begging them to take me back after choosing to sunder myself from them? If I had left because I was getting married to someone in another clan, it would be easy to come back, but turning my back to them for the human world? That was unacceptable. I would have the right to visit those who would see me, and no one would get in trouble for visiting me, but they probably wouldn’t take me back as a member again. Maybe after years of making the proper gestures and apologies, but there would be no guarantee. And what other clan would take me in? So I took the deal. No more than three years on land. Obviously, I broke it. So they banished me. No one of my old clan is allowed to speak to me. The rest shun me except for a very few rebellious types every once in a long while. I’ll never be welcome among selkies again.”
To ask how Greg’s month had gone. But they didn’t have the kind of relationship where they bothered with small talk and all that nonsense. Well, Lestrade did try to shove it down his throat every so often, annoyingly enough.
“I’m glad to see him doing so well,” he read. “I’d rather not have to give him the speech I give my patients. He wouldn’t like that.” Mycroft looked up. “You don’t want him to give you the speech, do you? I’m sure it’s very trite and condescending.”
But getting involved with someone connected to Sherlock would be complicated, to say the least. Best not.
Greg’s laugh was less strangled this time, a hint of that smile that Mycroft adored glimmering on his lips for the merest moment.
“I’m not afraid of that. It’s just a bit awkward. When Sherlock asked why I was nervous about you knowing, I kinda…” Greg’s hands shifted at his sides. “Sometimes reactions just happen, you know, when thoughts just come into your head. You know how that is. And the body reacts. Humans can’t tell. I hate to burst your bubble, but I am just as observant as you are. My senses are a lot more acute than yours. Selkies’, too. So I was thinking of you and I thought of… years ago and… I wasn’t keeping track of what my body was doing, but it reacted. The way that bodies react when they’re thinking of…”
That wasn’t clear enough. There lied the possibility that Greg might interpret it as some sort of euphemism, but he felt strangely vulnerable revealing the particular way that he experienced human emotion over text with a man who he’d only spoken to in person once. He would rather wait.
John’s face scrunched in a half-grimace. Why? At Sherlock’s tone? Mrs. Hudson was used to it. She knew he didn’t mean anything by it.
Sherlock dialed his number. Mycroft answered right away, but didn’t speak, confirming that he was at the lounge and currently rushing to his office where he could talk to his heart’s content.
“You’ll do fine. Your voice is all I need.” Sherlock hated how shy he suddenly felt. “It comforts me.”
“That’s a bit overdramatic for just glasses,” John said, peering at him in confusion. “Is there something in here you don’t want me to see?”
“Yeah. A bit. I’m going on holiday in a couple of weeks. Just to the south of Spain to clear my head. And have the locals laugh at my extremely rusty Spanish.”
“Lestrade might count, but I’m not going out to eat with him. I don’t know how you’d categorize Mrs. Hudson, my landlady. According to Mycroft, she’s a mother figure, which I can’t disagree with. I do feel that sort of affection towards her. Don’t tell Mycroft I agree with him. He’d be even more insufferable.”
“Of course I am. People’s insistence on shoving behaviors into strict categories is narrow-minded and exhausting.”
“It’s different from cuddling with a human,” he said, trying to keep his voice even and calm, but John divined his worry and dropped his head on his shoulder.
“We’ll see,” he said. “But I’m afraid it’s going to have to wait. I began a new one last night while watching Blue Planet on mute.”
“You’re well-dressed. Very sure of yourselves. Arrogant, to be frank. You look a bit alike. You scanned me the moment you saw me just like Sherlock does. I could practically see you deducing me in your head. And you’re really concerned about him. That offer to spy on him was a test, wasn’t it?”
“Hey,” Greg said weakly, lips that should have smiled grimacing instead. “I wasn’t expecting you until later.”
The man turned around, brandishing a knife to Sherlock’s torso. Sherlock jerked to the side at the last minute, wincing at a pinprick of pain on his ribs. The knife barely glanced off his coat. He grabbed the man’s wrist, twisting the knife away from him, digging his nails between his tendons, forcing him to drop it. The man kicked him, hard, on the shin. Holding fast to his wrist, Sherlock swung with his right fist, smacking him on the nose. The man went down, but not before grabbing Sherlock’s shoulder and dragging him down with him. Pain flared in Sherlock’s right ankle, twisting as it caught in the rocks. He tried to keep his grasp on the burglar, but he saw the man’s left arm rise too late.
“Yes.” The sound quality of the call had declined. Mycroft had shifted to speaker phone. “He’s coming over to my house later. He says that this is best said in person and not over the phone.”
“It was high time someone did. I feel glad and privileged that you told me the truth of who you are. I hated you for it at first, but I am happy about it now.”
“Obviously. I’d leave out the part about you being a selkie. Claiming such ridiculous things tends to undermine one’s credibility.”
The instant that Sherlock heard John open the front door of the building, he rushed from his armchair to the staircase, breathing a sigh of relief upon seeing John’s weary, yet smiling face. There was no more soothing sight on Earth, not even a deliciously puzzling murder.
John’s brow would wrinkle sometimes when he noticed Sherlock’s momentary lapse, and he’d ask if Sherlock was okay, all the reassurance that Sherlock needed.
“The gardener staged it all,” Sherlock said, handing the file to Lestrade. “Honestly, so simple. If that’s the best you’ve got, I’ll be heading out now.”
“Right.” John rubbed his eyes. “I’m sorry. I really am. I didn’t think. It’s been a long time. I just… I wanted… I don’t know.”
“And not just random enjoyment of a random thought,” Greg continued. “I liked thinking about touching you like that. About holding you. Kissing you. Waking up in that luxurious bed of yours and making you breakfast. Seeing the way your nose wrinkles right as you wake up and open your eyes. But then it all got mixed up with Susan and seeing her wake up and making her breakfast and going on our weekend trips and running in the woods.”
His gaze turned away to some memory that Sherlock couldn’t ask about. Something had occurred between John and his family, something painful and life altering, beyond the death of his cousin. Sherlock was sure of it, but he couldn’t press the issue
“Relax,” he said. “She doesn’t bite. You already met the most intimidating member of my family and did great.”
“Hey, someone needs to check your ego every once in a while, else one day, your head is going to swell up like a balloon and you’re going to float out of this room.”
John turned to him. He looked startled, though Sherlock couldn’t figure out why. Did he not like Sherlock touching him like this? But when Sherlock dropped his hand, John patted him on the back, trying for a smile that came out more like a grimace, but his eyes were warm and grateful.
“Right,” he said, turning toward Mycroft, meeting his eyes so tentatively that Mycroft almost begged him to stop being scared. “Sorry, I’m just nervous. They said that you would be okay with it, but it’s still… I’ve thought about telling you so many times. I’ve really wanted to. It’s just…”
“I was kinda hoping you’d say something like that,” he said, voice more than a little broken. “But also kinda not. I don’t… Christ. I don’t know what to say now. I wanted that, back then. Or close enough. I can compromise too on the romantic stuff. But you know that. We did that. If you had wanted kids, it would have been a no brainer. That really was the only thing.”
John turned to him with a satisfied smile that completely wiped away his earlier contrition, but it was too teasing for Sherlock to mind much. As much as it grated at his sense of reason, John was right. Sherlock had been narrow-minded. Selkies existed. John was one. There was no denying that. How could he ignore the evidence of his own senses just because it was too difficult to bear?
“They don’t know about me,” he said. “It hadn’t been relevant before, and I don’t have the energy to tell them now. They’re not supportive. In any sense, but especially not this one.”
Sherlock nodded. He slipped into the bed first, pushing back the covers and sliding his legs in, his toes suddenly cold, a nervous reaction, perhaps. But he didn’t regret this decision despite the nerves fluttering in his belly. He wanted John to scooch in beside him like he was doing now, to reach out and encircle him in his arms like he had downstairs, to sink into his warmth and breathe him in. It would be a cliché to say that John smelled like the sea, but it was true. Sweat removed salt from the body, so the scent of it in John’s might be no more than that, yet Sherlock couldn’t escape the fanciful notion that John smelled like the breeze coming in from the ocean, bright and crisp and beguiling. They faced each other at first, gazes meeting tentatively as knees stroked knees and arms wrapped around torsos. John moved forward so that their chests met, pushing against each other as they breathed. Sherlock’s right hand brushed John’s on the bed between them, so close to the handholding that he desired to try, yet he still shied from taking the extra plunge.
