“You twink wouldn’t know the first thing about pleasing a woman! Why don’t you go fuck off to your boyfriend, pal,” the large man spit out, and Castiel saw it, the shame and rage burning behind the young man's eyes; clearly a nerve had been struck.
“Ah, so was your dad in the military or something? Was that the cause for the moving?” Cas asked, head cocking slightly to the left. Dean let out a humorless laugh that was maybe a bit too loud, forced.
But as they neared the light of the living world, there was a sad keening, high-pitched and forlorn, which came from the part of Castiel that had been cut out and discarded. Was it so hard to believe that Castiel’s grace had become…
As his emotions threaten to take control Dean slowly works on steadying his breathing, reigning himself and his train of thought in, instead focusing on the pain radiating from his wrists. Pain he knows, pain he can work with.
“Why don’t you just talk to him Cas?” Sam asks softly as he deploys those puppy dog eyes, the ones he knows could get damn near anyone to do damn near anything, it really wasn’t a fair negotiation tactic.
That was what he was doing now. He had snuck out into the chilly evening, pulling his sweatshirt a bit tighter around him, wishing he had put some shoes on. It was cold, but not cold enough to drive him back inside the suddenly too small apartment. He walked over to the thick black metal railing that Cas had claimed was there for safety when Dean had made a snarky comment about it last time he was visiting.
“Dude, you just used bigger words than you usually do,” Dean said sloppily, he hadn’t realized quite how difficult his lips were becoming to move thanks to the alcohol dulling his fine motor skills.
“Aw, come on Charlie, you know I only have it around for special occasions. I don’t have a problem or anything. I just like to have some fun now and then,” he said, avoiding Charlie’s glare. “You know; you used to be a lot more fun,” Dean leveled a challenging look at her.
"I don't know how to answer that," he replies. He doesn't know what is dangerous to reveal to her. Charlie's presence is completely unexpected. Whatever he tells her, she will want to act on it.
He walks around and around, searching first through his house and then Dean’s. He rummages through their things, throwing knick knacks on the ground, not bothering to watch as they fizzle out of sight, disappearing.
"Maybe we ran into each other a few times at the farmers market?" he speaks hesitantly, hoping it sounds believable enough. The warm hand on his does little to calm his racing heart, and the lie burns inside him like a red-hot rod. But the truth is too heinous. The truth would make Dean hate him, and he can't and won't risk that very thing. Dean is just beginning to trust him again and to give him that smile he has missed so dearly these past few years.
"Okay, I get it. You’re all ga-ga over each other. Enough of this. That grace is causing me nothing but trouble, and trying to get Castiel back only put him to sleep in your world. Give me the angel."
“Yeah, probably, but hey, none of them have stabbed me yet, so I consider that a good sign for their future,” he shrugged before adding, “Goodnight Dean, and uh, thanks, for sticking around and caring about my brother.”
Just as Dean started to allow some of the doubt to seep in, Cas returned with a damp towel, a bottle of water, and what appeared to be chocolate. He set the water and candy on the bedside table then crawled onto the bed, walking closer to Dean on his knees. He placed a kiss on Dean’s cheek before gently pushing at his shoulder, directing him to roll over. Dean groaned, expressing his displeasure at being made to move, but complied anyway.
He pulled out his phone and really wished he had thought to look at the clock in Cas’s car so he knew how much time he had left. Did he want the punishment? Kind of, it had been awhile and he had been itching for aggressive angry Cas, but, he also wanted pleasure and fun. Ten minutes was pushing it anyway with his leg still in a cast, it took it almost that long just to get pants on and off and Cas knew that. He was setting him up to fail because he knew what Dean needed right now after the last few weeks. The thought made the excitement flair even brighter in his belly as he urged the elevator to move faster.
Dean knows he’s getting off easy to start out—open handed slaps to his face were nothing—but the intensity will ramp up quickly to something impossible to breathe through, harder to tolerate. Alastair's torment would soon be something closed eyes, controlled breathing and gritted teeth won’t help manage.
Dean’s bedroom window faces the backyard and towards the chain link fence separating his property from the neighbor’s. On the other property, there stands a dark figure.
When his eyes finally traveled back up to Dean's face he was met with brighter, seemingly lucid eyes and that cocky smirk again. “Like what you see, Cas?” Dean asked, adding a wink for good measure while he reached his hand out to mirror the one resting on his hip. Cas intercepted it and used it to spin Dean around and lead him back over to the couch. Instead of the space they had kept between them earlier, Cas ensured Dean sat directly next to him this time, legs brushing against each other whenever they adjusted.
Dean slowly turns his stare to Charlie. "Hannah’s here? I know I can barely keep track of the things that are happening since we reset so frequently, but I would remember Hannah being here. How’s she here, Charlie?"
"You’re wrong." Dean shoots a look at Castiel. "Cas, I’m sorry." He quickly flips the blade in hand and stabs Taylor, stabs Castiel’s grace, causing a pulse of silvery blue light to flash through the vast emptiness around them.
Cas gives a noncommittal huff “you should get some more rest, I ’ll come check on you a little later,” he says quickly and  moves to stand but before he can Dean grabs at his arm, willing him to stay, Cas glancing back at those forest green eyes that always give him pause, this time filled with worry. Cas sighs and gives in, sitting back down, somehow even closer to Dean, who is still grasping the angel's wrist, not quite ready to trust that if he lets go Cas won’t bolt.
After reading through a few more posts Dean quickly stands up, laptop in hand. He swings through the kitchen for the bottle of whisky and heads straight to his room. In the hallway he passes Sam who starts to protest at Dean being in possession of his laptop, but he quickly sees the look on Dean's face and turns on his heel as Dean shuts and locks his bedroom door. He settles on his bed, unscrews the cap on the bottle, takes a swig and waits for it to settle his nerves. When it hasn’t done anything after a minute or two Dean takes a couple more drinks for good measure, needing the extra resolve to begin scrolling through the posts again.
The last thing Dean remembers is a gentle, “Hello, Dean, I’m going to take you home now,” spoken in that rich deep voice he’s grown to love so much it might have scared him under different circumstances.
Dean continues on, “I mean, Sam and I were working a ghost case, but I didn’t even think before doing it. I didn’t care if I came back, didn’t want to live a life without you, couldn’t live my life without you. I was angry at everything, I was destructive and I just wanted the pain to stop, but the only time it stops is when I’m with you Cas. The only times I ever feel even remotely okay are with you, when you’re close I don’t have the nightmares or the panic attacks, I finally feel safe. I’m better when you’re with me Cas, more like who I want to be instead of the mess I actually am. I know this won’t always be perfect or easy, hell, nothing in our lives has been has it? But I know I want to fight for you, I want to fight next to you. I want to do everything within my power to make this thing work because I know it’s worth it, you’re worth it and I’m finally starting to believe maybe I’m worth it too,” Dean trails off on the last word, speaking becoming difficult around the lump in his throat at the realization that yeah, he was worth it, he deserves this, he was allowed to be happy, to have a life he never even dared to dream of as a possibility.
Dean didn’t have to be told twice and grabbed Cas’s arm as they were spit back out of the black goo, deposited in the same room where Cas had said goodbye. Sam had quite quickly hugged Cas and welcomed him home as did Jack before making a very hasty exit, closing the door behind them. Before Cas had even been able to turn around Dean was on him, a large hand pulling at his shoulder to spin him around and then enveloping him in a full bodied hug, pulling Cas into him rough and desperate.
Cas knew he had to tell Dean what was going on, but he didn’t want to ruin this bubble they were currently in. He was sure once he laid out his entire backstory Dean would bolt, who would want to deal with all his shit? It was often dangerous, even more so right now.
“I guess what I’m saying, or rather asking of you is…just, please don’t hurt him. I don’t know if he could deal with something like that again, if I could pull him out of that place again. If you’re just going to fuck and run, then leave now, don’t draw it out, don’t let him get attached. I know he may not seem like it, he puts up walls higher than anyone else I know, but they aren’t nearly as sturdy as they seem. He needs someone who can gently tear them down and remind him what it is to be cared for and loved instead of used and taken for granted,” Gabriel said, tone steady and sure but with a hint of pleading; he was begging Dean not to hurt his big brother and it made Dean’s heart break for Cas, for Gabe, for the obviously fucked up life they had lived in their youth.
For a moment Dean almost forgets he’s trussed up like some sick treat for a sadistic demon whose expertise is psychological and physical torture and torment. His thinly veiled peace is quickly shattered as his head snaps sharply to the side before he realizes what had happened. Heat blooms on his cheek, the crack of skin hitting skin filling the air. Alastair's slender but strong hand lands on the opposite cheek causing his head to snap violently in the other direction.
“Sorry Sammy,” Dean shouts over his shoulder as he continues running down the hall. Sam chuckles and shakes his head at his brother.
When he glances up he is met with Alastair's piercing eyes, staring intently at him, as if he knows the places Dean's brain had been, enjoying the varied emotions playing out across his face, the fear, the near hysteria, the overwhelming crushing depression and sadness, the anger and ultimately the resignation of the current situation. Dean focuses on accepting the impending pain, knowing there's no way out, knowing what this demon is capable of, remembering what he experienced thousands of times in hell. But this was different; they were now topside and he knows that means physical injuries won’t be erased for a clean slate the next day, he knows he won’t be given the chance to opt out of his own pain, he knows Alastair can hold one hell of a grudge and, if he lives long enough, he knows this will be drawn out for days, maybe even weeks.
"Nah, I wouldn’t want to get in the way. I’ll just...  I’ll go check on Dean," Charlie offers, gaze drifting over to the front door that had recently been slammed shut.
When he really looked at Cas’s brother, the man looked exhausted. There were deep, dark circles under his sunken eyes and his body language was nothing like the self-assured swagger he had had over a week ago when he interrupted Dean and Cas.
It’s tricky, but while Sam makes the draught, Dean keeps from losing his mind by wrangling his bed closer to Cas’s. There’s a gap of only inches, when he’s done. He checks the set up by lying back down, reaching over to Cas’s bed, and taking Cas’s hand firmly in his own. It’s good.
He gritted his teeth against the jostling and maneuvering it took to situate him on the stretcher and get him into the back of an ambulance. He made the mistake of looking at his leg as they placed some sort of splint to keep it protected, and he definitely should not have done that. It was twisted in the wrong direction, his knee now turned to the right, farther than it should have been able to. While that would have been concerning on its own, his foot was definitely facing the opposite direction from what he could tell. He puked all over the shop floor after that.
Amidst the scrambling and poking and prodding and pain--holy shit so much pain--Dean heard Bobby asking him if he had an emergency contact, someone he should call to meet Dean at the hospital. Maybe it was the pain, or the drugs the medics had managed to start pumping through his veins, but the only name he could think of was Cas. When Bobby gave him a funny look, Dean started working his phone out of his pocket. Noticing what he was doing, one of the medics reached down and helped him, Dean’s clumsy fingers not cooperating. Dean unlocked his phone and handed it to Bobby, who understood.
Continuing his mental self-assessment, he knows his face is fucked. Split lip, one eye almost totally swollen shut, most likely broken bones, including his nose which was proving difficult to breathe through. He licks over his dry, blood-crusted lips and hesitantly feels around inside his mouth, tracing each tooth with his tongue. Thankfully it seems they’re all accounted for, and Dean considers that a small win. As he continues the number and severity of his injuries becomes increasingly clear. Pain rips through his torso and he finds it difficult to separate the different sources of pain because they’re all blending together. He’s pretty sure a blade had pierced his abdomen at least once or twice, hopefully missing anything vital. He can tell at least a handful of his ribs are definitely broken. His back is on fire, and it feels as though the skin has been flayed off. He can feel the rawness of countless open wounds and he remembers the whip, knows his back is a mess of angry criss-crossed gashes. The whip had broken skin almost immediately, with Alastair not holding back, working up to swinging with his full strength after only one or two passes. He recalls hearing the loud crack snapping through the air and almost instantaneously he feels the first hit land in the center of his back, causing white spots to dot his vision, biting his lip and trying his best not to cry out at the sharp intense pain, not wanting to give Alastair that satisfaction that easily.
"Taylor is very well-behaved. I'm sure she thought she was trying to protect you from a deer or a car. It is very admirable of her," he says, giving Taylor a small pat.
When it all teetered on the edge of too much to take and Dean had resigned himself to finally letting go and losing that chance, Cas slammed into him, leaned over and whispered the long awaited permission to allow himself that sweet release.
Almost a year has passed since they defeated God. Almost a year since Cas had confessed his undying love for his best friend, which had ultimately led to then being taken by the empty. He had known what it was that would finally summon the dark entity, the one thing that would bring him true happiness: finally admitting his undying love for Dean Winchester. He had known for almost a decade that he loved the other man, but had never really let himself feel it, never allowed himself to think about it too deeply.
Dean’s everything hurt: his head was pounding, his muscles were stiff, his mouth felt like it was stuffed with cotton and, when he tried to open his eyes, the lights were blinding. He groaned and held an arm up over his eyes, trying to shield them from the fluorescents beaming down at him. He heard a chair scrape against the linoleum to his left and magically the lights dimmed, finally low enough he could open his eyes and see the room he was in and who was there with him.
“Like...breath play, I can’t…I can’t even think about doing that to you right now, after seeing…just after everything, I just…at least not in terms of wrapping my hands around your throat” Cas stuttered out, anger building, images of John perched over a lifeless Dean playing through his mind again. He gripped the steering wheel and breathed deeply until he regained control of himself. “I don’t know if I can tie you up either…I can’t have you feeling trapped or stuck,” Cas added.
Dean finished the water as he slowly got up off the couch and made his way down the long hallway. He stopped to use the bathroom, splashed some water on his face and swished some mouthwash around his mouth before going to check on Cas. The man was huddled under a pile of blankets and looked small in comparison. Dean crawled carefully onto the bed next to him and immediately noticed the intense shaking moving the entire bed.
“Clearly you’re no good at Tetris. Here, let me,” Dean said as he knelt down. He gently shoved Cas out of the way and began arranging everything into the cabinet deftly.
“Mmmm, shall we eat?” Cas offered, holding up the brown paper bag and turning toward the kitchen. Dean followed and settled himself on one of the stools at the large island.
Cas stands up swiftly and closes the space between them in a few quick strides, places a hand on Dean's chest and shoves him backward until he is pressed against the hard wood of the bookshelf behind him. Cas then eagerly pulls Dean down into a frenzied kiss, nibbling at his lower lip, hands wandering under the other man's shirt, desperate to find warm skin. They pull away only when the need for air overwhelms them, leaving them panting and lightheaded.
“I uh, I never said that,” Dean croaked out, lips suddenly forgetting how to form words without a tremendous amount of effort.
“I’m glad you’re so eager Dean. It will make taking you apart piece by piece so very rewarding. I promise you, by the end of this you will be an incoherent puddle, does that sound okay?” Cas asked with feigned innocence.
“Ah, my mother was very into angels and lore surrounding them; Castiel was an angel, and apparently she wanted me to get beat up often as a child,” he said chuckling a bit, earning a small grin from Dean. “So, Dean, what’s the problem? Why have you waltzed into my club two weeks in a row with the apparent goal of picking fights with men twice or three times your size?”
"Hey, Cas," Dean grins, his tone saturated in amusement. "What’re you up to?" He goes so far as to cross his arms and raise his eyebrows.
When Dean gets close enough Cas grabs his hands, intertwining their fingers as he leans in for a gentle kiss. “Welcome home darling,” he says softly, suddenly hit with the sheer magnitude of what he’s about to do. “Oh, and happy anniversary.”
Castiel remembers all of it. When the Empty took him, body and grace, he had not been pulled into sleep. He had been awake. And Dean had come to get him out. In an effort to achieve tranquility without losing its share of the bargain, the Empty had offered a compromise. Castiel could leave his grace behind and go with Dean.
Once, perhaps, he might've had the chance to have that sort of life. Two dogs, white-picket fences, and all that. But he only wants that kind of life with Cas. And he can't take advantage of Cas, can't ruin his life.
He told Dean how he had been abused by more of his mom's boyfriends than he could count, in practically every way he could have been ever since he could remember. He told Dean how he had protected his younger siblings from the men, offering himself up so they wouldn’t have to deal with it. He told him how eventually he had gotten big enough and learned enough to protect himself too, to show those assholes a thing or two if they tried taking advantage of him or his family. How his mom had kicked him out because of it, not wanting to fend for herself, willing to put up with what she had to for a free bed and a warm meal.
Torment and torture not only spanning physical abuse, but psychological anguish as well which may just be Alastair’s specialty. Dean has never really been bothered by pain, hell sometimes he even enjoys if given the right circumstances, but the psychological pain he knows Alastair is able to inflict is not something he may ever have the proper tools to deal with. He would prefer to be taken apart piece by piece physically, any day of the week; as soon as anyone ventures into his head and starts poking around he immediately recoils and shuts down. There is just too much buried there that could be used to fan the flames of his own self-doubt, self-loathing, shame and more that he wouldn’t even know how to properly put into words.
“Ple-please, Castiel, I-I can’t, please ju-fuck,” Dean begged, practically jack-knifing off the bed as the vibrations were increased once again.
Castiel watches the scene fold out in front of him, not comprehending much. Dean was taken and Taylor was able to track him to wherever the hell they are and then somehow Castiel got into a sword fight with some guy who looked vaguely familiar, but Castiel doesn’t have much practice with an actual sword and was doing everything he could to stop the man so he could find Dean. And then Dean appeared! Which distracted Castiel and let the guy fighting him get a shot in, sending him to the ground. Then Dean, being Dean, decided to help Castiel instead of getting away safely like Castiel asked him...and now the Empty is back.
A hand grabs hold of Castiel’s throat and begins squeezing. Castiel grips at the fake Dean’s arm to pull it away. Cold green eyes stare him down as breathing becomes more difficult. The sounds of Taylor’s barking and the real Dean screaming his name slowly become humming in his ear.
Gabriel closed the heavy door behind him and they stood in silence for a bit as Dean took off his boots and set them aside. That’s when he heard it, the faint thumping coming from down the long hallway in front of him. Without thinking he started walking toward the sound when Gabriel’s hand reached out and grabbed his upper arm, stopping him.
“Okay, but what…” Dean stopped yelling when Charlie walked back in his room, joint in hand. Taking it, he continued. “But what if he says he doesn’t want to see me again, I don’t know if I can deal with that,” Dean said wistfully as he exhaled a large cloud of smoke, muscles relaxing already.
"No," Dean whispers, then adds much louder, "No! I'm not letting you kill yourself over me again!" Taylor leaps out of Dean’s arm and charges right alongside him as Dean races forward.
“No; Dean, I need you to vocalize when I ask you a direct question,” Cas explained. He wanted to be sure he set that expectation early and wanted Dean to understand a bit of what he may expect if he agreed to this and, oh, did Cas hope he agreed. It had been far too long since he had someone who tested his patience and control as much as this young man already had in their limited time together, and he always loved a challenge.
The uneasy feeling about his house lingers, however, and before stepping across the threshold to Dean’s home, Castiel pauses, looking for a passable excuse to quickly check on things.
Cas let out a sigh as he collected his thoughts, trying to figure out the best course of action in this moment. Slowly he removed his knee from between Dean's thighs, stepping back a couple inches to provide the man some space, not wanting to be seen as a threat. He moved his hands from the wall to Dean's body, resting one on his hip and wrapping the other behind his neck. Cas kept his touch light and unthreatening, but still firm enough to be grounding. He ran his thumb up underneath the hem of Dean's shirt, wanting some small contact with his skin. Dean flinched briefly, then seemed to melt into the physical contact.
"Don’t worry about it, Cas." Dean sounds so disheartened, and Castiel wants nothing more than to turn around and comfort him—consequences be damned. "Tay’s just happy to have more peanut butter to enjoy."
Whether Cas realizes that Dean has his memories or not, Dean doesn’t understand why he would keep their past from him.
“Don’t you fucking say his name, I can’t…don’t fucking bring him into this,” Cas said, voice cold, body rigid. Gabe sighed heavily and started to pace across the small living room.
Dean groaned and buried his face in the pillow, trying to get his attitude and libido under control; he had a feeling this was only the beginning of a very long evening.
He was now pacing the living room--well, hobbling back and forth--unable to sit still or focus on anything except for the clock ticking away on the wall, how long Cas had been gone and, more importantly, how long until he would be back. When Dean’s phone pinged on the coffee table he practically fell over himself trying to get to it as quickly as possible.
“I’m giving you a ten minute head start. You get up to the apartment and into the bedroom, strip, and wait for me on the bed. If you’re not ready when I get there, there will be consequences. Understood?”
“Why are you telling me all this?” Dean asked quietly, staring intently at Gabe. The man sat up and leaned closed to Dean, eyes locking onto his.
“I can take you anywhere, any time dude,” she said as she settled in and turned her attention back to the TV.
Cas continued sitting, staring across the room at nothing, unblinking. “I’m sorry, Gabe,” his quiet voice broke through Gabriel’s own thoughts.
Before sending, he checked wordlessly with Charlie who simply nodded. He hit send and then dropped the phone onto the bed, letting out a groan as the phone fell to the floor, clattering on the hardwood.
What a tantalizing sight they make, Dean all soft and bed-ruffled in the morning daylight with his dog looking like she wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
"Wait...what? Dean? Who took him?" Cas stammers, trying to catch up to what is going on, his synapses firing much slower than he would like.
"Alright," a voice growls. The two look over and see a familiar person. Hannah holds her hand out, glaring at the both of them. "This was really cute at first, but now I am fucking over it."
“Ah, well...it’s Michael’s and my sister's name in an angel language, Enochian,” Cas explained, tone taking on a twinge of longing.
“Well, I guess it’s safe to say Sammy knows about this,” Dean chuckles and shrugs, surprisingly unbothered. He slowly stalks his way back over to Cas, draping his body over him, grinding down into him, causing both men to let out a pleased groan.
"Send me back!" Dean slams his hands on Sam’s table and points back to Cas’s still form. "He’s still there. He needs me.
A humorless smile played across Cas’ face as he set his drink down, took in a deep breath, then quickly turned on Dean, hand on his chest, shoving him against the wall behind him.
Cas had spent the weekend settling into his new crap-tastic apartment. It was only one bedroom, one bathroom, if it could even be called that. He had spent his time bleaching the entire space, convinced if he didn’t die because of gang violence, he would definitely die from the black mold that had seemingly taken up a permanent residence throughout his temporary home.
When Dean wakes up, he's in a warehouse, and his arms and legs are all tied together with rope. He sighs, and looks around.
“Well, you do not strike me as someone who tends to follow rules or listen to instructions given by just anyone. Besides, you know my name, know I own the club; I’m not a complete stranger.” He winked and then leveled his gaze forward again. When the doors opened they were at the end of another hallway, this one with dark hardwood floors and an exposed brick wall across from a plain white wall that displayed simple, tasteful art pieces. It was instantly inviting and cozy while at the same time holding no personal touches or any inclination of what exactly the corridor led to. Cas took off down the hall and kicked off his shoes as he neared the end, never looking back to check if Dean would follow. He knew he would.
Dean is pulling out covered containers from the refrigerator: washed lettuce, sliced red onions, uncooked patties of seasoned ground beef. "Nah. Got most of it prepped already." He puts a couple of cast iron pans on the electric burners. After a few minutes, the thick burger patties go in one. When he’s flipped the burgers, he puts the buttered buns on the other pan to grill.
Charlie rolls her eyes and mutters, "You all think you're so cute." Her expression is fond and Castiel can't help the warmth that spreads seeing her bright and alive again. Her smile slips a little as she says, "Speaking of Dean, how is he?"
Castiel isn't tempted to take advantage of Dean's memory block. He would never do that to him. Castiel picks up his pace and focuses on his breathing, on the percussion of his running shoes hitting pavement. His heart soon beats steadily with the exertion.
“Kind of...the first few years after Cas got this place he laid low, didn’t leave much, hell, the only time I saw him was to interview potential staff to get the club up and running. He ignored my texts and calls unless he needed something, so I don’t exactly know for sure, not until Alfie came around anyway,” Gabriel said as he leaned back in the chair, staring up at the clear sky above them.
Dean rolled over in bed and groaned, not willing to face the day. He would give nearly anything to just stay in bed for the next...forever. He wasn’t even sure why he had agreed to this, why he had said he would go. He could just ditch; it’s not like anyone was really counting on him to be there. He didn’t have a date to drag along, or anyone that really cared enough to be concerned if he just didn’t show up. So why the hell was he even getting out of bed? Sometimes the disconnect between what his brain wanted him to do and what his body actually did was infuriating. Although, honestly, it had probably saved him a lot of heartache and some very probable jail time over the course of his life.
“Hey Cas,” Dean greeted, trying to mask the nerves and anxiety, hoping his words came out as light and unbothered. He quickly tangled his fingers together in his lap so the other man couldn’t see them shaking. Cas slid into the chair next to Dean gracefully, resting his arms on the table in front of him, making Dean feel trapped against the wall on his other side.
“Yeah, Winchester. How have you been?” Dean asked, trying to keep things civil. He was well aware he had plenty of people that would be there tonight that weren’t his biggest fans. Dean hadn’t always been the type of guy “upstanding” students wanted to be around: he partied, slept around, and couldn’t really be too concerned with his grades. He had given up caring long ago, stopped trying to justify his actions to others who had no clue what he had dealt with back then. Raising his little brother after his mom died and dealing with his abusive, alcoholic dad that thankfully was hardly ever around, he really couldn’t be bothered to give two shits about algebra or stress over finishing a dissertation on Hemingway.
Taylor tugs on her leash, keen to be moving along. "Walk with us," Dean suggests. Castiel is about to decline the offer, but his stomach growls so loudly that Dean doesn’t pretend not to hear it. "I’m gonna pick up a few things and then make dinner. You like burgers, right?"
“How are you feeling?” Cas asked after a few minutes, one hand gently carding through Dean's hair, the other wrapped tightly around his waist.
His game plan was to sneak in undetected, find a table or chair off to the side in the shadows, stay for just long enough to say he went, and then slip out. Unfortunately, as soon as he opened the door, a familiar face spotted him and made it known he was there with a shrill noise that he could only describe as a screech.
It’ll soon be overwhelming and all consuming, but if he can just hold out long enough for someone to notice something isn't right, maybe he really can be saved. Maybe he can get the chance to finally deal with some of his repressed feelings and actually work through his crap to be a decent enough person, someone worthy of love and acceptance, maybe even someone worthy of a life.
“Adam?” Cas asked, the man had grown at least a foot and put on quite a bit of muscle since the last time Cas saw him, right after Michael was killed. The man held his arms out and shrugged.
"Yes, I’m fine," Castiel blurts out when he remembers Dean asked him a question and racks his brain for an excuse. "My mind is elsewhere because of...work."
Cas used the time to really take Dean in, to appreciate the unique and stunning shade of green that colored his eyes, his insanely dark and thick eyelashes, his perfectly pouty and full lips, the scruff growing along his jaw, the little peak of his tattoo snaking its way just past the collar of his shirt, just enough of a glimpse to tease and call attention to a collar bone that Cas had a hard time not bending down to kiss and nibble along. Cas’s eyes wandered down Dean’s body, taking in the few tattoos visible on his arms: the initials “M.W.” on his inner arm, a tentacle wrapping around one bicep, what looked to be a poke and stick variation of something Cas couldn’t quite make out on the inside of one wrist, and finally what seemed to be a few nonsense geometric designs along the inside of his other forearm.
Cas jumps up and quickly closes the space between his chair and the door, flinging it open to reveal a panicked looking Charlie.
"It’s always one more damn thing. One more damn thing I’m always asking from you. Or no, I don’t even ask, I know you’ll do it, whatever needs to be done, an’ I can never pay it back, I can never make it up to you. Make it right." He swallows, catches a breath.
Sitting on the bed unscrewing the lid Cas tries handing the bottle to Dean, who hasn’t even acknowledged that he’s aware Cas has come back in the room, “Hey, Dean, can  you drink some of this for me please?” no response, “Dean, please, how can I help you?” Cas asks, hoping he doesn’t sound as forlorn and lost as he feels. When that still garners no response from Dean he lets out a sigh, setting the water bottle on the bedside table, he pulls the blankets back and slides in next to Dean. Careful not to get too close at first, he settles in, laying on his back he looks over at the unfocused green eyes staring past him, this wasn’t the Dean he had come to know and he wasn’t completely sure how to bring him back. He could go get Sam, but he doubted Dean would appreciate his little brother seeing him like this, he always put on a brave face for Sammy, ever since he carried him out of their burning family home at four years old, he’s been the brave soldier, the guns blazing hunter who took on anything and anyone in his way, and Cas has no doubt that he will be again, right now, he’s healing, working through some of the trauma and fear that has defined his entire life thus far.
The Empty, retaking the form of Meg, looks between Castiel and Dean, both still frozen in their places. The man Castiel was fighting has disappeared completely and Taylor is by Dean’s side, hackles raised and an angry snarl on her face. Castiel tries to figure out how the Empty is still alive; he thought they destroyed it when Billie sent Jack to its realm.
“I mean, I’ve known you and Dean have been dancing around each other for over a decade, I have eyes. But Cas, whoa, dude, you…”
This isn’t creepy right? For Castiel to be watching the man he had attacked just a few hours ago through his window? Perhaps if he got caught, it would be.
Just as hands begin slipping under the waistbands of boxers and gasps and broken pleas start falling from lips, the bedroom door swings open. Sam, mid-sentence about some lore he had discovered, glances up and drops the book he had been holding. Both men on the bed stare back at the moose, everyone seemingly frozen in place.
“What the fuck happened between you two anyway? Suddenly you just hated each other, after being connected at the...well, practically everything for a majority of our time at this school,” she asked innocently. And it was a valid question, no one really knew what happened between the two of them. As far as everyone knew, one day they just stopped talking.
“Y-yes, Castiel,” Dean croaked out just as Cas grabbed the remote off the bed and clicked the vibrations up to the next level and felt Dean’s muscles tense underneath him, his hips barely starting to move, rutting into the bed, desperately seeking friction. Cas reached down, gripping Dean’s hip, fingers digging in and holding the younger man still.
And right now, with Dean staying in this time loop with Castiel, not leaving him once, and even now charging ahead, Castiel knows it without a doubt.
All of this is an uncomfortable kind of familiar for her. It's too much like the time she spent reading
“A few hours, I think; I don’t really remember. What time is it?” he asked, though he still sounded a million miles away.
Still deep in thought, Castiel startles a bit when he hears Dean call out to him and Taylor from inside. He looks around to find Taylor roaming mindlessly while chasing a bug and wonders how long he was just standing here. Trying to get back to himself, he clicks his tongue at Taylor to follow him inside.
"No one looks to you for anything, anymore. No one cares. You’re nothing. You’re as empty as your name suggests," Castiel spits out, frustration turning to spiteful anger.
Castiel looks away from Charlie, thinking of all that has happened since she paid a brutal price in their efforts to deliver Dean from the curse. It is a reminder of all he hopes to keep Dean away from.
Dean shook his head, “Castiel, he’s uh, he’s in there as, fuck, Castiel,” Dean panted out. Bobby nodded, spotted the name and brought the phone up to his ear as he walked away.
"Your porn collection?" Dean asks in a suspicious tone, already looking like he knew exactly how full of shit Castiel really was. "And you just keep your porn collection under your window to, what, give it a little space?"
Dean falls to his knees in front of Cas, tears falling down his face silently, his hands shaking as he reaches forward to pluck the band from the box. He’s almost positive he can feel the spark from Cas’s grace weaving its way through the cool metal. He shyly slips the ring onto his finger and isn’t at all surprised at how warm and comfortable it instantly feels coiled around skin, like it was always meant to be there. Dean sits back on his heels staring down at his hand, unable and not wanting to hide the large grin that painted his features.
He stood up to leave, resigned to leaving Cas as a distant memory when suddenly he heard something crash down the hallway and then a door flinging open and hitting the wall with quite a bit of force.
Such as it is he tries opening his eyes but is only met with continued darkness, he panics slightly thinking maybe one of his injuries was worse than he thought and he had lost his vision. He doesn’t have time to really worry much as he quickly drifts back to sleep, relishing in the familiarity of the once frightening abyss.
“Fuck, please Castiel, ple-I have to, please, please please,” Dean cried out, doing everything he could to control the building pressure and impending release. Cas then picked up the pace, pulling out almost entirely then slamming back into Dean, hips bruising his ass from the impact. Dean yelled incoherently, clinging to his restraints, trying with every ounce of energy that he had left to keep his building orgasm at bay until he was given permission, wanting nothing more than to gain that praise from Cas again, to make him proud.
“That’s not true Cas, you know it,” Dean said quietly and placed a kiss on Cas's neck before snuggling back in and focusing on the movie. Cas stayed quiet, staring at the ceiling, mind reeling with the plan he’d been working on and what the next few weeks may look like. Maybe if he came out the other side he would do as Dean suggested. Maybe he could fix one of the biggest regrets he had.
It was still relatively early in the evening, the sun just starting to dip down behind the horizon, painting the sky with vibrant reds, oranges and purples. If you would have asked him a year ago Dean never would have listed Michigan as someplace with worthwhile sunsets, and how wrong he would have been. They had quickly become one of his favorite things about this unexpected hometown and Cas’s large balcony was now his new favorite spot to watch them.
"Shut it, Red. You love me." Dean tightens his arms around her to the point where he's a little worried he may actually have stopped her blood circulation but he figures it's alright if the way Charlie is hugging him right back is any indication. It hadn’t really been that long since they had seen each other, not even a full 24 hours, but the days have been strange lately, and a familiar face is always nice. Plus, as far as Cas knows, it has been years since they saw each other.
Before he could even comprehend what had happened Cas’ hand reached out, latched around the young man's bicep, and dragged him along as he walked across the club floor. Eyes a bit bewildered and confused at exactly how he had found himself being marched along by an unknown, unassuming looking man, the young man began spewing profanities and slurs at Castiel who simply rolled his eyes and continued walking toward the bar with the boy in tow. Castiel tossed him unceremoniously onto a leather bench seat against the wall and slid in next to him. Castiel hooked one leg underneath himself, resting one arm along the back of the seat, the other resting on the table, facing the young man who now sat crumpled in the corner, back against the wall, arms crossed, pouting like a petulant child, staring intently at the table top.
"When has anyone asked you to stay, just because they liked you? Face it. Your worth is tied up in that shimmering, blue pulsating light that used to flow through you. Without it, you
Instead of answering Dean only stared intently at Cas, who simply stared back, obviously unperturbed and unphased. After a minute or two Dean let out a loud, frustrated sigh and slammed a hand down on the table.
With a nod from Cas, Dean surges back in, their love-affirming kiss leaving the five most passionate, most pure kisses behind.
"We do. And this is something that the police can handle, Castiel." Hannah turns to Charlie. "I’m not sure why you think Castiel can help, but it’s not his job to spring a rescue mission when there’s an unknown entity." She looks at him again. "Don’t throw your career away for just one man. Let the professionals handle it."
“I really hate you sometimes, you know that right?” he asked as he begrudgingly got out of bed, angrily grabbing one of the blankets now on the floor to wrap around himself against the chill of the apartment.
Dean hesitates as if fighting with himself about what to say, but his face quickly shifts. "No, not really. Why?"
you, you know? Is that crazy?" Dean's rants are still as cute as they have always been, and it tugs at Castiel's heart to have to lie to him.
He should be hightailing it out of the room, not getting closer to the man. He needed to leave him alone, to spare Dean the pain and anguish that came with knowing Cas. He sat down on the hard chair he had been parked in for the last couple days, unmoving. Dean reached to the edge of his bed, clearly wanting Cas to take his hand. Cas stared at it, his own hands intertwined on his lap nervously and, when he glanced back up to Dean, his eyes were glossy with unshed tears.
I'm already breaking my previously stated posting schedule, it's a holiday here in the states today, so why not post the next chapter?
“I was young, Adam. Don’t you think I was fucking terrified?! I was fourteen when I watched my brother be murdered in front of me. I was sixteen when I started taking out those who killed him. I was seventeen when I found out one of them was someone both Michael and I had considered a close friend, hell, family even. I was twenty when I finally finished the job, when I finally killed the last man who had gone against my family. Two years later I walked away, placed a target on my back and just left, and do you want to know why Adam? Because I didn’t care if I lived or died anymore. I have so much blood on my hands; I’ve killed so many people and all before I was even legally considered an adult. I’ve done so much fucked up shit to people who didn’t deserve it. I never thought I would care about my own life again, how could I, after all I’ve done?” Cas was practically yelling now, the anger he had buried boiling over and flowing out of him freely with every word.
A clang of metal makes Taylor stop and reminds Dean that Castiel is in the middle of a sword fight. Trenton swings the sword at an alarmingly quick rate, leaving Castiel barely enough time to prepare for the next swing. Faking a left swing, Trenton tricks Castiel into exposing his right side. Taylor lets out a squeal of fright as the sword cuts a gash into Castiel's shoulder.
"And what ‘reputation’ would that be?" Castiel asks in a teasing voice, deliberately using the air quotes because of how much Dean gets annoyed by them, even though Castiel knows he secretly loves them and just acts annoyed to continue their long time friendly verbal duel about air quotes. Too bad Castiel is just as stubborn as Dean, if not more.
“Can I just say I haven’t missed you,” he said as he walked away. Bela simply smiled back innocently, so he huffed in annoyance and rolled his eyes as he turned his back to her.
“Yeah, it really is,” Bela said flippantly. Dean leaned forward, elbows resting on the table, head in his hands.
Cas just shrugs as he slows to a stop on the sidewalk. "Well then, which one am I?" he asks, a bit breathless. He’ll blame it on his jog if anyone asks but, run or not, he always seems to have trouble breathing properly around this particular neighbor. Not that it’s anything he would admit to.
“No reason I guess…” Dean trailed off and started to pile food on his plate. Maybe he was fine; maybe Dean was just reading too much into everything, overthinking as he was known to do.
"Someone took Dean!" she yells as soon as the door is open, glancing back over his shoulder nervously.
“Good. Now,” Cas’s tone had again taken on that dark and dangerous quality that made Dean’s dick pay very close attention, “that doesn’t mean I’m going to go easy on you. You left four articles of clothing, two shoes, and two crutches strewn about my apartment, did you not?”
Either way, the question leaves Castiel flustered, completely unprepared to talk about his bedroom with Dean of all people. As panic sets in, Castiel glances around the room, desperately searching for something to say. Feeling his cheeks start to heat, Castiel turns his attention to his feet and blurts the first thing he comes up with. "My pants!"
"It’s not going to work, Dean." Not-Meg smirks as she walks around Dean. "You see, Castiel made a deal. And I’m not happy when deals are broken."
If he’s completely honest he knew he was gone the moment Cas entered that old abandoned barn, sparks flying, gunshots ringing out, brilliant blue eyes, tousled dark hair and that god awful trench coat Cas was far too attached to. Dean will never forget when he plunged his knife into Cas’ chest. The fucker had glanced down at the blade impaling him, pulled it out and dropped it to the floor unceremoniously and then literally smirked back up at Dean, amused. From that moment Dean had only been lying to himself. He’s in love with Cas, and has been since day one.
“I’m glad you’re okay, Dean,” Cas said, his eyes flitting back up to Dean’s then quickly down again. Cas let out a sigh and started pacing the floor, hand coming up to the back of his neck, clearly anxious and uncomfortable.
"Taylor?" Dean calls. The dog doesn’t react. Hunter mode activates. He pretends to wave Taylor off and turns off the light. He lets his eyes adjust before slowly creeping towards his bedroom. From where he stands, he can’t quite tell what Taylor was hyper-focusing on. So he slowly crouches down to her level.
“Don’t you say her name, you did nothing to bring her back; you let her walk away,” Gabe said, voice bitter, “and now you’ve pulled Dean into this shit storm too. You put him in danger, and he’ll probably either end up dead or leaving! You think you’re some great protector, someone who dives into danger to ‘protect’ the ones you care about, but all you ever fucking do is drag them down with you! First me, then Anna, and now Dean. How the fuck haven’t you learned yet!?” Gabe panted, trying to calm himself down.
Dean was counting down the hours, the minutes, hell, even the seconds, until Cas said he would be back. Of course he had chosen the evening Dean’s punishment was due to be lifted to run a few errands that were apparently “extremely time sensitive” and “simply couldn't wait”. Dean had done everything short of getting down on his knees--or as close as he could--and begging Cas to stay. However, the man had been insistent on his need to “run out for a bit”, and Dean didn’t want to push his luck and extend his punishment.
"Y-yes," Castiel says. He glances back over to where Dean had disappeared in a huff and gives Charlie an awkward smile. "Would you like to join us, Charlie?"
Besides, even though Dean would never admit it, he's always dreamed about living the apple pie life.
The Empty cries out, shielding itself from the bright light. "No! You son of a bitch!" Cas watches as the brightness of his dying grace erases the shadow, removing all the darkness in which it can hide. "I just wanted quiet!"
He thought he remembered blue eyes, panicked and worried, crashing into his room, nurses pushing him out trying to calmly explain what had happened and what was going on, but he wasn’t sure.
There has to be some kind of door, some kind of portal that can wake him up. He just has to find it.
“Stop fucking protecting me! I’m a grown man, I can protect myself! Do you really think I’ve never had to!? What about the times you weren’t home and someone came calling for mom, or after you got kicked out? What? You think mom stopped with those guys!? Fuck no, I protected Anna from their sleazy glares and wandering hands, Cas! So stop using me as your excuse! Admit you’re fucking scared and not of this,” Gabe gestured around the small apartment, “you’re fucking terrified of being happy, of having Dean, of having someone that’s good for you because of how it ended with Ini--” Cas cut him off.
Charlie rolls her eyes. "Just don’t hand Cas over to be tortured," she says. But she’s too late. Dean has already gone under.
“Heya Sammy,” Dean says as he slides into the seat across the table from Sam with his own mug of coffee and a bowl of cereal. Grinning like a love sick teen.
As his pace began to become erratic and irregular, Dean clung to the carpet beneath him, his lungs burning with the lack of oxygen and his face a mess, not to mention his dick smashed against the metal bars, wanting nothing more than to fill and find release. When Cas’s hips stuttered, and he slammed back into Dean's abused mouth one last time, Dean swallowed down every possible bit of release that spurted down the back of his throat.
Castiel had noticed the young man the moment he had sauntered into the club: light brown short hair, sharp jawline, striking green eyes, defined cheekbones, wearing a leather jacket that was at least one size too big for his slender frame, over a faded t-shirt advertising some classic rock band Castiel couldn’t quite make out, dark jeans, and worn brown work boots. But none of that was originally what caught his attention. The reason Castiel had been keeping an eye on him the entire evening was because the young man seemed to be vibrating with reckless energy, strutting around like he owned the place, openly and unabashedly flirting with women who were clearly spoken for, often by men much larger than himself, clearly itching for trouble.
The next morning Cas dressed slowly, relishing the last morning for who knew how long in his nice apartment, with his nice clothes and comfortable bed that held memories of Dean. He dug out his old leather jacket, the one with the wings stitched into the back that shadowed the ink carved into his back. He shrugged it on over his worn graphic t-shirt--the one with a logo so faded he wasn’t even sure what it was supposed to be anymore--and his grey zip-up hoodie. He slipped into his rattiest pair of jeans that had made their home in the very back of his dresser over time and headed to the bathroom to dig out the jewelry he knew he still had somewhere.
Cas snuggles up to Deans side, “I’m glad you liked that idea,” he grins, proud of himself for his forethought. The images are of various friends, their family, Charlie, Jody, Donna and the girls, Bobby, Garth and his family. In each one individuals or various groupings are holding large poster board with one word scrawled on each, together they form the sentence, ‘turn around and say yes!’ in every single one their loved one are sporting huge, giddy grins. Jody is giving a thumbs up, Claire trying her best to look unamused, but the corner of her mouth is slightly turned up in a soft smile. Bobby with an uncharacteristic grin on his face, toasting the camera with his whisky glass. Garth's twins--now about two--hold their word high above their heads excitedly while Garth and Bess looked on lovingly.
“Wait…you’re a fucking teacher? Shit, we are screwed when those kids take over huh?” Dean teased, voice lazy with alcohol and sleep.
With the kind of work that Castiel's been doing lately, he's definitely been dealing with people that some might call... eccentric. He's been tasked with translating a series of texts from a private collection. Usually, one of the curators for the archiving company he contracts to would visit the home with a handheld scanner to ensure there's little to no damage to the client's texts as they digitize the writings that need translating.
“And most importantly it means I get to grow old with the love of my life, with the man I want next to me for the next 50 years or more. The man who has shown me what it means to not only be human, but how to be a righteous one. If you say yes it means I’ve gained a chance at real happiness, something I truly never thought was possible for me, and it wasn’t, not until hell where I first saw your soul shining brighter than anything I had ever seen, eviscerating the darkness and despair that fought to engulf it, I’ve wanted to be yours ever since that first glance. Dean Winchester, I love you more than I ever thought possible, please grow old with me, make memories with me for decades to come, please allow me to officially become a Winchester.” Cas’s voice finally cracks on the last word, what will hopefully be his new last name.
“Well, I did...she uh, I honestly don’t know if she’s even alive anymore,” Cas explained, his fingers trailing over the ink on his hip spelling out Anna’s name. Cas took a deep breath and continued, “When she was 15, and I was about twenty, she ran away. Gabe and I spent weeks scouring the streets for her, asking anyone we could if they had seen her. Eventually she reached out to me, she had made her way to Florida, was trying to make a life for herself away from us. Asked me not to contact her ever again. So I didn’t,” Cas said, his voice breaking at the end as he pulled Dean even closer and buried his face in Dean’s short hair.
"I... we could..." begins Castiel, stammering. He didn't expect Dean to actually respond to his tiny advance of a flirt, and suddenly he's in the pull of his way-too-fast speech. Now if his brain would please turn back on, that would be wonderful, thank you very much.
“Motherfucking ass--umph.” The young man tried lunging past Castiel who was still wedged between them and, having expected as much, had already grabbed the boy around his bicep and had started dragging him away before he could make contact.
Three strikes of cog onto the chain, and it's starting to give. Dean pulls back to hit it again, and he's blown back, the doors flying open in an explosion of splintered wood and body parts. Looking up, Dean finds Cas engaged in a...
"Um, no, of course not, I just— well, I forgot that I've already shifted my porn collection to the bedroom, as it should be. You know, the porn. And the things."
"Pie. Creature comforts." He pushes himself back up from the armchair. "Which reminds me, I told him I was looking for a bottle of whiskey." He sighs. "That I don't have."
Castiel’s chest is heaving with the exertion of his emotions and trying to free himself from the hold of a power he thought was defeated.
"I just…woke up in the middle of nowhere and," she shrugs her way through the lie, "figured I should look up my favorite non-brother."
The next few days Gabriel and Dean alternated sleeping on the couch or in the guest bedroom and watching over Cas, who didn’t move very far from his bed and bathroom. The first day or so was a bit awkward: Gabe and Dean skirting around each other with mumbled apologies, their mannerisms and small talk stiff, uncomfortable, much too formal and polite in comparison with how either man typically behaved.
“Cas, couldn’t you feel or hear my heartbeat or whatever, you’re an angel, can’t you just tell that stuff? Speaking of which, what's up with the bandages? Trying to teach me a lesson or something? Why haven’t you used your angel mojo to heal me yet man?” Dean asks, making sure his tone is light and jokey, adding in a chuckle at the end for good measure, even though, now that he thought about it, he was genuinely curious, usually Cas healed Dean immediately, not wanting to see him in pain or discomfort.
Castiel opens his eyes and looks over to Dean—the real Dean. The Dean who speaks in pop culture references that sometimes go over Castiel’s head. The Dean acts like a child at times but also cares so deeply about those he loves. Cares about the whole world… cares about Castiel.
“It’s a kraken. I thought it looked badass,” Dean explained, not meeting Cas’s eyes. Cas placed a finger under Dean's chin, lifting it so he was forced to make eye contact. Cas simply stared at him, eyebrow raised, knowing that was not the extent of this lovely piece of work. Dean sighed heavily and rolled his eyes.
“Now, Dean, remember: do not move and if you are close tell me, yell out yellow and I’ll back off until you give me the go ahead again. Do you understand?” Cas explained.
Cas felt the bed next to him dip as Dean slowly and carefully made himself comfortable on top of the blankets. He leaned back on the pillows before glancing over at Cas and finding striking blue eyes staring back at him.
What he isn’t certain of is whether or not anyone is ever going to come looking for him. Maybe the angels know what has happened and figure he isn’t worth their time to come save. With each passing minute and each new depraved thing Alastair decides to do to him he slides closer to that dark abyss that whispers promises to him about sweet comfort and happiness. Just as he’s resigned himself to his fate, and finally allows his heavy eyelids to flutter closed without the intention of opening them again, reaching for the warmth of nothingness that is quickly enveloping him, he hears something calling to him.
“I don’t know, do you think you’ve earned it? Do you think you deserve to come, Dean?” Cas asked, enjoying the way the other man was writhing underneath him, no longer punishing him for the movement.
“Dean, that part of me is aggression and mindlessly following orders and loneliness. I’m finally ready to give that up, to give up the eons of battle, of being bent to the will of others when they deemed me useful and discarded when I wasn’t. Instead I’m—hopefully—gaining a group of people who accept me as I am, who don’t try to make my inherent usefulness quantifiable based on some arbitrary scale. I’m gaining understanding, laughter and so much love I can’t even wrap my head around it,” a grin breaks out on his face and a chuckle escapes from his lips, giddy with the thought of what his life may be after tonight.
“Uh, I’m not sure, probably not, unless it’s mandatory or something,” Dean responded, his hand rubbing over the back of his neck uncomfortably.
On day four Cas called for Dean to come into his office. Dean had been in the middle of a movie he had seen a million times, but he still grumbled as he grabbed his crutches and headed into the small office. Cas motioned to the small couch in the corner and Dean took a seat, quietly waiting for Cas to tell him why he was there. When he finally pushed himself back from his desk and just stared at Dean from across the room, his dick made a valiant effort to get hard.
In the end, Dean settles for rubbing the ropes against each other. Fortunately, the knots are loose enough so he can shimmy his wrists around. It doesn't give him enough slack to completely free himself, but it does give him some freedom of movement, lets him stand up and do a strange sort of hop around to assess the situation.
“Castiel, what I’m telling you is that you are more than welcome to walk into Zachariah's camp and get lit up like a Christmas tree. They won’t listen to you, if you show your face you’re done, and you know that. But…if you join us, we can protect you and keep you as safe as possible while you infiltrate their side,” he explained, taking Cas by surprise.  Cas sat back in his chair and crossed his arms, trying to weigh pros and cons quickly in his head.
“Sam, please tell me you didn’t show Dean,” he asks, almost begging, needing this small mercy if he was expected to survive past this very moment.
The next few days were much of the same, and Dean got confident in his ability to actually handle this. He started getting a bit smug, and he was sure Cas could tell, given the increase in touching and grinding he was doing up against Dean, “accidentally”.
His eyes are drawn to Dean's home. As the front door opens, Dean's and Cas's gazes lock, blue eyes meeting green. Cas's heart is still beating a tattoo loud to his ears, but his apprehension melts. Dean jogs across the street until he is standing in front of Cas, Taylor at his side.
Cas remembers hearing somewhere, but he can’t quite place where, that “only fools go rushing in” but he’s definitely starting to think maybe it’s the fools who hold back and overthink their every move. Maybe he and Dean are fools, maybe this whole thing will crash and burn in an impressive fashion. Yet, right now, as Dean's eyes start to flutter shut, sleep overtaking him, his voice gruff and sleepy, words tripping over one another and slurring together as he tries to express his opinions on private vs. public schools for the kids they don’t yet have. Cas is almost positive that there is absolutely nothing foolish about this, about rushing in and grabbing hold of what they have, tightly and with both hands.
Dean doesn’t miss the giddy excitement that flashes in Alastair’s eyes as that one damn tear betrays him by slipping down his face, exposing the fact that he is truly terrified, but not only that, he is angry. Angry at himself for letting Alastair to get the upper hand, assuming it had been some misstep of his that had allowed Alastair to break free in the first place. Angry that he had once again fucked something up, in turn letting people down and breaking promises he had made. It seemed to be an ongoing theme in his life lately, messing up, chasing people away, hurting those he would do anything to protect and ultimately not being strong enough to be the man his father expected him to be, that Cas needed him to be, that Sam deserved him to be. Maybe this is where he really belongs, on the receiving end of Alastair’s torment, being punished for all the mistakes he’s made, atoning for the numerous innocent lives irrecoverably altered, almost always for the worse, simply because they had the misfortune of associating with one Dean Winchester. The thought that maybe he deserved this, that this would somehow balance the cosmic scales was somehow comforting to Dean, comforting in a way a lap belt might be comforting as a plane falls out of the sky, but right now Dean would take any small comfort he could scrape together.
“Come on Cas, you can look at my ink later, I want you now,” Dean all but whined. He leaned back in toward Cas but was stopped by a hand in his hair again, yanking him away which caused him to huff in annoyance.
“What are you doing? You don’t have to stay. I’m fine, Gabe,” Cas said, almost panicking at the thought of his brother staying for any extended amount of time. Gabriel simply shook his head and made himself comfortable.
“Yeah, okay. I think I’d like that, we could get something that needs some work maybe, make it our own,” Dean asks, voice shy and almost timid.
“Cas?” Dean croaked out, voice hoarse and gravelly. He wasn’t sure if he was really seeing the man he knew. Cas’s usually brilliant blue eyes were dim and underlined by dark, deep circles. His clothes were rumpled and it was clear he had been in them for days; he looked small and scared.
Fuck. Dean tried weighing pros and cons, but Cas’s soothing touches were making any thought nearly impossible, the prick, he knew what he was doing. Dean instead tried figuring out what he wanted this second. He really didn’t feel like getting all worked up, especially for over an hour; he was sleepy and comfortable and really just wanted to stay right here while Cas played with his hair and kept touching him so sweetly. Decision made.
The bartender handed him his drinks and he practically ran back to the safety of his dark, secluded table. Bela, of course, noticed the near-frenzied state Dean was suddenly in when he handed her drink over and sat down. She started looking out over the room, trying to piece together who may have sent her tablemate into a panic; then her eyes landed on him and a wicked grin spread over her face.
“Uh, yeah...yeah I guess we should,” Dean agreed, dropping his gaze to the table top and picking at the cheap vinyl tablecloth with his thumb nail.
But he knows he has to. Even if it kills him inside, he knows he has to. So that's exactly what he does.
“Mmm, don’t fool yourself sweet boy, it will happen again, I know it will and you know it will, but that’s what makes this so much fun. I love a challenge and that’s precisely what you are: a deliciously stubborn and snarky brat who will no doubt press all of my buttons and test my patience endlessly, and I couldn’t be looking forward to it more. As long as you try your very best to be my good boy when you know it counts then all the misbehavior and sass I’ll have to put up with will be well worth it. Can you do that for me Dean? If we move forward with this can you do your best to make me happy and be my good boy?” Cas asked, voice still intense, still commanding, but laced with what Dean thought was possibly affection. It wasn’t something overly familiar to him, but he was almost positive that’s what it was and by god did he want to hear more of that from Cas’ mouth, so the answer was an easy one.
“Uh, I just kind of happened upon it, I swear. I didn’t even put two and two together until reading through everything…” at that confession Cas lets out a groan and stumbles to the nearest chair, collapsing into it, his head in his hands.
He had never been one to touch just because: casual grazes as he passed in the kitchen, gentle and unexpected kisses to foreheads, necks, cheeks when getting out of bed or up off the couch, arms wrapping around waists from behind, none of that had been for him, before Cas. Now he found himself doing almost anything in his power to initiate those small moments, and soaking them up when Cas did so unprompted. He would never get enough of Cas, would never tire of the spark every single time their skin so much as brushed against the other, and it was with that thought that Dean realized he was completely and hopelessly in love with this dark, dangerous, genuine, adorably sweet man.
Charlie was the only person who knew the truth about Cas’s past. Dean had cleared it with him, explaining that he needed someone to talk to that knew the truth while he was off doing God knows what for an undetermined amount of time. Cas had agreed and sat down with both Dean and Charlie and explained, briefly, who he used to be. Thankfully she took it in stride and had essentially the same reaction Dean had: that he wasn’t his past and that who he was now was more important. She hadn’t been as thrilled with the plan he was currently enacting but, then again, neither was Dean.
“Becky, can I please steal Mr. Winchester from you?” the familiar gravely voice asked. The request really sounded more like a command due to his no nonsense tone.
"True, Dean does appreciate the simple pleasures. But that's not what I'm talking about." She gestures circles in the air, indicating the house and beyond. The world around them. "The suburbs, really? That's not Dean's happiness. Why are you two in separate houses? There's something you're not telling me, Castiel."
"Yeah, she's adorable, alright. Though, don't go saying that to her; she has a reputation to maintain, after all." Dean smirks while taking a sip of his beer. Castiel has always loved their playful banter and this just proves how precious they are to him, including their talks and the time they spend together. He wouldn't trade this for the world.
Charlie bolts awake and looks over at the bodies of Dean and Castiel laying nearby. She knows that they won’t wake up. Cas due to being stuck in the dream world, and Dean from being too damn stubborn to leave Cas stuck in that hellhole by himself.
“Just hold me...pl-please,” Cas stuttered out, eyes brimming with tears when he looked over his shoulder at Dean.
Alastair definitely notices the single tear that escapes from Dean's eye, making its way down the hunters flushed and dirty cheek, a single small reward before he even really even starts. He knows the eldest Winchester had been completely and utterly broken during his time in hell, knows those images, smells, and sounds are still playing with his head, knows he hasn’t forgotten every grueling detail. Alastair can’t lie to himself; he’s almost giddy at the prospect of breaking this man down again, piece by piece, slowly and methodically. To hear his screams again, to hear him beg for sympathy that he was well aware he would never get, to watch his face become drenched with his warm salty tears. Alastair can’t forget how wonderfully this particular human fell apart and he has been craving it since the day that damned angel had pulled him out of the fire.
“Dean,” she said, her tone sending a chill down Dean's spine, “that was a long time ago. I grew up; so did you.” He knew she was right, even if he wouldn’t admit it to her.
Taylor lifts her head and pants happily at Dean. He smiles back at her until she jerks her head to the right and lets out a low growl. Dean’s eyes snap over to where Taylor is focused, searching the dense trees for movement or any indication of why the hell his dog is suddenly on high alert. Seeing nothing, he grabs her leash and redirects her attention back toward the house, their pace a bit quicker and more purposeful.
While she was alive, Charlie was Dean's closest and most trusted friend right after Sam. Castiel knows perfectly well how much her death had hurt Dean. Dean doesn't even have his memories right now, doesn't know anything about being a hunter or about Charlie. Not only will Charlie be smart enough to pick up on Dean's amnesia quickly, it also seems cruel to take away Dean's best friend yet again.
The rest of their day was spent lounging around the apartment, smoking, playing video games, and ordering bad Chinese food. It was exactly what Dean needed to keep his mind off Cas. He still checked his phone too often, still hoping to make some type of plan to see the man again, but Charlie always noticed when he picked up the device and gave it a frown, pulling him back into whatever they were doing at the time. Dean really didn’t know what he would do without her, well, yes he did, he would be out looking for fights, hooking up with random people, taking too many drugs from unknown dealers, and overall being his usual self-destructive self.
“Check in at the table Dean! I’ll come find you later to catch up,” Becky shouted over her shoulder as she was whisked away. Dean sighed and ran a hand down his face as he walked over to the table Becky had indicated. There were posters propped up along the back of the table covered with old pictures, spanning the four years his graduating class had spent at the school. His eyes roved over them as he quickly wrote out his name on a name tag and stuck it on his shirt rolling his eyes. He continued looking over the pictures, grinning at those containing people he recognized, sparking memories to quickly flash to the surface. Just as he started drifting away, toward the main room, his attention was drawn to a younger version of himself. He was glaring up at the camera, clearly not thrilled with whoever was wielding it, even though it had probably been Charlie. After all, she was the only one brave enough back then to ignore Dean’s grumbling and overall shitty personality. In the picture he had a cigarette in hand, his old, brown leather jacket on, and a beautiful blue-eyed boy next to him with an arm slung over his shoulders. The other boy gazed up at the camera with a wide genuine grin plastered across his face and dark hair that stuck up in random directions--it had always been a mess, but Dean could clearly remember his hands tangled in it just minutes before the picture was taken, making it even more of a disaster than usual. He glanced around to make sure no one was paying any attention to him and plucked it off the board, shoving it into his pocket.
He slipped into the large gymnasium and glanced around. The decorations were typical of any reunion, or high school dance for that matter. Streamers in the colors of their alma mater were twisted together and wrapped around door frames, hung from the basketball hoops, and plastered in what appeared to be random designs across the painted concrete walls. There was music playing, tables scattered throughout the room in no discernible pattern or order, leaving a sort of dance floor in the middle just in case anyone felt the need to dance. There was, however, also a makeshift bar along the wall to his right,
Cas let out a huff that sounded more like a chuckle, he couldn’t help it, he was happy, elated, for maybe the first time ever, at least for the first time without ramifications. “Dean, I already bared my soul to you, I already laid myself bare to you and said all I could possibly say on the matter, but I suppose that wasn’t enough. Dean Winchester, you are the most important person to me, the reason I am who I am. You’ve taught me about true strength and hope and most importantly compassion and love. I love you and would very much like to, what do the kids call it, ‘go steady’ with you.”
“We shouldn’t do it here, at least I would rather not,” Cas said, glancing around the rapidly filling room.
"Oh, yeah? Maybe I will," Dean playfully challenges him, his dog still looking very much at home sitting there, pressed up closely against Dean's leg.
“Well, I wanted to wait to get into this until we knew each other a bit better, but that obviously isn’t going to happen right now. Dean, do you know what BDSM is?” Cas asked, his face neutral, his arms rested on his knees as he leaned slightly toward Dean, fingers knotting together.
“Ah, those are Celtic symbols. The first one symbolizes hope, the next family, then courage and finally love, things I want, things I have been trying to find my entire life,” Dean said, voice filled with longing.
Making a small sound, Dean says, "Yeah, yeah, I get that, but it's been a while since I read the book. How many chapters are there?"
Sam had found some simple ‘milk run’ type case that was far enough away to keep the brothers occupied for a weekend, but simple enough that there wasn’t really much worrying on Cas’s end. Dean had asked about a thousand questions as to why Cas wasn’t joining them, he had made some poor excuse of Jack needing his help with some errant angels in heaven.
“Now, now, Castiel, why so hostile? We’re on the same side, or at least we should be,” Adam explained calmly. “You see, Zachariah is trying to take over control with a few others that are all after you. They were all part of Lucifer's crew, or their kids, or siblings, you get it. We,” Adam indicated between the four of them in the apartment, “are all on the good side, the side trying to avenge Michael and do what he wanted. No needless violence or wars in the streets, keep to ourselves, do our thing without causing too many problems.”
Dean started placing light kisses across Cas’s neck, down to his collarbone, nibbling as he went, his hands lifting Cas’s own shirt, grasping onto his hip bones. Suddenly Cas’s hand was in his hair tugging his head back, his mouth on Dean's neck, placing an open mouthed kiss right behind his ear, then lightly sucking, eliciting a moan from Dean and subsequently a chuckle from Cas.
“Well then, I guess we should start telling people huh? Who should we tell, who do we want there? We can have everyone over next weekend to celebrate, if that's okay with you,” Dean asks, getting a bit ahead of himself and causing Cas to grin at his overly excited and exuberant fiancé.
As Dean slowly starts coming back to himself, he’s sure he’s dead. He’s going to wake up in heaven or maybe even hell again. He can just barely hear a voice in the distance, but he can’t make out who it could possibly be or what they are saying. They sound about a hundred miles away so he allows himself to drift back into the black inky comfort he’s come to appreciate.
The next day the chills and nausea started almost simultaneously. Cas curled in on himself, looking much too small in his big bed under piles of blankets as he tried to get warm but knowing he wouldn’t.
“Hey Becky! How have you been?” Dean asked over-excitedly, throwing an arm around her shoulders, making a show of obviously being involved in a conversation with the woman.
“Cas, why the hell do you think you don’t have me man? How can you possibly think for even a second that I don’t love you too?” Dean asked, a brief flair of anger coloring his tone, one clearly born of frustration and fear rather than actual anger.
"Well," Cas starts, and then pauses. "I do work in customer service. Speaking with weird strangers is sort of, as one might put it, 'in the job description’."
The warm light of the setting sun softens the neighborhood before Dean finally steps out to walk Taylor.
“Okay, thank you Dean. I really…I appreciate it,” Cas said, glancing over at Dean with a shy grin. Dean leaned over the gear shift and placed a gentle kiss on Cas’s stubbly cheek before trailing a line of kisses down his neck and nuzzling into him. Cas giggled and wiggled out from Dean’s reach, damn seatbelt.
Dean shrugs. He does the lime-and-salt routine, licks his hand, and shoots the dream root swill. "Still tastes like ass." He settles back to drop into unconsciousness, but makes sure his fingers are firmly entwined with Cas’s.
“Hmm, I dunno Cas,” Dean starts as he glances at Cas, giving him his best self-assured and cocky grin, “you’re already kind of a grumpy old man, what are you going to be like in twenty or thirty years? I’m not sure I can handle an even older and grumpier Castiel,” Dean says, a smug grin not quite as effective as usual due to the softness his features take on when talking about growing old together.
"The good news, I guess," Sam says from Cas’s side. Sam clears his throat. "The good news is that his heart rate’s steady, he’s breathing easily, everything’s back to normal." A frustrated sigh and a shake of his head punctuates his assessment. "It’s back to what we’ve been doing all this time. Waiting. Trying to find another way."
Cas tried to weigh the pros and cons of following the boy, that small voice yelled at him to turn the fuck around and hightail it back to the safety of his own space, to leave the young man alone. Cas shrugged, reasoned he had never been one to follow directions well and quickly took off after him. Before the young man got too far another patron was clumsily shoved into him which caused their sugary and brightly colored drink to spill down the back of the boys shirt. Almost as soon as the liquid soaked into the fabric of his flannel he had spun around, arm raised ready to retaliate. Instead of the sloppy partygoer he expected he found himself face to face with Cas, who’s left eyebrow was raised questioningly, clearly broadcasting that his current action was not one he should continue. The young man scoffed, rolled his eyes and forcibly shoved past Cas, making a show of aggressively pushing the older man out of his way.
Castiel closes his eyes and he can see the crisp morning with falling apple blossom petals and the neighbors waking up to perform their routine morning tasks. It would be easy—oh, so easy—to go back to all of that. Just a few more seconds and Castiel could be back to translating for his client and awkwardly flirting with Dean.
Cas allows Dean’s voice to envelop him. The words wind around his torso, snake between his ribs, and blanket him in warmth and peace like he’s never known. He faintly hears Gabe begin to chant, reading off the translation in his hands clearly and methodically, his words intertwining with Dean’s quiet pleading. As Gabe’s words fade, Dean’s come in clearer and closer as the warmth from his hand on Cas’s becomes heavier and solid.
“Because Dean, you’re different. I can already tell. You’ve been here more than once, longer than just a few hours. You’re not some oversized steroid loving asshat who thinks they’re above everyone else. Sure, you have an attitude and I can easily see how you’d be infuriating from time to time, but you’re sweet. You obviously care deeply about people; you have a kind of softness to you that doesn’t detract from your sharper edges. You’re a lot like the person Cas had before...the one who I think could have made him believe that he was worthy of love,” Gabriel’s gaze dropped to the floor as he let out a shaky sigh before looking back up at Dean, his eyes focused and intense, but brimming with unshed tears.
Castiel had kept his distance, watching from a private booth in the corner, as the young man--closer to a boy really--consumed drink after drink, becoming increasingly drunk and even more boisterous and cocky. When Castiel noticed him slide up behind a gorgeous young woman clad in an almost too short, skin tight black dress, his hands immediately dropped to her waist as he whispered something in her ear, clearly trying to convince her of something she wanted no part of. She shook her head and pulled away, the young man letting her go, thankfully, only to turn and be met with a wall of a man who was not happy. Before he knew what he was doing, Castiel was walking quickly across the floor, stepping between the two men who had begun shoving at one another.
“Good boy. Arm please,” he said as he again fashioned a cuff from the rope, secured it, then checked to be sure it wouldn’t injure Dean. When he was finished, he took a step back, looking over the man now spread out on his bed, deep green eyes peering up at him through dark lashes, full lips slightly parted as Dean practically panted with anticipation.
“Castiel,” Dean starts, the sudden sincerity in his tone captivating Cas who stares down at Dean, not moving from where he hovers over him. “Of course I’ll marry you, I’ve never wanted anything more. And if it’s really what you want, if you're totally sure, then of course I’ll accept your grace laced ring. Cas, you’ve been a Winchester for a long time, but I would love nothing more than to finally make that official, but just know, that means you’ll legally be related to Sammy, you may want to seriously rethink that,” Dean says, face serious like that was a completely valid reason to not do this.
After asking for clarification Dean had turned his head just enough to crack an eye open and glance up at Cas staring down at him. “Please say something, don’t leave me standing here like an idiot,” Dean trailed off, still staring up at Cas, face unsure. How could this man be unsure of how Cas felt in this moment, after he had just practically given Cas the chance at having literally the only thing he wanted for the rest of his existence.
“As if. Come on, man, spill. Tell dear ol’ Charlie what’s wrong,” she tried again, giving Dean her best puppy dog eyes. They were no match for Sam’s, but Charlie knew Dean was weak.
Alright friends, this chapter and the next are probably two of the darkest and most intense chapters of the story. I'm going to preface it all by saying 1. I've made John Winchester a complete and total sadistic asshole, I know this is not at all how he is depicted in the actual show of spn...but I took creative liberty so don't come at me about it, it's simply for the purpose of this particular story. 2. MIND THE TAGS & WARNINGS, I don't want any of you to be triggered or overly upset by anything I write, the next couple chapters are upsetting, please take care of yourselves.
“Dean whatever-your-middle-name-is Winchester, if you don’t answer my very important question I swear I will smite you right here. I swear on my father,” Cas exclaims, unable to hide the frustration and impatience in his tone. Sure of what Dean's answer is going to be, but still needing to hear it.
No new warnings, but Cas does have a bit of a breakdown in the start of the chapter. There's also some PTSD type responses and brief mentions of Cas's self-harm due to the withdrawal a few chapters ago, but it ends with the promise of some smut (which you'll get next chapter!)
“Mmmm, that’s what I like to hear,” Cas purrs, as he works his way down Dean's body, slowly learning the spots that make the man writhe under him, those that make him moan and whine and committing them to memory.
With that thought he makes a promise to himself that he knows will probably be easier to keep than the previous ones he’d told himself. If he gets out of this somehow he’ll tell Cas how he feels, or at the very least make sure he knows how much he likes having him around, how appreciated he is, how glad Dean is that Cas had gripped him tight and raised him from perdition. That he’s grateful this angel saved him every single day since Dean had dug himself out of that shallow grave.
“Hey there...Dean right?” Chuck asked. It took everything in Dean not to roll his eyes at the little man as he reluctantly returned the handshake. Chuck knew damn well who he was, everyone did.
He's grateful for the interruption and reaches to scratch Taylor behind her ears. "Can I give her a treat?" he asks Dean. Castiel takes a step back from the doorway, and Taylor follows, her ears perked up.
The next time he wakes up feels a bit more normal, no gasping for breath, no dazed comprehension, just eyes slowly flicking open, the lingering pain of injuries seeping into his awareness and for the first time he notices his stomach grumbling. How long has it been since he ate or drank anything? He assumes Cas wouldn’t have let him go longer than a few days, but he didn’t eat, so maybe he forgot Dean needed to. He groans as he slowly rolls onto his back, he is sore and achy, his wounds pull and some send off shooting pain in protest to being disturbed, by the time he is on his back he is panting, trying to breath through the pain radiating from his right shoulder, back. left thigh and hip. He closes his eyes, finds whatever resolve he has and forces himself to sit upright, head swimming a bit at the sudden change, Dean gives himself a minute to acclimate and steady his breathing once again. This was for the birds, he just wanted to get out of bed and go to the bathroom and find something to eat, this should not take him an hour to accomplish, why did he still hurt? He realizes he never had gotten a full rundown of his injuries from Cas, remembering their last conversation made Dean pause his seemingly futile attempts of leaving the bed, instead remembering the weary look on Cas’ face, the exhausted body language, how he had snapped at Dean when he had just tried thanking him for his valiant rescue, what the hell was that about? Dean had been trying to say thank you, had been trying to make sure Cas knew he was grateful and appreciated him, and Cas had interrupted and told him to fucking stop? Dean knew in the back of his mind that he shouldn’t be angry at Cas, that he obviously had stuff of his own he was dealing with, but Dean is angry, at Cas, at Alastair, at his damn body that doesn’t seem to want to heal or work correctly even after what seemed like weeks of unconsciousness.
“Of course, Cas. I will always tell you if something is too much, or pushing me further than just frustration or annoyance. I promise, with everything I have, okay? I swear Cas…I’ll tell you,” Dean agreed, brushing his thumb over the back of Cas’s hand still perched on his thigh.
"Well, we’re here now. We’ve been through much together, and because of it, you’ve made me who I am. And I thank you for that." Cas tilts his head slightly to the side and moves forward. Dean gasps as their lips meet, and when Cas tries to pull away, Dean follows. "Dean," Cas whispers once Dean finally lets them part, "I didn’t realize this is a kissing story."
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said quietly while he shuffled over to the couch and nestled in under a few blankets. He laid down and turned so he was facing the back of the couch, his back toward the room, trying to hide the few tears that made their way down his face silently before he drifted off to sleep.
As they hoisted it off him, the pain knocked the breath out of Dean. Suddenly he could feel every single break and tear in his bone and muscle. He fell back and let out a guttural scream, not giving a flying fuck about any crap the guys would give him for being a baby about it. He was pretty sure every single nerve ending in his leg was on fire.
“Good morning sunshine; how ya feeling?” Gabe’s much too peppy voice greeted him, Dean only moaned in response. As he did, a cold water bottle landed on his face, making him yelp and jerk back, which led to him clattering awkwardly to the floor.
He wiped away the tears pooling in his eyes and looked at the clock, startling at the time; he was definitely going to be late. His hand went to his new bracelet again as he thought it was so worth being a few minutes late if it meant he now had some tangible reminder of the man he loved. He grabbed his coffee and sprinted out the door after tucking Cas’s note into his wallet and tossing the box into his room.
Just as he predicted, the birds begin their morning song, and neighbors soon emerge to start their day. He waves at the few who notice him until he reaches a familiar house. He smiles as a golden shaggy dog happily trots out the front door, followed by her yawning, half-dressed owner, Dean.
“Whoa, what? Did he say that? I’ll kick his ass Dean, I will,” Charlie said as she sat up on the bed, anger in her eyes. Dean knew she would, she could handle herself, he had seen it before. She had always been his protector when she thought he needed it, whether he asked for it or not.
“Hello Dean,” he responds, his voice calm and steady. “So, I uh, Sam tells me that you may have…” before he can form the questions he wants to ask Dean is crashing into him. His strong hands tangling in Cas’s hair, his soft lips pressed against Cas’s own and his strong thighs straddling Cas's lap.
The Empty, wearing Meg’s face, looks absolutely disgusted with the display of affection from Taylor, the reciprocation from Cas, and the look of disbelieving adoration on Dean’s face.
"I should have asked you to stay," Dean says, and his voice is full of the purest pain. "But I couldn’t." He isn’t talking to Castiel.
While he was lost in his realizations, Cas had snuck in unnoticed and, when the bed dipped next to Dean, he just about leapt up and off it. Cas chuckled as Dean glared at him and attempted to get his heart to stop beating out of his chest.
The rest of the night was spent with Dean writhing under Cas’s ministrations, begging for what he felt he needed with tears streaming down his face, unashamed, all the while knowing Cas would give him exactly what he needed exactly when he needed it. The night ended with murmured adoration, reassurances from Cas that Dean was beautiful and perfect while Cas’s strong arms pulled him close and held him tightly, securely. All the while Cas made sure Dean knew without a doubt that he was cared for, safe and the most precious and important person to him, not only in that moment, but always. They laid in bed tangled up in each other, both of them biting back the same three words as their lips got lazy and their minds became heavy and hazy with sleep as they drifted off.
“Yes dear ‘Angel of Death’, we know, slow, painful death yadda yadda. The point is, Dean is a weak spot. If we know about him, you can bet your ass Zachariah’s men do too. Would you rather have him protected by us, or killed by them, Castiel? That’s really the only question here,” Adam said as he lifted himself gracefully off the couch and strode across the small space toward the door.
That’s why he had started drinking more that first day, just to calm his nerves, to maybe help him sleep a bit, to quiet his anxiety. That’s what he told himself anyway. It’s why he had contacted some old “friends'' and obtained something stronger to help him sleep the third day, and eventually something to help keep him awake the day after that, since he couldn’t sleep anyway. He knew this was a slippery slope, he knew he was in dangerous territory contacting people from his old life again, and he knew it made him an easier target, but it would help in the long run, at least that was what he told himself.
On the afternoon of the second day sharing space, looking after Cas, Dean was lounging on the couch, some dumb after school special playing on the TV that he wasn’t really watching while he mindlessly scrolled on his phone. He heard Cas’s bedroom door softly click shut followed by Gabe’s bare feet padding down the hallway. Their routine over the last couple days included one of them relaxing on the couch, the other either in Cas’s room with him or hiding out in the office, each giving the other their space. Today however, Gabe flopped down on the couch next to Dean, apparently making the decision that they were done with the niceties and awkward, polite silence.
Of course—Anna had fallen from heaven because she had wanted to know what it would be like to be human, to settle her roots somewhere and grow. It was natural that her grace would reflect her desires. Would plant itself into the ground and sprout into a magnificent tree.
The embarrassing truth is that Castiel keeps forgetting to buy provisions, and the only thing in his cupboards is an open jar of peanut butter. "Okay. I accept your gracious offer." He tells himself he’s not saying yes because he misses watching Dean eat.
Dean pulled back, his face flushed and eyes dark, he rested his forehead on Cas’s and closed his eyes, “Cas, you really are dumb sometimes you know that?” Dean chuckled and shook his head.
“Nothing would make me happier Mr. Winchester,” Cas manages to croak out as he stares back down at his hand. “Let’s do it soon,” Cas blurts out then looks up questioningly at Dean.
“Shit, fine Charlie; it’s gone okay? I’ll put it away,” Dean conceded and tucked it into the bottom drawer of his nightstand. Charlie watched him settle it under a couple books and rolled her eyes. She would have to pay closer attention to him the next few days. She knew first hand how quickly the man could spiral and how hard he tended to land after the come down.
“Excuse? An excuse? Are you fucking kidding me with that? Gabe, you...you know what that did to me, it ruined me, and you were there to watch me try to pick up the pieces, and fail, countless times. So okay, maybe I do tend to use one of the worst moments of my life as a reason to not get close to anyone else, so what?” Cas asked, accusingly. Gabe ran a hand down his face, trying to calm himself down and actually think before speaking, something he wasn’t admittedly known for.
Each night he had flung himself onto his shitty twin mattress and tossed and turned, unable to sleep with the near constant sirens and occasional gunfire outside his window. He had gotten soft, this used to be his normal, the sounds that comforted him and lulled him to sleep every night, now they made him anxious and stressed him out. He needed to get his shit together and his head in the right space if he was going to survive this. As he was right now, he wouldn’t last a week.
He pulled into the parking lot, the Impala’s engine rumbling loudly, and found a suitable parking spot. He turned the engine off and sat there for a few minutes watching others walk inside, a large banner hung over the doors welcoming them all back, like they wanted to be stuck in the same small town ten years after being told to fly and be free and make something of themselves. It appeared most of his old classmates walking across the parking lot had someone on their arm, a spouse or significant other, so they had that going for them, more than Dean had that was for damn sure. Dean heaved a heavy sigh as he opened his squeaky door and headed inside, not really ready to make awkward small talk with people he didn’t really care to talk to about things he really didn’t care to talk about.
"Charlie." Castiel squints at her, unsure as to why she was in his house, and not weaseling her way into Dean’s. "It’s been a while."
“So, uh, not the talkative type? Or did I do something in one of our limited interactions to offend and/or piss you off?” Gabe asked, not sounding the least bit concerned about Dean’s answer.
Sammy was off at school and didn’t need him anymore, his dad left in the middle of the night without warning or any inclination of where he took off to, and his mom was dead. He had no one else. So, if this handsome man in front of him thought he could break him, thought he could throw something at him that John hadn’t already, then he would take it willingly because that’s what he had been trained to do; it was the one thing he had left. At least he wouldn’t be cold and in a ditch somewhere at the end of it, at least he hoped he wouldn’t be, but if his twenty-two years of life had taught him anything, it was that he only ever got what he knew he deserved.
Instead Dean did what he did best and decided to double down, sitting up straighter, crossing his own arms and trying his best to mimic the look on Cas’ face, with the addition of a snarky smirk.
He wanted to do something special for their technical one year anniversary. After taking Chuck’s powers away and funneling them into Jack, Dean and Sam had worked with the new God to quiet the empty back down and in return had gotten Cas back.
“Yeah, Sammy, Sam, he hates when I call him Sammy, is my younger brother, four years younger,” Dean said, voice taking on a tone of sorrow and longing as he spoke about his brother. “He, uh, he actually just left for school, Stanford, full ride; kid’s a genius.” Dean chuckled, a proud smile on his face.
“Okay, slow down, Dean. I’m thrilled that you think you want this, but how about we go over what that actually entails before you sign your soul away, eh?” Cas chuckled, enjoying the boy's enthusiasm, but he knew better than to rush into anything, especially if both parties weren’t explicitly clear on the expectations and rules on both sides. “It’s getting late and this is a conversation best left for when we are both clear headed and well rested. So, how about we meet back up tomorrow for lunch and discuss it then? That will give us both time to think it over without the influence of the other as well,” Cas proposed.
“Yeah, but your class president asked me for help...we are kind of together,” she loudly whispered. Dean racked his brain trying to remember who the hell their student body president had even been when Chuck walked into the little entryway and slipped his arm around her waist. His smile didn’t quite reach his eyes as he held his hand out to Dean.
“Good morning Dean,” Sam responds, glancing at Cas as he slides in next to Dean with a shy smile. “Look, I’m glad you two finally figured out this thing,” he gestures between the two men, “but guys, I have to sleep at some point, can you maybe keep it down a bit, or at least try being somewhat quiet during normal sleeping hours?”
“I can promise you I am not in a state to try explaining this eloquently, but I’ll do my best,” Gabriel prefaced. Dean chuckled despite the sudden dread that had prickled across his skin.
" he calls out, and even knowing he won't remember that she was there yesterday, because she left the dream world, it still makes her squirm a little to lie to him.
All too soon Cas got up, gently pulling out of Dean and placing a kiss on each dimple on Dean’s lower back, humming contentedly as he did. After tying off and disposing of the condom, Cas made quick work of the rope attached to Dean's arms, kissing the inside of each wrist after undoing the rope, checking them over for any injuries and seeing none. He looked down at Dean, a warm smile spreading across his face as the younger man cracked open an eye and glanced up at him, a pleased and content smile plastered on his face.
“Uh, is this Dean’s Cas?” a gruff voice asked. He could hear someone yelling in the background. Cas would deny how his heart fluttered at the words “Dean’s Cas”.
"You sure you’re okay?" Dean asks while scratching behind Taylor’s ears, her tongue lolling out of her mouth with a contented glaze over her eyes. As Cas watches, she slowly melts into the floor, rolling over to her back, paws straight up in the air, causing both him and Dean to laugh, breaking the underlying tension that had begun to fill the room.
Castiel takes out a knife and brings out a dollop of peanut butter. Even before he sets it down, Taylor has already pushed her nose onto Castiel's hand, taking the knife with her.
He sends up a brief, wordless prayer to Jack, uses the space of a blink to send every emotion he feels right now, every ounce of need, desperation and hope he would usually never admit to out loud. He knows the kid said he'd be hands off, knows he's held to that. There's been complete radio silence since they parted ways. But right now Dean needs to believe in something, to grab at any lifeline that might keep him from sinking, and drag Castiel above water with him. He won't let go of Cas until they reach solid ground, or sink. However this ends, they end it together.
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” Dean asked, flinging his phone down on the couch next to him, annoyed and frustrated. Gabe shrugged and paused the barely begun show.
“Yes, Castiel,” Dean answered and was rewarded with Cas’s finger finally pushing in, up to his second knuckle, causing Dean to groan loudly. He just barely caught himself from pushing back into Cas’s hand, wanting more. Before long, a second finger was added, Cas scissoring them, opening him up expertly and efficiently now. Dean was putting almost all of his energy into staying perfectly still, whining and groaning in place of writhing and rutting. Suddenly Cas’s fingers were gone, leaving Dean feeling empty and wanting.
“Uh, yeah, I drew a rough version and the tattoo artist and I worked together to finalize it,” he said as he shrugged like it was no big deal.
As he had unpacked the food Cas noticed the name placed on the order. It wasn’t Castiel...it was “Angel” and that made his blood run cold. Someone knew who he was, knew his past, and clearly wanted to send a message that they knew exactly where he lived now. Images of Dean being used for leverage instantly flashed through his mind. He knew what these people were capable of; shit, he had been one of them for well over a decade. He had enough blood on his hands, had done depraved things, but he had thought he was done now. He had washed his hands of it. He wouldn’t allow Dean to be pulled into it, so he had to keep his distance. After today, he would be smarter, and wouldn't put the young man at risk just for his own pleasure.
Dean had to take a minute or ten to compose himself before he opened the small green box, and another few minutes after he did so. Inside was a simple leather bracelet, three or four inches across, a light brown that almost perfectly matched Dean’s freckles with a simple silver buckle to secure it to his wrist. He put it on almost immediately and only then did he notice the small wings stamped into the leather, an exact replica of Cas’s tattoo across his back. He ghosted his fingers over this small detail, wishing, not for the first time, that Cas was there with him.
This wasn’t the same. Dean had had an accident, no one was after him. He would get patched up, be sent home, and be fine. So, why was Cas so angry? Why was he seething and scrubbing his hands again, like he had done eighteen years ago?
He’s quickly pulled back to the present by Dean's full lips gently meeting his, his arms wrapping around Cas’s waist, pulling him in close. In all the excitement they had both ended up on their feet, standing in the middle of their room; lights still twinkling around them. Cas allows himself to get lost in the kiss, hands coming up to the back of Dean's head, nails slightly digging into his scalp and pulling gently on the other man's short hair eliciting a groan from Dean that Cas eagerly swallows down.
“In case you didn’t notice, I won’t really be getting anywhere quickly for quite a while,” Dean shrugged and threw back the blankets to reveal his leg that had been wrapped and casted complete with hardware sticking out of it, all to keep it in place so it would heal correctly.
on how he wants nothing more than just to hold him while they spend the rest of their evening on the couch with their arms around each other, thank you very much. Definitely not going there. Nuh-uh.
Dean unexpectedly felt a comforting warm sensation spread through his chest, his breath hitching, tears pricking the corners of his eyes at Cas’s words. Emotion flooded over him. He quickly buried his face into the pillows and willed his tears not to fall. Cas slid his hand between Dean’s cheek and the pillow and turned his face just enough so Cas could place a gentle kiss on Dean’s lips. Understanding the emotions his words had brought forth, willing to pause his torment in order to comfort and reassure Dean in the moment.
"Yep!" Charlie nods, scrunching her face slightly as Taylor’s wet tongue continues licking her palm (even though there is no more cream cheese to be found). "Shouldn't be long now before our inciting incident comes along."
“What? What happened? Is Dean okay? Where is he?” Cas interrupted without even fully realizing it, already rushing around, running back into the office to grab his wallet and keys and apologize to the vendor representatives; Alfie could handle the rest of the meeting.
“What the fuck man, get the fuck--” Dean shouted, arms flailed out in an attempt to keep his balance after the sudden change of direction, but Cas’s deep, sinister voice effectively cut him off.
Dean knows he’s being ridiculous, knows it was probably just a squirrel or a rabbit or some other woodland creature. He’s sure it wasn’t anything really dangerous. So why won’t his hands stop shaking nor his heart rate settle back down once they are back inside, doors locked and windows closed?
“Uh, yeah...yes, I guess,” Dean floundered, he had never been asked if he should be punished or not, Cas had just doled out what he saw fit for the circumstances.
“Hey, you know he doesn’t mean that, Dean,” Gabriel said as he pulled back and slapped him on the back. “You should have heard some of the stuff he said to me last time he was going through this. We laugh about it now, but some of it was absolutely vile.” He chuckled and shook his head, thinking back.
“Don’t worry about it man. Hell, keep causing that smile on his face and I’ll put up with just about anything. He deserves to be happy Cas, and you do that for him, so thank you,” Sam says, eyes meeting Cas’s. The sincerity catches Cas off guard.
"Don’t hurt my feelings, Cas," Dean lures. "Come on, you never even borrow a cup of sugar. What kind of neighbors are we?"
Alastair know this, he had been inside Dean's head. He had torn down any semblance of walls or safety he had attempted to build up around his more painful memories, of which there were plenty. While down below, Alastair dug up every single scrap of shame and guilt and wielded them with the same level of skill and precision he did any other tool he had at his disposal, making Dean relive the moments that caused them, rehash the thoughts he tried shoving so deep they wouldn’t ever see the light of day. Slowly and meticulously carving out any positive feelings, thoughts or memories and tossing them aside, only leaving more room for the dark and twisted and negative things in his head, free to run rampant and cause destruction on a level Dean didn’t even think was possible.
"Of course. Charlie, this is Hannah. She's come to look at some of my translations. Hannah, this is my good friend, Charlie."
Before he got to the steps leading up to the front door, a hand roughly grabbed his shoulder and spun him so he was nose to nose with piercing blue eyes that were now filled with a hardly contained fire.
“There are more in some...hidden places,” Dean said, winking with a mischievous look sparking in his eyes as he took a drink, purposefully tilting his head back a bit farther than necessary, exposing his neck where he knew the edge of a tentacle from the tattoo on his shoulder would be just barely peeking out from the collar of his shirt.
“I was thinking you could go get us both one,” she said, batting her eyelashes. Dean groaned as he got up.
Closing his eyes, he turns to the east. The late spring morning still holds a chill, but the rising sun that blazes red behind his eyelids also warms his face, the dichotomy bearing witness to his renewed humanity. The crisp, sweet air rushing into his lungs in the brief moment of calm settles him. In a moment, the birds will burst into song, and the rest of the world will come alive along with him.
It takes courage Castiel didn't know he still possessed to bring his eyes up to meet Dean's, but he isn't looking at Castiel. His eyes are trained on Castiel's face, but he's looking
“Nothing, don’t worry about it. I just don’t want to see him,” Dean mumbled, downing about half his drink in one go. Bela sighed and rolled her eyes.
"That’s an understatement, Cas. Imagine my surprise when I’m brought back to life, in the middle of nowhere, mind you, and I can’t find a single. Fucking. Winchester." Charlie sits up straighter and folds her hands in her lap. "You, however, were easy to trace. Seriously, did you learn nothing from me? Castiel Novak. For fuck’s sake, you couldn’t pick a more forgettable name?"
Cas carried Dean into his room and dropped him onto his king sized bed, following right behind him and trapping him on the bed, trailing kisses down his neck, down his chest and stomach, stopping at the waistband of Dean’s jeans, glancing up for permission. He was met with Dean eagerly nodding. Chuckling, Cas popped the button on Dean’s jeans, pulled down the zipper and shimmied them off as Dean lifted his hips to help. Cas mouthed at Dean through his black boxer briefs, a wet spot already starting to spread on the front of them. Dean threw his head back and canted his hips up earning him a smack to his inner thigh.
“Like I got hit by a fricken’ semi truck,” Dean said followed by a chuckle, trying to lighten the mood. When Dean looked up at Cas, the other man quickly averted his eyes, looked down at his fingers, and began playing with the hem of his shirt.
This morning while scrolling through a random tag that had caught his attention he found  a page of someone who called themselves “the angel of Thursday”. Every post of theirs seemed to be a text post, and after a few, Sam could tell they were all about the author's friend. It was obvious though that this person had more than strictly platonic feelings for this friend. Many of the posts talked about the friends brilliant green eyes;
"CAS!" Dean shouts as Castiel topples to the ground. He knows he should rush over. Help Castiel while he can do something. But his body won't move. He's frozen to the spot and he can't help but feel like it's all too familiar.
“Please stay,” Cas pleaded, reaching out toward Dean. A small smile creeped over the younger man's face as he rolled closer to Cas. “Thank you, Dean.”
The dark comfort is short lived as Dean’s eyes follow Alastair’s, looking over the makeshift table strewn with holy water, salt, and countless metal instruments, glinting in what little light is given off by the handful of buzzing lightbulbs overhead. It's such a ‘torture chamber’ stereotype Dean could almost laugh at the sheer absurdity of the scene. He can’t pull his eyes away from the table; he knows what’s there, had studied over it before starting in on Alastair. He wonders if Cas had picked out each tool purposefully, thinking of what harm Dean could inflict with each one and what information he would be able to pull out of Alastair between screams and moans of pain. Little did Castiel know he put his faith in someone who only seemed to let people down, who messed up once again, and who was now the one who would be writhing and screaming and paying for his sins. He almost hopes he does die here in this room, because he doesn’t know if he can face Cas, if he can stand seeing the disappointment and contempt as the angel realizes Dean isn’t who Cas thought he was.
“Stop wishing death upon my security guard please,” Cas said as he followed Dean’s murderous gaze across the room. “He was only doing his job, you have caused quite a few problems around here with every visit thus far, have you not?”
"I was going to let you take the vessel, anything to silence the chaos," says the Empty, "but you had to get greedy. You wanted the whole angel."
Charlie grabs her hair in her hands and looks at Sam. "I sure hope this was a good idea," she worries aloud.
After he finally came to the last--well, technically the account's first--post he simply stared at the wall across from him. There was something nagging in the back corners of his mind, he sat and thought, trying to figure out what it was. When he made the connection the laptop just about slipped off his lap, but he caught it just before it crashed to the floor. He hastily set it on the library table and walked off a bit bewildered, going to call Eileen and tell her of his discovery. He had known it for years, but to actually see it spelled out in front of him made it much more real and he hoped his brother would get his head out of his ass and figure it out soon too.
“No Castiel, I uh, I loved your brother, he loved me; we were going to run away together,” Adam explained as his eyes fell to the floor in front of him. Cas’s head snapped up, looking over to Gabe like he would have some answers or know if this man was actually telling the truth. Gabriel just shrugged as he stood in the living room.
When he gets the text from Sam letting him know they are a couple hours away, his anxiety ramps up even more. He has been dressed and as ready as he would ever be since 9am, it was now nearing 5pm and he hadn’t sat down all day. His hand continues to mindlessly skim over his front jeans pocket, brushing over the small hard box there. He checks again-for the millionth time-that everything is in place.
Taylor’s growl catches Dean off guard and he jumps. He looks at her and he hisses a quick "Shh!" When Dean looks back up, the figure is gone.
Sunday night he sat on the lumpy, musty couch watching some sporting event that kind of came in on his shitty, small tv, stripes of static interfering every now and then, when there was a knock on his door. His heart rate skyrocketed as he grabbed his gun sitting on the coffee table and stuffed it in the back of his pants, under his baggy shirt, and headed to the door.
On the third or fourth hit he can tell the demon’s starting to get annoyed at Dean's lack of screams, so Alastair holds nothing back and on the fifth lash he gets his wish as the whip lands across Dean's shoulder blades, and the hunter can no longer hold in his pained cries. It’s shortly after that Dean notices the blood making its way down his legs, dripping onto the clean grey floor methodically and consistently.
“We were careful, we didn’t think anyone would uh, appreciate us being together, so we stayed quiet and hidden” Adam shrugged.
“I didn’t want to mess up what we had, I couldn’t lose you,” Cas responds just as quietly. His arms wrapped around Dean’s waist, unwilling to let him go. “You know, you could have said something too.”
Dean doesn't risk turning his head to see what expression is on Cas's face at the moment. Even though he doesn’t need to… he already can tell what the former angel is feeling. Castiel may have been the one to reassemble Dean’s body and soul, but that doesn’t mean Dean didn’t know Castiel just as intimately. Years of going on hunts together, countless movie nights similar to these ones… yeah, Castiel is observant, but Dean learned to do that too. He also learned some great ways to subtly help Castiel when he was feeling upset.
“I, uh...Dean, I...fuck,” Cas stuttered out, unsure how to start, knowing he had to tell Dean about his past, knowing if he didn’t do it soon he never would. “Dean, you don’t want me; I’m not a good person,” Cas started as he slowly made his way across the room, closer to Dean.
Cas can’t help it, he lets out an honest to god giggle. His hand flies up to cover his mouth, stopping any further incriminating noises to escape. Dean slowly slips the ring from the box, the band is polished silver interspersed with small stones, both blue and green. Dean takes his hand and gently slides the ring on before he lifts his eyes to meet Cas’s.
“Okay, shit, the ship is meant to represent everyone’s bullshit they’ve thrown at me my entire life and the kraken is my strength. A kind of reminder to not let the self-doubt and self-loathing get to me or whatever,” Dean explained hurriedly as he squirmed, uncomfortable.
Before anything gets too heated Dean pulls back and rests his forehead on Cas’s staring down into those impossibly blue eyes that still take his breath away. “You’re going to be my husband,” Dean whispers, the giddy excitement clear in his tone, “fuck Cas, I never thought...a year ago I was doing my best to drink myself to an early grave. I never told you, but every single time I lost you, when I didn’t think you were coming back, I was a complete disaster, every fucking time. Hell, I even killed myself after Lucifer killed you,” at this confession Cas sucks in a gasp, picturing this sweet man, his man, so utterly defeated and hopeless that death seemed the only answer. He pulled him in just a bit closer. Had this man really been that broken about losing him? It’s hard to even fathom for Cas.
“Well, yeah man. Hell, we’ve essentially been together in one way or another for over a decade right? Just because we are dumb and took so long to actually admit it to ourselves shouldn’t really count against us should it? Cas, I would marry you this second if I could, tomorrow sounds like the perfect plan. Did you have an idea of where or how? I actually don’t know how any of this really works,” Dean admitted sheepishly.
Both Dean and Gabriel were exhausted, not only physically--worrying about an actively detoxing man whom you care deeply about is not the most conducive to getting anything resembling sound sleep--but mentally and emotionally as well. Cas had started yelling, ranting and raving often for no real reason, only to be crumpled on the floor crying a minute or two later; trying to keep up was draining to say the least.
“I don’t know Dean, I’m not sure I want to know what her life has become, if she even has one. Besides, with people after me, my situation really hasn’t changed enough to prove I’m any better than I was when she left,” Cas added solemnly as he yanked Dean back against his bare chest.
Dean sighed heavily and dramatically, dropping his arms. “Fine, I’ll stay. Fuck, has anyone told you you’re kind of a difficult asshole?”
Cas’s breathing hitches when Dean turns the corner, his eyes widening with surprise, a shocked smile playing timidly over his face as he takes it all in. When he spots Cas his smile widens and he makes no effort to hide the way his eyes wander down Cas’s body, taking him in hungrily.
“I thought I told you to never do that again you idiot,” Dean had said as he clung to Cas, voice thick with emotion.
Cas even told Dean about the most recent information, what Gabriel had come to talk to him about that night a couple months ago. Part of Chuck's faction had popped back up, younger siblings and kids of those men Cas had killed. They were now after Castiel, or rather, they were after who he used to be: The Angel of Death, the one who swooped in in the dark of night and wiped out those who went against him, those who had done him wrong, and never left a trace of himself except a single black feather. This was the part of himself he thought he had killed and buried.
Still… he can't help himself from wishing at this moment. Wishing that Dean and Taylor could stay here longer. Wishing he could tell Dean everything. No awkward lies. No random excuses. Just the two of them. Talking. Like… normal people for once…
“You know I can’t do that Gabe. You would be in dang--no, I won’t, you know that,” Cas said resolutely, not feeling the need to list out the almost never ending list of reasons yet again.
Cas slowly woke up, tentatively stretching, taking stock of himself. He was absolutely still sore, still felt like complete shit, but the shaking had subsided. He had slept a bit and his stomach wasn’t threatening to purge anything at the moment, and he considered that all a very big win. As he laid there, he tried piecing together the last few days. He wasn’t sure exactly what day it was, nor what time, but it was dark in his room and his phone wasn’t in its usual spot on his bedside table. Gabriel probably took it from him, which was for the best. Then he remembered Dean had been there, he had seen him like that, he knew, fuck. He groaned as he rolled on his back, blinking up at the ceiling and trying to come up with some type of plan for how to handle this when the bedroom door creaked open slowly and Dean creeped in.
“What the fuck?” Dean mumbled to himself as he wandered, a bit dazed, down the hallway to the main elevator.
“Hello, Dean,” he said, shyly. He slowly made his way over to the side of the bed. “How are you feeling?”
“I know Cassie, come on, let's get you to bed. You’re going to feel like shit soon,” Gabriel said as he stood up, grabbing Cas under the arm and lifting him off the floor. Cas went willingly.
Cas can see that Dean appears to have gained more of his mobility back, however he’s still unable to move his legs enough to make any significant movement away from where he stands. Thankfully, Taylor’s displays of aggression seem to be keeping all attention away from Dean. Tendrils of The Empty are still making their way towards him and Taylor, though without any urgency. Thinking quickly, Castiel tries to stall for just a little more time.
"Well, now you've done it," Dean teases. "She's gonna want to stop here every time we go for a walk."
Once they both settled in, Dean found himself practically on top of Cas, one arm thrown over his abdomen, head on his chest, one leg hooked over Cas’s thigh. If he was worried Cas was uncomfortable, he wouldn’t have been able to move if he wanted to. Cas had an arm around his upper back, holding him tightly, his other hand holding Dean’s head to his chest, carding his fingers through his short hair soothingly. He also had Dean's leg trapped between his strong thighs, unwilling to let go, unwilling to abandon this small slice of peace he had happened to find with the lovely man wrapped around him. As Dean snored softly, a small puddle of drool collected on Cas’s chest under his cheek.
He doesn’t hear the footsteps rushing up the stairs, doesn’t hear the whispered conversation between Sam and Cas in the doorway as they see Dean, laying on the floor, openly sobbing, shaking and pounding his fists on the ground every so often. Cas shoves Sam out of the room and closes the door quickly behind him, quietly clicking the lock in place so the moose won’t barge in and make the situation even worse.
To his brother he was a caregiver: the one who played both mom and dad most of the time, the one who helped with homework, and the one who provided dinner and made sure he bathed somewhat regularly. To his dad he was a soldier whose only job was to follow instructions, to look out and protect his brother and, of course, to take the brunt of the punishment, which was hardly ever truly justified. Sometimes it was because he felt Dean had not lived up to one of his many changing expectations, other times because John was feeling particularly aggressive, or drunk, or simply because the lady at the corner store looked at him wrong. Oftentimes it simply boiled down to the fact that his wife was dead and he had been left with two “ungrateful” boys.
As Dean continues making his way around the room, he points out certain photos, talking about the various memories and funny stories, eyes sparkling with an over abundance of love and laughter. He doesn’t even notice that the last few pictures are a bit different, are ones he hasn’t ever seen before. As he realizes what he’s seeing his eyes go wide, tears threatening to spill over when he looks back at Cas who is waiting patiently—okay more like a nervous wreck—in the middle of the room.
“Come back here, ya creep,” Dean huffed, words slurring together slightly as he closed his eyes again and burrowed into the pillows.
"Shit," Dean checks his phone and sees it's close to midnight. He’s lost track of how many times they’ve gone through this, but it never seems to get easier. Quite the opposite, actually: Dean knows the longer they stay trapped here, the less chance they have. The most frustrating part is that Dean can’t do anything about it. His only job is to look out for Cas.
“So you threw me under the bus for some of your fucking students? What the actual fuck Gabriel? I’m you brother!” Cas stood up, suddenly needing to be as far away from his brother as possible.
“I already explained just how much you have not only changed my life but changed who I am down to the very fabric of my being, and none of what I said has changed, if anything it’s only more relevant now. Dean, not only am I asking you to please do me the honor of becoming your husband,” Cas asks, gracefully dropping down to one knee, voice infinitely steadier than he had anticipated.
“Pssht, I can take any of them, easy,” Dean said, that bravado returning as he sat up a bit straighter, lifting himself slightly off the seat with his arms braced on the table and seat back, eyes roving around the bar, looking for something, or someone to direct his ever present aggression toward.
Before he could do anything else, Cas surged forward trapping Dean's mouth in a heated kiss and stood up, hoisting Dean with him. Dean's legs wrapped around Cas and he clung to his neck, unsure if he appreciated being carried across the apartment, but not finding it in him to protest, especially when he noticed the ink covering Cas’s back. Two large wings danced over his muscles along his upper back and down the back of his upper arms with every movement. They were simple but gorgeous. Dean also noticed a bit of ink poking out from just under the waistband of Cas’s pajama pants, on his hip, but he couldn’t quite make it out.
“I’ve been alright. Becky, sweetie, can you come help me a second?” Chuck asked curtly, throwing a polite smile over his shoulder as he dragged Becky away.
He could hear Cas walking through the apartment, pausing at the door, no doubt fixing Dean’s tossed shoes, then padding down the hallway, stopping every so often, probably collecting his discarded clothing. As Cas appeared in the doorway Dean finally got his pants and boxers off, threw them across the room, and flung himself to the middle of the bed, still bouncing slightly when Cas stepped across the threshold. Dean grinned proudly at himself as he laid on the bed, trying to catch his breath and slow his heartbeat.
Dean, on the other hand, definitely was not. At some point his pants and boots had been taken off, leaving him only in his cartoon covered boxer briefs. No matter how hard he tries he can’t remember when or how that happened. He glances around trying to see if he can find the missing items. Those are good boots, dammit, but he comes up empty.
When he got closer to where Cas sat, he knelt down so he was eye to eye with him. “Just think about it Castiel, think about how pretty I’m sure that boy can scream and just how much they would love getting their grubby hands on him. How much they would love to defile him and break him down to nothing. Are you really willing to take that chance when it comes to the man you love, Castiel?” Adam asked before quickly standing up. He motioned to the woman, whom he called Meg, and she followed him to the door dutifully.
“Open up Cassie,” Gabriel's voice came from the other side of the door. Cas instantly sagged in relaxation as he undid the flimsy locks and opened the door. Behind Gabe stood another man and a shorter woman who shoved him inside Cas’s apartment, walked in behind him, and slammed the door.
Cas chuckled again. “Dean, you don’t scare me, you don’t intimidate me, I’ve gone toe-to-toe with individuals much scarier than a 20-something with a bad attitude and a lack of self control.” His tone was almost passive, uncaring as he glanced toward the bar just as a waitress was making her way over to them. Setting both of the drinks down, Cas grabbed the water and slid it over in front of Dean who glanced down at it and shoved it away.
“Head on the pillows, on your stomach,” Cas commanded, watching expectantly. Dean scrambled to comply, shoving his jeans the rest of the way off before readjusting and flopping down face first into the pillows.
“Pft, hey man, I was just tryin’ to help her have a wonderful evening, ‘ts all,” the young man said, cocky grin plastered on his face, slightly unsteady on his feet, words just starting to slur together.
“Yes, you make yourself clear. I’m sorry; it won’t happen again,” Dean croaked out, surprising himself at the sincerity in his voice which completely lacked his usual sarcasm.
Suddenly Dean was being flung across the bed, startled awake as he tried making sense of what Cas was saying while he stomped to the bathroom and slammed the door. He was still sitting there stunned when Cas stomped back to the bed.
“But you don’t have to Cassie, that’s the whole fucking point! Walk away, hell, go get Dean and run! Get away from here and live your life. Let yourself be fucking happy for one goddamn minute,” Gabe said softly, eyes pleading.
Cas had strung up thousands of white lights, some strands fixated securely to the ceiling, running down the length of the corridor, some dangling freely down along the walls. Dean is immediately taken back to that first meeting in the barn, sparks flying, lights exploding, back before he knew just how much the angel would change his life.
“Of course Sam,” is all Cas manages before Sam pats his shoulder and makes his way to the library, putting on noise canceling headphones and diving into research.
Dean knew this was only the beginning. Cas had been hinting at what he had planned for tonight, and while Dean would finally get the infuriating cock cage removed, and finally be allowed to come, he knew it wouldn’t be that easy. If he had learned anything about Cas it was that he would take his sweet time building him up, spend his time taking Dean apart piece by piece before he started to rebuild him, even better than before, somehow more complete, more himself than he had ever been.
Whenever he noticed something particularly worth mentioning about Dean, he posted it. It had become a sort of ‘Dean diary’ for him. This had been going on for close to a year and no one had any idea. Well aside from the 15 thousand people following him.
“I know Cas” Dean replies, staring at the ceiling, willing Cas to understand he isn’t upset with him, doesn’t think any less of him, after all, he saved Dean, more than once now. Deans thoughts before he drifts off are scattered, but there is no denying all of them revolve around the angel, what was wrong with him? Did it have anything to do with saving Dean? With Dean failing? How can Dean reassure him that they’ll figure it out together? What would Cas do if Dean had asked him to stay? Asked him to lay next to him? Not only for his own security and comfort but for Cas’ too, maybe he could convince the angel it would be mutually beneficial, that it didn’t really mean anything, that they just both needed someone there when the night got dark and cold, when the nightmares came clawing back, which Dean assumed would happen again before long.
He opened his eyes to meet Cas’s once again and Cas had been damn near knocked over by the total sincerity and adoration reflected back at him in Dean’s eyes, shining with unshed tears. “I love you too, like,
“Dean, stop.” Cas interrupts, smirk suddenly gone, voice rough, almost angry. Dean sinks back into the bed at the power in Cas’ voice, a tone he hadn’t heard in quite some time. Cas notices how Dean obviously increases the space between them as a result of his harsh tone and immediately regrets it, the angel sighs and wipes a shaky hand down his weary face. For the first time Dean really looks at Cas and notices the dark circles under his eyes, his mussed hair, messier than usual, his rumpled and wrinkled clothing, the way his shoulders seemed to be weighted down with the weight of the world, Cas looks more haggard than Dean ever remembers seeing him. He had seen the angel after plenty of fights, beaten and bloody, had seen him angry and stressed, but never like this.
As Sam turns to walk away Cas walks up behind Dean and slips his arms around his broad shoulders, placing another kiss on his cheek and whispering something in his ear that causes Dean to leap up from the table, toss his dishes in the sink and sprint past Sam just about knocking him over.
He hadn’t noticed the figure still lingering in the doorway and almost misses Cas nearly whisper “please believe me when I tell you I would heal you if I could,”
Taking a break in his work for the day, Cas steps outside and opens his mailbox to rifle through the junk mail. As he shuffles through postcards for businesses he’ll never frequent and coupons for items he isn’t interested in buying, a feeling crawls over his skin, a sensation of someone watching him. He looks up and down the street. It's quiet, empty. The woods behind the houses seem darker than they should be, shadows cast longer than they should be even with the setting sun.
"No, yeah, that’d be great," Dean smiles back. During the short walk to the front door, Castiel can’t help but think of how domestic and nice this feels. He chuckles a bit to himself, just thinking that if his past self thought that just
No matter what he does, he can't stop thinking about him. He finally takes a peek outside the window, almost half hoping that Dean and his dog would still be there—
That last thought sends a surge of courage through Castiel. Dean wants him. Cursed or not, Dean wants him.
Less than half a second has passed and it's half a second too long to have looked away. Dean waits to be sure Castiel's chest still rises and falls before he speaks out loud once more.
“Sure, sounds good!” Dean agreed. Then he looked down and appraised his own attire. “I should probably go get dressed, huh?”
"As in here. This time and place," says Charlie. She is leaning forward with full-body attention. "Get me up to speed. I’ve been gone a long time! The last thing I knew, we were saving Dean from the Mark of Cain. My decryption key worked, didn’t it? You figured out how to get rid of the Mark?"
The floor all but covered with his blood, an ever growing puddle that seems to mock him, taunting him to slip into unconsciousness, promising that the ever present and blinding pain will stop, that he can be done with this, he can fall asleep. At this point that sounds more welcoming than really anything else. He’s not sure when it started but he notices he is visibly shaking. He tries to control his spasming muscles, but can no longer seem to command them to be still. He is cold and tired, and he is certain he’s going into shock.
Castiel, clutching at his throat and still trying to regain his breath, looks up at the angry words. The sight his eyes land on makes him choke all over again.
"Taylor led us," Cas calls back, seemingly unaffected by the exertion it's taking to keep Trenton at bay. That bodes well for what's coming up next. Dean eyes the cliff edge with trepidation. Then it clicks.
“Perfect, hands above your head, no touching unless I tell you to,” Cas said as he walked away. Dean tried not to whine at his absence and failed, finding himself craning his neck, trying to see where the other man had gone.
Well, we are officially halfway done folks and as of yesterday afternoon my beta is officially done with her read through! Meaning this beast is polished and completed! (side note: her two favorite chapters were 4 and 24, so you all have that to look forward to).
No one knew-well aside from Eileen-that Sam had a few social media accounts, he’s sure Dean would never let him live it down. Jack had gotten him hooked on TikTok, he never created anything, but often found himself watching the short videos for hours. He had a Facebook under a fake name, mostly to keep tabs on some old schoolmates from college he wasn’t sure why exactly, but it helped keep him tethered to a part of his past that taught him to never take those in your life for granted. He also had made a Tumblr years ago, when he was an angsty teenager, and had recently found it again and caught himself scrolling through tags of his favorite fandoms, topics and falling down random rabbit holes.
“But how? We can’t afford all this stuff,” Dean reasoned while holding up three new video games. Charlie continued to make herself busy unloading and putting things away, ignoring Dean.
"You wouldn’t dare," the Empty continues, their attention completely trained on Dean and Taylor now. Castiel watches helplessly as Dean tightens his grip on the dog. Castiel’s grace.
Dean could tell Cas was distracted, lost in his own head the rest of the night. Not only had he come back with a drink, which he had told Dean was a rare thing, but he had sat down and just stared blankly at the tv. After a few minutes of silence, Dean slid closer, and tucked himself into Cas’s side. Cas threw his arm over Dean’s shoulders and pulled him closer. Dean could feel Cas relax against him, as he buried his face in Cas’s neck, trying to get as close as possible. Eventually they ordered food for dinner and ate on the couch, watching some nature documentary Cas had picked out.
When they finally stumble into Dean's room he kicks the door shut, never losing contact with Cas. He backs Cas up until the back of his knees hit the bed, then shoves him down on the bed and quickly goes to work on Cas’s belt buckle. Cas helps shove the fabric off his legs, tossing them over his head, not caring where they land, earning a chuckle from Dean who promptly rids himself of his grey sweatpants.
Sam runs a hand through his hair and nods in agreement. "I’m not sure what happened in there, but both your vitals spiked. I thought we were going to lose you both."
Dean's eyes scan downward and back up again. He opens his mouth to say something. Taylor chooses that moment to butt forward past her owner, her shaggy head bumping a greeting right into Castiel's crotch.
“Honey, I’m home,” Dean calls as he turns the corner to the hallway that leads to their room before he stills, taking in what’s in front of him.
Outside the windows he sees a rocky landscape, boulders of various sizes cluster amid scrub bushes and a handful of towering pines. About a hundred yards away, the ground abruptly falls away as a cliff face of an indeterminate height reveals a shimmering body of water. Terror freezes Dean as he realizes what's coming next.
When Cas’s phone started ringing, he debated about ignoring it. He was currently in the middle of a meeting with a potential vendor for the club that he had been trying to meet with for months. He thought better of it and, when he politely excused himself and slipped his phone out of his pocket, his breath hitched at Dean’s name on the screen. They hadn’t interacted in about a week, and he couldn’t believe Dean had forgiven him enough to call him just to chat in the middle of the work day. At that thought, his anxiety ramped up and he had to grab a hold of the wall for support, his knees threatening to give out on him.
"H-Hannah?" Dean croaks out. She stares at Dean for a moment. A smirk spreads across her lips before she melts into a pile of black goo. Dean's stomach drops as the mass slithers across the ground and reshapes itself into Meg in front of him.
By the time he made it back to his place he was in a full spiral, convinced Cas was done with him, that he had clearly done something wrong and that he never should have trusted Cas. He angrily flung his bedroom door open after stomping across the apartment, luring Charlie out of her room.
“Oh shit, sorry Deano, my bad,” Gabe apologized with a smirk on his face. He reached down and helped Dean off the floor. Dean flopped back onto the couch and grabbed the offending water bottle, forgiving the assault as he unscrewed the cap and downed about half of it, feeling just slightly better than a minute ago.
"Nice to meet you, too," Charlie replies, and she really does mean it. The first few times Charlie hopped into Castiel’s mind, she had only watched and observed from a safe distance—to get a lay of the land and all that. It was only within the last few trips that she had decided to actually show herself. The bigger point is, in all of her times watching and internally screaming at how much these two idiots beat around the bush, Hannah is new. A new character introduction that could help the hero, Castiel, get through his journey and become the Dread Pirate Roberts he’s meant to be. It’s definitely bound to pay off later in the story… er, in helping Castiel get through this funk.
“Dean, I don’t think it’s a surprise that I want to be with you for the rest of my life. I want to wake up next to you every morning, kiss you goodnight before we fall asleep every night. I want to get our own house with a yard and a white picket fence. I even want to raise a couple kids together, I want the whole thing, the stereotypical apple pie life and I want it with you.”
He sort of putters around his house, his eyes drifting to the window where, if he looks out, he knows he'd be able to see the spot where Dean just was.
Burgers demolished, pie reduced to crumbs stuck in tacky smears of whipped cream on the plates that rest before them, there's nothing to do but relax further into the plush seats of the overstuffed sofa Sam insisted Dean buy. The cushions are soft, comfortable, and the excessive filling creates a mounded top that is ever so slowly shifting the two men closer to each other with each move and shift they make. Cas is close enough by the time that Joel decides he no longer wants to lose his memories of Clementine to feel him tense up.
“They got to me Cas; they’ve been watching you for months. Adam’s side. I don’t know about the others. He came to me and told me about him and Michael, and threatened some of my kids. I couldn't let them get their fangs into them, they’re good kids.” Gabe hurriedly explained, not looking at Cas.
When he looked back in the mirror, he was almost shocked at the change that one small silver piece of jewelry had on both his appearance and his psyche. He could feel himself slipping back into his old attitude and way of thinking already. The voice in the back of his head reminding him of how insane this whole thing was getting quieter and quieter the longer he stared back at his own reflection, his gaze hardening and shutting out any and all emotion except for a deep burning anger that sat in his chest like glowing embers.
Cas could tell Dean had sunk deep into his own head. He watched Dean's face closely, trying to get a read on the direction his thoughts were wandering, when he noticed Dean's face go slack, no emotion, seemingly completely zoned out. Then, ever so slightly, he clearly saw the mask being slipped on. Dean’s jaw tensed, hardened, his lips formed in a tight line with no hint of the smirk that had been ever present throughout the evening. When he looked back up his eyes held none of that mischievous sparkle they had previously; instead they were unseeing, emotionless. They completed the mask of someone who had been trained to show little to no emotion over time, who had been shown too much cruelty and darkness at much too young of an age. It was a look Cas knew far too well, one he had worn regularly years ago, one he was still learning to chip away piece by piece.
“Are you ready for more, sweet boy?” Cas asked, his body blanketing Dean’s, lips brushing against Dean's ear as he spoke, sending a shiver down Dean's spine as he nodded. “Tsk, tsk, you know the rule, Dean, use your words,” Cas scolded as he nipped at Dean's earlobe.
“I said get the fuck out! I don’t need a babysitter! You don’t call or text for weeks and then suddenly you’re here to be some knight in fucking shining armor? No Dean, get the fuck out!” Cas screamed at him as he buried himself back in bed, his back pointedly turned toward Dean.
Cas sat up straighter, took a leveling breath, and began his story. He told Dean about practically growing up on the streets: getting kicked out of various houses and apartments because his mother had pissed someone off, or her john had gotten tired of her. He told Dean about Michael first getting involved with the gangs and trying to keep his siblings out of the life and trying to keep them safe. He told him how Cas had followed in Michael’s footsteps after he had been killed, and how he had gotten revenge on those who took out his brother, eventually moving up the ranks and leading.
“I’ll be right back my darling boy. I’m just going to go get something so I can clean you up,” Cas said. Before leaving the room he turned back to the man still sprawled out on his bed and placed a kiss on his forehead.
“Cas, I...shit...I found your Tumblr…” Sam blurts out as he runs his hand through his shaggy hair. Cas lets out a humorless laugh, color draining from his face, eyes never leaving Sam's, standing unnaturally still.
He throws his legs over the side of the bed, gingerly standing, ready for his legs to object, there is definitely pain, but at least he is able to stand on his own, and he will take any small victories he can right now. As he slowly shifts his weight to take a step, blinding pain suddenly shoots down his left leg, the one now holding a majority of his weight, causing his typically sturdy six foot something frame to crumple to the ground with an impressive thud causing Dean to yell out, more out of anger and frustration than anything else. As he lays on the floor his anger flares brightly, his hands searching around the ground around him, finally landing on a half empty plastic water bottle, Dean grasps it, sits up as much as he can and flings it across the room, in turn knocking a knick-knack on the dresser sending it toppling to the  floor, resulting in it exploding into tiny pieces scattering across the hardwood floor. He feels some small satisfaction having caused something else to be lying broken on the floor, in hundreds of tiny pieces, unable to be put back together well enough to form anything resembling what it had once been, just like he is.
The next month flew by, filled with planning and scheming. Whispers that suddenly cut off if Dean entered the room, papers shuffled away haphazardly when he tried sneaking a look over Cas’s shoulder in the library. Cas knew he was walking a thin line between Dean being curious and being suspicious, hoping he would be able to spring the surprise before Dean started to freak out about Cas being a bit secretive. He just kept telling himself Dean would hopefully agree it would be well worth the deception.
“Why the fuck do you want to know anyway? What? Do you get off on guessing other people's kinks or some shit?” Dean asked, voice teetering on the cusp of turning frantic, feeling extremely self conscious at this man's ability to read him so easily.
When Cas reappeared he was holding a length of green nylon rope, a length of cloth, and a few other things Dean couldn’t quite make out from his angle on the bed.
“Why are you sorry?” Cas asked, peaking over at Gabe from where his head rested on the back of the couch. Gabe heaved a big sigh and fell back next to his brother.
“Oh, I’ve just been wonderful Dean! Chuck is the sweetest and absolute best--” her rambling was cut off suddenly.
“We can talk to him later, right now I plan on taking my time with you,” Cas growls out as he quickly flips Dean to his back and takes control, leaving Dean just a bit breathless. “I’ve been waiting for this for years Dean, I’m going to take you apart piece by piece tonight. Does that sound okay with you?” Cas asks, tone playful but dark, eyebrow cocked up questioningly, daring Dean to deny him.
When he gets home, he sits down. Picks up a book. Flips through the pages without really reading before tossing it to the side.
. Angel or not." He rests his hand on the side of Castiel’s neck. "You need to know that, Cas. You have to know that by now."
“Did you come up with the artwork for it?” Cas asked, eyes watching Dean as his fingers traced over the sea creature.
Trying very hard not to let any of the emotions that just attacked him out of nowhere show on his face, even though he is pretty sure it isn’t working, he shakes his head a little to get rid of them for now and focus solemnly on Cas, and
“Yeah, uh, yeah, of course Gabe, it doesn’t leave this,” Dean said, indicating between the two of them lazily. Apparently placated, Gabe leaned back in his chair, reached down to the bottle, and drained what was left before beginning.
Cas reacts with dread. His body tenses up, and his hands move onto the couch, away from Dean’s legs entirely. "I always appreciate our talks," he says. It doesn’t sound as though he means it.
Dean didn’t remember being lifted into the ambulance, or the ride to the hospital, and only vaguely remembered being rushed through the double doors of the ER. After that it was all a blur; he was groggy and tired and cold. He remembered puking a time or two again and apologizing feebly as the nurses and doctors assured him they didn’t mind and pushed him back down onto the bed.
“That sounds perfect darling. Now, how about you go tell Sam, he’s probably close by and I’ll start calling people. I was thinking Charlie, Donna, Jody and the girls? Garth? Bobby obviously…” Cas trails off lost in thought, creating mental checklists.
“Shhh, don’t worry, Dean. I got you, I’m going to take care of you.” With that Cas lined himself up and slowly slid in, the tight wet heat overwhelming, the satisfied groan from Dean making him fight to keep his composure. When he was finally seated fully, he stopped, not only to allow Dean the chance to adjust, but to take a few steadying breaths himself. He then reached down and removed the cock ring much to Dean’s relief.
Both men thinking that this is more than they deserve while simultaneously knowing that they are one of the only real things they’ve ever had in their lives, and that can be enough for now. Maybe happiness is in accepting the love someone else gives you, even if you don’t think you deserve it, perhaps especially when you feel you don’t deserve it.
Cas doesn’t realize he’s been backed into a corner until his back hits the solid, cool, metal wall. He vaguely hears Taylor still growling next to him, but she sounds a hundred miles away. His head is spinning, memories of being tossed aside, left, forgotten by those he loved throughout his life parading through his brain, reminding him of just how much of nothing he really is.
They stay quiet for a few moments and Castiel basks in Dean’s presence. He does his best to avoid Dean’s eyes, worried if he looks into them too long he’ll end up "spilling the beans," but he can’t help himself; before he knows it, he’s gazing into Dean’s eyes.
"Got tired of being somewhere that required, uh...pants, huh?" Dean asks with a wry twist to his smile. His hands are buried in the fur behind Taylor's ear now, not even noticing that she's smeared peanut butter on the leg of his own pants. Castiel can't stop his own answering smile at the two of them, comfortable in his living room.
“Dean? What can I do? Did you injure yourself?” Cas asks, keeping his voice low, gentle but not patronizing or belittling, wanting Dean to feel as though he has complete control of the situation, like Cas doesn’t even notice his face is currently tear stained, his body shaking uncontrollably.
Before he thinks too long on the memory, a teasing voice echoes in his head saying, "It's not good to dwell on the past, Cassie!" (Whether that voice was Gabriel’s or Balthazar’s, he can’t remember.) He sighs, and continues running to distract himself.
"Yes." Saving Dean. He has always been saving Dean, or trying to save Dean. He hadn’t been the one to save Dean from the Mark—that had ultimately been Rowena’s spell—but Castiel had turned back in the Apocalypse world so that Dean and Sam could get out with Mary.
“What’s wrong Cas?” Dean asked, while taking in the mounds of food Cas set in front of him: pancakes, bacon, waffles, sausage, fresh fruit, and multiple different types of syrup.
Cas gently ran his thumb along Dean’s lower lip and hooked it over his teeth, tugging Dean’s jaw open and slowly inching his way inside. Dean immediately started working his tongue over Cas’s silky length as he worked toward the back of Dean’s throat.
“Having some problems this morning?” he asked, barely suppressing his amusement. Cas glared up at him.
"Delinquent," Dean says after catching up to his dog and calming her down. She sits by his side, happily wagging her tail.
"We’re well aware, Dean. Sam’s on the other side doing all the research he can. I’m doing what I can. But you need to figure out what’s got Cas trapped." Charlie squats down to Taylor’s level and offers the cream cheese. "You’re his constant right now. Use that to your advantage."
Sam lets out a sigh and gets up from the table, glancing back at the two men staring lovingly at one another, hands intertwined on the tabletop. When Cas leans over and places a kiss on Dean's cheek before standing up to put his dirty dishes in the sink a blush creeps over Dean's face. He looks down bashfully and a shy smile spreads across his face. He glances up and makes eye contact with his brother and for the first time in their lives Sam thinks he sees genuine happiness in Dean's eyes. His face relaxed, without the familiar strain of tension or worry, He looks decades younger, looks like he may have if he hadn’t been forced into the life they live. If he hadn’t been expected to be both a mother and father for Sam his entire life. Sam can’t help but smile back at his big brother, he supposes a few sleepless nights are more than worth it if it means finally seeing his brother actually happy.
“Thanks, Bobby,” Dean said as he walked out of the office, somehow feeling just a bit better than he had in days.
Dean rolled his eyes and groaned at Cas’s use of his dorky air quotes, but he couldn’t wipe the stupid smile off his face. They hadn’t really talked about it anymore after that. They were both sure of what they meant to one another, where they stood and the role they played in each other's lives. To say no one was at all surprised when they began referring to each other as their boyfriend would be understatement. Dean would often drag Cas along into friends houses announcing that he and his boyfriend were there, oftentimes met with dramatic rolling of eyes from those that knew them. They even got asked a couple times “weren’t you two already a thing? I could have sworn you were,” by a few acquaintances and more distant friends and other hunters.
“There,” she finally said and tossed the phone back at Dean as he exhaled a large puff of smoke and handed the end of the joint back to Charlie. He grabbed his phone and pulled up the message Charlie sent.
Dean was about to try speaking actual words when he was interrupted by the sound of Cas’s bathroom door slamming shut. He sighed and got up off the couch, heading to Cas’s room. He spun around before making it out of the living and pointed across the room at Gabriel who was eating something Dean couldn’t quite make out.
Dean isn’t ready to face that again, isn’t ready for his feebly constructed walls to be broken down once again brick by brick. This time they would probably just tumble down without much resistance. It’s not easy packing all of that away securely back in the safe recesses of your mind once it’s been blown wide open; Dean had come to realize this after countless sleepless nights, nightmares and a lot of misdirected anger at everyone around him. He didn’t think he had the wherewithal to do all of that again, if he even made it out this time. After all, he didn’t have the safety net of the soul for a soul deal topside. All he could do was endure whatever Alastair decided to deal out for as long as he possibly could. He just hoped he drifted away into the darkness before he was completely decimated and no doubt embarrassed, but he had never been someone who got what they really wanted, only what he deserved, and that meant he was right where he belonged.
If he can just make it back to Sammy, Bobby and Cas, he would try to accept the love they so freely give him, try to wrap his head around the notion that they may actually love him without looking for anything in return. If he can just stay afloat a little longer maybe, he can be a better brother, a better son, a better friend. But all he can focus on is the drip drip dripping of his warm blood failing off his toes, landing in the ever expanding puddle of crimson on the floor. It takes him too many minutes to realize it’s all his blood. There’s too much there, he knows that, isn’t sure how he’s still conscious. He knows he shouldn’t be, it’s only out of spite toward Alastair that he’s keeping his head above the figurative water that keeps threatening to pull him under and never allow him to resurface. Spite for breaking him down completely once before, for causing him so much pain and trauma that he is still trying to get over. Spite for allowing himself to be Alastair's plaything, like a cat with a mouse, batting it around purely for entertainment purposes until the mouse dies and the cat gets bored.
“Eh,” was Dean’s only response again. He glanced at Cas out of the corner of his eye. The man's grip tightened a bit on the steering wheel and he took a steadying breath. Was it really going to be this easy?
Dean beamed at Cas, proud of his joke and at making Cas laugh like that. Damn, he wanted to see more of that. The way Cas’s nose scrunched up, how he showed all his teeth with a grin splitting his face, how he had tipped back in his chair, feet coming up off the floor, completely lost in laughter. If Dean could make him look like that, he would do it every chance he got.
“Aw, come here, it’s okay; I don’t think any less of you, Cas,” Dean cooed as he pulled the older man into a hug.
Cas’s fingers started to move again as he chuckled, moving back up Dean's left arm and then down his chest, coming to rest on the quote across Dean's ribs on the right side of his torso.
After a few moments of just staring at each other, Dean softly smiles and, with a roll of his eyes, asks, "Aside from your porn collection, what else do you keep in your bedroom?"
“Cas okay? He...he sent me some money the other day and made me promise to take care of you this weekend, make sure you weren’t just laying around sad and depressed,” she said, voice going soft as she saw the smile spread across Dean's face. He shook his head bemused.
It's worlds away from a storage room in Rexford, Idaho, the memory less painful with time and distance.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed quietly. Cas sighed and reached for his wallet before sliding a card over to Dean.
Cas’s mind was spinning, he knew people had had problems when it became public knowledge he was with another man, but it was also known that he had been with plenty of women too. Maybe that made it more palatable to the men surrounding him at the time? He shook his head, trying to clear it.
Castiel finally comes face to face with the Empty again. Only this time, instead of taking Meg’s form or even his own vessel’s form, it’s chosen someone different. Someone it knew would hurt. The Empty in Dean’s form glares at Castiel and growls,
“Ha, I don’t think so,” Cas said as he placed a much too cold washcloth over him. He would have jackknifed straight off the bed if Cas’s hand hadn’t been holding Dean’s chest down solidly. Dean cried out and panted as he tried calming himself down again.
Charlie lets out a helpless whimper at the sight of Dean crying. Her arms are around him in an instant, and she squeezes him tightly with her face pressed against his shoulder. "It’s going to be okay," she says in a muffled squeak. He’s gentle about it, but he pries her off as he gets himself back under control.
“Yeah yeah, just don’t go around telling anyone,” Dean conceded, he knew damn well she could take him.
“Cas with a ‘C’ or a ‘K’ Dean?” Bobby asked as he scrolled through Dean's short contact list and not seeing the name.
“So, you can storm out of here, angry and thinking the world is out to get you, and I promise you that in the not too distant future you will either be dead or in prison,” Cas said, his voice low and controlled. When Dean tried interrupting to argue, Cas shook his head and continued. “Quiet, do not interrupt. Your other option is to stay, chat with me for the evening, let me get to know you a bit, and then maybe you’ll have someone who can help you let go of some of your anger and your apparent need to hurt yourself. It’s up to you - if you honestly want to leave, I’ll allow you to go; if you want to stay then you drop the bullshit bravado and aggression because I promise you, boy, I have seen worse, I have done worse, and I have no qualms about reminding insolent brats of their place. Is that understood?” Cas leaned back, out of Dean's space, removing his hand from the boy's chest, face once again passive. He adjusted his shirt, fixing his rolled sleeves and brushed an errant piece of hair off his forehead as he picked up his drink again.
“Fuck Cassie, why can’t you just let yourself have something good for once!? Why do you have to go and throw it all away!? Every fucking time man. It’s been over a decade, you can’t keep using him as an excuse,” Gabe’s voice was soft, hurt. Cas chuckled again, eyes slowly rising to meet Gabe’s.
“Hello, Dean, it’s okay. We’re at Bobby’s, you’re okay. Shhhh listen, deep breaths, match mine…” Cas says, his voice low and soft, trying to calm him down enough so he can explain what had happened and answer all the unasked questions swimming in Deans panicked and tearful bright green eyes. Cas takes a few exaggerated breaths, motioning for Dean to mimic the deep, calm breathing. After a few minutes Dean is back to fairly even breaths, that still catch every so often when he moves in a way that aggravates an injury, but he has relaxed enough now and was staring intently back at Cas with a million questions running endlessly through his head. Dean can feel himself getting hazy again, sleep threatening to overtake him quicker than he wants it to, he adjusts himself to sit a bit higher on the bed, trying to stave off sleep for a few more minutes until he can get some answers.
He sighs and reminds himself once again that "it’s better this way" before following Dean to the kitchen. He’s about to offer to help Dean pop open the bottle caps (he had found Dean just staring very intently at the far wall deep in thought), when there’s a soft little chime near the door. The chime breaks Dean out of whatever trance he was in and he looks at Castiel. In return, Castiel raises a curious eyebrow and pokes his head over to the door. Taylor stands patiently waiting for a second before nosing a little bell that hangs on the door knob. Castiel looks back at Dean with a slight tilt to his head.
