“Makin’ me feel like a teenager, Cas. C’mon. We should…”
“I wanted to look at you in the moonlight,” Castiel said. “Touch you without worrying who might walk in or hear.”
“Yeah,” said Dean. “Thanks, Sammy.”
“Classic Cas?”
“You don’t want it to be true?” Castiel asked, and in his head, his voice sounded like a desperate, strangling thing, though if Dean noticed, he didn’t comment.
Dean stared across the table at Sam, then looked to Jack, and sighed. He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Hey, Rowena!” he yelled to the distance.
“Do what?”
“I could be a sub,” Dean scoffed.
Dean’s words caught in his throat. He lapsed back into silence for a while, content to hold onto Castiel. “I missed you, Cas,” he finally mumbled. “So damn much. I was—I was worried I’d never see you again.”
Dean’s gut lurched, but not from the nausea. He closed out of his texts and opened, also for the thousandth time, the voicemail Sam had accidentally left him shortly after. Dean lay back against his pillow and closed his eyes, pressing his phone to his ear, and for the thousandth time, his heart seized when Castiel’s muffled voice came through the speaker.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I shouldn’t—”
“Great,” sighed Dean. He leaned his head forward to rest his forehead against the cool lip of the tub, squinting shut his eyes.
“Okay, shut up, both of you!” Sam finally snapped, throwing up his palms. Dean and Jack silenced and turned to Sam; Dean petulant, Jack sheepish. He exhaled and went on quietly, restrained. “Look. I know the last few days haven’t been easy, and we’re all itchy from being cooped up in here with all the stress. But this isn’t helping. You can fight when we’ve got Cas back, but right now, I need to
“Will it change anything to wonder?” asked Cas, leaning up. “What good does it do to question? We can’t go back.” He squeezed Dean’s hand and slipped out of bed, scooping up a pair of boxers and stepping into them as he walked towards the record player, still skipping with static.
“Last time I was human,” Castiel started softly, looking up from his palms, “Dean dropped me off at work and I felt this twisting pain in my chest when he left. I hated it. I didn’t know what it meant.” He cleared his throat and looked away from Sam. “I thought I was sick. But now I feel it again. It’s almost physical, and it turns so quickly from hurt to anger. It’s…jarring.”
“I used a simple telekinetic spell to lift it from his pocket while he had his fingers in poor Castiel’s noggin,” she confirmed.
“So what
Album: Nebraska (1982)
“Yeah,” answered Dean obviously. “And with no pina coladas.”
“You need to eat something,” Sam answered simply. “And you were—I can’t explain it, Dean. You weren’t even acting human. It was like something had taken over you. I didn’t know what else to do.”
“Jack, why don’t you just get some lunch?” He shook his watch out of his shirt and sighed again. “It’s like twelve-thirty.”
“This one sounds like Heaven. As it used to be.”
“Okay,” said Sam. “Burgers?”
“Pining after your ex, hoping they’ll come crawling back with time? That’s some minor-league shit.”
“Apparently,” said Dean. Castiel stopped again in the sand close enough that the waves were just barely missing their feet, and Dean stopped with him.
Album: Boston (1976)
“I love you,” Dean whispered back, and licked into Castiel’s mouth, rolling his hips at the same time.
“Great,” said Dean. “Then it’s a Deal. How do we bind it?”
Castiel nodded and groaned. He rocked forward in the seat, hands clenching hard into fists. Grace rippled beneath his skin like wild veins of electricity.
Cas hummed and smiled. “That’s true,” he conceded. He opened his eyes and rolled to face Dean, mirroring his position. “But you never write letters.”
Castiel returned the smile, beaming with something like fatherhood as he watched Jack replicate the sigil once more, then check a small book of warding sketches and move on to the next. He turned to observe Sam and Rowena finishing up more sigils on the other side of the cheap, cramped room.
“Alright,” said Dean, and disappeared back down the aisle.
Dean stared speechlessly back at Castiel, searching his gaze, until Castiel simply smiled and claimed a quick, gentle kiss. “Now,” said Castiel, backing away and releasing Dean. “Let’s go ‘kick it in the ass.’”
Castiel beamed a smile at Dean and leaned in to plant a fond kiss on his lips. “No,” he said around the kiss. “I heard your stomach. And I’ve always been able to sense your longing.”
“So it’s okay if I do this?”
“We gotta be,” said Dean. He shoved the compass out to the side to show Sam. “Look at this thing. And the river—”
“I do,” said Castiel. “So I knew you’d come for me.”
“Rowena…” Dean growled as Castiel’s eyes rolled back into his head.
Castiel sucked in a breath and stared up at Dean, voice stuck in his throat. He swallowed, then asked, “What do you want to talk about?”
“I uhh,” Dean started. He shook his head and laughed softly at himself, finally looking up to Castiel. “Okay, I’m just gonna come out with it. And you can say no, because—because I’d say no to me. And I won’t hold it against you, and we can pretend it never happened if you want to, ‘cause—”
“Maybe,” Castiel answered, testing his fist. “It feels a little looser.”
“Dude, you
Dean shook his head. “Nah, I like it. It’s—I dunno. Classic Cas.” He paused, then added, “Not that I don’t like how your hair is now.”
Castiel sighed and finally ceased his scratching. “Please don’t.”
“It must be the spell,” Castiel grumbled, ignoring Dean’s initial question.
There are still some facets of human behavior that confuse him, but Dean’s reaction isn’t one of them. His face changes and he squirms like he wants to hide—and it’s all Cas can do to not whisk across the room and sweep Dean into his arms.
“Just—don’t tell me next time,” said Dean, a smile tugging at one corner of his mouth.
Sam glanced up from an old tome he was perusing when Dean shuffled in. “Oh, good, you found breakfast.”
“You’re staring, and I’m in my birthday suit, buddy,” Dean said, clearing his throat.
“Are you kidding?” said Dean, lurching forward. “You know what happened—”
Castiel’s chest filled with a warm pride that countered his tight stomach oddly, and he nodded at Jack. He slipped a hand in his pocket as he walked for the door, gripping the grace in his palm. Behind him, he heard Jack say something low in Latin, heard Sam answer the phone, and though a purple light illuminated the wall, he went out the door without looking back.
Dean’s heart stuttered and he snapped up to look down at Castiel, who was staring up at him, blue eyes wide. He didn’t look the least bit tired. “Cas! Hey, hey are you okay?”
“Is he—” Sam swallowed, lowering himself beside his brother.
“Shh—Sammy!” Dean warned, pulling back a bit to hiss at Castiel, though his own voice was fraught and broken with pleasure.
“I like it,” mumbled Castiel, almost sleepily.
(See the end of the chapter for
He let out a sigh and turned to the books, but his phone was buzzing almost immediately.
The room dissolved into silence once more, and it stayed that way for almost three minutes until Rowena said, simply, “It’s nearly there, lads.”
“Yeah. Look, man, I’m gonna hit the sack. We’ve got a long day of research tomorrow,” said Dean, rising and stretching.
“Aye, you didn’t think I’d stay here, did you?” Rowena smiled. “Just remember our deal, boys. Au revoir!”
Dean caught Castiel’s emotional shift just as he began to rise, and his fighting smile slipped away into a worried frown. “Cas?” He pushed to a seat in the floor and watched Castiel’s back retreating for the door. “Cas, wait—”
Castiel sat up after a moment as well, tugged up his sweatpants. “I know. I’m sorry. I wish I knew how to help.”
Sam and Dean looked at each other in some silent, sibling understanding, and then they both smiled back at Castiel.
“It’s alright, Dean.”
“You don’t think Michael’s ready to kill us on sight?”
“That’s not what I mean,” sighed Sam. He rubbed his hand over his face and leaned back tiredly in the chair. “Cas, look—we heard what Michael said, about what you saw. And it’s not like—it’s not like you two hide it well anyway.”
Sam and Dean both stopped and turned around to find Castiel and Jack both staring and smiling, and standing in the same way—arms folded, head tilted. It was almost comical.
Michael?” He repeated lowly.
Castiel remembers the third time it happens, but he tried to forget.
Dean staggered backwards into his room, propelled by Castiel’s kiss, and Castiel closed the door behind them without parting their lips. Dean gasped into the kiss, shocked, but not resistant. Castiel gripped Dean’s hip and started walking them backwards, and Dean only broke the kiss when Castiel wound a hand into the back of his hair, and he flinched. Castiel blinked and withdrew and looked down to find his hand speckled in blood.
Sam stared at Castiel in the red light, his face falling. “We always knew this was going to happen, but…are you alright? Do we need to extract it, like last time?”
“Remember,” Sam warned. “You’re surprised.” He turned to walk toward the back exit and Dean and Castiel followed behind, hands linked.
“And free will?” Castiel asked. “Choice? Dreams? Love?”
Dean smirked again, and he snorted out a little laugh. “Okay, without reading my mind—because you promised—what am I thinking now?”
“Guys, go clean up,” repeated Sam. “Get something to eat if you want it and then come downstairs to the medical room. I’ll be there with Rowena.” Dean and Castiel stood there in silence, and Sam sighed, pointing down the hall. “Go!”
Castiel was silent for a few more beats, and then asked, still wooden and shell-shocked, “Are we?”
starving,” he mumbled. He looked back to Castiel. “Cas, are you…psychic now?”
“Hey Cas,” he clapped the angel easily on the shoulder—that kind of touch, at least, was familiar, “We should be getting home. Claire’ll burn the kitchen down if she has to cook her own dinner.”
“You’re not any of those things,” assured Dean. “Your grace is down the hall. It just takes time. And even without it, you’re not helpless.” He cleared his throat and sat up, pulling his boxers up and running his fingers down Castiel’s back. “If we’re being honest, man, I think I got some kind of PTSD. I saw you die—bright light, burnt wings, the whole thing—and I don’t know. It messed me up. It’s not your fault, and it’s not fair. But it messed me up.”
Castiel stood by the door, transfixed.
“We don’t have time for this,” Castiel whispered into Dean’s kiss, but didn’t make any effort to stop. Instead, in a too-quick-to-be-human movement, Castiel
There was no answer, so he banged again, and then Jack appeared around the corner. “The…power,” Sam muttered, trying to save it, but Jack was unmoved.
Cas snorted. “Always, but no.”
“Yeah, okay,” said Dean. He blew out a steadying breath, then rose to look up into the late afternoon sky. “Weird,” he said.
“Nothing’s with me, what’s with you?” Dean balked.
“What do you mean I
She stopped again, blinking her teary eyes to the back of the room at Dean and Castiel. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize we had new members.” The whole room turned on the hunter and his angel, offering polite, weak smiles in the wake of the devastating news. Dean opened his mouth and closed it a few times, and finally, Cas took the lead when he realized Dean wasn’t going to get a word out.
The yard looked like a craft store had vomited all over it. Cheap white paper streamers tangled haphazardly along the tree line, interspersed with flashes of equally cheap streaks of metallic gold. They rustled and glinted in the breeze and morning sunlight, some of the free ends curling up in lazy waves with the wind. The same streamers were draped in random places throughout the yard: taped to the concrete walls of the bunker, wrapped around a rusted-out grill, tied into clumsy bows around the backs of the chairs. The round table was covered in what looked like white butcher paper, and Jack had covered it in so much gold glitter that the breeze picked up a little at a time in puffs of sparkling dust. In the middle of the table was a small, lopsided white cake on a plate Sam recognized from the bunker’s kitchen and an ugly bucket, also tied with streamers, full of ice and bearing a bottle of cheap champagne. A stack of four plates and silverware was beside the cake, which read, in bad blue-iced handwriting, “Congrats Cas and Dean,” four glasses beside those, and every other free space on the table was covered in mugs and jars half-filled with water, some holding leaves and random assortments of autumn wildflowers. A radio played soft classic rock from somewhere. Probably beneath the table, Sam guessed.
“I am fighting,” answered Castiel. He reached back out for Dean and cradled his cheek with one hand. When Dean leaned into the touch, Castiel stepped forward to pull him into a tight embrace. “But I’m also watching you,” he said softly into Dean’s ear. “Watching your fear.  I thought if I stayed calm it might keep you from spiraling.”
“It’s a precaution,” said Rowena.
“How can you still—” he choked.
“Damnit, Sammy! Let me out!”
The voice returned. “Now you’ve got it!” It taunted. A shadowy, man-like figure appeared behind Cas, its hand suddenly visible, wrapped around Cas’s mouth, the other on the side of his head. The blue light of angelic grace pulsed dully within the featureless shadow, who tilted what was probably his head. “Did you think this would be so easy? That I wouldn’t return?”
“Uhh—you guys ready?” Sam’s voice came awkwardly from behind.
decision.”
In lieu of an answer, Castiel shook his head and gently pushed on Dean’s chest with his other hand, and Dean sat back on his haunches, straddling him and watching Castiel carefully. Castiel sat up with him and released Dean’s wrist, and after a moment of staring, pulled his shirt up and over his head himself. Dean smirked at him and arched a brow, and Castiel stared for a nervous moment before reaching for the edge of Dean’s t-shirt with both hands. He gripped the hem and started to lift, then looked back up at Dean, as if for permission. Dean’s smile softened. He lifted his arms, and Castiel pushed the t-shirt up until he couldn’t, and as Dean pulled it over his head and tossed it aside, Castiel ran his fingertips down Dean’s sides in wonder and disbelief.
“Is that how it works?” asked Dean, brows knitting.
Dean rolled his eyes. “This how it’s gonna be now?”
“Cheeseburgers,” said Dean, beaming. “With extra cholesterol.”
“That old chestnut?” the woman spoke, her lips curling evilly. “I thought we were beyond questioning reality, Dean.”
Dean gave him an odd look, then wandered over to the table, gruffness returning. “Alright,” he said. “Let’s do this.”
“Why?” countered Dean, trying to conceal the panic rising like bile in his throat. “Like you said, you don’t need him.”
The first half of the drive was anything but quiet. Jack asked Castiel a million and one questions about his own Nephilim grace, how they might get it back, and what it would mean if they couldn’t, and what it was like to be a human. Dean likewise answered questions about what he remembered from his time with Michael: killing the Devil, dressing like a “douchebag,” bits and pieces of the travel, that sometimes it felt like being strapped to a star.
The bells on the door jingled, heralding Sam’s arrival. He threw out his arms and called across to Dean, “Dude, what’s taking so long?”
The door to the back yard was barely open when Jack’s enthusiastic yawp came echoing through the concrete hall. The almost-noon light was momentarily blinding, but soon enough the yard came into focus, and Dean and Castiel were, in fact, taken by surprise. Castiel’s eyes widened and a grin split his lips as he took in the gaudy white and gold scene. Dean, for his part, looked shell-shocked—borderline horrified. Castiel caught sight of it and squeezed Dean’s hand, pulling him out of it. Jack stood behind the flower-stuffed table and cake, arms spread, smiling expectantly.
“I know stuff about tea,” said Sam with a smile.
Jack strode across the room and passed it off, and while Dean kept Castiel above water Sam carefully worked the thermometer beneath his tongue.
“I see,” said Castiel. He nodded and tested the word on his tongue. “Chill.”
“I love it,” said Castiel, smiling. He scooted to the edge of the bed and made to stand, reaching toward Dean. “Do you—” he started, then faltered, knees going weak again.
He must have arrived just minutes behind Castiel, because the angel was standing in the kitchen, still covered in blood and grime, cleaning off a machete in the sink. Dean stormed across the small room and grabbed Castiel, who dropped the knife with a loud clatter, by the collar of the borrowed t-shirt he was still wearing, slamming the angel’s back hard into the wall.
Dean and Castiel made it back to camp, and a still sleeping Sam, a few hours before the sun rose. They bedded down together to catch a few hours of sleep before dawn, and with Castiel in his arms, Dean slept more deeply than he had in weeks despite the hard ground and chilly night breeze. When he did finally wake, it was to the morning sun through mottled leaves gently warming his face, and the light, cheerful songs of foreign birds. He was alone, but for once, that didn’t frighten him. He stretched and rolled over, immediately finding a small pile of strange-looking fruits. Dean reached over and palmed one—a bright pink, apple-sized fruit covered in soft spines—and sat up, squinting off into the near distance to spy Sam and Castiel sitting and talking near the waterfall and the cliff. He smiled to himself and pushed to his feet to stride their way. They didn’t hear his barefoot approach over the waterfall, and Dean hovered a few feet behind them, listening contentedly and picking at the rind of his fruit.
“Yeah,” Dean croaked in answer.
“Hope this is a good time, Cas,” he grumbled to himself, striking a match. He dropped it into the bowl and the herbs began to smolder. It was anticlimactic; no burst of flame or light, just the slow curling of leaves and flowers giving way to heat. Dean watched the smoking contents expectantly, hopefully. He worked his jaw until the pain shot up into his ears. The fire burned low for all of a minute, consumed everything in the bowl to ash. When there was nothing left but faintly glowing embers in the soot, Dean sighed and hunched over the desk in defeat.
” Castiel replied.
“You were wrong about Mom,” said Sam.
“It’s perfect, Jack,” said Castiel, clapping the teen on the shoulder with a proud grin. “Should we drink?”
Michael yanked Castiel backwards as Dean approached, and hissed quickly, “Remember that I gave you a choice.” When Dean was within reach, Michael directed whatever grace he could spare into his fist and threw it, landing it squarely on Dean’s jaw and knocking the hunter back a good ten feet. “And this is the one you made.”
Castiel grinned. “Sorry.”
“You did what you had to do to stop Lucifer,” interrupted Castiel. He finally turned around in his seat to face Dean. “And you did. You killed the Devil, Dean. You won.”
“Yes ma’am,” said Dean. He scooped up the bowl and held it protectively to his chest, setting off down the hall for his room.
“I…don’t think we’d go to Hell,” said Jack, though a note of worry edged into his voice.
Dean grappled for a hold on Castiel’s back as his lover began a gentle, slow bounce. “Oh—god, Cas, I—” He began, but Castiel cut him off.
“Now,” said Dean, scooting forward to lie on his back and crook an arm beneath his head. “We chill.”
“Dean!” Castiel yelled again, and he took a breath to shout once more, but faltered when Sam’s voice rang, oddly, through the roar of the flames.
,” Dean protested. He looked to Sam. “I mean, Hell—haven’t you even died a time or two since then?”
“Romantic Oldies by the Beach,” said Castiel, grinning at Dean. “Volume two.”
Position: Side 2, song 4
“Do you think that’s what I wanted?”
Sam furrowed his brow and set aside his beer. “Dean? What’s going on?” He watched his brother squeeze the edge of the table, then reach up and run a hand over his face, back through his hair, and understanding washed over him in a sad, slow wave. “This isn’t Michael. This is real,” he said softly. “You’re out.”
“Uh-huh.”
Castiel swept his gaze over Dean’s chest, then loosed his hand from Dean’s to trail it down his sternum. “Whatever I want?” he repeated softly.
Castiel looked past Dean to Sam and a wide smile split his face. “Sam!”
“Cas, no,” said Dean. He turned around to find Castiel in his space, but instead of complaining, he put his hand on his chest. Castiel searched his eyes, and Dean could see the shadow of hurt easing into the angel’s gaze. “It’s not like that,” he said, softening. He dipped his chin to claim Castiel’s lips in a quick, but bruising kiss, reaching to thumb over the angel’s cheek. When he felt Castiel relax into him, he broke it to look into his eyes. “Just need a minute to myself, okay?”
“Are you finished with the oil?” Castiel called over to Sam.
Castiel grinned. “Yes, I can get you television,” he answered, and his smile faded back into his trademark serious half-frown. “But I was hoping we could talk.”
“Listen, I know I’ve failed you—I know I have. I couldn’t save you from the Leviathans. I couldn’t save you from Metatron, or Purgatory, or Lucifer—but sometimes you make it hard to know where to start, man.”
More pure and perfect than any human could ever hope to be.”
I feel Dean shudder beneath my touch, but he doesn't withdraw. He doesn't blink. Does he realize he's begun to cry? I don't know. But I don't bring it up. He'd hate it if I did, and I love that I know that.
The thought should have terrified Castiel, and in truth it used to. It’s one of the reasons why he kept Dean at arm’s length, and why he was content to let Dean keep him there as well. Before Dean, he’d never known any duty but to God, any love but for his Father. He’d never had any reason to question his motives or instructions—those were human problems, and Castiel was far from human. Or so he once believed. But what he told Dean those months—or weeks—ago was true: God must have known he was different, that he’d need Dean. And now, of course, he knew that God’s plans and judgements were drafts at best, and now God was gone completely. And of course, what the other angels had said—what even Crowley had known—was true: that Castiel was lost from the beginning, from the first moment he laid eyes on Dean’s bright and brilliant soul in Hell. Dean had supplanted God on his pedestal long ago, had become the object of Castiel’s devotion, his worship. He spent years denying and fearing it but knew it now to be fact. Now, watching Dean wade into the water, he was no longer afraid. He knew that if there truly was a punishment for this betrayal, he’d gladly take an eternity of it for these stolen moments with Dean.
He wiped his fingers on his jeans and swiped the phone, pocketed it, then snagged the plate of bacon and went to go meet the others.
When he was gone, Dean let his façade shrink. His shoulders fell and his hard face softened as he stepped toward Castiel. “Cas, I—”
All the warmth of the moment left Dean’s chest in a punch, replaced by a chill of dread. “Don’t you ever leave me,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s lips.
“And that’s what you got,” she answered, voice even. “I can’t help if you slept longer. That was you, not the spell.”
“Hmmph,” Castiel laughed through his lips, dropping his hand. He looked over at Dean and exhaled a happy sigh. “I love you.”
Dean snorted and rolled his eyes. “You already did the God thing, Cas.”
“A bullet will hurt me, but it could kill you,” the angel answered gruffly. “Let me at least get us oriented.”
as it is
the song ended, and Castiel didn’t move to repeat it. “We can listen to something else,” he deflected, and moved his finger instead toward the eject button as the next song began.
“Aye,” nodded Rowena, meticulously rearranging a few jars of sinister-looking liquids. “Go and fetch the lovebirds?”
“Yeah, Dean,” Michael interrupted. “Maybe you should.”
“…fair point. But we don’t have his grace.” Dean didn’t answer, and Sam pressed. “We left Michael’s grace back at the bunker, right Dean?”
Castiel scoffed but didn’t open his eyes. “Yes, Dean.”
Position: Side 1, Song 4
“Dean…” Castiel whispered, unintended fear pinching his features.
“There’s not a wrong way to cut an onion. And since when are you the vegetable expert? You hate vegetables.”
Song: "Soldier of Fortune"
“Nah,” said Dean, catching Castiel’s hand. He moved it aside before letting go and hitting rewind himself. “Play it again if you like it. But that’s not what I asked. What’s got you down, Cas?”
Jack nodded. “I get it. Like faith.”
Sam watched until he disappeared, then looked down to quickly thumb out a text to Jack.
Dean toted the chair over to the tub and set it down near Castiel’s head. “I got him, Sam.”
“That we’re—y’know. A thing.”
"No, Cas, I--" Dean's voice is rough and low. He clears his throat before he speaks again. "I guess it's just--I just forget sometimes, you know? What you are. Too comfortable with you, maybe."
be, so on the walk back to his room, Dean focused hard on believing Cas should be in there and not the kitchen. If he opened his door and found the angel, he’d have definite confirmation that this was all some kind of messed up dream. If not, well. Square one.
“Yeah Cas, don’t,” said Michael. He smirked and took a half-step back, but Castiel pressed forward with him, the blade never leaving his throat. “What do you want?” Michael hissed through his teeth, façade cracking.
“I don’t know,” grumbled Castiel. He ground his teeth together and managed to huff out a rough breath. “Call Rowena.”
The rustling of leaves in a pleasant breeze prompted Castiel to finally open his eyes, and he gazed up at a sky so bright and blue it put his irises to shame. Slowly, he pushed himself to a seat, blinking in the light of a strong afternoon sun—the source of the warmth, he realized. As his vision adjusted, Castiel came to realize he had been lying in a small, but beautiful meadow full of white clover, flanked on all sides by a forest of towering pine. A small flutter of joy rose in his chest, and Castiel craned his neck to search for Dean. He crooked his knees to stand up, only then remembering that one of his legs should be in terrible pain but wasn’t. The flutter curled in on itself, traveled down into his gut in a wave of nauseas dread. “Michael,” he murmured to no one.
“Tell me, Castiel,” he said, still smiling like a wolf. “What was it like to watch him kissing you and not feel a thing?”
“The highest the thermometer goes is a hundred and twenty,” said Sam, squinting.
“Should’ve woken me up,” said Dean, ignoring Rowena to grouch at Sam.
“He’s an angel,” reminded Sam gently, removing the thermometer and setting it on a nearby table. “He’ll pull through.”
“I—didn’t think of it that way. I guess I did.”
Castiel felt the rage in his chest calm, the tendrils of it receding like weeds in winter, crawling back into the cracks of a sidewalk. “I do,” he murmured, nearly a purr, as he wound his arms around Dean’s waist. He let out a contented sigh and closed his eyes, nuzzling Dean’s forehead with his own. “I could get used to this.”
Sam and Rowena were waiting in the war room. Dean hadn’t bothered to clean himself up and hadn’t given Castiel the time to do it either. They’d both slept in their jeans, and Dean dragged Castiel down the hallway by his wrist, both of them bloody-faced and rumbled from sleep, hair a mess. Dean still hadn’t cut his since Michael evacuated, and it was as long as Castiel’s, and sticking out in much the same way.
“I’m going to give you this wee bit of Michael’s archangel grace,” she said. “And in return, if you catch wind of my future exploits and you find them
“Eden,” said Dean, trying to back up Sam. “Paradise.”
“Sam,” said Dean on an exhale, blinking away the fog to face his brother. His heartbeat retreated from his ears to his throat, and suddenly, each beat pierced him with the cold knife of grief. “Cas is—”
“Shhh,” Castiel mocked, and Dean shook his head, shutting him up with another bruising kiss and stroke of his fist.
The meeting ended after about an hour, and Dean and Cas got to work making small talk, gleaning what details they could about the disappearances from the other parents. When Dean heard a snippet of Castiel’s conversation with a parent behind him (“You have a greyhound? Are you aware many of them are only capable of thinking in ovals?”), he decided it was time to go.
“Just too easy, man,” Dean answered when he regained some composure, and without thinking, reached over to brush a few fallen spikes of dark hair from Castiel’s forehead. When he realized, he withdrew his hand quickly to instead claim his burrito, refusing to make eye contact with anyone as he took a too-large bite, but from the corner of his eye he saw Sam and Jack smile.
“Oh, no I didn’t mean—” Jack started.
“No,” said Dean, brow wrinkling. “It’s—never mind.” He sighed and shook his head, then turned to Sam. “Okay, let’s hear it.”
“Like you did with saying ‘yes’ to Michael in the first place?” snapped Castiel.
Jack was the only one present, scrolling through the news on Sam’s laptop while he shoveled massive spoonfuls of unnatural, neon-colored cereal into his mouth. He grinned when Dean arrived, chipmunk-cheeked.
” Dean insisted. He lifted his chin to follow Castiel up, nipping his lip. “I did the hard part so I get to say ‘same’ if I want.”
Castiel watched, eyes wide and lust-blown, jaw slack as Dean stepped out of the shower and wrapped himself in a towel. “Why’d you do that?” he said, almost breathless as he turned off the water.
” Dean’s features didn’t change, and after a moment of staring, Rowena rolled her eyes. “Honestly, Dean, did you never have a geology class?”
“Alright,” said Sam. He polished off the rest of his food in record time, downed the rest of his coffee with a grimace, then scooped up one of the backpacks. “Let’s do this.”
“And it won’t take weeks the other way?” said Sam.
“How do you mean?”
“To say nothing of your unpreparedness,” said Cas, rolling his eyes.
“Mmm. Better,” said Dean, eyes closed. He didn’t open them, but tensed just barely, and began, “Cas, is this—”
fight in the car that time, on the Lily Sunder case—”
“You guys
“What now?”
Cas opened his mouth and held up the vial. The grace rushed in, hungry for a vessel, and Castiel’s veins felt suddenly like they were filled with fire. The room settled briefly into darkness as he swallowed it down and the firelight died, but not for long.
Castiel didn’t take a break. As soon as Dean left the bunker, he returned to digging through the lore. Dean meant well in telling him to watch some TV, he knew, but he also knew it was a leisure he didn’t have. The grace was burning in him again, and every now and then he could see its light ghost beneath the skin of his hands and forearms.
Castiel looked away from Dean and pulled his knees in to sit cross-legged. He lowered his hands to his lap to stare at his palms. He flexed his fingers as if they belonged to someone else and scrunched his nose. “I’m human.”
Dean snorted again. “Ahh, no harm done. C’mon.” He tugged at Castiel’s hand and dusted as much sand as he could from his feet before sinking cross-legged on the blanket. He snagged one of the strawberries and took a huge bite as Castiel sat down beside him, smiling goofily. “Wha’s duh CD?” he said around a mouthful.
“Cas,” said Dean around a yawn. “How long you been awake?”
Castiel growled low in his throat and swung for Dean, but Dean deflected. He caught Castiel’s arm and rotated them so that Castiel’s arm was twisted to back, and Dean pressed against it. He turned them and shoved Castiel’s chest hard into the wall. “You done?” he asked Castiel, but Castiel growled and reached a leg behind him to hook his foot around one of Dean’s ankles. He pulled and Dean toppled, landing hard on the floor on his back—but he pulled Castiel down with him. Castiel’s rage built up in his chest, and he flipped, straddled Dean on the floor and drew back his fist with intent, his teeth clenched.
“Aight Cas, time to knock it off,” Dean grumbled into Castiel’s hair nearly four hours later. “I got like, one more Beatles song up my sleeve, and then I’m switching to Bon Jovi.” He plucked the thermometer from Castiel’s mouth—ninety-eight point six. “Just gonna annoy you awake.”
Song: "I Want To Know What Love Is"
“But no hunting,” said Castiel.
The angel nodded and his shoulders relaxed at Dean’s touch, his gaze sweeping back out to the dark sea. “I worry.”
Cas watched Dean carefully as he spoke, his features smoothing out—trying to rid his face of the human hurt he’d grown accustomed to having, and to hiding. He nodded once. “It’s alright, Dean. I wasn’t trying to make you uncomfortable.”
Castiel had Dean’s belt and jeans undone and was pushing his hands into Dean’s boxers, fingers squeezing Dean’s hip. He broke away from Dean’s lips to start trailing kisses and nips down Dean’s chest instead. He pushed Dean’s back to the table and was biting the skin over Dean’s his hipbone, about to relieve Dean of his clothing, when he suddenly froze in place. “Who else is in the bunker?”
“Persephone?” said Dean. “Seriously? You’re Persephone?” He balked and began working at his lower lip between his teeth.
“Dean!” Sam yelled, joined shortly after by Jack.
Dean. I’m not here to hurt anyone. Well,” he shrugged, grinning. “Not unless you force my hand.”
Dean mouthed in exaggerated annoyance when Rowena turned her head. A zap of electricity shocked him on the back of his head, startling out of him a lowly audible “Ouch!”
“And you don’t know Dean Winchester,” said Castiel, tightening his grip on the blade. “But I do. And I know he’d rather die than be trapped in there with
One of them Castiel took out himself—just swooped in and finished it—but something happened. He was mid-flight tracking the second, sending intel back to Sam, Dean, and Jack on the ground via angel radio and a Walkie-Talkie, when suddenly he found himself not flying, but falling. Panic rose in his chest as he flapped invisible wings that felt with every other beat like they were burning out. The last time he was falling this fast he left a crater in the earth, and just as he was about to brace for impact, his wings flickered into being one last time and slowed him just enough to only take out a handful of trees.
“What’s it say?” asked Dean.
“How did you know this was here?” Castiel asked as Dean pulled off the dirt road and slowed to a stop near a solid-looking stretch of shoreline.
of it, and it’s so messy, and complicated, and—”
Songs Mentioned:
Sam glanced over at Dean, then looked over to Castiel and sighed. He abandoned his pillow-fluffing and slipped into the seat opposite Castiel. “Cas,” he started softly. “You okay?”
“No hunting.”
“What time is it anyway?” Dean wondered as Castiel turned into the kitchen, releasing Dean to make a beeline for the fridge.
Dean looked from Sam to Castiel and sighed, shuddered. “You were gone,” he said, voice wavering. Tears welled in his eyes again, still wide with fear. “I woke up and you—”
“And when Dean started taking your—well, your hallucination’s clothes off, what was
“Mmm,” hummed Dean again, and he sighed as he rolled his head to give Castiel better access.
“Couldn’t you always just take it back out, if you wanted to?” Jack interrupted. “When you were ready? Or wait until it went away on its own?”
“Yeah,” said Sam again. He watched Castiel for a moment, then took a step forward. “Hey,” he said softly. Sam reached out and pulled Castiel into a quick hug, slapping him lovingly on the back. “Seriously.”
“Well, let’s hear ‘em.”
Dean, for once, didn’t argue; instead, he swallowed a thick lump that had been living in his throat since Castiel disappeared behind the veil into Eden, and offered a curt nod.
“Dean’s trying to spite us with…” Castiel squinted at the bags of pork rinds remaining on the shelf. “The fried skin of pigs. Which doesn’t seem—”
“I know, I know,” Castiel soothed, leaning his forehead back against the strange window. “He can’t kill me if he wants his grace back. He knows that. I’m collateral.”
“Listen, I’m not good at this,” Dean interrupted. “I never have been. And if we—if we do this thing for real, say it out loud and make it true, I don’t know how that works,” he confessed. “I don’t know what that looks like, Cas. This is uncharted territory. What I
Dean didn’t speak, just stared slack-jawed, and Castiel sighed. He returned his hands to Dean’s shoulders to gently move him a step aside, then leaned down to turn on the sink and splash his own face until the water ran clear, then pat it dry. He turned back to Dean. “I’m asking you to stay with me.”
“Dean, it’s us!” Castiel yelled, shuffling as close to the fire as he could.
“Love you,” Dean mumbled back.
Dean snorted. “It means you relax. Take it all in. Try not to think about anything bad.”
Song: "Wond'Ring Aloud"
He left the plates and box on the blanket, then rose to walk a few feet back through the sand to where the shrubs and grasses began. Castiel poked through the scrub for a minute or two until he found a couple of reasonably long branchlings, then returned to the blanket. He stuck them into the sand, one at each of the top two corners of the blanket, and then drew a small string of old-fashioned, multi-colored Christmas lights from the duffel and carefully twisted them up one branch and down the other, making a kind of drape in the middle. Finally, he pulled a small boom box, one last bag, an envelope, and another small box from the duffel, then shoved their earlier discarded clothes into the bag.
Castiel nodded and moved across the room to lean against the windowsill. He tapped at his phone, and moments later, said, “Sam’s on his way. I’ll alert the nurse.”
When the backs of his legs hit the mattress, Dean wound a hand back around Castiel’s waist and turned them so it was Castiel, not Dean, who was forced into seat. Castiel leaned back on his hands and stared up at Dean, and Dean leaned down to capture the angel’s lips once more, pushing against his shoulder. Castiel dragged himself backwards and Dean crawled with him. Once the angel was flat on his back he gently directed his arms above his head, linking their fingers. He pinned Castiel down with kisses and hands, and Castiel arched into him. Dean steadied himself and released Castiel’s hands but not his lips, reaching down to pull up the hem of Castiel’s shirt.
When Sam and Dean manage to subdue the evil archangel that’s wearing Castiel’s body, and he gets to come out for a moment, gets to hear the way Dean so desperately says his name.
“And option three?” Belial hissed.
Castiel’s mouth opened, just slightly, but he didn’t yet speak. Instead, he followed Michael quietly through the forest, toward the sound of rushing water. After a few minutes of walking, the trees again began to thin, the ground slowly bearing less and less grass, turning to stone. When they finally broke through the other side of the tree line, Castiel sucked in a breath.
Dean offered a soft smile, and Castiel turned on his heel to stride purposefully toward Dean and throw his arms around his neck, pulling him in for a kiss. Sam smirked and looked down, twirling his knife. Cas pulled away after a moment and smiled back at a shocked Dean. “Last one as a human,” he said, and then popped the cork of his grace.
“Let him go,” demanded Dean, but his voice wavered. He reached out for Cas and tried to step forward, but it was like the air was suddenly slow and thick, the ground beneath him sucking at his feet like wet cement. “He doesn’t have his grace. He’s human. You don’t need him.”
Sam blew out a breath through his nose. “Yeah.” He idly pressed
Song: "Stormbringer"
Castiel grinned and held onto Dean’s hand, pulling him in the other direction down the dark hallway until the reached a turn. Left would take them to the stairs into the medical room, where a cabinet held Castiel’s grace. Right would take them through another hallway that curved around and down into the ‘Dean Cave,’ and that’s where Castiel went.
Dean startled out of his grouchy stare at Castiel and nodded, turning on a heel. Castiel cast Sam a worried look, which Sam returned with a sigh, before the angel followed Dean down the hallway.
An invisible band tightened around his stomach and punched the air from his lungs; sent his heart thundering up into his throat.
And I shake my head
Jack stared down into his glass, then looked up to Dean, then Castiel. He stared between them a moment, then broke into a wide grin. “Sam told me this would happen,” he said, matter-of-factly.
“Cas!” he called down the corridor, and about twenty feet away, Castiel backed up around a corner to look his way, brows lifted. Dean jogged the length of the hall to catch up to him, and when he did, he took Castiel’s face in both his hands and pushed him up against the wall, kissing him hard and desperately.
“Are you serious?” Sam threw up his hands. “You brought it
“Please stop asking questions and go to bed,” Castiel groaned. “Leave me here to die.”
“You’re sure?” Dean asked.
“Yeah,” said Sam. “Alright, I’m gonna go keep breakfast warm for him.”
“What the Hell were you thinking?” Dean spat, knuckles white around Castiel’s shirt. “You could’ve gotten yourself killed!”
Dean’s hands pushed Castiel into the earth, unwound the arms from his neck to wind their fingers together and pin Castiel’s hands above his head as he slowly sped up his rhythm, making hard, lush love in the soft grass. He tried to keep Castiel from sliding, but it felt as if the ground moved beneath them with every thrust.
“Tautology,” Castiel answered, twitching a little smirk at Dean.
” said Sam, eyes widening.
“Oh, sure,” said Jack. He grinned at Dean, then turned to Castiel, setting the raw meat aside on the table. “How are you feeling, Castiel?”
“Good, that’s great,” stammered Sam, and he started to stand, but Castiel motioned him down. “Want uhh—coffee, anything?”
The next time the Bunker went dark, Jack confirmed what Sam suspected.
“Yeah, I bet,” said Sam, and his face twisted into something more serious. “He wouldn’t leave your side. He was down there with his hands in the ice, holding you up, for hours. He sang to you.” Sam scoffed humorlessly, and added, “He’d kill me if he knew I told you that last bit.”
"I know, Cas. I--" he begins, and I'm gentle, or I think I'm gentle, but I shake my head and pat his leg, only briefly, to interrupt.
Dean snorted. “Yeah.”
“What do you mean?” asked Castiel, seriously. “I told you, I had seven minutes.”
“So it’ll go faster if you’re
When did this angel—this immortal celestial creature—start to age and look like him: weary?
“I enjoyed it as a human,” Castiel said, shrugging. “It doesn’t serve much of a purpose now other than habit. I suppose if I drank enough, but it would take—well, more than we have here for not much payoff.”
go to lift Dean, both hands moving to grab the backs of Dean’s knees and sweep him up to seat Dean around his waist. Dean sucked in a breath of surprise, but kept his lips pressed to Castiel’s, his fingers deep in the angel’s dark hair. Dean parted his lips to speak but found himself cut off.
“Four months,” said Sam, cringing.
Dean sniffed. “Yeah, alright.”
Dean’s heart pounded in his chest. He felt like a raw nerve—vulnerable, open. He was exhausted but exhilarated, too tired to worry about keeping up his walls. Without really meaning to, he answered, meeting Castiel’s gaze, “Then touch me, Cas.”
“You know, you don’t have to help.” Dean shouldered Sam.
“And Michael was my choice, but you still came for me,” said Dean. “Because that’s what we do, Cas. That’s what family does: we save each other. Or we die trying. You don’t get to give up, because I can’t—” Dean paused and sucked in a breath, then folded. “Because I’m lost without you. I was
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel tensed his arms around Dean, somehow tighter, and he almost worried that it was too much. But Dean didn’t express pain, so he let himself hold his beloved too tensely, gave into the need of it. “What makes you think I’m okay?” He whispered into Dean’s hair.
Artist: Eagles
“Yeah,” said Dean shortly, wadding up his flannel and tossing it to the table where it landed with a low, wet slap.
Cas reached to touch two fingers to Dean’s forehead, mumbling, “I can at least stop the bleeding.” He looked over to Sam, wondering, “And you and Claire?”
Sam’s brow creased. “You think we need to summon him?”
“One knocks me out,” he said to Castiel, reading the muscle relaxer’s label. “How many should you take?”
Dean snorted and looked away. “Yeah,” he said. “That a hint?”
“That’s why people pinch themselves,” he said aloud. He coughed and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, sitting back. He stared long and hard at the record player on the dresser, and then he stood.
Sam groaned and shook his head, running a hand over his face. When he opened his eyes again, Castiel was standing in the doorway in jeans and Dean’s gray AC/DC t-shirt, watching him curiously. “Hey, Cas,” he sighed, turning for the pantry.
“Yes,” said Castiel, sighing through his nose. He was quiet for a time, thoughtful, until they reached the caution light at the edge of the town limits, the yellow lights blinking for no one at this infant hour. He slowed to a stop anyway, letting the engine turn over and putter. “We’ll find a way to get your powers back,” he said. “I swear we will.”
Castiel smiled. “I know. I could hear you.”
good, but ten minutes is quick even for me.”
Castiel stood in the road, lips pressed, and watched the taillights disappear. After a minute, he crossed back to the right side and tugged the earbuds from his phone. He stuffed them in his pocket and pressed Dean’s name on speed-dial. Castiel smirked to himself, darkly, when it went straight to voicemail. Dean had already turned off his phone. He thumbed out a text to Sam and then pocketed his phone once more. He jogged the rest of the way home in silence.
“Oh, so you were just going to sneak in and what? Hope I didn’t notice?”
be wise to mock a witch,” Rowena said simply.
“Because I pulled you out,” said Castiel gently. His thumb swiped away a tear on Dean’s cheek. “Because we found you. Because,” Castiel began, and then smiled a little. “Because I’m human, otherwise I wouldn’t be experiencing my first hangover—which is less than pleasant.”
“Yes,” answered Castiel for the both of them, stepping away from Dean.
” He lingered there a moment, then leaned back just enough to look at Dean. When he spoke again his voice was gruffer than usual—almost frightened. “I know you worry, but—could you learn to be okay with this and want it too?”
A thick silence rolled into the room like fog, so tangible the act of clearing it enough to speak true felt, to Dean, physical. When he finally answered, his voice was almost a whisper. “You’re human. You die a lot easier now. I can’t—” his voice got caught in his throat and he shook his head.
“Okay,” said Dean. He nodded. “Thanks, Cas.”
“Of course,” said Castiel.
“Yeah,” said Dean. “I think—me and Cas were official.”
I was there to witness the beginning of
“He loves you, Cas,” he said softly. “More than I think he’s ever loved anyone. When you were—when you died, man, I really thought he was gonna die too. I think he wanted to. I think he even tried.” Sam closed the book in front of him and slid it away, taking a long drink from his beer. “I know you think when he says we need you that he means as a weapon,” he said. “But what he means is
Artist: The Doors
“Gnaw on your lip.”
“Oh, no,” said Jack. “I told him Sam went for a run and suggested he go for one too.”
Sam and Dean stumbled down the hall, gripping the walls for support. They made it to their rooms just barely. Dean was unconscious the moment he fell face-first into bed.
” he growled. “No more questions. Not about that.”
“And you won’t hurt us?” Dean asked. “How can we trust you?”
Castiel cracked a little smile as the trio dissolved into silence. The sun was warm on his face, and in spite of what the evening promised to bring, he felt happy—his lover, his brother, both here and healthy and whole, seeing something no human had witnessed before. The scene filled him with a strange surge of pride, and after a moment he cleared his throat, scuffed the toe of his sneaker into the rock below. “We have some time,” he said. Both boys turned to look his way. “I could—you know—show you around.”
“I didn’t,” said Cas, a wide grin splitting his face. “But we’ve played this game a hundred times, and that’s always what you say when I guess wrong.” He propped himself up onto an elbow and shrugged. “It was a gambit. Looks like it worked this time.” Dean stared at him, slack-jawed as his anger drained, and Cas tilted his head, narrowed his eyes. “Now you try to guess what I’m thinking.”
“Dude,
“Cas, please,” said Dean, and lifted his arm again to actually squeeze Castiel on the shoulder, who looked over at him briefly before returning his eyes to the road. “I’m not mad. I’m worried.”
“Coming!” Jack’s voice sounded from somewhere beyond the trees.
“What d’you mean?” asked Sam.
“He says it hurts,” said Dean, cracking open his beer mechanically. “But he describes the physical pain as like…I dunno. Like we’d talk about a headache, or a sprained ankle. I don’t think that’s the bad part.”
Castiel balked, stopping in his tracks. “I don’t—”
“Yeah, ‘course,” said Sam, then chuckled. “It’s like seven forty-five in the morning, but what the hell—grab me one too.”
“…Dean?” said Jack quietly.
Slowly, the dark mirror began to shimmer like black silk in liquid ink. A face, pale as death and twice as horrible, appeared in the center. It was that of an impossibly old man, the skin stretched gaunt over bones just inhuman enough to be unsettling, and whiter than chalk. Wisps of smoke curled away from his temples like hair, or the ghosts of horns, and where there should have been lips there were only teeth. His nose was almost not a nose—more nostrils slit snakelike into the center of his face—and there were no eyes to speak of, only empty sockets of unending black, but despite that Dean had the distinct feeling Belial was looking deep into his soul.
“I am,” said Castiel, reaching for Dean’s hand to beckon him down. “I do want to be home. I just—”
either help or shut the hell up?”
“Right…” said Dean, hesitating, his cheer fading. “Are you good, Cas? Like really good? I—” he cut himself off and the reality of the last hour settled in. He stared at Castiel’s back, his shoulder blades through the t-shirt, eyes wide.
“Er—no. With you and Dean, I mean.”
“Because you have a chance to be happy?” asked Sam gently. “Or because Cas is a guy?” Dean’s head shot up and he looked at Sam, wide-eyed and red-cheeked, but didn’t speak. Sam scoffed, and continued, “C’mon, man. It’s 2018, nobody cares. And like I said: I’ve known for years. Everybody has. And not just about you and Cas—even before him. Like I never noticed you checking out a dude before.”
Castiel pushed back onto his haunches, seating himself on Dean at his deepest yet and propelling himself upwards with his knees and the muscles in his thighs. He lifted his arms, exposing his own long torso, and wound his hands into his own hair, head thrown back as he bounced hard on Dean’s length while Dean’s slick hand pumped his own erection in time.
He stared at the empty bar again, tonguing his cheek, and then typed, simply,
“Dean, I was just
“Yes it is,” said Dean, matter-of-factly.
time, Cas, I’ve been trying to figure out what the hell is even
Sam looked up at her, brows knit. “Don’t enjoy what?”
“Why now?” Sam cut in, rising slowly, his voice still strained. “We’ve been out here vulnerable before. Why today? What’s different?”
“Probably,” mused Castiel, eyes crinkling at the corners in consideration.
“I—” Cas gulped, but threw his head back into the grass. As he answered, Dean dug his hips into Cas’s again, and Cas arched. Dean dropped his head to Cas’s jaw.
“That’s not the point, Cas!”
“Shit,” said Dean, sighing back into the bed. “What happened? Where’s Sam? Claire?”
“Child’s play, Samuel,” trilled Rowena. She crossed the room to gather her bag. “This spell works inside the mind. Jack’ll be able to see what Michael sees, give us his every move down to the inch until the holy oil’s lit.”
Dean snorted and lifted his head all the way up, his brows raising incredulously, opposite to Castiel’s furrow. “Come on, seriously?” When Castiel shook his head, Dean rolled his eyes. “I remember stuff too. You wanted me and Sammy to bow and call you ‘God.’”
“Damnit, Sammy! I don’t—my husb—my Cas is—”
“Here,” said Castiel. His nose wrinkled a bit, and then Dean was wearing a pair of jeans.
Castiel’s lips parted as he stared at Dean, and then he smiled. “Yes,” he said. “I’d like that.”
He's gone before I can answer. That feeling rises in my chest again--that tugging and wrenching, like someone has reached inside me to wring me out. I wish I'd never said that about the 'more profound bond.' I'm not sure it's true anymore. I think it hurts Sam--or maybe I'm reading too much into his nuances. I still do that too often. And Dean--well, it's definitely different. But I don't think it's
“So you’re looking for a second,” said Dean flatly. “Because we’re not even considering that. If Michael senses it when we open the rift, he’ll kill Cas if he hasn—"
“Shut up,” snarked Dean, nudging Castiel to a seat, who bumped his head lightly on the Impala’s roof. “You love it.”
A sickening crack, then the worst pain he’d ever known. Dean’s panicked face across the yard, his voice screaming
.” He looked up to Castiel, who wat watching with that blue intensity, and when it became apparent the angel wasn’t going to speak, he continued.
Castiel shrugged. “I’m not Adam.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “We’ll get him back,” he said to Jack, ignoring Rowena.
Song: "Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You"
“Want me to get the champagne?” asked Sam, half-rising.
“Fair point,” mumbled Castiel, and he too looked over Dean.
“Cas, she’s right,” relented Sam in a low grumble. “And I’m the one who put him up to it so whatever happens in on me. We’re close now anyway.” Silence filled the car as he settled his foot on the pedal even harder, the Impala’s engine roaring and vibrating the floor.
“Dean, hey! Hey, you okay? What happened?” said Sam the moment Dean opened his eyes.
“Stop,” breathed Castiel. He tightened his grip around Dean and slid slowly down, never breaking the kiss, until he was on his back on the seat, Dean’s weight heavy and hot and correct on top of him. Something in his chest broke open, and he slipped a hand into Dean’s hair and tugged. Dean gasped, but Castiel swallowed it with another wide kiss, then another, and another. He could feel the archangel grace pulsing against his skin again, but it only made him more desperate for Dean—his lips, his breath, his warmth—and he licked into Dean’s mouth, pulled him closer, tighter—
Castiel stared a moment longer, then smiled a little. “Alright,” he said, and stepped back into Dean’s space. This time, he was far more gentle. His hand returned to Dean’s hip and his other settled, carefully, at the back of neck. “Is this alright?” he asked softly.
Sam figures he was maybe 5 or 6 the first time he saw the reason that Dean flinched when their father raised his hand, even if it was just to reach for something on a high shelf.
”After they were both paint free, Claire and Jack walked to the kitchen together. The food was already plated and Cas and Dean were sitting at the table.
“No, and Dean has no plans on telling him. John is...a man of his time,” Cas said plainly.
“Okay, what do you mean chaos?” Mary finally pressed.
“You think he’s going to be able to forgive Claire?” Sam asked quietly.
“What? How could you know that?” Claire asked, hands clenching around the bowl in her hand.
Claire and Kaia laughed, drinking from their own cans. The three of them chatted as they ate and drank, so engrossed in their own world that they had stopped paying attention to their surroundings.
Kaia stopped to grab one of the angel blades from the weapons room on their way to the garage,
Castiel is introduced in this chapter!
“Where do sweet little girls usually live, Sammy?” Pestilence smirked. “With their nice cookie cutter families.” Sam knew they wouldn’t get anymore from him and sliced down, cutting the finger and ring off. As soon as it was detached, Pestilence disappeared into the air. Behind them on the floor, Dean finally was able to take a deep breath.
“Yes,” he nodded in confirmation. “They want you to be happy.” Claire let a few tears roll down her cheeks as she threw herself at Jack, hugging him tight for just a moment.
“And Lilith is the first, therefore the oldest. So her idea of fun is playing house?” Dean asked incredulously.
“Before you blacked out, did you smell anything out of the ordinary?” Mary continued, watching Troy intently but keeping her gaze sympathetic.
Dean looked up at Sam, eyes wide. “We need to clean this up. And fast. Someone was bound to have heard that and probably called the police.” Sam nodded weakly, but listened to Dean’s instructions as he barked them out, grabbing the shower curtain from the bathroom. By the time he emerged, Dean was kneeling over John’s body, two fingers to his neck.
“Where is Lilith?” He seethed, glaring up at Pestilence.
“I love you,” he whispered against Dean’s mouth.
“Thank you,” Dean said and pulled her into a quick hug. “Be careful. And I mean it, call for anything.”
“Do not think that I will hesitate to end your existence if you try anything,” Cas said with a tilt of his head. “Now, where is Famine?”
“You want some orange juice?” he asked.
“What kind of a son are you? Abandoning your family just to go get a worthless degree? What would your mother think of you?” John spat, finger shoved into Sam’s chest.
“I have to go up to Heaven. I’m sorry, tell everyone I’m sorry. Goodbye, Claire.”
“Man, I don’t even know who the fuck you are, and you expect me to sit here and kiss your ass? Why aren’t you out there trying to stop the apocalypse?” Dean retorted, with a roll of his eyes.
“So two down, two to go,” Dean said. “We gotta track down Famine and Death. How in the world do we track down Death?”
“Well yeah, considering you were two layers of denim away from fucking him over a table in that resturant!”
“Absolutely not,” Dean said immediately, shaking his head. “Jack needs some more experience before he goes on a hunt with anyone that isn’t me.”
“It’s okay, Claire,” Dean whispered, one hand cradling the back of her head. “It’s okay, it’s not your fault, it’s okay. I’ve got you.” Claire fell limp against Dean, letting him hold her entire weight. “I’m here, Claire.”
Before they could discuss it more, Dean’s phone rang with a call from Sam, “Hey, are you guys done?” asked Sam, “Mom called to let me know that she and Bobby will be in sometime this evening.”
Jo nodded, “I will. We’ll see you soon.”
“Yeah, and let them cool before we frost them,” Claire said, and grabbed the baking racks and turned the cakes over onto them. “You wanna get his presents and set them on the table?” she asked Jack and he nodded, leaving the room. Claire got the sprinkles, candles, and prepackaged icing. She had to use three different color sprinkles, as she couldn’t find a premade mix in the right colors, and she had to use four different packages of candles to get enough of each color.
Kaia shrugged, “It’s not too hard.”
“Hello Dean,” Castiel said from Dean’s left where he was sitting on the bench beside him.
“That sounds...nice,” Jack said and looked at Cas with wide eyes.
“Yeah, we’re all good. My desire to jump your bones isn’t any more than normal,” Dean joked, knocking his shoulder into Cas’. “Speaking of, I guess cat’s outta the bag. Mom and Sam know about us now. Though, we weren’t really being subtle before.”
“That sounds fun! I would like to participate in these pranks. What should we do?” Jack always sounded so earnest and sincere, it was refreshing to the girls, but especially Kaia as she had grown up in a system that was filled with dishonest, neglectful, and abusive people.
“Dammit!” Dean exclaimed, “Why does he have to be like that?”
“Huh?”  Dean looked at his arm as if this was the first he’d heard of the bruises there before he pulled his sleeve back down.  “Oh, uh, werewolf.  Got too close to the action.”
“Cas? Can I tell you something?” Jack’s voice was small, in a way that Cas had never heard before.
of angel wings resounded through the living room.
“I’m not sure. What is a prank?” Jack asked, glancing between the two girls.
“Of course, dear,” she said, “Where can I get set up?”
Once the fire was fully out and Claire’s wrist had been dealt with, Dean sat the three of them down in the library. “What the fuck was that?” he asked, incredulous.
“Listen, Sammy-”
“Good night boys,” Mary said and kissed each of their cheeks. “Get some rest, you two have earned it.”
Jack landed back at Cas and Dean’s cottage, everyone still gathered on the back deck. “Kid, what the hell? Where did you go?” Dean asked, already standing and checking him over.
“Ellen can we please just,” Sam sighed and shook his head. “A glittery pink tiara and tutu while everyone else got to be Ninja Turtles.” That seemed to satisfy her that it was indeed Sam on the phone.
“Yeah, yeah, just let me know when you finish so you can tell me how right I am,” Dean said, managing a cocky smirk.
As it turned out, they didn’t need to find Death, because he found them. Sam and Dean were sitting in a relatively empty diner in the middle of the night, nursing shitty black coffee and dry scrambled eggs when the bell hanging from the door rang out, letting them know someone had walked in. They took no notice of his entrance beyond that until he walked over to them, stopping beside their table.
“I want to be a Winchester.” Claire whispered. “And not just...I want to be Claire Winchester legally.” She didn’t even notice the bracelet falling from her wrist, hitting the table with a light pinging sound.
“What, just like some random lady?” Dean asked.
“It’s perfect.” They had the tree chopped, wrapped, and strapped to the top of the Impala all within thirty minutes. “Can we get hot chocolate?” Claire asked, noticing the stand as they were about to leave.
“I love it,” Claire replied, beaming, “If it’s okay with your wife of course. I should also probably talk to Kaia,” she added hastily.
“Why is that important?” Troy asked, fists clenching. “Those kids are dead because of me!”
Sam stood up from the table he had been sitting at with Jody, dog-earing the page of the lore book that he had been on. The expression on Dean’s face made his stomach drop, knowing that whatever he had to say wouldn’t be good.
While Mary and Dean had gotten used to the unnatural emptiness of their house when Sam was at college, they relied on the comfort of knowing he was just a few hours’ drive away, and that on any given weekend, he was fairly likely to show up to spend time with them. That emptiness had absolutely nothing on the oppressive dread that filled the house in the wake of Sam’s death.
,” Cas recites. “That seal was broken by you, Sam.”
“It’s nothing, Dean. I don’t really want to talk about it,” Sam said, shoving a few fries in his mouth to avoid answering further.
“Not that it’s any of your fucking business, but I’m their kid,” Claire flexed her hand holding the grip of the gun. “Why are you here?”
“We were sitting in the park and some crazy lady came up and started demanding that Jack come with her,” Kaia replied.
As predicted, Dean and Cas reentered the bunker after they were unable to get a response from Gabriel. Generally disappointed with the failure of most of their tasks, everyone slowly trickled back into the room, save for Sam and Bela.
“Well, well, if it isn’t the Winchesters,” Pestilence smirked wickedly. “I was wondering when you two would show up.”
“I wish,” she said, grinning back at Dean. “No, everyone just seems to be healthy. No one’s getting sick and those that are get better. Makes our job easy, but boring.”
Dean scanned the room to see that several other … beings lined the walls - some that appeared to be human, and some that had less-than-human features. “What the fuck did we stumble across? Did I miss the memo about a furry convention here?”
Sam walked in, then, cutting through whatever sort of standoff he and Dean had been in.
“Yes I did, kiddo. I’d marry her if I could,” Donna replied with a smile, “Maybe one day…”
“Stop the car!” he cried, sitting up straight and staring at the window. Dean slammed the brakes, swearing loudly but Jack paid him no mind. As soon as the car had come to a stop, Jack threw the door open and stared at the dog on the other side of the road. It was grey and skinny, definitely dirty, but it looked scared too. Jack slowly approached it, ignoring his dads’ calls, kneeling a few feet away. “Hello,” he whispered, holding a hand out to the dog. “I won’t hurt you, I promise. I want to take you somewhere safe.”
Bela sniffled and smiled, “Thank you, Dean.”
“He’s made it through the front lines of Michael’s forces and he’s pushing back quickly. With him leading the charge, Gabriel’s soldiers are making it through much easier and protecting him from behind,” Anael described, eyes glazed over as she paid more and more attention to what was happening in Heaven.
Kaia stood up as well, pulling the angel blade from her jacket pocket, “I don’t think so.”
Cas was right; the Cupid was crying, drawing in gasping breaths as he sobbed, clearly deeply frightened by Dean’s actions. Cas turned to address the Cupid directly as Dean lowered the blade and backed away, “Do you know how your charges are being corrupted and convinced to kill each other?”
“Mhm,” his mother tries.
Sam let out a laugh, “We’re going to have a hard time finding one around here, I’ll order one for you online. In the meantime, we can take the Impala out and listen to it, though.”
“I think they’ll be glad to not have to sneak around their kids,” Claire snorted. “They’re not subtle, Dean’s constantly covered in bruises that he can’t say he got on a hunt.” Jack nodded, watching out the window.
“My deepest truth?” Claire raised her eyebrows. “I don’t even know what my deepest truth is, how am I supposed to speak it?”
“You don’t scare me,” John hissed. “Fear ain’t in my repertoire, not after everything I’ve seen.”
“I’ve never tried but I probably could,” Jack said thoughtfully and took each of their hands. He was silent for a moment, eyes closed as he concentrated and suddenly, the three of them were invisible.
Cas put the heart back into its container and used his grace to clean the viscera from his hands, “Not one single Cupid, multiples. They’re a low class of angels. We need to find it before it kills again, this is incredibly abnormal.”
“If you go get some breakfast in you first,” Dean said, Cas nodding in agreement. Claire huffed as she made her way to the kitchen, getting herself a bowl of cereal and a mug of coffee before joining the two men at the table again.
“No, kid, celebrate reuniting our family. With you,” Dean pulled him into another hug. “Promise you’ll come back when Cas gets here?”
“Yeah man, they miss you. A lot,” Claire began walking again, Miracle trotting along beside her, Jack falling in line on her otherside. “I think it’d be better for them if they knew when they would see you again. It sucks not knowing.” She realized as she spoke just how much of a hypocrite she was being. She checked in with Jody practically every day she was on a hunt, and that was technically her home base but Cas and Dean...they were lucky if she remembered to call once a month.
Until Bobby walked out of his bedroom to see the ghosts of twin girls that he wasn’t able to save years ago when he first began hunting.
“He had to go pick up a tow, he’ll be back soon if you want to wait,” Karen suggested. “I just baked a pie.”
Mary admonished.
“John Winchester is an outstanding hunter,” Cas said with a tight smile. “And he became that at the cost of being a father.” Claire sucked in a sharp breath; having a hunch and having it confirmed were two different things.
They decided to grab some food before making the drive back to Sioux Falls. They found a small diner not too far down the road, Sam and Dean getting their respective salad and bacon cheeseburger, while Cas simply ordered a cup of coffee that he didn’t touch. Cas and Dean sat on one side of the booth together while Sam got the other to himself.
Dean pulled on some jeans and a flannel, and padded into the kitchen to get some coffee going. He was surprised to find the kitchen light on, despite it being just barely after 6 in the morning. Bela sat at the table, sipping some tea as she flipped through what looked to be a tacky YA novel. Dean smiled to himself, knowing that she had probably stolen it from the stash Claire would never admit to having.
“Claire…”
“My boys will fucking kill you,” John roared, “You might have made my boy a queer but family comes before everything, and he’ll fucking rip you apart.”
“I believe it is making the family play house while they are constantly terrified of her,” Cas corrected. “That is what she derives pleasure from; fear.”
“They are?” Claire asked, and her voice sounded so small, even to her own ears. “Even though I’m a hunter, and I’m…” she couldn’t say the word, but she knew Jack knew what she meant.
“Okay,” said Dean, voice lost somewhere in the sound of the wind and waves.
“What about me?” asked Jack.
“Dean, I’m losing my mind stuck in this damn bunker,” confessed Castiel. “So please, just give me
Sam’s reply was instant.
“Cas—now! You have to take it now, before Michael wakes up!” Sam called out.
A throbbing headache pulled Dean from sleep, and he startled when he found himself in his bed. He sat up with a groan and the room spun so badly he had to press a foot to the floor to keep from tipping over, still drunk from the night before. A low, sick groan escaped his lips and he nearly gagged when the smell of his own whiskey-thick breath reached his nostrils. Dean closed his eyes to steady himself and glanced at the clock. Nine AM. He reached for his phone on the nightstand and scrolled through to reread for the thousandth time the last texts he’d gotten from Cas, days and days ago, when they’d been fighting:
Castiel stopped, just briefly, to ask, “Really?”
, don’t you think we’ve earned this? Don’t you think we deserve something too good to be true?”
“Alright, what do you mean?”
“I know,” said Castiel, and he felt Dean tremble. “I—”
“Kid’s pretty excitable,” said Dean, elbowing Castiel gently in the ribs as the others left. He turned to set aside the vegetables he’d prepared in the meantime—bell peppers, a can of corn and one of black beans, Castiel’s tomato chunks. “Like father like son, right?”
“You really do, kid,” said Dean, lifting his glass as well. He took a long swig—nearly all of it—then cleared his throat. “Alright, we’ve had the chick flick moment. Can we just drink now and be normal?”
Impossibly fast, Dean found himself breathless on his back in the grass, Cas hovering above him, head tilted. Dean’s arms were triangled above his head, Cas holding his wrists. After a few moments of intense staring, Cas gave a satisfied smile and ducked down to snag a kiss from Dean’s stunned, parted lips. “I suppose this was you letting me win?” he asked as he pulled away, sliding his hands up to link fingers with Dean.
“And Rowena’s coming to work on a spell,” added Sam.
Dean turned over his shoulder to rake his gaze over the mess he’d made of his room, then back to the shelf, and back to his room. Nothing was there that didn’t belong—save the record player—but something was missing that should have been there—something bigger than cassette tapes—and he kicked himself for only just now realizing it. He stood and moved quickly through the obstacle course of belongings to his door.
“You’re intolerable,” grumbled Castiel, though he grinned back.
“Cas,” said Dean, his voice a broken whisper.
A bright blue light flowed from Castiel’s fingertips into Dean like electricity, and Dean’s body, though unconscious, reacted accordingly: his back went rigid as he straightened against his will, and his head lolled backwards, lips parting, eyes opening to stare blindly at the ceiling. That same blue light swirled in his pupils, and his hands balled into tight fists at his sides.
“I—I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—” Sam started, and Dean spoke at the same time, a chorus of awkward male voices.
“It’s umm—it’s great,” said Dean as they neared the blanket. He stopped at the edge, eyeing the champagne and sad chocolate strawberries.
“Excellent,” Rowena hushed, and for the first time she sounded anxious. She ceased her murmuring and the blue glow disappeared as Castiel pocketed the vial once more. Rowena backed away into the shadows, barely visible, and dropped to her knees before three spreads of magical ingredients: binding, silencing, protection.
Dean.”
The music suddenly turned back on at full volume, the headlights came on, and all the lights in the garage started blinking and flickering, and a few grew so bright they burst and showered the room with sparks. Castiel shut his eyes tight, but the blue light spilled out of his mouth instead, looking for an exit. Castiel bellowed a pained roar, and the rest of the lights started popping, one by one. Dean, horrified, finally began backing towards the outer wall and the door.
Slowly, Castiel’s senses returned, and he found himself—or rather, a projection of himself—in the entryway of the bunker. It felt so real he had flashbacks of his own time holed away in this corner of the mind while he’d been possessed by Lucifer, but this was somehow even more intense, more
“No,” said Castiel, scowling. “Dean is an honest man. A
Dean smiled and growled into the kiss, rolled his hips again, and then dropped his head, sucking kisses along Castiel’s jaw and collarbone, down the length of his chest and stomach. He paused on a hipbone and looked up to find Castiel staring back at him, beautifully disheveled. “Gimme your hand,” he whispered, and Castiel obliged. Dean wound his fingers through Castiel’s and then dipped back down, taking Castiel’s length into his mouth. A dirty sound rumbled from Castiel’s chest and his fingers tightened around Dean’s as Dean licked back up, then down, slowly, flattening his tongue. He pulled back up and off, smiled up at Castiel, then twisted their hands. He bent down all but two of Castiel’s fingers, then guided those into his mouth as well, sucking them slick, crawling forward as he did.
“Yeah,” said Dean, vaguely out of breath. “Almost made me fall in the shower.” He scratched the back of his wet hair, moving his gaze suspiciously away from Sam’s. “Any idea what caused it?”
“Already did,” said Sam. He shook out his sleeve and looked at his watch. “She should be here any—”
“Dean!
Dean stopped short from drinking, the mug barely touching his bottom lip before he jerked it away, spilling a few drops of coffee on the floor. “You mean he’s not here?”
“You don’t want—”
“She was,” said the old man. “They don’t make ‘em like that anymore.”
“Rowena called it a ‘dark mirror,’” Dean answered softly, gaze never leaving Castiel’s. “I don’t know. Not long.”
Castiel was halfway down the dark hall, t-shirt still in hand. Dean had to jog a few steps to catch up, and when he did he gripped Castiel’s shoulder, forcing him to turn around. “Cas, talk to me,” he said softly, pressing his lover’s back gently into the wall to make him stop.
“Makes sense to me,” said Dean. “So we’ll get you back to your old self…what, tomorrow, maybe? Be sure all of Michael’s grace is gone?”
“So, no kids then?” Sam prodded.
“Right,” said Sam, and bolted over to Rowena. He scooped up what she couldn’t carry and directed her quickly out the door. Moments later, the sound of the Impala’s engine roaring to life echoed into the warehouse, and as Castiel scooped Dean into his arms, headlights shone through the door against the back wall. Castiel held Dean close and ran as hard as he could without unduly jostling the unconscious man. When he got to the car, Sam reached from the driver’s seat to open the door for the angel and his brother.
“Cas, please—”
“I’m an Angel, you ass,” said Cas. “I can read your thoughts.”
“How long was I dead? The first time?”
Dean eased the Impala lazily down the road, enjoying the hum and vibration of the engine, Castiel’s hand linked with his across the front seat. The low green country rolled by in subtle waves of earth outside the window, segmented in half by the empty two-lane road they traveled. Above them the sky was mostly clear, dotted with only a few clouds that threw the late-afternoon sunlight across the landscape in thick golden beams. In the distance, a dark gray thunderhead loomed on the flat horizon, flickering with sporadic branches of blue and white lightning.
“Dude,
of this is real,” he said. “Including him.”
“We home?” said Sam as he roused, sniffing in a deep breath.
It’s happened before, even though only one of them remembers.
“How long have you been up?” Sam muttered, fully dressed, but still rubbing sleep from his eyes.
“Why can’t we?” Jack blurted, face contorting in anger. “If he’s in as bad of shape as Cas says he is, can’t we have umm…” he paused, then snapped, looking up. “Power of Attorney?”
“Is it even warded?” Sam demanded. “Or is it just loose in your bag?” He stopped and turned on a heel, dodging Dean’s advance.
Castiel was silent for a moment. He stared off into the distance and then sighed, closed his eyes, and turned his face up into the late morning sun. “Alright,” he said simply. “Tell me the plan.”
“I’m going to get Sam.”
“It’s going to take some time,” said Sam gently. “But you’re here. You’re safe, and we’re real. We’ll remind you as often as you need. Forever, if we have to.” He paused. “We’ll all get anchors,” he decided. “Things you can touch and know are true.”
Castiel recognized it as the one where he’d tried to withdraw Gadreel’s grace from Sam, and he grimaced, but climbed settled himself into it nonetheless. “What’s the—hey!” He snapped his head to the side as Rowena magically cinched his wrists to the arms of the chair with leather straps.
“He’ll live,” said Castiel dryly, but his shoulders sagged.
Dean’s brows arched upwards and he looked to Sam. “No kidding?”
She complained that she didn’t have a lot to work with (“You guys really do look like lumberjacks, you know. But sadder.”) but she cobbled something together that made the pair look a little less out of place. Dean was a little taller than Castiel, but Claire managed to make a pair of the hunter’s jeans work for Castiel by cuffing them stylishly at the bottom, and with his already black shoes and one of Dean’s black tees, she admitted the angel didn’t look half bad. Castiel’s transition from Holy Tax Accountant to Gay Dad went smoothly, without him giving any resistance. It was for a case, after all. Dean, however, was indignant.
Castiel’s eyes trailed from Sam to the rearview mirror as he spoke, where he briefly met Dean’s green gaze. It was quick as a blink, but Sam didn’t miss it.
“In a minute,” he answered, nodding to Jack. He stood and rolled his shoulders, staring up at the sky. “Will you stay with the car? I want to do this one last time.”
The angel gently pulled his hand from Dean’s wrist and ran his fingertips across his lips, the bridge of his cheek, the crest of his ear, and back into the sandy-brown hair. Dean smiled down at him, and quietly, Castiel wondered, “Is this what it was like all the time? In your dreams with Michael?”
“How long—aaaahhh,” Dean growled. He slammed his mug down on the counter and hissed when hot coffee splashed onto his hand. “How long ago did he leave?”
“What are you saying?” said Dean. His voice cracked, and he locked eyes with Cas, who just barely shook his head. Even from the distance, Dean could see his blue eyes beginning to sparkle with tears.
As if on cue, when Castiel stepped into the room a slow, bluesy drumbeat began. The room was dark, but not completely—a small lamp on the bedside table with a black t-shirt thrown haphazardly over the shade cast a faint yellow haze over the room, mimicking candles. On the dresser, a record player proved to be the source of the sound. Propped against the wall beside it was the record’s sleeve—a barely-recognizable image of a man in a hat leaning over a bar. The music was turned up just a bit too loud, and it made the room feel smoky and secluded.
Castiel grinned. “You’ll see.” He looped the bag over his shoulder and held out a hand. “Do you trust me?”
“I’ll…get the bandages,” said Jack from the doorway, awkwardly. Sam nodded at him and frowned, and Jack disappeared down the hall.
“I thought we weren’t going to risk it,” said Dean, frowning halfheartedly. He acquiesced a moment later. “But I’d rather have you at full power, actually,” he continued, glancing at Castiel.
Artist: Van Morrison
“Suicide notes and two-weeks-notices don’t count.”
“S’okay. I like it,” said Dean. And then, “Do want some champagne though, or whatever it is.” He reached for the glasses and Castiel nodded, going for the champagne bottle and uncorking it with ease.
Song inspiration:
“First? Just outside,” said Sam. “Then we’ll try something bigger.”
“I’d like to propose a toast.”
“Sammy, so help me…” said Dean, pinching his nose.
“Not often,” countered Castiel. He watched Dean carefully as they fell into a brief silence, and without asking, Castiel reached up to Dean’s shoulders, turning him so his back was to Castiel’s chest, and Dean let him. Castiel scooted across the seat to lean against the door, pulling Dean with him to rest against his chest. He wrapped his arms around Dean from behind and sighed into his hair. “You can tell me anything, Dean,” he murmured.
Dean swallowed hard. “I love you,” he said, voice cracking again. “I’m so damn happy you’re alive, Cas. I can hardly stand it.”
With a word, Dean’s hands were rendered useless, his body going slack. It was as if every bone in his body had turned to jelly.  He dropped heavy as a rock, paralyzed, to the floor, head cracking hard against the concrete. In the corners of his eyes, the already dark warehouse grew darker, black spreading over them like a blanket. He was aware of a few things: the throbbing, claw marks still oozing on his cheek; the bloody shirt, clinging to him coldly; the sensation of something warm trickling through his hair, pooling beneath his head. Dean’s ears were ringing, but through the buzz, he heard Sam calling his name, something snarling, Claire’s yelling, and a gunshot.
Sam withdrew the needle carefully and let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding. As he did, Castiel’s eyes fluttered closed, and he inhaled deeply, as if he’d been holding his breath too. “Okay,” he said softly. “Alright. How’s he looking?”
“Okay,” repeated Castiel. He stared at Dean for a few seconds, unblinkingly, and then asked, “What now?”
“Oy, boys, we’re ready!” she called over her shoulder, smoothing the cloth. Dean and Sam came around the corner moments later, each carrying two chairs, one under each arm.
“’Course I do,” said Dean, a quirky grin crinkling his eyes. “I remember things.”
Castiel nodded. He traced absentminded circles over Dean’s knee with a finger. “It’s not so odd. Angels, or the concept of beings like angels, exist in almost every religion. Our presence is often mistaken for spirits of some kind, and they name us—sometimes gods, too…” he trailed off, and then looked up to Dean, smiling playfully. “Castiel is my true name, but I’ve been called others. Some you’ll know.”
“Alright.”
Castiel tossed them aside, then pulled Dean back in to lick into his mouth. “I need you,” he whispered into the kiss, hands roaming all over Dean’s body, unable to make up their minds.
“All of these worlds, these
“How?”
“Dean? Dean!”
“Sure,” answered Castiel. They loaded up their arms with hamburger buns, condiments, and bags of chips, and—at Sam’s behest—a few bottles of whiskey, and set out.
Castiel said nothing. He barely even reacted—simply narrowed his eyes and gave a defiant uptick of his chin. Even without his full angelic power, Dean saw something powerful glance behind the blue irises, and the reminder that Castiel wasn’t human, could squash him like a bug if he felt like it, forced him back. He released the shirt and shuffled a step back, shaking his head.
“And somehow, I don’t care,” said Michael. “But you keep up that pining, Castiel. Dean’s doing just fine without you. Or with fake you. Take your pick. Like I said—I don’t care, and I’ve got things to do.” He lifted his hand to wiggle his fingers, and the smile that twisted Dean’s lips was anything but Dean’s. “Bye now.”
Dean sprang up to catch and stead him. “Woah, alright,” he said. “Arm over my shoulder. I gotcha.” Castiel did as instructed, slumping against the hunter. “I’ll call if I need you,” Dean called back to Sam, shuffling out of the room.
“That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about,” said Castiel. He shifted, placing his other hand over Dean’s. “I don’t want it back.”
“Would he, now?” asked Michael, his smile widening. He turned his back to Castiel, pacing around the inside of the circle. “That’s not what it looks like on my end.”
“Because God apparently has a soft spot for his angels” said Sam, a wide smile splitting his face. “And Belial isn’t just a Prince of Hell. He’s a fallen archangel.”
“Stop,” said Castiel. He shook his head and lifted his other hand to press against the strange window, beckoning Dean’s other palm. “I’m alright. I’m on—well, I’m in the Garden of Eden. Earth as it was before God made mankind.” A brief, wistful smile skirted Castiel’s features. “I wish you could see it, Dean.”
Castiel smiled a broken smile and took a step forward. The ethereal light made the tears in his eyes gleam silver; his irises were like gems. “So do you.”
Dean nodded, breaking into a sheepish grin, and Castiel continued. “Give me your hand,” he said, and Dean held out a palm. Castiel unfolded and opened the envelope to shake out a heavy ring into Dean’s hand that, at first glance, looked as simple as the one he’d given Cas. Dean opened his mouth to thank him, but Castiel shook his head. “I want to tell you about it first.” Dean closed his lips and nodded. He began to turn the ring over in his fingers, moving it closer to a candle to let it catch the light. It was then that he noticed the silver of it, solid as it was, almost looked like a liquid, as if it was molten, and appeared to be shot through with tiny veins of a lighter silver—almost blue, like lightning, giving the ring a subtle cracked finish that caught the firelight.
Dean whipped his head around to see Sam, risen, and staring hard at Belial in the mirror. His chest was heaving as if he’d been running, and he was digging his thumb into a scar on his palm—the one he used to use to tell Lucifer’s games from reality all those years ago.
And the quick reply:
She lifted her hands and spoke another word, softly, before directing her fingers to Castiel. The smoke curled itself into a ball and hovered just beyond her fingertips, and she walked it slowly over to hover above Castiel. “When I say, breathe this in, deeply as you can. It isn’t going to be comfortable. Aye?”
“You stay where you are and we find another way to deal with Michael,” said Dean, trying to conceal the panic rising in his throat.
The first thing Castiel became aware of was the intense heat and the thick smell of smoke; the feeling of hands pressed to either side of his head, fingers digging hard into his hair. His vision came back second, fading from bright white to the orange of a fire, and behind it, Dean—no, not Dean—Michael, smiling like he’d just won the lottery, arms folded across his chest. When he caught Castiel’s eyes, he threw back his head in a cackle. Castiel realized the hands on his head were no longer Michael’s, but his own, and as he slowly lowered them the ringing in his ears died away to let in the sound of Michael’s laughter.
“Power move,” Dean joked softly, looking up at Castiel looking down at him.
With that, Dean sank himself slowly into Castiel, exhaling an unbidden cry of “Oh, God—” at the same time Castiel let out a low, filthy moan.
“Yes,” said Castiel. “What’s interesting is the erosion.” He leaned forward and stretched out his arm to point at the side of one of the cliff faces. “See how there aren’t really distinctive layers in the rock?”
“Damnit, Cas, come on!” Dean huffed, indignantly grabbing two more bags and piling them into the crook of his arm. “To spite you both,” he muttered, jabbing a finger at Castiel as he passed for the checkout counter.
Dean rolled his eyes and reached for his glass, and Castiel did the same. Sam spoke again before anyone could drink. “Hey, uhh…” he started. He sniffed when he saw the three watching him curiously, then lifted his glass and leaned back. “Congratulations, guys,” he said gently, looking first at Castiel, then at his brother. His gaze lingered there seriously, but he cracked a smile when he continued. “It’s about damn time.”
Album: One Of These Nights (1975)
“Give it a second, Dean,” said Sam. And then, “Pinch his nose. We’re gonna put him all the way under.”
Dean fished his keys from his wet jeans in the floor and stretched long over the front seat to put them in the ignition, then cranked it. The Impala rumbled to life, and Dean subconsciously smiled at the sound. He turned the heat on full blast and was settling back into the backseat to gather up his clothes when he caught sight of Castiel, smiling softly and staring. “What?”
[The Tape]
Dean’s mouth fell open. He wanted to run to Castiel, but he felt rooted to the spot. Tears pricked at his eyes, but Dean did nothing to stop them, and suspected somewhere in the back of his mind that he couldn’t even if he tried. Castiel repeated his name and took a step forward, but it took the rustle of Sam bumbling out of the brush a few feet away to shake Dean out of his daze.
“I don’t have a record player,” whispered Dean, words stilted.
Sam stared at Dean and finally let out a dark chuckle. “Sounds about right,” he said softly.
“But—”
“A day,” said Jack.
“Don’t—” started Sam, but it was too late.
“You have no idea,” said Sam, smiling. “While you were…uhh, gone, there were a couple times I had to drag him out of bed past noon.”
want that,” said Rowena. She grinned and strode gracefully over to a little plastic table, bolted to the floor, and lowered herself into one of the chairs. “Secondly,” she continued, lifting the vial of grace from a fold in her gown, “This is like our own little Michael homing pigeon. Just one speck of this in a spell and we’ll know exactly where he is the moment he’s there.” She set the vial on the table. It cast a mesmerizing ring of light around it, and everyone stared.
His body seized and bucked as if he was swallowing something solid, though he didn’t relent.
“Just like that,” said Michael. His smile was wolfish, deceitful.
“No,” said Sam. “We don’t know where they’ll be. We don’t know anything about—”
“I was,” confirmed Castiel softly. His lips pulled down at Dean’s wince, and the foreign grace inside him flared once more, though not as strongly. This time, he managed to conceal the pain and watch Dean instead.
“It’s two hours ahead of Lebanon, so…nearly four, now. I was gone for about seven minutes. Why?”
He wants it to happen when he’s back from Purgatory, when he’s showered and has conjured up new clothes, and he steps into the Winchesters’ motel room. “Better?” he said.
Castiel smiled, and so did Dean, and they fell into a comfortable silence for a time, sipping on their glasses and relaxing in the tropical, pre-dawn breeze. When their glasses were empty they refilled them, and Dean leaned his shoulder into Castiel, who tilted his head atop Dean’s, both content to be near each other.
Dean’s cheeks and ears flared red and he cleared his throat, but he remained silent. Sam shook his head and frowned.
“I don’t know,” Castiel repeated. “It’s like the grace is a paralytic.”
” said Dean, rounding on his brother and slamming the fridge door, arms laden with hamburger meat. “I’m good—like,
“I did,” said Dean, voice rough. He settled into a free seat with a groan and looked Sam over. “Have you slept?”
Castiel looked up, eyes wide, and tilted his head at Dean.
Before Dean’s eyes, his reality began to peel away. The wall in front of him started to flake like chips of paint, and then dissolve, leaving a vast empty black behind it—and soon, the whole room was an endless expanse of darkness. Before Dean, nothing. Behind, nothing. Above, below, nothing. No door, no hallway, no light, and then even his own body began to disappear in front of him until only his consciousness remained, and the far-off, warbling sound of
“You gave him alcohol right after he was
“Okay,” said Sam. He held up his palms and laughed. “Let me just—Dean!”
“Aye, Samuel,” said Rowena. She rose from where she was seated at the table and strode over to Castiel, passing off the glowing vial. “Don’t break it,” she said, withdrawing it as Castiel reached. He rolled is eyes. “Or lose it,” Rowena added.”
“You like her too!” said Dean, only letting go of Castiel’s hand to push his brother’s shoulder and guffaw.
well. When have I not kept an eye on powerful cosmic beings intent on destroying the world?”
Album: The Beatles Again (1970)
Position: First track on side 1
Castiel blinked, then stood to look in a mirror hung on the other side of the room. His eyes were glowing blue, but not only that: bright grace was rolling down his cheeks like tears. Castiel didn’t cross the room to the mirror. Instead, he sat back down on the edge of the bed and pressed his fingers to his cheek. The grace swept away at his touch like wisps of smoke, then dissolved into the air.
Dean wasn’t prepared for Castiel’s reaction. He’d expected a gasp, maybe another shiver, a little sigh of pleasure. Instead, he received a low moan, and found himself suddenly being manhandled to his back on the bed, a pair of strong hands pinning him by his shoulders. Castiel hovered above him, blue eyes wide and wild, and for a moment Dean swore he saw a flash of angel behind the irises. He stared back up at the disheveled Castiel, breathing so hard he might have just finished a race. Dean cast him a fond smile and crooked up one arm from the elbow to trail his fingers along Castiel’s bicep, still holding him in place.
“What? That’s done. It’s been
“Even human, you’re not
“Right,” confirmed Sam.
The light spit them out hard in Eden, and neither landed on their feet. The first thing Sam did, still on his hands and knees, was vomit up the breakfast he’d just eaten.
Don't have the vinyl, but Dean's oh-so-prescient radio alarm clock is:
Finally, Castiel cleared his throat and pushed himself to his feet, standing there awkwardly. Dean glanced aside again and couldn’t stop a little smirk—Castiel wore the same terrified, bewildered expression he had the first time they worked a case together, when he’d shown his badge upside-down.
“This is like every after-prom warning poster ever.”
“Waiting so long,” Dean answered. “Being so afraid.”
Artist: Led Zeppelin
Song: "The Rain Song"
“Six across,” said Dean, meandering over to the bedside.
“I’m saying we find Belial and talk to him, and offer him a chance at revenge,” answered Sam. “See what he says.”
“Worried, I know,” Castiel sighed. He brought his hand up and clasped it over Dean’s, leaning into his palm. “But I needed it. I can’t stay locked up all the time.”
little brother.”
“I know,” Sam sighed. “Alright. It’s your call, then. What the hell. It’s about a snowball’s chance either way, right?”
“Be with me.”
“Well, rest assured,” said Castiel gently, smiling just barely. He pulled back his other hand to have a palm on either of Dean’s cheeks, forcing Dean to look him in the eye. “I love you, Dean Winchester, and I will fight for you as long as I live, or as long as you’ll have me.”
“Knock it off, Cas,” Dean snapped. “We’re not going to have a real married fight while we’re fake married.” He blinked at his own statement and shook his head once, pulling open the car door and sliding in.
She tilted her head toward a few stalks laden with bell-shaped white flowers at the far end of the table. “Be a dear and hand me those before you go?”
“NO!” Dean roared, lunging for the pair in a dead sprint. “Cas, no! No!”
“Don’t need one,” said Dean. “Just decided.”
“It’s…calm,” chimed in Jack, looking up. “It’s never this simple.”
“Callin’ Raphael your ‘little bitch’ that one time…that
“Unless you can’t,” Dean spat, ignoring his lover’s concern. “Unless you’re too
“You asked,” reminded Dean, grabbing a spatula from a drawer before sauntering out of the kitchen.
Dean started to sway in a slow, barely-there turn and closed his eyes, tilting his forehead against Castiel’s. “Is this like what you saw?” he asked quietly, and Castiel went suddenly tense beneath his fingers. He lifted his head and opened his eyes to find his angel staring hard at the doorway. Dean’s stomach sank and he released Castiel’s hip to reach up and use a finger to gently turn Castiel’s head. “Cas…” he said, and then, “Cas, look at me.” When the angel turned, Dean shook his head. “It’s not a dream. You’re not gonna walk through that door. This is real.”
Rowena carefully removed the dome from over the crystal and hovered her palms above it, closing her eyes.
“You ready?”
“So like, how long have you guys been together?” cut in the high-pitched voice of the cashier as she bagged Dean’s pork rinds.  All three men went silent.
He slipped out of Dean’s long-since-borrowed jeans, then into his tennis shoes, and went for his daily run through the forest in Dean’s boxers and Zeppelin tee. It was Spring in Eden, or so Castiel believed—but it was hard to tell. The weather here was always lovely—the rain mild, the nights comfortably cool, the days pleasantly warm. He ran until he was tired, then stripped out of his shirt and used it as a makeshift bag as he foraged for whatever food he could find—edible roots, fruits and berries, anything that resembled a vegetable. When it was full, he made his way back to his tree, collected his jeans, and wandered to the river, where he scrubbed himself, his clothes, and his produce haul.
“Alright, you done?”
Dean collapses on the hotel bed, but he doesn’t seem to remember pulling Castiel down with him. He doesn’t remember—or at least never mentions—swapping gentle kisses with the angel until they’re both consumed by sleep. When Dean wakes up, Cas is already brushing his teeth. He drops the angel off at work, and Cas watches as the Impala roars away, Dean not knowing the angel’s heart is riding shotgun.
“She better,” said Dean, leaning around to look pointedly at the witch. “Or she won’t feel ‘fine’ much longer.”
“Since yesterday,” Dean admitted, piling up a plate with bacon, eggs, and pancakces. He motioned to the table. “C’mon. Sit. Eat. Big day.”
“Sam!”
“Sam,” said Castiel, turning, “I have to. I need—we need to know he’s okay.” He peeled Sam’s hand off his shoulder.
Dean tugged a folded piece of paper from his pocket, Jack’s and Rowena’s names written on the front. He held it up to Sam in display, then walked over and stuck it to the fridge. “So they’ll know.”
Side One:
“I don’t care,” said Sam at the same time, but Rowena wasn’t deterred.
Castiel watched, frozen with bitter joy and strange jealousy as Dean and dream Cas broke the kiss but stayed close to breathe each other’s air; loosed their entwined hands and started using them to explore each other’s bodies. Dream Cas left his hand behind Dean’s neck in place while the other wound its fingers through a beltloop at Dean’s hip, and Dean lifted his free hand to cup dream Cas’s jaw and run his thumb along his cheekbone, other arm still holding his lover close.
“Wait—I thought we were both going,” interrupted Jack, stepping towards Castiel and Sam. “You can’t just leave me here.”
Castiel could feel himself splitting apart on a molecular level. It was too much, watching something this secret, something he craved deep in his bones but knew he could never hope to have out there in the real world. When Dean reached down to fidget with the button of dream Cas’s jeans, Castiel lost his nerve.
“I was trying to be delicate,” Castiel admitted, sighing. He spared a glance to the cashier and leaned in towards Dean, lowering his voice. “Sam thinks they cause you undue flatulence, which, of course, doesn’t bother me, as my senses are—”
to take us all on without your grace, even unarmed.” Dean took a step forward, anger masquerading as confidence. Michael merely tilted his head, watching Dean with all the interest of someone observing a caged lion in a zoo.
Dean snorted and lifted his drink. “Alright.” He glanced across the room at a clock and added, “You should get some sleep. No good to anybody worn out, and we gotta bring our A-game tomorrow.”
“Cas!” yelled Jack, lunging forward, but Castiel threatened him with those fingers as well.
Castiel didn’t relent. “Why did you bring me here? Why did you heal me?”
“Cas, wait—”
“Sure,” said Sam, grinning a little. “Pour me one too?”
“The Tearful Testosterone Trio,” she said, and retreated to sit on the edge of the bed.
“I’m alright, Dean.”
Album: Moondance (1970)
Dean had a knife to his own palm, and blinked up at Sam. “What?”
"Just need some sleep," he grumbles, turning to shuffle and stumble down the dark hall. "Thanks, Cas. For coming home."
“I don’t like—this is ridiculous,” said Dean, reaching out to snag a book. “Let’s just finish this case, alright?”
Jack beamed a grin. “Me too. I’m mostly used to it now, but sometimes it still feels…confining?”
“It means we can wake him up,” said Jack, a grin cracking his face.
He cleared his throat again and slipped two fingers into the bag, closing his fist around the ring before he pulled it out, hiding it from Castiel’s view. He crumpled the bag and shoved it back into his pocket. Castiel stared at Dean’s closed hand, then looked up at Dean, and his blue eyes narrowed with curiosity.
“What?” said Dean, snagging his drink again. “Oh, yeah. Today. Well, yesterday. Whatever” He picked up Sam’s glass and handed it over as well. “Gift for Cas,” he added shyly.
“Not the whole thing,” said Castiel. He folded his arms loosely across his chest and angled himself toward Dean.
When they’re in Lucifer’s cage, and Cas knows he has to let the Devil in to save the world from the Darkness, and he thinks he might never see Dean again. He looks over the Devil’s shoulder and makes a wish he hopes Dean feels.
“Better,” grumbled Castiel, eyes once again closed. “The grace still hurts, but without a vessel that can react to the tension, it’s duller. Quieter.”
Dean nodded a little, breaking his gaze from Jack to stare into his beer. He couldn’t look at the kid for a moment; there was a grief in his eyes that Dean recognized as being old—much older than Jack. Ancient, even. It was the same pain he saw in Castiel’s eyes now, and he knew that Jack understood what Castiel was going through better than he or Sam ever could. “Yeah,” he said, the word sitting low in his throat.
” Michael began, closing his eyes into the sun. “They vibrate like everything else. Send out waves.”
Castiel was breathless, pink-lipped, blue eyes blown wide and wild. His hair stuck up at odd angles where Dean’s hands had been wandering, and Dean was reminded of the night they met all those years ago. Without a word, he released Castiel except to grab one of his hands, and started walking backwards towards his bed, pulling the angel willingly along.
“Yeah, okay, I get you,” said Dean, humming quietly. “You really worry about me?”
Dean stared at Castiel for a few seconds and then rolled his eyes. “Wh—oh my god,” he said, and started to stalk for the door.
“Bad different?” Dean wondered softly, watching Castiel’s eyes as they followed his fingers. Dean leaned back on his hands, and Castiel shook his head and finally met his gaze.
“Okay,” said Sam. “C’mon, Jack,” he added, and Jack slid off the bed to follow Sam quickly out the door. It was silent in the room until the Impala’s engine faded into the distance.
“Like Hell it is,” Dean muttered as he slid into the car, texting back,
Dean came easily, propping himself on an elbow beside the drunk almost-angel. “Hey.”
“I’ll always take care of you,” Castiel said, quoting Dean’s words from what seemed like a lifetime ago back to him. He stiffened a bit, and added, more seriously, “And I’ll never hurt you. I won’t ever give you reason to be afraid of me.”
"His hands pulled light from nowhere--spoke fire into being and wound it into a tight, red ball. Wove the earth's crust around it. Made water. Snapped his fingers and filled an empty void with bodies of flame--Dean,
“He’s in Lincoln,” Claire answered for Dean. In all her years of knowing him, she had never seen him look so...scared. “Supply run, nearest big city.”
fly and just meet you there?”
. Dean’s hands were constantly covered in grease, and their kitchen was messy from his baking. Cas’ clothes were covered in dirt from his gardening and he tracked mud over their floors - much to Dean’s chagrin. But Mary and John’s looked as if it came from a 1980’s home magazine.
“Maybe that’s exactly why he is here. Make us so uncomfortable that Sam and Dean say yes just so he’ll leave,” Kaia said thoughtfully.
“I just have one more thing I want to do,” Claire said decisively, “And then we can go to the park or something to eat.”
“I think he already has,” Cas said truthfully, standing. He patted Sam on the shoulder before leaving the motel room to sit next to Dean. They sat together without saying anything for a long time.
“That was the purpose of my greeting,” Castiel said. “I have come to check on you and your family.”
The silence in the room was palpable as they waited for Anael to finish. She finally was able to focus on the humans once more, a smile on her face, “Your nephilim is even more powerful than I had imagined. They did it.”
“Hmm,” Claire opened her eyes, though she didn’t remember closing them.
“Of course we did!” Claire took Dean’s hand and tugged him into the library, pointing at the chair to sit. “Do you want to eat your cake or open presents first?”
With the words
Jack pondered for a moment, “Can I have pancakes?”
“Guess there’s his black steed,” Dean muttered as he slid into the Impala, Sam and Cas joining him while Mary and Bobby got into the older man’s truck. They trailed the SUV into town, and as they got closer to wherever Famine was, the more Dean was compelled to just reach over to Cas and pull him into a kiss.
“This is a cupid, and that,” he said, gesturing at the man’s vice-like grip on Sam, “Is how they greet people.”
Eventually, Ash and Jo were able to finally distinguish a pattern of a very distinct and identifiable virus that was making its way along a very specific path in the Midwest.
“Why didn’t you save us, Bobby?” the girls said in unison. “You walked right past us, Bobby.”
“Praying for your angel boyfriend to come to your-” the demon holding onto him was interrupted when Cas smote him, eyes and mouth glowing bright before fading to nothing as he dropped to the ground.
“Bobby’s first, see if he’s heard anything similar,” Dean said, explaining what Jo had told him over the phone on the five minute drive to Bobby’s place. When they arrived, they didn’t see Bobby’s truck in the driveway, but Karen’s sensible sedan was parked so they still pulled in and headed inside.
Dean wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but just as he was finishing his beer, a handsome man wearing a cowboy hat slid into the space next to him. “Can I buy you another?” Dean immediately flushed, stammering a little as he answered positively. The man flagged down the bartender and ordered two beers, casting Dean a charming, sideways grin. “So, what are you doing here in our small town, stranger?”
“It’s pretty new, so,” Claire sniffled and wiped her cheek quickly. “I know Charlie got you guys legal again, no warrants or anything, so maybe she could do that for me too? If you want?” Rather than replying verbally, Dean stood and walked around the table. He took Claire’s hand and yanked her up, pulling her into a hug so tight she thought she might actually break a rib or two, but she hugged Dean back all the same, burying her face in his neck.
“I admit nothing,” Claire retorted, sitting up and kissing Kaia briefly. “I’m gonna shower before dinner. I still feel like I have shifter goo all over me.”
“Hey Sam,” Claire said as she sat down, seeing the younger Winchester the first time since they returned. “Jack said he went on his first hunt.”
“I was thinking…” Rowena hesitated, “Considering what we’ve been doing, the room you’ve put us in is a wee bit small. It might be best if we used that field you have outside. I wouldn’t want to damage this little… bunker of yours.”
Once the pair was outside, Dean spoke, voice wavering, though he tried to hide it. “Dad got… Cas said the vamp bled into his mouth.”
The question only made the Cupid cry harder. After they finally calmed him down, he was able to tell them that he had no idea why his charges would be killing each other, and they allowed him to leave. They walked back to the Impala, and started back for the motel to reconvene with Bobby and Mary to determine what was causing the deaths, if not the cupid.
“Maybe we should pray to Cas,” Sam suggested.
Claire gasped, leaping back off her seat to avoid any mucus-y beer landing on her, sending Dean a glare he most definitely didn’t see.
“I’m Jack Kline. I’m Dean’s son. And God,” Jack answered. “I don’t want you to speak. I’m not really interested in what you have to say. Dean Winchester is one of the best men I know, and he’s been an amazing father to me, and now I’ve learned it’s no thanks to you.” Jack swallowed heavily and squared his jaw. “And because of that, Dean deserves to be the happiest he can be, here in Heaven. No one deserves it more than him, actually, and he can’t do that if you’re here.”
“Don’t worry about that, kid, I forgave you a long time ago,” Dean interrupted him. “It’s just...I haven’t seen my old man in about sixty years.”
“We’re still here,” she said when Dean looked at them sheepishly. “Come on, you have other gifts to open!”
“It’s just a phrase angel, don’t know where it came from,” Dean muttered, pressing kisses to Cas’ jaw.
“I don’t know,” she said, shaking her head. “I would have to tell you, wouldn’t I.”
“You have gotten much better at detecting when I arrive,” Castiel said, sounding almost...proud.
“She will be,” Dean said. “She’s just scared cause she’s 18 and has no idea what she wants to do with her life. Told her she’ll figure it out and that we’ll be here for her no matter what.”
“You’re gonna need this,” Dean said as he reentered the room, handing her a bottle of whiskey.
“We can’t take Paperclip to the shelter. We have bonded and it would hurt the both of us a lot to be away from one another,” he said confidently, just like Dean taught him.
Amid the chaos that followed Kelly’s death and the birth of the child, Claire had needed fresh air, so she ran outside the bunker - Kaia close behind her. Claire was sobbing before she hit the grass-covered ground just outside the bunker.
“Oh!” Mary exclaimed in surprise, “Let me get Dean and we can talk. Is there anything I can get you?”
“Is there anything else you can tell us?”
“You talk like that all the time?” Castiel frowned again and opened his mouth to question what Dean meant but he just raised a hand to stop him. “Don’t worry about it. It’s kinda cute.”
She ate it so fast she couldn’t even distinguish what kind of sandwich it was. Before she could say anything, a bag of cookies and a bottle of water replaced her sandwich, both of which she easily downed within minutes. “Alright,” Cas stroked her hair gently. “Dean is gonna drive with you while I take your car.”
“No hard feelings,” Dean chuckled and stood up, washing his hands of her blood before checking his phone. “Cas is coming in now, grabbed you a change of clothes that aren’t covered in blood.” Claire just nodded and what felt like only seconds later there was a knock at the door. Dean opened it, speaking softly with Cas for a moment before shutting and locking the door again. “He’s gonna grab you some food so we can start driving as soon as possible.”
“Why my powers don’t affect you?” Famine smiled. “Or do you already know? Do you know what you want more than anything?”
“You fed, John, why the fuck would you do that?” Cas asked, “We could’ve cured you easily if you had just stopped and thought for a second. Instead, you ran off, and you fed, and now you know what I have to do.”
“We will,” Claire mumbled into Dean’s chest. “See you in a few days.” She hugged Cas goodbye as Dean did the same for Jack and soon they were in their car and on the road south.
“Boys?” Mary asked, glancing between them.
“Trust me, this place is very well protected,” Castiel said as they all exited the car. “I’m not even sure I’ll be able to get in.”
“That’s perfect,” replied Jack with a smile, “I don’t sleep that much anyway.”
“Okay,” Claire said, trying to wrap her around the idea that her weird not quite half-brother was
John laughs, “Dean?  He’s a kid, he’ll get over it.”
“It’s only about six hours, I can make it to the bunker,” Claire protested, glancing down at her leg which was soaked with blood, along with the seat of her car.
“Cas...he possessed my father,” Claire answered, figuring being honest would get her out of there the quickest.
“Sammy!” Dean called up the stairs. “Pack your bag, we gotta get going!”
“Come on, we can go to our room and watch a movie or something,” Claire offered with a soft tug to Kaia’s hand. “You too, Jackie.” She led the two of them past Cas, Sam, and John, down the hallway to her and Kaia’s room, locking the door behind them. “What movie should we watch?” Jack selected a movie from their list on Netflix and soon they were all tucked against each other in bed, watching the movie whilst silently comforting each other.
The waitress returned to the table and placed Death’s food in front of him, “Can I get you boys anything else?”
“Kaia is my girlfriend,” Claire said confidently, staring at John, refusing to break eye contact.
“Sammy?” Dean said worriedly.
Despite the circumstances, the room erupted in soft laughter. “Sure, kid,” Dean said with a smile, “Let’s get some pizza.”
When she arrived at the bunker, Jack had greeted her with a huge smile and an awkward wave.
“Listen here you little shit-“
“Come on Miracle!” Claire cooed as she took plenty of pictures of the dog, dressed up in a very cute cupid costume for Valentine’s Day. Jack stood next to her holding a treat to keep Miracle’s attention. “That’s a good girl! I’m gonna give you so many treats!” Finally, she stood and carefully took the costume off Miracle before Jack fed her a handful of her favorite snack. “Now I just have to print these off and leave them for Dean to find,” she said, scratching Miracle’s head. “He’ll be furious!”
“You constantly tell me jokes that you know I won’t understand because you find it funny to listen to me logically work them out,” Cas accused.
At first glance, Greybull, Wyoming looked like every other small town in the midwest. A small downtown where a hodgepodge of local businesses had set up shop with branches of residential areas surrounding it.
“Physically yes,” Cas sighed deeply. “But today, Claire asked me why I possessed Jimmy Novak.”
Claire was the first to stand up, and the other two were quick to follow. Dean let out another sigh, and set off to find Cas.
“That’s rich, coming from you,” she said before taking a bite of her dinner. Jack was right, Dean did make really good mac and cheese. “You ate nothing but burgers and pie when I met you.”
“Sounds fair,” Jack agreed and with that, everyone dug into dinner. It was loud, everyone talking to and over one another, laughing, beer sloshing onto the table as arms were jostled. By the time plates were cleared and glasses empty, Claire was exhausted and slumped over against Kaia.
Sam made his way to the nearest road and picked a direction to walk in, assuming that he would eventually run into civilization no matter which way he followed it. Just when he was considering stopping to give his legs and lungs a break, he saw a telltale marker of a convenience store: a sign that offered a mediocre deal on beef jerky and Pepsi.
After she had gone through three rounds of cleaning every inch of their house, she was still most of the way to a full-blown panic attack. She plopped down on the couch, heart beating rapidly as her chest heaved with shaky breaths. Before her mind got in her way, she dialed Dean’s phone number.
“Can I ask you a question? And I don’t mean it to be offensive or anything, I’m just...really confused,” Claire shut the tap off and began scrubbing the pot so she could focus on that rather than her words. “Why do you listen to them? Like, I really only do it because I don’t have another choice. Dean locked up my car keys, but you’re...you’re God. You don’t have to listen to them.”
“You get to play with me more instead of training with Dad.”
Bobby remembers when he first met the Winchesters - they’d rolled up to his place unannounced one afternoon and John had come knocking at the door with the name of a psychic Bobby barely knew.  But he’d said,
How was her life so fucking fucked?
“Oh,” Castiel said and dropped his head. He was silent for a long time, but Claire didn’t push for him to speak. “Angels, as a species, were made to follow. We were soldiers, perfect soldiers. Never question an order, never have doubts, never feel anything but love for our Father. The garrison I was in was given the order to raise the Righteous Man from Hell and once he was alive again, I was tasked with guiding him.”
Mary smiled shyly as he spluttered, “I tried to stop him…”
“They’re still asleep, I’ll go wake them,” Mary said and headed upstairs, banging on both their bedroom doors. “Get up and get downstairs!” She yelled. “Now, I want to see you in less than five minutes!” She heard identical groaning but it was enough to reassure they were awake and would follow orders so she joined Castiel in the kitchen once more. “They’ll be a few minutes.”
, he thought.
“You were going through one of the…” Dean took a deep breath. “There’s dangerous shit in there, why would you touch anything?”
“I miss them too,” Jack said thoughtfully. “It’s different for me though, as I can check on them whenever I need, but they cannot do the same. I think it would be good if I came to family dinner once a week, as you suggested.”
“Sammy,” Dean started. “Look, I don’t know what happened in the pit, and I know I’ll never be able to really understand what you went through, but you’re my little brother, and I want to take care of you. I need to take care of you. So if you don’t talk to me about what happened, talk to someone else? Mom or Bobby or hell, you could even talk to Cas if you ever get the chance.”
They ate in the library, giving themselves a bit more space with two extra people. Sam and Dean were telling stories from when they were young, both on the right side of tipsy. Sam tried his best to sign as he spoke, but the more he drank the sloppier he got, and eventually Eileen kissed him and told him that she could read their lips before he broke something.
“And you do?” Alastair walked around the two of them so he was standing directly behind Sam. He grabbed a handful of his hair and yanked it back, so Sam was forced to look up. “Do you really know anything about her? You know she’s been down there almost twice as long as you now.”
“Yes, I believe that Sam feels it is easier to talk to me about his time in Hell. He still believes that he has disappointed you and Dean,” Castiel explained. “While I am both unbiased as well as have experience with Hell.”
Cas let out a humorless laugh, “Your
He was passed out - a little drunk, a little exhausted from the past few days - when Dean found him curled up in a bed that wasn’t theirs, several hours later.
“Okay, so, I’ll set a timer for thirty minutes and while they’re breaking, we’ll make the buttercream,” Claire said, pulling up the recipe for the buttercream on her phone. They got started on that and only served to add to the mess, with powdered sugar covering absolutely every surface in the kitchen, as well as Claire and Jack themselves.
“Call your brother, he’s at the university library,” Mary ordered. “Tell him what’s happening.” Dean nodded and handed her the iron poker before pulling his phone from his pocket and calling Sam.
“Good to know,” Dean said softly. “Good luck with your battle.”
“He did,” Cas confirmed. “It went very well, and we’re all very proud of him.” Jack beamed at the praise.
Death ignored him, “Besides, depending on how much longer you sit around doing nothing, killing her could be the wrong move. Didn’t that pet angel of yours tell you that her death is the final seal? Do you even know
“Who the hell are you?” She called, keeping her voice steady and cold. The man’s hard gaze shot to her immediately.
“Fuck,” he hissed, “Can you guys get out okay?”
.  Always hungry.  Back in June he’d made himself sick the first night they’d stayed.  He’d made breakfast for dinner - because John always showed up unannounced, and the only non-canned food he consistently kept stocked was stuff for a hot breakfast.  Bobby couldn’t keep track of how much the kid had eaten, had just stood at the stove and kept making pancakes while he’d them down.  The kid always ate like that, the morning after was no exception.
“You sure?” Dean asked, eyebrows raised. “Jack hasn’t really hunted that much.”
Everyone rushed for the unconscious Dean at once, trying their best to rouse him, to no avail. “Well, he’s still breathing,” said Jody, attempting to reassure the increasingly disquieted crowd, “but we do need to get him to a hospital. Now.”
Claire stood up from the picnic table, reaching for the switchblade in her pocket, “Who the fuck are you?”
“So, I made you something,” Dean said, clearing his throat. He stepped around the Impala and reached into the glovebox, pulling out a cassette tape. “Was thinking about how you hadn’t listened to any of the greats and that’s just no way to live life, Cas, so I made you this.” He told the tape out to Cas, the angel gingerly reaching forward to take it from Dean. “It plays music. You’ll need a tape deck to listen to it.”
“If it helps, the child was most likely already deceased.”
“What’s going on?” Mary called from her office. Dean walked down the hall to stand in the open doorway, leaning against the frame.
Claire grabbed some clean clothes and headed down the hall to the showers, gladly taking her time to wash her hair, using some of Sam’s fancy shampoo and conditioner rather than her shitty Wal-Mart ones. Once she was dried off and dressed, she padded down the hall toward the TV room - though Dean insisted it was still called the “Dean Cave” even though no one but him used it - where she found Jack and Kaia watching
“So, people aren’t just dying, they’re magically getting better from things that should have killed them,” Dean said, watching as Sam pulled out his laptop. “How do we even start to research this thing? We don’t deal with things that stop people from dying, we deal with things that kill people!”
It started when Bobby received a worrying call from a hunter - Olivia - that was cut short. He pulled Dean along with him to go check on her only to find her slaughtered in her home - all locks engaged, protection sigils and wards untouched. There were no clues to how she met her death. They cleaned up her place, gave her a hunter's funeral, and made their way back to Sioux Falls.
“We want you to be our dad, Dean. We want to call you that and we want you to do all the dumb dad stuff we both missed out on,” Claire said quietly, Jack coming up behind Dean to hug him.
“Oh, baby,” Mary cooed and cupped Sam’s cheek. “We weren’t upset you didn’t tell us, not really, we were upset you were hiding something that was hurting you so much. You hid it and we couldn’t do anything to help but we knew you were going through something awful.”
“But not impossible. Now get us home so we can actually figure out what we’re dealing with,” Bobby said. Dean just nodded and pressed the pedal down a bit harder, the engine roaring as the speedometer climbed.
Not looking any less confused, Castiel spoke again, “What does that mean?”
It was November.  Too chilly in this part of the country to be outside in just a flannel, and the metal is cold under his fingertips.  The wind hasn’t stopped blowing all autumn, and as still as everything feels in this moment he can still hear the chaotic tumbling of the windchimes from a neighbor’s place being carried over on the breeze.  He can hear Alex Trebeck’s voice drifting out from the living room, a reminder of the peace of the last month that had ended the moment John had shown back up.  Barking orders, telling his sons to get a move on.  Dean had hopped up and gone straight upstairs to pack their things, but Sam hadn’t moved from where he was sitting on the couch.
“Always,” Dean said.  “Can I have coffee?”
Claire pulled the car up to a corner store, and with a wink at Kaia, she walked in by herself. She returned a few moments later with a six-pack of Bud Light.
“What the fuck is going on here,” asked Dean, looking around at the others, “Are we sure those were even demons?”
John’s mouth flattened into a thin, hard line, “Don’t tell me how to raise my sons, you don’t know the first thing about being a father.”
When the Cupid finally put Sam down, Dean advanced on him with an angel blade, “You’re going to tell us what the hell you’ve been doing to people and why, or I’m going to kill you right here.”
Sam’s eyes widened, “Is he okay? Is Cas looking for the one who turned him so they can cure him?”
Rowena nodded politely, “This will do for now, but it might be wise for us to do some of our work outside. I’m not sure how powerful he’ll be, or how much space we’ll need. We can start small and build up, though.”
“No, not particularly,” admitted Cas. “But it’s a—what you’d call a creature comfort, I think. The caffeine has little effect, but I find the gesture soothing. A remnant of my time as a human, I suppose.”
“What he said,” said Sam.
“Okay,” said Jack, and hurried to help.
“M’not complaining,” said Dean. “I—this is great, Cas, but I—”
“Let me get everything ready and we can start in an hour,” Rowena answered quietly. She looked up at Sam. “Where are we doing this, Samuel?”
In his chest, Dean’s heart seized. “Michael,” he said, voice barely audible.
“We have jars for that?” asked Dean, finally looking up from Castiel’s face.
Castiel shook his head. “That’s not what I mean.”
“Love you,” returned Dean, ears burning hot in the dark.
body now, not merely a vessel, but where that realization used to settle in his gut like a stone it bloomed now, warm and bright as a sunflower in spring. Castiel suddenly understood that this feeling was an anticipation—one he wouldn’t have without the confines of a body: this way, he could touch Dean. Grow old with him. Love him.
“He was an infant!” said Castiel.
A flash of purple light, and then the darkness of sleep.
“Sorry, Sam,” Jack mumbled, deflating back into his seat and pulling his book into his lap.
“Let’s go over it one more time,” said Sam, fidgeting. “Rowena, you leave the grace here with Cas and Jack while we go to the warehouse.”
“Tell me what happened,” he said softly. Castiel set the kit on the bed and then returned to Dean, gently urging him to stand from the floor. When Dean did, Castiel guided him to a seat on the bed, and he turned to grab the chair from the desk and bring it over, carefully stepping around the vomit. He placed the chair before Dean and sat himself in it, then opened the first aid kit.
“Why are you so calm about this?” he growled, nearly yelling.
“Dean!” Castiel called out, and despite the distance, there was no echo. The figure stopped, rose slowly, and turned around.
“I wasn’t sure which to get,” Castiel admitted, setting the bottles in the front seat. He pulled the blanket out from under his arm and lifted his brows. “May I?”
Sam nodded. “Seems that way.”
“Damnit,” he sighed to himself and eased the door softly closed behind him. He felt like slamming it shut so hard he broke the hinges, but if that really
Maybe – Janis Joplin (1969)
So why couldn’t he just fucking do something about it? With another swig of whiskey, Dean resolved he would.
“Of course,” Jack said. He nodded to Castiel and leaned against the car door.
“Do what?”
“Rowena has it written down and everything put together,” assured Castiel. He gave Jack a little nudge over towards Rowena, who patted the bed beside her with a grin. “She’ll walk you through it.”
“It’s funny,” drawled Michael, smiling lazily down at what Dean assumed was Castiel’s writhing form. “I was so concerned about my remaining grace. But you know what? It’s growing back on its own, which renders your hubby, well, rather useless. Don’t you think?”
Dean grunted and turned around to shake Sam’s shoulder. “Rise and shine, sleeping beauties,” he said as he smacked Jack’s shoe as well.
“Yeah?” challenged Dean, stepping into Castiel’s space. “Because you’re acting like this is a walk in the park. Not waking me up, not telling me your brain’s going nuclear—”
“What didn’t I tell you?”
Dean snorted and used his elbows to flip himself over and sit up. “You ‘member that?” He stretched his arms into the air, back and shoulders popping with sleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
The teenage Gas-N-Sip cashier leaned on her elbows, grinning. The couple had walked in bickering, and they weren’t stopping as they approached the counter.
“So, what?” asked Jack, finally speaking up. “He’s trying to open up another rift? Why? He’s already made it here. Isn’t that what he wanted?”
“Yeah, we do,” said Dean, simply.
“No, and you’re not going either,” Cas threatened, confident.
“Okay, hear that?” said Dean, looking back to Belial in the mirror. “Within the week for you.”
The other, larger angel watched Castiel writhing with detached interest, his stance relaxing. The danger of Castiel had passed. Behind them, the spell regained it’s hold on the werewolf, and it lurched for Sam. Dean reached for his second clip—the one with witch-killing bullets, and moved to switch them out, but the witch was faster.
Castiel obliged, leaning down to plant a soft kiss on Dean’s lips. “You know me,” said Castiel. He furrowed his brows and repeated Dean’s words from long ago, tone playfully serious, “A baby in a trench coat.”
“Great,” said Dean.
With the last word, the hissing stopped, and the flames suddenly returned to their normal height. A silence, broken only by a sharp intake of breath from Sam, as if he’d been holding it, fell heavily over the room, and a chill swept into the air, settled on the occupants’ shoulders like stones, holding them to their seats.
Position: Final song on side 2
Sam raised his brows at Castiel, curiously, but spoke to Jack instead. “You eat yet?”
“Hmm?”
“What the Hell…” Jack mumbled, both of them skidding to a halt.
The song Castiel loved began again, and Dean crawled across the seat, shoving Castiel’s coats and the box of tapes into the floor. He took Castiel’s stunned face in both his hands. “I love you, you idiot,” he said, and leaned in to press his lips carefully against Castiel’s.
However, as soon as he saw who was sitting in the middle of the room, all thoughts of his horny brother and angel best friend vanished because there was Famine.
“And why the fuck not?” Dean snarled. “This is Heaven, Sammy. Paradise. Why would I want to taint that with
“Hey, Jackie,” Claire smiled. “How have you been?”
There, standing in the front yard in his ever present tan trenchcoat, was Jack’s father.
“Yeah, man, it’s a good thing,” Dean said with a laugh. “Thanks for taking care of Alastair’s body, by the way. I’m not sure if me and Sam could have gotten it out without causing some sort of panic.”
“Yeah, I would. I was always an only child, and even at Jody’s all I’ve got are sisters. It’s nice to have a brother,” Claire explained. Jack smiled to himself at that and they were quiet for a moment.
“I can’t get a cell signal. Looks like we’re taking this one on our own. I don’t want to give him the chance to get away,” Dean said.
Sam reached into the pocket of his off-brand Carhartt jacket and pulled out a mini package of M&Ms. “I’ve been saving these since Uncle Bobby’s but,” he extended the package towards Dean, “I want you to have them.”
look.
“That’s exactly what you should do. Dean will process this in his own time, and until then, all we can do is be supportive.” Jack nodded at that, and glanced back at Dean.
“Oh, well, Dean and Bela went with Jack and Rowena to keep an eye on him, and Sam went into town to do the grocery shopping. I offered to stay here in case you or Kaia needed anything,” Castiel explained. “Is there something you needed?”
.  His boys were standing behind him, the two of them holding hands cute as could be.  The littler had wobbled walking up to the door, couldn’t be more than two.  And, well.  The man just wanted to know what got his wife, and Bobby could relate.  So he invited them in and turned the tv on for the kids and had John tell him the story.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said without looking up from where he was checking something under the hood.
“Are you okay?” he asked the woman that John had been feeding on, “Did his blood get in you at all?”
“And then when I went to get Sam from the car, he left, said something about how they need him in Heaven, but that we can pray to him if we need him,” Dean said, glancing out the window as if to check if the angel really was gone.
Before too long, Jack wandered into the kitchen, “Good morning, Dean! Hi, Bela!”
Dean paused as he felt the familiar gust of wind from an angel’s wings. “Dean,” Cas greeted. Dean opened his eyes and saw Castiel standing a few feet in front of him. “You prayed.”
Claire laughed as she easily rounded the tables and was back in the hallway before Jack could steady himself. She passed her door easily but as soon as she made it back to the library on her second lap, Jack had caught up to her. She was coming up to the turn when felt a tug on the back of her shirt as Jack yanked her, causing her to lose her balance and crash into the table as Jack continued sliding ahead.
Jack and Bela chatted amicably as Dean cooked enough for everyone. Drawn by the smell of pancakes and bacon, both Sam and Rowena filed into the room, one after the other. Sam made his way over to the coffee pot and poured himself a generous mug.
“Why don’t you kids go on in and put your stuff down.  Pour yourselves some cereal or I can fix something in a minute,” Bobby said, shooing them past the adults and into the house.  As the screen door banged shut Dean could hear the two of them going on about something, but he didn’t bother listening.  It wasn’t his problem, not in this house.  Instead he ran up the stairs with his bag to the room that he always called dibs on when they stayed here.  He threw his bag on the bed and immediately went back downstairs to the kitchen.  He opened the cabinets one after the other, pulling stuff out as he went, and then opened the fridge to stand there and survey the contents.  He grabbed the eggs, bacon, and milk out and turned when he heard Sam pull out a chair.
“It’s okay,” Jack told the dog. “I’ll convince him to keep you. I should probably name you first…” he looked down at the dog, and considered what he could name her, and suddenly, he thought of the perfect name. “Paperclip!”
“I do, since it was only a few minutes ago.”
“Sorry,” she managed to get out sheepishly, doing her best to hold still as Dean bandaged her back up.
Sam shook his head, “If it’s alright with you, I think Bela and I need to go apartment hunting and I’m going to need to try and get my transcripts in order so that they’ll admit me again.”
grew into a wonderful, loving, caring man not because of you, but in spite of you. If you ask me, decapitating you is a far kinder death than you deserve.”
“It’s okay,” Claire said, turning to face Jack with a smile, “I suppose it does. We’ve all been so anxious to meet you.”
“Give me one example!” Dean said, flabbergasted.
“You good?” Sam asked, though Cas rushed around the desk to kneel next to Dean on the floor, checking him over thoroughly.
Dean tried to reply, but Death spoke over him, “Personally, I don’t want Lilith to free Lucifer either, so tell me, what do you plan to do to keep that from happening?”
“Well, it doesn’t bring her back so much as pull her forward. It’s a spell, and it’ll pull her from the moment right before she dies so it won’t alter the timeline. Everything else will still happen as it did,” John explained. “But it’s a complicated spell, and I need you two for it.”
Jo, Mary and Dean had gone to the motel room, telling Sam and Castiel to wait in the car so that the situation could be explained in full before Bobby was actually face-to-face with the two of them.
“Hey!” Dean said, coming around the corner quickly. “What is going on?”
“Come on, we better go before we get grumpy Dean,” Claire said, pulling Jack back to her room. She collapsed onto her, laughing until her stomach started to hurt. “It’s been a long time since I’ve had that much fun.”
They were both quiet for the first thirty or so minutes of the movie, but then Claire had to ask a question, and that set Jack off as he answered, babbling on for minutes about the set design of Star Wars and that’s when Clarie realized -
per se, it was just that, Cas only had so much time to spend on Earth on any given day, and the newfound friendship between Sam and Cas really cut into the occasional late-night talks that Dean had grown used to with the angel.
“Can we get a tree?” Claire asked. “Like a real tree? As a kid, we just put up the same fake tree every year.”
“Yeah kid, here, go get three,” Dean pulled a ten-dollar bill from his wallet and handed it over. Claire beamed and practically skipped over. She had the drinks within a few minutes, joining Cas and Dean at the car.
As relief washed over him, the dam finally broke and Dean let the tears fall down his cheeks, “God dammit Cas, don’t ever do that again. I thought I lost you.”
“You haven’t gone to see your parents yet?” Jack asked, furrowing his brows. He had thought a visit to Mary and John would have been first on Dean’s list.
“I ever tell you boys about my old man?” Bobby asked, though he knew the answer.
Jo nodded, biting her lip, “I can show you the algorithm if you want, but essentially there’s an area in Wyoming where … it’s a giant devil’s trap and we think that in the center, there’s a gate to Hell. We know a full-blooded demon can’t get inside… but one of the demon-blood kids like Sam could, and I don’t think Azazel will be too far behind.”
“We need to hurry inside,” Kaia said nervously, “I think they can follow us here.”
“Guess I’m waiting then,” John said. “You got somewhere I can put my feet up?”
“Dean’s shown me some horror movies but I prefer Star Wars,” Jack said. “I watched those with Cas.”
“Of course not, Claire, I never want you to hide yourself if you do not want to,” Cas reached across the table and took her hand. “Dean’s relationship with his father is complicated, and that is putting it lightly. I just want you to know how John might react so that you can be prepared. But know that absolutely nothing will happen to you, I would die before I let anyone, especially John Winchester, hurt you.” Claire smiled weakly, taking a shaky breath as she squeezed Cas’ hand.
Confused, Castiel spoke towards the receiver, “It’s true. Samuel is human. It was the will of Heaven that he be released.”
The metal of the trigger was cold.
Cas was already on his way out the door, “And I am the only one here who has seen horrors even remotely comparable to what Sam has been subjected to.” No one argued after that.
“There is no place I’d rather be, Heaven, Hell, Purgatory, or Earth, than right here, with you,” Cas whispered, leaning in to kiss Dean once more.
When Sam saw the way that his brother’s jaw clenched, he decided to change the subject, “I’m hungry. What do you say we stop somewhere for breakfast, and then find a motel? I know you haven’t slept in at least 28 hours.”
“And so what, you’re just hanging around, hoping he’s still in there somewhere?” John snorted. “Hate to tell you, sweetheart, but he’s long gone.”
“It’s because I want to make sure that you’re ready, okay?” Dean said, sitting down next to Cas. “You’re still learning how to work your powers and I just don’t want anyone getting hurt. In a few months, after you’ve got some more experience under your belt, we can talk about it again. Does that sound fair?”
John went to pour himself another.  “I’m their father, I know what’s best for them.”  There was no room for argument - there never was, not with demons and not with his kids - so Bobby’d shut his mouth and asked if he’d seen the latest Cards game.
“And not presently?” Claire asked, biting her lip. She had seen the way Sam and Dean sometimes acted in certain situations. Dean’s attitude toward food, the way they refuse to throw clothes away until they’re actually in tatters, the attitude toward authority figures...she’d seen it in all the group homes she had been to over the years.
“It’s… certainly …” Cas searched for the words, “I imagine it is because of the relationship that Kelly and I formed while he was in the womb. He was able to sense that. He told Claire and Kaia something similar. He also… insinuated to Claire that he was essentially her brother because of…” he trailed off.
“Thought she was Dean’s kid,” John grunted, glaring down at Cas to try and conceal the panic in his eyes.
“That is what I have noticed as well. He’s very smart and very capable when it comes to his abilities. However, after we have taken care of Michael, we will have to backtrack. He will need to know how to be human.”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas said and Jack watched nervously as Dean headed down the hallway toward his bedroom, Sam staying with them as Bela emerged, wrapping her arms around his neck in an embrace. Jack waited a long moment before excusing himself to go back to his room, where Claire and Kaia were waiting. Before Jack could even explain, Dean’s voice sounded down the hallway.
“Why would it make me uncomfortable?” Castiel furrowed his brows in confusion.
“I see,” Pestilence said. “Sorry, but the boss doesn’t like gossip.” Dean quirked an eyebrow.
“You made him a mixtape?” Mary asked, smiling softly. “Oh, Dean, that’s so sweet. What was on it?”
“How can I say no to that?” Dean said and followed Karen back into the kitchen, as if he wouldn’t stay just to spend time with her. Growing up, Karen had been like a second mother to Sam and Dean, often watching them while Mary and Bobby worked a case or helped another hunter research their own.
“Can’t wait to see his reaction when you call him dad for the first time,” Claire said.
Jack was a nerd. Just like his dads.
“Father says I shouldn’t steal,” Jack frowned.
“Your father?” she asked with a quirked eyebrow. Before she could get further, Cas stepped forward with a tight smile. Realization dawned on Rowena’s face as she saw the way Cas positioned himself protectively at Jack’s side.
“So what?” he said.
“Yeah, I like when it’s just you and me and Bobby,” Dean said.
“Oh,” Claire whispered, fist clenching around Miracle’s leash.
“How? What happened?” Cas asked, keeping his voice steady and calm, hoping it would help Jack feel the same.
“You want a coffee or tea?” Mary asked.
“That sounds delicious,” Kaia said with a smile. Growing up in the system and life on the road meant home-cooked meals were few and far between.
He hoped that in a few days, once they finally crack the case, they’d roll out of here and stop at a diner and the tension would break. Sam would eat his raisin toast and laugh at something Dean says to lighten the mood and everything would be okay because Dean had been playing mediator for going-on ten years now.
“Other things? It’s been two fucking days!” Dean said angrily, standing to be able to look down at the angel.
Ellen let out a laugh, “Not without me, young lady.”
“Is Jack okay?” Dean asked, voice strained as he prayed to his son to be safe.
“Yes,” Jack bit his lip. He still felt guilty over what he did to Mary, and he knew Dean still blamed him. “I’ve apologized to Mary-”
“It might take some convincing but I think he will,” she said. “Now let’s watch this shitty movie until dinner’s ready.” The three of them settled into the couch, Kaia leaning against Claire’s shoulder while Jack was on her other side, legs crossed underneath him.
“I did. I didn’t want anyone else seeing me like that,” he agreed. Dean bit back a remark about
Dean scoffed, “So, basically, what you’re saying is that you know nothing.”
“Not good enough,” Sam growled and slashed the knife across Alastair’s throat before stabbing it into his heart. His eyes and mouth glowed a bright red-orange before he fell limp against the floor. Sam panted as he pushed himself up to stand with Dean, both of them turning to face the two other people in the room.
“Hello Dean,” a voice sounded in front of him, startling Dean with a gasp.
“I said get away from him,” Dean repeated, finger already on the trigger.
Bobby nodded curtly and drained the remainder of his beer. They didn’t discuss it beyond that, choosing instead to eat a mediocre dinner in front of the TV, pretending that any of them cared to watch college football.
Sam looked up with a start when Dean came back into the house, looking like he might pass out.
“Uh, yeah,” Claire nodded, glancing between Jack and the other two. “I’m sorry, I don’t know who you are.”
The woman smiled, “My name is Naomi,” she took a few steps closer, eyes trained on Jack, “I won’t hurt you, but you must come with me. Your father has been waiting a long time to meet you.”
it’s like.”
Hours later, when the sun was just beginning to rise, and Sam’s hands finally stopped shaking, he turned to face Dean, who was focusing a little too intently on the highway in front of them.
Cas lugged the unconscious man - vampire - back to the car, straining under the larger man’s weight. Fortunately for him, John kept his trunk about as well-stocked as the rest of the Winchesters did, and Cas was able to tie him up and deposit him in the trunk. Cas pumped him full of another syringe of Dead Man’s Blood just to buy himself more time.
Hand on the Colt, Dean turned to face the man, “You need something, buddy?”
“How are you in here? I thought there was too much warding?” Dean asked, stepping over the body to face Castiel more head on.
Claire beamed, pulling Kaia into a hug, “I’m so proud of you, baby, where are we going?”
“He’d be furious,” Dean said, a trace of panic in his voice.
Once they got into the car, Sam set up the tape and pulled out of the driveway. Cas sat in the passenger seat and stared out the window as the unfamiliar sounds washed over him. Though Sam raised his eyebrows at some of the songs Dean had chosen - he did wonder how oblivious Cas was to not see Dean’s feelings for him - he remained silent through the duration of the mixtape.
