But when Rosie was born, all those fears went away. Well, most of them had. He still worried about his ability to be a good father, and he feared his strained relationship with Mary would impact things. But he didn’t want to run from it anymore. He wanted to give all he could to his daughter and be the best person he could be for her. It was easier said than done, as the recent months had proven, but he was trying. He liked to think he was getting better.
He would have thought the previous night was a dream if he hadn’t woken up beside John. For so long, he had dreamt of a moment where John would look into his eyes and say those three words, and for so long he had thought it wasn’t possible. Leaving right before John was able to say it two weeks ago, on their special night after John had gotten the sling off, was the hardest thing Sherlock had ever done. He couldn’t lie and say he wasn’t terrified that he’d lied about coming back, that he knew full well there was an excellent chance he wouldn’t be returning to John and Rosie.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to look confused. “But, I’ve said I love you. That should indicate what I want.”
Then it hit him. A tiny cry had reached his ears, the kind of cry that belonged to a seven-month-old girl.
“We didn’t have much money,” John was saying, “which is why I ended up in the army. My mum was proud of me for enlisting. She died during my first tour.”
“I’m fine,” he repeated, this time gentler. “Mycroft has told me the flat is perfectly safe, and no one is getting in unless I invite them.”
“Molly’s done the shopping for your father,” he told Rosie. “She always buys organic eggs. Why didn’t John go shopping?”
“Do you remember,” Sherlock said, breaking the silence, “the time when I was arrested by Scotland Yard for my alleged involvement in the kidnapping of two children?”
Sherlock looked wary. He was staring at John like he was a newly discovered animal. John was beginning to wonder if, in a way, he was.
Once Sherlock had composed himself, Lestrade eyed him thoughtfully and ran his fingers over the stubble on Sherlock’s jaw. “You hate this, don’t you?”
Sherlock nodded and crossed over to him. John held his breath as Sherlock bent and nestled Rosie into his arm. This gave John a perfect view of Sherlock’s bare neck, unprotected by his scarf. The sight made John swallow harshly.
“Oh. That’s – that’s okay.” He shouldn’t have expected her to be at his beck and call. “I can ask Greg to come over.”
His anger was ebbing, leaving behind the familiar pang of self-loathing. His oldest friend. “I meant – I meant to say – he shouldn’t love me. After everything I’ve done to him, he shouldn’t. It’s wrong.”
“Something’s bothering you,” Sherlock said as they walked. He pushed Rosie along in her pushchair as John walked beside them. John hated feeling so useless, being unable to push his daughter himself.  It was supposed to be
He didn’t figure it out. For the next hour, he puzzled over it while keeping Rosie occupied. He knew this dinner was simply John’s way of thanking him for everything, but if that was all, John wouldn’t be so nervous. At least, he hoped he wouldn’t be. He liked to think that after three weeks of living together things between them were finally repaired.
Sherlock looked up at him. At twenty-two, Mycroft’s appearance gave the impression he was much older than he was. Sherlock took pleasure in teasing him about it.
Greg sat down on his bed, and John hurried to copy him. “I’ve found that insisting they have a problem doesn’t work. They don’t need you to tell them what their parents have been saying for God knows how long. What they need is someone to talk to, someone who’s willing to listen.”
The last word fell heavily between them. Sherlock sucked in another breath. John blinked harshly, suddenly aware of the tears gathering in his eyes.
“Sorry,” John said, cursing himself for apologizing so much. “Mary and I haven’t – we didn’t get to set this up.” Neither man looked at each other.
Sherlock’s heart broke a little. That was unacceptable. John deserved to hold his daughter as much as he wanted.
“I’m really okay,” he said. “I’ve had worse.” He sat up straighter in his chair, which only served to jostle his shoulder more. Gritting his teeth together, he glanced up at Molly, whose look told him she didn’t believe him for a second.
“So,” Greg said, “you use cocaine to solve crimes.” A few people snickered. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John took a step forward, and it took all of Sherlock’s restraint not to step back. Despite them being outside, the air around them felt quiet and undisturbed, like they were the only ones on that street.
“I can’t,” replied Sherlock. He pulled plates down from the cabinets. John stood up from the table and joined him, indicating he could portion the eggs while Sherlock was on the phone. Sherlock nodded gratefully and held the pan steady for him.
John stared at him for a long moment. Sherlock watched as the fight went out of him and resignation crept in.
John let out a low whistle. “That’s a mouthful. Mine’s boring. John Hamish Watson.” He made a face. “I hate the name Hamish.”
“Well, we both had to make our own beds.” Sherlock pulled the sheet taut across the bed. “My individual tasks included straightening up the sitting room, dusting, and taking care of Redbeard.”
John fell asleep with Sherlock stroking his hair, and when he woke up again several hours later, he couldn’t remember if it was a dream or not.
John’s reaction to Sherlock’s concern for Rosie was intriguing to say the least, but Sherlock chose not to read too much into it. He couldn’t help but worry that, if he did, he would get his hopes up, and that wasn’t something he could afford to do. John probably just thought it was funny that he had an advantage over Sherlock for once.
“No one deserves happiness more than you guys.” John smiled at that. “After all you’ve been through, you two need some rest.”
, things would be on the road to recovery. He and John would have a much needed talk, and then they would focus on repairing the fragile bond between them. By the end of the day, they’d have sunken into their easy and familiar banter and the pains of the past would be temporarily put in the rearview mirror.
John gave up on trying to hold onto his squirming daughter and looked up at Sherlock. “Music? Seriously? You want me to put on a CD?”
He turns on his heel and walks straight out of the sitting room. Up the stairs, into his bedroom, over to the cot in the corner where he gently lays Penny down. Makes a quick stop at his nightstand to pick up the baby monitor sitting there before returning downstairs.
At first, John just chalked it up to a bit of lust. He hadn’t had a girlfriend in a while, and liking boys was still new territory. Of course he’d be attracted to the gorgeous boy he was around almost every waking moment.
When Sherlock judged that John was getting near he leant down to kiss him, wanting as much body contact as possible.  John raised his knees, feet flat on the floor, to give Sherlock something to push against and to improve the angle for Sherlock, making sure to hit his prostate on every thrust.  Sherlock loved this position and liked to come from just the friction of his own cock rubbing between their bellies.  He rested his elbows on the floor next to John’s head and John brought his hands up to Sherlock’s hips to help propel him forward.
“Jury is out on that one.  Shall I phone Lestrade and try it again and see what he thinks?”  John started to reach towards the drawer.
John started off by kissing his way along Sherlock’s inner thigh.  He kissed the crease where Sherlock’s leg was bent, sliding his tongue along the skin.  He sucked a dark love bite at the top of the thigh causing Sherlock’s cock to fill out most gratifyingly as Sherlock groaned at the sensation.  John lifted his head off to look down at Sherlock and he grinned smugly at him and blew him a kiss.
He had to make the most of Tuesday nights.  His parents always went away on Tuesdays and, since they’d first started school, Sherlock had arranged for John to sleep over at his house on a Tuesday night and they went to school together on Wednesday morning.  Mycroft had been in the house when they were younger but, luckily for them, when he’d gone away to university they had been allowed to continue as Sherlock’s parents said that John was a good influence.  There was also a housekeeper around so it wasn’t as if they were totally abandoned or John’s parents might not have been so keen to allow two boys in a house on their own, but it had always worked out.
“I don’t know what to say to such a declaration, Sherlock.  I spent a long time thinking about it this morning and I do have feelings for you, I have for a while now, but this vampire thing is going to take some getting used to.  I don’t know how I feel about even the concept of being turned, but I certainly don’t want to think about you killing yourself over me.  I’m not worth your life, not ever.”
"Of course."  Sherlock had read this part when he had gone over it with John and knew how it flowed, so he started straight in, deepening his voice even lower and sounding all his words crisply just as a radio announcer would do.  When he stopped and looked around the others were all watching him.  He looked at Greg and raised his eyebrow.
Almost without conscious thought his arms raised and he took one in each hand.  They both groaned and stopped to look down at Greg.  As they turned their bodies slightly in his direction he leaned forwards and, holding the two cock heads together, he licked his way across both of them, his hands rhythmically squeezing the shafts as he listened to his friends panting and moaning above him.  They moved a little closer to save him stretching so far and carried on kissing each other as he kissed them.  They had one arm around each other’s bodies and the other with fingers touching as they each held onto Greg’s head, encouraging him to continue.
Two weeks later and John could tell that Sherlock had just about reached his limit at the enforced restrictions.  They had been increasing their walks every day and had even had a little exploration of the caves as well as following the course of both streams to the very edges of the property.
They had a lovely meal with Sherlock making polite but interesting conversation with Mrs Watson.  He used his observations, and the knowledge he had gained from things John had said previously, to engage her in topics she would enjoy, and chipped in when John provided amusing anecdotes about their friends.  Even Harry was succumbing to Sherlock’s charms as he focused on her achievements, instead of the subtle signs which were already visible – to him, at least – concerning her drinking habits.  They sat with coffee after dessert and Sherlock launched his offensive.
“Think about it though.” Lestrade leaned forward, which just made Sherlock want to lean back. He didn’t, though, and he was rather proud of himself for it. “You’re living in close proximity to the person you’re in love with, who just happens to be the same person who, no offense to John, has caused you a lot of anguish recently. And
Sherlock looked at him, and John was aware of how close they were. It was just like the park all over again. He felt himself grow breathless. Under his hand, Sherlock’s fingers began to relax.
John didn’t know what to do with himself. He had already folded the laundry and put it away. Dinner would need to be prepared soon, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to get up from the couch just yet.
about having it.” Sherlock was sitting on the couch while John was on the floor with Rosie, and he was more than a little peeved about it.
He supposed he should have expected it. Since Mary’s death, his and John’s relationship had been carefully restrained at best, and that was only recently. Sherlock still bore the bruises and cuts John’s fists had bestowed upon him. They had only just been on the verge of some kind of reparation before Sherlock’s deepest, darkest secret was flung out into the open.
“Yeah, fine,” John said. He had to have known Sherlock would see right through that, but he made no further effort to convince him. “You?”
“I asked you here to help take care of her,” said John. “That’s what you did today. I don’t have a problem with it.”
John hopped down the front steps and stood in front of Sherlock. He kept his expression casual, though Sherlock could see a flicker of anxiety.
Sherlock obeys, because when has he ever not done what John asks him to? “Love…” he says, the word slurring slightly.
John’s face softened at that, and he laid a hand on Sherlock’s arm. Lestrade coughed and averted his gaze. “That’s sweet of you, really, but I’ll be okay. My shoulder doesn’t hurt all that much anymore, so I can manage Rosie. And if I need help, I’ll call Molly.” He squeezed Sherlock’s arm gently. “You’re needed elsewhere today.”
The look on Sherlock’s face told him he didn’t think it was as amusing. John searched his mind for another question.
John groaned and rubbed his face. “Christ, this is bloody ridiculous. Why is this so difficult? We were fine last night.”
“But…” Lestrade said slowly. John’s heart rose. “I can tell you that if you were honest with him, and told him how you feel, you might be rewarded.”
She looked back towards the empty spot and touched the pillow. Her eyes were sad, but thankfully not filled with tears. Sherlock tapped her nose again.
John this, but he supposed that on the rare occasions when John had made it back when they lived together, the fact that he would eat it without complaint or force must have been an indicator that he was fond of it. But for John to remember it and make it for him now…
“You’re nothing like him,” Sherlock said, feeling the need to repeat what he said before. “He was full of hate and anger, and you have nothing but good inside of you. Your daughter won’t grow up to fear you. She’ll love you with her whole heart. You have to know that.”
"Don’t sell yourself short, Sherlock. A lot of this was possible because of you. You’re fantastic, beautiful, brilliant, and so incredibly strong. I always knew you could beat this if you set your mind to it. You can make the impossible possible.”
The thought of his mattress and warm blankets seems appealing, but not much as staying downstairs with Sherlock and Penny.
“I think so, yeah.” She sounded so genuine, too. Not self-centered, but like it was something she was finally coming to terms with. “Thank you. And keep me posted.”
“Tonight, then,” he said. Sherlock nodded and handed the file back to Lestrade, who pretended like he didn’t hear everything they had just said.
For the first time since Rosie had gone to bed, Sherlock smiled. It was small, but it still made John sag with relief.
It had been two days since they made their pact to be more open with each other, and things had been, Sherlock had to admit, quite nice. There had not been any more deep and probing conversations, though he suspected they were on the horizon, but there also hadn’t been any fights, which was a relief. Their familiar banter was slowly returning to them with each moment spent in each other’s company, and Sherlock had never been more grateful.
Sherlock had requested to be put on the rotation schedule after John had woken up. On that day, after John had fallen asleep once more, Sherlock had left the hospital and gone straight to John’s house. For the first time in weeks, he got to see his goddaughter, who had somehow gotten even more perfect since the last time he had seen her. Molly had been reluctant to hand her over, but a pleading look from Sherlock had quenched her fears.
“John…” he says. He puts all his strength into squeezing John’s hand. John clutches back and shushes him.
Sherlock felt his lips curve into a little smile. On the telly, the man was belting out a particularly powerful note, and distantly Sherlock could concede that he had a decent voice. Of course he was John’s favorite.
Of all the things that could have gone wrong (and John considered many possibilities for that), he certainly hadn’t anticipated Mycroft Holmes calling and whisking Sherlock away to deal with their blasted long-lost sister. The whole situation gave John a headache.
Sherlock was only a little bit confused. John’s explanation for having him stay an additional night made sense, but it didn’t explain the obvious anxiety he had been feeling when he asked. John probably thought he was being inconspicuous, but Sherlock knew how to read him. He could see the tension in his shoulders and left hand, and the way his eyes were resolutely focused on Sherlock’s, like he was forcing himself not to look away.
For a few minutes, the only sound in the room was their breathing and the fluttering of the pages as Sherlock flipped them. He wasn’t reading at this point, but keeping up with appearances was easier than dealing with questions.
John raised an eyebrow. Greg let the door to their cabin thud shut behind him and plopped down on the end of John’s bed. His mouth was curved upward in a triumphant grin, and John knew he should be pleased with himself, only he didn’t know why.
“Bad dreams aren’t fun. I sometimes get them too. They keep me up at night, and sometimes I cry like you do. Don’t tell anyone.”
“Yeah, alright,” John replied, a little delayed. He’d been watching Sherlock, getting caught up in the way he was so focused on his phone. So focused on planning the next day for the three of them. The constantly-thrumming happiness in his belly seemed to increase.
Sherlock carefully extricated himself from John’s arms, grateful that John didn’t stir, and slipped out of the room. The floorboards creaked beneath his bare feet, a comforting sound that brought a small smile to his lips. It was strange, but he had missed this house almost as much as he did its inhabitants. While it couldn’t hold a candle to Baker Street, it was nice in its own way.
John tried to open his eyes, but it took far too much effort, so he chose to keep them shut for a bit longer. He could still catalogue things with his eyes closed. Things were coming back to him in fragments and tiny observations. If he just waited a moment longer, he could figure it all out.
Sherlock sped through the rest of his list and steered them to the checkout line, desperate to be out of this godforsaken store. When deciding to get the shopping done early, he had planned to draw it out for a long as possible so that he could put off going back to John’s house, but he underestimated how much he despised it. The people, the endless amounts of foods, the
John slept on beneath him, his breathing soft and steady. Sherlock tilted his head up to see John better, though he moved slowly so he wouldn’t disturb him. John was certainly older than he had been when he and Sherlock first met, but Sherlock could still see the man he met that day at Barts. Nothing could fully erase him from Sherlock’s mind.
“You know when I finally worked it out?” asked John, his lips quirking a little despite the brightness still present in his gaze. When Sherlock shook his head, he continued, “It was I think three weeks ago. After you went on that case with Lestrade and came back with a knife wound in your side.”
At this, Sherlock noticed John seemed rather unconvinced, which made him frown. John hadn’t said anything self-deprecating in a few days, but that didn’t mean he’d stopped thinking them.
He stared into the depths of his coffee. It was the morning of the eleventh day Sherlock had been gone, and John was losing his mind. He’d known dealing with Eurus would take some time, but he didn’t think it would go on for this long. If Mycroft had already known where she was and what needed to be done to stop her, the mission should already be over. Sherlock should be home.
“You’re up,” Sherlock said, rather unnecessarily. John nodded and drifted toward Rosie, dropping a kiss on his daughter’s head.
The night before, he’d only gotten a few hours of sleep because he was thinking about Sherlock and how he felt about him. For the longest time, his thoughts just went around in circles, but eventually he reached a conclusion: He was definitely attracted to Sherlock, and if he wasn’t completely in love with him, he was probably falling.
Molly left to go put Rosie into bed. The silence that surrounded John in her absence felt suffocating. Living in this house was so different than living at Baker Street. Even when things were quiet there (which they rarely were), its location in central London provided an ambient hum that comforted John and distracted him from the crevices of his mind. Out here, in the suburbs, there was nothing to keep him away from his dark thoughts, his desperate dreams, or his relentless self-questioning.
"Well, I think all that sticky stuff all over you is evidence enough that we can't do it right now."  John laughed at Sherlock's crestfallen face.  "We could certainly try something later, maybe, especially as you seem to have acquired the lube from somewhere."
This was just heart-breaking.  He really had had no idea of the depth of John’s feelings, but then, maybe John hadn’t either.  It seemed they had both used this time apart to clarify and solidify their feelings for each other.  It was also true that John may not have been ready to say anything before Sherlock had left anyway and he could understand that as he, too, had been loath to rock the boat at that time.  Let’s hope they could both be brave now.
The first few days John insisted they stay near the house to give time for all his bruises and stitches to heal and Sherlock had little enough energy that he allowed that to happen.  After that they walked a little further each day, allowing Sherlock to build up his strength and stamina and by the end of the week they had planned an outing down to the beach with a picnic packed for them by the housekeeper Mycroft had employed to look after them during their stay.
If he knew all this about John; knew that he would never do anything to hurt Sherlock; would comply with his wishes and do everything he could to make Sherlock’s life better – could Sherlock really do any less for him than to give serious consideration to this situation in which he now found himself?
“I think that was the final straw wasn’t it, Julian?  All the little niggling annoyances of Jasmine being popular, and having more money, and still being able to go skiing when you couldn’t, finally culminated in your reaction today.  At the Christmas party, you thought you would get back at her by slipping some of your mother’s tablets – which you had taken last time you were home - into Jasmine’s drink.  The only problem was she didn’t drink it; she gave it to John after his was spilt.  You are very lucky that John has a fast metabolism due to all his sporting activities, and he managed to burn it off quickly, only appearing to be slightly drunk.  I don’t think Jasmine would have escaped so lightly had she ingested it herself, as you hoped.”
Sherlock spun round.  John only called him an idiot when he was exasperated but still impressed despite himself, never when he was angry.  He wasn’t going to leave him.  Sherlock made as if to come towards John but John stopped him, pointing at his chair.
Sherlock sighed.  "Ok, you asked for it.  Your parents are dead and you were raised by a grandparent.  Your surname has a Scottish origin but you didn't go to stay with your father's family, therefore, it was your mother's mother who raised you.  She is from a county on the Welsh border but not actually in Wales - Shropshire, most likely - though you have been accused of being Welsh before.  You have an older sibling to whom you're not very close but share a remarkable resemblance, especially when you were younger.  You're studying medicine here and want to be a doctor and are contemplating joining the army when you're done to pay for your training."
I’ve added my sister’s address at the bottom and her phone number if you need to contact me whilst I’m home.
“I saw you in the distance when I was heading into the Music Building and realised from the way you suddenly stopped that you had seen me, too.  I anticipated you would follow me.  You were clearly approaching the stage of attempting contact as your regard has become more blatant recently.  When I came out from the practise room I heard footsteps rapidly disappearing down the stairs.  I saw evidence of mud from the rugby field outside the door which could only have been from you as it was newly damp and the shoe size exactly matched your rugby boots.”
The only sounds for the next five minutes were the clinking of their silverware, Rosie’s cooing, and the occasional thudding of the sippy cup. The silence wasn’t oppressive like it had been recently, but comfortable.
“Go away,” a lumpy shape at the far end of the cabin said. “You have no right to bother me right now.”
The memory of the scars on Sherlock’s back made John ill. He didn’t want to consider the possibility that Sherlock could be accumulating new ones.
“They’re better than better,” she replied, easing her car to a stop at a busy intersection. “They were smiling and laughing and…” She bit her lip and finally admitted what she had already been thinking. “They looked like a couple.”
John gritted his teeth together. His fingers itched at his side. Somewhere, deep down, he felt sick.
"I had my first drink when I was twelve. Nicked it from my dad. He’d just – well, he’d just died, and I thought, ‘He won’t be needing them anymore…’”
“Once I deduced all that, Lestrade sent out several officers to different groups around the city. He and I went to one for gambling addictions. It was tedious, but it was the right one. I worked out who it was within three minutes. She looked far too happy to be there, and her shoes and necklace were too nice for someone who allegedly lost all her money gambling.”
Sherlock stared at him. He seemed both defiant and nervous, an odd mixture that seemed wrong on his face. His words finally sunk in for John, and he felt his jaw slacken.
Because he was afraid his sister was on the other side of the door. He had let his guard down again and ignored the possibility of her coming right for them, and now she could be standing there, waiting to enact her next move.
Time seemed to slow with each step. John was nearly at the end of this nightmare. He would finally be at peace.
He shoved himself up into a sitting position, gritting his teeth as his right shoulder was jostled. As was his habit, he glanced toward the other side of the bed. It was cold and undisturbed.
“You could’ve been my brother-in-law.” It could’ve been meant as a joke, and in any other situation it probably would work as one, but in this moment, it fell flat and hard in between them. Like a brick. Or a body.
“Not really,” John answered. “We’re close in age, but that didn’t make a difference. We just had different interests. We looked out for each other though.”
“Shut up,” interrupted John. “Just shut up. I’m so tired of playing this game with you. I just want a straight answer. Yes or no. It’s not hard.”
This was news to Sherlock, and in his confusion, he almost missed the all-too-casual way Molly said, “Oh?”
He sat there for a few more minutes, until he could hear Rosie calling for him downstairs. With a heavy sigh, he set the shirt down and stood. Then he picked the shirt back up and folded it. He folded the pants too and placed them by the pillow. That way, Sherlock would find them easily and could change into them right away when he got home, as he often loved to do.
Now John looked around at the place where he once lived, the first place in his whole life where he had truly felt content. Remembered the lazy nights in front of the telly, the early mornings making tea, the days where he’d come home to find Sherlock in the middle of an experiment, or playing the violin, or lying on the couch, his curls all mussed and his long fingers pressed against his lips…
There’s a crack in Sherlock’s perfect mask. His eyes flicker, looking downward. It makes John’s heartbeat speed up.
“Not so good at first,” she said. “Sherlock was sad, and John was nervous. But after they came back… Gosh, Greg, you should have seen them.”
“Okay,” Sherlock said after realizing he had been quiet for too long. “Then what is absolute happiness to you? If you know what it is, then you should find it again.”
Matthew was leaning against one of the tables and his hand twitched, reflexively, towards his leg; the wound had healed, but it was still red and ached on occasion.
“John, you have not slept properly for five days.  I think another night in a chair will do your shoulder permanent damage.”
“Seems like you’re doing pretty well if that pile of chips is anything to go by.  Would you like a little extra competition?”
“Thank you for that reminder, Mr Doom and Gloom.  Yes I am very grateful to still be here; you are the marvellous, all-seeing, all-doing saviour.”
"Hush, I'm deducing," John grinned at him.  “I would have to say it is this perfectly formed, five point, crystalline star which is in pride of place here in the centre of the tree."
"So I lay the decision at your feet, John.  You know how I feel about you now.  Might I enquire as to your own feelings in this matter?"
Sherlock could finally allow himself to think of the real man again because he knew he could now head home.  Every day he had been away the first thought floating through his head when he awoke was about getting back to John.  It would remain there until he allowed himself to remember just one treasured moment and then it was locked away behind the barred door he kept on the ‘John’ wing of his mind palace.
John pulled back in shock, stared up at Sherlock right in front of him, then groaned as his eyes closed tightly and his hand flew up to hold his head.
John bashed him on the arm.  “Hey! Be nice.  I could just walk back over to that other table, you know.”
“You certainly aren’t as boring as the general population, that’s for sure.  You’ve always been able to surprise me.”
“Well, it definitely sounds like he has accepted whatever feelings he had whilst you’ve been ‘dead’, as it were.  I would say you’re certainly in with a chance as long as the shock of seeing you alive doesn’t finish him off first.”
"Boring."  Sherlock smiled as he said it, but he willingly took John over to the buffet table, and even took some of the petit fours for himself, too.  John gave him a wide smile and tucked in.  It seemed that dealing with bullies gave him a ravenous appetite.  Of course, the delicious orgasms they had both had earlier could have had something to do with it, too.  John didn't mind either way.  He was here with Sherlock and they were both happy; that was all that mattered to him.
“Going mad.  Finally flipped.  A dream.  Just a dream.  Wish it was real.  Not real.  Pull yourself together.”
Matthew shook his head to clear his thoughts and recalled where he had been in the conversation.  He went back a couple of lines to a clear starting point and started back in; urging Jasmine with his eyes to play along with him.  Jasmine coughed and quickly joined in, and soon everything was back on course.
“You know there is something we haven’t done yet, which we could try now to finish off our time here.”
John was taking more notice of this scene, as his own was now over for the evening, so it was the first time he had seen the slight signs of animosity between cast members.  He sent a questioning look to Sherlock who mouthed ‘later’ at him.  John nodded and turned back to watch what was going on.  They tried it a couple more times but it wasn’t going so well.  In the end, Greg decided to call time on the rehearsals for the day.  Tempers were getting a little frayed, but they had certainly got some ideas of how things were going and what they needed to work on in the future.  It was clear that something was going to have to be sorted, though.  People would need to get over themselves to allow the play to be performed properly or it would all be a disaster.
They left it overnight and then went back the next day to give it a second coat.  It really was looking really good now and, when it was completely dry tomorrow, they could fix in the light and dial which had arrived on Saturday morning and it would be finished.
John smiled at him.  "I told you they were good.  Do you fancy another; you look as if you haven't eaten all day?"
By the time thirty minutes had gone by with no sign of another bus he didn’t think he could get much wetter.  He was wrong.  As he finally saw another bus heading towards him from the end of the road he stepped forward towards the edge of the kerb to put his arm out.  A passing Porsche sped right by him, straight through the middle of a huge puddle, sending a spray of water up as high as John’s head, covering him completely and leaving him standing in a pool of water looking as if he’d just stepped out of the shower.  The spray had gone down the front of his coat and he could feel his scrub top sticking to his chest.  There had been so much of it that it had even slid down into the top of his trousers and his pants felt as if he had had an unpleasant accident; he was completely soaked through.
John hadn’t let Sherlock refute what he had told him about their time being unimportant but he had seen the instant look of shock, followed by sadness in Sherlock’s eyes before he had turned away.  How could he do that to the person with whom he had spent the majority of his life?  He hated himself.  He was appalled to realise, though, that even his self-hatred wasn’t strong enough to break through his panic and identity crisis.  He tried to tune back in to the discussion which Mary was having with herself apparently for all the notice he had been taking.  He hummed positively as she looked up at him and did his best to forget the memory of those despairing eyes which were burned into his own.
They walked from there over to the garage to see the cars, but Sherlock rushed through that.  It was things with four legs he preferred, not things with four wheels.  He took John over to the stables to meet his pride and joy, Mystery.  Mystery turned out to be a large, black stallion with a beautiful, flowing mane and an imperious manner, very like his owner.
"Just don't do that again without some warning please.  That was not the best way to be awoken for anything."
“Oh yes, that would be great if you came to see.  We’ll reserve you a seat right at the front so you have a perfect view; you and Mrs Johnson.”
Sherlock did take the opportunity to more closely examine John’s scar again, though.  He had touched it in the hospital, of course, but this time he wanted to taste it as well and he swirled his tongue all across the skin, feeling the roughness against his lips.  He loved the noise John made when his lips slipped a little lower and he brushed against the edge of John’s nipple.  He did it again and again and was soon taking the whole thing in his mouth, sucking the skin and nibbling on the nub as it rose up under his ministrations.  He leaned over John to reach the other side and when he almost overbalanced he decided it wiser to resume his earlier position of straddling John’s body so he had easy access to John’s whole chest.
John was trying, unsuccessfully, to pull at the buttons of his shirt but he hadn’t seemed to realise he was now wearing a hospital gown so he didn’t have much luck.
“Wow.  This is going to take some getting used to.  Maybe you should tell me what I can or can’t do and what will kill me and we’ll take it from there.”
"You're offering me blood and yourself - how is anyone supposed to resist that combination on their first day as a vampire?"
“Where did you get a phone from?  You know we’re not supposed to bring them to school with us.”  Sherlock brushed that aside and, before John could object further, Sherlock already had his phone out and to his ear and was ringing his house.
He carried John up to their bedroom, laid him down and took off his shoes and socks.  He lifted the top half of John's body and took off his coat.  He pulled up John’s jumper and eased it over his head, getting a muffled garble, but nothing sensible out of John whilst he did it.  Sherlock unfastened the buttons on John’s shirt and then rested John against his chest, kissing his shoulder as he pulled the shirt down his arms and off his body.  Not one to miss a chance for further examination, Sherlock decided to explore John’s scar more fully.  He wanted to test the sensitivity of tongue and teeth on the damaged skin and now would be a perfect time as he would be able to assess John’s responses without him being aware and anticipating the movements.
“Doesn’ matter.  Not gonna tell ‘im so won’ be a pobem… poblem.  ’S our littl’ secret.”  John made another gesture to try and tap his nose this time but he missed.  Sherlock caught his fingers and put them down by his side so he didn’t strain his ribs.
Sherlock rushed across the room and jumped on to the bed, shuffling himself backwards so that he wouldn’t lose sight of John as he moved.  He didn’t want to miss his first proper look at John.
The team crept over to the last building, keeping low to the ground as there was quite a bit more area to cover to reach the perimeter fence.  They were going to cut the fence from the rear again but as they circled around the compound John pointed to some tire tracks sunk into the mud near the main gate.  They looked fresh and the team moved even more carefully, not wanting to alert anyone to their movements now they had this renewed hope that their search might be drawing to a close.
“Okay, I suppose you’d better go then.”  Now that it came down to it, Sherlock didn’t want to say goodbye.  Everything seemed better when John was around, even if it was only on the end of the phone.
By the end of the lunch break they had managed to finish a side piece each and were keen to come back the next day to do some more.  John made sure they finished in plenty of time to tidy up everything they had done, and to leave it all ready for the students coming in for the afternoon lesson.  Mr Johnson came over just as they were finishing and admired their work, saying he would look forward to seeing them on the 'morrow.
“The army have a system of halfway housing for injured veterans to move in to whilst they’re recovering and looking for a more permanent situation, so they’ve set me up with a room there for the time being.”
When they arrived on the scene, Sherlock ignored Sally’s attempt to keep them out, as usual, and they made their way over to Greg who was waiting in the doorway.
“Sherlock said that the psycho on the roof told him that unless he killed himself then you, the copper and your landlady would all be shot.  Sherlock suspected he was gonna do something like that so he worked out a few options to get himself out of it.  He had to make it look real though so that the snipers would stand down and you’d all be safe.”
“He wrongly assumed that this was just rubbish when it does, in fact, explain how the entire crime was committed.”
John put his hand out to shake Sherlock’s to seal the deal.  He didn’t let go though; he pulled Sherlock up towards him and patted the bed.
Sherlock turned round to help John back to his feet as he’d seen him be knocked over by the driver.  When he looked down, though, he was shocked to see blood oozing out of two bullet holes in John’s chest.  Sherlock pressed tightly on the wounds to try and stop the flow but there was just too much.  John’s eyes flew open as Sherlock pressed down on him.
“Alright, smart arse.  You know what I mean.”  John smiled back.  “If it’s always like that when you bite someone, why would you ever not?”
John was grinning at Sherlock after he’d read the list.  Yes!  He’d got the part he wanted.  In fact, they had both got something so they could go to rehearsals together.  It couldn’t get much better.  John spent the rest of the day happy and Sherlock couldn’t help but be buoyed up by his friend’s mood.  Maybe doing something as menial as props would be almost worth it if it kept John in such a happy frame of mind.
John rolled over and grabbed the nearest piece of clothing from the floor and wiped their bodies clean.  He pulled Sherlock into his arms and held him as he slowly floated back to awareness; Sherlock’s head on his chest and his own leaning down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s soft curls.
They stopped outside and used the camera again to get the lay of the land.  There were three men inside: one sitting with his feet up on a desk in the corner; one leaning up against the wall, rubbing his reddened knuckles; and another who was standing in front of a severely battered man with straggly, greasy, dark hair who was hitched up by chains to a hook in the ceiling.
“Yes, I’ll be fine.  I’ll call someone if he gets any worse, don’t worry.  Thank you for… everything.”
He went along to his bedroom and was happy to see that his microscope and all his chemistry supplies were stacked in boxes in the corner so at least he wouldn’t need to replace anything.  That was good.  He opened the wardrobe door and slid his hand down his favourite purple shirt.  Everything was just how he had left it – all his clothes ready and waiting for him.  Well, except for the fact that this shirt was at the front instead of in its usual place between the navy and black shirts.  This one had been removed more recently and had lost the crisp edges usually in place when it was returned from the dry cleaners.  In fact, looking at the stretching on the buttonholes, it almost looked as if it had been worn.  Had it?  Would John have…?  He took it out and sniffed the inside of the collar.  John’s aftershave.  He had.  He had worn Sherlock’s shirt.  Sherlock immediately stripped off the new shirt he was wearing and put this one on instead.  It felt softer and warmer and he could smell John.  He smiled to himself and hung the other shirt back in the wardrobe in the appropriate place.
“If I’d known that that was all I’d need to do to get you to agree with me on something, I’d have done it years ago.  In fact, now that I know…”
John kept up his ministrations, alternating between licking and sucking the skin and pushing his tongue in deeply.  He soon found the skin was nicely relaxed though Sherlock himself was buzzing with desperation for more and John didn’t want to drag it out for too long, like he usually did, because he was just as keen to progress things along.
6:56. Getting closer. Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He had faced murderers, faked his own death, killed people, and endured the worst kind of tortures a man could inflict. And yet, he still needed to prepare himself for this moment.
Sherlock didn’t want to admit that Lestrade was probably definitely right. “Doesn’t matter. We’ve got something on today.”
The heartbreak was something he’d been living with for a while, but in the span of time when John hadn’t been living with him, it was almost manageable. He could push it down and pretend it didn’t exist, that it didn’t matter. All of that had been ruined the moment he started living with John again.
“Your buttons haven’t been stolen.  They took your shirt off because of all the blood.  You’re wearing a hospital gown.”
That had never happened with John.  Everything he did was different and exciting and he managed to surprise Sherlock at every turn.  Even the boring things he did were somehow more interesting than they would be from anyone else.  He had the ability to absorb Sherlock’s destructive energy and turn it into more constructive avenues which had surely saved the flat more times than Sherlock could count, given the frequency with which that had happened at his other flats, usually resulting in him being quickly ousted to find somewhere new to live.
“What other explanation is there?  Looking at the high concentration of elements within the sample, this must have been quite a large dose, so it couldn’t have been an accident, for example, if someone had meant to take their own tablet and dropped it.  The parts per million would indicate that the ratio must fall within at least four or five tablets concentration.  That is not the dosage for any of those relevant conditions and could, indeed, by very harmful if a person did not have such a strong constitution, as you do yourself, to burn it off so quickly.  We were lucky that it resulted in nothing worse than moderate drunkenness and loss of inhibitions.”
John blushed charmingly and started giggling.  The others all got up and paired off.  Most people were already sitting by their own friends so it wasn’t a problem finding a partner.  Anderson was the only one on his own for the first dance as there were an odd number of them, but on the next change Greg sat down and Sally took a spin round with Anderson, so he was quite happy to take turns.
“Well, best of luck, John.  I can’t emphasise enough how important it is that you return safe and sound from this mission.  I don’t relish facing my brother if I have to inform him otherwise.”
Sherlock looked at John with his piercing eyes and then he opened his mouth to show John his teeth.  Whilst John watched he extended his canines to drop down to their biting position and then sat there allowing John to take it all in.
“Hey, that’s not fair; why do you only have to do your shoes and socks and I have to take my shirt off?”
Finally Sherlock couldn’t take any more and he pushed himself backwards, toppling John onto the floor and landing on top of him.  He pinned John’s arms above his head with one hand and with the other he lined himself up and, in one smooth movement, he slid himself down on John’s cock ‘til his arse was touching the base and he sat there and sighed in relief while he gave himself a moment to adjust.
Sherlock blushed at the idea that Greg had thought of him for the voice and he reddened even further following the effusive praise from John.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock felt and heard John snoring heavily against his shirt, John’s outward breath heating his skin through the material.  Sherlock pulled John’s upper leg over his own to turn him slightly more on his side and to settle him more comfortably.  He resigned himself to being trapped there for the long haul, not wanting to leave John on his own just in case he needed anything.  Some time after midnight, when everything around them had settled into silence, Sherlock found himself drifting off to the reassuring sound of John’s breathing beside him.
“Sherlock, need room to breathe.  Why would you say that; was I going to die?  What happened?  I feel a bit weird… and why is my throat burning?”
Greg had been enjoying himself so much that he hadn’t even noticed that he still had his trousers on.  Now he thought about it though they were actually quite uncomfortably tight, and when he stood up, he was pleased to see that John noticed how they were impressively tented.
When they arrived down on the beach John set up a blanket and parasol which they got from the small beach hut set back against the rock face.  When it was ready, he insisted that Sherlock lie down for a rest after such a long walk.  He was getting stronger every day but John didn’t want to cause a relapse after he had been recovering so well so he was very insistent.  After a bit of grumbling Sherlock settled down and did actually have a little nap which proved John’s assumptions correct much to Sherlock’s chagrin when he woke up again.
“Well now that we’ve completed this mutual compliment session do you think we might be able to progress things along a little further in your room because one time just isn’t enough for me where your insatiable body is concerned.  I think if I don’t have you again soon I may well explode and I’m sure you wouldn’t want that on your conscience.  ‘Death of Consulting Detective by spontaneous combustion – News at 10’.”
“I’m sorry, John, you just have a bit of a blood lust frenzy at the moment and I had to stop you before you went too far.”
“I suppose I’m meant to show gratitude.  Though if he’s still being bothered by journalists at this stage then it doesn’t say a lot for your success level.”
John kissed him then, soft and gentle; caressing Sherlock’s lips with his own before he placed a little kiss on his nose.
The rest of the rehearsals had all run smoothly up until now.  When they had had the first dress rehearsal the previous week, it had looked amazing to see everyone in full costume, and it had really brought it to life for them all.  A couple of days before the first performance, they had been allowed to set up on the main stage and leave everything in place.  It was nearing the Easter holidays and the drama classes had all had their end of term assessments so the room wouldn’t be needed.  Luckily the rugby team had not had a match that day so the whole cast had been free to move in all their furniture, scenery flats, doors and props.  They got it all arranged ready for a full rehearsal on the Sunday afternoon.  Seeing the stage fully set was exciting for all of them.  They stood at the back of the room to proudly take in all their hard work for a moment, before they got set up for a run-through with everything in place.
He was glad that John had forced his way in to his room and the air seemed to have cleared enough for them to go back to being friends.  In fact, he felt so pleased to see John again that he even refrained from mentioning the fact that the girl had obviously cheated on him to cause him to end things.  It wouldn’t be the last time this happened, he was sure, but Sherlock decided he would play it differently the next time.  He would be better served by monopolising John’s attention not avoiding it.  Happy with this future plan, Sherlock allowed John back into his life and things soon returned to normal.
"It certainly was.  Just think how much worse it would have been if you hadn’t spotted it and it had landed square on Jasmine; she was right underneath it.  You saved her and the show."
“Well, yes, it has been a busy term, what with all the shenanigans you children get up to.  No, I don’t have anything missing, I keep a rigid control over all my supplies, you should know that, John; and if any medication aside from the norm was required then, of course, Dr Devinson would be called in for a consultation and he would prescribe something specific.”
What difference would it make to Sherlock if John was well when his plans came to fruition?  Surely whatever plan he had enacted had already finished and how did he expect John to be fine after what he’d had to face?  Seeing all that blood; his friend’s lifeless body splayed on the pavement – that wasn’t something he could just shrug off.  He saw it every night in his nightmares.  He supposed at least he wasn’t re-living the war ones any more but these ones were so much worse.  He always woke up shouting Sherlock’s name; reaching out to stop him from jumping and feeling like such a failure when the image burned onto his waking visage was that of his friend – dead, once more.
He translated the whole body of text, trying not to read it as he went so that he could get the entire context of the message when it was completed.  When he was done he read it through.  He went back to the beginning and read it again and then for a third time.  His hand dropped into his lap as his eyes stared blankly at the paper, not seeing it any longer; his eyes focused inwardly as he thought about what he had just received.
When they’d had enough they got out, showered off the chlorine and got dressed again, before heading out to do some more exploring.  They went to the boathouse next and, after looking at the rowing boats and canoes inside, they came out on the other side, away from the house.  Sherlock led them down to a, now denuded, weeping willow where, he told John, he liked to sit in the summer, hidden away from everyone.  They ate their sandwiches and had a coke each; then sat back resting against the tree, holding hands as they took a moment just to enjoy their surroundings.
Once Sherlock was lying back, John settled himself between his legs, keen to properly taste Sherlock after his prior teasing.  They had done this a few times now so John knew what Sherlock liked and what got him hard quickly so he started by sucking on his balls.  He rolled each one round on his tongue, sucking the sac until they were hot and heavy in his mouth.  He moved up to Sherlock’s shaft, licking from base to tip and swirling his tongue in the slit, tasting the little droplet already gathered there.
They talked about the other scenes and any other things that might be needed.  Stacey said she would keep the set pretty brightly lit as there would always be someone in focus on the main stage.
"Sherlock, darling, you're looking well, and you, John.  I was talking with the Headmistress when we arrived and she said the shows had been very impressive so far; are you looking forward to the performance this evening?"
On the stage Mollie, played by Jasmine, and Detective Inspector Trotter, played by Matthew, were having their discussion as to why he had turned up at the hotel.  The detective was shaking off his jacket and handing it over to Mollie to hang on the coat stand by the door, when there was a loud, creaking sound.  Everyone looked round, wondering where the noise had come from.  Jasmine looked at the doors, thinking that one had come off the latch and was opening, but they all seemed to be shut so it couldn’t be that.  The next thing she knew, she was flat on the floor with Matthew lying on top of her, gasping haltingly, as everyone else was shouting and running on to the stage.
“Indeed.  Sherlock’s effects have now been released to me as next of kin so I thought I would bring his coat back to put with the rest of his belongings.”
Sherlock took hold of John’s damp cock, his finger caressing the slit and bent forward to lick his way around John’s balls and across his inner thigh to his femoral vein.  He first used his human teeth to nibble along the skin, teasing John further as he sucked a deep purple love bite, enjoying the sensation of the blood coming to the surface just under his tongue.  He hovered over the optimum spot and when John was almost quivering with anticipation he sank his fangs into the skin and took a couple of deep swallows as he felt John come all over his fingers.
“We’ll leave you to it then, Lestrade.  Look at his contacts for an ex-military gambler who holds a grudge and is no doubt a member of the same casino.  Come, John, let’s go.”
When the film had finished they went upstairs to Sherlock’s room and got their pyjamas on ready for bed.  Sherlock liked to wind down by listening to some classical music and by sheer doggedness and repetition he had indoctrinated John into the joys of a well-played symphony, too.  John’s favourite thing, though, was when Sherlock played his own violin just for him.  He knew it relaxed Sherlock, both to listen and to play, but he always had an extra little glow when he drew his bow across the string to hold the last note and then opened his eyes to see John’s rapt face and hear the praise which John never failed to bestow.
“That’s great, thanks, Olivia.  Sherlock, if you wouldn’t mind going through the script and listing out what props you think we’ll need, aside from the phone and radio which we’ve already mentioned, that’d be really helpful.”
This was the last rehearsal session before they broke up for the holidays on Thursday morning as the Wednesday evening would be spent with everyone packing ready to leave.  They had had quite a few more rehearsals since that first one and, although everything seemed to be moving with a greater flow now that they were getting into it all, there was still a bit of an edge to the interactions between some of the actors.
They moved over to a table near the bar.  John noted that the man who came to take their order was one of Mycroft’s team and another was seated at the table behind him.
“I think you’ll find I managed to survive for 200 years without you there to cover me, John, I don’t think I’ll be in too much trouble.”
“Bloody Mycroft!  I’m going to kill him.  When I hadn’t heard anything after a few months, he told me you’d moved on and were spending time with your adult friends and wouldn’t want some kid hanging around.”
John ran over to Sherlock and bent down to look into his face.  He gently cupped Sherlock’s chin and tried to get his attention but he, too, had been caught in the blast of the stun grenade.
"Really?  Another accident?  This is getting a bit much, isn't it, Sherlock.  What are we going to do?"
Wait a minute!  That was it, it wasn’t something he had seen; it was something he had heard.  Something he had heard very loudly, that hadn’t sounded quite right.  He had to get on stage immediately, before something bad happened and things went too far.  He grabbed a handful of things from the props table, pulled on the jacket which he had been wearing when they went into town earlier, and he walked over to the front door of the stage set.  He knocked on the door, pushed it straight open, without waiting to be answered, and walked over to where Matthew and Jasmine were standing.
As he walked through the door into the surgery, he very nearly turned around and walked straight back out again.  The waiting room was heaving with screaming, crying kids and this was even before they’d been near him with his needle.  It didn’t bode well.  He nodded to the receptionist who raised her eyebrows and delicately shook her head at him.  His head drooped resignedly and he grabbed the first set of notes and made his way back to his consulting room.  He took off his coat, dumped his bag behind his desk, got out his first tray of supplies that the nurse had left ready for him and buzzed in the first patient.
Sherlock nodded.  He was very keen to examine John's room and see what else he could deduce about him so they went up to the other end of the corridor and John led the way inside.  Sherlock stood just inside the door and his eyes swept around the room and then he started straight in.
Sherlock did it again and again, each time getting slightly easier for John; the glide becoming smoother and occasionally rubbing against his prostate.
"Bloody Fuck!"  John's eyes shot open and he tried to sit upright, but Sherlock's teeth were holding him in place.  "What the hell do you think you're doing, Sherlock?"
The drama department storage room was quite large and split into four areas.  To one side there were some scenery flats, already painted from previous productions, which they might be able to adapt for their purposes, but they would leave that to the others to sort out and see what was suitable.  There was an area with some larger items of furniture; a sofa and chairs, a couple of tables and some upright dining chairs, which would all be useful for setting the scene.  They could come over as a group and collect these later when they got further into the rehearsal stages.  They ignored the costume area, knowing that other members of the team would be going through the racks to see if there was anything they could adapt for their production.
“Come on then.  Let’s blow this joint.  I have an amazing dream I would like to re-enact and I’d like to be fully awake enough to remember it this time.”
“He’s been tracking down the snipers that were set on you three and taking down Moriarty’s network.”
He looked down properly at the coat and brushed his hand along the collar, circling the red stitching on the button hole.  The coat was as unique as its owner.  He raised it to his nose and inside the lining it still smelt of Sherlock.  John inhaled deeply, his eyes shutting tightly as he thought of his lost friend.  He collapsed back down on to the sofa, his legs suddenly too weak to hold him up.  He clutched the coat close to his body; holding it over himself as he lay back against the arm of the sofa, silent tears slipping down his cheeks.
“We could maybe make our own if we can get some off-cuts of wood.  I’m sure it’s only like model kits which I’ve made before.  It doesn’t have to actually work because you’ll be supplying the voice.  We could rig it up with some knobs and a little light to come on behind the dial window.  What do you think?”
"That man over there has just committed a crime.  His pointed nonchalance is a mere disguise.  He keeps glancing to his left through the corner of his eye as if waiting to see if something has been noticed.  He, meanwhile, is strategically manoeuvring his way further and further away from that area whilst still looking enthralled by the juggler.  I think he's taken the purse of that lady in the purple coat.  She has been searching through her bag looking for something for a minute now and is getting more flustered as time progresses."
“It was the party, wasn’t it?  I remember eating and drinking and Jasmine being vaguely pleasant to me, which was a surprise.  Did we dance?  I sort of remember holding you and waltzing, but not a lot else, I don’t think.  No, wait, Greg was there, wasn’t he?  Something about legs, what does that mean?”
“Well, I think us swashbucklers ought to stay together, so if you aren’t bothered either way then I’ll take the pirate please.”
John straightened himself up and took hold of Sherlock’s hand, pulling him to his feet and leading the way to the stairs.  As he went up one step he turned and made the most of being taller than Sherlock for a brief moment to capture his lips again.  His hands slid around Sherlock’s neck and Sherlock encircled John’s waist with his own.  They made their way up the stairs very slowly with John walking backwards so he didn’t lose contact with Sherlock as he went.
“We were always being erroneously cast as a couple and John was always most adamant that he was ‘not gay’ and he was not shy about sharing that information.  Now that everything I have been doing has finished I rang him and he has an answerphone message that says he still loves me.  When did he start loving me for him to say ‘still’?  Is it just because he thinks me dead and it’s wishful thinking?  What do you think it means?”
He didn’t really get visitors any more.  Greg had been round a few times not long after, but John’s lack of response to anything he said soon soured any communication and he hadn’t been over for the last few weeks.  Mrs Hudson was the only person he saw on a regular basis and he didn’t really pay attention to her as she shuffled from room to room; cleaning and tidying up a bit – except ‘that’ chair, of course, never that chair.
John hoped his usual mild mannered appearance and previous friendship with Greg would stand him in good stead to help his friend out with his dilemma, even though he was now also part of the cause.  He held up a six pack of beer and a pizza which he’d brought as a peace offering.
Sherlock nibbled on John's lip again, piercing it and sucking the blood in to his mouth.  He pushed his tongue into John's mouth to deepen the kiss and felt John instantly pull on his tongue trying to get as much of the blood as he could.  Sherlock looked down at him with a raised eyebrow and John sheepishly shrugged his shoulders.
"Okay, okay, I'm joking.  You're going to love this.  He was genuinely, distantly related to the great Scottish doctor and inventor of penicillin, Alexander Fleming and he was actually named after his illustrious relative."
Sherlock closed the puncture after a few more sips and then licked John clean as well as his own fingers.  He never let a drop of John’s essence go to waste; he liked to taste him at every chance he could get; plus it saved all the effort of having to go to the bathroom to get a cloth to clean them both up when he’d much rather spend the time with John, watching him enjoying his lassitude.  Sherlock moved up to lie next to John and John reached across to press a lazy kiss on his lips.
“Sherlock!”  John couldn’t stop the smile that half formed before he sat up straight again, needing answers before he went further.  “Have you killed anyone?”
Sherlock bent down and bit into John’s neck, shocked at how little blood there was left and how slowly John’s heart was pumping this last bit round.  He drank what he could then he bit into his own wrist and held it over John’s mouth.  He shook John to try to rouse him enough to drink.
After helping him off with his coat and shoes, Sherlock led John over to the sofa and got him settled comfortably with his feet up on a pillow on the coffee table and gave him the TV remote.  He went into the kitchen, put the kettle on and made two cups of tea which he took back in to the living room.  He sat down next to John and passed over the drink.
“No! You don’t touch his things.”  John shouted and jumped up.  He snatched the coat out of Mycroft’s hands and stepped back.  “You can leave now.”
“He was at his funeral? Well, of course, he bloody was – bet he loved that, didn’t he; everyone there just for him; seeing me making a complete arse of myself.”
Was that an eye movement?  Did the lash flicker?  Sherlock bent forward to look even more closely at John’s face.  His nose was practically touching John’s when all of a sudden John’s eyes shot open and he saw Sherlock right up in his face.  John yelped in shock and tried to jerk his head back though all it did was push into the pillow as he had nowhere else to go.  Sherlock pulled back at the yell but recovered quickly and leaned in, hugging John as tightly as he could.
“I’s a secret. Shushhhh.”  John tried to wave his finger in the vague direction of his lips but he didn’t really have the energy to hold his arm straight.
“Ah, you mean Anthony, I assume.  I like to bounce my ideas off someone and Anthony very rarely answers back,” he gave a close-lipped smile.  “It helps to talk out loud and he doesn’t subject me to the verbal diarrhoea I get when I talk to anyone else around here.”
"If you're sure you can handle it then we'll take King.  He came from the same stable as Mystery.  Come and meet him.”
Sherlock pulled away, trying to catch his breath as he looked down at the gorgeous man in front of him.  John was finally where he was meant to be - in Sherlock’s room and hopefully, very shortly, in Sherlock’s bed.  From the dilated pupils and racing pulse, Sherlock knew that John wanted him just as much as Sherlock had always hoped.  There was no longer anything or anyone else in their way and Sherlock couldn’t be happier that his dreams had finally come true.  He smiled at John and kissed him on the tip of the nose, before holding out his hand to pull John over towards the bed.
John put his hand on Sherlock’s arm to stop the vitriolic retort he could see bubbling up.  “Sherlock is excellent at everything he does and I could want for no-one better to see to my injuries.  Now we won’t stay where we are going to be insulted.  If you want our statements you can come round for them later, Greg, but please come on your own.  We only allow discerning company in to our house.”
Mary had obviously told them what was happening and Greg and Mike grinned and waved back to him, sending wolf whistles chasing after them.  John gesticulated to them just as he and Sherlock went out through the door, leaving them giggling madly.
By the time they called in an air strike to silence the enemy guns and got back to search for you, you were gone.  You can’t be dead, John, you just can’t.  I’d know if you were dead.  Tell me you weren’t as badly injured as they anticipated and you managed to get away and hide from the enemy.  Tell me you weren’t captured and tortured and are lying in a hole somewhere.  Tell me anything, John.
John groaned as he felt those perfectly formed lips curve around his shaft.  This dream was better than anything he had actually had in real life.  Mary was loath to put her lips on him down there and had, in fact, only given him one blow job before declaring she didn’t like it and had only used her hand since.  He obviously wasn’t going to complain because as long as he got off in one way or another, he was happy.  He must admit that he thought it was a tiny bit selfish though, as he willingly went down on her frequently after finding out how wonderfully she reacted and how much she enjoyed it.  Never mind; stop thinking about that now – this was much more fulfilling.  He could feel that strong tongue moving up and down his shaft and it was heavenly.
seeing Sherlock hold his daughter so tenderly and carefully, all John wants to do was kiss him until he can’t breathe.
John blinked and tore his gaze away from his cell phone, which was sitting on the counter behind Sherlock, charging. He didn’t even remember starting to look at it. “What?”
Stepping back into his room, he retrieved his gun from his nightstand and moved back to the hallway. There was no indication that she was coming up the stairs, so John tiptoed to the top and glanced down. Now he could register a faint light, most lightly from one of the lamps in the sitting room. He took a deep breath and started down.
“Look at you,” Lestrade said, amused. “Sherlock Holmes, admitting to being sentimental. You’ve changed.”
“Ah, but that’s where you’re wrong.” He nodded toward the doorway. Rosie turned and screamed so loud she could have woken all of London.
Sherlock hummed and gently swirled his wine. “Either when Mycroft made himself sick on Christmas, or when I got to dress up as a pirate on Halloween.”
“No matter what happens with him,” he continued, “I’ll still be here for you. I’m not leaving you. I promise.”
“Careful,” John says, his voice taking on a teasing lilt that will hopefully hide its shakiness. “If people hear you say that, they might think you’re her father.”
Sherlock had been by his side during it, of course. Sherlock watched Harry walk away, watched John crumble in on himself. John waited for the wry comment, or the sound of Sherlock’s footsteps walking away too. Instead, he felt a gentle pressure on his hand as Sherlock took it with his. John’s breath hitched, and he clutched Sherlock’s hand tightly. Nothing else was said.
This was all a terrible idea. He had hoped that having Sherlock so close would help them repair their friendship, but at that moment it was doing the exact opposite. They had been doing so well before John started to pry into Sherlock’s life and chose to reveal one of his own dark secrets that actually only ended up breaking Sherlock’s heart more.
“This is for your own good, brother mine.” Sherlock gritted his teeth as his annoyingly omnipresent brother appeared at his side. His fist itched to make contact with Mycroft’s jaw.
Sherlock shrugged and set the kettle on the stovetop. After ensuring it was on, he took the spoon from John and bent down to Rosie’s level.
Rosie fisted his shirt in her free hand and made a little gurgling noise. He liked to think she was saying she loved him too.
“It’s nothing bad,” he promised. “I was just thinking more about your childhood. Because of earlier.”
“She needs you just as much,” John insisted. “Christ, Sherlock, haven’t you done enough for us? Can’t you just take care of yourself for once?”
Though, based on how things had been going between them lately, he doubted it.  Still, he wanted to be sure, and asking Sherlock outright seemed like an awful idea.
Sherlock looked down at his mug. His lower lip jutted out just a little. “I once caught a triple poisoner in High Wycombe.”
John sniffed and put his fork down when he realized he’d been gripping it too tightly. “If I wanted to be psychoanalyzed, I’d see my therapist. Oh, wait…”
His first indicator that things were not going to go well came when his arm began to cramp. He brushed it off for as long as he could, since he’d endured far worse pain in the past (his right shoulder currently being proof of that). Eventually, however, it became too much to ignore, and he accepted that he needed to come up with a new plan.
“You haven’t ruined anything,” John insists. He can already feel the fizzy happiness returning. “We can go slower if that would make you feel better.”
Sherlock set his mug down on the tiny table beside his chair and stood up. He swayed a bit as he did, his hand reaching out to steady himself on the armrest. John’s heart clenched at the sight.
A little boy with curly, inky hair and mesmerizing eyes and a brain too powerful for such a young age… the thought of him being bullied and ostracized made John want to climb into the past and protect him from all the insults and disapproving stares. It made him want to reach out to Sherlock now, sitting hardly a foot from him on the couch.
It took Sherlock far too long to realize John just implied that he wanted Sherlock to be around Rosie more. By the time he’d worked it out, John was already murmuring softly to Rosie, his attention no longer on Sherlock.
he say? No words seemed appropriate. They all felt false and awkward, and John just wanted Sherlock to stop
Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side. It’s something he’s said many times, something he’s believed for most of his life. He’s not sure if he still feels this way, but he knows that if he does, there’s only one thing that is certain:
“Only because you did the same,” Sherlock replied. He stood, cradling a now-sleeping Rosie to his chest. He then said, with an obviously forced casual air, “Shall I come back down after?”
After getting directions to the cabin, John set out in search of one Sherlock Holmes. The midday sun beat down between high leaves as John strode down the correct path. The camp was located somewhere deep in the English countryside, where everything was peaceful and quiet all the time. It was a far cry from the constant, frenetic movement of London. John wasn’t sure whether he liked it or not.
"Though for the record,” John continues, praying this doesn’t frighten Sherlock. “I couldn’t pick a better person to be her other parent.”
Dinner was, as expected, amazing. Sherlock’s favorite shepherd’s pie would always be his mother’s, but John did very well. For once, John didn’t need to goad him into having multiple servings.
John seemed startled by his question. “No. I just meant that you clearly don’t like nature, so maybe you’re not accustomed to being around it. That’s all.”
“No.” Sherlock bit his lip. “I meant – you would be comfortable with me staying here after what I told you last week?” He felt vulnerable and he hated it. He hadn’t felt that way about his sexuality since he was a teenager, and now it had happened twice in a week. It was terrifying.
Greg’s praise was like a shot of adrenaline, and John found himself smiling back. It didn’t matter how he’d done it, just that he had. And Greg was right. Within a minute of talking to Sherlock, John had felt an odd protectiveness toward the dark-haired boy. This brilliant, damaged boy who didn’t realize how special he was. (Not really, at least. John knew from what Greg said that Sherlock held himself in high regard, but John also knew that words could hurt and tear a person down, and the words of Sherlock’s peers had definitely done that.)
Molly nodded and ushered him into her flat. John had spent a good amount of time there in the wake of Mary’s death, and it usually would give him a feeling of comfort, with its yellow walls and plump sofas. Today, everything seemed grayer, like the brightness had been turned down.
“Why wouldn’t I be comfortable with it? I know we have stuff to work through, but this could be a good way to do it.”
It’s like clockwork: Every night, around 2:30, Penny will wake him up with her shrill cries, and John will get up to calm her down. It had gotten to the point where he woke automatically, before she even uttered a single whimper, which explains his wakefulness now.
Realization crashed over John, and his whole body tensed like a taut violin string. His Adam’s apple bobbed up and down several times. He tried to pull his hand away, but Sherlock held on.
“You think this is about Mary?” John shook his head. He rose from his chair and walked closer to the sitting room. Sherlock was vulnerable on the floor.
The last part was said shyly, and it earned him a frankly adorable smile in return. It caused something to flare in his stomach, something he had been trying so very hard to suppress.
“I don’t want to talk about this,” Sherlock said. “Yes, I know there’s nothing wrong with me, I know romance would change my life, blah blah blah. Thanks for coming, thanks for the birthday wishes, how very kind of you, do say hello to Rosie for me.” At the end of this, he walked over to the door and gestured out it. John could feel his anger pricking up again.
John studied Sherlock for a moment, his head tilting to the side. Sherlock saw the exact moment that soldierly resolve entered his brain, like he’d made up his mind, for John squared his shoulders, stepped up to Sherlock, and kissed his cheek.
“Serbia,” Sherlock said. His head was held high, his gaze straight ahead. He kept the detached tone, though it was wavering. “I was held captive there. For a time.”
“Presents are easier to gather,” he said. “They’re objects. They don’t have responsibilities. Daddy is a person who is doing important work. Father Christmas can’t take him away from that work.”
“Shall I get the car?” he asked instead. John opened his eyes, and Sherlock could have sworn there was a hint of wistfulness in them.
John shook his head as he pulled out mugs for his and Sherlock’s tea. “You can’t just say she’s smart because she listens to you. If anything, that would make her the opposite of smart.”
John’s mind was spinning with questions. He didn’t know which one to ask first. “When was the last time you heard from him?”
John mentally added that to the pile of things he loathed about Mycroft Holmes. The two of them had an interesting relationship that John sometimes truly enjoyed, but oftentimes John found himself utterly disgusted with the eldest Holmes. The things he did, the words he said… sometimes it was just too much.
John smiled his thanks, and Sherlock smiled back. That simple curve of lips erased all the heartache that had preceded it.
“I thought Mrs. Hudson was watching Rosie today,” she said. Everyone had been taking turns minding the little girl while John was in the hospital. Thankfully, he had only been there for three days, so he wasn’t separated from his baby girl for long.
Rosie currently had the album open to a picture of the three of them on her first day of school. Mrs. Hudson had taken it, beaming as the two men knelt down on either side of a bright-eyed, grinning girl. Sherlock remembered tangling his fingers with John’s where they met behind Rosie’s back.
Nausea swirled up in him. His left hand curled around the edge of his chair, gripping it so tightly he was surprised he didn’t break it.
“What am I supposed to do about this?” Sherlock spat, hoping his harsh tone would hide his anxiety. “You don’t even know where she is. I don’t even know what she looks like.”
John continued on past the next two beds. That wasn’t a dismissal. “Well, either way, he wants to know you’re taken care of.”
By some miracle, he managed to get all the bags loaded into John’s car without harming Rosie. He got her settled into her car seat, making sure she was perfectly secure. Before he shut the back door though, he hesitated. Rosie tilted her head to the side, an almost perfect imitation of her father.
But most of all, he was worried. Just the day before he had gotten rid of the sling, but a scar remained on his shoulder, a scar that would always remind him of what Eurus had done to him. Based on what little he knew, she was even more ruthless than Mycroft, and quite possibly smarter than both her brothers combined. Now Sherlock was off to face her, and there was a chance he wouldn’t return.
Around the time he started formulating this new plan, he became very aware of a growing squishiness on his lap, right under Rosie’s bum. He groaned and looked at his daughter.
Sherlock nodded. “I met him when I was six. My mother was desperate for me to find a playmate, so when the Trevors moved in, she all but demanded I go and play.” He wrinkled his nose. “It was rather annoying.”
“Good, because I prefer Sherlock,” John said, shoving his hands into his pockets. Sherlock could see his pinkie finger through a hole in it. “It’s more unique. Shows how special you are.”
He must’ve miscalculated. He thought John’s apology at the hospital, coupled with the way he’d acted toward Sherlock just now, meant that things were taking a turn for the better in their relationship. He thought John
He hadn’t thought it was a big deal. It was what he’d been telling himself ever since it happened. It was just a simple fact. He was responsible for Mary’s death, and so he deserved to be punished. That was what happened to people who destroyed other people’s lives. They were punished.
The logic was sound, and, truth be told, Sherlock was desperate to live with John again. The little bit of time they’d spent together while Mary had been on the run wasn’t enough. He craved it like he used to crave harder substances. Living without John Watson didn’t feel right.
John was so calm, and his voice was soothing the tension out of Sherlock’s body. Rosie had quieted somewhat, though she still sniffed and whined whenever she coughed. Sherlock’s heart ached to see her looking so pitiful. He rubbed her back as though he could take her sickness away.
John looked away. He still remembered how Sherlock said Harry hated him. He couldn’t really blame her. Because of him, she couldn’t spend one last summer with her friends before university. After their dad died, she’d always yelled at John for trying to replace him. It wasn’t that John wanted to be her dad, but there were things he had to do to keep the family afloat. And in some cases, that included making sure she didn’t find her demise at the end of a bottle.
John made his way over and lowered himself down, wincing a bit as he jostled his shoulder. Sherlock walked over, pressing a quick kiss to Rosie’s head without thinking about it.
It hit him on the eighth day since Sherlock left that he had fallen into the same routine he had created when Mary died. He would wake up after a night of barely sleeping (or sometimes not sleeping at all) and shuffle to Rosie’s room, where he would get her ready for the day. His energy would last until just past breakfast, and then he would realize he had no clue about what to do with himself that day. He had taken an indefinite leave from the surgery after Mary’s death and hadn’t been back before he was shot. It had been a relief to not have to go into work every day and interact with people, but it would have at least been something to do.
“Not fully,” he admitted, his lowered inhibitions pushing him on. “I still like women. But I like men too.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “It’s not like we’re mates or anything. She mentioned you yesterday, said you’re the reason she’s here. And on the first day, she talked about your dad.”
Greg’s response was so sure that Molly felt a renewed sense of confidence. “Then we’ll knock some sense into them. They’re perfect together, and all they have to do is see it.”
Sherlock still did not look away, his face blank and cool. “It doesn’t matter what you wanted, because it didn’t happen. You didn’t cheat on Mary. You have no reason to be guilty.”
The silence went on for a longer span of time. John could almost imagine the look of disbelief on her face. When Molly finally spoke, she sounded confused.
as much as this one did. He didn’t understand why this one was making more of an impact, and he was afraid to figure it out.
Sherlock shrugged to himself and carried Rosie downstairs. In the early morning light, the bottom floor of the Watson home had an ethereal glow to it. Sherlock wasn’t the type to notice these things and usually found it silly when others did.
Molly smiled and said goodbye to Rosie and John before heading to the door. Sherlock continued to stand there, frozen. Was he expected to leave too? He didn’t want to.
This time, he let the silence stretch out between them for a little bit. He suspected Sherlock needed the time to gather his feelings, and he didn’t want to push him too quickly. The question he wanted to ask, though, burned his throat, until finally he said it.
“Sure,” Sherlock said. He put his coat on and was about to reach for his scarf before he realized John was already holding it out for him. Their fingers brushed when he took it. He blushed and looked away, knotting it around his neck.
“Here you go,” he said, returning the cup to Rosie and planting a kiss on her head. She cooed and latched onto it happily. As she drank, her eyes traveled around the room, like she was looking for something. John’s heart sank.
“Taking care of her,” he replied, looking from Rosie to Molly. “While John is in hospital. It’s the least I can do.”
Sherlock’s lips part. John just keeps smiling at him, and after a few seconds, he smiles back. That gives John the courage to inch forward and push himself up on his toes. He raises an eyebrow, and, at Sherlock’s tiny nod, presses their lips together.
he has designated himself to tend to her when she wakes up in the middle of the night so John can sleep.
Sherlock nodded as he wiped away some drool from Rosie’s chin. “I noticed your cabinets are lacking food. You need more.”
“I thought I’d let you choose. Since this is about you, and all.” His cheeks reddened. “And this is my first time doing this, remember? I don’t really have anything to go off of.”
“Yes, I know,” Sherlock huffed. “But back then it felt like a betrayal. He told me he’d keep in touch, and that he’d come visit.”
He didn’t know what was wrong with him. Things had been going well with them lately. There were no more emotional outbursts, no secrets. To be honest, it was like as it had once been at Baker Street, only there was now a baby. And yet, John still found himself over-analyzing everything he said and did.
Being a single parent was tough. John had only been one for a month and a half, but he already knew how much of a challenge it was.
“I literally just heard everything John said. Come on, it’ll be good for you. We can talk about… things.”
John chuckled. “The Queen herself couldn’t make me go.” He looked away from his daughter and focused on Sherlock, who was surprised at how he was still standing. John’s eyes were warm and bright, and his lips were curled into the little grin that drove Sherlock absolutely mad.
John paused to consider, then shrugged. “Honestly, that sounds fair. It feels more… serious now. More real.”
He listened as the feet stormed down the stairs, skipping the last few steps and landing with a louder thud. A moment later, there was a high-pitched gasp from the sitting room, and he allowed himself a small smile. Then the footsteps started coming closer, zooming down the hall. He closed his eyes only to open them a second later when the bedroom door flew open.
She let out a shriek as she opened her kid’s chemistry set and looked up at him with wide eyes. With John’s eyes. Sherlock still got breathless at the sight.
“Before I say it,” John said, his expression earnest, “I need you to know that I understand if your feelings have changed. I realize – I haven’t always been the kindest to you, and maybe it would have been better if you moved on or –”
This man just wouldn’t stop. Sherlock hadn’t expected any of this when he first came over, but he couldn’t say he was against it. Not if it meant they were finally talking.
Sherlock spun around. John stood at the bottom of the stairs, poorly suppressing a yawn. He was still in his pajamas, and his hair was all rumpled from just rolling out of bed.
Desperate to work on the case, Sherlock had turned up at Scotland Yard the next day sober. Lestrade, true to his word, let Sherlock in. It was the beginning of their partnership (though Lestrade would probably hesitate before using that term; Sherlock would too) that suffered many setbacks as Sherlock struggled to get clean. In the end, it was only with Lestrade’s unwavering strength that Sherlock could really shed his junkie persona and get clean.
“We are,” John allowed. “But there are some things that define you that can’t just be erased. I’d say this is one of those things.”
“It might be.” They were still close enough to each other that Sherlock’s breath was hitting John’s face. They hadn’t been this close since the night Sherlock left, when things had been on the precipice of something new. The thought made John’s heart beat faster. Now that Sherlock was home, they could move forward and become something new. John could change it all right now by closing the gap between their mouths.
With a sigh, John continued, “After you… jumped… I was a mess. Worse than before you met me, barely living.” Sherlock suddenly regretted what he said. It hurt to hear John say this. “Mary made things bearable. She made me feel more like a person. Like I could live for something. But the way she made me happy… it wasn’t the happiest I’ve ever been. I know how happy I can be, what absolute happiness feels like, and I didn’t have that with her.”
“The hurry, John, is that you have just offered me a re-enactment and I wish to accept that offer immediately.  Now, get your arse into the car before I have to carry you.”
Sherlock moved on to John’s wrist.  He held the arm gently and placed soft kisses on the skin, not wanting to press too hard on the bruises or raw marks left by the rope.  He circled his hand lightly around it and took John’s pulse, noting the elevation and the breath holding followed by quick releases as he touched John’s skin.  He watched the dilation of John’s pupils and the way he was biting his lower lip, trying to keep silent.
“I dare you to ring Mycroft and tell him he’s the bestest big brother in the whole wide world and you looooovvve him,” John pursed his lips and made some kissy faces at Sherlock.
“Well, as illuminating as is this whole conversation, it was me to whom the call was made, Sherlock.”
“Mycroft, stop.  I need a car now.  John is… I had to… I bit him Mycroft, I had to.  I couldn’t let him die.  I need you to get here before Lestrade and his team arrive and try to take John to the hospital or… the morgue.”
He could feel the softness of Sherlock’s hair against his upper arm and smell the expensive shampoo so close to his nose.  He’d love to run his fingers through that hair.  He could picture Sherlock lying on the sofa with his head in John’s lap, John running his fingers through it in a way that would relax them both.  So many things he wanted to do but he daren’t ever let Sherlock know how he felt.  He would rather spend his time quietly pining about Sherlock in the flat than to risk giving everything away and be forever without him.
“It’s not a question of like; it’s a question of forced retention after the number of times you've made me watch them.”
“So it would seem.  I am loath to put you into an unknown situation though.  Sherlock would be most unhappy if I placed you in danger.”
The recording stopped and Sherlock felt tears sting his eyes.  No, John.  No, that wasn’t right.  John hadn’t wronged him.  He was always enough.  He did everything that was ever asked of him.  What had happened wasn’t his fault at all, didn’t he realise that?
I look forward to meeting you soon.  I have included my phone number so that you may let me know when you have landed, as your reply may not arrive before you do.
“Are you kidding?  Of course.  You can do whatever you want.  Are you sure you wouldn’t rather I do something to you?”
‘Was’.  There it was again.  The past tense.  How John hated it.  He was just miserable without his ‘partner’ and they hadn’t even been together.  How he wished it had been him and not Sherlock, up on that roof.  He would gladly have sacrificed himself if it meant Sherlock was still here.  That the world could still be dazzled by that talent instead of offended by a has-been doctor who could barely move himself off the sofa most days.
“Well the answer to what can kill you is not a lot.  Basically, removing your head is the only way to ensure it.  Most other injuries are recoverable with the ingestion of blood.  The more serious injuries need blood direct from a host but others are achievable with blood bags which we would normally use for sustenance anyway.”
“That goes both ways.  I don’t know what I’d be without you either.  Well, I do know because I’ve been there and it isn’t anywhere I want to go again so it looks like we’re stuck with each other.  John smiled again,” Now, what say you leap up there on the bed while I take the rest of my clothes off without ripping them.”
John didn’t hesitate and went straight for Sherlock’s neck.  It was one of his favourite parts of Sherlock’s body and he knew that it was very sensitive for Sherlock too, so it would ramp things up for both of them.  He trailed his tongue along from shoulder to ear and back down.  He gave Sherlock a bright love bite right in the crook of his neck to match the one that he was already sporting.
John’s other hand came up and he ran his thumb along Sherlock’s upper lip, tracing the cupid’s bow.  Sherlock gasped at the tender touch and pulled John to him, burying his head in John’s jumper; his arms circling his waist, holding on tight.  John’s arm slid around to the back of Sherlock’s head and he, too, held on tightly, running his fingers through the dark curls which, although shorter than normal, were still as soft as John had always imagined.  John leant his head down and rested his cheek against Sherlock’s hair just breathing him in, allowing his brain to accept this was actually happening.  Sherlock was really back and he’d even apologised.  They stayed there for a long time, each of them getting used to being in the presence of the other again.
They were standing close together with a wall behind them, so John took the opportunity to slide his hand across Sherlock's back.  He pressed it warmly against him so that Sherlock could almost feel it right through to his skin.  Sherlock pushed back into him in acknowledgement and smiled shyly at John.
Matthew blushed.  "I just reacted.  I saw that the chandelier was going to fall and I just jumped across to get us out of the way."
The team split in half to train against each other and John, as Captain of one of the teams, quickly picked his side and elected to play facing the way that would bring him nearest to Sherlock as he ran up and down the line.  Sherlock, for his part, spent most of the game watching John’s legs as he powered past him.  They weren’t overly hairy and what was there was fine and soft and Sherlock was just itching to run his fingers through it and see if it was as soft as it looked.
“I…  Sherlock, I don’t want to make you feel awkward but I have to tell you that I’ve developed feelings for you.”
"Brilliant, we'll head back in the morning.  I'll just text Lestrade and see if he has anything for us when we arrive; might as well get straight back to it."
At that point they both looked at the phone dangling in Sherlock’s fingers as they heard a very Mycroft-sounding ‘Ahem’ emerge from it.  Sherlock looked at it for a moment as if wondering why he held it.  He raised it to his ear.
The nurse came in soon after to check his dressings and drips and he was almost grateful for the shot of morphine he received.  Not for the pain relief it would provide, because quite frankly he could care less about that at the moment; but more for the oblivion it would bring, however temporary, from his tortured thoughts.
“Well, no, but you are certainly opening up new avenues of possibilities.  I can see that I’m going to have do some serious research to keep up with you.  How delightful.”
"She actually arrived earlier today and we met them for lunch.  She said she would be happy for him to come after Easter Monday, if it was convenient with you."
"What time is it anyway?  Shouldn't we be in lessons?  Should you be here at all, come to think of it?"
“You expect me to have sex with you after that?  You really are crazy.  Get out of my way.  I need some air.”
John blushed, thinking back to that time he had been at rugby practice and what had happened in the changing room afterwards.  He had had a couple of matches since then and Sherlock had been persuaded into attending, but as he’d openly admitted, he didn’t go for the rugby; he only went to watch John.
The boys all grinned at each other and turned back in their seats, gazing out of the windows and dreaming of things that could be…
“By all means.  They do say it’s easier to tell things to a stranger because without the personal involvement or any preconceptions it is easier to be objective, so go for it.”
“It was certainly the start of one but I spoke calmly to you and stroked your head and you settled back into regular sleep quite quickly with no adverse effects.”
Sherlock hung up and lay John back down on the floor.  He could hear the vehicles approaching and pretended to be giving John chest compressions as soon as he knew he was in sight.  Greg was out of the car and running over to the van as soon as he saw Sherlock leaning over John.
Rachel and Kerry got up to get another drink and they passed some beakers along the row to the others after Stacey filled up more cups at the table for them.  The majority of them went to refill their plates from the buffet table again; John didn’t bother forcing Sherlock to go up, knowing that one plate was more than enough for him.
“Me too, John.  I hated doing all that without you.  We’re a team and we work so much better together.  It was like I was missing a limb not having you there.”
Sherlock looked justified that John was assuming the blame, but he was not going to rush to forgive anything without fully understanding what they were talking about.  He wanted full clarity so that there would be no more confusion.
When Mike was talking with her he watched her eyes and took in all the things that Sherlock had told him.  It looked like it was true.  He thought about his own feelings for Molly.  He had always liked her as a friend and watched over her with a protective eye, not letting anyone hurt her.  When he thought about it more deeply he decided he definitely liked the way she looked and enjoyed spending time with her.  She always made him feel good and laughed at his jokes.  Was there something more?  Maybe this could work?  It was certainly worth giving it a shot.
“Thanks for all the updates on that everyone.  I think we’re making great strides already.  Right, shall we make a start with the first scene and block out some moves?”
"There isn't time; we need to do this now.  Sit in front of him and hold him upright with his head against your neck.  Now just hold on tight whilst I pull."
The policeman clapped on his handcuffs and radioed in for a car to come and collect the prisoner whilst Sherlock went through his deductions again with John looking on proudly.  The policeman made a note of everything in his book and took Sherlock's details as well.
Even though he'd only known Sherlock for a few weeks now, he easily recognised his 'thinking' face.  Sherlock was tasting him and committing it to memory.  John wanted to see Sherlock taste him directly from the source; to feel that tongue on his cock, but he couldn't wait for that now.  Even the idea of having that done to him had ramped him up even further and he desperately needed to come right now.
John grinned at the challenge and rolled Sherlock over, but instead of holding him down he moved his leg out of the way and rolled him back again before sitting on the backs of his thighs, keeping him in place whilst he trailed his tongue down Sherlock's spine, leaving a mark on each vertebra as he went.  John massaged Sherlock's buttocks as he made his way down the spine, edging his hips lower down Sherlock's legs as he went and when he got to the base he smacked Sherlock's arse cheek hard, then bent down to kiss it better.  Sherlock groaned under him so he did it again on the other side.  He bit down on the red mark he had made, not hard enough to break the skin but enough so that Sherlock felt it.
John took a good few minutes to come round and when he did, he smiled up at Sherlock who has perched on his knees between John’s legs just watching him.
Sherlock again proved his skills at this game.  He watched everyone very carefully and could very quickly tell from eye-lines and facial twitches who was the murderer each time.  After he’d guessed correctly four times in a row, John whispered to him to let someone else have a chance so he stayed quiet during the next few games, even though on the last one he was desperate to shout out as the murderer was John himself.  Unfortunately, for him, he only worked it out at the same time as John actually winked at him so he had to die before he could even gloat over his silent victory.  John grinned at him and went on to successfully murder the rest of the players and claim his win.
John opened his mouth, then shut it. She had a good point. His thoughts were what had been stopping him, his fear that he’d blow up and ruin everything forever, or that he had already ruined it forever and he would just make it worse by trying to fix everything. He doubted those fears would go away even if he did just jump headfirst into it, but perhaps he wouldn’t have time to really consider those fears if he did.
John leaned back in his chair, stretching his legs out as far as possible. He wished he could just melt into it and disappear from the world. It seemed easier than existing. “I can assure you it’s very, very possible. I’m not perfect, Molly. God knows he deserves to get angry with me, after everything I’ve done to him.”
The days passed. John continued to heal. Rosie continued to grow. Sherlock continued to drift between being happier than he’d been in a while and becoming overwhelmed with heartbreak.
“He used to get really drunk,” John said, like Sherlock hadn’t spoken. “And when he was drunk like that, Harry and I would hide in my room with the door locked. Mum would try to keep him away.” He sniffed, and Sherlock’s heart clenched. “She didn’t always succeed.”
“Then what for?” Whether he realizes it or not, Sherlock’s body turns ever so slightly so he’s facing more towards John. It gives John a sense of satisfaction, the knowledge that a part of Sherlock is drawn to him.
He was in love with John, but John was married, so he hid his feelings away for the sake of preserving his best friend’s happiness.
John laughed. Rosie peeked her head out from his chest and grinned. Sherlock automatically leaned over and brushed a large hand over her head. Those types of actions were becoming far too easy and frequent, yet he couldn’t find it in him to stop. It made him too happy.
“Only because I had finally found her,” Sherlock answered. “It’s complicated, and I’ll tell you all of it, I promise. But I haven’t slept in days, and I would really like to now. And I should probably shower.”
Sherlock’s cheeks went pink. He handed the mug to John. “I know,” he said. “It just – felt like I should.”
John huffs out a breath, the happy glow that had settled over him while they were kissing officially gone. And the night had started out so beautifully.
“He looked so… ordinary. I should have thought him boring, but instead I sensed that there was more to him.” Sherlock paused, thoughtful. “He looked at me and didn’t think I was odd. All the other children did, but Victor didn’t. It shocked me. It was enough to make me ask him if he wanted to pet Redbeard.”
John shook his head right away. “No, no, I’m not upset…” He desperately needed Sherlock to know it was okay, he wasn’t angry with him. He still cared about Sherlock with every fiber of his being. But the words wouldn’t come. He was still sluggish from the surgery, and his shoulder hurt an awful lot. He looked around in search of his morphine drip. Sherlock seemed to understand, for he reached over a turned it up a bit.
“Still,” Sherlock insisted. “She isn’t my daughter. I have no right to just take her whenever I see fit.”
John’s eyes snapped to Sherlock. “No,” he said immediately, and Sherlock could tell right away that he was being sincere. “Not at all. I’ve never – I could never regret saying those words to you, Sherlock. If anything, I regret that I didn’t say them sooner.” A slightly tortured look crossed his face. “After you first told me – or didn’t tell me, exactly, but after I figured it out – I should have realized I felt the same.”
John took the time to figure out how to bring up Sherlock’s childhood again. He had so many questions, and he was desperate to learn more about him, but he didn’t know how to mention it again without being weird about it.
Sherlock glanced at him before looking away. “There is, I suppose.” He paused, and John knew just how much effort it was taking him to say the next few words. “I could tell you it sometime. If you wanted to hear it.”
“I love him,” Sherlock said plainly once the waiter left. “Nothing is going to change that. If I want to keep him in my life, I have to learn to live with it. I’d say I’ve done a decent job of it so far.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, apparently recovering from his worry. “I know what you were trying to say, but you were taking too long to say it, and we’ve already been interrupted so many times.”
John spoke quickly, desperate to get a word in. “I’m not trying to say I’m like Moriarty, or anything, but I’m not a good man. Would a good man want to cheat on his wife? Would he abandon his daughter? Beat his best friend?” He was positive Rosie was the only thing grounding him right now. “Why does everyone say I’m a good person when all I’ve done is show them the exact opposite?”
Downstairs, Rosie was still fussing tremendously, but she had calmed a bit when she saw Mrs. Hudson. John suspected the car ride had helped too. Mrs. Hudson had insisted on watching over Rosie while Sherlock and John went up to the flat, citing a need for “godmother time.” John was only too happy to hand her over, a fact he felt a little guilty about.
If John Watson had met Mycroft Holmes on that very same day, they might’ve gotten along. Shared experiences tended to bond people, and at that moment in time, they both had a lot in common.
“Okay, okay,” he said, reentering the sitting room with two steaming mugs in his hands. He set Rosie’s on the coffee table beside her before settling onto the couch. “Go on then.”
The word slipped out before he could process it, let alone stop it. John’s head shot up, his eyes wide. Even Rosie seemed to understand the weight of the moment, for she stilled and looked at Sherlock.
Lestrade’s eyes widened briefly before he composed himself. He gave a curt nod, the corner of his mouth pushing up.
John had an almost-affair. With his sister. The sister he’d forgotten he had. The sister who shot John, the only man Sherlock had ever loved. The man Sherlock loved, who had been so dissatisfied with his marriage that he sought a connection with a woman he barely knew. (The key word being
“My sister has clearly moved on from it,” Sherlock said, turning to leave the room with Rosie. “Perhaps you should too.”
His voice was gentle once more. John opened his eyes and stared at the ground. He shifted Rosie in his arm again, realizing he was going to have to put her down soon.
He trailed off here, for John had come downstairs. There was a trace of amusement in John’s eyes, and it made Sherlock frown.
John was watching him closely. Sherlock was desperate for this phone call to be over. His knee bounced up and down.
Anger flashed on John’s face. “You’re doing it again, you’re taking on everything by yourself. You told me you wouldn’t do that anymore! We’re supposed to be a team!”
“I just meant that I’ll be tending to Watson, since you’re not able to.” He raised an eyebrow. “That’s why I’m here, isn’t it?”
“Sherlock Holmes,” John said, staying remarkably calm despite his twisting insides, “I just spent the past few hours agonizing over you. I think I deserve an explanation, and if my assumptions are correct, you need your wounds treated. The sooner you agree, the sooner we can both go to bed.”
“Sorry,” replied Lestrade, coming inside after Sherlock gave him the space to do so. “I would’ve called ahead, but I’m in a bit of a hurry.”
He was so caught up in the idea of winning that he missed the implication. “The Woman, as you always put it.”
They reminded him of another memory, just as strong as the one he was currently in. His wedding, the reception. The dance floor. Sherlock just gave one last toast – one last
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. I’m here because my idiot brother convinced my mother I have a cocaine problem. I do not. I’m not an addict, I’m a user. The drugs help my mental capabilities, make things sharper, clearer. I help Scotland Yard solve crimes – or at least, I
“But then why have Molly watch Rosie?” pressed Sherlock. “Why do all this?” He gestured to the table, hoping he wasn’t putting too much emphasis on the candles. “I don’t need that much thanks.”
Sherlock’s arms came up around John’s smaller frame and pressed him to his chest. John felt Sherlock’s nose brushing his hair, and he nearly buckled over at the sheer
John scoffed, or at least, he tried to. It came out a bit choked. He looked away and rubbed his eyes. Rosie sat on the floor a few feet away, gnawing on her stuffed dog.
“You told me you needed to be with Rosie tonight,” said Lestrade. He turned to face John, arms crossed. John felt a bit like a little boy being chastised by his father. The thought of his father made his stomach turn, and he immediately crossed to the kitchen to put his glass in the sink. Two drinks were enough for tonight.
John smiled and patted the bed beside him. Sherlock crossed the room and sat down, close enough so their knees touched. John immediately linked their hands again, just because he could, and because he needed to remind himself that Sherlock was really there, alive and whole.
Frowning, Sherlock adjusted her so he could see her face. Her cheeks were flushed with an unnatural color. He lifted a hand to her forehead, not realizing it had begun to shake ever so slightly.
Another stretch of silence followed, broken only by Rosie’s satisfied coos as she stacked her blocks only to knock them down right after.
He looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and saw the moment when he accepted his fate. With a nod toward the kitchen, John turned and went upstairs, where he fetched the first aid kit from under his bathroom sink. When he returned downstairs, Sherlock had taken his coat off and was sitting in one of the kitchen chairs.
