“Then stay. I mean if this is the last I’m gonna see of you for ‘quite some time’, we should make it count.”
The boy looks at them in awe. “Wait a minute… aren’t you the Winchesters?”
“You used to trust me,” he responds quietly, taking stock of just how far they’ve fallen. “You used to give me the benefit of the doubt.” And of course they’d both betrayed that trust time and time again. But evidently some things can’t be forgiven. “Now you can barely look at me.”
he reminds himself. There wasn’t enough of a reason to address it and even if they did there wasn’t time, there was never enough time.
“Dean,” he cuts him off softly, settling back in as Dean holds him. “I’m okay.”
Ray grips the door tighter. “Do we have a choice?”
Sam sighs in relative relief. “Well thank Jack for small miracles.”
“They’re pursuing other opportunities,” retorts Sam.
“Yeah, no I get it. It’s your turn to watch me die and it sucks.” Dean wants to be angry, or scared, or determined to fight, and that’ll probably hit him later, but honestly he’s just tired. If Jack says it’s impossible, then he believes him, and after all, he’s gotta die sometime. He just wishes it wasn’t so soon. “I’ll tell you one thing, though, I’d much rather die knowing you’re on the other side waiting instead of thinking I failed you yet again.”
Julie takes in the scene with concern, then turns to go back into the garage. “Maybe you two should come inside.” Dean and Sam share a look then decide they might as well. The garage is actually more of a studio, a grand piano front and center with tons of musical instruments and memorabilia strewn about. Julie closes the door and gestures at a well-worn couch. “Please, sit.”
“Right? So cool!”
When they hang up, he hears a sniffle, just then remembering Julie was still out here. “Who was that?”
“I’ll do it,” Trevor nods decisively. “I’ll meet with them. It’s time.”
She smiles at them fondly. “I
“Gee,” Julie snarks, “I wonder why.” Trevor looks back at her, hurt, which seems to deflate her. “Sorry, I’m just a
“It’s like 3 in the afternoon. And no one does, that’s what makes it a crisis. But I find it goes a lot faster if you just accept that it’s happening.”
N.W.A.
Sam takes that one. “Well, if we assume they really are a form of ghost and not something more complicated, then it’s likely they won’t be able to rest unless they’ve exacted their idea of justice on Trevor. So we either need to orchestrate a confrontation in such a way that we resolve this peacefully, or hope that they’re the type of ghosts who don’t get caught up in revenge.”
Ray, meanwhile, has opened the piano and plunked one of the keys. Nothing happens. “Huh, well so much for that.”
She side-eyes him. “Well you clearly have opinions about it, and it’s not like
“I’m not entirely sure but my unfinished business is different from theirs; don’t worry I’m getting there. I eventually realized I can make myself… dormant, for lack of a better word, so that even when other ghosts are around they can’t perceive me. I was able to catch up on most of what you found out that way. Sorry to eavesdrop, but being a ghost doesn’t really allow for much privacy.”
Cas takes Dean’s hands in his own and removes them from his face, though Dean doesn’t allow him to let go. He needs the touch to be sure he’s not just making this up. “I do,” Cas assures him gently. “I am aware of how deeply you care for me in your way, and I also fully understand that your affections are different than the ones I harbor for you. It wasn’t my in—”
There wasn’t even time to say anything back. He can’t begin to guess what he would have even said to all that but Cas deserved to hear
Caleb turns around in abject horror to find Rose and the boys looking very much alive—well, not dead—and smugly waving to him.
; they can’t be expected to know every song in existence in every key. He tries not to be offended on Jethro Tull’s behalf.
Julie’s smile doesn’t quite reach her eyes. “So is this goodbye?”
“So, what, you just woke up one day and decided to get a dye job? Gonna take me to the demon salon, Crowley?”
“Right?” He does a little turn.
When Julie’s dad has closed the door, all three living humans peer out from their spots to see if he’s back in the house yet. When the coast is clear, Sam and Dean come out of their spot, placing their weapons on the ground and their hands in the air as they approach. “Why didn’t you tell him about us?”
“Listen, if there’s anything I’ve learned being in the game this long, it’s that nothing’s really fair, y’know, ‘life sucks and then you die.’ I mean, sometimes you can do everything right and still end up trapped in Hell for eternity. Sometimes you solve one apocalypse only to start another. Or sometimes the love of your life is slorped into nothingness for crimes against heterosexuality.” She fixes him with increasingly alarmed expressions. “Okay, probably not universal experiences.
“Subtle, Flynn,” Julie deadpans good-naturedly. “Dean?”
“Well,” Dean counters hesitantly, “maybe not nothing.” Cas looks at him in confusion. “There’s one thing we could do.”
Sam continues as if he hadn’t spoken. “What if he spent long enough in the veil and did enough shady things to get similar powers?”
“Yeah, weren’t you the guy Alex was macking on last week?”
“What’re you thinking, it’s a trap?”
Dean sighs. “Fine, but you should be the one to do it, if I were him I wouldn’t answer my prayers if I was the last human on earth again.”
“Well that’s great but I don’t exactly know you, so could we start there? How do you know Alex?”
“Yep,” Dean confirms. “Contains the death books of every being in existence, including God.” He tries to forget what happened the last time he was there. “Let’s just say Death has never been our biggest fan, she’s had it out for us since our second or third time around the block.”
“Nevermind.” He looks over at Sammy, who’s mostly got things under control. “We’re gonna figure this out, okay?”
Sam smiles in sheepish relief. “Who was he?”
“Yeah well guess what Sammy, I didn’t have it easy with him either. What, you think our relationship was all sunshine and rainbows? He was just as hard on me as he was on you!”
“Well it wasn’t for lack of trying.”
“Mind sharing with the class?”
Still no sign of the guys as the final chords ring out. To be fair, it was kind of a deep-cut, and this isn’t
Dean scoffs. “I’m not ‘flustered’.”
“Shocking.”
us your name!” Reggie shouts after them.
Uh, yeah, talking to a not-ghost via glorified Ouija board is more than a little awkward, but he’s pretty sure that’s not what Alex is saying. “What, because we hooked up once? Dude, that was 25 years ago.”
He likes to think it’s progress that this is the fastest he’s gotten over the drink-myself-to-sleep phase of the grieving process, which still looks like getting drunk every night of course, but he can at least remember the all-consuming numbness from the night before, which usually doesn’t happen until at least the 4-month mark. He hates knowing these milestones and that he’s getting better with practice, that Cas dying is a common enough occurrence in his life that mourning him is something he can perfect. He hates that this time around it’s easier to ignore the voice in his head begging him to join the angel in oblivion, because of course Cas had to go and give him a reason for living out the rest of his days without him. Still taking care of him from another dimension, fuck he deserved so much better than Dean.
novels that feeling returns, like everyone around him knows the one thing he thought he’d done such a good job of burying. Then again if it wasn’t buried it probably wouldn’t be called subtext. It’s humiliating that somehow, despite his best efforts, to most of the population he’s best known for how dubiously straight he is. Those two guys who LARPed as him and Sam—despite his eternal disgust at the implications, his story resonated so strongly with these gay guys that Demian saw Dean as someone to model himself after. In the musical, Dean and Cas were played by two girls who were themselves in a relationship, and the, well,
“Come on, man, don’t leave me hangin’,” he teased, dipping his head to try and catch his Angel’s eye. “Is that a yes?”
“So, what ya saying, Cas? You could make me hard but not horny?”
“Mo.” The blade is tapped to the chained, helpless Angel’s groin.
And that was why Sam believed Castiel’s innocence. Not only did the Angel look sincerely terrified, but it also didn’t fit to Cas’ past behavior. Castiel had always been there for Dean, he would never do anything to hurt him, he had proven that himself time and time again. And also why Sam believed why Dean was taking this so hard. He felt betrayed.
“-Don’t want sympathy, Cas.” Dean wiped his hand down his face, unsurprised when it came away damp. “The only reason I’m telling you this is ‘cause afterwards I did everything I could to hide that side of me. I knew it wasn’t wrong, but...”
"Hey, get this. I may have found something."
Castiel shifted in his seat, turning to give the hunter his full attention. “What happened?”
Across from them an older couple were leaning over their table so they both had a clear view of the phone the woman was holding. Her husband is concentrating on the screen with a frown, while she points to it and seemed to be explaining something to him. Whatever it was the man is clearly not getting it. After a second or two the woman hands him the phone and she squeezed his other hand which was held in a frustrated fist on the tabletop. With a few pats he turns his hand, catching hers, giving it an appreciative squeeze as the couple trade affectionate smiles.
Well, it wouldn’t be dating Dean Winchester style without a little make out session on Baby’s back seat... Okay, they hadn’t made it to the back seat, but close enough. He melted into the kiss.
He felt the mattress rock and dip as Dean ignored the suggestion and clambered out from under the covers, scrambling around Castiel’s outstretched arm, to sit in front of the angel.
Sam jerked his head back, at the same time a confused frown popped up on his brow.
Cas was in his face as soon as Dean opened the door, looking like he hadn't moved a single muscle the whole time Dean had been in the bathroom, just waited in the exact spot the hunter had left him in. “Well?”
“What if he can’t forgive you, Cas?” Sam reasoned. “You could lose him.”
"D-Dean?" His name came out a trembled whisper against the hollow of his throat, full of desperate uncertainty and utterly wrecked.
He gave his Angel a congratulatory pat on the shoulder, letting the touch linger a little longer than he usually would allow himself too. Castiel’s shy half smile lit up his bright eyes. “So my ‘bad cop’ has improved?”
“Yeah,” Dean agreed with a watery inhale. “Dean ‘overly hetro to hide the fact that he’s so far in the closet he’s having tea with Mr Tumnus’ Winchester, became my mask. I’m not saying there weren’t some slip-ups along the way, but never... never openly, or soberly.” He let out a humorless laugh. “I’ve worn that mask for so long, that I don’t know how to take it off.”
“Wow,” Dean sighed out, his eyes widening, and not in a good way. “That’s cold, Cas.”
Sorry for the wait on this one. This chapter was meant to be a short one that was already nearly finished when I put up the last, but at some point it kinda got away from me. I already know the next is going to be challenging. So there will probably be a longer than usual delay in getting the next up. Feel free to drop a message to kick my ass and keep me focused.
Dean’s eyes flicked to Cas’ silently inquiring about the honesty of her claim. Cas nodded back to him and Dean stopped himself from beaming triumphantly. It was a smart move on her part, they would get whatever information they wanted out of her either way, so it was better for her to give it willingly than to have it painfully extracted out of her through Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
Check new tags for trigger warnings
Chuckling at his Angel’s cursing, Dean nodded in agreement. His eyes danced upward, a cheeky smile tugging one corner of his mouth. “I deserved that.”
It was only at the mention of it that Dean remembered Cas telling him that a nephilim heart had been one of the key ingredients in the spell to close the gates of Heaven. Or so had been believed. At the time Dean had been far more focused on getting Sam through his set of trials to even consider the specifics of the angels' own mission. He’d already been distressed beyond reason witnessing all that his baby brother was going through, without the added heartache of knowing that if Metatron and Cas were successful in their plan, then all angels, Cas included, would be locked in Heaven for good. His angel would have never been able to return to Earth -  to him - at a time when he arguably needed Cas the most. The thought didn’t bear thinking about, so the last thing to cross his mind was the details of the spell, which at the time had seemed so unimportant in comparison.
“You can’t,” the words came out of Dean’s mouth without his consent. Too stunned to school his tremble and hide his fear, or to stop his arm closing around his stomach, protecting it from her intrusive stare.
“So we don’t have to hike halfway round the bunker to get in,” Dean stated, giving his brother a ‘don’t ask stupid questions’ look. “Which reminds me, I need you to go to the hardware store,” he added, tugging a scrap of paper out of his back pocket and pushing it harshly into Sam’s hand.
But there really was no choice.
Dean was hoping Sam hadn't noticed anything, but the way his little brother seemed to be trying, and not quite managing, to hold back a grin, didn't fill him with confidence.
Sam had stopped at the first place he had found and purchased something for them both to eat. Dean hadn't tasted it, or even registered what it was. He’d just robotically forced it down under his brother’s concerned and watchful eye.
Just wanted to say a quick thank you to all who left kudos and to Cmccles01, Jenniy, Castiel_minon,  Briston, Emwin, Power0girl, Stevecas, Shizzles_McFlipsicles,  AiRi_Maiko, CarmenChameleon, Honeybee, Endellion, SilverScriptings, Chelsea27, MamaBearMusical, Nama28, LBn, Dizzybunny, URmyHuckleberry, HicSuntDracones, Iceman12, VDxfr, spn_glow, Geekthefreakout, Nevertoldmewhat, Luna, smoaksarrow, multifandombeingoffangirlintent5, Simone Oliver, L Catriona_MacLeod and Marie Chrystine (sorry if I missed anyone) for all their comments, which I read over whenever the muse is not playing nicely for me. You words and insights always drive me onwards.
Closing his eyes, Dean swallowed, hard. Their lips were barely an inch apart and Dean lifted up 'til he could feel the air between them tingle. It was all the signal Cas needed and, lips parting, he smoothly closed the distance between them.
It appeared to be a large rundown garden shed. Vines grew through holes in the roof and walls, letting in spotlights of golden sunlight. Shelves lined all the walls filled with pots and tools, and many other things Dean had never laid eyes on before. Bees buzzed happily against the window, through which Dean could just make out a man flying a kite in the distance. If someone had told Dean that this shed had stood there for a hundred years Dean would have believed them. It was old, worn, but not one speck of dust, not one cobweb. It smelt of honey and felt homey.
“Surprised?!” Dean snapped, a look of complete disbelief, his eyes flashing with hot raw anger.
“Dean,” his voice was soft and almost soulfully sad, as his eyes fixed to the hunters, more open and intimate than anything they did together the night before. “Is that really what you think?”
Reminding himself for what felt like the billionth time in the last five minutes that men can’t have babies, he took a deep, calming breath, rolled his tense shoulders and picked up the test.
were gently working him open, so soft and with so much care, all the while the Angel’s mouth seems set on devouring every inch of his skin as he makes his way down to Dean’s abdomen, proves that.
Until he had to pull over, quickly. Sending a sandy cloud out behind the Impala as she swerved off the road into the dirt, breaking hard.
Her attention snapped immediately to the approaching thunderous Angel, as Dean dove out behind him. Multiple gunshots hammered out in quick succession. From behind, Dean saw Castiel’s body jerk with each impact, yet his steps didn’t falter. Speededly she reached to the side, her hand slamming down on the bloodied sigil.
“You’re not wrong,” Dean agreed, flashing a teasing look of his own back at his brother through weary eyes. “I mean the dude has some serious stamina, I can’t even begin-”
“And you definitely shouldn’t be around other angels now that you’re showing.” Sam added in, earning himself an equal share in the glaring. “It’d be too obvious. You’d be putting all of your heads on the chopping block.”
It wasn't that Dean had been stolen away from him, it wasn’t just Dean, it wasn’t just the man he loved, the man he’d given everything for, the man he’d fallen for, it was Castiel’s everything. His mate, his child and the loss felt like a part of Castiel himself.
After a beat the cashier seemed to have snapped out of it and quickly rang up the sale, albeit a bit awkwardly. He must have either assumed that Dean was buying for a wife or girlfriend and had just brought a buddy with him for... moral support or whatever (Castiel’s extreme closeness was not helping the matter though. The Angel was practically glued to Dean’s back), either that or he thought he was being pranked. Judging by the way he was looking around, possibly searching for hidden cameras, Dean was assuming the latter was most likely.
"Gone with Chuck for some sibling bonding... It's over, Cas. It's over," Dean soothed, letting the hand that was holding Cas close gently start rubbing up and down the Angel's spine, surprised when Cas pressed himself in even closer despite the reassurance.
“Weren’t you sent back to the motherland for a time out?” Dean stated, hoping the numb tone to his voice would be enough to mask what he was actually feeling.
For the second time that day, Dean set about trying to fix up his Angel. Okay, when Cas had gone into his head he hadn’t needed fixing per sé. It was a perfectly normal behavior for him, if what he’d told Sam was true, but now his Angel had his mojo on lockdown and could have been seriously hurt if those engraved sigils had been anything else. And all because he’d charged in before Dean could formulate a proper plan of attack.
Getting to the good bit now guys :D
“Yeah, Cas. It was awesome.” Dean dropped a kiss to Cas’ forehead, running his palm down the Angel’s spine, noting both, unlike his own, were smooth and sweat free. He snorted. “Last time you blew up the bedroom, this time I find you don’t have a gag reflex. What ya gonna surprise me with next, Cas?” Dean laughed, only half joking.
Leaving the door open and keeping that Cas in his sight, Dean backed up and opened the door behind him, quickly glancing over his shoulder. Inside that room was another Cas, shirt ripped open, chained and bloodied, pleading for a quick death.
Dean started Baby’s engine purring, heading home, back to the bunker.
Bevell leaned closer to the glass divide and smiled cruelly. “I don’t have a problem with that.”
“Dean?” Cas insisted, “where else did they hurt you?”
Watching Cas closely, flitting from one blue eye to the other, to see any reaction Cas would give. Searching for the truth, knowing it’s a nearly impossible question for the Angel to answer.
“I couldn't betray your freewill, Dean. But physical reaction and sensation, those are just nerves and flesh, and they could be manipulated.”
Dean knew what a strain it was to be still in those first moments, when your whole body burns with desire and all you can think of is the need to thrust into that hot clenching heat. He knows Cas is feeling that overpowering urge right now. He can feel the fierce tremor that vibrates through his Angel's skin and the tenseness of his muscles. Yet the kiss Cas gave him in that moment was nothing but tender and loving, no hint of urgency, no rush to take the edge off. Just a gentle brush of soft chapped lips against his partially clenched ones.
Draping his arm over Cas’ shoulders, Dean jostled the Angel into his side.  “Come on tough guy, let's fill Sam in and then we’re going to get me a burger. I’m suddenly really in the mood for a royale with cheese.”
“This isn’t necessary, Dean,” Cas tried again, sounding completely aspirated and aggravated as he tailed Dean round the store far too closely, practically tripping over Dean’s feet as the hunter strode through the aisles, searching and mostly ignoring his acquired angelic shadow. “I have already seen it.”
“Dean?” Cas’ eyes were laser locked on his, full of confusion and concern, but Dean couldn’t think about that now. His head was too full of his own anger and relief as the fear washed out of him in an almost dizzying wave, leaving him near breathless as he gripped Cas’ jacket and shirt collar tightly. His hand tightening as if afraid the angel would disappear again the second he let go.
“Self induced inner reflection bears no comparison to a coma.”
Dean seemed to have lost the ability to breathe. All he could do was fish-mouth at the ceiling as one pleasurable jolt chased up his spine after another, like lightning, every time Cas' fingers moved within him. Never in his dizziest fantasies had he thought it would feel like this. So good, too good. They had barely started and already Dean felt like he was losing his mind, dangerously close to coming. But he didn't want to, not yet, not like this. He wanted more.
Sam nodded silently in agreement. Venting out his frustration is a process Dean has to go through or he will throw up all his defensive walls, guarding himself and go into complete emotional and verbal shutdown. Sam has seen Dean’s violent coping mechanisms many times before. He knows the pattern and honestly the wrath of Dean is better lashed out on inanimate objects and far better than the alternative.
He pulled back onto the road, putting the diner, their evasive conversation and the ghosts of his past in his rear-view mirror.
“Oh,” Dean sighed out, his head dropping, not knowing what else to say. That certainly didn’t sound promising for Cas’ friend and Dean knew he was not the best person to be counseling Cas through his grief. He may have been through more than his fair share of grief himself, but he never knew what to say to others that could help them in any way. He was more of a ‘push it away’, or ‘get angry over the injustice of it’, rather than ‘talk out your feelings’, type. And the hormones raging his system would only make it harder, but his angel was inexperienced with emotions, so simply giving him a pat on the shoulder and offering condolences were not going to be acceptable.
Maybe it was after effects of the best orgasm of his life, but for the first time Dean’s blissed out mind threw complete caution to the wind and swore that from now on he was going to grab hold of Cas with both hands and not let anything, or anyone, including himself, come between them.
Dean didn’t reply. Because, yes, that was precisely what he thought. But admitting that would open up the floor and put what had happened between him and Cas just hours before under the spotlight. He didn’t have time for that, not now. So he ignored Sam’s puppy dog eyes, instead turning his attention into doubling his efforts in the search, thankfully finding what they were looking for just seconds after.
“You won’t be here to see it of course.” she continued despite the look of absolute horror that had drained all the color from Dean’s face. “As soon as Silverman gives you the all clear to travel you will be transported back to England.”
“-and then I get a backstage pass to the showreel of Castiel’s treehouse of horrors,”
“No, Dean, I didn’t,” Cas tried, his eyes growing wide with Dean’s sudden outburst of rage. “That’s what I’m trying to explain.”
"Fuck, Cas," Dean's breaths are coming too quick, but not deep enough. His own arousal heavy, trapped between their stomachs, practically singing with the friction of Cas' powerful thrusts, that's turning him into little more than a moaning mass of wanton need in record time.
It's all going far too quickly for Dean when all he wants to do is take things slow, savior each and every moment, drink in and commit every single tiny detail to memory. As much as the heat between them is driving him to eagerly wanting more, he didn't want things over too soon. Dammit he'd waited years for this, so what was a few minutes longer in comparison.
“I-I didn’t think it was necessary.”
The fear that Dean had witnessed in his Angel’s eyes the moment he had seen the Nephilim inside of him, was back and just as bright. “As long as he’s bearing, they will not hesitate.”
“Angels don’t have what you would consider romantic relationships,” Castiel replied, not showing any sign of the anxiety that was ripe in the hunter. “But the most accurate way to define us now would be 'mates'.”
“You said ‘he’ first,” Cas countered.
"Well, it's been a long day. I'm going to my room to listen to some music. Loudly, with headphones on, so I won't be able to hear anything." With that Sam strolled out of the room, an amused grin dominating his features. He threw a wave over his shoulder. "Night guys."
She was currently dripping blood onto the library floor from a wound on her palm. Self inflicted if the banishing sigil on the pillar beside her was anything to go by. So she knew about angels and was ready to get Castiel out of her way should he make an appearance. It confirmed what she had said about the Brits keeping an eye on their American counterparts, although when she had asked about Dean’s whereabouts she seemed to believe him when Sam had lied and claimed Dean had died taking out the darkness. So although she was informed, it wasn’t one-hundred percent up to date.
' Not that Dean's complaining.
“It’s safer for you if you don’t know,” Castiel responded immediately.
She turned and walked slowly away with a smirk on her smug face, while Dean’s rage induced cussing and useless banging on the cell divide, faded behind her.
He wondered how long he’s waited for. The minutes seem to be ticking by at a ludicrously slow pace, but he doesn't want to check, doesn’t want to look at anything, not his watch, not the test - definitely not the test. Even though he knows the only possible result is negative, he still didn't want to look. As if seeing it early could affect the outcome, which was obviously ridiculous, nothing could affect it, there was only one possible result.
There's so much that he wants to say, but the Angel's name seemed to be all that was left in his vocabulary.
As soon as he opens up his senses, his mind's eye is almost blinded by the brightness of Dean’s soul, but he had expected that and planned for it. Even from the outside Castiel had always seen the beautiful trueness, this close however with all of his senses open to it, it was almost painful. He quickly shuts down the part of his senses that can see the inner essences and reaches out, feeling for the changes that had already been made to Dean’s physical body instead. There, pressed up tight against the hunter's bowel was a womb. The womb that he had accidently found earlier, while trying to heal Dean from what he quickly had realized was actually morning sickness and not stomach flu or food poisoning that they both had assumed at the time.
?’ Cas might get tossed around, maybe have his clothes burnt, or get a bit singed, but he would live through it. ‘
This is my first venture into the world of supernatural fic and destiel, so any comments, opinions, thoughts etc are very very encouraged. It really does help keep me focused on getting next chapters up.
He yanked open the heavy metal door.
Up until the moment Dean had seen that bump himself with his own two eyes, there had always been an air of fantasy about it for him. A magical pregnancy given to him by an angel he’d loved in secret for longer than he can remember, giving him the family he’d never admitted he’d always wanted, but firmly believed he’d never have. It was too good to be true. But the appearance of physical proof made it all real. It wasn’t something he had seen in a photograph, or on a screen. It wasn’t being told, or reading off a test. It was something he could see and feel, from inside his own body. It wasn’t something he could dissociate from, or deny in anyway.
He felt the familiar warm tingling of Cas’ healing ability wash over him, though it ended abruptly, far too soon when Cas’ jerked his hand away suddenly as if burned.
All too soon, Castiel pulled back, his head jolting towards the door, as his brow furrowed.
“How long will it take,” Dean asked. It had been years since the fall already and the hunter hadn’t noticed a change in the strength of the Angel’s powers. “‘til you’re firing on all cylinders again?”
The ultrasound photograph of their baby.
“No,” Cas replied. “All Angels can sense the conception of a Nephilim. The serge of celestial power that happens when a Nephilim is conceived is felt by all, yet I sensed nothing at the time and nothing came across Angel radio. I suspect that the warding I placed on both your ribs has kept the Nephilim hidden. At least for now.”
“No. You were all there. Why would they remember any more than-”
...Or had their luck run dry?
Reluctantly he removed his lips from Cas' as he popped open the last button. Laying back to stare up at Cas propped over him, fists either side of his head. He let the white dress shirt fall open, revealing the Angel's impressive chest. Dean had learnt long ago that he enjoyed firm muscles just as much as soft curves, but with Cas... it was something new all together. His hands move almost on autopilot, discarding the shirt and then grasping over abs and pecs, feeling the muscles tense with his touch under smooth flawless skin.
“With us coming together, Amara only called up feelings that were already there... To create life, to go against your free will.” Castiel sagged in his seat, looking thoroughly worn out from trying to make sense of what the Angel knew to be impossible. “Whatever way I look at it, it doesn’t add up. It’s like there’s something we’re missing.”
Bright light swarmed the room and blinded Dean staggered back, arm raised to defend his eyes. He finds himself back in the corridor. No clue which door he was just in, no way to tell either.
Dean was starting to think that maybe Back to the Future would have been the safer choice of the two movies after all. Sure, he may have had to throw off some awkward looks from the other people in the theater if Cas had pointed out the similarities to their own experiences to the ones playing out on screen, but having Cas identifying to the Terminator of all characters Dean had never considered. He had never thought about the movie as anything more than an awesome action flick. So the idea that Cas would see a far deeper meaning to it Dean found endearing as much as it troubled him.
The Brits had been told to stick it where the sun didn't shine. Most hunters preferred to work alone. Those rare ones that did play nice with others, certainly weren't going to ask ‘How high?’ when told to jump.
“Right now?” Castiel smiled, as if the answer was the simplest thing in the world. “Nowhere. I’m enjoying our walk.”
With a deep sigh, he choked down the rising sadness, thumbed away an escaping tear and took up the cup, lifting it in toast to the slumbering, and too still Cas laid out beside him. “Here’s to all the times you’ve gone sneaking into my dreams.”
“Don’ go.”
Castiel raised his hands in mock surrender, falling silent - Though it was clear from his tight lipped, flexed jaw and narrowed eyes, that he was far from conceding the argument.
Castiel’s head dropped, his eyes closing as if in pain at the thought. “I run that risk either way. At least if I do this he’ll be alive.”
Since Dean’s first prayer, only one other had come through. The same as the first, it had been focused heavily on the details of the situation, describing the security measures of the compound and the warding surrounding it, as well as the effect the warding had had on Dean himself due to the nephilim. Dean’s insight had allowed Sam and Castiel to formulate a plan for his rescue, but the stoic tone to the prayers concerned Castiel more than any security measures would.
“Of course I did,” she tutted. “I wouldn’t come traipsing halfway across the country for nothing now would I? Don’t suppose you’re going to tell me what you need it for.”
He checked again, more thoroughly, silently mouthing along as he read. As he reached the end for the third time he held up the test for comparison to the two examples pictured, his eyes flitting back and forth unable to trust what he was seeing.
“I would offer you something to help with that,” Toni continued, “but Silverman wants you lucid for your procedure tomorrow.”
Just want to take the time to thank those who've taken the time to comment or support in anyway. These last two chapters have been very trying and without that support keeping me focused and driving me onward I don't know if I would have gotten through them.
Opinions will be greatly appreciated.
Dean’s stomach turned to lead and he tried to school his features into a neutral expression as what little was left of his color drained from his face. The bunker wasn’t the safehaven against the British Men of Letters that it was against the supernatural. They had effortlessly gotten in before. Sam and Cas would have a false sense of security, believing they were completely safe within the bunkers walls. They would be sitting ducks.
“Hey,” Dean whispered, ducking his head to catch his Angel’s downcast eyes and draw them to his own. There was something bothering him, something other than the grief of losing a friend. Something that was occupying the bulk of his angel’s thoughts.
Dean turned away. He wasn’t worthy of praise for something he had caused. “I fucked up, Cas. I was cleaning up my mess.”
“Guys?” Sam gave the doorframe a tentative tap, before he entered. “Guys, what’s going on?”
Worryingly most were crossed out.
“What? No!... no, it’s not that, it’s...” Dean broke off and sucked in a sharp breath. And dammit this conversation would be a lot easier if Cas wasn’t fixing him with a look like he was a puppy that had just been kicked. “Winchesters don’t get happy endings. Do you really want to get tied up with that crap?”
The almost jealous sounding tone to Cas’ words felt like a punch to the throat, leaving Dean’s mouth dry. He swallowed hard, to find his voice. “Just because you haven’t, doesn’t mean you can’t. You’re not a machine, Cas.”
Dean’s grin creeped up mischievously. “What? This pie?” he asked, feigning innocence. Taking up another piece, he placed it carefully on his tongue, making sure to hollow his cheeks as he sucked off the syrup that clung to his finger. Groaning loudly, he let his eyes drop closed.
Much love and thanks to all who have been supporting my first venture into the wonderful world of Destiel. As always thoughts are appreciated.
“He’s so angry,” Cas said hollowly through a tight throat, his eyes stuck on the spot where Dean had disappeared from their view.
“Some.”
“Sometimes,” Cas replied, the furlong look disappearing quicker than it had appeared, making Dean wonder if he’d actually seen it in the first or if it had just been his imagination.
“He went to retrieve Dean’s body,” Sam said, quickly giving weight to his previous lie. He made his face fall and voice catch as he spoke. Even with her keeping her distance she would clearly be able to see the mournful expression he managed. “He’s a hero. He saved the world...again. He deserves a decent burial.”
Feeling like maybe he'd perved over Cas long enough, or maybe too long, Dean turned to look him in the face.
“But I can’t see him!” Dean reason right back. “I’m just going off basic high-school biology here. With two X Y parents, chances are only one in three of us having a girl. I’m just playing the odds. But you - you can see it.”
He lets the silence continue for a few minutes, just hoping his presence is seen more as support than interference, or an irritation, before gingerly testing the waters. “Cas is beating himself up pretty badly over this.”
“Okay, shoot.”
“Kiddo’s growing so quick, Cas,” Sam stated, far from exaggerating. The hunter had been told that Nephilims grow at their own rate and Dean’s pregnancy had proven that more than once. There were no rules to the speed, it just happened as they needed it to. It had been a shock for the first-time Uncle when he had found a toddler in the crib, where he had left an infant the night before. “You’re missing so much.”
“Hmm,” Sam murmured in agreement, taking a casual swig from his own mug. “That’s because it’s decaf.”
“Nerds,” he muttered to himself, as he swung open the fridge door, scanning the contents for something palatable. Unable to decide whether attempting to get into the prickly pineapple would be worth the effort or should he just go with the far simpler chunky looking watermelon instead.
”I’ve never cried, Dean,” Cas whispered back sadly.
“He said it himself, Sam. He doesn’t want this... and I’m not going to let him sacrifice himself because of some ingrained need of his to protect everyone else apart from himself. I can relieve him of that burden.”
Cas dips his chin, his gaze focuses with intense concentration on their lower halves, he pulls back slowly, shifting his hips till he finds a new angle. When he's happy with their new position he brings their lips together again, kissing Dean deeply, as he curls his hips forward. Dean throws his head back, a loud gasp ripping from him, as a jolt of intense pleasure crashes unexpectedly through him like a bolt of raw lightning, causing his back to lerch off the bed without his consent. Mind Blown that Cas managed to find his prostate on his very first real thrust, but suspecting that he may have used his mojo to do just that. The subtle smug look Cas was suddenly sporting told Dean that had, in fact, been the case. '
“Yes, Dean,” Sam dropped his shoulders in frustration. “I mean specifically something that could have caused this!”
Two weeks had passed since Lady Bevell had been collected by other members of the British Men of Letters, claiming that their higher up weren’t best pleased with her interpretation of their orders to convince the Winchester's to work for them and give up names and locations of the other American hunters.
“You wanted to live up to your Fathers ideals and be the son he wanted you to be.”
“I get it,” Dean stated with a nod. Who was he to judge what length the angel would go to in a desperate moment. Or how hard it was to keep your head when your whole world had fallen in and collapsed in on itself. But he couldn’t let them fall victim to the same mistakes that had happened before them. They had to learn from the past. His mother had sold out. A noble and desperate act to save his dad, but it had led to the downfall of their whole family. He would not allow their baby to pray victim to similar circumstances, not while he still drew breath...and maybe not even after then. “We have to do better than our parents, Cas,” Dean told him forlornly. “....We just have to.”
Dean intended the kiss to be a gentle one for both their sakes. Despite his fierce resolve, he was highly aware that they were entering uncharted territory and it never hurt to be cautious. Sure his nerves seemed to have taken a road trip to some unknown distant location and his mind seemed to be short-circuiting like a faulty fuse box, but that didn't mean he was thoughtless.
When he'd seen Dean unexpectedly standing there in the men of letters bunker library, unscathed and very much still alive, that had been a tsunami of emotions; Joy, relief, confusion... bewildering confusion. All crashing in on Castiel in unfathomable intensity. He hadn't been able to grasp so much at once, so as he usually did in times such as these, he had just gone with instinct, knowing he would have time to figure out the reasons later... Only this time, he hadn't. The confusion had only grown as the evening progressed and the instinct, the pull had been unrelenting throughout.
In the center of the overly lit, too clean clinical looking room that Dean found himself in, Cas was laid back, strapped down to a surgical type chair. His wrists restrained tightly to the arms by solid looking metal cuffs.
Castiel’s brow drew in, offended and hurt becoming very prominent as he tried to catch Dean’s busy eyes. “Not understanding something doesn’t make it nonexistent, Dean. From the beginning I was...” The Angel took a sighing breath, wetting his lips. “I’ve always been drawn to you.”
But losing Dean had broken him.
The door got off lightly by comparison to what faced the rest of the room inside. Dean tore the room apart, a human tornado of pure rage. Smashing, kicking and throwing anything and everything that dared come close to him.
...Shit.
Cas looked at him like that was the last thing he had been expecting to hear come out of Dean's mouth and maybe it was. “You want to help?”
No one other than themselves, Sam and Claire knew about the nephilim Dean was carrying. His mate was perfectly safe in one of the most heavily warded places in the country, but he still hated that he wouldn’t be the one here with him.
“What’s going on?” Sam repeated, his eyes flitting back and forth between the two of them, in confusion.
“But I never said-” Dean stopped himself, questioning. Had he? He’d said a lot of things in the throes of passion, ‘yes’ could definitely have been one of the things that had slipped from his lips. But he hadn’t meant it like that. There was a big difference between ‘Yes, Cas, just there, like that’ and ‘Yes, I want you to give me your half Angel love child’. He hadn’t said ‘yes’  to - to that. How specific did this ‘yes’ have to be? Surely that should have been something that was mentioned before. Something that was desperately important and yet this is the first time he’s hearing about it! What the hell was Cas thinking? The implication made his temper flare red hot.
Castiel looked up at him with a look in his eyes Dean couldn’t quite place. “You have no idea how brightly your soul shines, Dean.” he said, the reverence in his voice so awe-filled it was almost worship. “... It’s blinding.”
“Like a preemptive strike?”
“Keeping them alive was never a priority.”
So, in the security of Dean's arms, Castiel broke down everything he had experienced in the last few hours, considering each change carefully and individually. Mentally picking apart every experience and the feeling he'd experienced with them.
“No,” Dean admitted sadly, believing he was starting to see Cas’ point.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean pulled his flannel aside. As much as he wanted to keep kissing his angel to his heart content, Cas had been parted from his child for far too long and Dean reasoned that it was only natural and even necessary for the angel to see with his own two eyes - or mojo - just how their nephilim was getting on in there.
“Can’t see why they’d know more than you do,” Dean interrupted again, as Sam's eyes widened with the news.
Thank you xXx
Lifting Dean’s nearest arm, Castiel brought it to his mouth and let his grace wash through his lips, healing each and every bruise with a gentle kiss. When each mark, from the lightest yellow to the deepest purple had been cleared from Dean’s inner arm, Castiel turned his attention to the man’s shoulder, repeating his thorough care.
He felt like a price jackass as he headed across the parking lot to the impala with Cas in tow. Felt worse still when he blares his music to eliminate any chance of their conversation continuing on the way home. Cas’ patient silence is the cherry on top of his guilt ridden sundae.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean?”
“...No...” Dean interrupted, sounding stunned and weak in his objection. His voice has no strength, no conviction. And after the deep gravelly explanation from Cas it sounded nothing more than childlike.
He felt as much as heard the “Good morning Dean” rumble through his back where it was so tightly pressed against his angel’s chest. Dean willed himself not to tense up. Cas’ tone may have been soft, gentle even, but Dean could almost feel the underlying anger hidden within, that had the angel close to vibrating next to him.
“Why?”
Castiel nodded quickly, forcing himself to hold Dean’s gaze and not to look away ashamedly. He had hoped that his part in the Seraph's and his child’s death would never need to be fully divulged. Preferring it to stay in a past with a self that he barely recognized anymore. But it would seem fate was not going to be on his side.
Dean's hand slides down and presses against the small of Cas' back, pushing their lower halves together closer. There's a solid confidence to Dean's tone, telling the Angel that, despite the nerves, Dean knows exactly what he wants. As if to prove it, Cas feels some of the tension slip away, as Dean forces himself to relax. The Angel's grip tightened on Dean's hip and curling his hips, he thrust forwards agonizingly slowly, pressing a firm gentle pressure steadily... until, there's a give.
“Brother?” One of the other two in the room with him scoffed, Dean identifying them both as Angel’s by Cas’ wording as well as the blades they both held, blades coated in Cas’ blood. “What are you?”
“Are you saying you could use your mojo in the bedroom?” Dean asked, unable to keep his excitement from showing in his voice. The multiple possibilities already running rampant through his mind, dragging his thoughts straight down to the gutter.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at the air quotes. The mask was well and truly off now that they were out of that room, and Dean’s dorky Angel was back in full swing.
His arm moved on autopilot as he slowly reached for it, taking it with slightly shaking fingers. If he’d been standing his legs would have given out, as it was, he felt like he had fainted while remaining awake. His vision tunneled, focused solely on the picture.
Cas gave a tiny half smile, his eyes gliding up to meet Dean’s, capturing him in a soft but holding stare.
All comments, question and queries are more than welcome. In fact they are appreciated as they keep me focused on getting chapters up quicker.
“Well, my soul may be, but I am not!” Dean retorted hotly, his patience with Cas fast waning. “I’m a dude and dudes can’t get pregnant!”
“You got it,” the waitress said, collecting their menus. “I’ll be right back with your drinks.” With another smile for Cas, this one joined by a wink, she left.
“It allows me to decipher them individually, but when I get many at once they get muddled and it’s very hard to understand, to pick each one from the mass.” Castiel continued to stir the paint as he spoke, holding up his hand to Dean when he finished, showing him the messy palm and fingers, coated in well mixed brown. “Can you see the yellow now, Dean?”
Castiel is torn. Tension is radiating off of Dean and bombarding the Angel's senses. Even if he wasn't as tuned into Dean as he was, he could feel the tightness of the hunters muscles. Dean was nervous, maybe as much as the Angel was himself, yet the longing, the need, the arousal was overpowering.
“Look, I’m sure one small cup isn’t going to hurt,” Sam said sympathetically, as he leaned forward over the table towards Dean. “The main concern is how limited your diet is. Fruit is high in natural sugars so you’ll probably be getting enough calories and most of your vitamins, some even have folate which is needed for fetal development, though I don’t know whether that would apply in the nephilims case, but you’re not going to be getting nearly enough protein and that can lead to a lot of problems.”
“Sort of?” Dean gripped out non-communicationally, hoping the discomfort in his voice would be enough to convince his brother not to go there.
Blowing out a steadying breath, Dean set to work, forcing his focus on Sam and what he was doing. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what was wrong with his Angel. That woman had shot him and moments later Cas’ mojo had failed. It was obviously not regular bullets she was using. They’d need to check them, but he couldn’t risk Sam bleeding out in the meantime. One thing at a time. He would deal with Cas once Sam was out of danger.
He kept his eyes closed, feigning sleep, so Sam would stop with the worriedly pitying looks, or at least Dean wouldn’t be able to see them, but in the blackness behind his close lids his mind swam, remembering when he had hung on to Cas’ coat once before.
She twisted, trying to keep Cas in her sights as he stalked around behind her, panic catching her breaths and jumping with a startled gasp when his hands suddenly clamped down hard on her shoulders, holding her in place.
Anyone hope everyone is doing better than I am with the end of spn.
“You’re not sick, Dean.” Cas told him, his eyes never leaving the road. He was sitting a little forward in the seat, stiffly. His whole body tensed, on edge.
It hadn’t taken him long to realize that it was futile. He was kidding himself. Any reminder of his angel wasn’t going to be soothing in that moment, it was only going to serve to remind him of the stabbing longing in his chest that he was trying, and not quite managing to push away from the front of his thoughts.
“It’s not possible,” he whispered to no one but himself in a shaking voice.
“It wasn’t there,” Dean stammered out. “It healed years ago. It came back after that night. I...” He’d forgotten all about it, and with everything that had been going on he had neglected to mention it to Cas as well, dismissing it as nothing more than an angelic hickey, a token of their time together.
If Sam was being honest with himself, saying to a gun toting stranger who had just broken into the bunker “we both know you’re not going to pull that trigger” probably wasn’t the smartest thing he’d ever done.
Sam gasped at the familiarity of the sight, remembering the pain of his own Angelic ‘cavity search’ when they had found out his soul was missing.
“You don’t understand, Sam,” Cas said, turning away, avoiding the human’s gaze, like he couldn’t face the sad honesty in the hunter’s expression, afraid it would break his resolve, shatter the fragile barrier he’d erected to protect him from what was threatening to tear at his heart.
Dean’s eyes flashed to his forearm, for a moment fearing the mark of Cain's return, but the area where the mark once resided was clear, empty and unblemished. Dean rubbed his hand against it and then checked the other, turning both his forearms over a few times, needed to be sure, until Castiel reached over and gently touched Dean high on his left shoulder, drawing his attention to the point of contact and Dean immediately knew what Cas meant, but he pulled up his sleeve anyway, revealing the faint almost invisible handprint. A faded memento of the handprint Cas had left on him when he pulled the hunter from hell.
"Cas?"
There was a long second of disbelieved silence, where Cas’ words hung heavy as lead in the air between them, before Dean laughed loudly, a dry cackle, a tad too forced, until the sickness threatening to make a reappearance forced him to stop.
Over the years those feelings had only developed deeper. Growing from a mere, yet strong and unexpected, attraction, to a friendship and onto something more profound. Yet Dean pushed them down, hiding it from everyone, including himself - Mostly. He tried to think of Cas as his brother, a brother in arms, but also family. But every now and then when he thought no one was looking, or when he found himself trapped in that soul piercing stare, or while being embraced like he was right now, like he was the most precious thing in the world, only then did he allow himself to indulge in the fantasy.
Castiel nodded, though it occurred to him that the younger brother wouldn’t be able to see it with his eyes as tightly closed as they were, so he quickly explained. “I had retreated into my head to give myself some time to think. I used to only do it while in heaven, but that’s no longer an option. In hindsight, I should probably have warned you both.”
Feelings towards Cas had started developing the first time Dean had laid eyes on the Angel. Even after all these years he could remember the moment in precise detail - The air heavy with raw power, as the worn out doors splintered inwards and Castiel has strode purposefully towards them, his eyes laser focused. The earthy smell of the old barn, sawdust, paint and rot, overpowered by the gunpowder from salt rounds from his and Bobby's shotguns. The sparks from the blown lights overhead that shone all the brighter as the shadows magnified, leaving spots in his vision. Mustering all of his strength he had driven Ruby's blade deep into the Angel's chest, leaving only the hilt sticking out. A deadly blow had Cas been human or demon and Dean was left staring dumbfounded in shocked realization when nothing had happened. Castiel hadn't cried out, screamed, gone up in flames, lightning hadn't flared under his skin lighting his skeleton. Nothing. Son of a bitch hadn't even flinched.
“We’ve been looking for hours. He’s -” Sam cut himself off as Dean turned a hard glare into a warning.
Days seemingly disappearing while he searched, time rushing past like it was taking the opportunity to keep Castiel and Dean parted as long as possible, all the while Dean was held captive and while the angel had no clue as to what precisely the pregnant man was being subjugated to, Dean’s deafening silence on the matter spoke volumes. Whatever was happening to Dean, Castiel knew it wasn’t pleasant.
“I’m not taking anyone's side,” Sam shot back, “but seriously, think about it. This is Cas we’re talking about.”
“But this, walking, with you,” Castiel glanced over, seeing the same emotion reflected back at him from Dean. “It makes me happy.”
“Dean?” Sam spoke up, after sharing a side-eyed questioning look with Castiel. “Are you saying that you wanna keep it?”
~ SGsVamp
He was having a baby, an actual living, breathing baby. A child, with Cas. It wasn’t just some Nephilim that was growing inside of him, it was a life that they had created, together. A baby half him and half Cas. He was going to be a Father, a Dad, they both were. They were going to be parents. This was life. Their baby, his and Castiel’s.
Cas was just far too good at that and he had to stop or this was going to be over far too quickly. Dammit did the Angel even have a gag reflex? “Oh God. Cas!”
Thank you xXx
“Wait there. Gimme a minute,” Dean called down over the railing, holding his hand up to halt Cas, causing the confused look to become all the more prominent. Dean lifted his index finger and his eyebrows, before turning away and leaving, the door slamming shut behind him.
“I can’t see that, Dean,” Cas stated, with a small almost apologetic shake of his head, as if not being able to confirm Dean’s belief for certain caused the angel stress. “I don’t know if it’s too early or if I even will be able to tell, but right now I have no more insight than you do.”
He was still staring at it when Dean returned, interloper free, a few minutes later.
Strong sure hands scoop under his naked thighs and the floor vanishes from beneath his feet as he's lifted, effortlessly. Startled, he grappled at the Angel's shoulders, but before he could get purchase he's thrown back, landing with a soft bounce, face up on the bed. Cas chases him up, crawling over him, until their lips collide again, wet, open and urgent.
He shook his head unable to finish either sentence. How could he explain that to Cas? How could he explain it in a way that would make Cas understand. “You’re a frigging Angel, Cas... I shouldn’t... You deserve better.”
“Anything in particular?”
“Why can’t the British just use English,” Dean grumbled, disinterestedly, his attention on his bowl.
The gentle rocking, the comforting purr of Baby’s engine and Dean’s overall exhaustion should have sent him off to sleep fairly quickly... but it didn’t.
“Do you realize how redundant that sounds, coming from you? Or have you forgotten the power you wielded, recently?”
Taking Cas' wrist, he tugs him closer, fumbling with the lid, before coating the Angel's fingers generously. "You have to open me up," he breathes, emphasizing each word carefully, "Start with one and work up."
Steeling himself, he leaned across the table, trying to seem more calm and collected than he actually felt.
They were getting close to where the GPS was telling them was Castiel’s location based on the information the angel had given them and Sam hoped that Dean would calm down enough before they arrived.
"And Amara?" The fear was lessened, replaced with a worry, that Dean was almost certain that no one but him would detect. So attuned to Cas that he was.
While Castiel had a perfectly reasoned argument, his intention pure in his need to find a way for Dean to survive, Sam completely understood where Dean’s anger (however misplaced it was) came from. Dean was scared.
! - compared to the intense feeling of being slowly filled, that's leaving him unsure whether he will push back and try to force Cas out of him or come untouched right there and then.
I should warn now about the cliffhangers ;P
Unfazed, Dean smiled to himself. It must be some residual Angel mojo left over from his mind walk. Or maybe the night before. After all he hadn’t just been touched by an Angel, he’d been fucked by one. Dean silently chuckled to himself, shaking his head, as the thought of an ‘angelic hickey’ crossed his mind. Snagging up his clothes in a bundle, he left.
“Your memories?” Sam parroted, sucking in sharply as Dean dug a little less gently than was probably necessary.
“I’m fine,” he replied gruffly. However the further raising of the Angel’s brow clearly showed he wasn’t being believed.
And would like to remind peeps that there really is going to be a happy ending. I 100% promise
Waiting was when the time that had been so determined to speed past, slowed down to a snail's pace. Highlighting the pain and longing from Dean’s absence all too brightly for the Angel. It was making him itch and angry. He was pretty sure the only reason he wasn’t at the British Men of Letters compound right that second, trying to tear through the warding to get to his mate, was because the rational side of his mind knew that would only serve to put Dean at greater risk and would also tip the British off that they were completely aware of their temporary base’s location and cost them their element of surprise in the long run. He had to force himself to remember and focus on that if they were to have any chance of getting Dean freed. It has to be one strike, one that the British would never see coming.
“Well, how about something a bit more subtle?” Dean reached towards where Cas had his hands tightly clasped together and prising them apart he gently took one in his own.
When his awareness flooded back to him, he was leant back against Cas’ chest. The angel having swivelled in his seat to hold him, his hands gently grasping at Dean’s hips and his chin resting lightly hooked over his shoulder, admiring the photo also with affectionately warm eyes and a smile to match.
As if psychic as well as psychopathic the woman demanded, “Where’s the Angel?”
"Come for me, Cas... Come with me," Dean urges, and as if he's held off for permission Cas' hips grinded in, deep and powerful, leaving Dean jarred into breathlessness and his eyes clamp shut against the pounding ecstasy that's forced into him as Cas hits that sweet spot with every forceful jerk of his hips and tips Dean over the edge.
A faint sob escaped him, as his hand clutched a little tighter. “...Don’t you worry.”
Castiel’s smile reached all the way up to his eyes. He twisted the stem, rolling it round in his fingers, looking truly touched by the sentiment and not knowing what to say.
Eleven days, five hours and twenty-six minutes, but at least there was hope on the horizon. An end in sight.
“What exactly did she say? Tell me everything!”
“I understand,” Castiel nodded, eagerly taking it with careful hands.
All Cas’ settling evaporated in an instant. Immediately jumping back to nervous defence. “No Dean, I’m not-”
The topper on the large bottle of whiskey got yanked off and a generous three fingers poured into a matching tumbler. Without a second thought it was pressed to his lips. But as he tossed the glass back he caught himself. Realization hit him, full force and he coughed the drink back into the glass.
“The Nephilim is having growth spurts,” Cas replied factually, his tone betrayed by his highly concerned expression, “and this is quite a jump.”
“He?” Dean questioned speedily, picking up on Cas’ wording like a bloodhound hot on the trail.
Sam eyes jumped fretfully between the pair of them. “Do they know?”
Failing that, he needed something to kill. Some evil ass he could vent all his anger, frustration out on. Something he could make hurt, that deserved to be hurt. Something he could stab a blade into until his rage bled out along with the monster's life. But he couldn’t do that either.
Cas leant forward in his seat, pulled in towards the screen he was fixated on, giving the movie his wrapped attention, his brow low in concentration.
“We have to do something, it’s Cas!” The guilty look on Dean’s face had morphed to one of desperation.
Dean gave his brother a wary side-eye, “Alright, Mr. Know-it-all, what do you suggest?”
Not lightly in the slightest.
From across the table, Sam frowned at him in annoyance. “Sorry, am I boring you?”
Dean's previous hesitancy all but gone, striving to keep up with Cas' enthusiasm. The Angel's mouth moving against his in near perfect symmetry, made Dean wonder if it was too soon to up the ante, when Cas beat him to it and the Angel's tongue slid effortlessly into his mouth, like it's always belonged there.
Dean didn’t bother to voice his thoughts. He didn’t even want to look at Castiel right now, much less talk to him.
to take the soul.
Running his hand up Cas’ arm in an appreciative gesture, Dean stepped through the new ‘doorway’ into what he would transform into their baby’s bedroom. Looking around the space he let his imagination picture how it would look when it was finished, decorated and furnished. He still had a lot of work to do before it was perfect, but it was a start. A good start and that eased his worry.
“-I don’t wanna hear you’re sorry,” Dean told him adamantly, dismissing the apology he knew was coming with a shake of his head and breaking eye contact, so he doesn’t have to see that wounded look. He immediately takes a deep calming breath, trying to control the threatening anger that’s bubbling back up inside him and push it down deep. He didn't want to snap. He promised Sam he’d hear Cas out. “I wanna know how this could have happened.”
“You got a bathroom here?” he asked, pocketing his change.
I would love to hear people's thought and opinions so far, it really helps to know how it's being viewed by the reader xXx
So he was capable of killing an innocent child, but would that include their child? His own child!
“Hmm,” Castiel hummed in dismissive agreement.
And to jack_hunter, whos insights continue to help fleshed out the whole story.
“Except our little guy,” Dean added in, the corner of his mouth lifting warmly.
“You were perfect, Dean.” Castiel replied sincerely. “You feel so deeply. It made trying to decipher everything so much clearer. There would have been no one better to guide me.”
But Castiel was enjoying the pie nonetheless, because watching Dean revel in every bite was a sight to behold.
“It means that you always shut people out, just like you’re doing right now.” Dean rolled his eyes and started his search back up. “You don’t have to deal with everything on your own. You can talk to me.”
However this man-made movie had proved to him that he had been mistaken. Humans may not have been able to understand, but if they could invent a character with similar attributes then they should be able to at least sympathize. It was heartwarming for Castiel to know that back then he could have gone to Dean, even if he hadn’t believed it at the time.
Another mute nod. This one less eager, more wary, more edged with guilt.
Sam chuckled, “Guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
That hope had died when the sun brightened, knowing Dean's death was the cause. The strongest emotions were obvious to him as he thought back over them; Sorrow, a shielded numbed sadness and a deep regret that he had never told the hunter just how much he meant to him, along with a small certain amount of what Castiel had assumed was pride. His charge, the Righteous Man, Dean Winchester had saved the world, but that spark had been short-lived when the certainty that he was never going to see the man again had set in. That had been painful... no, painful wasn't the right word, it was so much stronger than simple pain... it was... it was soul destroying grief.
Castiel’s brow drew in further, as if Dean’s insight was too far fetched for the Angel to believe. Hesitantly he glanced over his shoulder to the bar where their waitress was now fixing their drinks. She looked up, catching his eye.
Dean smiled as he left. He was happy for once and he wasn’t going to apologize for it, hide it, or worry about it.
Being inside Dean is a hot tight heat that is radiating through his whole being like a solar flare. It's making his muscles clench, his skin warm and flush, but it's not just his vessel affected. It's penetrating Castiel to a limit Dean shouldn't be able to touch and pushing his strained control to near breaking point. But the most taxing are the gasps and pleasured moans Dean's letting out which are looping back around, giving Castiel pleasure from knowing that he's giving Dean pleasure, in an ever increasing spiral and his heart feels like it will explode from the pure emotion flooding into him. The world has fallen away, there's nothing but Dean, his pure essence, his intoxicating scent, the feel of his sweat slicked skin, the flutter of firm muscles. It's all his own personal drug, one that he never wants to recover from. His control slips, head spins and he dives down in utter abandon, sinking deeper, harder.
As much as Castiel wanted to trust in the good he had seen in Rowena more recently, in the past the witch had proven herself power hungry and more than capable of double crossing others if there was something for her to gain. If she found out about the nephilim she may seek it for her own purposes, as there were many powerful spells that required a nephilim in some way. So it had been decided very early on that while Rowena was needed in sourcing the charm from the wiccan blackmarket, that was where her involvement would cease. Castiel wouldn’t risk endangering his child for one more ally, no matter how powerful that ally may be.
Castiel was so close that Dean could feel his annoyed huff breeze over his cheek. “Dean, this needs to stop! If you have changed your mind, or don’t want this, then you need to tell me,” Dean shakes his head in denial as Cas talks, but the Angel carries on regardless. “And as much as it may hurt, I will let you go, but if all this today was simply due to paranoid fears-”
“No,” Castiel said bluntly, returning to staring at the bar top.
He carried on before the silence could get awkward. “She’s Dean’s kid, Cas, through and through. He’s just as much a part of her as you are. And if you’d just spend some time together, you’d see just how much of Dean is still with us.”
Dean remained silent, his jaw tensing, not wanting to admit that Cas had a point. And it’s a point Dean hadn’t considered. He’d been so caught up in the possible ramifications that he hadn’t stopped to realize that neither of them were responsible.
Dean glanced over at the motionless Angel and then back to the younger Winchester, with a slight glimmer of hope in his eyes. “Could that work?”
, best night of his life. He would never regret it, not if he lived for a hundred, a thousand, a million years.
Dean kept his expression neutral as he closed the door, sealing their prisoner inside and muting her angered shouts of protest. Once hidden from her view he turned to Cas and his face broke into a tilted prideful smile.
Sam ran his fingers through his unwashed hair in frustration, before striding wearily back the short distance to the Impala. The cries got louder, drowning out the squeak of the car door as it opened, but he hesitated before getting in, looking over to Castiel hopefully.
Sam stared at his brother as though he had suddenly sprouted an extra head, or gone off his rocker, the latter of which he considered may be a real possibility. “Why?”
being unreasonable?! You’re the one who’s deluded enough to think that those douchebags will ever do anything to help!”
Dean shifted in his seat uncomfortably. “I doubt I’d be any help. I wasn’t conscious for most of it, and when I was I wasn’t exactly privy to any information. You probably already know more than I do.”
“Alright,” Cas said after a thoughtful pause. Dean moved around the bench, coming to stand behind the Angel as Cas started assembling what he needed in front of them both. All of which seemed to be small pots of paint. Not understanding what any of this meant Dean remained silent, watching what the Angel was doing closely from over his shoulder.
"Dean?" The concern in Cas' voice is unmistakable.
Nothing happened. She didn’t have time to realize her mistake, before she was an unconscious heap on the floor by Castiel’s feet.
And then there was Castiel. Though there was no denying the Angel had a strong liking for Dean, love even, but it had never seemed romantic. In fact Cas just seemed completely indifferent when it came to anything sexual. Seeing any rare opportunity that came the Angel’s way as a learning experience and never anything more.
But Dean had refused to leave.
There was baby powder
“You wanna try fish?” he asked hopefully.
“Shit.”
Propped up on one arm, Castiel watched the hunter below with wrapped attention. Fascinated by the reaction he was getting from the teased circling of his finger, while he made sure to spread the lubricant well. The Angel's body was thrumbing with undiluted desire. His hips seemed to have developed a will all of its own, reacting to the stimuli. His genitalia had swollen to the point where it was becoming painful and seemed to be leaking and was driving him to find friction. His breathing shallow, but quick, his skin flushed and his heart was pounding. And Dean's body was reacting in just the same way, except the hunter was also coated in a very fine layer of adrenaline scented sweat.
But Cas stills, his eyes flitting back and forth between his poised hand and Dean's face, looking just as nervously unsure as Dean is feeling, like he'd just been handed the keys to a million dollar Mercedes, or something far more precious - Baby, and was worried that he couldn't handle the responsibility, or doubting his ability to handle it.
Castiel’s hesidency to answer told Dean all he needed to know, even before the angel eventually spoke. “More than one,” he admitted sadly, his head bowing as if in confession. “You know about the most recent, of course. The one used in Metatron’s spell that caused the fall.”
His coming out to his brother hadn’t been the big deal that he had feared it would be. In fact it had barely been made any kind of deal at all. Sam had just accepted that he and Cas were now an item. He should have known ‘like father, like son’ wouldn’t have applied when it came to the youngest Winchester. Sam had been completely accepting of Cas and him becoming a couple. No judgement had been made, other than how long it took the pair of them to actually do it.
“The world wouldn’t have needed saving if it wasn’t for you two Neanderthals blundering into things without a clue.” Dean heard her smug reply to Sam.
Castiel tore his eyes off those lickable plush lips long enough to listen to what Dean was saying.
“-There was a treehouse?”
Dean scoffed, “You mean besides all of it?”
somehow, in a way he couldn’t put his finger on. If he hadn’t been in a state of hyper awareness, searching for any sign of movement, any sign of Cas, Dean probably wouldn’t have even noticed. He couldn’t even tell what it was that made it different, it just was.
He could see the dilemma play across Sam’s features. His resistance to going against his brother’s choice battling with the need to not lose Dean and Cas knew his own face was probably mirroring the emotions.
Always? Dean’s head jumped up in surprise, meeting the honest openness in his Angel’s eyes. “You never said anything.” The words left Dean’s lips before he even realized he’d spoken.
“Uh-huh,” Dean agreed through a wide yawn.
“That’s what has led you to believe that we weren’t acting on our own behalf?”
All Dean's will to hold back and go slow dissolves into simple hot driven desire. The delicious friction, the heat, the weight of Cas firmly pressing down into him, the pleasured moans pulled from the Angel with every roll of powerful hips, it was all building, adding to tightness in his stomach. His orgasm threateningly close. This was going to be over all too soon.
He set a timer on his watch for five minutes, double checked and then rearranges himself back in his pants, all while trying not to glance over to the test that is laying there, beckoning. He starts to wash his hands, scrubbing them forcefully, harder than necessary. The water is too hot, he was using too much soap, but it’s a much needed distraction. So he doesn't cool down the water, doesn’t stop scrubbing until his hands are red and he can't get them any cleaner. Still his eyes wanted to flit over to the test, so he forced them up to the mirror instead.
The calm that had started to settle was abruptly torn away, as Dean’s stomach turned to lead.
I know, I know another Cliffhanger. Sorry, not sorry. I'm not kidding when I say there will be lots.
"Don't do that," Cas said in a gentle request, pushing on Dean's chin to release his lower lip from being trapped in his teeth. "I want to hear you."
While Cas scrambled out of the rest of his clothing, Dean twisted on to his side, stretching to reach the drawer at the bedside. He rummaged around at the back, finally snagging the tube he's searching for he turns back to Cas, finding the Angel sat back on his haunches, unashamed in his nakedness. He swallows nervously at the sight of the hard member standing proudly against the Angel's stomach. Cas was large, not tyrannosaurus prick large, but certainly bigger than Dean expected considering the Angel's athletic frame and it wasn't the starter kit size that would be ideal for a first time in his virgin hole. But it was going to hurt regardless of size, right? And there was no way Dean was going to back out or let a little apprehension change his mind now. He had wanted this for far too long to let nerves stand in his way.
He waited for Cas to look up at him, his blue eyes shining wetly with remorse. “Look you can ride the train along this guilt trip you’re on all you like, but I ain’t buying a ticket.”
When their leisurely kisses became more lazy and uncoordinated, Castiel pulled back. Combing his fingers through Dean’s hair, encouraging his hunter to slip into a richly deserved sleep.
“Cas, will you let me take you out on your first date?”
“We’re going to be parents, Cas. Everything we do directly affects him... If you’d-” He couldn’t finish, didn’t want to voice what he had feared had become his reality. “...What would have happened to him, huh? He’s not even born yet and he’s got people poking at him to see how he ticks and heaven after him... I can’t do this without you.”
“It’s a blowjob, Cas.”
“Please. I don’t want this,” Cas was crying out, struggling against the binding that held him fast. “I want to remember!”
Curiosity got the better of him and he reached for the handle.
For the first time since creation he stopped counting the passing of time.
Dean would stay all night and probably all the next day if left to his own devices. He had already stayed and searched for longer than necessary. They’d combed through the site and the area surrounding multiple times.
Rowena eyed him critically for a long second, skepticism etched deep in her features, before eventually deciding that he was being truthful and reaching into her bag, pulled out a small pouch.
His grip on Cas’ collar tightened as he tugged, his eyes closing, until their lips came together.
“How long do you think it’ll take before they give up and go home?”
The Angel pauses, straightening his arms, he raises up so he can look into Dean's eyes. "More, Dean. I want all of it... with you."
“So you did this on purpose!” Dean shouted hotly, his chair skidding back, bouncing off the wall behind him as he jumped to his feet.
Cas’ eyes locked to Dean’s like he was seeing him for the first time, before lowering to stare at his stomach, his hand reaching for it, gently palming the fabric of his t-shirt.
“He’s not thinking clearly,” Castiel argued. “He doesn’t understand how dangerous this is and I don’t have the luxury of giving him the time.”
Dean scoffed. “That’s what I said. Good little soldier goes running back as soon as they call. Nevermind that they’ve treated him worse than garbage for years.”
“Do you miss flying?” It’s out of Dean’s mouth before he even thought about it and he internally kicks himself. Dammit, his brain was either love-drunk, or stuck on dumbass mode. Because of course Cas would miss it, it was stupid to ask. Flying was the natural thing for the Angel. He might as well have asked an amputee if he missed a limb. Dean’s eyes flick to Cas in time to see his face fall slightly.
Dammit, did Cas really want to have
“Dean,” Cas reached for him. “You can’t come. We have been lucky. The warding on your ribs seems to have hidden you from Heaven up to now, but the nephilim is so much stronger and I have no idea if that is still the case, and if it is for how much longer.”
With the sound of the brothers irregular footfalls dulling as they distanced themselves from the library leaving Castiel alone, the Angel crouched and plucked up the bullet Dean had just removed from Sam's thigh. Pinching it between his thumb and forefinger, the Seraph brought it to his face, rolling it around as he studied it closely. It was such a small, harmless looking thing. Usually so unthreatening for an Angel, but with his powers muted Castiel wondered if it was as innocent as it appeared. Wiping his thumb across the slug to clear the blood away, a sigil appeared beneath, scored onto the surface leaving a minimally indented edge.
“Can’t let you just sit there without buying anything.”
The minuscule nod of acceptance, Dean would have missed had he not been so focused entirely on Cas. “I will need to meet with them - The other angels that Benjamin called out to.”
There was only one intruder, as Cas had told him. Using his superior hearing the Angel had been able to fill Dean in on everything that was being said, while Dean had quickly thrown on the first shirt he had laid his hands on, not caring that it was inside out (Cas was dressed in a blink). The blonde woman was standing over Sam with her gun raised and trained on him. Too close for Dean to reach either of them before she could retaliate. They needed a distraction.
Dean looked up, meeting his Angel’s gaze for the first time since they had left the diner. “... But I want to. Because you’re worth it to me.”
Caught in the Angel’s gaze, Dean doubted he would be able to lie even if he wanted to. “No,” he said honestly. Because even if there were cosmic consequences he would never regret being able to physically show his Angel what he didn’t have the words for. It had been one of, if not
Cas sighed, his head dropping. “Losing control wouldn’t...” again, he shook his head, changing his mind on how to word it. “You know how powerful the human soul is, Dean. Touching it, even with grace would need to be an extremely delicate process. It’s not something that could be done accidentally. You’d be more likely to explode than conceive.”
Twenty minutes later, and with his belly appeased by his mango, coffee and shrimp breakfast, Dean stepped out of the warm spray of the shower, bristling at the shift in temperature. Quickly patting himself dry, he slung the towel around his hips...
Taken aback by Dean’s abrupt shift in attitude, Castiel’s arms dropped seemingly without thought, his annoyed frown and pout falling off his face just as quickly. Allowing himself to be pulled close to his hunters body, Cas falters for a second before regaining his composure. “What do you have in mind?”
“I wasn’t asleep,” Dean protested, trying to discreetly wipe the little drool from the side of his chin, doing his best to hide the action behind a swig of his morning coffee. Which is cold. Okay, maybe he had closed his eyes for longer than a second.
“Damn, Cas,” he exclaimed, flashing an impressed grin. “You were pretty badass in there.”
“It’s just as likely a theory as anything else,” Castiel replied.
Sam nods, silently agreeing with his brother's request. His scanned around the wreckage of the room, searching for somewhere to sit, settling for perching carefully on the edge of the upturned bed. He crossed his ankles and then his arms. Getting comfy because trying to talk to Dean when he’s wound up this tight was like trying to defuse a bomb when there was no instructions and all the wires were red. Eventually it will go off, but if Sam could use that explosion to his advantage he may just be able to get Dean moving forwards.
Still he was at least grateful that he had been out of it for that procedure, he hadn't been so lucky for some of the others. Dean’s sure by now he’s had enough blood taken to fill a small bath.
talk now? Here? Seriously? He glanced around the crowded diner, expecting to see all eyes on them. Not that they were. Everybody was too busy with their own food, or jobs to pay the two men any attention, but still this was too public for Dean’s liking. He had kept this side of him so hidden over the years, that it was second nature to him by now. There was no way he was ready to start an in depth discussion about their relationship in the middle of a crowded diner full of strangers.
The sounds of something wooden bearing the brunt of Dean’s bad mood reaches back to their ears. They wince as the cracks and bangs continue, echoing loudly through the bunkers tunnels.
Dean moans, though whether subconsciously or because Cas had unintentionally caused the human more pain he can’t be sure, but he sends out another wave of his grace to the human, making sure he stays unconscious throughout the procedure and feels as little pain as possible.
He had sensed the longing from the hunter from very early on, coming in constant waves, like a prayer, that were impossible to miss, but were possible to ignore. So ignore them he had. Always, because Dean did. Dean never commented or acted on those longings, so neither had Castiel. It didn't mean that he didn't feel them, reciprocate them even, but he'd learnt how to feel from the human, and also how to act accordingly with those feelings. So longing and want was something to be ignored. He understood. Or so he had thought. Before tonight.
Yet, to do so could mean he would have to watch Dean suffer and die.
“Nice to see you too,” Rowena replied sarcastically to Castiel's tortness, a small smile gracing her perfectly painted lips that matched the shade of the evening gown that stood out in the dank bar like a perfectly manicured sore thumb.
As gingerly as he can, he slowly reaches in, carefully cupping his fingers around the little ball of energy.
The room fell silent apart from Dean's panted breaths. He could almost feel the tense seconds tick by with every adrenaline fueled thump in his chest, every rush of air that was further drying his lips and parched throat.
He wrenched open one eye, peeking over to see what the problem was. Sam was leaning forward, his arm hooked under the seat where the ringing was now coming from.
Dean’s brow raised in surprise. He honestly hadn’t been expecting that. Judging by the look Cas wore, he wouldn’t expect to find out they were still flying below Heaven’s radar either, but somehow they were still safe, for now, yet Cas’ troubled look remained. “Anyone I know?” he asked tentatively, hiding his relief behind sympathy for his angel.
Castiel’s smile brightened.
Cas would state that it was him that had impregnated Dean with the child that had killed him. He had allowed Dean to bear his offspring and he, Castiel, had failed to be strong enough when Dean had needed him the most. Sam knew all this because he'd had the argument before and no matter what facts or counter-arguments Sam presented and pushed for on the Angel’s behalf, Cas just wouldn’t listen. Stubbornly refusing to be swayed from his self-inflicted guilt.
Sam grinned, despite Dean’s inappropriate teasing. If his brother was making light of the situation things were boding better than he had dared hope. “Well, I’ve pulled out what I can find that the men of letters have on Nephilims,” he told them, gesturing to the assortment of research material he had gathered together, starting to spread it out between them.
Sam wandered into the bunker’s kitchen fresh from his post-run shower, his lengthy hair pushed back to keep it away from his face while it dried. The coffee maker he had started before he left had finished purculating, leaving the room heavy in the morning beverage aroma. He had made a full pot in case Dean would be up, knowing it would most likely be his brother's first stop when he decided to grace the world with his presence. But so far neither his brother nor Castiel had emerged from Dean’s bedroom and the door had been closed when Sam had left and also when he passed after his shower.
“This is the simplest way I can think of to explain it to you,” Castiel told him as he worked, prizing the lids off with an old screwdriver. Once they were all opened he stood aside and gestured to the rainbow assortment before them both. “Find the yellow,” he said seriously.
Even without looking Dean could feel Cas analyzing gaze burn into the side of his head as he bowed over Cas’ chest. Wiping over the first hole, there was very little to no bleeding, so he decided to forgo the stitches and instead shifted to reach the second wound close by, trying to keep focus on his work.
Dean took a long, deep breath, to calm the rising nerves that were suddenly twisting in his stomach like a bucket of excited snakes.
Cas gave a small smile, that didn’t reach his eyes. “I was, and I didn’t,” he agreed, before shaking his head, “but it’s no excuse. Heaven feared them, and the power they held. I allowed myself to be used as a tool in their pursuit of a threat that was never likely to occur.”
His lids parting slightly, giving away only the smallest glimpse of blue edges around lust blown pupils. Deep inside the hunter saw something, almost hidden behind the need, the desperate drive. Cas is lost, completely overwhelmed. Which didn't make any sense. Cas had done this before. Okay not exactly
With a mournful sign, Dean gently took Cas’ cheek and turned the Angel’s head up to face him, dropping his hand when Cas’ eyes met his.
Cas gave him a critical look, pausing for a short moment, as if to consider the possibility...before rejecting it all together. “No.”
Dean slipped his free hand into his pocket, protecting it against the night chill that is nipping at his cheeks and ears, while his other is warm in Cas’ light grip. In no rush, he keeps his strides short and almost lazy. Enjoying the moment, the peace that only came when most of the world are tucked up in their homes and the closeness of the Angel amberling along beside him, their shoulders brushing on nearly every step.
He’d bled more times than he’d smiled.
With a breath of relief, Sam lowered his own weapon. Having used her distraction he had seized his chance to tug his gun from the back of his belt, his single shot had chipped away at the pillar, defacing the symbol and rendering it useless before her palm could slam ineffectively down upon it.
“Every night,” Cas stated, matter-of-factly. Briefly their eyes met, before Castiel dropped his eyes back down, his fingers tracing lightly over the inside of Dean’s arm. “And these?”
Everything had gone better than he had hoped. Apart from one small thing. He had pictured the date ending with them ravishing each other like a pair of horny teenagers, but it would appear luck as usual was not on his side. Seemed more than likely that the only one Dean was going to be embracing in the foreseeable future was the porcelain throne.
Dean laughed heartily, waiting for Sam to lower his hands. “Speaking of,” he leaned over the table, closer to his brother, keeping his voice low. “You’ll have the bunker to yourself tonight. I’m taking Cas out.”
"Cas?"
Cas did a good show of looking disappointed as he stepped back, coming to stand alongside Dean, his arms fisted by his side, all tense jawed and steely gazed, not dropping his ruthless Angel facade for one second.
And he couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen his brother looking this worried. “You're serious?”
was what you needed most.”
“That’s what I’m saying, Dean. There’s no way it should have.”
“Is this ‘cause of what happened last night? Is that what you're trying to figure out?” Dean asked, hoping he was wrong, knowing he was right.
“What’s a Schwarzenegger?”
He didn’t have the luxury of ignoring his basic needs. His baby needed him to take care of himself. But he didn’t want to leave. Because leaving meant giving up and accepting, without reason or explanation, that Cas was gone.
A curious head tilt tracked Dean’s movements as the hunter made his way up to the balcony by the front door of the bunker. Silently asking where Dean was going and whether or not the Angel should follow.
“You don’t think so?”
Sorry for the longer than usual delay in getting that chapter up, it was a son of a bitch to write.
“You keep one for the lab of course,” she added, glancing from Dean’s too stunned to speak face to his abdomen.
“Looks good in here,” Sam said. The large room had been mostly finished before he had left for the unnecessary hunt, but now Dean had added the finishing touches. There were rugs hiding the concrete floor and lamps with warm shades combating the dark room. He and Cas had clearly moved in and Dean had added little personal touches here and there, giving the room a very comfy, lived in vibe. “Homey.”
“So, not so dead after all,” Lady Bevell sat quiet and calmly, not showing an ounce of fear. Far too sureen for someone who’d been chained to a chair in a hidden dungeon in a secret bunker for two days. She showed no weaknesses and gave away nothing... Except that she’d obviously been trained in both sides of interrogation. Which both the hunters had already assumed would be the case.
“Slowly,” Cas grumbled, frowning at the offending document. “The doctor’s penmanship is atrocious.”
Dean grumbled and spat, trying to get rid of the acid taste that was lingering and grudgingly allowing himself to be eased back upright, wiping his mouth on his sleeve quickly to hide the evidence, wishing Cas had stayed in the car and hadn’t seen any of that. “Not gonna come running to you every time I get the stomach flu, Cas.”
“Safe to say you’re enjoying it,” Dean whispered with a smirk, as he slid back into his seat.
Dean twisted in his seat so he could tuck his shoulder in behind Cas and wrapped his arm around his Angel’s waist. Leaning in, he dropped a kiss on the Angel’s jaw, close enough to his ear so he could whisper and wouldn’t be overheard. “He’s not you, Cas.”
It was early morning - or late at night, depending on how he looked at it - when Sam pulled the hybrid into the bunker’s underground garage. He watched the warded entrance seal itself in the mirror as he shut off the engine and climbed out.
Luckily she seemed to be buying Sam’s cover story that Dean was dead and Cas was out looking for his body. That at least would give them the element of surprise. He’d been worried that Sam’s story was too far fetched to be believable. Not that Cas wouldn’t have gone looking for him, of course he would have, but they all knew that if the soul bomb had been used then there wouldn’t have been a body to recover.
“Usually that’s true,” Dean replied, “But T2 is the exception. It blows the first outta the water.”
Dean had contemplated taking Cas to somewhere fancy for his first date. Somewhere with waiters in black tie, where you had to book in advance and had more silverware on the table than he would know what to do with. But that just wasn’t his style. Dean was Roadhouse, not winebar material and he knew, right down in his gut, that Cas wouldn’t want him out of his comfort zone. His Angel would want the real human experience, without all the airs and graces, and to Cas humanity meant Dean Winchester.
Sam paused, his mouth dropping open as he stared at Dean in disbelief, not quite comprehending what his brother was implying. “You can’t seriously think that whatever's happening to Cas is your fault.”
Cas let out a primal moan as Dean’s words go through him, sounding more like a growl in its deep baseness so close to the hunters ear. He wants to, Dean can see that he does, he's holding on as if for dear life.
“Yes, I do. You need this, Castiel,” she stated matter-of-factly, as she leaned over the bound man, raising the buzzing silver drill in her hand.
The result was instant. Dean's back arched off the bed accompanied by a startled gasp that seemed like the hunter was trying to pull all the oxygen from the room in one breath. Castiel froze. He believed stimulating the prostate gland was meant to be pleasurable, but he had to be sure that the reaction Dean had given him wasn't one of pain.
Sam sighed, Cas just wasn’t getting it. Even with everything they’d experienced in their eventful lives Dean being pregnant was still an impossible pill to swallow. Sam doesn’t even think he’s fully processed it all himself, he’s just got something else to focus on. Namely getting his brother and Cas through the process of coping with this bombshell. But for Dean this must be so much harder to wrap his head around.
Not wanting to confuse his Angel, Dean bit back his response of ‘Governor of California’ opting instead to simply tell him, “He’s the dude who plays the Terminator.”
“How about fish?”
The more Dean thought about it the more he was convinced he was right. The things he’d said, that he never would have said before, never would have allowed himself to say before, as much as he may have wanted it, still wanted it, but he would have never said it. He would have held that secret to death. Yet, the night before he couldn’t hold it in. He knew he was poison, he knew he was cursed, he knew he’d lose everyone he dared to get close to, but at the time he had forgotten, he hadn’t cared... and now Cas was going to pay the price for that mistake, because making Cas pay would hurt Dean more than paying it himself. It was all his fault.
“I don’t know,” Castiel admitted after a moment of silence, “I’m trying to keep it as normal as possible for you.”
think of those things, the more he thought about all those things.
It had to be a spell, witches most likely. They should search the room, or the whole bunker for hex bags.
Since then Sam had thoughtfully taken to eating in his room, so the sights and smells wouldn’t travel to his brother’s oversensitive nose and upset the pregnant man now that he was finally able to keep down his meals.
there be any more surprises?”
Sam gave his brother a quick once over. For the most part Dean was usually alert shortly after waking. Probably one of the side effects of growing up in a protective role, feeling like he always had to sleep with one eye open. He had always been the last to fall asleep, the first to rise and always took the bed closest to the door. Even now, in the safety of the bunker, Dean’s bedroom was the closest to the entrance. He claimed it was because it was closer to the kitchen, but Sam knew otherwise. It was rather annoying really. Occasionally Dean would let himself sleep in, but it wasn’t the norm. Dean being this sluggish usually meant he was getting run down, or sick. “You okay?”
Oh this was far worse than Dean had first thought. He couldn't believe what he’s hearing. This could kill him? Probably will. But to terminate? Kill it before it’s even born? Before it even had a chance for life. Did Cas really just suggest that? His Angel? Surely not!
Castiel closed his eyes, reluctant to accept Dean’s reasoned argument, no matter how true it may be.
It wasn’t the same trench-coat as the one Cas had left behind after being obliterated by the leviathans. Cas had lost that first one at some point after the fall. Dean didn’t know when, or how, Cas had never told him and Dean had never asked. But the one being clung to like a toddler’s security blanket was not the original that he had transported from vehicle to vehicle, for weeks after weeks, because he had known deep, deep down in his gut that at some point he would get the chance to give it back to the angel.
“I’m an Angel of the lord.” Cas stammered out weakly. Whether it’s from the exhaustion, or the pain, Dean wasn’t sure, but as he stepped up close, he realized it was neither.
“Don’t you dare blame this on hormones!” Dean’s face was reddened with anger as he glared hotly at the angel. “Don’t. You. Dare!”
It's a whispered prayer from the lips of an Angel and Dean gasps out without thought, quickly shaking his head, to clear it, before he drifts away again.
Castiel slides his hand into Dean's hair, nails softly scraping his scalp until they fist in a strong but gentle hold. He didn't yank or tug, just held on. Needing a second physical connection to his hunter, one that isn't overwhelming him in pleasure so much that it’s making his toes curl and breath catch. A pleasure that feels like it’s crawling up his spine and making his body react in ways he isn’t in full control of. He needs it to stop, yet he needs it to continue. He needs more. He needs...
“Sammy got shot, you got shot, you lost your powers. How many more warnings are we gonna get?”
Despite Dr. Silvermans' nice guy routine and promises that he was only concerned with Dean’s and the baby's health, Dean hadn’t bought into the act for one second. He knew the Men of Letters had very archaic and basic views on the supernatural; Humans good, everything else bad. It was black and white to them, there was no gray area. They had no worries whether his and Cas’ baby lived or died. Hell, they’d probably prefer it didn’t. They only cared about the study of them both while they could. He wasn’t stupid, he knew this wasn’t going to end with them congratulating him on the birth of his child and sending him home with a fruit basket.
"Did I...?" Sam paused hesitantly. After all these years, would it be too much to hope for that, they had finally got their heads out of their respected asses and admitted to each other what was so abundantly clear to everyone else around them. "... Am I interrupting something?"
“Awesome,” Dean beamed right back, before dashed to where Baby was waiting and threw open the passenger door, holding it wide and gesturing for Cas to get inside. “Dinner and a movie? Dating Dean Winchester style.”
“You were talking about the thing with the thing,” Dean mumbles, circling his hand as if to wave the question away and move on.
“You’ve got my undivided now,” Dean said, feeling a lot more at ease now he wasn’t the main focus of the conversation. “Lay it on me.”
“We were magicked together, Cas,” Dean began his confession, letting his words flow freely, barely recognizing that Cas was arguing over him.
The first thing Dean saw was close up tanned skin that seemed to go on forever. The dips and rises of the Angel's abdomen and pectorals. Beautiful. Perfection. He traced his fingers over the Enochian tattoo below his ribs, curving round his left side, and - Damn how had he not noticed those impressively chiseled hip bones before? '
Cas’ frustrated sigh ghosted over Dean’s chest, leaving a speckling of goosebumps in its wake. “When I raised you from perdition, I believed you thought that you didn’t deserve to be saved... But I was wrong. You don’t think you deserve to be loved.”
Dean’s breaths and heartbeat became slower, calmer, as the hunter succumbed to the draw of slumber and once Castiel knew Dean was fully settled into sleep he carefully extracted his arm from beneath the hunters head, doing his best to not disturb him as he slid out from behind him. Dean grumbled again anyway, pulling his own arm up to pillow beneath him, replacing the one Cas’ departure had denied him.
As always please let me know your thoughts, or questions.
He felt a gentle kiss press to his forehead before the mattress shifted as Cas got up and out of the bed.
Breathless, Dean met Cas' concerned eyes. "Ah god. Do that again," he demanded, pushing his hips down, trying to drive those inexperienced yet surprisingly talented fingers deeper.
Cas pushed aside his own coffee, that he had no intention of drinking, laced his fingers together on the tabletop and let his inquisitive stare fall back on Dean, as he leaned forward in his seat. “Why did you refer to me as your friend?”
Staring down at himself, his hand slid down to cup his palm over the small swell.
The library was empty, no sign of Sam. Considering the late hour, Dean was not surprised. He had gotten back as quickly as he was able to find a car and jump it, but Chuck had dumped him off in the middle of buttfuck nowhere, so it had taken a while to get his bearings. It was disappointing, but not unexpected that there wasn't anyone there to welcome him home. Sam had clearly been busy though. The table was loaded full of research material that hadn't been there when they had left to face Amara. Many seemed to be open to pages depicting various accounts of resurrections. It would seem that despite the impossibility of changing it, Sam was not going to just accept Dean's presumed death.
“Four to four point five out of twenty-three?” Sam read out loud, rechecking the date of the entry. “That doesn’t make sense. Dean should have been just over three weeks at the most, right?”
“Yeah,” Dean smirked. “That was a good time.”
Castiel’s wide eyes darted about, like he was trying to observe everything in the restaurant that wasn’t their waitress, who was making her way back over to them, tray of drinks in hand.
Now really wasn’t the time for finger painting, but Dean remained quiet, giving the Angel a chance. Truth be told he was a little curious to what Cas was trying to explain, and he’d gone this far, might as well get the full story.
Dean takes Cas’ little grin as this time he is ‘inclined to agree’ and pulls the Angel into a fierce kiss. He’s sure no matter how many times this happens, he’ll never get used to kissing Castiel. There’s just something about the effect it has on the hunter. The way his heart wants to swoon and his body melt, the way his stomach jumps as if shocked and the tingle that runs through his skin. Despite the Angel’s lack of experience his lips seem to move and mold to the hunters as if they were made to fit his own, so perfectly.
As always please let me know what you think. Your comments and seeing it from a readers pov really do aid my telling of this story.
“It’s what they call a quarter-pounder in Paris.”
A short handful of seconds later Cas gave a couple of fluttered blinks, before his eyes turned soulfully to Dean’s and the hunter didn't think he’s ever seen the Angel look quite like that before, especially not while looking at him. There's sorrow there, and more than a touch of fear. “I’m-”
“It’s not like he hasn’t lied to us before,” Dean argued, though Sam noticed the shift in his tone. The anger hadn’t completely disappeared, but there was a hint of sadness now laced through what remained, which made Sam think that maybe Dean’s not fully believing what he’s saying. “How long was he paling around with Crowley behind our backs, and look how well that turned out.”
Castiel’s tone sounded very much like the end of a conversation and Dean took the opportunity to let his eyes wander around the diner for something to hold his attention, because he didn't want to get trapped in his own head right now. He just needed a distraction from his thoughts.
Cas’ hand slipped beneath Dean’s clothing, palming low on his abdomen, barely stilling before a warm tingly sensation seeped into him, as the angel’s eyes dropped closed, his brow furrowing in concentration.
“Okay, so we don’t know the how, or why, but we know the when. It happened on our first night together, you’re sure of that?”  Dean reasoned, wanting to find a silver lining for Cas. His Angel certainly looked like he needed to hear something positive right about now.
He couldn’t think about that now. He had a job to do. “Well whatever this is you need to snap out of it.”
Cas nodded through his panting, as Dean let go of his wrist and settled down onto the mattress.
“I told you, Sammy, I have no idea what any... of...” Dean’s voice faltered and silenced as he took in what his brother had turned over to show them.
“Making a doorway,” Dean replied as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
A soft gasp leaves the Angel's lips and he stills, eyes dropping closed, head lolling, as Dean reaches the spot just below his ear and Dean makes a mental note to return to that spot later, but for now there is so much more of his Angel to uncover and explore. He takes advantage of Cas' momentary distraction and pauses his tasting of Castiel's throat only to pull the tie over his head, before returning to that delicious skin, while his hands slip up around Cas' shoulders beneath his jacket trying to rid the Angel of two layers in one motion. But they bunch up below Cas shoulder blades, effectively trapping the Angel's elbow to his side and Cas had to back up to lose the clothes pinning his arms down.
Castiel was drowning in sensations. He had experienced the pleasures of the flesh once before, but the feelings flooding into him currently were so much stronger than they had been back then. He knew the act itself would be different as Dean was the same gender as his vessel, but he had assumed that that was where the differences would end. He had been so wrong.
The Angel’s grin matched his lovers. “I have a good teacher,” Castiel replied, sliding down next to him and pulling the blankets over them both.
Castiel waited a beat, giving Dean a chance to recognize what was so apparent to the angel.
With another ‘I’m fine’, ‘I’m great’ or other similes ready to jump from his lips, Dean stopped and reconsidered. He was ‘fine’, at least in the physical sense of the word, but it was abundantly clear that wasn’t what Cas was asking about. He’d been in his own head for the bulk of the day, too focused on his own doubts and concerns to think about how his behavior could be interpreted by his Angel and it’s clear from Cas’ expression that his troubled musings hadn’t gone unnoticed. He was left with really only one option, because Cas clearly wasn’t going to be swayed with any denial Dean could throw at him. Dean could claim to be okay till the cows came home, but his Angel wasn’t going to believe it and if anyone could out stubborn a Winchester it was the Angel currently waiting for an answer.
“Paranoid?” Dean scoffs, his eyes jumping up, hotly glaring at Castiel. “What makes you so sure-”
"No," Dean replied, too quickly for Sam to find believable. Even if he did, the far from subtle way Castiel jerked his head round to frown at him, clearly offended with Dean's denial, was a dead giveaway.
"Hey, okay, alright," Dean said dismissively, giving the Angel a gentle slap between his shoulders, signalling that the hug was over. Quickly pulling back he held Cas at arms length, before he could let their closeness cause him to get carried away any further.
Dean nodded Cas over, indicating that the pair should swap places so the Angel could see what they were up against also. She wasn’t facing them, but Dean couldn’t risk being seen in her peripheral vision if they came out now. That would put Sam in more danger. It was three against one, but Sam was wounded and he-
‘Cause he was pregnant.
Castiel let out a silent sigh of frustration and slid his drink in front of Rowena. Waiting patiently a whole three seconds before repeating, “did you bring it?”
But Dean was the only one there. Sam was still hunting down the satanic cult. However much Dean doubted his grief counselling skills, there was no other option for Cas available.
The face only grew more exaggerated the further down the list Sam went.
Dean chuckled, draping an arm over Cas’ shoulder so the Angel could snuggle into his side. “I hope you know you’re gonna be getting a ton of homework.”
This chapter was not playing fair and more than once I felt like throwing the laptop out the window. The words I wanted just got stuck and wouldn't come. But I had some incredibly encouraging comments that kept me fighting through the writers block. I had to re-write it about five times before I was happy with it, but finally I managed. So, I wanted to apologize for the delay and thank everyone following for their patience and kind words, which gave me the boast I needed. Thank you
“You kill Cas, you’ll kill the nephilim,” Dean stated in desperation, making it sound as truthful as possible. It was a complete fabrication, a long shot and he knew it, but it was the only bargaining chip he had to play. If she bought the lie, there was a chance. They wanted the nephilim alive, for now a least and maybe only for study, but they wanted it nonetheless.
The cell - that he had woken up in many times before - may have reeked of isolation and depression, with it’s cold metal walls, steel cot and fitted toilet facilities, but at least it wasn’t the doctor's lab. For the most part, the worst that had happened in there was boredom, with only his own troubled thoughts for company, while he recovered from whatever the Doctor had last put him through.
Neither of these Castiel’s responded to his shouts. None of them were real.
“Like this,” Castiel said, sliding the page he was reading from across the table for Sam to see clearly.
“They took blood,” Dean informed him and did his best to ignore what sounded suspiciously like a growl rumbling loudly from Cas’ chest. “Hey, easy Tiger. It’s not as bad as it looks.”
Sam wriggled as many of the topmost bags that he could carry free, tucked a flat plastic wrapped package under his arm and made his way inside. He would unload the rest once he’d had a coffee.
The low rumble of Dean’s beloved Impala was both music to his ears and a stab to his fractured heart. He knew Dean was no longer the one driving her, but for the briefest of moments, Castiel let himself imagine. The reality only made the loss more vivid.
Dean swallowed, and quickly launched into telling them both his plans for the nursery, that he had envisioned and begun making a reality before his kidnapping. Explaining about the room just beyond the wall that would make an ideal space for the baby, just adjacent from the larger room, which could serve as a more suitable bedroom now he was sharing with Cas.
“I’ve just spent two weeks being prodded, poked and probed,” Dean stated, jabbing an open hand into Cas’ sternum, while he glared hotly. “And the worst part of it by far was the time I just spent thinking you were...you were-”
Briefly, Dean wondered if Cas would see this as an invasion of his privacy. Not that Dean had much of a choice. Not keeping his feelings well enough hidden had caused this, whatever this was and he was going to do whatever it took to get his friend back... He hoped he would get his friend back, Dean panicked. Because what if Cas couldn’t forgive him, what if knowing what had happened made things too awkward between them to ever get over. “I’m sorry, Cas. I’m so sorry... I hope...I hope you can forgive me.”
Castiel was out of the bed in a heartbeat and already pulling on his shoes and reaching for his trench coat, before Dean could react.
“This is an opportunity.”
"Subtle, Sammy!" Dean shouts after him, hearing a chuckle float back to his ears as Sam disappeared down the corridor.
“We’re running out of time,” he said softly, in a scared whisper.
The bulk of the day Sam and Castiel spent going through Silverman’s records with increasing frustration. Cross referencing anything they found with the lore and trying to construct a timeline to give them a good point of reference.
Dean paused, a frown encroaching on his perplexed face. He leaned in. “Are you saying you identify with the terminator?”
Dean scrubbed his hand roughly down his cheeks, trying to rid himself of the thick stream of tears that were starting to cloud his vision.
Decision made, he pushed his fist forward, using his grace to phase his vessels hand and forearm into another plane so it could pass into Dean’s torso harmlessly, albeit painfully. Had the hunter not been asleep it would be excruciating. Even in his unconsciousness Dean’s face still twisted into a wince, and Cas sent out a silent apology as he pressed in past his wrist.
Cas backs his hips up slightly, slipping out with a soft hiss from Dean, rolling to the side, he collapses onto his back allowing the hunter to get up from under him.
.’ Dean wanted to scream at the pair of them, unable to believe how nonchalantly they were talking. They could have just as easily been discussing the weather. After everything he had seen in Cas’ memories he couldn’t make light of the horrors he’d witnessed, the mere thought tore up his insides. The unfazed way his brother and Angel spoke about it was grating his last nerve. Tensing his jaw, he threw a look of total annoyance at the wound, keeping quiet so he could concentrate on the task at hand.
Now Dean can really take his time. Slowing the kiss till Cas is groaning, while he plucks the buttons open one by one, letting the backs of his fingers play over Cas' firm chest and stomach, drinking in the feel of every new part of Cas' torso that's revealed on Dean's southern journey.
“You sure?” Sam pressed further. “You seem a little out of it.”
“I was a soldier, nephilim are outlawed,” the seraph explained. “We were taught how to end their lives, not sustain them.”
Lady Toni Bevell, from the British Men of Letters, she had claimed. She was quickly on the draw, so clearly comfortable and trained in handling firearms, but she hadn’t shot to kill. Choosing to lodge the bullet in his leg rather than a fatal shot to any major organs or head. That gave weight to her claim that the British Men of Letters were not here to kill him, but to take him in for questioning. They clearly needed him for some reason, although what that reason was exactly remained a mystery. If they wanted help they were going the wrong way about it.
Tugging Cas lower, Dean's open mouthed kisses follow just after, tasting and teasing. Cas' eyes rolled back in his skull, as Dean found and sucked a nipple between his teeth, feeling against his lips a groan rumbled through Cas' chest.
He was holding back. Muscles so tensed it looked like he was trying to hold the weight of the whole world on his shoulders. Teetering on the edge, afraid of what would happen if he fell. Completely undone. Lost in sensation. His hooded eyes, glazed and unfocused drifted to Dean's, lost and pleading. "It's... it's not like... I can't... I..." So desperate and need filled. His breathing coming in fast, uneven staggered pants, making the tendons in his throat stand out as he gasps and whines.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh come on, Dean,” Sam gasped out exasperated, “don’t treat me like I'm an idiot. I’ve known you guys are into each other for ages now.”
“No, that may raise a few questions,” the Angel replied absently.
“Oh yeah?” Dean cocked a cheeky eyebrow at him, “The chunks I just blew all over the side of the road back there would prove otherwise.”
“Okay,” Dean said, letting out a steadying breath, reassured that at least he wouldn’t be hurting his Angel while he was helping him. He held the skin taut in one hand so he could work the knife in and under.
SGsVamp xXx
“Okay.” Dean nodded in understanding. “So, it was a local call?”
He started the engine.
Dean chuckled deep in his throat. “Coming from the guy that used to teleport everywhere that’s not surprising.”
Cas' eyes shot up, meeting Deans in hopeful surprise, only to slam closed a second later after the hunters lips came to his for the second time.
Thunk.
Castiel's baffled expression made the corner of Dean’s mouth twitch up in amusement. “Why?” he droned out, as if the answer was so obvious that the question was redundant. “Have you looked in a mirror recently? Because you’re hot.”
His ‘hunt’ had ended abruptly, barely after dusk, when the Satanic cult he was investigating turned out to be nothing more than a group of teenagers (with too much eyeliner) getting drunk in the woods that had led to rumours spreading. Rather than paying for another night in the cheap motel (with the black mold growing in the bathroom, that Sam was quite sure was not healthy) he had decided to drive through the night to get back. But as he got to the outskirts of the town a large retail park had caught his eye, shining out in the dark of early evening like a beacon. He’d hastily pulled into the parking lot. The money he’d saved on the motel room would be much better spent on his nephew - Or niece, he had reminded himself. Although Dean was quite adamant that it was a boy he was carrying, Castiel could only ‘see’ the nephilim’s soul and grace and neither had a gender, so there was no way to tell for certain.  Either way it was a much better use of his spare cash and besides, how much stuff could a tiny baby need anyway?
Dean had known Cas to go over protective on him before, but this was ridiculous. It was only a bit of food poisoning, or a bug. Living most of his life on the road, surviving on truck stops and greasy diner food, Dean had had plenty in his time. Twenty four hours at the most and he’d be back to his usual self. There was really no need for Cas’ panic.
“Keep still!” she snapped at him, emotionlessly. “I’ve done this so many times, it’s like second nature to me, but one slip...”
"What are you talking about?” Dean objected. “No, it doesn't, it-"
Sam knew his brother needed someone to blame, someone to take his anger out on, but Sam firmly believed that this was nothing intentional on Castiel’s part. The Angel was just as freaked out about this as Dean was, he was just handling it differently. Cas was scared, scared for Dean. Dean was lashing out, but Sam understood why.
Dean mouth-shrugged, trying to make out like it was no big deal. “Smacked me around a bit, said some things.” He turned his head to stare out of the windshield, so he didn't have to see the look of pity on Cas’ face he knew without looking was there.  “After, he left on a hunt and I got arrested. I thought that he would come and bail me out, like he always did... But he didn’t. He said that I could rot in jail and I got sent to a home for troubled boys.”
Before he could verbalize his thought however, Cas continued. “Do you have anymore made-up reasons for torturing yourself, or are you done being a dumbass?”
Turned out - A lot!
So, with a heavy heart he dropped a kiss to Dean’s temple and silently slipped from the room.
“I could ask you the same question,” Cas replied accusingly, with a knowing raise of his eyebrows.
“Look if Cas said he didn’t do it... Could it be Amara?” Sam suggested. Dean’s eyes flicked up curiously. “She said she wanted to give you what you needed most, right? Well, what if that wasn’t just Cas. What if it was a family? A real family of your own.”
To Dean, waking up in a nest felt a lot like how he imagined having a full body massage, while lounging on a warm tropical beach would feel. As if during the night everybit of tension had ebbed away taking all the knots and kinks in his body with it. It was a gentle rise to wakefulness, a peaceful pull to the conscious.
“Oh yeah,” Dean quizzed, his interest peeking. He leaned closer. “Like what?”
Castiel ignored him, or didn’t hear him, Dean couldn’t tell which. Instead he continued to plead with the only other person in the room. Dean recognized the woman as she approached him, utterly unmoved by the Angel's terror. Dean had met the sardonic bitch before.
Cautiously, Castiel reached towards it, passing through the protective lining searching for the abomination growing within. He can already feel the Nephilim's power. Its grace fueled by the stolen part of Dean’s soul, heating up the inside of its womb a few degrees hotter than the rest of Dean’s natural core temperature. Even in its miniscule stature the power is intense. The changes it’s already made to Dean’s body frightening in such a short space of time.
His questing hand found firm, smooth warmth.
His hesitation he found ridiculous. He was going to speak with his brothers and sisters, that was all... and yet he couldn’t bring himself to leave.
“...and break his fucking jaw.”
The sun set and rose and set again. Days and nights passed. Still Castiel had lingered at the spot where Dean’s body had last been on Earth. He’d watched the fire turn him to ash and bit by bit, floated away on the wind, leaving the Angel alone and numb with loss. A shell of what they once were.
The filling was unsettling. It was too viscous a texture to find pleasing and the overly sweetened fruit was laced with preserving chemicals, which served to add yet another contrast to the already overabundant multitude of tastes assaulting his tongue. Thoroughly too much for an Angel who can taste each and every molecule.
“You need to come back home now.” Sam’s tone was soft but firm, weary from repeating that same line every day he’d come back, hoping this time he would be able break through to the Angel. However, the Angel remained silent, forcing Sam to continue.
But Dean could see all that was hidden beneath the angel’s anger and pleading out to him. Cas had been separated from his partner and unborn child, left unable to reach them. The guilt and helplessness Cas had experienced at the time, Dean had caught a glimpse of the night before.
On screen the Terminator looked down at the weeping John Connor. “I know now why you cry.” he said tonelessly. Reaching out to drag a metal fingertip down the teenagers cheek, following the path a tear had taken. “But it is something I can never do.”
The strength of the Angel's will-power caused a quiver of excitement to wash through the hunter and his muscles clamped down on Cas unintentionally, causing Cas to whimper into Dean's mouth wantonly, his grip on Dean's side tightened. Still his kiss remains soft and Dean can't help but get lost in it. Letting his body relax into it, focusing on the gentle way Cas' lips are moving over his and eventually his body stops rebelling against everything he wants. Cupping Cas' jaw, Dean thumbed across the stubble and he brings their foreheads together. "You can move, Cas. Just...go slow okay?"
“That's what’s fucking with your mojo?” Dean asked, peering over the Angel’s shoulder, sounding like he had already suspected that would be the case.
“What’s that?” Cas asked, letting Dean lead him away down the hallway towards the heart of the bunker.
Castiel’s first encounter had left him stripped of his powers, but Lady Bevell had only attempted to incapacitate him, or banish him. He knew he wouldn’t be afforded the same luxury again. They knew who he was and he wasn’t going to give them the chance to make precautions.
The gratification the hunter took from such a mundane task as fueling his body with sustenance is something Castiel had always found wondrous, but with pie it is truly something else, something nearly breathtaking. The way Dean’s lips curl around the mouthful, his jaw worked to chew and his throat bobs as he swallows, all with a smile of pure innocent joy. And the noises!... Castiel had to reel himself in, because the sounds Dean is making, the deep moaning of pleasure, is causing a physical reaction in his vessel. Especially when a droplet of red syrup escaped and the Angel barely managed to stop himself from leaning over to lick the substance from Dean’s lips himself.
He hated this. Hated having to leave. Hated that he was sneaking off in the dead of night. Hated that Dean’s subconscious already knew what the Angel was planning, when he hadn’t even done it yet. He wanted nothing more than to settle Dean back in his arms, nuzzle his sleeping mate, feel Dean relaxed against him and spend the night with his mate and child safely in his embrace.
“Sammy!” He gasped out, “I need your help. I-I broke Cas.”
Castiel took a moment to process what had transpired. If he was understanding correctly then Sam had gone out of his way to purchase new coffee (one without caffeine), switch the new for the old, drunk the new, without the caffeine (which the angel knew was the main reason the brothers consumed the bitter beverage), argued with Dean (so Dean wouldn’t suspect a change had been made), just to forfeit the argument, all so Dean could feel like he won something.
The first of which had come upon seeing Dean take hundreds of thousands of souls into his body, knowing the hunters life was on borrowed time from that point on. That had made Castiel's stomach and gut feel like they had tightened to the point of implosion and a stinging sensation had sprung in his eyes. But those were physical symptoms, the feelings however were stronger and much, much more painful.
He punches again and again. His hand going from chapped, to cut and bloody. The plaster cracked and splintered with the impacts, until his fist passed through it leaving a gaping hole to the room adjacent. Pulling his hand free, it came away caked in plaster dust.
Cas took a breath, deep but slow, as he watched the hunter’s knife working carefully into the second wound with rapped interest. “When I first started feeling it was...confusing. It was like a floodgate had been opened, one I had no idea how to close or understand or express. So I sort guidance from the only other Angel that I knew could empathize. Anna.”
“That was a risk?” Dean hollored, his face reddening by the second. “And you didn’t think to mention that to anyone?”
“We can’t wait, Sam.” Castiel told him. Nephilim grew into their powers, eventually becoming much stronger than the Angel that sired them and Castiel had no knowledge of when precisely that would be. He only knew that they grew at their own pace, so maybe there was no way of knowing. At the moment there was a good chance that he would only have to take back his grace, or heal the fragment of Dean’s soul, or crush the collection of cells, to save Dean’s life. If he could do this before it became a conscious life in its own right, there was a chance. But the longer the pregnancy was allowed to continue the less likely Castiel would be able to end it. “It has to be now, before it’s too late.”
“Oh,” he frowns. “Why?”
She takes a deep breath and releases it. “Yeah…” She blinks back her tears, looking up. “I just wish this was easier.”
does it, he doesn’t get shot with rock salt!”
“Julie, we don’t see anyone.”
time Cas died, Dean more or less tried to join him until Death herself had to step in. He understands why Sam’s worried, and he appreciates it, however annoying it is. But this time, he knows he has to carry this pain with him, because the very fucking least Cas deserves is for his sacrifice not to be in vain. He thought that acknowledging the truth would destroy him, but it turns out that right now it’s the only thing keeping him alive besides Sam. Cas loved him. And he loved him back. Still does.
“Sure, why not,” Dean snorts, “this day can’t get any fucking weirder.”
Dean tactfully doesn’t point out that ‘ghosts’ won’t actually help his case on that front. “Now usually at this point I’d be handing you a canister of salt and telling you to lay low for a bit. But the boys aren’t like any ghost we’ve seen.”
Rowena walks them through a series of spells, various blessings on them and their relationship and a curse on anyone that tries to come between them. Dean definitely shouldn’t have let Cas go first with his vows, because he blew past ‘single manly tear’ like ten minutes ago and he’d really like to keep it together enough to form full sentences. “Dean, I said all I needed to say the first time I told you the full depth of how much I love you.” Cas pauses, that moment still such a tender subject between them. The kind things Cas said about him are almost as difficult for Dean to think about as what happened next. He squeezes Dean's hand before grinning mischievously. “But I know you don’t listen very well so I’m going to paraphrase it again now.” Dean can’t help a chuckle escaping and joining their family’s laughter at his expense. “I’ve been captivated by you since the day we met, intrigued by the man so selfless and caring as to be called righteous yet who refused to believe he was worth saving. Even now I see the misplaced guilt you carry from surviving to the final battle with Chuck without me. Yet I have died for you, time and time again, willingly and without reservation, and I would gladly do so even now. And you still doubt you’re worth the effort, you who conquered a god and reared one yourself?
There’s really nothing they can do with this information besides wait it out and follow her only instruction, which they were going to do anyway, so they get things ready to confront Trevor. Flynn comes back in and says Julie wants to be alone for a bit, which Dean can totally respect. A few minutes later, he steps out to accept a call from Claire. He’d texted her when Cas showed up so she knows he’s at least not completely inaccessible for all eternity. He talks her down from driving out to meet them and decides now’s as good a time as any to tell her what she’d probably already guessed. She calls him an idiot and confesses the girls all had a bet going for how long it would take Dean to pull his head out of his ass and tell Cas how he feels. (Patience won, which evidently prompted considerable light-hearted debate about betting ethics. Dean sardonically points out that betting on his love life doesn’t exactly scream ‘ethical’ either.)
“Wha—” Sam balks. “How was I supposed to know they weren’t here!”
Rowena, trying not to burst out laughing, draws the grooms’ attention once more. “Well then, by the powers vested in me as Queen of Hell, and—” she gestures to the rainbow, “as Jack is my witness, I now pronounce you married. May none tear asunder what Heaven and Hell have blessed. You may kiss your husband.”
And that’s why he loves his little brother. He doesn’t even have to ask; he just knows it’s true. He also knows how much Dean would be beating himself up if he’d left Cas hanging—and let’s be real, it’s extremely likely he would have done just that. “Yeah, I said it.”
“Yeah, it’s what gave me the courage to go back in there.”
need you.” And that ‘I’—all the things it leaves unsaid but that resound as clear as day (I believe in you, I care about you, I want you in my life, I love you)—that ‘I’ makes all the difference.
Sam shakes his head and returns to the studio, wading through five surprised teenagers who were very clearly eavesdropping.
“Willie, listen to me,” Alex begs. “This isn’t you, okay? Don’t listen to him. We’ll find another way.”
“When we were playing the Orpheum. The guys were dealing with Caleb and I thought I was gonna have to play solo, so I ran into the alley and had a freakout. I umm…” she looks at her dad awkwardly. “I spoke to mom, or prayed or something, but I asked her for a sign. And two seconds later some lady walked by and handed me a dahlia.”
“I can’t— Sam, if I ask him and he says he can’t do it, then it’s over. The last thing I want to see right now is that look on Jack’s face when he tells me there’s nothing he can do. I don’t think I’m strong enough for that, not this time.”
“Oh believe me, that’s near the top of my list of questions.”
“Well for starters it’s where your dad is and we should probably get him out of there, don’t you think?”
“Fuck if I know,” Dean chuckles. “I’m not saying we get out of the life completely, as if that were even an option for us. I’m just saying… maybe we leave first string for the young blood.”
Carrie purses her lips in annoyance. “Why? They’re holograms.”
Reggie follows up on that train of thought. “Maybe she got sucked into the past and can only communicate through inanimate objects!”
“What?”
“The drummer.”
“No worries,” Dean replied in amusement. “Honestly that’s probably the most action I’m getting tonight.”
“That’s not true and you know it, he always liked you better.”
“You deserve someone just as loyal and just as brave. You deserve someone who sees everything you’ve done, the good, the bad, the ugly, and the just plain weird, and after all that, still loves you with all his heart.” His voice finally cracks and he sniffles with a “fuck!” Their audience laughs softly, but Cas doesn’t seem to be doing much better at keeping it in. Dean clears his throat dramatically with a smile and wipes his eyes with his shoulder (which is probably not good for a dry-clean only garment but that’s a problem for later). He lets out a deep breath and continues. “You deserve someone who isn’t afraid to love you as fiercely as you love him, who can swallow his pride and do whatever it takes to make you as happy as you’ve made him. I wanna be that man, Cas. Now I can’t promise I’ll succeed, but I can promise that I will try my damnedest to be that man for the rest of my days. Because I am so unbelievably and completely in love with you it’s not even funny, and I promise not to wait until the next apocalypse to remind you of that fact.”
“Then again mine kicked me out for being gay, so what do they know?”
“He gets reaped unless he can figure out his unfinished business.”
“High-powered ghost,” Sam steps in. “Runs a ghost nightclub for rich people and makes them visible.”
“What? Dean! Where are you going?”
“Oh Jesus, I forgot about that, talk about shit luck right? Uhhh wasn’t it something like The Sunrise Curve or whatever?”
And then suddenly it’s Dean’s turn. “Damn it, I knew I should have gone first!” He takes a moment to compose himself then gazes into the eyes of the best thing to happen to him since Sam was born. “Cas, you know I’m not good with words; half the time
“I don’t follow.”
I know it's tough
“Do you think it really was her?”
“But wouldn’t a reaper have pointed that out already? And you remember what happened with Bobby.”
“I know, I’ll be okay.”
It's just that my broken heart is my alibi
“Dude, I’m not trying to be a douche, I’m genuinely asking. Like, did you just assume I didn’t know because you never said the ‘b’ word out loud?” Dean’s face must give away that that’s exactly what he thought. “Oh my god, really? Is that why you’ve been so weird about this over the years??”
“I dunno, maybe, but if we play it too close to the vest, she’ll just give us the ‘Swedish hologram’ excuse and send us on our way. My hope is by pointing out they’ve been recognized she’ll realize the jig’ll be up sooner or later and come clean.”
Dean downs the rest of his beer and goes for another one, Sam calling after him. He was expecting this to be a production, but ironically he could have just skipped to the important part instead of explaining that him liking a guy isn’t out of nowhere. At least Sam doesn’t seem to care; he’s more freaking out because he thought they already
“I’m sorry, I misspoke,” Jack replies with infuriating calm. “I meant that if I came down here just to tell you he was out of the Empty, you would have demanded to see him—”
“What do you mean?”
“You mean like I’d seen a ghost?”
Julie takes a deep breath and lets it out when he pulls her into a hug. “Thanks.” They stand there long enough that Dean feels awkward watching it so he goes over to the couch the ghosts have just vacated and takes a seat. “So,” Julie calls as she heads over to the piano, the boys donning their instruments in preparation. “What’re we playing for him?”
“Yeah, they seem to be getting stronger. We can hug every once in a while and they’ve been bumping into things. They don’t disappear as quickly either.”
Heart
alright, full disclosure, this is where the story starts to go off the rails, but in my defense, does it make any less sense than canon?
“Okay, I’m… gonna process that in the car ride over. Julie, Ray, would one of you mind making the introductions?”
“Yeah,” Dean responded half-heartedly. He latched onto something Jimmy had said. “Hey, do you know whatever happened to the other guy?”
Sam gets a text, and the uncontrollable smile on his face tells Dean exactly who it is. “Sooo, you and Eileen finally worked it out, huh?”
Dean looks at Julie in disbelief. “You… you have Trevor Wilson’s number?”
“Yes, of course, agents, I’ll be right with you. So sorry to cut this short, Nick, but I have to go. See you tomorrow!”
The bizarre sensation snaps him out of the kiss and he pulls back abruptly, rubbing his mouth along the sleeve of his jacket. “Dude, what the fuck?”
“Then we either keep our mouths shut or convince them to give up music.”
this conversation. Which… explains a lot actually. He sits back down and pops the cap on a fresh beer, Sam raising an unamused eyebrow at him. He takes a sip and decides to rip off the band-aid. “Cas told me he loves me.”
Dean shrugs. “I dunno, they’ve always had good chemistry and the way Reggie looks at him sometimes, I just assumed there was something there.”
“Yeah.”
“I’ll try.”
“Now Willie,” Caleb croons. “I can make everything go back to normal for you, okay? All you have to do is destroy Alex.”
Julie runs over to Nick, who’s unconscious. “What’d you do to him??”
“And this has nothing to do with you angling for a friendly face behind the scythe in addition to having Heaven and Hell wrapped around your fingers.”
He tried not to think too hard about it and continued on, stepping in closer. “I mean, I don’t give a shit if you’re gay or not, you seem like a cool dude, and if you really want these guys to get off your back, maybe we could fuck with them for a bit.”
“Cas? He’s here?!”
“Yeah,” she says shakily but with conviction. “It is.”
“Love you too, Cas.”
Jack releases him with an infectious grin Dean can’t help but mirror. He places his hands on Dean’s temples again and concentrates. The process feels not unlike when Michael took up residence, but the power seems to be emanating from every molecule of every cell, not a separate presence arriving in his body. In a flash, he feels his grace coursing through his veins and his wings on his back. He opens his eyes and the world looks different. Well, the Empty’s still empty, but Jack takes on colors and shapes Dean can’t begin to describe. The Shadow is even more horrifying behind the form it has adopted. And Cas—
“Do I have to?”
him. But Dean has always needed him; his value to the man has always been what he can bring to a fight, what purpose he can serve in Team Free Will’s mission to save the world. Even in Purgatory when Dean didn’t
“Well shit… I’m glad you got there eventually, congrats, man! Although gotta say, you guys aren’t really the best at laying low. I mean, honestly, how long did you expect to do this before someone recognized you?”
“We’re reapers now,” answers Luke. “Which is awesome but also requires some things of us.”
“Sure do, ma’am, starting with how you know our names.”
“Oh. Right. Well, clearly it never would have worked out anyway, I mean I’d say being in the veil for a quarter century is a little too far for long distance. Seriously, I’m happy for you.”
“Cas? Oh he’s not there, he’s already in Heaven.”
Dean summons the strength to look Jack in the eyes. “I do.”
Suddenly, three teenage boys poof into frame, complete with equipment. Dean is mildly impressed for about two seconds before his breath hitches. He can’t take his eyes off the drummer, a familiar face that has no business being in a 2020s hologram on a shaky YouTube feed looking not a day over 17. “No fucking way,” he whispered.
It’s the buzzing that breaks him. He just needed a minute to process so he could force this down like he always does, but when he sees Sam’s name come through on his phone he knows he can’t ignore things this time. There’s no easy way to explain what just happened, especially when Dean
About a year after Sam left for Stanford, Dean drove out to Palo Alto just to check up on him for a bit. He didn’t dare alert him to his presence; he just needed to know his baby brother was alive and well. Having done that, he found himself driving south into Los Angeles for a case Bobby asked him to tackle as a personal favor, something about a cursed prop on a movie set. His contact couldn’t meet until the morning though, so he had an evening to kill.
-death?”
“He’ll be there, Dean,” Sam assures him as they get out of the car. “He’s not gonna miss two of his dads getting hitched, we raised him better than that.” The inside of the tailor’s shop is cozy, with sharply dressed mannequins and a giant circular platform to the side around which are a couple couches. The store is empty except for its proprietor, who looks up at the sound of the door opening.
The fact they can all see her is strange enough, but the part that really unnerves Dean is when Carlos runs up to her and squeezes her tight. They can touch her. The boy realizes the implications soon after and looks up at her with an awed “Mom?”
“Nah, date went bust, but I figured I had nothing better to do so I stuck around. Glad I did, you guys were seriously awesome.”
Sam looks up with an idea. “What if he’s both?”
He hopes not, for her sake. “It’s too early to tell,” Sam responds diplomatically. “But if she is a ghost, or something else, we’ll help her too.”
“I know,” Sam sniffles, the tears he’d been dutifully holding in finally falling. He clears his throat to cover it up. “So this is goodbye, then?”
“I didn’t resent you, I was jealous!”
His brother smiles, simultaneously genuinely excited and smug. “And you said nothing fancy.”
Harry Chapin
If falling is what it takes for Dean to toss his arm around his shoulder like this, to laugh with this most carefree of smiles, to look at him like he’s the best thing to happen to him all day, then so be it.
“Perhaps,” she considers. “It’s a heavy burden though. But I guess I don’t have to tell you that.”
“Wow, homophobic much,” Dean taunts. Sam sputters next to him, then slouches with his arms across his chest when Dean side-eyes him in triumph. He snickers to himself the entire last quarter-mile.
“We’re hunters. Now, how about you tell us the truth about your band.”
“Cas!” He calls, sprinting towards the dot in the distance. As he approaches, Castiel turns around in confusion, then elation, then anger.
“So?” Julien looks at him quizzically like he truly doesn’t see the connection. “Neither am I, it’s a re-enactment not a come-on.”
He puts the guitar back on its stand. “Not really, we were just trying to see if we could make the guys visible without you.”
And I'm happy not knowing
“Oh, shit, good call,” Dean agreed, turning to Alex. “Stay here, beautiful, I’ll be right back.”
“Wait, so if he’s back, why didn’t he come find us on Earth?”
“What band?”
“Are you sure?” Jack confirms, walking up to face Dean.
Dean nods without taking his eyes off the road. Finally, he remembers his earlier promise to himself. “Love you too, bitch.”
“Sorry,” Sam clarifies, “our Bobby. Bobby Singer, he was, umm, a father figure for us, and when he died he became a ghost but it didn’t exactly work out for him.” A silence asserts itself for a moment before Sam continues. “But that could have been a self-fulfilling prophecy, I mean what about Kevin? He seems pretty with it every time we see him.”
The scandalized look of disbelief Sam shoots him is well worth the mortifying ordeal of being known like this. He sputters for several seconds, face rapidly cycling between disgust, horror, amazement, and vindication. “Wh… di… you…?!” Dean lets out a self-satisfied laugh and steps out of the car. Sam sits back in his seat, rubbing his hand across his face. “On second thought, I think I liked it better when I only needed brain bleach for the googly eyes.”
Yet “
“I don’t understand.”
Dean doesn’t actually wait for Cas to move, instead he rushes up to him and pulls him into an unyielding embrace. Cas moves his arm to return the hug, and Dean sobs out the breath that has been stuck in his lungs since the Empty whisked him off to Turbo Hell for Fruity Angels. He doesn’t even attempt to move for several minutes, just allows the steady thrum of Castiel’s lifeforce to ground him in the reality that he really is safe in his arms. The relief floods out of him faster than any shame can take hold.
“We’re playing the Orpheum! Like,
“Pshyeah good luck with that. I don’t know if you heard but there’s a new god in town—”
“Oh you’ve got to be kidding meeee,” the reaper grouses. “Of course, it
He still remembered them every once in a while: smiled at the memory of hanging out with them, got off to the memory of what he and Alex got up to that night, wondered what Bobby was doing now or if he was even still alive, marveled at the absurdity of their story. But he never really had occasion to think about them in too much depth. That is, until he saw their ghosts on the internet.
Dean turns around with a menacing smirk. Ever since Bobby told him, he’s been waiting for this moment, waiting to tell Cas just what he thinks of his confession. “Castiel.”
“We were just discussing Julie’s band,” Trevor explains somewhat tensely, understandably considering how Carrie stiffens at the answer.
“Hey,” Dean booms. “One at a time please! Look it’s an absurdly long story, but Spark Notes version, Sammy and I coparented him when Cas and his mom died, and then Cas came back from the dead so the three of us raised him, and then some bullsh-crap happened and Jack exploded but he’s got powers now so yeah.” He figures it isn’t wise to tell them they're technically in the presence of God; there’s only so much new information you can process at once. “But definitely not a ghost.”
“Well, there’s only one way to find out.”
“If your book has changed?” She turns to face him with a look of sympathy that confirms Dean’s suspicions. “I’m sorry, Dean. Your fate was sealed with the closure of Chuck’s.”
You always got the right words at the wrong time
“So you’re saying,” Dean countered, “that if I really wanted to, I could be red too, maybe steal your trademark?”
Only want me when I'm leaving you
“Alright, alright, everyone put your pants back on. This here is our son Jack. Jack, I’m pretty sure you know everyone already given your… position.”
Sam decides to tackle that one. “Sorry about the deception, sir, but I think under the circumstances you can see why it was necessary.”
“Well I’m not.” Dean leans back far enough that he can look Cas in the eyes. “You really thought you were the only one feeling this? Do you have any fucking idea what it does to me every time you leave? Every time
“Julie,” he murmurs, “I don’t like the idea of you talking to the cops alone.”
His hands reach for mine
is not safe here. So Cas does what he has to: he leaves.
This wasn’t like the other goodbyes. They’ve all done so many iterations of the deathbed speech by this point it’s almost predictable but this time... Cas knows Dean better than anyone except Sam, which means he knows exactly which things scare Dean the most to hear.
“We’re pretty confident you’ll like this one,” Trevor winks.
. “Besides, uh… I’m kinda spoken for.”
“Julie!” Ray chastises in shock.
He can’t actually be certain the rest of the band isn’t lurking, and anyway Sam doesn’t need the satisfaction of being right yet again (it’s not Dean’s fault everyone in this band was almost unfairly gorgeous). “Shut up.”
“What the fuck,” Trevor whispers to himself.
still alive, good to know.”
“Sorry about that,” Trevor begins. “Where were we?”
“I like where this is headed,” he smirks.
“He’s a family friend,” Ray explains. “He and Julie’s mother were close.”
I'm happy not knowing
“Julie,” Sam points out gently, “you told your dad you
“I’ll take it,” Dean decides without hesitation. “If you can get me there, I’ll figure out the rest.”
“Because I know for a fact those boys are dead.”
Alex starts to write but decides to lead with
He’s certain he misheard, hoping against hope that maybe, just maybe… but he knows in his heart he heard what he wanted to hear. Right? Not that it matters, the Empty’s coming whether Dean loves him back or not. And even if he did really say it, it suddenly occurs to Cas that he probably feels obligated to say that given that he’s about to die for him.
Crowley tsked and went back to his drink. “Well if you’re going to be a prick about it, I won’t bother telling you.”
She slams her palm in the center of the working and suddenly Dean can move, coughing as his vocal cords regain mobility. Willie starts, seeming much more lucid. Caleb stops, impressed. “I must say, I didn’t think you had it in you. No matter. You’ll soon be joining the others in oblivion.”
“Or Caleb,” Julie contributes.
“Among other things—when it was the three of us we mostly did ghosts, demons, werewolves, urban legends, the occasional shapeshifter, and then after I got back from Hell suddenly it was angels and time travel and God’s sister and a bunch of other bullshit.”
“Because those aren’t holograms.”
Reggie nods adamantly. “I kinda wish we got like a reaper orientation instead of just having the knowledge directly implanted into our incorporeal skulls. Talk about whiplash.”
in the next 24 hours, then I’m coming up
know what this was about. Did they tell you about what happened?”
“Huh, well that’s convenient.”
The incessant buzzing finally breaks him out of his spiraling thoughts and reminds him of the problem at hand. Cas wouldn’t want him to wallow, and certainly not to give up. The best way to honor Cas’s sacrifice is to fight for the life he saved. He picks up the phone. “Hey Sammy,” he answers, ignoring how his voice breaks. “Yeah I’m okay, where are you?”
Sam turns to the at-this-point-probably-not-ghosts. “What else can you guys tell me about the room?”
He rolls his eyes but lets Sam guide him. “Sammy, I already have a suit.”
“‘Lifers’, cute… I don’t get the big deal, plenty of ghosts can’t appear to humans.”
“Depends, do you happen to know any mome rath binding spells?”
After his near-miss, Dean decided it was time to retire. Sam and Eileen had already made the same call for themselves. They didn’t have plot armor from Chuck anymore, or Jack for that matter, and he wasn’t gonna get Cas back only to lose him again now. Charlie and Stevie came over one day to set them up with new identities so they could get real jobs—and so they didn’t get banned from every hospital for 100 miles. They wanted to use their actual names for once, though obviously ‘Winchester’ would be a little too truthful for a legal document seeing as they’re supposed to be dead. Because she’s basically their little sister, and as a thank you for everything she (and original Charlie) had done for them, Dean and Sam decided to go with Bradbury as their last name. Cas wanted to join in on that train, but ended up being dissuaded, because:
Dean looks to Julie, who nods. “Yeah,” she huffs out. “I’m good. So what’s our next step? Her note says the boys need to finish their business, should we call Trevor?”
“Ha,” Dean guffaws, “yeah, well usually that takes the form of murderous revenge. Get any urges like that?”
After Sam gets to Heaven—and it really did feel like no time at all—they sit side-by-side in the Impala and drive back to the Roadhouse, catching up on each others’ (after)lives.
Dean tries to keep him distracted while Sam continues. “You sure about that?”
“Well I’m here,” Dean retorts defiantly. “And I’m staying, and if you think I’m annoying now you’re gonna hate having me keep you awake for eternity, so either kick us both out or put us to bed.”
“How touching,” the Shadow replies dryly. “Are you done? Because Castiel is staying and you’re not an angel, and just because you used to be a demon doesn’t mean you can stake a claim here.”
“Uhuh,” Sam deadpans before settling into one of the couches. “I’ll be over here if you need me.”
Sam stills, and Dean’s amused to note that he’s trying very hard to look like Dean’s revelation isn’t shocking to him when he very clearly wasn’t expecting it. “Oh.” He shapes his lips into several words that don’t end up being voiced before finally deciding on: “wow, okay, this is finally happening.”
“Twice, and I know what I saw, man.”
Alex looks at him disparagingly. “Pretty sure that’s not it.”
“It’s not about how much time you have, it’s what you do with it,” Julie echoes forlornly.
The boy put the drinks down, or tried to, but Alex grabbed the water out of his hand before it even hit the table. Dean couldn’t blame him, he was looking a little sweaty, not that he minded in the least. “Look who I found at the bar.”
“When I died I ended up in… I guess we’re calling it the Empty? Then suddenly I fell to Earth and landed in the house while everyone was out. I don’t know what exactly brought me here but it was also the day you got kicked out of the music program so I figure it has something to do with that. As I was getting used to my powers I was able to follow Ray to one of his shoots, which was right by the Hollywood Ghost Club. I remembered Caleb and realized I needed to keep a low profile or he’d try to rope me in.
“I don’t think they’re ghosts.”
“All right then!” Dean extracts his angel blade with a flourish. “Now this is gonna hurt, but after this the only thing that can kill you is the scythe.”
He hesitates there for a couple more moments, then kisses her forehead and walks away with another glare. Julie steps outside and closes the door behind her.
he loves these things while he still can. He can’t even remember the last time he told Sam he loves him; that’s got to change. He’s not there yet, but he will be soon.
“Cool, uhhh, could you put your headphones on while you do it? And don’t come knocking unless you see Baby pull up.”
“Do you have a better idea?”
Sam smiles at him, then quietly he confesses: “I think I’m gonna ask her to marry me.”
Jack clearly knows exactly what the answer is, but he only tells them just enough to get them on the right track. “It works better this way,” he assures them. “And you could use the distraction.” He confirms that the band was indeed in the Empty, and that that is not standard protocol for ghosts. A new Death has yet to be assigned but any reaper would be able to tell them what they need to know. “Do NOT,” he warns them, looking squarely at Dean, “attempt to contact the reapers the way you normally do, I beg you.”
Sam laughs, looking out the passenger window. “Maybe hold off on the farewell party until she says yes.”
Dean spies a guitar in the corner. Guess it’s up to him. “Fine. For science.”
He has the decency to look apologetic. “Sorry, I’m just confused, that’s like decade-old news, what’s your po—”
Dean feels the corners of his mouth inch slowly higher as the news sinks in. His little brother’s getting married. And not to Becky under the influence of some spell, actually legitimately happily married. “Dude. Seriously? That’s awesome man!” He pulls him into a tight hug. “Hell yeah… Mr. and Mrs. Badass!”
“He’s right,” Sam jumps in with his patented sympathy face. “The plan always goes sideways.” Dean tries to avoid thinking about the last time he heard that sentiment. “But you got the job done and saved the day. We’re proud of you.”
I'll turn your love away 'cause I want to sleep at night
“WHOA, you can hear me??”
Dean pushes away the memory. “Nope.” He parks in front of the only tailor in Lebanon and cuts Baby’s engine. “But I didn’t expect to. If he shows, he shows. If not, well… he’s a busy kid.”
