"THAT'S IT!"
"Cas, what happened?"
/He didn't. I got him, and I think we have an understanding./
"Hello, Tony!" He laughed. No, that was not a pang of jealousy he felt as Loki smiled again at the girl.
/What do you mean?/ Maxy signed.
"I can assure that I am nothing worth worrying about. I just simply cannot handle situations appropriately, as I have been told countless times. You may all go now. It was nice to meet you, but I must leave. Don't blame the boy, he doesn't know what he did. I just can't handle this all. I came here to get away and yet he still follows like I'm worth his time and I can't deal with it, okay. Let go of me, JJ."
"Right sorry, that was rude."
"Listen, JJ, I know you try to help but sometimes-"
As the period was ending, JJ whispered in his ear, ”I don’t know what you did Stark, but he didn't even bring a book with him this morning. "
It's why she was surprised that Loki had even suggested the idea. He had pulled her back to the dorm and somehow convinced her to be her natural gender for only one night. The intention had been purely for self-gratification: knowing that she could be both genders, even for one night, and still pull the wool over the entire school's eyes.
"Well, I was going to ask the littlest Odinson but he seems to have actually captured Stark's attention for the moment. I'm requesting you engage in a relationship with me. Y'know, I think we work well with each other," he leered, and it made Gabriel shiver. He gulped, trying to regain his senses.
"You shut up about Castiel!"
Gean gave him a squeeze before climbing back up to her bed.
He offered his hand out, and Loki slowly reached up and took it, "Thank you very much," he said softly, trying to find his voice, "I'm Loki Odinson."
"Misters Watson and Harrison. If you would be so kind as to pay attention."
Bruce Banner- Sophomore
"I know, Mycroft."
"Brucey!" Tony called when he knocked on the open door. "Come on in!"
"Yes, he is entertaining enough to keep around, but we require your assistance, Cry."
"PROBLEMS?" JJ raged out, an unmistakably Jack hair-gel bottle in hand, "Dean's /problem/ is that the little shit doesn't appreciate that I'm trying not to get him expelled! I've dealt with Fury before, that man eats a shitload of nails for breakfast."
"That's so strange, I usually can't do anything without Sherlock knowing."
"Well, I've got to get  off to Culinary, see ya, Fallen."
"I really am sorry about the other day. I didn't realize how much of a jerk I was until Sherlock pointed it out to me."
JJ shrugged and rolled off the couch in a very feline manner. Now that Loki got a good look at him, JJ was shorter than himself with the bluest eyes he had seen. JJ nodded his head in the direction of the door.
"Oh, trust me, I've heard all about you, Kirk. I was quite fond of the tale of when JJ punched you in the face for being an ass."
"Oh right. Umm.... see you..... around?" That was a parting right? Right. Sherlock stalked off to his room, he had thinking to do, and needed cigarettes.
Loki merely grumbled in reply.
“G’night,” Tony stood up to walk back to his own room, being hit with a wave of exhaustion. He hadn’t realized how tired he was as the hours of conversation passed by. Either that or he didn't really care.
The room was loud with the sound of their silence, each breathe was amplified in volume, as they said nothing but enjoyed each other's company. Greg leaned into his partner's space, pressing their lips together softly.
"Where's-"
"Um...Yeah..." Strangers were not his forte, and this one was tall and overwhelming. He looked as if he was someone who, though albeit more interesting, would associate with...
Does John think Sherlock would consider spending time with him a hardship?
And he realizes it’s a strange comparison to make, but somehow, he doesn’t think even that can compare to the buzzing he feels under his skin and down to his bones in this very instant. He and Sherlock are keeping a respectable distance, sitting on opposite sides of the backseat, no parts of their bodies even close to touching, and yet he thinks he’s never been more aware of a few inches of empty space. He doesn’t know what to do with his hands. Well, that’s entirely false, he knows exactly, and most precisely what he
John turns over to Sherlock, but he’s looking the other way. John looks over Sherlock’s shoulder and notices another tall man head over in their direction with a predatory look on his face aimed at Sherlock.
He goes in slowly this time, giving Sherlock enough time to pull away if this isn’t what he wants.
Sherlock notices John’s shoulders square up, his attention focusing. Ah, so John wishes to do well. So far, his performance in the class has been passable, but nothing extraordinary, making today’s potion important to him.
“Sherlock!” John calls after him, practically has to shout to be heard over the loud base of the music, but Sherlock doesn’t turn back or slow his pace, just keeps walking briskly towards the exit.
instincts, John hastily corrects – kick in as he notices Sherlock shove a younger man who stumbles back into his group of friends. Not good. The man standing in front of Sherlock raises his fist, his body taking on a fighting stance, ready to throw a punch at any second. John jumps up from his seat and heads in Sherlock’s direction. He has no idea how Sherlock does it, not with so much alcohol coursing through his veins, but he manages to move back quickly enough to dodge the punch, and the man who took the swing goes crashing down into a nearby table.
Special thanks again to Becca and Chels for being the best Betas and cheerleaders! This fic might not have happened without you.
Would John be willing to go on nightly, potentially dangerous escapades with him? Perhaps next time he’d extend an invitation. The thought of it alone has something akin to panic – or was it excitement? – rising in his chest.
Shit. He needs to back off… pull himself together. Sherlock doesn’t seem inclined to move away, content to stay in John’s arms but John wonders if it’s just the alcohol wearing down, leaving him drowsy, his body heavier than usual. John slowly pulls away, reluctantly letting his hand fall away from Sherlock’s waist and pressing the other to Sherlock’s shoulder to hold up his weight when he moves back, as John’s chest won’t be there to support him. He squeezes Sherlock’s shoulder, lets his hands trail down his upper back for slightly longer than strictly appropriate but he can’t bring himself to regret it.
“That was fantastic.” Something warm pulses in Sherlock’s stomach at John’s praise and though he would usually be tempted to boast, he finds himself shrugging sheepishly.
“What the hell, Watson?” He shouts, reaching into his own pockets for his wand but John is quicker.
thing to say.
And some kind of madness has started to evolve
“I just didn’t think you’d…” John trails off because, well, Sherlock is very clearly interested in sex, John apparently just had no idea up until an hour ago. “Didn’t think you’d be prepared,” he finishes off lamely and Sherlock looks away, averting his eyes and shit, no he didn’t mean-
“Just that you’re brilliant, everyone knows that.” He says it so matter-of-factly, like it’s something so common someone would say or think, it feels like John has physically struck him. Sure, Sherlock knows he’s brilliant, but no one else seems to think so or acknowledge it: mostly they think he’s an annoying wanker who likes to show off.
John nods, smiling lightly at the words and, oh-
“Can’t, I’ve got to go study for Potions.” John makes a sharp turn to the right, purposefully evading Greg, and again, technically it’s not a lie, it’s just not the whole truth either, because the feeling taking flight in John’s stomach has nothing to do with practicing potions and all to do with the person he’s meeting. As far as John’s concerned, the fact that he isn’t doing great in Potions and that Sherlock is a genius at it just so happens to be perfectly convenient, a great excuse for them to meet up without people asking too many questions.
“You go first,” John insists. He’d expected Sherlock to be tentative, maybe even reluctant to receive a gift for some reason, but he surprises John once again, tearing at the giftwrap with childlike eagerness. It makes John grin and wonder if Sherlock got many gifts as a child. He’s a bit nervous, unsure as to how Sherlock will react to what he got him. He knows Sherlock comes from a pureblood family, it’s never been something John gave much thought to, but he suddenly wonders whether Sherlock would appreciate the nature of his gift.
him to be surprised by the statement: Sherlock doesn’t thank anyone, for anything, ever. But he just thanked John and his insides are taking that as an excuse to execute all kinds of somersaults.
He loves Sherlock. He’s never felt the way he does about any other human being than what he does for Sherlock. Sure, he’s anticipated and been quite eager to have sex before, but nothing like this, never like he’s on the verge of shedding his skin or like his heart might actually give out if he doesn’t get to touch Sherlock in the next five minutes. It’s agonizing, sweet, excruciating torture.
“Bedroom,” he manages to choke out, between kisses to Sherlock’s jaw and neck. “We should-”
“Works for me,” John says as they reach the top of the stairs. “So, see you Thursday, then?”
It breaks John out of his trance and he finally looks down, his eyes landing straight on Sherlock’s hard length, solid and alluring, and John doesn’t wait a second longer, he inches forward and touches his tongue to the underside of Sherlock’s tip. He licks his way up, feels the wet fluid of Sherlock’s pre-come coating his tongue and Sherlock moans above him, his entire body going rigid against the door as he struggles to retain his composure.
Color rises to Sherlock’s cheeks again, though this time having nothing to do with being held upside down and John finds himself smiling at him. “I just observe,” he answers, brushing it off. They stand there for a few seconds, just looking at each other and John just can’t seem to look away, finds himself frozen in place, and inexplicably suddenly desperate to unravel every mystery behind the wizard that is Sherlock Holmes. John’s eyes drift down to Sherlock’s mouth, his upper lip curved in a perfect bow and thinks how it might be interesting to taste it.
to notice, with his dark, curly hair, pale skin and sharp cheekbones. Right now, though, it’s Sherlock’s piercing, light blue eyes, which have apparently struck John mute; he’s transfixed, completely lost in the depth of his striking gaze and all words seem to evaporate from his brain.
“Ours,” John clarifies, but the other man doesn’t seem convinced. How is he supposed to get them out of this one?
He quickly spots Sherlock’s tall, lanky figure a few feet away and his protective instincts – no, his
“John,” Sherlock calls out his name, and John swivels on the spot, turning back to face him again, taking note of the fact that Sherlock is still looking at him and hasn’t moved since John has walked away. “Thank you.”
“Nope,” Sherlock counters, popping the ‘p’ at the end of the word. “There’s one last pub on this street.”
“I wanted to,” he explains, and John smiles remembering the first time Sherlock had offered to help John with Potions. They walk over towards the tree, John sitting on the floor next to the box with his name written neatly on it and he sets the present he brought next to Sherlock, who sits cross-legged in front of him.
They scurry the rest of the way down and crouch against the thick stones of Hagrid’s home, Sherlock peering through the window. “You’ll have to distract Fang,” Sherlock instructs. “If you can get him to bark at the front door, Hagrid should be distracted enough, I should have time to sneak in through the back.”
John feels Sherlock stiffen for a second, but his eyes quickly fall shut and then he’s kissing John back, tentatively at first though John is having none of it. Fueled by the fire burning inside him, John nips at Sherlock’s bottom lip, pulling it into his mouth and sucking, and
jealous – when he’s the one getting married. “I don’t want them to make you uncomfortable,” he says instead, looking down to avoid seeing Sherlock’s reaction.
John grins and chooses that moment to spin around the corner, his wand ready, pointing it right at Donovan who he knows is a better witch than Anderson and shouts “
stag night… Because they should be getting married… to each other.
It turns out Greg is right, when John asks him about it that night, Sherlock confirms that both his parents and his brother work for the Ministry of Magic and that the holidays are an incredibly busy time for them. Sherlock doesn’t see the utility in going home to an empty house when he could stay at Hogwarts and continue his Potions experiments. When John tells him he’ll also be staying, Sherlock seems surprised (John relishes the moment, as it’s rare he can manage to intentionally surprise Sherlock) and rather pleased. John couldn’t be more thrilled. No matter what, spending two whole weeks with Sherlock with practically no one around will be fantastic.
The cool air and short walk to get to the pub sobers him up a bit, and he feels just pleasantly buzzed by the time they make it to the entrance.
They stay like that for a while, sweaty and tangled up, just breathing each other in. When the haze of pleasure starts to lift, John doesn’t panic, but the worry starts to set in. What is Sherlock thinking? Did he really mean it about
“John, why are approximately two thirds of the men here half naked?” He inquires, still looking far too puzzled and it takes everything John has not to burst out laughing at how astoundingly clueless Sherlock can be sometimes. God, he really is truly oblivious to the most obvious things. Or perhaps Sherlock just has a blind spot when it comes to anything concerning sex, having very few (if any?) experiences in that particular domain. Sherlock is a very hands-on learner, that much has always been obvious. He always makes full use of his senses when they inspect any crime scene, bending down to be eye level with the corpse, smelling any and all evidence, sometimes going so far as to taste it. And sex is… well there are very little experiences less hands on than sex, are there? And if Sherlock has never… Has he? John has always been curious.
But this, what he’s seeing now as the men on stage touch each other – this is about pleasure. It’s raw desire, attraction, and deliberate seduction. And John quickly finds himself entranced by it, can’t seem to pull his eyes away from the visual display of mutual want. The fact that there are no women involved doesn’t bother him at all.
John revels in it, loves how close he is to making Sherlock lose all control and he’ll be damned if he doesn’t succeed in doing just that. His hands move up to brace Sherlock’s hips against the door and he takes the glans in his mouth, tongue swirling and then he sucks until Sherlock’s hips buck against his hands and he groans out John’s name.
most probably end up calling off his shift at the hospital: he doesn’t like to leave Sherlock to work alone on a case.
Sherlock finally stops walking, his eyes defiant when he turns back to look at John. “Home, I thought that was fairly obvious.” John knows he’s using that patronising tone with him to avoid talking about whatever happened inside and tries his best not to let it get to him.
At least his evaluations in Transfiguration, Charms, Herbology, and Defense Against the Dark Arts have been promising so far. If he can manage to bring up his Potions grades, then he’d have all he needs to become a Healer.
When their laughter dies off, John shifts his weight up onto his elbows, looking down at Sherlock.
John considers making Sherlock wait a few minutes more before putting him out of his misery, as Sherlock certainly doesn’t enjoy not knowing anything, but he gives in, too tempted by the idea of telling Sherlock something he can’t figure out himself.
“You’ve got to stir counter-clockwise as well,” Sherlock tells John just as he was about to put in the next ingredient, missing a crucial step. Why does he want to help John? Helping others is complete unlike him, he doesn’t bother with others, least of all if he thinks they needed his help.
It all suddenly leads John to the deduction that Sherlock wants
He hasn’t even made it to his full height yet before Sherlock’s mouth is on his, kissing him roughly, apparently not caring one bit about tasting himself on John’s tongue. John moans into the kiss, reaching up to tangle his fingers in Sherlock’s thick, messy curls, and god, there’s
“Yeah,” Sherlock answers, though not necessarily aimed at John and spins on the spot, clearly still looking to pick a fight as he points a long, slim index finger in the general direction of the younger man he shoved back. “Ashtray,” he declares, his words slurring, body swaying a bit. “I know ashtray.” John hastily moves forward again before he can do any more damage, breaching the distance between them to shove Sherlock past the door so they hopefully make it out of there unscathed.
Sherlock turns to meet his gaze, a bit puzzled. “I’d say we’re even,” he counters. If anything, Sherlock thinks he might still be in John’s debt, his helping John for one potion surely couldn’t compare to what John did to help him when Anderson and Donovan had jinxed him.
Sherlock’s pupils are shot, eyes so dark John can barely see any of the remarkable shade of blue that never fails to stop people short. Unlike John, Sherlock is making no attempt whatsoever to hide the blatant desire he feels and unfortunately for John, the hard-on he’d worked so hard to subdue is now back with a raging vengeance, the look on Sherlock’s face, the way he seems to want to eat John alive goes straight to his groin, his abdomen physically contracting as his arousal heightens.
John packs up his books, forces himself to wake up after nearly having fallen asleep in Divination and quickly heads to the door, walking hurriedly down the stairs of the Astronomy tower to avoid getting cornered by Professor Trelawny. He’ll likely be beating himself up for choosing Divination as one of his elective courses for the rest of the year – the whole thing is complete rubbish – but it was the only lecture that didn’t interfere with Quidditch practice. It’s tight though, so he does need to hurry if he wants to make it to the pitch on time.
“Suit yourselves,” he shrugs, nonchalantly but then his eyes turn back to Sherlock and John finds his grip on Sherlock’s waist tightening. “Well, if ever the marriage thing doesn’t work out, I’d be happy to show you the virtues of… a more exciting lifestyle.” He winks at Sherlock, apparently not buying into their cover story or simply not giving two shits about hitting on an engaged man with his fiancé right there to hear.
“And why exactly do we need to hit every pub on this street?”
The sound of tapping on glass catches John’s attention before he can over think things, and he looks over to the window to find a note folded up in a paper airplane knocking for him to open. He grins, somehow already knowing it has to be from Sherlock.
Sherlock looks confused. “I was getting the impression you were enjoying it when I spoke,” Sherlock mumbles behind John’s hand and damn it, he already knows that too. Of course, he bloody knows, he’s Sherlock Holmes, master of all observations.
This time John looks up, his eyes meeting Sherlock’s and his heart stutters in his chest, his own arousal sparking as he recognizes the raw need spread out over Sherlock’s face, his clenched jaw, the way his eyebrows are drawn together tightly, pupils blown wide. John doesn’t break eye contact as he reaches up, lets his hands trail up the length of Sherlock’s thighs, up his sides until he reaches his abdomen and he feels Sherlock’s muscles flex beneath his hands. Sherlock’s breathing is erratic, coming in short pants and John still doesn’t look down as he pulls on his pants, tugging them forward and over Sherlock’s hard length and lets them drop to the floor. Sherlock’s gaze is piercing, and John feels frozen to the spot, utterly transfixed and the moment seems to last forever until Sherlock finally breaks the silence. “John.” His voice is strangled, deeper than usual, and it sounds like a prayer, like he’s on the verge of pleading.
“Well, I should probably go,” John says, taking a few steps back, a bit desperate to put some distance between them because apparently his thoughts are hellbent on betraying him. “I’m already late to practice,” he explains, pointing his thumb behind him in the vague direction of the pitch as though it wasn’t perfectly obvious where he’s going and curses himself.
“That’s most definitely not what people usually say,” Sherlock counters, and John looks up at him curiously.
care what John thinks of him, and he would rather John not hate him like everyone else. He’d considered putting on an act – he found he was quite good at pretending to be someone else entirely – but somehow that seemed wrong, too. Again, Sherlock doesn’t know
“He didn’t believe me,” Sherlock turns to John, practically pouting, and John fleetingly thinks about how attractive Sherlock’s lips are, full and soft and – god,
look as if it isn’t perfectly obvious that he is, in fact, holding a bottle of lube.
over so many layers of clothing.
No, the real query, what Sherlock still can’t wrap his mind around is why John Watson would intervene, why he’d taken Sherlock’s side and cursed Donovan, taking Anderson’s wand and freed Sherlock with a counter jinx.
, making Sherlock’s insides twist and coil in… an unfamiliar yet admittedly quite pleasant way.
“Maybe I will,” he answers, shooting Sherlock a sideways glance and hiding a corner smile as though they share a secret and Snape stalks off dramatically with a sneer. Sherlock’s never wanted anyone to sit next to him before. But he already feels strangely protective of John and the thought of him sitting anywhere else than at his side during potions class for the remainder of the year seems wholly unacceptable. John seems amenable, but he may still need to come up with a way to incapacitate Lestrade before their next class to make sure that happens. Backpedaling, Sherlock reflects that that may not be a great idea if he wants John to continue liking him. Bugger.
A hand covers his mouth and muffles his shout of surprise, and a tall, lean body pins John to the tree.
“I saw her from the window. She’s a Slytherin. Obviously has gotten herself into some kind of trouble given the way she’s looked over her shoulder thrice in the span of fifteen seconds. She’s holding something in her hand, a note of some kind. She was frowning and scared. Someone’s threatened to hurt her, and she’s gone to the Ministry, but they aren’t taking the threat seriously.” John has long ago given up trying to follow Sherlock’s brilliant deductions, but he no longer questions them. Even after fifteen years of knowing him, it never gets old, and John is still just as awed by Sherlock’s mind.
He’s still got loads of time though, it’s before Christmas and if he spends enough time during his breaks going over the course material, he’s sure he can catch up.
. Sherlock is still just as crude and obnoxious, and John still laughs at his inappropriate comments.
These just aren’t the answers he needs. No, what he needs is to
“I love it. I can see the most basic details of my fingerprint,” he exclaims, looking at his index finger under the lens, sounding excited and the sound makes John smile. When he looks back up at John, he wears a solemn expression. “No one’s ever given me such a thoughtful gift.” John feels his heart beating hard and wishes he could hug Sherlock, pull him in close. Before he can question whether that’s a good idea or not, Sherlock drops the box he’d kept under the tree in John’s lap. “Now yours.”
They keep quiet for the rest of the class, John focusing on brewing his potion correctly and Sherlock finds himself watching from the corner of his eye to make sure he makes no other mistakes. Sherlock is pleased that there’s no need for him to interfere again, John is doing well enough on his own.
“Brilliant,” John says again, and Sherlock realizes, to his own horror, that he can feel the blood rising in his cheeks. “Thanks,” John adds kindly and Sherlock nods, looking away quickly, fearing that the blush may worsen. This is worse than he thought, or rather, the effect John Watson has on him is far worse than he’d thought. How is he supposed to concentrate on getting any answers when his body is intent on betraying him this way?
with him?
“I’m ready,” Sherlock says before John can even finish his sentence, his hips meeting John’s thrusting hand. “Do it, John, please.”
“Mind if I take this seat?” John asks when he’s reached Sherlock’s station, his head tilting to the side towards the empty chair beside Sherlock. This is perfect really; it would give Sherlock the exact opportunity he’d been hoping for. So why are his vocal cords failing him, like every word he’s ever been taught is lodged in his throat? This never happens to him. “It’s just that Snape’s got all the ingredients for today’s potion set up at my usual spot…” John explains when Sherlock remains silent. He looks unsure now, like he thinks maybe he’s misread something and should go somewhere else instead and for some reason that breaks Sherlock out of the sort of trance he’s been in.
“Trust me.” It’s probably the most ludicrous thing to say. John really has no reason to trust him, they barely know each other. John’s eyes lock with his once more, questioning and there’s… there’s something more there, something Sherlock can’t quite place and when John breaks away from his gaze to turn back to his potion, he stirs it counter-clockwise before putting in the next ingredient. After seven turns, his potion turns purple, as the book said it would and John turns back to him with a wide smile.
Before he can think of anything of interest to say, Professor Snape begins his lecture at the front of the class. “Today you’ll be preparing Draught of Peace. This potion will be part of your O.W.Ls so I expect anyone who strives to earn at least an ‘E’ in this course to pay close attention.”
You have got to be taking the piss. The moment shatters with the interruption, and John opens his eyes to look over at the man, tall, probably mid-thirties, traditionally good looking, but right now, he finds himself beyond annoyed.
- Muse,
John creeps around to the front, taking out his wand and his latest transfiguration lesson comes back to him. He should be able to transform a branch into a squirrel. That should do the trick, right? John pulls his wand out of his pocket and murmurs the spell, mentally patting himself on the back when he succeeds on the first try. He hears Fang bark from inside and Hagrid tell him to hush, but Fang continues to bark as the squirrel taunts him through the window.
Sherlock’s hips thrust sharply against his in what John guesses was probably a reflex when he soothes his tongue over the small mark he just made at his neck and John moans this time, his pants now becoming uncomfortably tight as he grows impossibly harder. From what he can tell, Sherlock isn’t faring much better.
I have finally seen the light
“Yes, the trickier ingredients such as salamander blood and powdered Griffin claw might require some… scavenging.”
And why exactly doesn’t he want John to be an idiot?
“Nothing.” Sherlock averts his eyes and abruptly turns away from John, pushing through the crowd of bodies towards the door.
“How did you know to do that?” Sherlock wills his heart rate to stabilize long enough to focus on John again.
, 2012
His hands shake as he fumbles to find the right key on the ring and he very nearly drops the whole set of keys to the ground when he feels the warmth of Sherlock’s body against his back, his hands coming up to frame John’s hips, pulling his body closer and Sherlock runs his nose across the exposed column of John’s neck.
true, but it sounds a lot more possessive out loud than it did in his head.
“John, are you s-”
Fleetingly, he thinks he should be more concerned about the state of his engagement, that maybe he should speak to Mary to officially end things before he and Sherlock go any further. It would probably be the respectable thing to do. But he can’t. Not tonight.
John steals a hand under Sherlock’s shirt, freeing the material from under his trousers and Sherlock moans loudly against his mouth. John chases the sound, desperate to hear every wanton noise he’ll be able to pull out of Sherlock Holmes, but he realizes, suddenly, that maybe they shouldn’t be doing this in the foyer. They’ll scar Mrs. Hudson.
to John. Maybe then things would begin to make sense. He just doesn’t have a clue how to go about that, at least not in a way that wouldn’t result in John most probably never speaking to him again.
He grins at the note, shoving it in his pocket, grabbing his books and heads out of the common room towards the library without a second thought.
His sight slowly begins to adjust, and suddenly John starts to take in his surroundings, the countless shirtless men circling through the bar, some of them wearing nothing but incredibly tight pants that reveal far too much to John’s liking. He looks to the right, past Sherlock and there appears to be a stage, on which half a dozen exceptionally muscled men are dancing and grinding suggestively.
it, and John might not even believe it himself if it weren’t for the fact that Sherlock is currently curling his tongue around his, hitting a sensitive spot at the roof of his mouth and twisting just the right way. John can barely do anything but hang onto him for dear life and respond with equal amounts of passion.
“So, what brings you to this… ‘interesting establishment’?” The other man questions, using Sherlock’s terms.
Well, obviously he’s managed to collect information on John he hadn’t known before, like the fact that he wants to be a Healer (it was a natural choice given John’s care-taking tendencies), he has far too many friends (whoever needs that many people around?), and though he doesn’t mind wizard robes, John seems to prefer soft, knitted sweaters.
“Me?” Sherlock sounds incredulous. “You’re the one who was touching me all evening. Why do you think I allowed you to get me so drunk?”
“You should not be this eloquent after what just happened against the door,” John complains because really, how is this fair?
“Yes, it’s a fairly interesting establishment,” Sherlock answers and John nearly laughs, but he hides his smile against Sherlock’s neck. He expected the skin to feel rough against his lips, ragged and unfamiliar, but instead he finds himself enthralled by how soft and smooth it is, how his lips tingle from the contact, leaving him wanting more, wanting to let his lips wander and explore the newly found terrain. That would undoubtedly make Sherlock uncomfortable, though, and that is the last thing he wants, so he refrains.
John realizes with startling clarity and a tad of alarm that he might just have a crush on Sherlock Holmes.
“I want to,” Sherlock assures him, perhaps even a little too fast, betraying his eagerness to see more of John.
John abruptly tears his eyes from the sight, from the vision his mind has too easily conjured up and he’s embarrassed to find his body reacting rather quickly, his pants suddenly tighter as his blood flows south and arousal simmers in his veins. Shit. This is
“Even better,” he confirms and Sherlock smirks, apparently pleased with his response.
“I could help you, if you’d like.” The words are out of Sherlock’s mouth before he can process them, and he cringes internally. Why would John want his help? John probably couldn’t wait to get away from him-
. Okay so maybe his cheekbones don’t have anything to do with how put together he looks, but they are entirely too
“You’re probably the only fifth year who doesn’t need to be worried,” John admits, looking at Sherlock quickly and giving him a small smile. Had John just acknowledged that the rest of the students in their year were idiots? Surely not.
John hurries down the moving staircases, his Quidditch bag slung over his shoulder and he’s finally down on the grounds, a short jog away from the pitch when he hears shouts coming from around the corner of the castle on his right. He should let it be, whatever’s going on, it’s certainly none of his business.
Sherlock’s head thumps against the wall as John’s lower body grinds into his and John takes advantage of their position to let his lips drift down to Sherlock’s jaw, nipping and biting his way down until he reaches the smooth column of Sherlock’s neck. He kisses the soft, freshly shaven skin, sucking and grazing his teeth just above the juncture of his collarbone a tad harder than is probably appropriate but he can’t bring himself to care. Sherlock doesn’t want ‘anyone’, but apparently, he wants John, and the thought of that is slightly intoxicating, clouding his brain: it makes him want to mark Sherlock as his.
“His?” Blonde-man asks, with a quirked eyebrow, looking between the two of them and shit. Right, if he and Sherlock are a couple, this would be
He reaches for the keys in his pocket. He’s never given them back, even when he’d moved out, when Sherlock returned and he wasn’t living there anymore, Sherlock always insisted that he keep his key. Baker Street would always be his home.
John’s reverie is abruptly cut short when a bright spotlight shines towards them, temporarily blinding him and he can hear wolf whistles thrown in their general direction. Had Sherlock planned this? Was this some sort of grand finale to the night? John’s turns his head towards Sherlock, taking in his equally stunned expression, his eyes squinting against the white light. Right, so not planned then.
“Oh, I’ve wanted this,” John says emphatically, swooping forward and capturing Sherlock’s lips in a slow, tender kiss, just to underline the truth of his words. “I didn’t want to risk losing your friendship.”
“I was already up,” John shrugs, trying to downplay his excitement and Sherlock narrows his eyes at him, as though seeing right through the lie. John’s cheeks heat slightly but he’s glad when Sherlock says nothing about it and lets him in. Sherlock is also still wearing his sleep wear, a midnight blue bath robe wrapped around his long, lithe body and John pushes back the thought of what it might be like to untie the knot of the loosely tied belt at the front.
He lets his body sink to the floor before Sherlock, his face coming flush with the very evident erection straining against Sherlock’s trousers and he thinks it should be strange, that it should feel foreign to him, that maybe he should be hesitant given his inexperience in this particular department, but his mouth floods with saliva and anticipation boils in his blood. He wants to taste Sherlock, wants to hear all the filthy sounds he can pull from him mouth, wants to have him weak from desire and out of control.
It hits him like a ton of bricks, like someone has knocked him upside the head with the knowledge and he feels like every muscle in his body contracts, his gut twisting, his throat closing up.
“It’s all been calculated, John. We’re to go to every pub on every street in which we’ve ever found a corpse,” Sherlock explains.
He doesn’t usually care if people are idiots, it’s just the way things are. Apparently, he
It isn’t an official position at the Ministry of Magic, but that doesn’t bother him. He’d invented the job and he was the only wizard for it. Besides, there was absolutely no way he’d ever work for Mycroft at the Ministry. It was simple, really: they’d call Sherlock in when the regular Aurors were out of their depths, for the truly interesting and dangerous cases, and that was fine by him – Sherlock wants nothing to do with anything monotonous or mind-numbing anyway.
“I have
And just as Sherlock had predicted, they take the case.
. He sometimes finds himself wishing he could touch his fingers to Sherlock’s cheeks, just to see if his skin feels as soft as it looks, like skilfully sculpted marble.
is he being such an
way. The questions whirl around in his head at lightspeed, but Sherlock still hasn’t broken eye contact and when he does John is pretty sure his eyes drift down to John’s mouth and –
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,” Sherlock groans out his name, his voice low and raspy, impatience painted in his tone.
John quickly takes notice of how much taller Sherlock is. He’s seen Sherlock around the grounds and obviously in Potions, but never this up close. Even if they haven’t officially met, John knew who he was the second he walked into their first Potions class, mostly due to his reputation.
Sherlock does notice the two pints once the bartender sets them on the counter in front of them and he turns to John. “We won’t be able to calculate our hourly alcohol intake in order to stay in the sweet spot, John.” He appears deeply concerned by this and John laughs.
-  Muse,
Or maybe it’s more that he doesn’t want John to be like the rest of them.
“I want to see you,” Sherlock insists, no hesitation in his voice and John nods, lips curving up in a smile as he looks down at Sherlock, curls askew, a light sheen of sweat glistening over his chest. So beautiful. He’ll stay on his back so they can face one another.
Sherlock’s hands let go of his hair and before John can even start to wonder where they’ll make contact next, Sherlock is grabbing his arse and using the leverage to grind John’s lower body against his thigh which has John groaning rather loudly, his hips jerking at the delicious friction.
Sherlock is silent beside him, but he feels him lean back, allowing his weight to fall on John’s chest and his left hand comes up to cover John’s on his waist, a clear non-verbal sign of consent. John’s hand squeezes, hoping the gesture is reassuring somehow.
, and hell, maybe he has. He’s denied both he and Sherlock this since the moment they met and now he’s paying the price.
“What of tonight then?” Sherlock questions, moving to the side, his tongue darting out to swipe at John’s scar, paying special attention to the healed skin and John chokes on a moan. How is he supposed to think? He’s out of his mind, feels like he’s having some sort of out of body experience, although he’s paradoxically acutely aware of just how much his body is feeling right now. He feels like he’s been on the brink for ages, like he’s been edging for
It takes Sherlock off guard. First John called him brilliant, and now talented. Why was he being so… nice? Sherlock doesn’t quite know what to do with that. No one is ever nice to him, really.
“I think we should head home,” John suggests once he can catch his breath again, intent on avoiding any more close calls involving strangers’ fists.
Sherlock’s front pocket and, miraculously, he succeeds. Never breaking eye contact with Sherlock, his fingers wrap around a something long and smooth with a sharp edge, and he pulls it up between the two of them. The Griffin claw.
Oh, he is so screwed.
Does John want something from him? It would have seemed like the most likely conclusion, only John hasn’t asked anything of him as of yet. He’d asked for no favor in return for helping Sherlock out that day in the courtyard. He could have approached Sherlock to ask for anything since then, but he hasn’t. Even now, John hasn’t so much as asked for help with his Draught of Peace potion, though he probably knows Sherlock is the best in their class and John could have used the help. Maybe that’s why Sherlock feels compelled to do so.
Besides, Sherlock doesn’t want him like that. Doesn’t want anyone like that from what John has observed over all the years he’s known the man. He needs to stop.
to feel this happy, like his body is filled with air and he could float away at any given moment. It’s Sherlock who keeps him grounded, and though he’s pulled away from John’s mouth, his hands are still gripping the back of John’s shirt, holding on and keeping him close.
John blindly reaches back for the doorknob, twisting and shoving it open, and as soon as they make it past the threshold, John is pushing Sherlock back into the door slamming it shut with the weight of their combined bodies. Sherlock gasps when the inertia drives John’s hips directly into his, and John takes advantage of his open mouth to suck on his lower lip, pulling it between his teeth and
“How could you possibly know that?” John asks incredulously, but he’s secretly holding out hope Greg will have a rational explanation he can hold onto, he wants so badly to have proof his feelings are reciprocal.
about the cases Sherlock took on as a Consulting Auror. It’s not the simple, quiet life he’d imagined at all: it’s loud and busy and he gets to share it all with the man he loves. It’s better.
“Oh, come on, you can tell your best mate at least,” Greg pushes, clearly desperate for some gossip and John will be damned if he gives him the satisfaction.
John cringes at the thought. There is no way he’s getting up on stage with a high probability that he’ll be losing a few articles of clothing along the way. But the thought of Sherlock on that stage half naked though…. Well that’s an image he likes maybe a little too much. But no, Sherlock wouldn’t be comfortable with that.
Over the next five weeks, John and Sherlock become nearly inseparable. They meet up every day with the pretense of practicing Potions, their quests to find required ingredients taking them on wild adventures and fulfilling a need John had never even realized he’d been craving.  Sherlock makes him discover Hogwarts in an entirely new way, they use secret passages and rooms he never knew about, scurrying through forbidden floors and sprinting across the moving staircases to avoid Filch. Mostly, their evenings end with them gasping for breath in hushed laughter. John has never been happier, and, incidentally, his Potions grades have never been higher.
John purposefully doesn’t look up to meet Sherlock’s gaze, focusing on the task at hand, popping open the button and tugging down on the zipper. Sherlock’s length is bulging, and John bites down on his bottom lip at the thought of taking him in his mouth. He pulls down Sherlock’s trousers, exposing his long, pale legs and John thinks he feels Sherlock’s muscles quiver as he runs his hands down the length of his bare skin. Sherlock helps, toeing off his shoes and honestly, John is surprised at how coordinated they both are considering how much they had to drink tonight. The trousers come all the way off then and John straightens again, his face level with Sherlock’s centre.
“It is,” John confirms. “It’s called a microscope. Muggles use it for what they call science, or chemistry. It allows you to see things you can’t detect with your eyes.” Sherlock quickly opens the box to take out the microscope, not saying a word and John feels dread pooling in his stomach. “I know you might not have much use for it in classes and such… I just thought – well since you enjoy deducing things, and those deductions require observations, I thought you might like something that allows you to observe more than what the eye can see.” He stumbles through his own logic, trying to explain why he’d thought this would be a good gift and Sherlock still doesn’t say anything, but John sees him adjusting the nobs to the microscope, now out of the box, pressing his right eye to the lens. He waits, lets Sherlock figure out the workings of the microscope. Maybe getting him a present from the muggle world was foolish, he should have thought of the fact that Sherlock probably thinks all things muggle related were rubbish or dull –
“John,” Sherlock sobs his name and his hips snap forward of their own accord, harder than he intended and he feels Sherlock’s body squeeze around him. His vision fills with white, the tight coil of need twisting at the base of his spine and for a second he worries about having hurt Sherlock, but his legs come up around John’s lower back, pushing him down and into him forcefully and something snaps inside him. John grabs hold of Sherlock’s hands with his own, pinning them above his head on the mattress, twining their fingers together and just… lets go. He thrusts into Sherlock, harder, rhythm be damned and just lets himself
John Watson.
“How did you know I want to be a Healer?” Right, he might need to explain.
“Might be dangerous,” Sherlock challenges, raising an eyebrow at John as though he expects John to back down immediately, but it only strengthens John’s resolve.
Only then do Sherlock’s eyes move from John to acknowledge the man intruding, looking at him directly. “Clearly, I’ve reconsidered. The answer is no.”
Either way, it makes Sherlock laugh along with him and soon enough they both find themselves giggling like a bunch of schoolgirls outside the pub.
“You’re a bloody tease, you know that?” John asks with a quirked brow.
“Yes, we’ve been over this, I told you I knew you’d been putting extra shots in my graduated cylinder.”
“He’s one of the only students who’s stayed home for Christmas every year since we’ve started at Hogwarts. Hadn’t you noticed before?” Now that Greg mentions it, John does remember thinking it was odd Sherlock never seemed to go home over extended breaks, but they weren’t friends at the time and Sherlock hadn’t mentioned anything to him either. In all fairness, neither had John. “And don’t think I haven’t noticed how you look at him. I’m not completely daft, you know.”
“Much more fun letting you think you’re getting away with it,” Sherlock answers, and John can see he’s hiding a grin behind his glass as he holds it up and takes a long sip. Bastard. But John laughs in spite of himself. Sherlock’s brilliant mind never ceases to amaze or surprise him. John shakes his head at Sherlock, still smiling and turns back towards the bar, grabbing his own beer. He nurses his drink, but his eyes dart up to the stage, curiosity getting the better of him. Three men wearing firemen outfits – well, only the hat and trousers of the uniform remain on at this point – dancing against one another, undulating their hips and the crowd is cheering them on. John has to admit, they are putting on a good show. He’s always thought of himself as straight, always naturally gravitating towards women as sexual partners, but… well he can’t say these men aren’t attractive. Hell, he’s been in the army, he’s seen attractive men before, knows that many of them relied on each other for release there too. But most of the time, that was about survival, about the surge of adrenaline coursing through your veins after a particular close call with death.
It’s driving him close to insane. He needs more data, needs access to more information if he’s to make accurate deductions and come to reliable conclusions. All he knows for sure is that thoughts of John Watson have clouded his brain for the past three weeks, ever since he came to his aid in the courtyard after Anderson and Donovan had snuck up behind him and managed to jinx him.
Oh god, he is so drunk. He’d shaken his head in disbelief when Sherlock had shown up at the pub with two graduated cylinders from the lab, but it seems his nutter of a best friend has, in fact, managed to precisely calculate just how much John needed to drink in order to get positively plastered.
Sherlock must feel John’s body bristle, clearly bothered by the comment, and he leans back further into John’s chest, an evident display of disinterest in the man who just made a pass at him.
“John, John, John,” Sherlock repeats his name like a prayer, like his brain has short-circuited and all that’s left is
“You didn’t have to,” John says instinctively and all but kicks himself when the words are out of his mouth. Sherlock doesn’t seem offended, though.
Oh God, Sherlock doesn’t beg for anything, not for a anyone, but he’s begging now, begging for him and John makes a sound close to a whimper in relief. He pulls his fingers out of Sherlock, takes himself in hand, slicking himself with more lube and positions himself at Sherlock’s entrance, now open and ready. They lock eyes again and when Sherlock nods, John angles his hips forward, entering him in a swift, yet gentle move.
His head is swimming, but honestly, he thinks it’s more to do with the abrupt realization of how much he’s currently enjoying Sherlock’s proximity, the feel of his body against his own than with the single pint he’s barely touched since they’ve entered the bar.
“I was,” John admits, his hand leaving Sherlock’s mouth to unbutton his own trousers and he shoves them down his legs roughly. “A little too much, that’s the problem. I didn’t want to…”
Conflicted and lost in thought, John says nothing as he and Greg make their way up to the common room. Once they get there, John isn’t any clearer on the issue, but he’s resolved not to let his personal dilemma affect his time with Sherlock. Besides, Greg might be wrong about Sherlock staying at the castle over the break, he should really verify with him.
Smiling against Sherlock’s lips, John quickly revises his train of thought. No need to talk right now: they have the rest of their lives to talk. No, right now he just wants to keep doing
Sherlock hums beneath him, like a cat purring its content. When he speaks his voice is low and gravelly and it does wonderful things to John’s insides. “If I’d known this sort of high was possible, I might have avoided drugs altogether.” A laugh bubbles out of John, then Sherlock, and soon enough there are both giggling, naked and plastered against each other and John is relieved that despite it all, they’re still
John sighs, angry with himself. “I was an arse.” He knows he’s played a part in all of this: there’s a reason Sherlock never said anything about his feelings for John. “I think I’d convinced myself you didn’t want me so thoroughly, I had to try to convince myself I didn’t want any of it in the first place. I was wrong, Sherlock.” He knows he’s messed up, that he’ll have to put in the work for Sherlock to believe him when he’s spent the last few years telling people the contrary. “Do you remember that first night? At Angelo’s?”
Sherlock nods but makes no move to separate from John, in fact his hands squeeze John’s arse again and he hisses. John pulls away from Sherlock’s neck enough to meet his eyes.
, he’ll follow Sherlock anywhere.
“Only because they wish they had your talent,” John scoffs, turning back to his potion and adding the next ingredient.
John takes a swig from his graduated cylinder and looks up to where he expects to find Sherlock sitting across from him, but he isn’t there. Confused, John looks around the pub, the music blaring in his ears and the world spins a bit as he pivots on his stool to look around for his best mate.
“How do you mean?” Sherlock asks for clarification, sure he’s missed something, and John laughs again, softer this time.
flicking his left wrist in a practiced movement. The paralysing curse hits Donovan square in the chest, her entire body going rigid as she falls backward. Anderson sputters, looking between Donovan and John, his mouth hanging open in surprise.
Sherlock sways forward a bit as he regains his balance without John to hold him up and catches himself on the bar, signalling the bartender to send over two more pints. John isn’t sure if his bodies response to Sherlock is a sign that he should stop drinking to get a hold of himself or to drink more to return to a state of blissful ignorance.
. John mentally shakes himself, willing himself to push his own desires to the back of his mind.  Potions. He should focus on that and making this Strengthening Solution correctly. Sherlock was just being nice, being his friend. Besides, it seems Sherlock doesn’t keep many friends around, so the least John can do is keep from royally messing things up by making everything more complicated with his feelings.
“Nothing, everything’s fine,” John dismisses quicky.
“Well, at least you won’t be alone this year.”
“We are, yeah,” John confirms before Sherlock can say anything. He’s done this loads of times with female friends he’s gone out with, posing as their boyfriend to help get them out of unwanted situations where men were hitting on them. Sure, maybe he wasn’t fond of the idea of people assuming he and Sherlock were a couple when they first got here, but this is different: it’s to protect Sherlock. In any case, whether they are at a gay bar or not, people always seem to assume they’re together anyway, so he figures it’s not really that big of a deal. It’s the least he can do to help out his best friend.
John trails off, a tad embarrassed but Sherlock is smiling ruefully now, as though he’s just discovered a weapon with which to destroy John, and God help him, he probably has.
“Is that lube?” John asks, half relieved because he hadn’t thought about what exactly his demand entailed and half disbelieving because
“Right,” Sherlock says again, his eyes still fixed on John in a way that makes his stomach flutter in a pleasant way.
By the time Miss Sprout wraps up their Herbology lesson, John fees like he’s about to jump out of his skin. It’s Thursday: he feels like he’s been buzzing with excitement and waiting for this moment for way too long when really, it’s barely even been two days. He’s eager to see Sherlock. They haven’t been able to talk since potions on Tuesday and John’s only managed to sneak glances at him in the Great Hall over dinner. Their eyes met once, when John had looked over to the Ravenclaw table where Sherlock always sat and found Sherlock already looking his way. John had felt his entirely body flush from head to toe, waving at Sherlock before turning away. It’s probably the first time John has found himself upset that they have to sit with members of their own house over meals. It seems ridiculous that they aren’t allowed to choose their own seats. He’d brought it up to Greg the other day and his friend had looked at him like he’d grown a second head. He can’t be the only one to think this, right?
“You can never know for sure with Holmes, but for starters, I’m certain he would have told you to bugger off already if he didn’t like you. That, and he doesn’t seem keen to insult you too much, which he does with absolutely everybody else. All good signs, really.” John huffs and rolls his eyes.
“Knew where to look,” Sherlock shrugs likes it’s nothing, still smiling and it takes everything John has not to push up on the tips of his toes to brush a kiss over his mouth. Would Sherlock even want that? Is he interested at all? He seems to like hanging out with John, he was even the one to offer his help for Potions, but that doesn’t mean he’s interested in John in
Sherlock is still looking around, his brow furrowed as he struggles to make sense of the events unfolding around him and it’s one of the most endearing things John has ever seen. It makes him want to brush his hand to the soft dark curls falling over Sherlock’s forehead in a soothing way. Not good. No, that would definitely not be good and would certainly give everyone here the wrong idea about the nature of their relationship.
John nods. “But you were right. I
He feels a crushing wave of heat wash over him when he finds Sherlock looking directly at him, unashamedly staring. He’s very obviously drinking in the sight of John, his eyes roaming over his body, his mind most probably firing off deductions like it’s on fire, analyzing every one of John’s micro expressions and observing all the ways John’s body is betraying him.
“I-” John considers denying it, but the lie dies on his tongue before he says a word. “Alright, fine. I like him. There.”
– but he recovers quickly. He doesn’t want to sound like an idiot.
“Your current state of being and eagerness seem to indicate that you, in fact, find me to be more than tolerable,” Sherlock deduces and John feels a zip of arousal spark down his spine at hearing Sherlock’s deep baritone voice making observations about him while his erection presses against Sherlock’s skin. Fuck, he’s going to have a kink for Sherlock talking in bed, isn’t he? He already wants to hear it again, wants Sherlock to whisper all the dirty things he wants to do to him in his ear until he comes.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hums, and ends up much closer than John had anticipated when he dragged them both over here, their bodies squeezed in by everyone dancing and swaying on the dance floor. Sherlock is definitely close enough to touch, and the way their thighs brush up against one another every few seconds is driving John positively mad.
, John hasn’t even touched him yet, but he feels his own erection dripping, aching so badly to be inside Sherlock he truly fears he might come without contact at this point.
John feels Sherlock’s hands rise up and fist in the back of his coat, holding him closer and John’s own hands move from Sherlock’s coat collar to thread his fingers in Sherlock’s curls, his mouth opening to deepen the kiss and seek out Sherlock’s tongue. A muffled moan escapes Sherlock as their tongues meet, deep and rich and it’s just about the most sensual sound John has ever heard in his entire life. Arrows of heat shoot through him, and the thought of hearing Sherlock make that desperate little sound again spurs him on as he walks them both backwards into the narrow alley behind them, their mouths never separating. Sherlock’s back hits the brick wall and they both gasp as John’s hips collide with his, the friction sending frissons of pleasure up John’s spine. He can feel Sherlock’s erection pressing against his stomach and he doesn’t have it in him to resist, lets his body undulate forwards, rubbing against Sherlock and
She gave him an obligatory high five, "Yeah, I guess I kind of walked in to that one. "
"I was looking for," Loki glanced down at the schedule in his hand, "Dorm room 1?"
"But you, Kirk, are no such gentleman," Loki finished, glaring at Kirk. Gean was going to blow their whole operation by giggling if he didn't cut that out. He truly was very good at illusions, deserving of the name he shared with the Norse god of lies.
So much for blending in, he thought as he walked with his new roommate across the courtyard in the warm September air.  "My previous schools were remarkably dull and I figured if my idiot not-brother could squeeze his way in here, then it wouldn't be a problem."
Dean Winchester- Senior
/I'm sensing something happened?/ Maxy questioned curiously. Loki and Gean chuckled before he responded
Which only brought him back to Loki's fine ass in those jeans.
/Am I saying this right?/ Loki tested, in near-flawless NZSL.
/No, we are not doing that right now,/ Cas chastised himself.
"Never mind your fucking brother, I just humiliated someone on their first day. I feel like crap...letting my own issues get in the way like that. Do you think he'll let me apologize?"
He wondered why she had latched on to who she did...Why would she be hanging out with Odinson and not her brother? All's strange in high school, Dean figured. Why would JJ not have mentioned a sister? But there she was, spinning Loki around on the floor with only the indie music from her iPod as accompaniment. This whole weekend, everything that was happening, was just too weird for words.
"Oh come now Maxie." He laughed as they continued on their way.
Loki pushed some kind of seasoned pasta to the middle of the table, passing Tony a plastic fork. He started eating slowly with him. Damn, it was really good!
"Oh yeah, Chinese is great. Great."
/Loki Odinson and Tony Stark/
"Dead mother and recluse father, nice to meet you," he grinned, offering a hand, which Loki shook, finding himself being unable to resist the elder boy.
"So what brings you to the Fury School  for the Gifted and Talented at five forty five in the morning, oh young freshman?"
He jumped in his seat, before turning around to see Cas standing behind him.
"Would you SHUT UP JJ?"
"Hello," Tony responded, giving a little wave,"So, we're okay, right?"
"Why do you care?" She replied coldly. She realized she was being rude, seeing as he had done nothing wrong, but she was just so not in the mood for people right now.
It was free period, so Sherlock and Tony were using it, like they had last year when Sherlock was merely a prospective student, to get their things and get to class before anyone, so they were on their way to the dorm room where the instruments were currently.
"I'm serious, Gregory," Mycroft chided while he placed his hand over Greg's. "If Sherlock were to tell the wrong person..." Mycroft didn't have to tell him. They both knew the risks of their relationship.
"Because believe it or not, he is my friend, and I do care about his well being."
Sherlock had to admit, the elder Winchester brother had quite the punch to him. He stood by quietly as another, Harkness, by all accounts, dragged Winchester away from the now-bleeding Tony
And then someone gripped his ear and started pulling...what was Lestrade doing?
The music was beautiful and the boy was beautiful and Tony felt lost and found at the same time. They were moving slowly and it seemed like Loki had been trained or something because he sure seemed to know what he was doing.
“So, I’m hoping your second day was better than your first?”
Loki nodded silently and allowed JJ Harrison to lead him back on to campus, openly wary. Jack was once against awed by how well JJ could comfort and understand someone else. At least this mission was a success.
"Stop it," JJ said, "You're lovely. You've been through some crap, I get it. But we want to be your friends. So think rationally and come back to class."
"Not like that," John and JJ called out simultaneously, casting Jack a fearful look.
Loki quirked an eyebrow, "Can't say I'm surprised you have experience with beaches and coffee, Stark."
"BE QUIET!!!!" Sherlock came barging out of the bedroom. "CAN'T A GUY THINK IN PEACE AROUND HERE?" He ran around the room before slamming the door to the bedroom once more.
"Thank you," she whispered, and Gean relaxed at the voice. It seemed the Odinson mother was not detestable like their dad. But still. There were crises to be dealt with. Specifically, the Gabriel Crisis, as she had come to call it in the past ten minutes since the discovery. Plus, familial distress was not a strong suit of hers. Thankfully, they were not going to make the students accommodate the parents, because a) the Odinson father and b) the idea of what kind of people would have created Jack Harkness terrified her. The parents were being given the extra dorms for their stay, divided up between the boys and girls dorms. For the next hour, hiding out on her bed in the dorms could prove a good escape. She was released from the grip, "I...um...I...uh...I have to go do my French homework. Être isn't going to conjugate itself." And with that, she tore back towards her dorm room. There was thinking to be done.
"Johnny!" Jack smiled, arms open wide, when he caught sight of John.
Dean broke out into a smile and closed the distance between them. Castiel definitely did NOT panic. His friend threw his arms around him in a hug, squeezing the life out of Cas and causing more than a few trench coat buttons to dig into his skin. No words were said, but none had to be.
Loki nodded, mainly because he didn't want to be here with Jack, who would possibly molest him.
Step one: Befriend JJ. Scratch that. He would probably have a higher likelihood of getting eaten by a Siberian tiger than of JJ becoming his friend.
He trudged back to his room, grunting at Sherlock laying on his bed in the Exact. Same. Position as hours before, thinking of the absurdity of his friends sleeping habits. He ignored his other roommates, the middle Smith and one of Harkness's buddies.
Tony Stark- Sophomore
"Well, obviously, Kirk is infatuated, as is Dean. We have to mess with them more."
There were about ten minutes left in free block, and the two caught the eye of Dean, Sam, and JJ, who were milling about. They waved, and upon seeing Dean, Castiel felt his throat catch. No. Not here.
"I do."
"Why wouldn't they be," JJ declared, his voice harsh and cold, "This is a non-discriminatory campus. It wouldn't have factored in."
Thor straightened his tie. He would have to spend time with Loki as well, and he hoped that he could finally get a word in with his brother. He steadied himself for the oncoming storm, clenching a fist to calm himself.
"Gym," he said, and the other boys groaned.
"Well I can reveal everything: your fondness... And your big brother's. I can only /imagine/ the consequences."
"And, y'know I'm not really, well, out to many people besides you and..."
"Yes, sir. Sorry, Mr. Holmes, sir." Shit. Shit. Shit shit shit. He was caught. He knew that Sherlock knew and he was going to kill him.
/You're a moron Gean. Math is far superior to this disgusting 'physical activity'. I'm not cleaning you off when we get back to the dorms this time, by the way. You can get your own caked dirt off./ I wiped the sweat off my face. Gean should consider herself lucky she can speak because running and signing at the same time is insane. How did I agree to this? Probably because without this class, Gean's aggres
A haunting tune began, music whispering out of Maxy's speakers, and to River's surprise, Maxy's soft voice began with the words
"Oh yeah," Cry yanked him forward, "This is my boyfriend Maxie!" Cry was beaming, while Max just looked  disgruntled, "He's just being a tired crab right now, don't worry about it."
Castiel Novak- Junior
"And if I don't?" There had to be a catch, Gabe was quick to catch on that there was always a catch.
"Why HEL-lo, darling."
"Mister Lestrade! See me after class."
She walked back to the dorms with head bowed and hands clasped behind her back. If she could somehow separate Jim and Gabe, then they could.....
"Stop talking about my dad that way, JJ, I swear..."
"And why is that, Loki-dokie?"
"You don't need this. It's your first year. You simply don't need my problems."
Thor couldn't believe it. JJ  had stood up to Odin. And won.
/Hello?/ she quirked an eyebrow at him, and he smiled back. At least he had a basic understanding of what she was saying.
"He's our friend too, you know!"
Loki barreled out of the classroom.
It was the end of the day, and Gabriel was lying on his bunk, sucking on a cherry lollipop in exasperation. Stupid, tall, handsome, straight boys with long hair. Well, one in particular. Not to mention Cas, who seemed to be on the verge of another breakdown. Plus, Gabe was absolutely terrible at French. It had been a long day.
"I'm rooming with him and while I believe JJ can frighten anyone, I just want to know if I have to watch myself around him."
Cas could only shake his head. The downward spiral wasn't at the dark point it had been in the recent past, but it didn't mean he needed to worry his little brother. Gosh, why did he have to be such a /mess/!
Tony and Bruce shared a look, before bursting out into laughter.
"I hope you brought back dinner, Watson, because Jack got sidetracked on his way to pick up Chinese," JJ halted on his way to the restroom. "Hope that's alright."
“Here,” Loki smiled open and friendly at him as he handed Tony the drink. They chatted amiably late into the night, before Loki gave a huge yawn, then covered his mouth, embarrassed, “Well, I guess I’d better be going to bed now.”
Tony could feel a part of himself fuming, but he wouldn't let it show. He didn't have the validity.
This put Cas at ease as he stood up suddenly, "I should go tell Dean!" He wasn't usually this open, but he couldn't help it. It seemed like everything was falling in to place.
"What can I say," he shrugged, "I'm the god of mischief."
"Gregory," he managed to say between attacks, "you..... should really.... get to..... class."
/It is too damn hard to keep a secret in this school./
Maxy smiled and nodded. /When do you have to/ Maxy paused to eye Loki /see your brother again?/
"Oh, Geanette doesn't quite excel like her brother does in academics...not to mention she's bloody awful at keeping secrets."
Unfortunately, it also meant dealing with idiots who had no idea how to properly handle a crime scene, I.e. Phillip Anderson. She was early, a benefit of having to keep up with Gean's speed-walking, which meant she had a full 4-minute head start on the other students. Ms. Farnsworth had set up a scene in the middle of the classroom,  with six data analysis stations set up at the lab tables. A chalk-outline person sat smack dab in the middle of chaos that passed for a crime scene. She was the first to collect data.
"JJ, listen, dude. I'm sure Loki just went to the bathroom or something!"
"I'm thinking." And such was Sherlock's excuse to never do anything ever.
"Well, at least we'll suffer together," JJ sarcastically complained.
Bruce shook his head. "You are way too relaxed about this."
Well if this just wasn't the weirdest day. He had just witnessed shy, awkward Stark, and the thought made him smile, that in this moment, he got to see a rare side of his friend that was a little more human.
"Cry I really have a big favor to ask you pretty pretty please," she explained as she pulled Cry and Maxie into an empty room.
"Hey guys! So we finally have a fourth roommate; Everyone, this is Loki, he's new here." John told the boys and Loki waved shyly at the strangers he would now be spending more time with than his family.
"Are you sure you're—?"
He thought he heard footsteps in the hall, shouting and laughing. Class must have just ended. That's right, he and JJ skipped Calculus to figure this out. That means it was lunch, or free period. And here Castiel was, having a panic attack on his bedroom floor. He wasn't crying. Yet.
"Very good. And I assume I don't need to ask about you, Loki, academics seems to generally be your only focus."
"I was trying to plan ahead, y'know, I figured he'd have known already."
"No, that was probably a good samaritan working towards EVERYONE'S SANITY!"
/No, usually it's just us messing around./
"Don't worry, luv," He smiled warmly at her, "I figured you'd want that kept secret. And I completely understand. Like, we all have secrets, and I'm not going to tell anybody's before they're ready. Y'know, I give the same trustworthiness to everyone that I've been shown." He pulled back his v-neck to show the scar of a cross that seemingly had been burned onto his chest. "Cross my heart. Nice talking to ya, JJ.  Now we've gotta gooooo!" And he took off, dragging his exasperated boyfriend behind him.
"Heads up, Lokes!" He narrowly avoided the squishy ball that Stark had launched. What was Tony doing to him?
The bell rang and Greg sat numbly through the shuffling of students. Steve gave him a pitying look.
"Hello."
"Getting all dolled up? I hear you should carry breathmints if you plan on making a move..."
"Yeah. Any siblings?"
"Thor, you great oaf, how many times do I have to tell you......"
"Um just... Dean, is fine. So why haven't I seen you around here before? I would have to guess the genius would run in the family." He took her hand and pressed a kiss to the top. Cas gave him a quizzical eyebrow arch. Whatever, girls thought that kind of thing was charming.
Of course in a mythology class, having a name in direct relation to Norse Myth doesn't quite dictate blending in, especially since he was more like the legend than he cared to reveal at the moment. But he did let everyone have a good-natured laugh about it. He was used to it. His pseudo-family were all mythologically named, so it was in his nature to play along and subconsciously plot revenge. Thankfully, he was saved by the looming presence, Castiel. He was easily identified by Dean's description as he had spent the first half of class looking like he wasn't sure he was in the right place. Castiel was an anglo-Christian angel name. Maybe not quite as bad as "Loki" but at least there was shield that was much more blunt in his awkwardness. Mr. Bishop seemed quite into his lesson, not even noticing or at least not caring, when seats were changed around so that Dean was by Cas and the boy he'd introduced as his brother, Sam. Though he did take casual notes, Loki was left mainly to observe the trio. There was something there that they weren't realizing and he couldn't quite put his finger on it
"We figured it out Dean, we're going to get you to be able to stay!"
John did. He really did. It was the reason he had tried out for the school's military training program. He had a sister at home, older, but she and their father needed a strong force to stop their drinking.
He wandered the halls aimlessly, his family back in the dorms for the time being. They hadn't been overly concerned about seeing him and had shown up primarily to make sure he was still under control. Nothing could tamp down his rebellious nature though, and there seemed nothing better as a call for his time than the courtship of Geanette... No matter how much he feared JJ.
/Well, its not like I can shout to get your attention, Gean/
How could it have gotten so bad as this? Not only did he have to deal with him in gym, but now Tony Stark was in his Government class as well?
Of course she said the obvious question, "I didn't know you could talk."
"Gabe."
/A secret for a secret./
As the two dissolved into their usual squabbling, Cas felt nothing but pure joy. He was here with his two best friends and no amount of wrong could bring him down. He felt home, a feeling he hadn't had since halfway through Freshman year.
/I hugged Dean. JJ is an ass but still a genius. I skipped class for the first time in ever. I miss home. I miss Cry and Max and everyone. I don't know anyone here. I'm so lost. I feel wrong./
It was hard sometimes pretending she was a guy, but JJ Harrison had almost become a part of her. Plus it gave her an excuse to punch people. Speaking of.......
/Um. Hello?/ Her face was red, extremely embarrassed. /I didn't know you were here./
She turned around. /Not too bad yourself, Holmes./ She couldn't tell if the excited rush was simply from the newly solved case.
"I mean seriously, who did I let convince me Buisness and Economics was a good idea."
"Good job acting feminine, by the way," Loki jeered.
Thor gulped.
JJ was skinny, even by his standards, and of reasonable intelligence. He knew he hung out with John Watson (a thought track for another time). JJ had family issues as well, identified with Loki's self-hate. Orphaned, one sibling. Older, didn't get along, possible abuse. It explained JJ's likeliness to latch on to someone, Maxine Fallen being last year's "project". Beyond that thought....... JJ was exceptionally good at hiding something and Sherlock would figure out what it was if it was going to kill him. Figuratively, of course.
"HEY! Watson, there are little ears about."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"He can be very, well," JJ piped up from the couch,"Jack..."
"Interesting. Explain."
"That sounds...really unlike you...Are you sure you're Tony?" Bruce raised a skeptical eyebrow.  Tony thrived on thrill, on action, and to know that someone had decked him and he wasn't worried about revenge or retaliation was completely strange and unbelievable.
"Hey, kid, ever think that maybe some people need the lies? That their whole foundation is held together by the fact that they think maybe they're contributing to the world instead of just letting all the choices go to the head of some egomaniac!" Stark was near-screaming back.
They had reached JJ, who was mid-speech, "So the plan is to pull Mini-Novak away from Jim and - and um.... Mrs. Odinson? I like hugs as much as the next person, but uh why are you hugging me and oh okay that's enough now I think." JJ tried to awkwardly disentangle himself from Frigga.
For some reason, Loki was walking beside him. "How do you do it?" The younger boy asked him.
"Yes, brilliant, brother. An unstable student runs out of your classroom and you find it fit to simply continue on with the lesson. Not that you would be very useful in any crisis, insufferable twat..."
Gean felt a tap on her shoulder and whipped around. Maxy reared back to avoid her slap. "Jesus, Maxy. You know better than to scare me!"
"Run!", Rodger's shouted. "I've got the donuts!"
"I apologize, Dean. But have you seen Gabriel? I cannot find him and our parents are looking for....." Cas trailed off, looking towards the entrance. Dean followed his line of sight.
"Friends? I don't know. Likely due to the fact that you have the capability to hold an intelligent conversation without drooling on your shirt."
“Oh, definitely,” he gave a small smile, “And your company has made it all the better. Hey, I think Harkness left a liter of cola in the fridge. Want to indulge?”
Chapter One- Loki Odinson- Freshman
She knew what it looked like to anyone. That she was being inconsiderate. But honestly, Sherlock was trying to set her on fire. And if there was anything she had learned from Gean, it was that she could be meek and still hold her ground.
Principal Fury started with his normal speech, but then it was free reign. Thor thought he saw Steve being embraced by a woman he assumed was his mother. He also caught Greg's eyes over his father's shoulder. The Odinsons were waiting near the entrance, as usual.
"Yeah, crazy...."
"How long?"
"So, I'm going to put this non-verbal business down as you being tired, but I do think we can be friends, Lokes, if you're interested. And then John is the nicest guy in existence, and even Jack isn't so bad once I beat him up for you a couple times. Sit with us at breakfast, okay? I can introduce you to the Winchesters later, too. They're pretty cool. No social outcast for you, good sir! Not here!"
He nodded, hair flopping into his eyes. "Have you seen Rory or Amy? Or River?"
"Nothing," he responded, instead getting up and walking quickly over to JJ and promptly pulling both out of the cafeteria. What the heck was going on?
She gave a flirty little wave, her hair cascaded in an overflowing braid, and her eyes sported thick, dark eyeliner. "It's a pleasure to meet you...what did Loki say your name was? Deanie?"
"JJ, you know I consider you all family, and that means you can't fly off the handle like this!"
--He couldn't really bring himself to care
"That's great Cas, I have to go tell Sam," Dean almost ran out of the room, shouting for Sam all the way.
"No, John Watson is one of the..... more.... moral people here, albeit ordinary and therefore, dull."
The razzing dissolved them both back into laughing. Geanette hadn't laughed this much since.... well, since never. She'd always been a quiet child, somber some might say. It was a family trait.
"Yeah, and so I had to sit through that derogatory speak, all the while, I am..."
Now it was Tony's turn to quirk an eyebrow. "You want to dance? Won't that look... gay?"
Loki looked up. "I'm sorry, could you repeat the question?"
"And you, Stark, stop laying there like a child and go see Nurse Chapel. Just because you're in pain doesn't mean I can't make it worse. Seriously, do I have to do everything around here!?"
"I just cannot stand being around my family, and now it seems like there will only be more and more reasons to shove me aside and hate me." He refused to catch her eye, but there were obvious red rings.
"What exactly has JJ said about me?"
"And I'm pretty sure I would rather have my taste buds removed," Gabe drawled.
"Just- Stay, please. Please." He sounds absolutely wrecked, which isn't helping keep his secret very well. "I just need y-you to stay." He should be happy, he knows this in some little corner of his mind that only good news has happened, but he still can't help the breakdown. He can't deal with these kinds of feelings again. Everything is so empty and terrifying in the way of being alone in an crowded room. So right now, his best and only solution is to not be by himself, and his brother, who he knows well as caring in a unique kind of way, will at least help him not go drastic. Gabe sits next to him, a small hand on his back and he can't help but wonder how he got to such a shameful point.
7 drinks later, John was well and truly pissed.
Sherlock pushed Molly around, he knew that. He knew that she liked him and he took full advantage of that, manipulating her feelings to work to his advantage. He’d been doing that since he was eleven years old and had sat next to her in his first Physics lesson: Molly had taken pity on the small, curly-haired boy with the soulful eyes who was a year younger than almost everyone else. She had showed him around the school, eaten lunch with him, did the assignments for subjects he disliked (Design, Geography, Art) until it got to the point where people started calling Molly Sherlock’s ‘stupid snotty slave’ (ah, the crude evil of children).
‘I’m sorry about your dad.’ John said formally. Sherlock chuckled. 'Is that what we are, now? Acquaintances? Passing on condolences?' He hoped not. He didn't want to be like this, not with his John. He wanted to be
It’s always full, nowadays. It used to be quiet, but the current occupants are well-known, particularly around these parts. One is a best-selling author of crime thrillers, the other a consulting detective with an international reputation who acts as inspiration for said crime thrillers.
Sherlock smiled evilly. ’I do love breaking your rules,’ he said huskily. ‘Maybe I should do it more often.’
As he soon found out, they wouldn’t see reason and they could make him go.
The boy cocked his head at John and narrowed his eyes, perfectly mimicking Sherlock’s deducing look, before smiling coldly and nodding at the far end of the pool. ‘Sherlock wants you gone.’
John opened his eyes, which were burning with something Sherlock couldn’t quite understand, and muttered hoarsely, ‘Oh God. Yes.’
Sherlock stiffens, but does not turn around. The voice, that velvety tone with the delicious accent, as soft as a summer’s day. The voice that has been with Sherlock for eighty years: first as colleagues, and then as companions, and now…
Irene, smile plastered over her face, grabbed Mary by the arm, took her to the door, pushed her out then slammed and locked it.
that book, or he was fucked, and he didn’t care that it was pouring with rain, he didn’t care that he was soaking and sniffling, he just cared about
‘Course,’ Irene huffed. ‘Sherlock’s always here in the summer. He’s
Sherlock rolled his eyes. ‘It seems my newly married older brother needs me.’ He crossed quickly to the door, poked his head out and shouted, ‘I’M HERE!’
‘Jenny,’ Sherlock corrected himself. ‘You’ll have to come to the palace. I’m sure my step-mother would love to meet you, and my father would be delighted to meet John’s parents-‘
Jim sighed and rolled his eyes with that look on his face that he usually only got when talking to idiots aka everyone on the planet but Sherlock. ‘Irene told me that you’re trying to think of a way to ask John to prom. I’m giving you an answer. Body parts, Sherlock.’
‘Shut up,’ Sherlock said breathlessly, ‘and kiss me.’
‘Fuck.’ Sherlock never swore, and John was becoming slightly concerned. ‘Sherlock, c’mon.’
Sherlock bowed his head so John couldn't see his face, and John felt suddenly awkward which had
Mycroft was glaring at them. ‘Will you two behave seriously for once?’ He snapped. Sherlock ignored him completely, smiling down at John before lowering his head and kissing him once, briefly, on the lips. ‘Into battle,’ he joked, and John suddenly remembered Irene; was she still in the palace-
But it wasn’t just any picture. It was the picture that took pride of place in Baker Street, hanging over the desk. It was the picture that saw a daughter’s GCSE exams, a daughter’s A levels, and the heartbreak of a daughter going to university, not just once but twice. It saw a son going to primary and secondary school, a son breaking his arm and a son and a father blowing up the kitchen for ‘science, Papa!’ It saw two men return home when they dropped their youngest child at university, it saw cases and murders and the one pavlova that ever rose. It saw a new consulting detective with dark, curly hair and bright blue eyes take over the family business, all from its place above the desk.
‘You have me,’ Sherlock said as he reached for the door. ‘And I bet I know more than anybody else here about England.’ He paused, face screwed up in concentration. ‘France. I meant France.’
‘Fine,’ Sherlock sighed. ‘I can see that you are twelve years old, left-handed, one sister, divorced parents, suffering from mild depression since the recent separation of said parents, likes sciences and physical education, wants to be a doctor and possibly join the army.’
‘A deerstalker,’ John said. ‘I thought it’d look good on you.’ He blushed, but Sherlock was far too busy fiddling with the ears. ‘Why does it not have a front?’
a million times.
‘What do you want, brother mine?’ Sherlock mimicked, plucking his A string absentmindedly. He had misplaced his bow again, and he was far too comfortable to stand up and look for it. ‘Quickly. I’m incredibly busy.’
Take today, for example. His parents had been desperate to have the whole family together to watch the King’s speech. It was King William’s birthday and that meant every single person in the Kingdom, and in the countries they were allied with at the moment (John lost track; he thought America was one, maybe China, possible France) would be watching. John was one of the very few people who did not care for the royalist regime; he understood it was necessary, he understood that a single ruler created a better and more powerful, united group of countries than a government, but in general he was indifferent. He didn't exactly want to overthrow the monarchy but he wasn't exactly a supporter of it.
Before Sherlock had the chance to violently combat the statement, the woman with the paintbrush eagerly turned to John and shouted excitedly, ‘Movement! We’re moving, Team Rainbow!’
When Sherlock was finally ushered off the balcony, after a rueful wave at the crowd, there were even more people gathered in the waiting room. After shaking the hand of a trembling, auburn haired boy (
century, but Irene…Irene was different.
‘Let’s go!’ Sherlock shouted, opening the window and glancing out. ‘Fuck. Crowds.’
He knew this from the moment she walked in, and it was further consolidated when she walked up to him and he hadn’t been able to deduce her, which of course raised the question
Sherlock smirked, nimble fingers doing up the tie. ‘Right. Well. I need to go-‘
He remembers his disastrous wedding to Mary. Sherlock was so sad, even when he was doing his speech, and John knew what he was doing to him but he
John laughed against Sherlock’s lips before pulling him down and kissing him properly, smiling up at him, hands in his hair, and he whispered, ‘this is why I wanted people to know.’
John stopped, took a very deep breath, and turned back to his suitcase. ‘That’s not a mistake.’
Sherlock always preferred James.’ Jim licked his lips and smiled at John. ‘James Moriarty.’
‘What did I miss? Still holding onto my child, Lila?’ John looked at Sherlock, who was leaning against the door frame, and tried to smile as if he hadn’t been shamelessly eavesdropping. ‘Sherlock-‘
‘No.’ John said as forcefully as possible; Sherlock looked slightly surprised at his tone. ‘You’re none of those things-‘
It’s the thought that Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are not done, they’re just restarting, and maybe it won’t work but maybe it will, because hope is all they have after they’ve been broken and fixed all these times.
John dutifully glanced at the picture of Prince Sherlock. He was extremely good-looking, John would give him that, and the troublemaker’s smirk was both annoying and endearing. His eyes were calculating and mischievous at the same time, though John had always thought they seemed a bit sad.
This time, they make it to the bedroom. John fucks Sherlock for most of the night, tearing orgasm after orgasm out of him as the adrenalin grows and grows and
‘We each ask three questions, you can skip one. Or answer them all. Your choice.’ John wondered suddenly if Sherlock was going to laugh at him and tell him he was immature or stupid, but he needn’t have worried: Sherlock, having pondered the suggestion, nodded. ‘I’ll go first. Where’s your father, who is the girl who’s been texting you nonstop, and why did you give up on the army?’
‘I have a distracting personality,’ Sherlock admitted as John withdrew the crumpled present. ‘Go on, open it.’
John closed his eyes and swallowed. ‘Sherlock,’ he said, his voice hoarse. ‘Sherlock, we need to go and find Mycroft.’
John ignored stabbing sensation in his heart, instead saying quietly, ‘He doesn't deserve your love if he’s doing something like this. He doesn't fucking deserve you, Sherlock.’
everyone knows how much she wants a son. Rebecca is smiling as well, delighted at her new little cousins, but John cannot register what he’s saying because now, finally, he is seeing how happy Sherlock would have been if he’d been there when Nathaniel was born. The same flushed face, the light shining in his eyes, curls askew but so,
‘LONG LIVE THE KING!’ The crowd shouted in unison.
John and Sherlock were well on their way into round two when the door was flung open and Harry burst in, her eyes tightly shut.
the ability to completely ruin somebody’s life, is the best rush of all.
A million stars in a pitch black sky, the moon hanging, full and heavy, right in the centre. The stars were glinting and glimmering, winking down on the lake, and the whole scene seemed to have been made specially for them.
His grandchildren are much the same. Rebecca, the oldest at twenty-six, seems to understand what is going on: Harriet, who’s twenty-four, and Lila-Rose, who’s twenty-three, also suspect something strange is happening but don’t say anything. Violet, who’s oblivious at nineteen, merely laughs at him and says he’s getting old and strange but she doesn't mind because he’s her grandpa and she loves him: John laughs at this. Violet was always a funny one.
The soldiers remained silent. Sholto seemed to calm down slightly and said in a slightly more level voice, ‘fortunately for you miserable worms, you
‘Stop, Sherlock.’ Irene said distractedly, eyes fixed on the screen. 'We're not in a relationship and have no desire to be: you can be jealous of whoever you want.’
‘Shit!’ Victor said, eyes wide. ‘So many? How the hell do the media not know?’
‘What’s the magic word, Chris?’ John said gently. Christopher and Sherlock fixed John with equalled stares of disgust. ‘It’s Christopher!’ Sherlock said at the exact same time as Christopher remarked, ‘please struggle onto the last two syllables, Papa.
Mycroft was nowhere to be seen.
It hadn’t been the same with Irene; her hand hadn’t felt quite the same in his. That didn’t matter, though, because Irene had given him the best sexual experience of his life afterwards and that had let him forget, forget it all, if only for a half-hour.
If they were playing a sport in teen club, everybody always wanted to be on Sherlock’s team, and people would actually crowd around when he played table tennis or danced. Sherlock danced
‘You clueless bastard, of course I love you,’ John whispered, one corner of his mouth pulled up in that delectable half smile, and Sherlock was struck by such an intense feeling of relief, happiness and joy he thought he might faint. ‘Really?’ He furrowed his eyebrows. ‘You’re not-‘
John blinks. ‘Sherlock, nothing you could say would make me not want to be with you.’
John’s life had started when he met Sherlock, and there was no way in hell he would ever, could ever, go back.
‘About five foot five, sandy blond hair in a floppy haircut, blue eyes, short nose, probably wearing a horrific jumper and possibly with a girl.’ Mike rattled off. ‘Better get off, Sherlock. The Witch is coming.’
Maybe Sherlock had never forgiven John, just as John had never forgiven himself.
Mycroft was in there, though Greg and his kids were nowhere to be seen. The announcer looked nervous, sneaking quick looks at John and Sherlock when he thought they weren’t looking.
Sherlock walked over to the oven and looked at it carefully. He hadn't ever used an oven before (Mrs Hudson, his housekeeper, cooked all his meals for him) and had absolutely no clue how to use one.
And if he leaves him...the thought fills Sherlock with a cold sense of dread. He would cross that bridge when he came to it.
Mycroft stepped forwards and said, ‘the coronation of my younger brother will take place in the July of next year. He will be known as King Sherlock.’
you can do about it.’ And with that he turned on his heel and stormed out of the door. Lestrade sighed, nodded at Sherlock, smiled at Mrs Holmes, picked up his other son and followed his partner out the door.
Molly made a squeaking sound and said breathily, ‘I would love too. I want to be a p-p-path-‘
As Sherlock trailed after her into the kitchen he debated prying; he even opened his mouth to say something, but before he could a tiny voice in the back of his mind whispered she doesn't want to talk about it. Be decent and silent.
‘He’s right, Mycroft.’ Irene smiled sweetly at the older man, who huffed and looked away (Mycroft had a huge problem with Irene, though Sherlock didn't understand why) as Sherlock smiled widely. He didn’t know why he had this subconscious need to impress Irene, to have Irene on his side, for Irene to pat his head and tell him what a clever little boy he was, but it hadn't gone away yet, even though he'd known Irene for almost two years and been fucking her for about eighteen months. He had no way to stop it, and Irene clearly liked it: she had a love for power almost as great as that of James Moriarty, which should have made Sherlock uneasy but didn't.
John frowned. One of the A.T’s had taken their luggage to the room and Jenny had gone to find Paul, Mike’s father. The two of them were very good friends and had been since the first year the Watson family had gone to the resort: John half suspected there was something else going on there. ‘What do you mean, dead?’
The last thing John learned on the holiday was that he was totally and irrevocably in love with Sherlock Holmes.
‘Thirty years, Lord Sherlock,’ Colin says, and Sherlock huffs. ‘I haven’t seen Mycroft for half a century. Let’s read it, then.’
Molly’s ‘brilliant’ idea was simple; Sherlock would bake cookies which spelled out John, will you go to prom with me? Originally, Sherlock had planned to spell out John, will you come to the large social gathering involving dancing, secret drinking and everyone pretending to like each other held annually for the year 13’s at Sherwood Grammar School with me but Molly had said that would take far too long both to do and to bake, especially considering Sherlock was absolutely awful at turning the little lumps of dough into letters.
Sherlock stood up suddenly, startling John and everyone else in the room: even Jim and Victor, who were hiding in the corner feeling each other up, paused and turned. ‘I need- um. More drinks.’ He looked at John. ‘Come with me?’
Sherlock knew this was it the moment he woke up, on that normal day in December, lying in his normal bed, at the normal time, as the normal sun streamed through his curtains and threw warm golden light at the dark shadows on his walls. He knew this was it because, for the first time, he had woken up feeling free and unburdened: a far cry from his normal state, which was caged and miserable.
Sherlock glanced backwards. Compared to the intense crowd in the waiting room, the balcony was deserted; only Sherlock, his father, his stepmother, the announcer (
‘Fuck this,’ Hamish gasped, and he flipped Sherlock around so he was on top of the younger man, hands frantically working at Sherlock’s tie. ‘These do nothing for you, never wear them again.’
Sherlock’s grin faded slightly. ‘Did he look angry?’
‘I didn’t mean to.’ Harry said, words slightly slurred. It hadn’t been as noticeable when she was shouting, and John was hit by an unmistakeable wave of disappointment. ‘I just-‘
Rosie was wrinkling her nose, John thought, as she said, ‘Ugh. Clearly they’re going to be just like you. Constantly delaying everyone.’
A murmur went up around the crowd; most of them had expected Sherlock to take his father’s name. Mycroft waited for the noise to go down and said, ‘Long live Sherlock William Scott. Long live the King.’
The staircase was huge. Dressed in his heavy robes, Sherlock was tired in minutes. He was climbing for almost ten minutes and, as he sighted a small trapdoor slightly above him and breathed out a sigh of relief, he wondered if it led to the roof, and why Mrs Hudson had sent him up there.
. He hadn’t seen his Sherlock, his beautiful, intelligent, funny Sherlock, hadn't touched his brilliant, amazing, incredible Sherlock, and it was getting harder and harder to carry on.
Sherlock ducked through a door and began effortlessly making his way through the palace. John was grateful they didn’t pass anyone, though not surprised; it must have had over two hundred rooms, six floors and huge grounds. Sherlock ran up four flights of stairs and down two hallways, stopping when he saw an older woman making her way down the corridor.
And then he comes back.
It’s like that with almost everyone. Mrs Hudson, Lizzie, even Mycroft, who actually cries as he holds his nephew. Nathaniel looks very like Sherlock, with the dark curls and blue/green eyes (
‘Yes. Quite. And now, you are in the early stages of a relationship, but when I look at you I still see that little boy with the wild curly hair who used to beg me to play pirates with him, and I know that when you leave, Sherlock, your loss will break my heart.’ Mycroft stopped, an expression of utter shock on his face; clearly he hadn't meant to say as much as he did.
‘They love you,’ Greg said when John finally sat down, breathless. ‘How do you do it?’
John tried to protest but Mycroft had already walked away. He looked around, looking for someone who would understand, but the nearest person was Lestrade, who clearly didn't speak English, so he just squared his shoulders and went outside.
I just- I haven't seen Sherlock for a year, and he’s my best friend, and suddenly I come here and I’m not-‘
but John
‘You’re going,’ Violet said. It wasn’t a command, more of a statement, but the tears welling in Sherlock’s eyes finally leaked over and he jumped up. ‘I
Six months later, he had met John, and he had seen the sun again.
‘But I might get clients out of this,’ Irene whined. The idea to continue presenting Irene Adler as Sherlock’s girlfriend had been, unsurprisingly, Mycroft’s idea; he seemed to revel in cocking up Sherlock’s relationship with John. Unfortunately, before Sherlock was able to protest, Irene had agreed, insisting that it was a great way to attract clients to her dominatrix business.
The boy (slash man- he couldn’t have been older than eighteen or nineteen, but he had an air of someone superior) rolled his eyes. ‘SORRY! I meant, how can I help you?’
Sherlock shook his head frantically. ‘John-‘
Sherlock couldn’t speak. He couldn’t understand why this boy, this brave, good, boy, would ever want to engage in a relationship with him, with the screwed-up, emotionally absent Prince, but if John was foolish enough to want to, Sherlock would never, ever stop him.
Sherlock had always told him that Mycroft was emotionless; nothing scared him, upset him, made him feel joy. Mycroft was empty inside, Sherlock said.
Sherlock cracked up laughing as the guests looked suitably impressed and slightly offended. Victor was his oldest friend, the only person he truly liked, the only person he let himself like and grow close to. He had grown up with Victor and Victor hadn’t ditched him, therefore Victor never would ditch him.
‘He’s second-in-line, isn’t he?’ John asked. ‘If Sherlock died-‘
John’s eyebrows shot up. ‘
James was pushing him backwards, pushing him down on the bed, straddling him and Sherlock knew exactly what they were going to do and said with his last shred of decency said, ‘John-‘ but James just shook his head and whispered, ‘he’s gone, Sherlock. Probably screwing one of his friends. Probably been cheating on you all along, hasn’t he, gorgeous?’
Sherlock had smiled slightly. ‘Not my fault, Myc. It’s just-‘
Molly smiled shyly (even after knowing her since he was twelve, John had never seen Molly Hooper confident) and glanced at Sherlock. ‘I know how you feel, John.’
Irene chuckled and Sherlock smiled proudly; Mycroft shot her an exasperated look, glared at Sherlock and pulled out his phone. ‘This is a big event, Sherlock, and we need it to go perfectly. The eyes of the world are on us and we can
John was giggling to himself, looking out the window, clearly thinking about Sherlock’s insane grandmother. She was eighty-one years old, but as healthy as her son, Sherlock’s father, and looked almost as young. She was rude and patronising and hadn’t really accepted that it wasn’t the 1960’s anymore, but she was also the funnest, most interesting person in Sherlock’s family.
The initial hatred of Sherlock had evaporated completely from John.
John nodded quickly in agreement and looked away, though he almost told Mike that he hadn't been watching them because he was a giant perv, he’d been watching and remembering how happy he’d been when Irene had come back on the third day of John’s fourth summer holiday at the resort and made an instant beeline for Janine, ignoring Sherlock completely. God, John had been so pleased that he’d walked around for the whole day with an annoying smile on his face that Sherlock had taken about a million pictures of.
‘I don’t know what to do,’ comes a voice from the door. ‘He won’t stop, Papa.’
‘John,’ John corrected quietly.
Irene stood up and grabbed her bag, heading for the door. ‘I promise you won’t fall in love with me, Sher.’ She ruffled his hair and left the room, yelling ‘see ya!’ before kicking the wall outside Sherlock’s room to annoy Mycroft.
John had stopped trying about six months previously. He convinced himself he didn’t love Sherlock (he didn’t. Honestly. Definitely didn’t). He had stopped thinking about Sherlock (or at least tried too). He started studying again, just about managing to get his degree. He started speaking to his friends, started dating, even. No boys (he just wasn’t attracted to them; Sherlock was a one-off) but plenty of girls.
He got up, threw his baggy grey shirt on over his pyjama bottoms, and padded into the living room, where a note from John lay on the table. Sherlock picked it up, scanned it (
John frowned. It was Mycroft, his face projected onto every single television screen in the empire. He was immaculate, as usual, but…
‘Suits you,’ Sherlock said, and then he turned on his heel and abruptly moved into the crowd. ‘Come.’
‘Prince George,’ John said.
The three of them watched him saunter away. ‘Did anyone else see the orange stain on his top lip?’ Sherlock’s father whispered.
Morag’s mouth fell open. ‘I’m your son’s advisor, madam-‘
), Archie, Mycroft, his cousins Lilia (
‘My dear Irene, I fear you may be right.’
Sherlock spun around, imprisoning John in his arms, and bent down to kiss him once, chaste, gentle, a promise of things to come. ‘You’ll never have to miss me again, John.’
‘I love him.’ Sherlock screamed. ‘I love him in a way I will never love you, James Moriarty, and I always will. You killed my subjects, you spread rumours about my family. You betrayed my trust and then left with no explanation. John has never and will never do anything like that, James, and that’s why I would choose him over you every single day of the week-‘
The limo stopped and Sherlock immediately stood up. ‘Thank God that’s over,’ he said. ‘Now, let us never speak of this again.’
John made a noise of agreement. ‘But that’s the way I want it.’ Sherlock nodded contentedly, his curls tickling the back of John’s neck, but John didn’t care because Sherlock was there, Sherlock was with him and Sherlock was fine, John was fine, everything was fine.
‘But it’ll be funny,’ Sherlock pleaded quietly, smiling at the paparazzi on the other side of the street. God, he hated them, those leeches, following him around like parasites. ‘Please? All you have to do is pull down your pants and run. They can't show your face so you're home free. Please, Jawn?’
Harry and John repeated the phrase with ease and Mycroft smiled. ‘Excellent. Well, if you need me, I’m with this group.’ He pointed at the older teenagers before saying slyly, ‘Which is called…?’
It felt good, when he said it, but as he trotted after Irene there was an ache in his heart that had not been there before. The mist cleared and he said aloud, ‘oh no.’
but he was drowning. His breathing was off and his heart was racing all around his body-
‘Yeah, I know, I was just making sure. So…you’re completely unattached.’
‘Don’t!’ Mycroft almost shouted, standing up. His ridiculously expensive chair flew backwards, whacking into the equally as expensive cabinet, and an even pricier vase fell off, crashing onto the floor in a million expensive pieces. Mycroft sighed and settled himself firmly in his seat. ‘Now look what you’ve done, brother mine. That was a gift from the emperor of Bhutan when Princess Madeline was born.’
‘He says it pay back,’ Alec noted, and Mycroft turned his withering glare to his son. ‘Not helping, Alexander-‘
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something but was immediately interrupted by a voice from behind him. ’Well, well, well. It looks like Sherlock’s made a new
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he considered the name before shaking his head. ‘There’s been a King John.’ He was sprawled in his chair in his bedroom; the sun had set hours before and he was watching the stars appreciatively.
A start and an end, all in one kiss, and as Sherlock pulls away he knows that it will never happen again because they may have been perfect, they may have been infinite, but their paths were never in the same place at the same time. ‘John-‘
And if John left him, Sherlock honestly didn’t know what he would do.
you,’ he screamed, and then he ran up to his bedroom, threw himself on his bed, and cried.
‘Back, please.’ Sherlock replied. ‘John’s coming too, Jack.’
The moment his eyes rest on the words, the match falls from suddenly-limp fingers.
‘Johnny, are you fucking the heir to the throne of our country?’ The older girl said, recovering first. Sherlock raised an eyebrow and scanned her; she made direct eye contact and lifted her head up. Sherlock liked it when they did that, clearly this girl was more like John than he had originally thought.
Now, as Sherlock walks into the swimming pool building where Carl Powers breathed his last, he is finally ready to admit it. He’s
‘I need Rosie, I have some ideas to bounce off her.’ Sherlock tapped his foot against the floor impatiently, and held out his arms for his favourite little Watson. ‘Rosie! Come to Sherlock!’
‘Guys,’ John said slowly. ‘This is Sherlock.’
ago) and taken back to the palace, shown to the big dining hall. It was full of nobles; several tried to congratulate Sherlock but he just waved them off because now all he wanted was to find John, that was all, nothing else mattered.
Sherlock’s face broke out into a breath-taking smile, lighting up his eyes and crinkling his nose. ‘So that’s…’
‘I’d have to sign it, Lestrade, of course he would know it was from me.’ Sherlock snapped. Lestrade chuckled and shook his head. ‘Nah, that’s the beauty of it. If he says no, then you can just say you never wrote anything and someone was just taking the mic.’
/four weeks later/
Maybe one day Sherlock would do all those things. But today, Sherlock just nodded and said, ‘yes, Sir.’
Rosie wrinkled her nose, as she always did when someone uses her full first name, and flopped on a wooden chair by the door. ‘Papa, I am
, was not natural.’
a native.’
And then, in a gesture as old as time and yet absolutely brand new, all at the same time, Sherlock dropped to one knee.
He may not have liked the Royal family but seriously. The most famous teenager in the country, empire, continent, world was sitting in front of him, wearing a tourist’s cap and smiling in a way that shouldn’t be legal-
. The man hadn’t signed off (at least, Sherlock insisted it was a man) but the letters were mostly about Sherlock and how Sebastian was spying on him. Sherlock had been a bit disappointed that someone else who he'd actually
,’ Sherlock said, eyebrows creasing as he stared at the bottle in his hand. ‘This wine is
‘Don’t say that, John says that.’ Sherlock peeled back the body’s jumper, revealing the single bullet wound over the heart. ‘Ah. I see.’ He moved to the end of the corpse and removed one of the shoes and then the sock, examining the sole of the corpse’s feet.
John looked at Sherlock for a long time before eventually saying, ‘It’s not a no.’ He heard Sherlock breathe out very slowly and hastily added, ‘But it’s not a yes.’
‘Atta boy,’ John said, coming into the room. Charlie was trailing behind him, closely followed by her dog, Redbeard. They were wearing matching expressions of disgust and Sherlock had to resist laughing as Charlie looked at him, big blue eyes reproachful.
Molly rolled her eyes slightly. ‘Me and Irene are going stag.’
John hesitated before frowning. ‘God, why am I considering this? Seriously, Sher. I’ll be kicked out of the country. Do they still execute people in the Tower?’
‘I cannot disagree there,’ the boy laughed, smiling, but John was far too aware of every eye in the tiny building being fixed on them. ‘What are your names?’
And then, Smith said, a helicopter had appeared. The soldiers had all been staring at it, wondering what it was (no new troops were due until the end of August) and even Sholto had been looking confused as it landed.
and chuckles. ‘That was only a couple of months before you died, wasn't it? I know it’s been five years, Sherlock, but I can remember it so,
he wants to scream.
‘Bi.’
Sherlock looked up, seemingly thoroughly shocked. ‘John, I almost killed you-‘
Who was she? What was her name? What was her relationship with Sherlock?
‘There was no body.’
John had no idea what that stood for (they were in France, so he assumed it was something French) and didn't really care: personally, he would much rather stay with his mum.
‘Dwelling?’ John repeated, a smile breaking out on his face despite the fact his brain wasn’t functioning properly. ‘Who says dwelling?’
John suddenly looked around, realising Sherlock was gone. ‘Where the fuck did he go?’
‘Hooray!’ Charlie was dancing around the sitting room, Redbeard bounding around her. ‘Thank you, Daddy! I love you forever!’
‘Ah. Good.’ John still sounded nervous and Sherlock wondered if he should ask him what was going on before thinking better of it; he was far too busy. ‘Anything else?’
‘It will make a point.’ Sherlock replied, and for a moment John felt incredibly depressed. He was just a random commoner that Sherlock was going to use to piss off his father-
A cold shiver of fear ran up his spine. No one could see that picture. It was proof of him and Sherlock’s love and relationship, a relationship that was meant to be secret and
Usually.
it) and Sherlock was trying desperately to undo the button on John’s shorts, his hand slipping drunkenly against the silver metal-
‘Just an S?’
There was a blank look that came over Jim’s face. It was like he shut off the more human side of him, the side that enjoyed musicals and the BeeGees and swimming and anything involving the royal family and fully embraced the part that enjoyed guns and terrorism and the light fading out of the eyes of a dying child.
It was only a short ten days later that everything had been ruined.
And, most importantly, how could John help him to realise just how brilliant he was?
There was a sudden rush: people began stepping, dancing, skipping forwards. All the letters in the incredibly long acronym - lesbian, gay, bisexuals, transgender, queer, asexual, ally and others- all blending together in a brilliant snake of sight, sound and smell. There was nothing more alive than those who had to fight every single day to have the lives they needed, to have lives which were valued, to have lives which mattered as all human lives should, and in that moment John felt a bursting of pride in his heart: pride in mankind, in the people around him and most importantly himself.
‘There is no one else here but them. If Sherlock were to kill himself, it would be for nothing. Listen, John, you have to believe me-‘
John groaned and flicked his head back. ‘I can’t get mixed up with this,’ he murmured to himself. He didn’t know why he cared so much, he barely knew the boy, and he
The square was packed; there were twice as many guards. As the balcony doors began to open, Henry murmured, ‘do you think they’ll tell us how he died?’
‘I don’t know what planet you’re living on, Johnny, but this place is a shithole.’ Harry poked the door, grimacing when she pulled her finger back. ‘Why is this door so dirty? How can a door
Sherlock didn’t need to say anything to that: instead he sat still, occasionally wrinkling his nose when John tickled him. ‘You’re not exactly dressed up yourself.’
) from some third-world country and winking at a girl (
Sherlock sat up. ‘I hate you,’ he said, trying not to smile. ‘You’re right even more regularly than I am.’
This was when John noticed the woman behind Harry. She had dark brown eyes and chocolate skin and she was looking at Harry like she wasn’t a recovering alcoholic with no qualifications, a screwed-up lesbian who still lived with her parents.
Sherlock blinked. ‘I don’t- it’s been a while. Shall I-‘ He stepped forward and raised his right hand to cradle John’s head (John’s breath shuddered in his throat) and placed his other hand on John’s back. ‘Ok?’
‘Can’t argue with that,’ John agreed, and Sherlock reached for the last bottle. He lifted it up, smiling at John with lidded eyes. ‘To friends.’
Maybe this was why he was able to get through the next hour, John realised later.
him. I thought he
actually
‘If it’s from you,’ Sherlock smiled, ‘So I like it.’ And with that he jammed the deerstalker onto his head, picked up the suitcase and marched onwards. ‘Allons-y, John. We have things to do.’
Morag’s eyes flicked over the people in the room. She avoided at Mycroft, dismissed Trisha, blinked at Sherlock and glared at John. John didn’t move, staring straight back at her, that evil woman, that bitch, one of the main reasons why he and Sherlock had to hide their feelings for each other, as if they were ashamed-
Rosie squealed, and Greg covered his ears with both hands. ‘Is it happening? Papa, Dad, am I going to be a big sister?!’ She sprung to her feet, clapping her hands ecstatically (numbly, it occurred to John that his daughter should not be dancing around a corpse, but it was not the time to correct her behaviour). ‘Right.’ He took Sherlock’s phone, scrolling through the message quickly, and then nodded.
‘Sorry.’ John replied, facing forwards. ‘It’s just- you’re only doing this because-‘
Nathaniel says his first word when he’s six months old.
‘I will.’
John,
‘What were they?’ John gasped, and Sherlock wanted to tell him to shut up, to leave, now, and he wanted to tell him everything he had kept from him before James could, but his mouth wasn't working and his voice was catching in his throat and he couldn't believe that James Moriarty still had the power to paralyse him like this. Once again, Sherlock felt like a lonely fifteen year old who couldn't believe that someone was actually showing interest in him and he
Jim licked his lips and continued, ‘whenever you want. You can go back to John, continue being in a relationship with him, despite the fact he clearly doesn’t trust you, didn’t listen to you when you tried to explain, probably doesn’t even love you-‘
Mycroft’s smile faded and he looked away. ‘Not officially, but I have my suspicions.’
Isla congratulates Nathaniel, who smiles at her and kisses his niece’s soft, downy hair, before Lizzie pulls him into a tight hug. ‘Oh, Natty. I’m so proud of you.’
‘Archie out from under my feet for a while. Archie loves John,’ Sherlock continued. ‘And my father adores having someone to discuss rugby with. Mycroft and I are not the most athletic-‘
Siger’s eyebrows raised. ‘Is that- is that
‘I want you to be the first to see them, Papa,’ Nathaniel is saying, and John just nods, standing up and hugging his son tight to him, before following him into the delivery room.
thing to say, with a sneer on his face and rolling his eyes, but James wasn’t here and Sherlock could do as he wanted.
‘A poem.’
John’s eyes, Sherlock realised, had tiny flecks of green in them.
‘FUCK!’ Lila screamed, and Horatio groaned as she clutched his hand. ‘I’m sorry, darling
John glanced at the clock in the hallway and groaned inwardly at the time: ten to three in the morning in the morning. Jenny, meanwhile, shook her head and said in confusion, ‘No?’
He couldn’t listen as Sherlock talked about how they had found no cause of death, how it had been sudden, how much of a shock it was. He didn’t hear Sherlock paying tribute to his father, didn’t see the tears tracking down Trisha’s face, or Archie’s pinched eyes, or the sorrow in Mycroft's face as he stared at his little brother.
Sherlock groaned, and the elevator grinded to a halt. ‘I do
John inhaled sharply, just as Rosie made the same noise. ‘What?’
Sherlock shook his head. ‘No one will ask you to rule as consort-‘
And then he gets shot and sent back to London and everything seems grey.
They sat by the window, and Sherlock made John a cup of coffee and brought a piece of chocolate cake, which he
Waits for the adrenalin that he knows will kick in, waiting for the rush that he knows
John pushed Hunter towards Smith, who dropped to his knees and grabbed Hunter's face, openly crying as he gasped, 'Hunter, Hunter, no, Hunter, Hunter-'
John just stared at him incredulously. ‘This is in no way your fault. I was shot, for Christ’s sake, in the desert, by the people I’m fighting. You were in no way involved, love.’
Sherlock smiled, a feeling that he couldn’t quite place bubbling in his chest, and held out the slip of paper that he’d written his number on just before John had led him from the hall. ‘Call me, John Watson?’
‘None of your business.’ John said again. ‘Seriously, stop talking to me and piss off.’
‘And we just thought it was wise to warn you to…to be careful.’ Trisha continued, looking nervously at John. John had known this family for over a year and a half and they still treated him like a porcelain doll that might break at any second. John suspected that they were just trying not to scare him away because of how happy he made Sherlock, but it was still moderately to extremely creepy at times.
John didn't (
And then there were the students.
He flung the door open, before turning and glowering at his brother-in-law. ‘Tell no one,’ he spat.
Pounding into him ruthlessly, still clothed, Sherlock’s nails scraping uselessly against the silky material of James’ Westwood suit and John was banished from his mind, what James did was banished from his mind, how James had got into his fucking bedroom was banished from his mind.
‘They lost the ashes, mate.’ John said, laughing helplessly. ‘Oh my god, stop, I’m going to die.’
Morag, who Sherlock had fired almost immediately after he was crowned. Morag, who Sherlock had banned from setting foot in the castle. Morag, who had given Sherlock that horrible nanny. Morag, who had brought Jim Moriarty into Sherlock’s rooms as John waited for him and smiled, saying in a sugary voice, ‘hello, John. This is Sherlock’s friend Jim. Keep him company for a bit, hmm?’
Irene sighed. ‘Why, are you scared it will be awkward because you abandoned him on the roof after heavily making out with him, left the next day without saying goodbye and then didn't contact him for a year?’ When John looked guilty, Irene smiled smugly. ‘He told me when I first got here, about a month ago. He was pretty torn up about it,
‘Maybe,’ Sherlock said doubtfully. Personally, he thought the idea of body parts was brilliant (actually, truly brilliant, he would be amazed if John ever did anything like that for him) but he saw John being less than delighted. In fact, he saw John vomiting at the sight of the tongue, gazing in horror at the teeth and fainting clean away when Sherlock tried to tap dance with a pair of severed feet.
A flicker of annoyance passed over James’s face when John said Victor’s name: he hadn't liked the other boy, seeing him as competition for Sherlock, and Sherlock realised with a spark of pleasure that James hadn't quite gotten over him either but
and it made John feel better, to see him like that.
‘William?’ Charlotte said in surprise. ‘His name’s Sherlock! Who are you, anyway? Random women were not allowed inside the palace in my day.’
‘This looks
‘Disgusting,’ John repeated. Got it.’
John was speechless.
‘Penny for your thoughts?’
Sherlock sniffed, and as he stared up at John, he saw that twelve year old boy who’d made sarcastic comments in French at him, and he loved him more for that. ‘Promise?’
They hadn’t known their father; they hadn’t known their siblings. They weren’t upset, because they hadn’t been allowed to possibly ever meet the man who had fathered them.
Sherlock mock-gasped as he slammed the post-it note onto John’s forehead, missing and whacking the chair. ‘M’ curls are
He burst out of the trapdoor and almost dropped the gun still clutched his hand.
’ she managed to gasp out, eyes flickering with hatred. Henry paused, sensing trouble, before meekly saying, ‘I wanted to see my children.’
‘What the hell is wrong with you at the moment, John?’ Sherlock shouted. He had enough of John. He had a right to be angry about not being able to go public with Sherlock but seriously. Every time John walked into the room, everyone was instantly pissed off.
) and was about to open the white door when Sherlock laid a hand on his shoulder.
‘Est-ce que vous ne jouez pas?’ - Are you not playing?
His nose nuzzled in John’s pubic hair, Sherlock sucked John’s dick as hard as he could, fondling his balls, staring up at him all the while. John collapsed back on the pillow, bucking into Sherlock’s mouth as he gasped, ‘Jesus, Sherlock, just like that, god, keep going-‘
But as John kissed him, his soft, slightly chapped lips pressed lightly against Sherlock’s, it felt like his mind was exploding in a way it hadn’t done when he had had his first, second, third etc. kisses.
, over and over, tell him that by cheating on him Sherlock made the worst mistake of his life, that he’d do anything to have John back in his life, back as his boyfriend and that he loved him, loved him so much it made his heart ache just to think about it because
Honestly, John was surprised that they had as long as they did. It was a big secret, and Sherlock’s private life was so closely monitored that six months was honestly a miracle. In those six months only Harry, Mycroft, and Trisha had found out: John had told Mike and Molly, though they had scarcely been able to believe it. They’d all been sworn to secrecy and as far as John knew, none had said a word, and he had actually begun to believe that they might get away with it: Sherlock’s father might never find out.
And soon there would be a final addition, half-Sherlock and half-John, and as John stared at his partner, who was now frantically discussing the benefits and disadvantages of the name ‘Octavia with his daughter, he was overwhelmed with how lucky he was, how lucky his daughter was, and how lucky his soon-to-be child was.
then,’ Sherlock said, flushing slightly pink at being corrected in front of all the detectives. ‘I dislike it when you give me advice. Please don’t.’
Sherlock picked up a bit of beef and chewed it. ‘Well. This beef is a little tender for me.’
Mrs Hudson was looking at him and her eyebrows had creased in a strange way. ‘Pleased to meet you,’ John said, sticking out his hand. Mrs Hudson shook it gently and looked at Sherlock, before saying, ‘how lovely that you’ve found someone, Sherlock!’
The second person who had died in John's arms had given him nightmares for weeks.
‘You mean…’ Sherlock trailed off. Morag laughed delightedly. ‘Yes, Sherlock. She was having an affair. It may have even started while she was pregnant. Truthfully, she never knew if you were William’s child; you had her eyes, you see.’
Never.
‘God save King Sherlock!’ The crowd cried in unison. It occurred to Sherlock that they might have cue cards.
‘Don’t contact me,’ John said. ‘Don’t come after me. Have a good life, Sherlock Holmes, with your little murdering whore.’
Sherlock finished rotating in front of the Royal Box and looked up.
doesn’t break his wrist: rather, his soulmate does, and, of course, the injury reflects itself exactly on Sherlock. He’s awoken by a horrible pain and screams as loudly as he can: his mother runs, his father runs, even his overweight brother runs, crowding around his bed as he cries and cries, watching the bright red bruises pop up all over his left arm. It’s happened before, of course it has, in the form of red scratches or red lumps on a banged head, even red spots all over his body from what must have been chickenpox, but never like this. Never this bad.
After a long period of deliberation, Sherlock decided to put Jim’s idea in the maybe pile.
John, who was more surprised by the suggestion that he should dirty dance with Sherlock, stared at his friend in bemusement.
‘John.’ Sherlock breathed, squinting across the roof. A slight movement caught his eye and his eyes instantly started watering as he saw John, a dark figure just a few feet away from him, perched at the edge of the roof of Buckingham palace, and he felt his heart start beating again, noticeable once more in his chest, and he had missed John more than anything, anything,
Please leave kudos and comment :)
‘Watson!’
Because for a second, Sherlock was tempted.
‘If I want to what?’ John said, and he was suddenly angry, so so angry, angry at this nanny and Sherlock's father and that
It was depressing having such a talented friend, but at the same time it was awesome. Sherlock was the most popular kid at the resort, and as his best friend, John was as well.
‘DON’T MAKE ME LAUGH, SHERLOCK, YOU HAVE ABOUT AS MUCH COMMON SENSE AS CHRISTOPHER HERE-‘
And Sherlock looked into his eyes, the eyes of this random boy who he’d never even met before, and realised that he felt happier than he had felt in years.
‘And thirdly,’ Sherlock murmured, swallowing nervously, palms sweating, ‘and thirdly, we inform the world that King Sherlock William Scott and Doctor John Hamish Watson will be getting married in the near future, because King Sherlock William Scott loves Doctor John Hamish Watson more than anything else in the world, and that without Doctor John Hamish Watson King Sherlock William Scott’s life is incomplete, and when they are apart he feels like he is missing a part of himself. King Sherlock William Scott also wants to know if Doctor John Hamish Watson, um, shares these feelings?’
Sherlock closed his eyes; John could see his eyeballs working furiously behind his lids and he prayed that Sherlock would realise that John was telling the truth. He prayed that Irene had been telling the truth and he prayed that Sherlock would realise that Jim was just manipulating him.
William opened his mouth, probably to say something about how the heir to the throne must never obey, but Charlotte interrupted, saying, ‘John? Who’s John?’
‘How the hell am I meant to know?’ John said miserably, dreading going home to the awkward tension between his mother and Harry. ‘I just know you’re dressed stupidly, trying to hide your face, and you sound slightly familiar.’
Mycroft had been crying.
The little boy grinned and sprinted to Sherlock, who had sat down in the blue chair in the corner, and jumped on his knees. ‘Hello, Sherlock!’ He shouted.
tightly
‘No,’ John heard himself saying, and William was just staring at him, head cocked. ‘John Watson, we already worked this all out before you got here. We’ve been debating it for four hours and this is the fairest option I could tolerate…’
He didn't think he had the capacity to love but he does, he so clearly does, because he has never felt like this before. Even the thrill doesn't seem important anymore because Sherlock is
Sherlock stepped up to the microphone and took a deep breath. He glanced at John, smiled, and turned back to the crowd.
‘I’m a curse, John!’ Sherlock cried, glaring at his partner, and John didn’t understand why Sherlock was so convinced of that, why he thought it was his fault, and he just said, ‘why would you think that?’
Henry’s smile instantly disappeared. Jenny’s head shot up. The A.T looked amazed.
Jenny smiled at him, stroking back his wet blonde hair. ‘Hey, Johnny. What are you doing here?’
‘The roof!’ Morag shouted. ‘The roof…’
Sherlock winced. ‘Please, Archibald.’ He said jokingly. ‘Not so loud.’
‘Right,’ Sherlock replied, looking at John as if he was an absolute idiot. ‘Right. Cos that’s what I wanted you to think about at this moment.’
The first thing John noticed when he walked into the room, Lestrade in front of him and the bodyguard behind him, was Sherlock, his back to John. John was hit by a wave of relief so powerful he almost blacked out; he very nearly ran straight to Sherlock and kissed him, saying never do that again, that he thought he was dead, that he would never let him go ever again if Sherlock was going to do that to him-
Arthur is visiting the cemetery to pay his respects to his dead grandad when he finds the letter. It’s on a grave that he comes to often: the man who is buried there has a funny name (
After the ceremony Nathaniel runs over with Charlotte, smiling as widely as John has ever seen him smile. He’s so like Sherlock that it hurts to look at him, sometimes: the same sharp cheekbones, the same tall, slender, dancer’s build, the same eyes and the same curly black hair. The only notable differences are the dimples, the left-handedness and slightly shorter face, which Nathaniel seems to like. ‘I don't want to be his clone,’ he’s said more than once. ‘I’m my own person.’
Morag sighed. ‘Don’t sound so shocked, Sherlock. Of course I did. I had to get you as King as soon as possible; I needed Archie to have to take over when he was young.’
Sherlock spoke first. ‘I’m the groom’s brother. Mycroft’s brother.’
Rosie. Irene Adler. James Moriarty.’ Rosie shut her eyes. ‘I
Smith told him how, about ten hours after John had been shot, they had all been awake, sitting outside the medical tent waiting for news. Half the camp were there; a good thirty, forty troops sitting outside the medical tent. John was well-liked, and a lot of people had cared what happened to him. It was about five; the sun was just starting to set, Smith said, when suddenly, there had been a noise from the sky.
It was like a jab to the gut, a feeling of longing and want and sadness so acute that Sherlock would have doubled over if he had been able to, but he couldn't, because he was a King, and nothing mattered to a King but his Kingdom. He wrenched his arm from Morag's grip and said, voice trembling with barely-contained anger, ‘I swear on my life, my Kingdom and God that the moment that crown touches my head I will fire you, Morag. If I can get away with it, I’ll exile you. If the death penalty was still allowed, I would
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. ‘John. I am very- ‘scuse me- not wrong. I am
A creak of a door, and Sherlock raises his gaze to meet the eyes of a thirty-year-old with eyes that have seen over eight decades, leaning heavily on a sword.
John furrowed his eyebrows, unsure what Sherlock could possibly mean. ‘What, me getting shot?’ He meant it as a joke but Sherlock looked up at him, eyes brimming with tears, and nodded. ‘People get close to me and get hurt, John. I’m a canker. I’m poisonous. I’m dangerous-‘
Sherlock shuffled awkwardly. ‘Um. Yes.’
century, the war and the tension and the possibility of world destruction at all times. Sherlock can’t pretend that he wasn’t a little bit curious to see if he would survive a nuclear holocaust, but it never happened (or, as he’s quick to remind himself, it hasn’t happened yet).
‘Who?’ John asked curiously, though his mind was still on James Moriarty. He remembered the King saying that Moriarty had helped with the attacks on New Years, but Sherlock seemed to be saying that he had been very close with the terrorist. A part of John wanted to ask more questions but then Sherlock smiled, the sadness gone, and stood. ‘You, John Watson.’ He said matter-of-factly. ‘Come.’
my God
And quite suddenly, he started talking.
‘I love you,’ John whispered, and never had he meant it more as he looked at the man in front of him, the man whose twisted past had haunted him since he was barely more than a toddler, the man who had hurt him and puzzled him and angered him for eight years, the man who he knew he could never leave because Sherlock was just as much a part of him as his heart or his brain, and he couldn’t function without him.
It was like being hit by a sledgehammer.
When John was ten, he ended up in the middle of the London pride parade with his parents and sister.
‘Sherlock.’
‘Don’t.’ Sherlock sounded almost back to normal, sitting up in his chair and steepling his hands under his chin. ‘We’ll do it.’
As he annotated his copy of Lolita, he asked innocently, ‘so what are your plans for the large social gathering involving dancing, secret drinking and everyone pretending to like each other held annually for the year 13’s at Sherwood Grammar School?’
Mycroft didn’t attempt to comfort him; the moment John had stopped speaking he was off, sprinting surprisingly quickly and leaving John in the hallway, alone.
‘I like beautiful things,’ Sherlock said simply. ‘And this is a beautiful thing. Just because it’s stupid doesn't mean I can’t appreciate it.’
‘I was right, John. You are worth more than my friend. You are worth more than my family. And you are worth more than my kingdom.’
‘Mais ma loyauté est avec la France, John Watson, et tu.’ - But my loyalty is with France, John Watson, and you.
‘How could you possibly-‘
‘Don’t be.’ Sherlock said, surprised. She hadn’t thrown him out, yet, and he’d been here a good five minutes;
‘Is that supposed to mean something to me?’ John sighed. ‘What are you on about?’
Why hadn't John given Sherlock a chance? Why had he stormed off in the first place?
He hauled himself through the door and sighed. The cold wind on his face made his mind feel suddenly clear and he even forgot John, because he hadn’t realised he had been feeling slightly ill until now, when he was finally away from the bright lights and the boring relatives and the constant pressure that now he was King, King of an entire country, a Kingdom-
‘If you prefer it, your highness, of course I shall address you thus.’ Morag said sweetly. ‘A guest also arrived for you. I sent him into your room to wait, whilst your boyfriend is in the living room. I didn't recognise your guest but he had your password, so I decided he was…allowed.’
‘People don’t usually say that,’ Sherlock said. John frowned. ‘What do they usually say?’
Sherlock wondered what he had done; was John unhappy? What had he said? Sherlock knew John hated his middle name, was he angry that Sherlock had used it? ‘What’s wrong?’ He asked, voice unsure. ‘What did I do-‘
John was on his feet in seconds, standing against his bunk and squinting into the darkness. A shadow was making its way across the barracks but John couldn't quite make out who it was. All he knew was that they had been behind him and they had most likely seen the picture.
‘They’re all arrogant, snobbish twats who think they’re better than all of us.’ Harry snapped. ‘I think the revolutionaries have the right idea. Kill them all and start again-‘
He’d been thinking about the ninety nine pence he owed to the shop for a while, and now that he’d re-found it he
Siger closed his eyes. ‘Oh.’
Irene rolled her eyes. ’I told Mr Phillips that his wife was cheating on him with Mr Anderson-‘
John had also learned from Harriet, who was at home ‘studying’ (drinking), that somebody from their Dad’s old work who was still in touch with him had found out that their father’s girlfriend had had twins in early August. John had thought about this a lot, thinking about his father at home with newborns and a toddler, especially after Harry had called a few days after John arrived at the resort to tell him that ‘Dad told me their names. The twins are Daniel Hamish and Eleanor Harriet, for Christ’s sake. He wants to see us, Johnny, he misses us.’
‘You’ve allowed yourself to feel sentiment, though.’ Mycroft said, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. ‘For John Hamish Watson. In fact, you’ve allowed it more than once. Didn't you feel it for-‘
is another question. Now, Lestrade, show me the other body.’
There’s nothing to say, not now. Less to say than there was before, when he hadn’t seen the video, when he hadn’t come to his rescue, when they’d been broken and unfixable. Less to say than there ever has before, but maybe more, as well, because Sherlock can’t help but feel that John wants to say something-
As if reading his mind, Mike said, ‘I read about that case in the newspaper. It was
Sherlock turned towards John, grabbed the lapels on the other boy's jacket, and kissed him full on the mouth.
Sherlock shook his head. ‘Not tonight. Thinking.’
He grinned as he sat down and tore into his muffin. Ellie was younger than him, but Ellie was also hot and sixteen; he saw no reason why he wouldn’t try and ask her out.
John was staring at Sherlock, open-mouthed, and Sherlock was staring at his plate, instantly regretting it. ‘Sorry. Say that- say that again?’
‘God, yes,’ John breathed, and he took Sherlock’s hand and followed him away.
Hamish gasped theatrically. ‘
The waiter looked up innocently. ‘What? My name is Hamish.’
‘An official address?’ Mycroft cried. ‘They’re infants!’ They were standing behind the curtain, ready to go onto the balcony. Irene, standing next to Sherlock, looked amused.
John’s heart hardened.
Mike sighed. ‘He can’t be arsed to label everything because he knows where and what everything is.’
‘What?’ John asked, waving at Mike, who was just about visible at the edge of the courtyard.
‘John hates the body parts,’ Sherlock said mournfully. ‘He freaks every time he comes to my house and finds a head in the fridge. I don't think he would come to this event with me if I gave him a body part. Maybe if I promised to stop acquiring body parts…’
That was when he realised he was holding John’s hand.
The brown haired boy laughed, before slipping his arm around Sherlock’s waist and drawing him towards him. ‘I’ve got to go, babe,’ he whispered, and Sherlock nodded. ‘Understandable.’
‘Mrs Hudson!’ He shouted, running up to the woman and throwing his arms around her. She patted his hand, smiling up at him. ‘What a warm welcome!’ She smiled. ‘How are you, dear?’
Sherlock.’
. She worries that you’re not working enough.’
A voice in his head that sounded vaguely like Mycroft whispered
John nodded, blinking rapidly, and put his head in his hands. 'Why am I crying? I don't understand why I'm crying, Mum, Dad. He was a total prick to-' John took a deep shuddering breath and Harry patted his arm gently. 'I'm sorry, Johnny.' John looked up and noticed her eyes were rimmed with red: Harry had been
And he might call him, he thought, because Sherlock was one of those people that made you think that anything was possible.
‘Christ.’ Sherlock said hazily, and John wondered if he was going to throw up because Sherlock had been the one that had been adamant that nobody found out. He couldn't risk his family finding out because he honestly, genuinely seemed to think that they would punish him or banish him or even exile him. ‘Queen?’ His voice came back a little stronger, and John smiled slightly to himself: this was the Sherlock he knew and loved. ‘Queen? He’d be a King, Harriet. As you can clearly see, I have no want for a Queen.’
‘I have a talent for making myself look good, I know,’ Irene grinned, ‘and I couldn't wear my
John’s mother waved a hand at him, blinking rapidly. ‘No, no, no, not your fault, no-‘
Sherlock saw John take off his shoes and slipped off his trainers. John had asked him to dress casually, like a normal teenager, so Sherlock was wearing his only pair of jeans (Morag had bought them for him when he ‘volunteered’ at the soup kitchen in an attempt to show the public that the royal family were in touch with the common people) and a t-shirt John had bought him. It was a deep purple with dark swirls on it, and although Sherlock had originally thought it strangely feminine he loved it. The fabric was soft, the pattern was intricate, and most importantly it had been the first gift John had given him, and that made it special.
John slumped forwards in the grass.
‘I’m glad you said that.’ John handed his paintbrush to a random woman in all purple next to him, who gave him a thumbs up and promptly started painting the man to her right, before pulling off his shirt. ‘Ta da!’
‘To be expected,’ Sherlock nodded. ‘Those two have been after each other for years. Anyone else?’
, right? I’m like- get a room!’
John walked slowly, robotically towards Sherlock. He stopped in front of him and said, in a flat, monotonous voice, ‘if you loved me, Sherlock, you wouldn’t have slept with someone else. If you loved me, you’d have remembered me when you were fucking,’ John spat the word, ‘the person who killed over seven hundred-‘
He had been working on them for over an hour and was actually proud of what he had done. Molly had shaped the 'John', the 'will', the 'prom' and the 'with' while Sherlock had done all of the others.
‘You are!’ John grinned, and he was surprised to feel tears pricking his eyes. ‘Fuck, you are.’
He kicks the table, rips off the cabinet doors, throws the china at the walls and trashes the sitting room. He runs through the apartment, screaming out the names of his children but they’re
None of them knew who John’s boyfriend was, of course. It was still a secret, a very well kept secret, and John had been told before he'd left that he couldn't tell anyone. Sherlock’s family and staff knew, John’s family knew, but the news that the newly crowned King had a boyfriend had not been revealed to the public. Surprisingly, it had been Sherlock who had made this decision; his new advisor, a good looking blond named Sebastian Moran, had said that it would be perfectly ok if Sherlock wanted to come out. John couldn’t pretend he wasn’t a little hurt; he had hoped that with Sherlock as King they wouldn’t have to hide their love anymore, but if Sherlock believed it was necessary…
John stomped a bit to make it clear that he was there, climbing the structure and then sitting next to Sherlock. He noticed the younger boy’s arms were rolled up and caught a glimpse of the bloody mass of scars that were now Sherlock’s left arm; he closed his eyes and looked away (
Irene smiled at him and Sherlock felt a strange moment of kinship and was about to say something cheesy like thanks for being my friend or you’re not boring, when Irene said, ‘I have something to tell you.’
It isn't a question but John nods anyway. ‘I will.’
kisser.
Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement. ‘She was universally loved. I’ve never heard a single thing said against her, which is saying something with monarchy.’
Sherlock had been clean for over six months when Mycroft finally,
John was a worrier, and by the time he reached the palace, he had convinced himself that Sherlock had died in some horrible way and that he had been summoned to be informed of this by Sherlock’s grieving father and crying brothers, dressed all in black.
John’s mouth when suddenly dry. ‘What? No. Of course not. She just said it-‘
Sherlock shook his head, still staring at John in amazement. ‘I don't know, darling, why don't you go and find the CD player and we can see? John, how did you not know that I would ask you?’
‘Seven hundred and sixty-eight,’ Jim drawled. ‘It was impressive, I thought. Got me lots of work in the months afterwards.’
He’s gotten so good at hiding his feelings, because that’s what love is: wanting the other person to be happy, even if it’s not with you. And even if he didn’t love John more than he loved himself and his brother and rainy days and everything else that made life worth living, he would still go to his grave insisting that
It was a terrible song that shouldn't have wound John up as much as it did. It didn’t rhyme properly, it didn’t make sense. It was the ramblings of a six year old girl who was angry that her little brother had gotten a part in the school play when she hadn’t.
John lifted his head and frowned at Mycroft, who was standing in the doorway looking agitated. ‘What?’
says that my hair is too long. Can you cut it?’
She’s referencing Moriarty, and Sherlock’s heart twists a little.
John froze.
in his vision disappeared except for one person, approximately six metres away with dark blond hair and sky blue eyes.
‘I love you.’
John took a deep breath. ‘I’ve been spending most of that time with someone-‘
They fell in love with each other, surprising both of them, but they gladly embraced it, overjoyed that they had finally found someone who understood them the way that they had always wanted to be understood. They trusted each other over everyone else; they did things to each other they had vowed never to do. They talked about the past, the present, the future. They were so comfortable with each other that they both, particularly the younger boy, began to share things they really, really shouldn’t.
‘Wait,’ Sherlock whispered as Morag screamed that if anything went wrong she would personally castrate the person responsible. ‘If it’s your birthday-‘
, too.’
John bit his lip. Clearly, something huge was going on.
‘Sher, you ok?’ John said from behind him, sounding worried. Sherlock jolted and turned around. ‘Yes,’ he answered quickly. ‘Why wouldn’t I be?’
It suited him, John had to give him that. Not many people could pull off a name as absolutely
‘Thank you, brother mine.’ Mycroft whispered. ‘I disengaged the cameras in your sitting room for you.’
Taking a deep breath, John entered the shop.
Suddenly, the little boy in all those memories of skiing holidays and Christmases and birthdays was replaced by a faceless baby who had replaced
Just John, no one else, just John.
‘Don’t you dare!’ Sherlock screamed, all his pent-up emotion suddenly released because it was hitting him, properly hitting him, what he had just done to his John, the boy who had saved him, the boy he loved, the boy he would do absolutely anything for and Sherlock knew that if John ever found out that he would never forgive him and Sherlock accepted that instantly: it was unforgivable what he had just done and hell, Sherlock couldn’t and wouldn’t and shouldn't forgive himself.
Greg welcomed him in warmly, gesturing at the comfortable sofa. Greg and John had always gotten on well; they had to stick together, anyway. Both were married to infuriating, troubled Holmes boys; whilst Sherlock seemed to have had more issues, Mycroft had clearly had a traumatic childhood before he was brought to the palace and Sherlock hadn’t even guessed he was gay before he admitted it before John and Sherlock broke up.
The crowd screamed even louder and cameras flashed; John’s eyes, which were open, were soon blinded, though he caught sight of Mycroft having a miniature meltdown in the corner.
‘You have created a child.’ Mycroft’s face, if possible, has turned even sourer and Sherlock wonders if he’s smiled at all in the past four hundred years. ‘You cohabit. You- you engage in physical intimacies. What sort of example are you setting for your son?’
‘It’s necessary,’ John finished. He stood up, his jaw clenched tight. ‘I’m going out.’
‘No,’ Sherlock said, turning around and pointing his pen accusingly at his brother. ‘You have, don't deny it. I’m telling Mummy-‘
John drew away and yawned, wide and loud, and put his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. Numbly, Sherlock realised that John was
‘Alright, mate!’
Sherlock moved the cyanide from hand to hand. ‘My mind palace says it’s dangerous-‘
‘Oh god.’
very good idea indeed.’
‘And he developed a fascination. I try to avoid it, I really do, but when he puts on tapes when we’re trying to sleep…I was awake with the twins last night and it was on and some of it must have subconsciously sunk in.’
John couldn’t help but think
John was thinking of Sherlock.
‘Sherlock.’ The boy said simply, not offering a surname. John scoffed. ‘You said my name was ordinary? At least it has history. I wasn’t named after some newborn baby like you and half the kids our age were.’
John shifted so he was almost on Sherlock’s lap, grinding down against him with tiny strokes that made Sherlock gasp and moan and writhe in the chair, hands clenched against John’s waist as the older man panted above him, and deep in the back of his mind Sherlock registered that John had clearly done this before because the movements were precise and painful and so,
John pulled Sherlock up, taking his face between his hands. ‘Fiancé. I like the sound of that.’
There was a pause, in which John regretted all of his life choices, and then Irene turned to Molly and said, ‘Are you going to have sex with me tonight?’
John couldn't do anything to console his weeping friend: all he did was stay quiet and thank God that he hadn't died, that he hadn't left Sherlock in the state that Smith was in now. He was still here, and he was alive, and it didn't matter however injured he was because he knew that Sherlock wouldn't ever be like Smith was now.
‘Answer me, Sherlock.’ John ordered.
John gave it to Henry, who frowned. ‘Look how it’s addressed,’ he said, puzzled. ‘It’s addressed to the subjects of the King and his allies.’
The glare remained. ‘Prince Sherlock?’
‘Oh my God,’ someone said, and Sherlock looked up as the rest of his year stared at the ceiling.
Jenny laughed. ‘I promise I’m not like that, your royal highness-‘
Henry nodded and waved his son away. ‘Good lad. Off you go, then.’
, before saying softly, ‘Heya, Sherlock.’
‘John Smith.’ Victor supplied.
drawled, waving a hand at him and smirking. ‘Did you miss me?’
‘I- I don’t have a ring,’ Sherlock mumbled, ‘But I do have this.’
'Not now, John.' Henry Watson was looking at his son, a strange expression on his face as shook his head. 'Later, son.'
You could have heard a pin drop.
On the whole, Cambridge as a city wasn’t that bad. It was beautiful: the architecture was amazing, the (regular) people seemed nice, there were coffee shops around every corner and the entire place had an aura of peaceful calm. Even the grounds of actual Uni were beautiful- some of the buildings had been standing for over six hundred years, and the courtyards and walkways were amazing. As a bit of a nature geek, John loved it.
‘I feel like that isn’t a negative for you, John Watson,’ Sherlock replied. ‘I have your number. Don't ask how.'
‘You should have done.’ Christopher sighed, collapsing back into his chair. ‘If you had done, you wouldn’t have had to have this conversation eleven years later.’
Before Sherlock could ask his daughter what ailed her, Christopher said glumly, ‘Christopher Mycroft John. Not much choice, is there? Can I add another name? What about Michael?’
Morag glared at the King for a long moment before lowering her eyes. ‘Of course, your majesty,’ she said quietly. ‘Apologies.’
John smiled at Sherlock. ‘I came up and Jim was in here! You never mentioned him, Sher! He says you’ve been friends for ages…I thought Victor was the only aristocratic friend you had?’
Greg’s bottom lip twitched. ‘Darling, he’s a year younger than I was when we married-‘
Sherlock would be ok, now.
Mycroft smiled smugly and leaned back in his chair (
‘Go.’ John had said in a strangle whisper. ‘Please, Sherlock-‘
‘It keeps repeating
Sherlock was lying down again, staring off into space. ‘John?’
The boy on the other bed was looking at John, who stared back as defiantly as he could. The boy was clearly older than Sherlock by at least a year, with slicked-back dark hair and dead brown eyes. Whilst Sherlock was wearing shorts and a T-shirt, this boy was wearing full on chinos and a shirt, sleeves rolled up, sunglasses balanced on his head.
‘Go on, Sher,’ Jim drawled from the corner. ‘Explain yourself to the idiot.’
‘Everything will go back to normal,’ a woman dressed in a suit just behind William (John thought it might be his sister but he wasn't totally sure) answered.
Victor whistled as Mycroft’s footsteps became quieter. ‘Wow. I thought- you always say you two are worst enemies.’
you’ve become, how
Sherlock sighed. ‘Really? Is my father with her?’
Sherlock took out his Infant Notebook, flicking through the pages until he found what he was looking for. ‘As it’s Lila’s third birth, I’m hopeful it will be fast. As long as there are no…complications.’ For a moment, he looked as panic outside as John knew he was inside, but it was soon hidden back under his façade as he pocketed the book and laid a protective hand on Rosie’s shoulder. ‘And you’ll only be alone for a little bit, darling.’
Now, John lives with a permanent buzz as he thinks about how he’s
Sherlock made a sound that was halfway between a scream and a gasp. John grabbed the blankets on reflex, covering himself and Sherlock.
‘Well,’ John said, trying to distract them, ‘I think it’s good that Mycroft has an interest in philosophy. I did a course in it, once. It was, um, enlightening.’
John finally looked at him, very briefly, before looking back at the pond. Sherlock took the look as a prompt to start.
Sherlock’s eyes were darting. He looked carefully at John, then Jim, before saying, ‘you shot Morag?’
Sherlock licks his lips. ‘I need you to listen, because I have never told anyone this whole story. To know me you- you must know this, and when you know it, you must decide if you can be with me.’
Sherlock must have looked sad because John came up behind him and wrapped his arms around him. ‘Hey, Sher, it’s ok. What’s up?’
The music had stopped at some point: when Sherlock looked down, he saw that the hall was almost clear. ‘It appears that my party has left.’
It’s Mycroft, and he’s clearly agitated. He asks if John’s heard from Sherlock, if John’s seen Sherlock, because all the cameras in Baker Street were disabled at some point the night before and when Mycroft sent someone to see what was going on all the curtains were drawn and the doors were locked. He would go himself, he says, but he’s in Japan and he’s not worried (he obviously is) enough to send someone else. He asks if John has any ideas about what Sherlock could be doing.
Maybe,
Then Sherlock pulled away and looked down and said, ‘this is all my fault.’
He let Sherlock lead him to who he really was, and he let himself be brave not just to himself but to everyone else as well.
he’d done the last two years differently, because maybe,
Once he’d been to the hospital and had his left hand wrapped for burns, Sherlock went home and sadly crossed idea 3, cookies, off his list. He’d have to think of something else.
Please leave kudos and comments :)
Sherlock didn't say anything.
Speaking of Mycroft…he reaches into his pocket and touches the letter. Today, he decides, he’s going to take Mycroft’s advice. Today, he’s escaping, leaving, fleeing.
. The view was outstanding; the bright lights of London, the bright lights of the stars and the background noise of life made it truly beautiful, but Sherlock could only focus on one thing.
‘Pathologist?’ Sherlock said kindly. ‘Handy for me, I need someone to supply me with body parts.’
He opens the letter because it’s on a
‘Felix?’ John says hoarsely. ‘As in- the boy you said was your brother?’ Felix comes to stay with Sherlock at least once a year, and was introduced to John the last time he was in London. ‘Yes. He looks merely a year or two younger than I, so that is our cover-story.’
John’s mouth fell open. ‘Sherlock, you’ve lost me.’
‘They don’t have to pretend, for one day a year.’ Sherlock smiled one of those rare, genuine smiles: the sort that brightened up his face and turned him from stunning to beautiful, and John felt something, deep in his chest, that he’d never felt before. ‘They can be who they are in front of the world. Of course they’re happy.’ He met Sherlock’s gaze, and when their eyes locked John knew that he was done pretending. ‘I think I deserve to be happy.’
John shook his head. ‘Would your father really like that?’
‘your statement is incorrect, but close to the truth.’ Sherlock explained. ‘I am not the most important person on the planet, but I am one of them. Probably in the top ten, if not the top five. I do own the place; not directly, but I am second-in-command of the whole Kingdom. And finally, I am not the King. I’m the heir, though, so that almost counts. Say that again when my father is dead and I am ruler of one third of the world’s population and a quarter of the land, and I can answer properly.’
Silence fell again, but it wasn't awkward this time. They were enjoying each others company, enjoying being with each other until they were inevitably parted for another year. John wondered if they would still be friends, still have this connection, after another year apart.
Sherlock
) and one with long, brown hair (
Sherlock shook his head, feeling self-conscious. ‘Not at all-‘
John looked at Sherlock and saw the King looking at him entirely honestly, smiling at him, and all John could think was that his eyes were no longer sad.
Sherlock laughed and pulled away from his husband, looking at his three children. ‘Be more appreciative,’ Sherlock scolded. ‘If it hadn't been for this song, then you three wouldn't exist.’
They stand in silence, staring at the gravestone, the words echoing over and over in their head.
Sherlock cursed and glared at the liver. ‘It was mislabelled, then; it said it was diluted by a tenth. Your father is truly letting the labelling system slip.’
‘Long live the King.’ Henry Watson said, one hand on his heart.
and how could John ever dream about breaking him? They were soulmates.
he looked up and he said, in that tone of voice that was just
Harry smiled slightly, though her eyes were rimmed with red as well. ‘Yeah. That was what I got from what you told us.’
He was moving now, one foot in front of the other, following Sherlock down the corridor subconsciously, lips moving silently.
John was an exception. A brilliant exception.
‘You don’t understand,’ Sherlock said quietly. ‘That was my fault. That was actually my fault.’
Lestrade sighed. ‘We can’t get out of it?’ Sherlock shook his head gleefully. ‘No. This is punishment for not naming the little hellraiser after me.’
John leaned forward, sticking the post-it note on Sherlock’s forehead, scowling at one of the curls. ‘You should shave your head, Sher.’
He’d forgotten it was that day again, that summer’s day when it never rained and the birds chirped and everyone was happy for a day. He’d missed all the tweets and the news and the posts, somehow, and now it was one o’clock in the afternoon and he was on the outskirts of a parade that, in some ways, he’d been running from since he was ten years old.
‘Well,’ Sherlock replied as he untied the end kayak, ‘You won’t get into trouble, because you’re leaving tomorrow, and nobody will punish me except my Mum. I’m not worried about her.’ Sherlock’s mother, despite being a massively successful mathematician with several published books in the field and the head of a huge chain of resorts all up the French coast was a real softie who clearly adored her children and husband. John had met her several times both last year and this year, and she had made him feel nothing but welcome.
