He had rung up an extensive list of offences: Theft of his horse, his sword and the royal seal; Property damage to one of the castle’s walls. To top it off, he’d maimed at least three guards when they attempted to restrain him. It was treason of the highest order. Men had been hung for far less than that. The good thing about being king was he got to decide that it was the petty sort - little acts of naughtiness, which could be addressed privately in the bedroom.
Tony had already calmed down from that morning when he discovered the rebel’s escape, on Gerald, his noble steed no less. It was by a stroke of luck that his guards had caught up with the young rider before he reached the forest.
He made sure to leave the shield on his side of the bed, so that Steve would see it the next morning. The next time they met, they would be foes. Tony could never hurt him again, after all that he’d done. And if Steve chose to raise his shield and crush him where it would hurt most, it wouldn’t matter.
With his other hand, Tony squeezed Steve’s cock, stroking it slowly and rubbing around his tip. “Brooklyn has got potential but I'm not sure - if I like the hustle and bustle of city life,” he said, increasing the pace of his thrusts, before inserting a third finger, causing Steve to moan loudly and arch his back.
Tony had exploded, rebuking the pompous general, threatening him with a whipping of his own. The boy was stealing Tony’s plans in Tony’s study in Tony’s palace. That made him Tony’s captive. What authority did Stane or anyone else have to lay a finger on or in
“Gosh, you’re so tight. Such a good, good fuck,” Steve groaned. “Just lie there and let me love on you. No touching,” he said, and smacked Tony’s hand away from his throbbing cock.
Or was it?
Tony laughed loudly,  and even threw his head back with amusement. “By
It didn’t take long for Steve to cut away the last of his ropes. “Come on, we gotta go,” he said, a grim look on his face as he stretched out his hand.
Tony missed him. He missed him all the time, especially at night, when it got cold and dark. He’d even started reminiscing about their fights, fondly remembering how Steve would argue with him, passionately, getting all riled up when they couldn’t see eye to eye. He’d storm off in a rage, only to return by the hour with his eyes still blazing, kissing him ardently with his warm mouth, skin hot to the touch.
Steve was tall and broad, with his large, muscled chest and long limbs.  Built like an oak, his body showed his power with the shift of his muscles. He hid his softness in pretty blue eyes, in the curve of his smile, in his voice, the one reserved for him, when it was just the two of them, soft moans and whispered pleas that sent all the blood running to his own cock.
“Yours,” Steve agreed, his eyes beginning to flutter shut.
Tony raised his brows. “No?” he said, and batted his eyelashes in a show of innocence.
Tony squeezed his hand. “I’m not going to leave, Steve. I love you. You know that.”
“I’m so glad we agree,” Tony said. “Be a darling and hold your cheeks apart, please.”
“No. No. Now. Please. Just please. Fuck me now,” Steve gasped, tears running down his cheeks as his fists crunched the dried leaves under the blankets.
“We’re bonded,” Tony reminded him, and resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “Ah!” he whimpered, as the fingers slipped out of his well-punished hole, where warm slick leaked all over Steve’s fingers and onto the backs of his thighs.
“Thank you, sir,” he managed to say between his laboured breaths.
. No one got away with insulting his boyfriend.
Desire.
“Mine,” he growled.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, his mind still reeling from the day’s revelations. And how blind he’d been. “I'm sure it's much better from your high horse.”
Steve shivered at the command as he lay back, keeping his hands out of the way, just as Tony asked.
“Steve,” he moaned as the hand around his hip slipped between his bare cheeks, where a warm finger drew circles around his slick hole.
He had screamed as the guards had dragged him out of the castle.
Why then did his boy, who lived in the lap of luxury and had his every need catered to, repay his kindness by running away each time he could?
“Oh, baby,” Steve sighed. “Have you any idea how you look, all pink and wet and waiting for me?” he asked, before he pressed his warm lips against his entrance, tickling the insides of his cheeks with his beard.
Tony squirmed as his juices leaked all over Steve’s firm grip. “Might make them worse,” he admitted.
Steve pulled away from the kiss to look at him. “Who? Me?” he asked, mockingly, and added a second finger, and the shaking of his hand caused waves of pleasure to shoot through Tony's body. “Didn’t quite think you remembered.”
His heart clenched painfully in his chest, the thought of being apart from his boy, his – Steve, shattering his heart. Well, that would be
Tony turned to face the younger man, cupping the side of his face with his hand, just in time to wipe away a tear. “Hey, hey. I’m not mad. I’m not mad at you for leaving,” Tony said, stroking his cheekbone and wiping away another tear as he tried to reassure the young man that nothing had been held against him. It appeared to work and Steve began to calm down. Nonetheless, he kept his hand on Steve’s cheek, tracing the trembling lips with his thumb.
Tony pulled out and smacked the impatient young man in the middle of his bottom. “Behave,” he ordered sternly, as he spanked him several times more. “Or I'll tie you to a tree and leave you there all night.”
Steve gave him a sideways look and let out a whistle. It took a while for Tony to hear it the unmistakeable sound of hoofbeats. The white horse was magnificent - sturdy and well-built, clearly bred for battle, but it was the one behind, dark brown with a white star on his head, which made his heart stop.
“It burns,” he complained.
When Tony sat down on the edge and lowered his trousers, Steve didn’t have to be told what to do. His mouth was around Tony in a second, his lips moving up and down on his shaft.
Tony ran his fingers lightly over his sore bottom, tracing the welts that had been left behind, making little sounds of satisfaction. “Feeling all right, baby?” he asked.
Tony allowed his eyes to roam over Steve’s naked body. His hands hovered over his skin, drawing soft gasps and short sighs each time they made contact. “Look at you,” he said, gently squeezing one of his thighs. “All grown up now.”
“I’m sorry,” the boy said, his soft voice barely a whisper. “I wasn’t trying to hurt anyone. I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“You would never be happy to stay here with me,” Tony said, his own voice ringing with truth.
Obediently, Steve rested his head on the ground to look out at the lake. He stayed on his knees, slightly parted, and Tony could see
Steve complied, feeling exposed and vulnerable. He heard Tony opening the drawer, returning with the broad leather in his hands. He tapped it lightly against his palm, before holding it out in front of his face for Steve to kiss it.
“Yes,” Tony gasped, and a giggle escaped his lips when Steve pressed his warm mouth against his neck and sucked. “What are you doing?”
kill me?” he asked. “You had your chance.”
“Yeah,” Tony admitted, in his attempt to get Steve off his back, not that it worked.
His first stop was to the treasury - to retrieve the weapon that the guards had seized when Steve had been caught. He hadn’t needed it then, not with Tony as his fortress. But if he was going back to his old life, surely, he’d need to be armed.
Their eyes met, like two men on opposite sides of a canyon, unable to see what the other saw – so near they could see each mark of beauty or flaw, but not close enough to touch. Yet, neither had the courage to leap over the raging current, to cross over to the other side.
Thank you so much for reading! :D
“You were going after Bucky,” Steve said, quietly, toward the end of the meal.
Tony opened his eyes to find himself stiff and sorely in need of a stretch. He could blink his eyes and move his head, wiggle his fingers and toes, but that was about it. Any attempt to move his limbs beyond that only resulted in burns to the skin of his wrists, elbows, knees and ankles. He squeezed his eyes shut, shaking his head to clear the fog shrouding his mind, and began to put the pieces together.
“Thought so,” Steve mumbled, and went back to sucking at his hole and running his tongue all over Tony’s freshly-waxed cleft and taint.
The first thing Tony’s squinting eyes took in were the boots, caked in mud. They paused at the circular shield, worn and scratched from use, before moving toward the narrow waist, the broad chest and wide shoulders, finally stopping to stare openly at the face, covered with a light dusting of facial hair. Tony admired the masculine jaw, the long blonde locks, gently mussed and roughly swept out of the way to reveal those blazing blue eyes, which burned his skin and kindled his heart, bringing him back to life.
The rest of Steve's words were lost in the blood rushing to his head and spilling into his ears.
“Never said I didn’t love you,” Steve argued. “Said I couldn’t give you my heart. There is a difference.”
It was later that night, when Steve was in the bath, that he’d found the dagger under Steve’s pillow. Tony wasn’t a fool. He knew exactly why it had been there. What he didn’t know was why it hadn’t been used. It would have been perfect, plunging it into his heart as he spilled inside his lover. Tony would have died the happiest man on earth.
that bother you so much?”
Before returning to the room, he gave clear instructions to the guards. They were not to stop or pursue Steve when he left in the morning, regardless of what he carried on his person. By the time he got back, Steve was deep in slumber.
Tony didn’t particularly care for hurting him, much preferring to spoil him with sweet treats, life’s luxuries and his soft touch. But the soft approach had yielded no results and he’d exhausted all other means of taming the wild colt, who remained thoroughly unbroken despite a whole year in his keep.
“Yours,” Steve echoed softly, closing his eyes as he let his head roll back.
Steve lay on the bed on his back, with his legs splayed open, his plugged bottom in the air. Tony reached for the plug between his well-oiled bottom, twisting it for fun before pulling it out with a lewd pop. Steve’s hole opened and closed, gaping at the emptiness, begging to be filled. Tony obliged, lifting Steve's legs to rest them on his shoulder, taking his time to tenderly kiss his feet. Then, his cock was at his entrance, pushing in slowly, inch by inch, until he’d reached the hilt.
Please be alive.
“I’m sorry,” he said again.
“We’ll be okay,” he said after a while.  He cleared his throat, turning away from Steve, “When are you coming back to the compound?”
Much less have fallen…
.  He was in that body.”
“Sorry.  I didn’t think we were going to do this.  Literally anything else, but not this.”
I guess I was jealous in a way.  He had your friendship.  Did he have your love too?  The idea was painful to me, but at the time, I thought it was just because of what he did to my parents.  I mean, he killed them, you know?  He killed my mom.
Tony licked his lips and looked at Steve for a moment.  He blinked, feeling something in his stomach he didn’t like.  Resentment?  No.  Pain.
Tony smiled, “I think you and I could have a lot of fun together.  It would change us from the constant battling.  And, you’ve got to admit, it’s a hell of a workout.”
“No.”  He struggled to keep a grip on Tony’s arm.  “Hear me out.”
Steve shook his head
“What are you asking me?”
“I don’t know, do you want me to?”
“What about after that?”
Please tell me you’re okay.
“Yeah,” said Tony.  “Come on.”  He started to hold out his hand, then pulled back, unsure.  They were men.  Should they just hold hands?  His skin erupted into goosebumps when he felt Steve brushing his fingers against the back of his hand, as though giving permission.  He looked at him, and Steve looked back, his eyes clear, sure.
“Actually, Steve, I would consider it a devastating loss.  Get up.”
“Two guys don’t just happen to kiss unless there’s some thought behind it.  You must have thought about it.”
“Tony.”
His heart stammered in his chest.
“I’m not going to leave until you talk to me.”
It was, incidentally, as it was part of his property.  “Need I tell you that you’re trespassing?”
“It was a nightmare is what you mean.”
Just like Steve didn’t want him.
“Is it… over?” asked Steve.
He felt Tony sit down next to him and tensed, not wanting another confrontation.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw that Tony had stepped out of his Iron Man suit and was wearing black jeans and a simple tee shirt with black Converse sneakers.  A very casual look for him.
Tony took a deep breath, “All right, so I was screaming.  But I didn’t ask you to stop.”
“I’m sorry, Cap.  I shouldn’t have…” he let his voice trail off, reminding himself of something he had done as a teenager, having kissed a girl without her consent.  She’d smacked him across the face for it and had walked away, leaving him with similar feelings of guilt and pain.  Guilt over not having asked.  Pain over the fact that she hadn’t wanted him the way he had wanted her.
It was as though Steve’s body had decided to operate without his brain’s input.
.  I was twenty-one years old.  How would you feel?”
Tony grinned, “Be afraid, Cap.  Be very afraid.”
“You’re mad at me.”
Steve turned around in his arms, “I don’t want to impose.”
What was Tony to him, exactly?
I don’t want to die without knowing what it’s like to feel your hand holding mine.  To feel what it’s like to kiss you.  To make love to you.
Something landed behind him, but he didn’t bother looking up.
“With you?”
Dear Tony,
“No, Steve.  I wanted you to go on, that’s why I didn’t ask you to stop.”  He hesitated, then kissed the shell of Steve’s ear.  “Do you want to stay tonight?”
The sun was setting.  Steve stood up and walked to the window looking out at the golden sky, “I like the new house, by the way.”
Steve let out a breathless chuckle, “You might have mentioned that a little sooner.”
“I’m not telling you where Bucky is.”
After that?  He didn’t know what was going to happen after that.  “I suppose we can figure it out later, if you want.”  He swallowed, “You want this to go on?”
“Oh… shit… Steve, wait, stop.”
?” he asked, taking fistfuls of Tony’s shirt.
His what?
“Reconnecting,” said Steve, before taking a step towards his friend and bringing his free hand to the back of Tony’s neck.  He kissed him.  It was soft at first, probing, just a press of the lips.  Tony kissed him back, and suddenly, his mouth opened and his tongue was inside Steve’s mouth, a warm living thing that made him tingle.  He sucked on it and Tony cried out, stepping closer until the two of them were pressed against each other.
Too soon to think of love.
“We had a fight.  A cataclysmic fight, I’ll grant you that, but… it’s what families do sometimes.  They argue, and it sucks, but they eventually get over it.”
He remembered the first time he’d seen Tony.  Iron Man.  He’d been stunned to find that this man knew of him.  That he seemed impressed by him.
“Nothing.”  He held out a hand, and Tony looked down at it confusedly for a second before shaking it.  “I’m sorry about everything that happened.”
I just want you to be okay.  To be alive.  Breathing.  I want your heart to beat.
“But you’re going to stay mad at Bucky.”
you when I was little!” he cried.  “Don’t you get it?”
“Did you want me to stop?” Steve’s voice was sharper now.
Steve didn’t.  All he was doing was following his instincts, listening to Tony’s gasps and moans.
We failed so spectacularly it doesn’t make any sense.
“I love you.”
And all I can think about now is you. I wonder whether all of you made it, but especially you.
They were just starting to know each other better.
“It was a nightmare,” agreed Tony.  “A nightmare for me to find out that you were protecting the man who killed my parents.  To find out that you knew that he had killed them and didn’t say anything to me about it.”
It’s a beautiful movie.  Whoever put this on obviously spent a fortune trying to get the details right, since all of the furnishings look like something he would have expected to find a century ago.  The costumes are exquisite, the leads are talented, and the underlying score is definitely catchy.  He keeps his eyes glued to the screen during the French girls scene – so that’s what Tony meant – but he subtly kicks the bag with his sketchbook further under the couch.  The blush on his cheeks has less to do with the nude woman on the screen and more with the engineer in the tank top across the room.
“Look, I appreciate you looking out for me.  It’s…nice, I guess.  But the bidding was going well,” Steve insists.  Far too well, if you asked his opinion.  Even adjusting for inflation, those bids had contained an
“In that case,” Steve responds slowly, “I think we have a deal,” He extends his hand for a second time.  “I look forward to working with you, Mr. Stark.”
To: Potts, Pepper
“Point,” Natasha concedes. “Okay, question," she says, drawing her knees up on the sofa and turning toward him. "Out of all the schmoozing you’ve had to do as an Avenger, who were you the most excited to meet?”
Turns out, that isn’t even an option.  Tony, his eyes never once leaving Steve’s, yells “blackout” into the empty room, and the doors to the lab lock with a swift
Steve has a moment of panic when the thinks of Natasha taking on giant bronze statuary with her tiny widow bites, but he can’t allow himself to get distracted.  He needs to retrieve his shield, reconnect with his troops, and find some way to stop the crazy space enchantress.
“Bruce!”  His face dims as he catches sight of the other man.  “Fury.”
Fury catches fingers tightening on the straps and raises one hand in what Bruce assumes to be a calming gesture.  “I promise, us being here at the same time is only a coincidence.  Your teammates just finished up a job, but they somehow neglected to check out with SHIELD before they called it quits.”
She loses consciousness in the elevator, but an army of doctors descend on them mere minutes after they hit the medical floor. That had been yet another shock, learning that Natasha had an entire team of New York’s best surgeons on retainer, hemmed in by NDAs and generous amounts of hush money. He…
“Down please, JARVIS,” he says aloud as he waits for the elevator to descend.  When he’s met with silence and stillness, he can’t help but glance upward.  “JARVIS, you there?”
Like Steph said:  infuriating.
“Hello,” he grins and extends his hand.  Unnamed gorgeous man rises to meet him.  Wow, he’s tall.
“So,” he starts, “you and Iron Man?”
Grinning, Steve swipes right and starts typing out his answer.
Everyone’s heads swivel towards them as the elevator doors swing shut.  No one immediately stands up to meet them, but the captain straightens and Tony’s eyebrows raise.
“You too,” the engineer replies, still slightly stunned that Steve’s actually agreeing with him after weeks of staging a sit in protest.  He reaches out and gives Steve a firm, brisk handshake.  “Awesome.  I can go back to blowing things up and you can go back to being your super secret spy self.”
Tony Stark has no legitimate reason to dream of endless black and suffocating amidst a sea of stars.
Even moving as quickly as he can, it still takes time to climb the seemingly endless flights of stairs.  All he can do is listen in at the comlink, hoping Tony and Thor can handle everything until he gets to the roof
Steve looks pleased, as if he’s not just saying it to spare Tony's feelings.  “And the phone?”
It strikes Steve as slightly odd that JARVIS is volunteering information, but he’s willing to run with it.  Trust JARVIS to know where all of the secrets are buried.
“I heard you,” he repeats.  For some reason, everyone seems to forget that the serum augmented his hearing too.   “The other day, when you were talking to JARVIS.
He’s very much regretting his invitation when later that night Natasha turns up to the media room without Iron Man. To be honest, he’d half expected her to blow off his invitation; never in his wildest dreams did he thinks she’d show up without an intermediary.
“JARVIS, transfer several grand into the discretionary fund.  I have a feeling I’m going to need it.”
would have remembered him.
Steve, on the other hand, is utterly immune to his distress.  “Clint and Sam have already volunteered.  You could sign up too.”
“I don't want you to stop. Well I do, just…”
Stark snorts.  “That’s one way to put it.  The problem is, I’ve tried dozens of permutations and none of them produce the necessary rate of decay, at least not enough to produce Cherenkov radiation.  And I’m running out of time.”
He strikes back, uncomfortable with the direction the conversation has taken, even if he’s had the same thoughts himself.  “And the whole, Captain America, Iron Man thing?  How do those details work into your little couple scenario?”
“Hey Cap,” he says, pasting a smile on his face and stepping into the kitchen.  “Sleep okay?”
“But can he understand me?”
is that Flynn has had it with the motherfucking snakes on the motherfucking plane.”  He pauses, for a moment, thinking through the list he’s compiled.  “In fact, I’m sort of on the line about letting you watch Episodes 1-3 of
Tony pulls out from behind the barrier the moment that Steve finishes counting.  He doesn’t even bother to glance at Steve, since Cap’s going to skewer that thing or die trying.  Instead, he waits for the telltale flash of brown wood, using that as his signal to fly forward and grab the crazy stupid electro-thing that he still has no idea why they’re fighting.
.”  That last word sounds like an obscenity coming out of Stark’s mouth.
Still, Steph also knows that Tasha ends up at a lot of those meetings.  Not only is she the one out there providing aerial support, but afterward she’s in the labs upgrading their tech and in committee meetings defending the Avengers’ decisions with her characteristic biting sarcasm.  It makes sense that all of these social events might be an extension of that.
“This – thing – that’s going on between me and Tony.  Do you get the impression that it’s something he wants?”
“I’d like to speak to you again about the SHIELD Helicarrier contract.”
“Well,” Steve answers while crossing to the other man, “we’re glad you came.”  He extends his arm for a handshake, but Thor grasps his forearm in what Steve can only assume is some sort of Asgardian greeting.  He’ll take it.  He gestures toward the now vacant stairs.
Fury levels his one eye at the scene in front of him.  “This doesn’t look like a shower to me.”
There.  That sounded appropriately aromantic, right?  Just two friends, enjoying each other’s company and fending off society vultures.  No ulterior motive at all.
“No…I mean, yes…I…I’m sure.”
He can see Steve slowly coming back into himself, leaving whatever horrific place his mind had taken him to and rejoining the present.  Tony slowly lifts his hands to where Steve can see them, and after a moment’s hesitation, he places one of them on Steve’s knees.  The strongly muscled thigh feels tense under his palm, but he gently moves his hand back and forth over the muscle, all the while murmuring reassuring nonsense words.
“Nothing. Just an observation.”
As the elevator travels downward, he thinks of Ms. Potts’ instructions – get off the elevator, sharp right, down a flight of stairs, and he should see the glass walls that surround the lab.  After that, he’s own his own, but surely he and Mr. Stark can be more reasonable this time around?
“I said yes on day five.  I couldn’t – ”
“How does this thing you're trying to build help?
“So how do we do this?  We’re basically in power tool Candy Land, so we have options.  Personally, I’m torn between chainsaw and welding torch, but I’m open to suggestions.”
“So, just to be clear, SHIELD is sending a hypothetical agent with no technical skills to negotiate with one of the most scientifically sophisticated people on the planet?”
“You’re Iron Man,” he breathes. It’s both a question and an answer.
“No, but Nan died when I was eighteen, and I enlisted right after her funeral.  And you’re not exposed to civilization all that much in an active warzone.  I pick up most things pretty quickly, but most pop culture things go over my head.”  He’s secretly proud of himself for throwing in that idiom.  Now he just has to see if Tony’s convinced by the ruse.
“Yup.  J, why don’t you introduce yourself?
“Haha, very funny,” Tony replies with absolutely no levity in his voice.  JARVIS’ humor is much funnier when it isn’t following on the heels of crippling defeat.  He turns to look for the thousandth time and the schematics, trying to work out where exactly he went wrong this time.  The math is theoretically perfect – it should
From: Stark, Tony
Iron Man tilts his head to the side. “You know, I bet if I worked at it, I could adapt the voice modulator to sound like James Earl Jones. That would be appropriately badass. I could terrorize our enemies into submission.
“They die if you break the casing,” he shouts, hoping Nat and Clint can hear him through the com link.
An absolutely gleeful expression falls over Clint’s face.  “Wait, you didn’t know?”
.  “I’d like us to be more than friends.”
“What? No. Think righteous anger. Stern disapproval from an all-powerful armored being with a powerful baritone.”
“Yeah, Tasha’s testifying before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce tomorrow and congressional security’s always a bitch.”
“All I’m saying is that you and Stark seem to be really close.  That’s all.”
It’s been nearly two weeks,
Sent: Wednesday, February 08, 11:38 PM
“Dr. Banner.”
“My hero!” he exclaims, before taking an enthusiastic gulp of his beverage.  Steve tries his best not to blush.
“Well, the PDF version that Ana gave me.  It was very useful.  I still don’t understand the point of some of the functions, but I’ll get there eventually. What?”  He seems somewhat put off by Tony’s blank stare.
Her eyebrows twitch, and the left one rests slightly lower on her face. Her lips part as if she wants to say something, only to bite back the words when she decides to remain silent. He wants to internalize those expressions, to spend so much time absorbing that face that he knows in an instant what each twitch and furrow and blink entails. They’ve lost so much time already; those eyes have been shining like that this entire time they’ve known each other, but they’ve been shuttered away behind red and gold. If he’d been allowed to see underneath the mask, he’d know exactly how to read that expressive face and if the moisture glistening on Natasha’s lashes bodes well or ill for him.
The roar of the Audi’s engine nearly drowns out the incoming phone call.  If he hadn’t had the earpiece in, he probably wouldn’t have heard the overly peppy ringtone associated with his soon-to-be-ex (or late) husband.  He considers letting the call go through to voicemail, but his curiosity’s killing him.  Besides, he just tried to blow up the man for the second time in twenty-four hours.  Taking Steve’s phone call is the least he can do.
Steve’s a bit surprised that Natasha’s darting out of the room so quickly, but a quick glance at the clock shows that they’ve been talking for longer than he thought.
Steve returns the handshake and smiles ruefully, wondering just what he’s got himself into.  “I’ll see you tomorrow, Tony.”
“Okay, so we’ve got you the latest line-up.  This,” he says, picking up one of the smaller rectangles, “is a StarkPhone 11.  I’ve already transferred all of your data from your dinosaur, so we never need to speak of it again.  Yes, it makes calls, but it’s also a web browser, a high-resolution camera, a GPS, a 64 GB music player, so on and so forth.  ”
“I was jealous,” he blurts, wanting to stop her before she can voice any more self-doubt.
“Dum-E,” he warns, extending his hand.  “What did I just say?  Now!”  His voice apparently isn’t terrifying enough, because the bot turns suddenly and starts dashing across the room.  “Get back here you overgrown pair of tweezers!  That eyesore is not your personal toy!”
Tony laughs at Steve’s framed picture –
“I have my orders, Captain.” There’s an infinitesimal pause before the AI continues on. “Please, sir. She has her reasons.”
Sent: Wednesday, February 08, 12:35 PM
“My pleasure, Sir.  I thought it best to keep with slightly dated references, since the conversations seemed to be drifting in that direction.”
“What the hell!” he’d demanded, desperately trying to shake the liquid off his hand and understand what the creeper was still doing outside his lab.
“Hello?!”
Steve doesn't bother to respond, but he mentally acknowledges that that’s the most compelling reason he's heard yet for learning to deal with those stupid tiny phone keyboards.
The best possible way he envisions the big reveal going down is where Steve’s finally comes out and confesses.  Hypothetical Steve is so guilty about his double-life that he just spills everything.  That’s the point where he can be all,
“Good.”  Tony nods.  He wasn’t sure how open Steve would be to this idea.  “Here’s what we do.  JARVIS has a set number of films queued up for you to watch.  As you watch a movie, make a note of anything that confuses you, and I can answer your questions later.  Over time, we should be able to get a general idea of what your strengths and weakness are.”
After a good thirty seconds of being ignored, he balls up his fist and starts pounding on the glass, not knowing what else it’s going to take to get Stark’s attention.  Finally, Stark’s head turns in quick, jerky motion.  He seems confused at first, as if he can’t imagine what could possibly be disrupting his workflow, until he finally takes stock of Steve’s face.  His eyes widen, then narrow.
“But that’s…that’s impossible!”
”  Seeing Tony’s cocked eyebrow, he translates.  “Thunder God in the machine.”
"No," Steve starts to reply, the pinched look still on his face. "No, it's fine--"
“You,” Tony barks as he turns, “do not get a say in this.  You come into my lab, break my windows, and corrupt my robots.  I don’t know why I put up with you.  And keep your grimy paws off of JARVIS!”
His recalcitrant bot finally peeps out from behind one of the support pillars and begins making his way toward them slowly, which is strange since he’s usually zipping around at about ninety miles an hour.
Subject: his name is irrelevant
“– a clean energy power source, yes, I know,” he cuts in.  “Are you still planning on working for SHIELD afterward?”
“Exactly!” Steve nods.  “You’re probably able to wade through all of this modern stuff much easier than I would.  It would be nice if I occasionally didn’t feel like a complete idiot in his presence and was able to snap back with something relevant to our conversation.  You could help me with that.”
“Is everything alright?”  Usually, the artificial voice radiates with a crisp, quasi-human personality, but JARVIS is...off somehow.
Subject: RE: RE: Complete and Utter Betrayal
She steps in closer, using her not-inconsiderable height to her advantage.  “Someone might get the right impression.”
“Because he’s light years ahead of everyone else in his field, and the work he does for SHIELD more than makes up for his eccentricities.”  She straightens, her voice immediately turning more businesslike. “So, for your cover…I’m not going to lie, Steve. This is going to be difficult. Most operatives would have years of training and weeks of briefing before trying to pull a ruse like this off. But, Fury seems to think that you might be able to reach Stark in a way that none of our previous liaisons have.”
And that question isn’t even remotely fair.  What right does Steve have to ask something like that, after lying to him for the past five years?  There’s a slight chance he’s being hypocritical, but he refuses to acknowledge that at the moment.  The idea that Steve, his supposedly naïve, guileless Steve, has been living a double life has sort of blinded him to everything else.  This in mind, he absolutely refuses to dignify Steve’s question with a response.  Instead, he does what he does best – deflect.
He would, just to be contrary. And it would probably happen right in the middle of a debrief, just to piss Fury off. Steve would have to look disapproving while biting back a laugh. “Are you a supervillain in this scenario?” Steve presses.
“So what, we have space tourists now?”
“Well,” she answers back, in a tone that clearly invites him to leave, “apology accepted.”
The reply is soft, and Steve doubts he could have heard it without enhanced hearing.  As it is, he can just barely make out Tony’s faint response.  “Okay.”
The ride back to Stark Tower is one of the longest, most awkward events of his life.  Tony steadfastly avoids his gaze, preferring instead to spend his time looking out the taxi window to the familiar streets of New York, which leaves Steve to mentally break down in silence.
“Point.” She steps back, and his neck feels colder without her hands there. “The team has to come first. We can’t let this,” she says, gesturing between them, “tear everything apart.”
To: Potts, Pepper
“What’s wrong?”
Subject: Enough
Hmm, apparently it is possible to shut the other woman up with the right incentive.  Steph keeps her hand along the other woman’s face, rubbing her thumb back and forth along the ridge of one cheekbone.  Tasha’s eyes widen notably but she doesn’t pull away, and Steph allows herself to smile.  That, out of everything, prompts Tasha to action.
“A miniaturized cold fusion device.  If it works –
“They’re not…” Steve starts, his voice incredibly frustrated.
He mutes the voice in his head and presses on. “The three of us should spend time together,” he insists. That’s what you do, right? When your best friend starts seeing someone?
The good news is, she’s not in any immediate danger. The bullet’s buried in her side and she’s losing blood, but it looks worse than it is. And that’s not the main thing that’s drawing his attention. That would be the very familiar piece of machinery embedded in the middle of her sternum.
“I can explain,” he starts.
“Which is?”
“JARVIS?” he prompts.
“And you’re one of very, very,
“I thought it might,” she answers quietly.
you.  As a friend, yes, but possibly more.”
Just the opposite, actually. In fact, everything is so suspiciously perfect that he really doesn’t want to leave, just in case he wakes up and discovers this was all some drug-induced dream or a Hydra plot crafted to lower his defenses.
“It wasn’t?” Clint repeats, his voice asking for validation.
“No one likes a know-it-all, J,” Tony snaps, ripping the visor off of his head and turning to the nearest hologram, which displayed the blueprints of the now-defunct prototype.
“Well, that’s unnecessarily depressing.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
.  “It’s not like I’m doing anything science related,” he insists.  “I pretty much just sit there and watch movies, read, or listen to music.”  At least what Tony calls music.  He’s still reserving judgment.
“JARVIS, we need medical now!”
“What are you doing here?” Tony had demanded while desperately trying to mop up spilled coffee.
tomorrow,” Tony intercedes.  “We’re definitely sleeping in.”  He accompanies the last bit with a possessive leer at the Captain, and…yep, he’s definitely missed a lot.
Sent: Wednesday, February 08, 4:22 PM
But his bot,
Tony shrugs, which looks slightly odd when he’s inside the armor.  “Want a ride?”
, a bit out of touch but nevertheless a guy.  He hasn’t felt that way in a really long time – before the serum, if he’s being honest.  And somewhere along the way, those feelings of rightness and normalcy got tangled up with his feelings for Tony Stark.  So much of his day-to-day interaction is tethered to the inventor and his laboratory, not to mention the fact that Tony is incredibly easy on the eyes.  Somewhere between the pizza and the movies and Tony’s random interjections about isotopes, he’d somehow grown attached to Tony in an unintentional and thoroughly inconvenient way.  He’d thought he’d managed to keep his emotions – whatever they were – in check, but apparently he’s not doing such a great job if Clint and Natasha were picking up on them.
“They can stick to their own planets,” Iron Man says.  “This one’s off limits.”
He expects Steve to snap back like he usually does when Tony pushes.  When he doesn’t answer, Tony looks up, sees the pinched expression on Steve’s face, and immediately knows he’s messed up.
“I was thinking,” he snaps, hoping that Steve will drop it, “that people might have been in danger.  I did what was necessary.”
“Former CEO and controlling shareholder of Stark Industries. Captured in Afghanistan in 2008 on a routine weapons demonstration. Held captive for three months, but escaped by inventing a prototype of the Iron Man armor. After coming back to the US, he took his company out of the weapons trade, perfected the Iron Man suit, and hired a bodyguard to wear the armor. When Loki landed in Stuttgart, Stark sent Iron Man to join the Avengers. Now, he’s working with the city and the state in the reconstruction efforts.”
“This,” says Tony with no little amount of pride in his voice, “is Ana.  She’s a commercial grade AI who's now running in the newest Stark lines.  She basically runs all of your tech, and over time she adapts to your individual user preferences.”
“And what would I be if not a king?”
“He started it,” Steve said, when they began the drive home.
It was Ty and he was out there spewing his lies. So, Steve had punched him.
The kiss was slow and soft, comforting in its familiarity, but the fact that they were out in the forest, at one with nature, sent a thrill down Tony's spine.
Steve nodded, placing his arms around Tony instead. He rocked with him, moving in time to Tony’s thrusts, desperately chasing his relief. If Tony came before him, he wasn’t going to be able to come at all. Thankfully, he’d been well-stimulated and his release came quickly.
With a kiss to Steve’s forehead, he considered his parting words. He’d felt them for a long time, yearned to say them one day to the blond that broke into his life and shattered his world. He never found the right time and now, it didn’t matter anymore.
“Marking your pretty neck,” Steve growled. “Making sure everyone knows that you belong to me.”
“Is that why you’ve ruined them?” Tony asked, and glanced pointedly at the pile of ripped clothing beside.
“You taste like chocolate,” Steve gasped, face flushed, when Tony finally pulled away.
jobs. Bodies were falling to the ground in loud thuds accompanied by the whizzing and clanging of a metallic object. And Tony couldn’t help wondering if the commotion had anything to do with his predicament.
“Then, take your clothes off,” he said. “Now.”
“It hurts,” he whined.
Abruptly, Tony pulled out, getting onto the bed and motioning for Steve to climb on after him.
Steve moved closer, and pressed the warm bulge in his jeans against Tony’s naked body. “You tell me.”
Steve complied, lifting his legs and spreading them with his strong hands, as he offered himself to Tony. Tony took his feet, kissing them slowly while he stroked his calves and thighs.
(See the end of the chapter for
He did, spurting ribbons of come all over the flat planes of his stomach. Tony followed soon after, his warm release coating his insides.
“Don’t pretend you don’t want this, you manipulative asshole,” Steve retorted, a knowing smirk on his lips.
“No,” Tony said. “I’m not going to punish you for running. You were doing what you believed in. That’s all we can ever do.”
“Anyone else?” Tony asked, casually, as he reached between his cheeks to sweep his fingers over his smooth boycunt, stroking it lightly as Steve gasped, grasping the bunched-up blankets with his fists.
Tony hummed thoughtfully. “We’ll see,” he said.
Tony found a bottle of oil, pouring a generous amount on his palms before rubbing them together. He covered the expanse of Steve’s bottom, paying special attention to the inner cheeks.  He placed a hand on the small of his back to soothe the touch-starved man, who was breathing through his mouth, eyes closed.
He was wild.
The rebel stayed silent, turning his head the other side.
Tony took hold of Steve's hands, pinning his wrists over his head as he tentatively kissed the corner of his mouth. Steve closed his eyes and threw his head back,  baring the skin of his neck. Encouraged, Tony peppered Steve's neck with light kisses, drawing whimpers from the younger man. Steve parted his lips as if to speak, but before he could, Tony captured his plush lips in a deep kiss as Steve moaned softly into his mouth.
“It wasn’t mine to give.”
“I – I didn’t listen.”
“Yes,” he said, confirming his worst fears.
He’d asked if Steve wanted to stop, promised to wait as long as he needed. But Steve, his hotheaded lover, had demanded that they keep going, even threatening to kill Tony at one point if he dared to pull away. Tony had obliged, kissing the soft pout with desire, before finding his warm ass and burying himself inside.
“Forgetting something?” Tony asked, removing the crop so he could speak.
“Have you made yours?” Steve asked, turning the conversation back to him.
Tony sat up, kneeling between his lover’s legs to take a closer look. He lapped at the cleft, gently circling Steve’s rosy hole, already looking slightly less red and swollen than it had minutes earlier. Steve moaned loudly, communicating his pleasure loud and clear, weakening his resolve.
“Shhh. It’s over now. It’s over. It’s over. I forgive you.”
, and it was inside.
“Mmm. You’re so smooth there, like a baby. Sensitive?” he asked
Steve let out an approving grunt. “Yeah,” he said. “Glad you agree. We’ll burn them all.”
“Probably,” Steve huffed. “But first, they have to catch me. Backup will arrive tomorrow so we’ve only got to lay low till then,” Steve explained as he dragged him behind a large tree at the sound of footsteps.
He thought of Steve often, keeping tabs on his career, happy to hear of his meteoric rise through the ranks, to
And Steve.
“Only if you want to. It’s your choice. It’s always been your choice,” Steve said as he handed Tony the box of reeds.
Tony paused at the doorway of the bedroom, desperately trying to catch his breath and slow the pounding of his heart. As always, his thoughts raced ahead of him, but he needed to calm down and focus.
Tony’s eyes flew open at the threat. He flashed a rueful smile at the larger man. “But you’re not,” he squeaked in a small, meek voice. “So maybe we’ll let this go, just this once?”
“Legs apart,” Tony said and Steve shuffled his legs further, grateful for the cold air providing some sort of relief for his burning boypussy.
It was this sight that brought him back to his senses.
“Come to bed,” he said, watching as the boy climbed on after him, crawling painfully to lie on his stomach, resting his head on his favourite pillow, the one which Steve said reminded him of home.
Tony nodded, waving away his apology. “You seem to be doing all right,” he observed.
By the time Tony was done, his young lover had begun to drift into a deep sleep, so he left the room, taking a stroll to clear his head.
“Yeah. I was at the barracks for a while,” Steve explained. “It was fun. Thin walls. You hear what people say. Apparently being the
“No, it’s not,” Tony said, seeing right through the excuse to hold him.
“Home is home,” Steve answered quickly, with a faint smile.
. He’d used his position to campaign for peace, taking advantage of his connections to negotiate a ceasefire. Months had passed since the last clash and the people had come together to rebuild war-torn cities from their ruins.
Just love.
Captured by his enemies, Tony finds himself in a predicament. Will he ever find his way home?
“I’ll read you the list. You stole from me. You damaged my property. You hurt my men. But worst of all, you were trying to run from me, without even a word of goodbye.”
Tony sometimes wondered where Steve even considered his home, now that Brooklyn had been razed to the ground, in revenge for what they’d done to his parents. It had to be the redwood forests that bordered the city, where the rebel base was rumoured to be.
Steve turned his head to meet his gaze. “A lot of things you don’t see from up there on your throne.”
Tony had to admire their determination, even though he didn’t quite understand their concerns. Food was abundant, employment was high and the crime rate had been the lowest in decades. So what if he had to apply harsh measures and restrict freedoms to achieve those objectives? People were safe and well-fed and that was all that mattered.
Tony followed closely on his heels, shouting out warnings as he tried his best to stay out of the way. “Steve!” he cried, pulling the shield out of a tree and hurling it at him at one point when he was outnumbered.
It was a bittersweet moment - two bodies joined as one even when they were really worlds apart. Tony bit back a sob, muffling the sound with Steve’s shoulder. It was for this reason that he chose to take Steve from behind. He wasn’t going to let his lover see him crying. It was their final moment together and it was going to be perfect.
Steve moaned in his throat. “Yours - belonged to you,” he whispered, squeezing tightly around his finger.
“Hey,” Tony said, when he finally found his voice. “You're here.”
Steve fucked him through his orgasm and then some, as Tony peeked at his flushed face from under heavy eyelids. Finally, with a loud grunt and a shudder, Steve spilled his own load, while his knot inflated and locked them together.
He wondered if Steve would think of him on occasion, hopefully not as an adversary, but a lover who’d once shared his bed. What would be his favourite memory? Would he remember the first time he tried chocolate and made such delicious sounds of pleasure that Tony commandeered the city’s next shipment for his personal use? Or the first time he’d had a warm bath, delighting in the novelty of scented bubbles?
Steve flinched at his tone, swallowing hard before dropping the subject. For a while, they said nothing, just watching the fish browning over the grill before devouring it with their hands. It was far from the best meal Tony had had, but it was warm and satisfying after going a whole day without any form of nourishment.
Those in attendance had gawked at his outburst. It was objectively absurd, for the king to be defending a thief, an enemy of the state. How could he have such strong feelings for someone he’d never met?
“No, you don’t.”
Tony shook his head before Steve could follow through on the threat. He was capable of doing it too - leaving Tony tied up and leaking all night.
, why haven’t you married? Or sired an heir?”
“I thought so.” Steve moved his hand in long, firm strokes, and drew a small choked noise from Tony. “Look at you,” he drawled. “All wet and wanting.” He lowered his hand to cup his balls, and squeezed them softly. “So full, baby. You must really need to come.”
His next stop was the study, where he found Steve’s sketchbooks, filled with sketches of the palace and its curios. He would want to show them to his mates, find a point of entry and finish the mission that Steve started.
It was something his father was fond of saying, convinced that embracing change was the only way forward. It was just as Tony remembered then - Howard was going to sign the accords with those same pens when he was killed.  And if Zemo had them…
The bubble burst, and the weight of failure sank to the bottom of Tony’s stomach. He let out a deep sigh, thoroughly defeated. He’d exhausted his options, used the very last weapon in his arsenal, but still, his rebel refused to yield.
For him.
“Yet, you never loved me,” Tony said. It was more of a question than a statement. “No, you didn’t. That's what you said,” he answered it himself.
“Good boy. Ahhh. Such a good boy,” he gushed, laying on thick with the praise.
The flames were beginning to die down, but it was still comfortably warm when Steve moved over, tentatively putting his arms around his waist. “It’s cold,” he explained.
Tony had laughed, humoured by his childish attempt at seduction but Steve had huffed angrily, his pride bruised. Tony swiftly returned the kiss, claiming his lips to keep his young lover from leaving his side. It had been wonderful. And he had been euphoric, thrilled, that months of pining had given way to something resembling romance.
Tony remembered the first time they’d met. The boy was on his knees, head on the ground, under the toe of Stane’s filthy boot. His legs were tucked neatly under his body, back and bottom covered with the marks of a single-tailed whip.
It was just like his little wildling to fight him at every turn. If only he would express some sort of regret, Tony would be all too happy to take him to bed and shower him with tenderness. But this overt display of defiance, this lack of remorse, had to be addressed.
Steve kissed Tony’s ear and down his jawline, sucking at the skin of his neck, biting down on his shoulder at one point.
“Steve?” Tony asked, after a while, when their breathing began to slow. “Come on, buddy. Wake up.”
Tony placed a kiss on his forehead. “Do you mean what you said?” Tony asked. “About being mine?”
do you mean Bucky, your best friend of a hundred years, who was just holding on to my shoulders so I wouldn’t fall off the stage?”
“No,” the boy said, repeating the assertion with even more determination this time.
“When did you wax?” Tony asked, placing his thumb directly on his hole as he stroked his smooth perineum.
Steve started at the base, sucking lightly at his balls as he licked at them. He moved slowly, licking broad stripes up and down Tony’s length before closing his mouth over Tony’s head. Tony watched, drunk on arousal, as Steve bobbed up and down on his cock, his cheeks hollow from sucking and his pink lips swollen around his girth. Steve kept at it a long time, but soon he began to tire, choking softly when he couldn’t keep up with Tony’s pace, tiny tears rolling down his flushed cheeks as he worshipped his cock.
Tony’s mouth hardened into a grim line. Yes.
“Yes,” Tony said with a happy sigh as he rubbed himself against the rough fabric, but the heat and friction barely did anything for the ache down in his belly.
The exit led them right into the middle of the forest. Looking at the rows of trees surrounding them, a bone-deep weariness began to settle on him. “You know what?” Tony said, planting his tired ass firmly on the grass. “Just leave me here," he said, only half-joking. "It’s a good place to die. Where else am I gonna find a view like this?”
Tony nodded in approval, rewarding the young man by licking a broad stripe from the base of his throat to his jaw, noting smugly how the flush on Steve’s cheeks spread down his neck all the way to the top of his chest. Taking his time, Tony kissed his cheek, his ears, the neck, mouthing his collarbones till he came to the dip of his neck. By the time he reached the neckline of Steve's vest, the young man was panting heavily, his eyes glazed.
Tony crawled into bed, careful not to wake his young rebel. He lay on his side, propped up on one elbow, to watch his lover sleep. He admired the soft lashes, observed the rise and fall of his chest. He stayed there, gazing in silence, burning this picture into his memory until the candle went out.
Tony furrowed his brows, shaking his head. “I don’t see it.”
Steve begged, pleading for mercy and for the punishment to stop, but Tony remained impassive to his cries. It was probably just as hard for him to ignore Steve’s pained whimpers, but Tony always gave him exactly what he needed.
“And now it is.”
Tony’s mouth fell open in an admission of guilt.
Steve’s rim burned with a different kind of sensation. Tony paused for a few moments, giving him time to adjust. Slowly and lazily, Tony thrust in and out of his hole, before progressing to erratic, unpredictable strokes. “You feel so good. So so so good. My good boy,” he said. “You’re so beautiful like this.”
Tony continued the torment as he pondered his options aloud. “Someplace in between might work. Away from the cities but not like this - deep in the woods.” Saying that, he slid his fingers deeper and crooked them upwards. “Upstate New York. A lakehouse, perhaps.”
choices - and such is the weight of my crown.”
penance, for daring to go against nature, for daring to take what could never be his. And he would have to bear it for the rest of his life.
“There’s my man,” Tony whispered, as he looked fondly at his husband, with his hair all mussed up and skin flushed from his ears to his chest.
It was romance. And Tony would fight anyone who claimed otherwise. It was love he’d seen in those blue eyes, which burned fiercely for him, even though they glazed over at one point and Steve froze for so long that Tony was sure he’d changed his mind.
“Tony,” he pleaded, feeling only a little remorseful over his impulsive behaviour.
Tony ran his fingers through the soft blonde hair, cupping the runaway’s face as he dabbed away the drying tears. “Hush, love. Nothing’s happened that can’t be undone,” he said to his sweet, sniffling boy, who leaned into his touch as he pressed a kiss to his temple.
Tony pulled him closer, pressing a kiss to the middle of his lower back. He held him tightly, keeping his voice even, despite his desperation, resisting the urge to beg. “Look at how your body responds. You belong to me. Tell me you’ll stay. Promise that you won’t run.”
The boy looked at his eyes, his face, searching it closely for a sign of weakening resolve. “ Tony, you’re a good king. You’re kind and fair to your people and you really do care about us. But what happens after you? You have no heirs,” the boy pointed out. “Times are changing. The monarchy is over. Besides, a crown suits you ill. One day, you should give it up, let the people choose someone who wants to rule, someone who would find it their calling.”
“That’s right, sweetheart. You’re mine,” Steve purred sweetly right before another violent thrust.
Tony laughed and began to move his hips, sliding his cock in and out of Steve's warm channel. Steve’s eyes flew open as he looked at him reverently, in adoration. His eyes were glazed and his face was flushed, lips red and swollen from biting down on them. As Tony drove his cock over the sweet spot over and over again, he could see his young cock throbbing, bouncing on his stomach from the violent thrusts as the young man moaned his pleasure into the quiet night.
Tony had kept him against his will. Forced him into a relationship. And hurt him too. Steve should run as far as he could. Why would he even want to come back?
He’d gone too far. The air left his lungs, which collapsed and crushed his heart, sinking to the pit of his stomach where its contents swirled. Tony flung the hateful crop aside, wrapping his arms around the shaking shoulders, rubbing his back as he hushed his cries. Tony kissed his forehead, brushing away the hot tears with the pads of his thumbs.
“I’m good, very, very good,” he said.
Tony walked toward a bedside drawer, from which he retrieved a small pot of oil. “Ginger oil,” he said, holding it out in front of Steve’s nose. “Wonderful for a stiff neck or sore back,” he explained, pausing to pour a generous amount on his fingers. “And perfect for reminding bad boys of their place.”
With his free hand, he stroked the bottom of Steve’s thighs, hearing a hiss as he went over the sore skin near the cleft. His thumb traced over the swollen rim, feeling a wave of remorse for the harsh punishment he’d meted out.
Steve smiled, mounting his steed and beckoning Tony to follow. They travelled half a day, only stopping once for a drink before fleeing through the dense vegetation. Tony could barely see the path ahead, so he focused on keeping up with the younger man, who weaved his way through the trees with ease.
Tony let out a heavy sigh. “It’s been on my mind,” he confessed, opening up to the younger man. "I want to. I mean, it feels like the right thing to do. But men, good men, have fought and died to keep the Stark name on that crown. I don't even know if it’s my choice to make.”
“Sometimes, I just want to lay you across my lap and teach you to behave.”
“I can still smell him on you,” Steve grumbled as he tightened his grip on Tony’s swollen cock. “I
“On your back,” Tony ordered, when he thought it was quite enough.
“Sorry about all this,” Steve said, gesturing vaguely to just about everything. “I know this is kind of rough.”
Tony had never expected the blotchy smudged scribblings of a farewell note to be honoured, and he was deeply moved.
Tony rested his hand on a hip, stroking the bone that jutted out. “Now? Do you yield? Going to stop running to your rebel friends? Going to stay with me?” he asked, whispering into his pretty ear.
“The Duke of Columbia. My uncle. Lord Pierce,” he gasped. He should have seen this coming. His uncle's rule as regent. The secret meetings. The clandestine looks. The accidents. The close shaves. They were beginning to make sense now.
Then, came the shy kiss on his lips.
“You sure did,” Tony said, unscrewing the cap of a bottle.
“I was going to be good. But if I see a situation pointed south, I can’t ignore it. Sometimes I wish I could.”
The boy had ridden back in disgrace, arms bound behind his back, feet lashed to the stirrups. Nonetheless, he kept his back straight and head held high, like a wild horse one sometimes found at the fringe of the forest. As he passed the gates, he looked directly at Tony, blue eyes blazing with the heat of a thousand suns, defiant even in defeat.
“Oh. That is nice. That is real nice, sweetheart,” Steve told him in a hoarse whisper, and showed his appreciation with a round of applause on his bottom, where a few sharp smacks landed dangerously close to his twitching hole and full balls. “Want you on your back now. Legs up.”
"Yeah," Steve said happily, allowing Tony to take his hand and guide him to his pillow.
In the dim lighting, he could barely make out the naked figure bent over the foot of the bed, arms bound above his head and ankles tied to the bottom of the bedposts. Tony would know him blind - by his scent, the way his breaths came and went.
Tony pulled him off his cock, slapping his face lightly with it. “Did I tell you to move?” he asked.
Tony hummed in approval. “Looks like you can listen after all. I think I should keep you naked more often, since you seem to have grown too big for your britches,” he said, stroking his back and rubbing circles on his bottom. He put a hand on the small of his back to calm him down, before kissing his forehead. “What happens to bad boys in this house?”
Tony parted the swollen cheeks to peek at the rosy flesh between, focusing his gaze on the tender pink bud. He stroked the rim with his thumb, gently tracing circles as the boy squirmed, fully aware of what awaited him. He’d been warned. The next time he betrayed Tony, his sweet boycunt would pay the price.
“Yeah,” Steve said, looking carefully at him. “Are you planning to sign?”
He planted soft kisses all over the bright pink bottom, burying his face between the cheeks, lapping at the soft, tender flower in his hopes of providing relief. It wasn’t long before the boy began moaning softly at Tony’s efforts, the plump flesh between his legs swelling and causing Tony’s heart to race. Tony took him in one hand, giving him a few firm strokes. With the other, he gently caressed his bottom, running circles around his rim, trying to alleviate his suffering.
“I know,” Tony said, placing his palm on the back of Steve’s neck. He softened at the touch, allowing Ty to pull away, scrambling for the exit.
Tony's mouth fell open. He'd forgotten how direct Steve could sometimes be. “My heart wasn’t in it,” he said. “You took it when you left,” he added, curtly.
“It wasn’t him,” Steve said, his earnest blue eyes reflecting his belief in his friend’s innocence.
He removed his tunic and lowered his trousers to free his hard cock, smirking as the young man's look of hunger. At his nod, nimble hands soon found their way to Tony’s dick, stroking it in long motions, making Tony throw his head back and close his eyes.
. Tony smiled indulgently at the scribbles in the margins denouncing the monarchy, tickled by the hand-drawn moustaches and beards. It was a gesture which spoke volumes, even if Tony was the only one who understood. It was Steve’s way of telling him - that he was the only one who mattered.
In all the ways that counted, the war was over. And the accords would make everything official. After they were signed, the people could hold their elections, select a more qualified person to lead them.
Steve’s eyes flew open and he turned to face him, looking horrified at the insinuation. “No,” he said. “No one.”
Tony blinked in surprise, looking from Steve to the cabin and back to him. “Is this a permanent arrangement? Don't you live in housing of some sort?” he asked.
“Didn’t keep that jerk from putting his hands around you,” Steve said.
In the darkness, promising moans of pleasure filled the room, and victory bubbled in Tony’s chest. This would finally be the moment he’d been waiting for - the day he tamed the boy and made him his.
Tony wasn’t even afraid, having lost the ability to feel anything else apart from despair, now that the love of his life had left. He just couldn't bring himself to care, not even about prosperity, peace or progress, when he had no queen by his side. He'd given up on finding one. Not one of the beauties in his harem could hold a candle to his Steve - a beacon in the dark, who burned fiercely as he left stars in his wake. Someone like Steve could never belong to anyone. Tony wasn’t supposed to want him, much less try to hold on to him, and keep him for his own.
“Oh!” Tony shouted as his leaking hole stretched around Steve’s throbbing dick.  “You crazy, jealous, possessive prick!” he cried when Steve did it
The real question was whether he could forgive himself. It took a while but he found the courage to survey the damage, to come to terms with what he had done. He returned to his place between long, slim legs, sickened at the sight of the angry strokes that covered the lovely white canvas, now a mess of pinks.
“Oh,” Tony said, the air rushing out of his lungs as his heart swelled to twice its usual size. “Funny how you once said you couldn’t give your heart to me.”
With Steve by his side, he was already home.
“No, you’re not,” Tony responded. “Not yet."
He lay on the same pillow, rubbing his face into it to inhale their mixed scents. He’d take it to his own bed as a memento. Better still, he might move into the boy’s room after, and pretend his lover was still here, that nothing had changed.
The silence was loud and clear –
Tony giggled at the idea. “What? You can’t be serious. What about those
“What?” Steve growled and glared at the interruption. “Want me to stop?”
Steve shivered, moving a hand toward his aching cock, desperate for relief. It was smacked away.
Tony sank to the ground, hands fumbling to untie Steve’s long legs from the bedposts. He rubbed gently at the ankles, chafed from struggling against his bonds before he untied the ropes that bound Steve’s hands, kissing away the indentations of coarse rope.
"Are you going to behave?" he asked. "Or do I have to cut a switch?"
“Did you miss me?” Steve asked, and Tony searched his memory, trying to remember if the confident young man had ever sounded quite so nervous and unsure. Yet, here he was, arms around him and waiting for an answer.
“You know, if I were a more traditional alpha, I’d take a belt to your ass, make sure you won’t be sitting for days.”
“No, no,” Tony said, placing his hand on Steve's chest to ease him back down. He took his wrists and rearranged his arms, keeping them above his head, right where he wanted them. “You stay where I want you,” he said, firmly.
Steve didn’t last very long, soon spurting ribbons of come onto the bed, some of it dripping onto Tony’s fingers. With Steve finding his pleasure, Tony followed soon after, as he had no wish to prolong the young man’s misery.
“Son of a bitch,” Tony muttered, his mouth dry. “Why?”
“Why not?” Tony asked as he continued to slide his finger in and out of Steve.
“Please,” Steve asked, moving his hips and rubbing his entrance against Tony’s thumb.
Tony hummed noncommittally, pouring a drink.
Steve made himself comfortable on the blankets. “Actually," he said with a happy sigh. "You get the best view on the ground looking up at the stars.”
Steve let out a low growl when he did, obviously pleased with the sight. “Very good. Hands and elbows on the bed now,” he ordered. “Keep them there. Good. Arch that back. Show me everything,” he ordered.
“I love you.”
“Oh!” Tony cried, as his eyes flew open. “Alpha...” he whined.
“I’m going to fuck you now,” he said, slowly and quite unnecessarily, just to make the boy blush. “Keep your hands here. No touching. You come on my cock or not at all. You hear me?”
He found it.
“You’re mine,” Steve said, as he reached for Tony’s cock and stroked it in time with his thrusts. “Mine,” he repeated when he pressed a soft kiss in the middle of his forehead, still driving into him. “Mine,” he whispered into his ear as he nibbled on his earlobe.
It was a warm, summer evening, so they lay on their blankets with only the night sky for cover. The forest floor was a good bed - soft, thick with several inches of soil. Gazing at the blanket of stars, they munched on wild berries and talked about the ceasefire and the rebuilding efforts, heartened by the progress on that front.
Happy was waiting at the porch, the engine of the Rolls-Royce running. He opened the door for them, wide enough for Steve’s large body to get inside the vehicle. Tony joined him from the other side.
“Drink,” Tony said, holding the cup to his lips.
“A man. An equal. Someone I could -,” he trailed off, leaving the sentence hanging between them.
And Tony couldn’t ignore their demands. It would start a coup, the very last thing he needed in the middle of a revolution.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said, his heart heavy with guilt.
And Tony would be free.
Lowering him gently on the bed, Tony could make out the curves of Steve’s muscles, rippling with power and control. “Turn over. Get that pretty bottom high in the air for me. Legs apart. Wider. Use your hands. Let’s see that sweet cunt.”
Tony sat up with the kneeling man, kissing his temple and his nape. He let his fingers dance across the lean muscles of his back, stroking the smooth skin of his lovely, round ass.
“It tasted - like you,” Steve explained, sitting up in an attempt to kiss him again.
“Good,” Tony said, carefully placing the crop between Steve's lips.
“If you care so much about
“Yes,” Steve whispered through his slightly-parted lips.
Tony whimpered. “I’m yours. I know that.”
“Don’t move,” Steve ordered, as he climbed onto the bed and positioned himself in front of Tony and lined his wet tip with Tony’s entrance. He slid inside in one slow move, which drew a loud moan from Tony.
“Stand down now. Final warning.” Tony's voice was stable, a low growl, but the look in his eyes brooked no argument.
He took a long last look at the bedroom, a tiny bubble where they forgot they were at war. In there, they’d created beautiful memories, all of which he would never forget. With a final glance at his sleeping lover, he walked out and shut the door.
They set off, riding along twisting paths, snaking around the ancient trees. The leapt over fallen trees, dodging the rotting oak, under lowered branches. As they raced toward their freedom, Tony opened his eyes to the beauty of the wilderness and all who dwelled within it. He didn't know where they were going and he didn't even care.
It was no wonder he crashed and burned.
“Yep,” Tony admitted. He really was, despite his promise. But that was before he found out how his parents had died. He forced himself to swallow the food in his mouth, which had turned sour at the mention of that name.
Taking his position behind the boy, to his left, Tony raised the crop above the fleshy round rump, tapped it a few times to practise his aim, and brought it down with a loud crack.
thief?
Even if he was (sometimes) a crazy, jealous, possessive fuck.
“Tony, please – it hurts. I’m sorry,” Steve said, not above begging for a reprieve.
With another flick of his wrist, he slapped the pink bud again, and again, barely pausing between strokes to build a rhythm, not unlike the beat of war drums, as the rigid crop marched up and down the valley of dusk. A king, he would conquer anything and anyone that stood in the way of his prize.
“You look good,” Tony said, to the young man by his feet, whose face turned a pretty shade of pink. He gazed upon the bruised knuckles, resisting the urge to kiss them, not that he could, still tied to a chair. Steve was quiet, focused on his task, so Tony let him be, trying to slow down his own breathing, hoping the younger man wouldn’t hear the violent pounding of his heart.
“Don’t do anything you would do. Don’t do anything you wouldn’t. There’s this little grey area...”
Tony blinked in confusion. “Wait. Backup? These aren’t Fury’s men?” he asked.
Tony raised a brow, hearing about this for the first time. “Who's behind all this?” he asked, genuinely curious.
By the time he was done, the boy had stopped struggling, his loud cries of protests subsiding into broken sobs, his pink bud swelling like the soft petals of a blooming rose.
“I love you,” Tony said, squeezing his hand and kissing his knuckles.
“Freedom,” Tony scoffed. “A noble idea. How many men are truly free? You think I chose this life? That I chose to be a king? Do you think I enjoy this? Every widow made by my decision? Every child orphaned by my will? These are
At least he was in good company.
“Don’t,” Steve said, waving away his apology. “You gave me a home. This was my choice,” he said as Tony's heart ached at the thought of his precious boy living in these conditions, alone.
Steve brushed his other hand across Tony’s bare chest, gently running over his flat stomach and his hip to wrap his fingers around Tony’s leaking cock. “I don’t know,” Steve said, considering the question. I might allow you a cage and plug. That will at least keep their hands off you. Think that would curb your wanton desires?”
Tony slid a hand down Steve’s body, caressing his hip and his bottom, his fingers gliding between his inner cheeks, dancing around the young man’s hole. Pressing his lips to Steve’s ear, he asked, “Did you feel me that morning when you left?”
“Yes, I gave you my word,” the man said, before hurrying over to undo the ropes, slicing through them with a small knife.
Steve took a small sip of the soda, the bubbles settling uneasily in the pit of his stomach.
“Pretty boys like you shouldn’t have clothes. You’ll just use them to get a rise from the innocent people around you.”
At the threat, Steve buried his head and sobbed miserably, but he stayed in position, head on the ground and ass in the air, legs apart, just as Tony wanted.
Tony opened the box to find a pair of reeds and an inscription on the inside of the box:
“Do you know why you’re being punished?” Tony asked.
Tony strained his ears, listening with rapt attention to the sounds of the guards outside bumbling at
“All I have to do is sign?”
“Yeah, you do,” Tony agreed.
Steve had endured the crop, several times, on his boy bits. Tony thought it was the perfect cure for impertinence.  He still remembered the way it burned.
Tony fisted his hand in Steve’s hair, pulling the man off as he handed him the bottle of oil. Steve coated his length, spreading it from the tip to his balls.
Tony lowered his eyes and pretended to look ashamed. “It’s not my fault,” he said. “You’re just so much fun when you’re jealous.”
Tony blinked. “My choice? The accords?”
Steve raised an eyebrow and pinned him down with his gaze. “Oh, as long as it’s just this once,” he said. “Because I think some discipline is overdue. Can’t have you running around with random alphas, forgetting to whom you belong.”
Tony took it, following Steve to the doorway, where they were greeted by lines and lines of unconscious guards. “They are so going to have you whipped for this,” Tony whispered, deeply impressed.
“No one else has had this tight cunt?” he asked, raising a brow as he breached the tight ring with an oiled finger.
It made his mouth water. “Beautiful,” Tony said, pushing his head between his strong thighs to mouth at Steve’s balls. His lips found Steve’s hole, kissing it tenderly, lapping slowly around the rim before slipping his tongue into that tight ass. Drunk on Steve's scent, he alternated between circling his rim and slipping his tongue inside, as Steve moaned his pleasure into the blankets.
Because Dum-E is beeping and chirping and gesturing with the flip phone like Christmas has come early and he’s just been gifted the shiniest, most impressive present instead of a disabled cell phone that belongs solidly in the early 2000s.  More than that, Steve looks far too pleased with himself.
"You think it's him?" He asks,but Stark shakes his head.
“What died in here?” He asked, and Tony didn’t respond at first, then glanced from his screen.
As soon as he reached him Tony was prepared for the endless flood of leering and mindless comments.
“Not what you said last night” And unfortunately, Nat heard him.
“Let’s do this” He says into his earpiece, and he hears a rumble of response from the rest of the team.
“It’s not important” He says, and Tony mutters.
Steve.
"Make sure none of these guests leave yet" The servants eyes widened and Tony glanced up at him.
“I don’t give speeches in the morning” He argues, and Clint shrugs.
“I’m fine”  He encourages, and Steve doesn’t believe him, he stands for a moment, taking in his sunken eyes, and tousled hair, and then turns away.
Definitely. He reassures himself, and then turns when he hears Bruce speak.
Tony nods, confirming the statement, glancing towards the man who was frowning down at the body.
"Poison, most likely" Tony informed, glancing towards the guests who were being removed from the room by the servants, and took towards the guest quarters.
He had been awake for days.
“You’re not my mother, you can’t tell me what to do” He mocked, and Steve watched him.
“Nothing” He says, and turns his gaze back towards the floor. Tony watches him now, frowning, trying to remember what happens, and then he realises.
A fresh wave of air wafted through the lab, hitting Tony in the back, wafting loose strands of hair into his vision, he pushed them back, and continued to type. Until a voice pulls him out of his routine.
“Goodnight” He calls out, flicking off the light switch, and from the room all hears is the words.
“What?” He asked, and Steve sighed.
His head turned to the side slightly, making it seem as if he was still looking at the girl as he watched the man step down the eight stepped staircase and stand at the bottom, his eyes grazing over the sea of dancers and party goers, hovering for a second as the met Starks. An impish smirk appeared on his lips and he continued to walk forward, a servant instantly bringing a tray carrying a glass half filled with champagne, the man took one from the tray and cast a nod at the servant, before continuing to move around the sea of people. Stark frowned slightly and stepped away, taking the girl with him, determined to dance in a corner away from him, but the girl had other ideas, she stepped closer to Rogers and Stark let go, the girl visibly expressing her dissapointment before she was swept up by another suitor. He shook his head and ran a hand through his hair, he moved towards a small corner, with several tables for guests to sit down, he took place perching on the edge of a chair, watching as Steve continued to move closer, heading in his direction, Tony rolled his eyes, why did the prick always make a beeline for him.
“I’m not naked now, if you must know” He informs, and Steve nods, turning to face Tony, following him into the room, and as Tony clambers into bed. He speaks.
“Get some rest, you need it” He says, and Tony mumbles a response, Steve nods and turns, heading back towards the door.
As he reaches the board room, he sees Steve already inside, deep in conversation with Nick Fury, and Tony stands by the door eavesdropping.
“No, no, no, no” He repeats, pulling him to his feet, and pressing a hand to his earpiece.
"You think it's one of them?" Rhodey asks nodding towards the guests, and Tony nods. Rhodey shoots a glance at Steve and grabs Tony by the shoulder, leading him away for a moment,
“Not sure, what umm… what’s the word, day, day, what day is it?” He questions, reaching a hand to grasp it around a cup of coffee, and bringing it to his lips, not bothered by the fact that it was cold, and had probably sat in the room for a few hours at least.
“Evac, we need evac… it’s Stark, he’s been shot” He repeats, tripping over the words, as he scoops the man into his arms, placing his shield on his back, and Tony shakes his head.
“Yeah, best sleep I’ve had in a while” He jokes, and Rhodey shakes his head, chuckling.
“Hey! Put me down Rogers!” He says, hitting the back of Steve’s back with balled fists, but the soldier doesn’t respond and keeps on walking until he’s out of the lab and in the corridor, he feels Tony tense up at the exposure to the light from the corridor, and hide his face in the back of Steve’s shirt, hearing a mumble of ‘too bright’ as he continues to walk up the stairs until he reaches Tony’s floor.
. He tells himself.
Steve stands a few feet behind him, watching, as the genius stands, hunched by the bed.
“You’ve been in here since Sunday?” He repeats, incredulously, and Tony swivels in his chair to face him.
“How are you feeling?” He asks, and Tony shrugs.
“Stark?” It echoes through the room, bouncing off the walls, and seeming ten times louder than it actually was to Tony, he groaned softly, massaging his temples, and glancing over to the doorway, as yellow light pooled into the lab room. He frowns and lets out a breath.
He cursed at himself silently,
“Tony.. Tony” It repeats, and he blinks twice, looking up to see Steve’s panicked face staring back down at him, he coughs, feeling a warm liquid falling down his chin, and Steve’s face falls.
To say that Tony had been awake for a while would be an understatement.
“Here” He says, stepping forward, moving towards his dresser, pulling out a clean shirt, and a pair of boxers, before handing them to Tony, who looks at the clothes and then at Steve, and cracked a half smile.
That was until a shrill cry cut through the perfect ensemble, the music faded, as the cry became louder and another guest began to scream, Tony stood up, as did Steve and both walked forward, the music having stopped now, they moved forward as the crowd parting showing the cause of the scream, by the row of tables conveying food for guests a man in his middle ages plump in stature lay prostate on the ground, Tony rushed forward, his knees bending as he crouched next to him, turning the body over and pressing two fingers to his neck, checking his pulse, but there was none, he sat backwards, and Steve glanced at the guests, gesturing to a servant, who rushed forward, his face paling as he looked at the body.
“What’s got you all upset capsicle?” A croaky voice called from next to him, and his head shot the side, staring at the bed where Tony rested, and he saw Tony smirking next to him.
“In simple words, we found another HYDRA base, plan is, to infiltrate it, take out the guards, and access any information that may be considered useful. Rogers and Stark will be on the front line, you two need to get inside the building, Roger’s will be taking out anybody, and Stark, you’re getting the info. Now, the other guy, Nat, and Clint, will be on the outside, taking out any guards or HYDRA workers, IF, you think one of them is important, bring them in. and once the outside’s been taken care off, start on the inside, and Thor, you just do whatever it is that you do” Fury explains, and they nod, and Fury nods back, before standing there.
They watched as it progresses, it had been a minutes since they had last discussed anything and the longest they had ever gone without causing an argument, or evening passing judgement on one another.
But he was still.
Steve’s shield connects with a guards chin as he forces it upwards, knocking the man out of his way, and he hits the ground with a  thud and a grunt of pain, and Steve moves forward, taking out more of the guards, deflecting their bullets as they fired at him, he turned to see Tony by the entrance, forcing the door open with his suit. And when it swings open he turns and signals to Steve, motioning for him to follow him, which he does, and as they enter the building a horde of HYDRA guards swarm forward, opening fire on the two of them.
“Anyhow, Fury says we have a mission” And Clint groans, and Steve nods.
He hadn’t walked himself to his bedroom.
"Stark" Steve's voice cut through the air, as the man finally stood in front of him, smiling down at him as he straightened his waistcoat, and placed the glass of champagne delicately on the rounded table right next to Tony's arm, the other man glanced up at him, taking a deep breath as he responded.
He watched the man carefully, trying his best to think of what happened and then it hit him.
“Really?” He asks, and Rhodey nods. Before looking sympathetically at Tony.
And he wouldn’t be having a mental breakdown.
“We thought we lost you back there” He said and Tony frowned.
“I just don’t think he should go on this one” He hears Steve says, and he frowns, were they talking about him?
"What are you doing?" He asked, frowning slightly as he stood up from the floor.
He should have been watching.
"Rhodey, what are you doing here?" Tony asked, his brows furrowing and Steve looked between the two men.
“Are you even fit to go?” He accuses, and Tony glares at him.
“Hey, are you two, gonna stop your whole eye thing, it’s like you’re undressing each other with your eyes” He says, sticking out his tongue in mock disgust, and Steve turns his head away. Until Tony speaks.
“Hey, Tony, good to see you out of that lab” Sam comments, and Clint hums in agreement, the scientist turns around, a coffee mug in hand, and shrugs.
“Tony” He said, about to stand, and Tony shook his head, before attempting to push himself up into a sitting position before Steve placed a hand on his chest.
It was unsettling, the pair of eyes that trailed after him, as he placed one foot in front of the other in a sequence of steps, most of which had been drilled into him by his dance teacher from the time he had first begun to take his few steps, had caused the routine to come easily to him. His hand moving lower to gain a firm grip on the woman's waist, she looked at him, pink dusting her cheeks at his actions, he cast her a grin and forced himself to look at his dance partner instead of... Him.
“Tony” He warned lowly, and Tony’s gaze flicked to him.
“Don’t touch it” He said, and Tony shook his head.
“Tuesday? Oh, I thought it was Sunday” He says, and Steve stares at him.
But they got him back, both times, and Steve had vowed not to leave his side, just to be sure it didn’t happen again.
“When’s briefing?” He asks, and Tony shrugs, before rubbing his eyes.
"Yes" He turned to watch the guests dancing. "Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves" A graceful smile was cast upon them and he turned back to Tony. He looked at him with what he could recognise as practised indifference, if he had wanted to criticise him it'd have been done by now, unless he was trying a different approach,
Steve turns to look at him, a soft frown on his face, and he begins to stand.
“Rogers” He responds, before returning his attention back to his screen. The man steps into the room and looks around grimacing as the smell hits him.
Then, from the corner of the screen Tony sees a glint from behind him, he turns, slowly, and sees the guard, and his gaze goes from the guard to where his gun is pointing.
A few seconds later Rhodey steps into the room, smiling at Tony.
He doesn’t feel it when he hits the floor, nor does he hear Steve shout his name, all he can hear is the sharp ringing of a whistle, and then the shaking of his hands, the shortness of breath, and he can hear a voice. Shouting, was it Steve? Somebody. He squints up at the harsh lighting of the room, and feels a pair of strong hands pull him up, and pressing against his chest.
“Tony, how long have you been in here?” He asks, and Tony glances at him for a brief second before looking back at the screen.
“Be careful” He says, softly, barely a whisper, and Tony nods, not knowing what to say, before shrugging his hand away from him and heading towards the exit.
"No, he was with me for a portion of the night and he never went anywhere near the table" He spoke lightly, and Rhodey frowned.
“What do you mean?” He asks, and Rhodey looks at him.
“I’m going to die” He says suddenly, and Steve shakes his head.
“I’m fine” He says, knowing he is not, and that every movement hurts his body, but he smiles to Rhodey regardless, he doesn’t need him to worry. Rhodey smiles at him and sits down where Steve was a few moments ago.
“He hasn’t slept, the man barely eats, he only sits next to you Tony… What’s going on with the two of you?” He asks, but he doesn’t reply, he just stares down at his hands, before muttering quietly.
he thinks and then nods, yeah, he hadn’t heard it. Otherwise he’d of mentioned it right…? Right?
“What?” He stutters, waiting for Tony to repeat what he said and confirm that he hadn’t misheard him.
“Don’t bullshit me Rogers, I heard you” He spits, and Steve looks taken aback.
twice already.
“Steve was there, both times” He starts, looking back at the door in case he was standing there and then turned back.
“Cut the crap, I’m going, whether you like it or not” Tony says, and the room is silent,
“Well I take back what I said now” He moans, and Tony grins, and then shrugs.
“Fine” Steve says finally, shattering the silence “But if you get yourself, or anyone else injured, that’s on you” He says, turning to look out of the window, and Tony shrugs.
The others had told him to sleep, that the nurses would monitor over him, but he had shook his head, and sat down beside him, not moving since.
“Language” He whispers, softly, and looks up at Steve and down at his chest.
His entire body
He blinked twice, letting out a sigh, before looking at Tony.
“We need…. We need” He mumbles, not quite sure what to say, he needed Tony to be okay, he needed him to be, otherwise he didn’t know what he was going to do, he felt his chest tighten and was pulled out of his thoughts as Bruce placed a hand on his shoulder.
“I’m not sure Rogers, we need him on this” Fury replies, and Steve huffs, before Tony steps into the room, and both men stop. He leans against the doorframe and raises a brow.
“Please…” He coughs again, blood trailing from the corner of his mouth, and Steve swears, spinning around and quickly pulling the drive from the computer, and he hears Tony chuckle, a horrible sound, as the sound of gurgling blood follows it.
“Of course I am, why wouldn’t I be?” He scoffs, and Steve rolls his eyes.
“I think you’ve had more than enough coffee, come on” He says, walking towards the door, but Tony doesn’t follow him, and Steve turns around to see him back in his seat again, he shakes his head and walks back to him, physically lifting the smaller man out of his chair and slinging him over his shoulder. The man calls out a cry of protest.
“I’m fine, go away Rogers” He says, and Steve shakes his head.
“Nonononono, I’m almost done, just a few more hours” He whines, his hands reaching out in an attempt to grab the monitor, but Steve pulls him to his feet, and Tony stands for the first time in a while. Stumbling forward almost instantly afterwards, Steve places a hand on his shoulder to steady the man but he brushes it away, mumbling.
“Tuesday, Tony, Geez how long?” Steve asks, letting out a sigh and pulling a chair towards Tony, so he could sit. The man looks at him sceptically.
Steve sighed as he takes his seat in the quinjet, watching as Tony stood near the pilots area, leaning against one of the metal walls, staring at him accusingly, keeping eye contact, until Clint perked up.
“I’ll probably get right back on it later” He says, just as Steve walks into the room, stopping when he sees the scientist, and turning away, not quite meeting his gaze, and Tony frowns.
“Shit” He mutters, before ushering him towards the jet, and as the climb the ramp, the other avengers stand there, motionless, as they watch Steve place Tony down on side.
“Yeah okay” He muttered, wincing as he bought his hand up to touch his side, before Steve grabbed it, and Tony shot him a look.
“Can’t type in my suit spangles” He says, and Steve nods, looking around the room, for any access points any other guards could enter from. And Tony moves towards the computers, pulling out a USB stick from his pocket, and shoving it into the drive, he bends over, typing away at the keyboard, and then looks up at Steve.
“I’m fine spangles, I just need to sit up” He says, before attempting to do so again, before letting out a grunt of pain as he did, and then laying back down himself.
Steve Rogers, son of the deceased Joseph Rogers, and heir to a long line of rulers from the east side of the borders, although he seemed kind and spotless, Stark knew what was underneath, a rage that burned deep and a ruthlessness that could pierce flesh, a trained fighter, raised on the knowledge that he would hold power and wealth, knowledge like that made a man dangerous, and Stark knew firsthand the length he would go to protect his name and honour.
“Trying to get me naked huh?” He drawls, and Steve shakes his head, placing a hand on his shoulder.
“I should get the nurse” He mumbles, placing a hand on the side of his chair and pushing himself up. Tony says nothing, just watching as Steve moves, and heads towards the door, who glances back at him, before leaving.
"But something seems off"
“It’s encrypted, not very well though, should take me a few minutes to crack” He says, and Steve nods, as Tony continues to clack at the computer keyboard, his gaze flicking from the keyboard to the screen. And Steve continues to stand on guard.
“Aside from the fact you haven’t slept in the past few days?” He states, and Tony shrugs, pouring the remainder of the coffee that was in his mug down the sink, he turns to Steve and sighs.
“I just think it’s the best interest for you, and the team, if you sit this one out” He argues, and Fury watches the confrontation, amusement written on his face.
“It’s mine”
He ran a hand through his hair, slumping down in his chair, the sharp sting of tears pricking corner of his eyes, he let out a sharp strangled noise that he couldn’t describe and began to cry.
“Sometimes you do” He says, and Tony points at the archer, nodding
“What’d you do last night?” She asks, and his head shoots up, looking at Nat, and he shakes his head at her, causing her to smirk.
“You know, at least buy me a coffee first” He almost slurs. And Steve tries not to smile.
“You need to lay down” He said, pushing him back gently onto his pillow and Tony scoffed.
“Jarvis, run diagnostics” He says, his words slurring slightly, and the AI responds accordingly, around 16 hours earlier the AI had attempted to get Tony’s attention, warning him that going hours without rest the caffeine he’d ingested was unhealthy and he needed to get some rest. But he’d simply shook his head, muttered under his breath and continued to type.
He can barely make out the SWAT team hovering near the borders of the park, but he knows they’ve been ordered to stand down unless things turn violent.  Quietly, he starts speaking under his breath knowing the team’s in-ear com links will pick it up.
Somehow, he doubts the Kindergarten defense grants him the moral high ground.
timing,” he emphasizes.
He keeps this in mind when he walks into the lab with two cups of coffee in his hands.  Despite the expense, Tony always insists that the best coffee within a three mile radius of the tower comes from the baristas he keeps on staff on the 20th floor.  For the past couple of weeks, it’s been Steve’s job to ride the elevator up and grab Tony the largest size available whenever Tony feels like a boost, which is Tony-speak for between each and every movie you watch.  Steve tries to say no – someone has to monitor Tony’s caffeine intake – but honestly, he ends up relenting half of the time.  Tony always just looks so
Tony’s eyes harden.  “Just because I’m not working on those Helicarriers doesn’t mean that SHIELD gets automatic access to my new tech.”
“The problem is, other elements just don’t react the way that vibranium does on a chemical level.  The arc-reactor basically functions as a multi-isotope radio-decay cell.  Ionized molecules, vibranium in this case, emit harvestable amounts of energy as they decay, and the gamma rays produced from the electron capture process catalyze the beta decay from the vibranium core.  The difference between the electron flow in the outer and inner rings enables an electric current, which you can then harvest for power.  Simple enough, right?”  Steve assumes that’s a rhetorical question.  “Unfortunately, it’s damn near impossible to work backwards when you already have a fully functioning model.  Vibranium is expensive as all hell to produce, so using it just won’t work in a commercial environment, but other molecular structures don’t have a comparable decay rate to produce the necessary electron flow, which is sort of essential to the whole process!”
“Actually,” he rejoins, “U’s over there,” Tony responds, gesturing toward the fabrication corner of the lab.  “U and Butterfingers.”
It comes as a shock when he feels a slight pressure on the back of his knees; apparently, Tony’s enthusiasm has been driving them backwards this entire time, and they’ve slowly shuffled toward the bed.  So much for enhanced reflex and acute attention to the surrounding areas.  Evidently, all it takes is one kiss from Tony to throw all of his concentration out the window.  He can’t say he minds.
He gets the feeling that’s JARVIS-talk for ‘time spent in Afghanistan,’ and is hesitant to keep going.  Still, he gets the feeling that, despite being a computer program, JARVIS probably knows more of Tony’s secrets than anyone else.
Not that Iron Man’s been needed in the past few weeks.  Turns out, metal man has all the fun while Tony Stark gets stuck on cleanup duty.  Sure, he helped save the world, but no one ever mentioned what a long and drawn out ordeal the reconstruction would be.
Natasha’s lost her blazer somewhere between the press conference and the tower, and Steve can see an alarming smear of red spreading low on her left side. “Where were you hit?” he asks in a voice that he hopes masks his internal panic. He couches down beside her and starts to lift the hem of her shirt. At the level of the bloodstain on her torso, she could be looking at a punctured lung or intestines.
To: Potts, Pepper
The hardest thing about adjusting to this era – apart from losing everything and everyone he’s ever known – is figuring out precisely what to expect from this new world.  The future, as far as he can tell has developed along no discernable trajectory.  Flying jetpacks are apparently “not a thing,” but the US sent monkeys to space in the sixties.  Witches are mythical figures from the pages of fantasy novels, but yes, of course aliens are real.  It’s all very confusing.  Everyone at SHIELD had been very kind about correcting his mistakes or providing him with reading material about the decades he’d missed, but he still gets the impression that their advice is doled out with a mixture of pity and patronization.
Steve frowns.  “Just the one?  How did they manage to wipe out the entire city’s electrical power grid?”
“Okay?”
“Well, they don’t exactly speak back to us.”  Steve hopes that’s the right answer; he really doesn’t have a clue what he’s supposed to be doing.  He gulps and starts again.  “You’re not from around here, are you?”
“Look,” he barks, in no mood to listen to the latest spiel, “I don’t know what Fury told you, but the answer’s still the same.  I’ll get to the Helicarrier designs when I get to them, and I’m not going to change my mind, no matter how many agents he sends me.”
“No, they weren’t.  I know Gina Reynolds, and trust me, you’re much better off with m- without her.
“Yeah,” Tony answers back, “just a bit of external damage that I need to fix.  Shouldn’t take more than a couple of hours.”
“Good boy!”  A grin bursts over the man’s face, and he starts running his fingers back and forth across the metal claw.  “Thank you, Dum-E!
“Like what?” Steve repeats.  “You said you’re working on something important.  I'm just wondering what’s so critical that you’re postponing government contracts.”
After successfully finishing off Daniel Webster and Mother Goose, Steve allows himself a breath and takes a look around the courtyard.  The plaza is blissfully clear of advancing statuary, both historic and fictitious.
“Nothing!”  His answer is meant to be reassuring, but Pep’s obviously not buying it, because her look goes from curious to suspicious in about half a second.
“Many happy regards on your union,” Thor cuts in.  “May we continue this conversation after our victory?”
“We need an accelerated construction schedule, and we need it yesterday, but Stark operates according to his own timetable. He’s rich as hell, so withholding payment doesn’t faze him. And his competitors aren’t worth shit, so we can’t turn anywhere else. He’s got a monopoly on our tech, and we can’t afford to wait any longer.”
Steph deliberately raises her book.  “I’m reading,” she notes primly.
“We can fix that,” Tony announces in a sharp, abrupt voice.  He looks strangely...
in the air is all the warning they get, before multiple points of light flash outside of the window and the city beneath plunges into darkness.
“Look, I know you're sort of out of touch with the modern world, but pick up any tabloid from the last ten years or so and you’ll figure out exactly why the thought of me as some sort of superhero is laughable at best.  I don’t have the temperament.  People would never trust Tony Stark to be the one to fly into danger and make the hard choices.  The man inside that suit, he’s everything that I can never be.  He’s the guy you want next to you when the sky starts falling in, not me.  I’m just the bankroll.”
And they’re back to vagueness.  Fantastic.
“Not really.”  Yet despite his no, Steve starts talking again after a moment’s pause.  His words seem tentative and distant, but he chokes out an explanation with what Tony can only label Steve-like persistence.  “When I was in the service, a plane I was flying crashed into the ocean.  It went down fast, and I almost didn’t make it out in time.”
“Other than like 18-foot statue of yours truly?”
when he comes back.
danger,” Steve stresses.  “It doesn’t involve you flying into a collapsing building without approval or backup!”
He continues on, trying to make his admittedly thin excuse seem legitimate.  He channels Mrs. Jankowski and continues.  “I know it’s strange, but Nana was terrified of having newfangled contraptions in her house, and she was afraid radio waves were going to mess with her brain, so I wasn’t allowed to listen to music or watch television all that much.”  Or, you know, at all.  He sees the waves of incomprehension fade from Tony’s face to give way to something more aggressive.
To: Stark, Tony
Steve’s not familiar with that colloquialism, but whatever it is, it doesn’t sound good.  “What does that mean?” he asks Clint, secretly knowing he’s not going to like the answer.  His assumption is confirmed when Clint suddenly looks sheepish.
“Want to give me a hint?”
“Look, I’m not asking for you to lock into a permanent commitment here.  My life’s up in the air at the moment too, and I can’t predict where things are headed.  But I
Steph reaches out with one gloved hand.  Her fingers are still filthy with ash, but Tasha’s face is already sweat-dampened from being inside of the helmet.  There’s also a not-so-subtle part of her that wants to leave a mark on Tasha, to prove that
Sure enough, when he turns around, Thor is standing there in all of his red caped glory.  Hammer in hand, he advances toward the steps, and Steve allows himself to hope.
“Mainly,” Tony carries on, his own voice giving away nothing, “she was upset that she hadn’t heard about you sooner.”
“I don’t really think there’s another way you can say it,” he replies testily.
“Okay.”
“What the hell are you trying to say Steve?” she asks, voice angry but eyes bright.
Iron Man obviously doesn’t require the same degree of space. Or want it. Just the opposite, apparently.
, not
“Only this one," Steve says softly, "but I can't imagine anything better."
“I’m in position,” Clint’s voice resounds over the link, and Steve risks a brief glance toward the archer’s perch.  He can just barely make out a small figure prone on a neighboring rooftop.  “Tell Thor to put some space between them, and I’ll try to take this guy down.”
“Obviously,” Stark cuts in, “but that still doesn’t explain what you’re doing in my lab.”
“I can’t tell you that all always be safe, but I’ll never stop fighting to make my way back to you.”
What he does know is absolutely nothing Clint and Natasha have implied about him and Tony having a relationship is remotely based in fact.  They are colleagues who happen to get along well with one another.
The aloof group that he met nearly a year ago have been replaced with an array of exhausted looking people sprawled out over any available piece of furniture.  No one’s doing anything productive; instead, everybody seems committed to watching some sort of sitcom that’s projected on the far wall, munching on various snack foods, and generally lounging about.  Given everyone’s damp hair and the towel turban perched on top of Thor’s head, he imagines everyone is fresh from the showers.
“I promise.”
“Nothing.  Negotiators are trying to talk to her, but so far she’s not making any demands.  She just seems to be...exploring.”
Steve’s eyes narrow, and a slight wrinkle appears between his eyebrows.  “Mr. Stark, you agreed to design and build Helicarriers for SHIELD.  Your contract with – ”
When all of this is over, he’s going to write a nice, long note to the City of New York, pushing floral arrangements over metal decor.
.  You are not leveraging Steve for a better phone.”
The inventor raises an eyebrow.  “I was sort of under the impression that they were getting their asses handed to them.”
It’s a story that seems achingly familiar.
“Mr. Stark – ”
Because as Steve backs his way out of the room and tries to avoid eye contact with a bleary-eyed Natasha, he realizes one more thing with uncomfortable, painful clarity.
Oh, right.  Well, technically he’s been awake for the past seventeen hours; that has to count for something.
, rolls backward and clutches the phone to his center support.
“It is an unintended consequence of tending to Sir for so many years.”
The robot bobs up and down on his hinges, indicating Lord knows what, before turning his pincer toward Steve.  As if summoned, the SHIELD agent approaches Dum-E and squats down, which is also stupid since the bot doesn’t have eyes either.
After a probably too-long amount of time, he finally makes his way out of headquarters and back to the lab, which is a strangely empty place without Tony.
Steve momentarily debates explaining how odd it is for him to sleep this late in the morning, but quickly decides against it.
“So what’s the issue?”
“We’re done,” Steve responds and holds out his hand.  “Good luck, Mr. Stark.”
This could all be for nothing. Despite his brain’s most recent discoveries, there is absolutely nothing to suggest that Tasha feels the same way about him or might even grow to think of him in a romantic light. But with all that’s happened, their relationship is bound to change. It can’t not change. But maybe he can help shape the final product into something that’s more fulfilling for both of them. At this point he has to try, because he doubts the universe is going to provide him with another test run.
Tony nods, quickly and he leans in.  “Absolutely.  I’ll listen to anything and everything you want to say.”  His voice is notably sincere, which gives Steve the courage to keep talking.
The director inclines his head toward the elevator, and the doors, as if they sense his gesture, part seamlessly.  Within moments, a cool British voice resonates from the speakers in the ceiling.
stays masked in public, always maintaining the illusion of a selfless figure poised to serve the greater good.  This isn’t Captain America right now.  This is Steve, whose mouth is currently leaking blood and who’s temple is marred by an obscene gash over his right eye.
“Yes,” says Tony, eyeing the goat cheese crostini on the tray in front of him.  “See that man over there?” he asks, motioning toward Steve.  The waiter’s eyes widen.
There’s a moment of dead quiet after he finished his little tirade, and Steve fears that he’s tipped his hand. It’s a speech that demands a response but, really, what is there to say? No matter the reply, Steve really doesn’t think he can stick around to hear it. He stands.
“It’s not necessarily something that I want to practice.”
There’s never going to be a better opening.  Her fingers hesitate over the keyboard for a few seconds, but she eventually sends the text.
“Someone has to bring home the big bucks,” Tasha shoots back, crouching down to pull off a pair of painful looking stilettos.  “You know,” she remarks, gesturing with a shoe, “you’re more than welcome to tag along to any of these shindigs if you ever want to reprise your role as a chorus girl.”
“Over the past few weeks, we’ve sent four highly-trained senior agents to try to motivate Stark, and not a one of them lasted more than three days. I’m out of options, and my absolute last bet is you.” Fury leaned forward and clapped him on the shoulder. “Congratulations, Cap. You’re now the new official SHIELD liaison to Stark Industries.”
She laughs lightly, but she’s not meeting his eyes. “Give the man a gold star. Or a white one. Consistency in color schemes is important,” she says faintly as she taps the center of his chest, where a white star has always appeared on every uniform she’s designed. And every suit she’s ever fought alongside.
It’s fine
him, and he’s just spent the entire night insisting that they are not in fact a couple.
“That...makes sense.”
“It surprises me,” Nat continues, “that he felt the need to get so hostile.  What did you say to him?”
Oh, shit.  Yup, that could be…bad.  Although he’d like to think that a sentient Iron Man statue could hold his own.  He very nearly gets into the mental conundrum how an animated statue Iron Man would match up against the real deal, when he finally takes stock of what Steve said.  Steve didn’t specify himself or Thor or Hulk as the greatest threat.  He pinpointed…
She waits a moment before sending off another text.
“Would you like me to run a comparative analysis between the two prototypes?”
But that answer will not get him assigned to field work, so he answers dispassionately. “I’m fine. I would tell you if anything was seriously wrong.”
“Nothing?” Tony presses.
“Hop on
So here he is, sneaking around in his own hallway, weighing the merits of ambushing Steve at breakfast.  Yeah, he should probably step back and reconsider his life choices.
“– Steve, that’s not…I mean of course I am.  Who wouldn’t be, but…
“Yeah…” She inhales once deeply and then plows forward. “Neither of us liked keeping it a secret,” she blurts, and Steve starts at the sudden conversation. “Us, being...together,” she clarifies. “I...
.  In fact, the vitals readings on his display show no signs of life at all:  no breath, no pulse, no heartbeat.
Clint and Natasha, who had a longer history with the agent, had spent most of the ICU visiting hours at the hospital. He initially hadn’t wanted to impose upon their private time, until Natasha gave him one of her death glares and told him to show up.  He shows, with a gift.  Before making the trek to the hospital, he’d politely approached the curators at the Smithsonian and told them yes, they were welcome to display his personal effects, so long as they gave him one of their first-edition Captain America comics.  He inscribed it “To Phil” with a lengthy personal note and given it to Coulson in the hospital.  The agent’s eyes had widened momentarily, before he collected himself and muttered, “Thank you, Captain Rogers.”
They’re basically just going to sit there and pretend that neither of them fought an intergalactic space witch in Central Park.  And maybe talk about their almost kiss. Why does he even do this to himself?
“Hello?” he answers tersely.
“Well of course we’re close.  It’s my job to liaise with Stark Industries, since apparently there’s nothing better for me to do.”
Which is why he’s currently on an elevator descending into the depths of Stark Tower.
“Hey,” he answers with a fairly cursory glance before turning back to his work.
Every instinct in his body is screaming for him to let go.  His limbs feel like they’ve been fired, damaged irreparably beyond the point of any further use, and the display screen swims before his eyes.  Ironically, or maybe just because body hates him, his joints are locked into place, incapable of any further movement and forced to hang on to the very thing that's giving them so much pain.
Tony blinks a couple of times and tilts his head to the side.”  “No, I mean you’re actually here?  “I’m asking.  I just got off a twelve-hour flight and I’m pretty sure I have jetlag.”
Steve can tell the exact moment when Tony finally gets it.  His eyes, which had previously been scrunched up in confusion, grow to the size of saucers, and his entire body gives a notable jerk.  Steve is somewhat put off by Tony’s surprise, given that they’ve sort of been flirting for months.  Sure, they’ve never talked about it before, but it’s not as if any of this is coming out of left field.  Tony, though, doesn’t seem to have gotten that memo, because he’s acting as if Steve’s just randomly broken into tap number or something equally bizarre.  When he finally gets around to speaking again, his voice is alarmingly faint.
They’re twenty minutes into their movie when Natasha breaks the silence.
Tony had finally called it quits around midnight after his latest calculations fell through.  (He blames Stalker for that.  How was he supposed to think with that much muscle practically
, he’s come this far, he might as well spit it all out.  If anyone can understand, it’s Steve.
He knew this was going to be a challenging project. It’s somewhat difficult to look to scientific precedence when you’re literally breaking the rules of physics.  Arc reactor technology is somewhat of a scientific breakthrough in and of itself; miniaturized arc reactor technology is a feat of brilliance, particularly considered that he theorized said discovery in a cave while hooked up to a car battery – amazing what you can do with the proper motivation.  Modified miniaturized arc reactor technology is a goddamn nightmare.
Subject: Still alive
It takes him a moment to connect the deeper, slightly automated voice with Tony’s usual drawl.  When he finally gets to the content from what Tony’s just said, he glances at the armor in confusion.  Has Tony added handholds or something?
“And you listen to everything that goes on down here?”  He’s still trying to pretend that freak him out.  Might as well use it to his advantage though.
He does pause at that. “Really?” That’s news to him, but he’s not exactly against the idea.
Tony laughs.  “This better not become a thing.  One more damn alien tries to cock-block me, and I swear to God – ”
“I’m trying,” he insists.  “Missing out on over twenty years of culture makes that a bit difficult.”  It’s more like seventy years, but Tony doesn’t need to know that.  The principle stands.
“For the past half hour or so, Sir.  By my estimate, Mr. Stark should conclude his current welding task in approximately eighteen minutes.”
“Hey babe,” he snarks, deliberately keeping his voice light.  “How’s it going?”
“…insufferable!” he bursts out, finally letting go of everything that’s been bothering him for the past two days.  “We have a five minute meeting, which he’s an hour and half late to, by the way, and he spends the entire time talking about how SHIELD can’t be trusted and he doesn’t want to give Fury extra ammunition!  Not to mention the fact that he completely brushed off everything I had to say and walked out of the room without giving me a chance to respond.”
Natasha’s bullets clatter harmlessly to the ground, stopping suddenly just as his shield did, but arrow somehow manages to break through, and hits the creature in the middle of the chest.
“A different world,” Steve says softly.  “I like that.”
Whether he finds what he needs or not, Steve will never know.  The other man starts speaking a moment later.  “Nothing,” Tony answers.
, and quite frankly, he has no idea how to handle that.
“Is it of this realm?” Thor inquires.  Steve obviously doesn’t know what answer would be worse.
“... but he doesn’t know that I’m Iron Man.  Or that I know he’s Captain America.”
Truth is, everything’s different when it’s coming from Steve. He’s smart and he’s gorgeous and he has this really dry sense of humor that bounces really nicely off of his own.  Not to mention the fact that he’s one of very few people that seem to
“Mr. Stark!” he yells, desperate to find the man he knows is in here somewhere. He still can’t see anything as he approaches the smoke.  When he doesn’t hear a response, he immediately begins surveilling the room.  He doesn’t think there’s another entrance, but maybe someone could have made it in through the air vents...
It’s an out, and it would be so, so easy to take it.  She doesn’t.
“Tony, what’s going on?”
Steve can only think of one person who could possibly mean to send him that message, and he’s currently buried in the depths of a Manhattan skyscraper.  Steve slides his finger across the screen to unlock his phone and begins to compose his very first text.
Steve racks his brain, not only for alternative solutions, but for ways in which the might be able to introduce water into the scenario.  They’re outdoors, so a sprinkler system’s out of the question.  Fire hydrants are street-level, and there’s hardly a convenient lake nearby…”  He stops, turning to Tony swiftly.  “The East River’s less than a mile away.”
Aside from that, he’s got Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, and several thousand employees that he’s responsible for, who might not appreciate it if Knock Off Terrorist #5 comes chasing after their boss.  Decisions have consequences – Lord knows Gulmira pounded that into his brain – and he has no right to endanger the people under his care.  No, he’s enough of a soft target as it is without parading around in flashy red and yellow armor, no matter how attractive that armor is.  Instead, he gets to lie low and send his “bodyguard” off to fight crime with the rest of the cool kids.
She’s nearly screaming by the end, and he feels compelled to match her tone. “I wasn’t jealous of Iron Man! I was jealous of you. Natasha you."
“Because aside from being a brilliant man, Stark’s also a pain in the ass.”
“Yeah, well not all of us have gorgeous woman living upstairs.”
Steve gets the feeling there’s something Tony’s not telling him, but at this point, they’re running out of options.  “Okay, so you just need to grab him?”
The image results are almost worse than the videos.
Pepper levels him with her best glare and cocks one perfectly sculpted eyebrow.  “Kick.  His.  Ass,” she repeats, emphasizing each syllable.
Stark is not humble in victory.  At all.
And honestly, how does he answer that question? It's not exactly as if he has a choice. At the end of the day, no matter how hard he attempts to bury his hand in the sand, Natasha will still be Iron Man.  Always has been, apparently. But that's obviously not the question she's asking. She’s asking him to merge two identities that he's held very distinctly from one another for some time now and accept the sum of their parts, to treat Natasha Stark as his brother in arms and to acknowledge Iron Man as the woman who’s founded and funded them, who he really didn't care for all that much, but has come to realize he truly didn’t know at all.
