“Tell me about it.” Steve groaned, staring down into big, shining eyes and a gummy smile that promised mischief as soon as she had full control over her limbs. Never mind Thanos, never mind super villains, looking after Lily was going to be their greatest battle!
Wanda was cold but she was elated. Since entering Stark’s mind at the base she had been able to continue to torment him no matter the distance they were. It seemed the nightmares she had already planted in his brain were continued to haunt him so it took her very little effort to get into his mind through them and increase his torment.
“Uh huh, I wanna see fishes here.” Zach declared bouncing in excitement.
“Avengers business?” Bruce asked setting his tea cup on the table and muting the TV.
“Provided we are granted the respect we deserve.” Thor mused.
It wasn’t until his legs gave out beneath him and he began his descent to the ground that his body registered the pain.
“It’ll be hard to do that as a fugitive.” The War Machine armour said which served to wipe the smile from Steve’s face.
“I never got the chance to learn.” Steve said, “Before the serum no one wanted to dance with a scrawny twig they were likely to break and then afterwards Peggy was going to teach me, but then the ice happened and well…” He gestured as if to say here I am.
Eighteen hours earlier.
Taking a deep breath he cleared his throat and began.
Tony stretched languidly and felt his spine pop and some remaining tension ease out of it. Rolling onto his front he lay over Steve’s chest and grinned up at the sleepy and sex sated super-soldier.
Zach giggled into Tony’s side and slowly lifted his head to look up at Tony, “I need you to keep an eye on those three menaces and stop this evil AI scheme from becoming a reality.”
There was so much goodness it was hard to choose.
“What do you want to do?” Pepper asked when Tony had her go out and buy a dozen home pregnancy tests to confirm this, when every one of the plastic bastards came back positive he collapsed on his sofa and stared at the ceiling which still needed repairing from where he’d dropped through it.
Natasha smirked at him, “You’ve revealed plenty already. Hydra took Stark, they’ve likely been planning to try and take him prisoner for some time because he is a genius that they could use, but unlike the Ten Rings, they are not entirely stupid. They know that if Tony Stark disappears then the world will tear itself apart looking for him. They need someone, something to take his place, hence you.” She gestured to the Skrull, “How am I doing so far?”
“Really, and I could have sworn you were nearing eighty!”
Concern spread over Rhodey’s face again, “Tony, what is going on?” He asked, “Why are you saying this?”
Before any one could speak again, Steve turned on his heel and marched out of the room, following in Tony’s wake, leaving the stunned and insulted Avengers staring after him.
Tony was clearly beyond exhaustion, was only staying on his feet through sheer defiant will at this point, he needed rest, he needed taking care of.
Peter tripped over a gap in the pavement and stumbled, coming to a stop and panted, resting his hands on his knees, “Seriously?” He asked when he’d gotten his breath back.
Portugal
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Pietro asked as they headed for the port, “We saw on the news that Stark is crippled.”
“This place is funky, they have like nothing on the website on what it is they are actually doing in there.” Ned reported into Peter’s ear.
“No.” Tony said flatly, “Not yet, not until we have a lot more information to go on.”
“I’ll go to a chemist.” Steve said blushing a little. Condoms might now be readily available and not hidden away behind the counter and sold with hushed whispers to the proprietor, but that didn’t make buying them any less embarrassing.
He’d yet to lose his parents to a car accident because Howard had been driving pissed out of his skull.
“It nearly did.” Tony shot back,
*****
“The Doctor is an alien.” Peter explained, “He’s a time lord of Galifrey, he has a machine called the Tardis which travels anywhere in time and space. He regenerates his body when he dies and becomes someone else, this is the Eleventh Doctor. Amy and Rory are human and they travel with him, he always has human companions that he meets and takes them on adventures through time and space. River Song is an enigma, she’s a time traveller and knows the Doctor from the future, they keep meeting in the wrong order. She first appeared in two episodes of season four, with the Tenth Doctor and she died saving him and a lot of other people.”
Pushing himself up on the bed Tony gave Steve his most seductive smirk as the Alpha came in from the bathroom. “Been a while huh?” He said in a husky tone, “I’ve missed you so much.”
“They are adorable.” Steve laughed, “Especially little Zach, how do you keep from melting with those eyes?”
“No one asked you to look.” He whispered back.
“Head for the holocaust museum, we can try and lose these assholes in the crowds.” Natasha said her voice hoarse as she panted. Steve nodded once in agreement and looked back over his shoulder to see how close the hydra agents were, in doing so he saw Tony falling behind as he struggled to keep up with the two of them.
Every night since her Brother’s death Wanda had been reached out with her powers and invading Tony’s mind, plucking his darkest fears out of his subconscious and bringing them to the surface, making them haunt his sleep so that every dream was a nightmare.
“I can’t blame them for being angry at me, can I?” he recalled his Tony saying, when some dickhead had decided to get mouthy when they had been out getting a burger. The jackass had been half pissed and stunk of beer and sweat, ignored the servers pleas for him to just leave the establishment, having refused him service since he didn’t have enough money on him to pay, and he’d started spitting out abuse, to which both Tony and Steve had told him to shut up, had risen to escort him off the premise before he stopped being a loud mouth and turned to violence, and upon seeing Tony Stark he had let loose a stream of abuse about Tony being a Mass Murderer, how he responsible for all the destruction that had happened, how Iron Man was just another way for him to cause devastation and that he didn’t deserve the title of Hero.
“He has fled Novi Grad, possibly left Sokovia altogether.” Jarvis said, “Traffic and security cameras were limited in the city and even more sparse outside of the capitol. It was possible to track him as far as the city limits, after that I am afraid he was lost.”
“Fuck the Starks, they’re all evil and deserve to die!” Wanda sneered. Balking as Steve rounded on her.
His Brooklyn apartment could have fit inside the floor Tony was giving him four times over and still had room to spare.
*****
“Jasper Sitwell, there was several inconsistencies regarding him, and Brock Rumlow.” Fury added, “There are more of course, but these seem to be the main contenders.”
With the suit on he was able to make short work of the thugs and the reinforcements that came running at the noise, once he was done with them, allowing one to escape since he threw down his gun and admitted that he hated working for such weird people, Tony got Natasha and Clint out of their bindings and the two helped themselves to the guns that were laying on the ground.
“Great.” Steve replied, “Fury called while we were on our way back, he wants me and Tony to go to DC.”
“Spoil sport.” Clint teased, a knowing smirk on his face when Tony opted to remain standing rather than taking a seat and Steve seemed to be walking rather stiffly and had his shirt untucked, so it was serving to cover his crotch.
Happy waved his hand, “None taken Captain, I’ll drive you over to Brooklyn, anywhere you need to go Thor, Dr Banner?”
“Indeed, as per Sir’s emergency protocols the ULTRON Project was initiated.” Jarvis said, he hovered up slightly higher then got onto leg hooked through the window followed by the other and slide his upper half through and landed on the floor.
“Who else?” Natasha asked.
“Save it.” The detective said, “You can tell us everything at the station.”
“Spiderman.” Peter said his cheeks flushing, “Its Spiderman.”
“I can’t.” Tony protested, “I have work and…I just told you,”
“I agree with the Son of Stark.” Thor declared, “The brown sludge is no replacement for the warm flat cakes, and nothing is greater than the tarts that pop.”
“Honey.” Steve greeted getting to his feet and going to kiss Tony.
These were not normal circumstances.
“Alright we need to get him to the jet.” He said, “Steve get Natasha to set up an IV with blood and saline, have it ready to go as soon as we arrive. Have Sam plot a course to the nearest hospital capable of dealing with a major gunshot injury.”
“Alright.” He said, “I’ll tell you everything I know. But only once I’m safe.”
“Should we contact Fury?” Clint asked, covering his mouth with his arm and sleeve, coughing at the smoke billowing out of the wreckage.
As the phone cut off Ross dialled another number, this time calling Senator Stern, “Don’t let the judges sign the warrant for another twelve hours or have any agreements made on immunity. Norman needs time to get away.”
“WHAT?”
“Yeah, big man in a suit of armour, take that off and what are you?” Steve sneered at him, looming over him.
“Useless.”
Shock was the first reaction from the Avengers team, upon seeing the alternate reality Steven Rogers, standing besides Tony, with baby Lily in her new pram, dressed in a new baby grow, and gazing around at the new building with large, curious eyes.
“Thanos,” Vision said, frowning at her. “It seems that there are many parallels between our world and the one Captain Rogers comes from,”
“Okay Son, what’s your name?” Steve asked.
“Don’t you walk away from me Stark, we’re not done yet!” he barked into the Billionaire’s face, “I know you’re arrogant enough to think that everyone should bow to your whim, but I am not one of you minions who’s awe struck enough to think that you can walk on water. You will show me some damn respect and look at me when I am talking to you!”
My spine was severed between L1 and L2, the L2 vertebrae being shattered by the bullet’s impact causing me paralysis from the waist down.”
“Uh huh. Data processors and storage, some of them decades old, some… new.” Tony made his way to what looked to be the newest section where a computer was set up and he began to type on the keyboard. “What’s going on down here, Shield wouldn’t need something like this for Data storage, they could set that up anywhere and scrap all of this.”
The boy ignored him as he continued to examine the suit, surprising Tony by suggesting retro-reflective panelling so stealth mode and hello, not only cool but a really good idea, he had to look into that.
“Yeah because having their customers cutting off each others body parts would be great for business.” Sam said as he swept the occupants of a tower watch out, depositing them on the ground.
“I always liked Andrew.” Steve said, “And Hannah for a girl.” He smiled down at Tony, “What about you?”
Minutes, so many minutes had passed since Tony had gone under the water. Steve was all to well aware that it would only take three for Tony to die. That the lack of air would force him to take a breath and that when he did, when he couldn’t resist the urge to breathe for any longer, he would drown.
“And you can write an apology to Mr Stark for all the trouble you have caused.” Mr Leeds added.
Once they’d gone Steve sat down on the side of the bed and took Tony’s hands, “It will be okay.” He said seriously, “And I am not going anywhere, nothing you say will make me change my mind.”
“The Compound is several acres of land is it not?”
“No, it’s a random child I decided to kidnap, what do you think?” She snapped at him, shoving him aside so she could get into the car and get Zach Stark buckled into the middle seat.
“Get him on a gurney.” The Doctor ordered, “Take him to my lab. I’ll patch him up and then…then we’ll see what we’re dealing with.”
“Don’t you have any manners?” Steve chided him nudging Tony’s calf to get to put his legs down and get his trainers off the table.
“Are you two alright?” He asked looking them over, he winced when he saw the makeshift splint on Tony’s arm.
“Let me look into this first.” Pepper said not wanting anyone to get their hopes up only to have them dashed.
“Yeah I’ve got Rug rat duty all covered.” Rhodey said bouncing Zach on his hip, “What do you, little man, wanna play Time Lords while Pete and Thor are playing video games?”
Steve startled and turned to see Peter’s grinning face, the pre-teen had gone and got himself some fresh cookies and he held out the bag to Steve to take one.
“You… you’re not real.” He said to Steve, his voice broken and choked,
Steve flushed a little and some how managed to pull off an adorable ‘Oh shucks’ look despite being in his late thirties.
Bile rose in his throat and Tony tried to get out of bed to run to the bathroom, but his movement only resulted in a painful spasm shooting through his back and his upper body lurching uselessly to the side while his lower body remained limp on the bed.
Once they were in Fury’s office however, and the door was shut, Fury switched on a small device that looked like an IPlayer.
Tony hesitated, he’d not been swimming in years, but he didn’t want to keep missing out on things like this, he wanted to go swimming with his boys, with his fiancé… taking a deep breath he nodded, “Just let me get my trunks on.” He said retreating back up to the tent.
“While you are playing bar tender you can get me a vodka.” Natasha ordered him, getting a salute from Clint in return. “So,” She said looked back at the others, especially at Tony, “Were you ever going to tell Shield?”
Stunned and confused Tony looked up from where he landed and saw to his horror and amazement Zach stepping out of the armour his skin ablaze with amber and fists aflame.
“Liar.”
“Affirmative.”
Zach nodded eagerly and snuggled closer to Tony, “What was my real Daddy like?” he asked,
Tony sighed and rested his head on Steve’s chest, “When did it happen?” He asked.
“Then you can prove it by going to bed and quietly looking at your picture book while I clean up and your Mamma goes and takes a shower.” Steve gently said, then leaned forward to whisper conspiratorially to Zach, “There might even be a sneaky double chocolate chip cookie in it for you later.”
“Oh I love this brat!” The first man laughed, getting into the front passenger seat, “He’s got spunk!”
“Uh, I said I’m gonna kill you second.” Tony replied, “Gonna kill him first.” He pointed to the thug besides him.
“Come on baby, talk to me.” The Captain said, taking Tony’s hand and giving it a squeeze, “Jarvis said you got sick in the night.”
Curien nodded furiously, “And that is nothing compared to what I will do to you.” Steve growled, “The Nazi’s had some horrific practises and I saw all of them, I’d be more than happy to carry some out on you.”
As soon as the doors were shut, the driver of the car put her foot down and they sped off leaving the Hydra agents in the dust.
“Because you’re an idiot.” Natasha replied with a sniff, “And Cap is clearly more interested in seeing me sun bathing topless!”
“I would have preferred later.” Tony grumbled, then thought better of it and looked worriedly to Steve, “I just wanted us to have some privacy for a while.”
Bruce chuckled, “I may not be an expert on dating but I can tell when two people like each other and you and Tony have been making eyes at each other for weeks. The two of you should go out together, on a date.”
However she knew that if she did so his suffering would be over too fast and she wanted it to last, she wanted him to be completely broken before she put him out of his misery, although, if there was a God, then Stark’s misery would become eternal as he would be destined for hell.
“You are now out of the will!” Tony said pointing at him, “You are cut off, traitor!”
But who was Bucky and why did the Captain seem to think Bucky was him?
“Not quite.” Tony corrected, “Look closer. The Loki one is a perfect copy of you right now, everything, even the injuries you were carrying. It was a complete match. But look at Sceptre Steve, or rather look between his eyebrows, the corners of his mouth, his forehead.”
Prague
*****
Dropping down from the rooftops into the alley had scared the shit out of the drug dealers, who’d run in fear of getting caught and going to prison, their customer running in the other direction to them.
Steve nodded and looked to Bucky with a welcoming smile, holding out his hand for Bucky to shake, “I know I’m not the Steve Rogers you grew up with, but I did know your counter-part very well and I am pleased to meet you, Sergeant Barnes.”
“Tony, please.” Steve groaned and Tony could imagine the flush on the Captain’s cheeks.
“You think it’s happened before?” He asked.
Had Rogers not acted as he had, not said that Howard should have brutalized Tony, then perhaps people would have forgiven him for agreeing with Victorian-esque punishments due to his upbringing, and they may have even been forgiving for his views on sexuality, in his day it had been illegal. But he had been in the twenty-first century long enough to have learned better, or at least known to keep such views to himself and not condemn others for their beliefs.
“Popcorn, pizza, doritos, salsa, ice cream, and fizzy drinks, all present and accounted for.” Tony listed looking at the abundance of junk food that had been amassed.
“Then I’ve had more than enough time to rest haven’t I?” Tony said, he clapped his hands together, “Chop chop people, get everything prepared, its time to feed the masses with information.”
“Sergeant Sam Wilson, 58th Para-rescue, former.” Sam said, “Did two tours, now I’m working down at the VA.”
“Will we stay with Uncle Happy and Aunt Pepper while you’re in DC?” Peter asked.
“Storage banks?” Tony said as he frowned at the lay out, “Miles of Computer data storage.”
“Tony Stark has a heart condition and has to show some caution in what physical activities he engages in. However, it does not mean he doesn’t give it his all.”
Tony landed with a thump and retracted the face plate. Rogers blanched as he saw Tony’s expression. Never had Tony Stark looked angrier. Were it possible he would have steam coming from his ears he looked so furious, his entire was shaking with rage and his eyes were so dark they looked nearly black.
Peter choked on another sob then buried his face into Tony’s chest and clung to him tightly, “I love you Mamma.” He cried, his body shaking with the force of his sobs, “I don’t want to be bad, I don’t, I want you to be proud of me.”
With his suit still compromised and the fact he was sporting several fractures, Tony wasn’t going to be fighting, his job was to disable the engines and get the hell out, leaving Steve and Sam to handle any Hydra assholes that got in their way.
“Bite me Capsicle.” Tony shot back, wriggling around and turning his back on Steve and resolutely ignoring the chuckle that echoed in his ears as he closed his eyes allowing himself to sleep.
“And we’ll be home watching Dr Who with Zach and Peter before you know it.” This actually startled a laugh out of Tony, following by him coughing again. “It can’t be easy,” Steve said, “Raising two Pups alone, and not many people would have taken on another child when their own was so young and they were raising them single handed.”
“Swings Daddy!” She cried tugging on Tony’s hand, to hurry him to the swings,
Harry, Norman's obnoxious brat was boasting, his best friend Flash, and really, who names their kid the uphermisim for indecent exposure? was right by his side as always and making snide remarks back at Peter as he always did. Flash liked to try and bully Peter. Emphasis on try because as much of a geek as Peter was, his family were the Avengers and it wasn't just Zach who was being taught self defense. Also there were only so many times you could be told that "Stark only adopted you out of pity" before it became white noise.
“Those drugs increase the possibility!” Pepper hissed at him. She paused and ran a hand through her hair, taking a breath to calm herself down, “You need to tell Steve what’s going on, he has a right to know.”
“Babe, is everything okay?” Tony asked approaching him warily.
“Well at least they are gone now.” Steve offered, frowning at Thor’s less than enthusiastic attitude. The God was not his normal excitable self, he was far more grave and seemingly grieved.
Steve laughed lightly, “You don’t want more then?” Tony cocked his head at him, “Children I mean.”
“I really don’t know how to thank you for this.” Tony said, sincerely grateful.
“Quite.” Pepper said, “But for the most part people are curious about you all. They have been given some information, but they are hungering for more. While you all have the right to remain private, that does run the risk of having false stories created which you would find hard to dispel as so little else would be known about you. Also a refusal to participate in meeting your public runs the risk of offending them as it could be seen as if you think yourselves as better than them.”
“That’s not how it goes,” Tony moaned, dropping his head into his hands, “Everyone loves Rogers, its always me they hate, and they always will.”
“Alright then.” Tony said opening his arms, he grinned when Peter flew into them hugging him tight.
“Steve.”
“Not a munchkin, you’re a hobbit, a scientifically snobbish hobbit.”
When they came to the hospital to see Peter, MJ and Ned told Tony that Harry was being kept home from school to avoid the attention from the media and the other students. They both tried to apologize profusely for not realizing Peter had been missing until it was too late. Tony and Steve both assured them that this was not their fault and that they shouldn't blame themselves since it was the last thing Peter would have wanted.
The smell of food soon had the rest of the team up from their beds and heading into the kitchen to get their pancakes, coffee, tea, juice, and hot chocolate.
“Don’t make me go.” Zach whined, “I don’t want to leave you.”
They could not go to the hospital as Steve and Tony, nor as Captain America and Iron Man, they would be noticed right away and any chance of doing this without the police and the rest of the world knowing would be lost.
Snickering and choking on laughter Tony twisted his head to look at Steve, his eye bright with mirth, "We stand ready to repel all assaults." He said his voice wobbling with laughter, "We stand firm and shall be very hard to best!" he broke down into laughter which became gasps as Steve's other hand left his wrists and closed about his cock.
“Oh God.” Tony ducked his head towards his chest and sobbed as one by one, the dead Avengers approached him, Clint staggering over, his armless body swaying from side to side as his corpse struggled to find balance, his eye sockets gaping and leaking blood down his ashen face.
Steve chuckled at that and debated whether or not he should go and assist the billionaire. “Is Lily awake yet?” He asked FRIDAY.
“Asshole.” Steve cursed.
If anyone here was a Villain, it was Tony Stark. He should be the one on the run, not they. He should be made to pay for his crimes. Not an innocent child like Wanda, or an abused prisoner of War like Bucky.
“And make sure to get lots of sun-screen.” Tony added, “And after-sun for anyone who does get burnt.”
Tony wanted to say yes, he really did, but the truth was he didn’t know how to do that, and admitted as much to Steve.
Meanwhile, Natasha went back up the rocks a little way and performed a perfect dive off one of them, surfacing and urging the others to hurry up.
“Mamma?” Zach asked tearing a hole in Tony’s heart.
There was no one for Steve to turn to, no one he could ask for help, and these two little boys, Tony’s boys, they were relying on him to be the adult now, to know what to do and how to get through this.
“Dear God, you’d think a tornado swept through here.” Tony groaned, looking over the mess, “They always said kids give you grey hair and its fucking true.”
“No, are you insane?” Tony yelped, “I just got thrown out of a window once I don’t want to go through it again, especially without my suit.”
Tony was seething with rage as he landed before the doors of the Oscorp factory, he didn’t care who got hurt, didn’t care if people died, he was getting his Son back and damn anyone who dared try and stop him.
Bracing his hands on the rocks Steve lifted himself out of the sea and followed after them, his heart skipping a beat as he saw Bruce taking Tony’s pulse. The Doctor nodded and with Sam he moved Tony onto his side and began to rub at Tony’s back.
After relieving himself, he pulled on his boxer shorts and made his way to the kitchen, coughing a little as he was greeted by a cloud of smoke.
“What..?” Tony glanced down at his chest and was shocked to find a hollow wound when his heart should be. The empty space sat open and gaping in his chest but oddly enough no blood was flowing from the wound and he was not struggling to live without his heart.
“And it doesn’t matter, right?”
Sam, Tony, and Thor flew ahead of the others once they reached Sokovia, getting an arial view of the base from high enough that they were not noticed by Struckers troops.
Tony took the file after a moment and rose an eyebrow, “I thought I didn’t make the cut. Didn’t Agent Sociopath said I was volatile, self-involved, and didn’t play well with others?”
Rumlow grit his teeth and growled under his breath.
Peter nodded and glanced to the weights they hadn’t yet added to the bar yet, “Gimme a try?”
Tony grit his teeth, he hadn’t wanted to share this information with Steve, with anyone. He knew what they’d say, that he needed therapy, that his PTSD was catching up with him, that it was only to be expected after what he’d been through.
“Thank you FRIDAY.” Steve said, getting up off the couch, he pulled Tony into a hug, “Will you be okay for a few minutes?” he asked, not really wanting to leave Tony alone.
Grunting, Tony opened his eyes and tried to sit up only to find he couldn’t.
Steve winced, he could recall vomiting like that when he’d been sick as a kid, not able to reach the privy in time and ended up being sick on the floor. He’d felt humiliated back then, when he’d been a teenager, felt pathetic for being too weak to reach a toilet or sink before he lost his stomach. For Tony, as a grown man it must be even worse.
“Bastard.” Steve growled snapping off the TV before he did break it. Damn Ross and his condescending bullshit, the bastard had better hope he didn’t run into Steve anytime soon or he'd be suffering his own “Fall” and Steve would be hard pressed to ever let him get back up.
“There is no record of Captain America ever defecting to Hydra before his time in the ice and certainly nothing since then.” A woman said to them, “Somehow he came upon the information of your true allegiances.”
They kept the pace gentle so everyone could enjoy the surrounds and not get too hot or tired right away.
“You’ll have to thank Jonny when we get home.” Steve teased, then turned serious, “The doctors want to keep you here for a while longer, a few weeks so your back heals, or the bones fuse or something,” He rubbed the back of his neck not looking entirely certain of the correct terminology, “Once they say you can be released we’ll get you home and…”
*****
“You blasted a demi God while playing terrible music.” Steve teased leaning forward and kissing Tony’s cheek, he gently wiped away the few stray tears that rolled down Tony’s cheeks and smiled at him, “We’re gonna get through this.” He assured him, “You will walk with the braces that you are gonna make, I know you will, and you’ll walk down the isle with Rhodey and he’ll give you away, then we’ll walk back down the isle together, married, Alpha and Omega, and we’ll dance the first dance and then all the dances until we fall into bed together exhausted and get some sleep before our honeymoon.”
“Right, so no talk about demented lunatics wearing hockey masks, or mutated piranha, or giant crocodiles?” Peter asked with a grin,
“I’m not leaving you…”
“No, they gave me more!” Trevor happily declared. “They gave me things, they gave me this palace, plastic surgery, they gave me things.” He lay back in his chair, his eyes closed. A moment passed, then another, and another.
“Will you be a Superhero now Petey?” Zach asked him, “If so what will be your name?”
“Mind if I tag along?” Clint asked, “I’m not sure I’m ready to head back to Shield just yet.”
“I’m really not.” Steve chuckled, “No one is. We all have flaws. But when we love someone we love them so much that we overlook the flaws and maybe love them because of their flaws, as they make us feel more secure with our own.”
“Just go to your room now.” He said in a deceptively calm tone, “I’ll be in to speak to you later.”
Tony looked half-heartedly a dozens of options, from the tradition green and white, to more modern styles, the very demure and the flamboyant, but nothing really caught his eye, nor was in remotely in the mood to try anything on.
“Kind of defeats the purpose if I’m hiding, dumbass.” MJ texted back.
“Stark?” Natasha didn’t bother to hide her snort, “You know what he’s like when it comes to being responsible Sir, and I’m afraid Rogers is unhappy with how Shield handled the invasion.”
“No and eeewww!”
Tony burst out laughing at Steve’s double entendre. Rogers never engaged in flirtatious banter like this, nor stood so close to him and gazed at him with relaxed ease. Rogers was always stiff when he was around Tony (No pun intended) where everything with this Steve was different to how it was with Rogers, easier and far more relaxed. It was wonderfully refreshing.
“Okay now, can you stand?” Sam asked him. Mutely Steve nodded, letting Sam help him to his feet, he was proud of himself that he didn’t wobble when he was upon them, but felt terrible when he saw Zach sobbing in Tony’s arms.
A baby, he and Tony were having a baby and he’d abandoned them both, practically gift wrapped them for Hydra.
Steve, being a polite guest, unlike Tony who was working his way through Sam’s coffee supplies and wouldn’t really begin to function until he’d down an entire pot of it; got the bagels sliced and warmed under the grill, and set up the butter, cream cheese, thin sliced honey roast ham, and a couple of spreads from Sam’s cupboards on the table, so that by the time Sam came back from showering and getting changed, breakfast was ready.
He naturally wasted no time in embarrassing Peter as only a parent can with teasing and lamenting how fast his precious little cinnamon roll had grown up!
The attack started with Bruce crash landing in the Sanctum as Wong and Stephen were about to step out for some lunch. He told them of Thanos and Strange immediately went to alert Tony, finding him in Central Park with Steve and Lily.
“Watch it brat or you’ll be dunked next.”
“Mamma?” He asked sleepily.
Peter and Ned followed her gaze, and both groaned upon seeing Harry Osborn heading their way along with Flash.
“Ratings like that we don’t need Tony.”
“Hopefully he won’t take after me completely.” He murmured, at Steve’s frown he shrugged as much as he could, “I wasn’t always great, Cap, I did some stupid stuff, used drugs, drank way too much, turned a blind eye to my company and it cost thousands if not millions of lives.”
This got a few laughs from the reporters, “And Zach has already challenged me to a race once I’m good in the chair, he plans on wear roller skates so we’ll be terrorizing the halls of Stark Tower soon.”
“Stop attacking me with that weapon then!”
“Yeah, but imagine a little mini Captain America running around.” Tony said, grinning as he pictured a tiny version of Steve, all golden hair flopping every which way, bright rosy cheeks, sparkling blue eyes and a winning smile.
“I know honey, I’m so sorry. I’ll be with you as soon as I can, just…just breathe, deep breathing, Clint says you mustn’t push until you are ten centimetres dilated.”
“Tony.” For once Steve wasn’t playing along and allowing Tony to use pointless ranting to get out of talking, they needed to have this discussion and the longer they left it the harder it would get.
Thor had a tendency to get carried away when he was retelling his past battles and his team mates bodies were often used as props during his epic tails.
“I will be.” Tony said, running his good hand through his hair. “Stane, all this shit was because of him. That bastard is sill fucking up my life even from beyond the grave. He fucked over Maya, and because I was drugged up to my eyeballs because I was dealing with his shit, I fucked over Killian and it all led to this.” Intellectually Tony knew that Killian’s madness was not his fault, he should have known better than to take the word of drunken and drugged man, but having come so close to losing his Sons and his best friend to this vengeance, Tony would not be letting go of the guilt anytime soon.
Steve laughed and pulled Tony in closer for kiss that lingered, “What about you?” He asked, “Will you got for the traditional white and green?”
*****
Steve only left to go back to the tower, shower, change his clothes and pick up fresh clothes for Tony to wear. Tony would then wash himself in the sink in the bathroom, change his clothes and then hurry back to the Peter's side.
The asset shifted his gaze, looked at the photos of his targets. Stark, a dark haired Omega, threat level six according to Hydra, they had considered bringing him in and using him several times, but the Omega had proven too volatile after he’d escaped captivity at the hands of some terrorists, so now he was just to be eliminated on sight.
“It is very good to see you are being so positive Mr Stark.” The Moderator said, “But this cannot be easy for you.”
The huge bulging muscles that body builders now sported were never really present in Steve’s time either, or if they were it was only professional athletes who had them, normal people couldn’t afford gyms and there was no such thing as home workout equipment, any muscles built was from doing manual labour on the docks or other physical jobs, and with food being so scarce they all made do with what ever cuts of meat they could get, lean, fatty, tender, or chewy, you ate because if you didn’t you starved.
“Yeah, I’ll need to pick up some After-heat pills too.” Tony said, at Steve’s frown he shrugged, “There is no such thing as too much protection. Besides, you’re, serum enhanced, for all I know your spunk could be super charged and slice through a condom and lay siege to my ovaries!”
“Oh that is like a freaking possession movie.” Clint groaned, “Any minute now he’s going to be spewing green slime and saying his mother sucks gumphosh!” The last of the sentence was cut off as Natasha’s elbow implanted in his stomach.
“You suck!” Harley snarked, “Breathe into your bag, you sound like Darth Vadar having an asthma attack!”
“He’d use it for himself, use it to take power for himself.” Tony got off the bed and ran a hand over his face, “Ross wouldn’t put this army to work for the US. He wouldn’t have then peace keeping or routing out terrorist cells. He’d have them invading and conquering.”
“Oh, so he’s not much different to the Deadpool I knew then!” Tony rolled his eyes,
“How much are the plates costing?” Clint asked, his nose wrinkling at the pitifully small portion.
“I am unsure.” Jarvis said sounding rather apologetic. “But he insists that he come home right away.”
“It sucked.”
Just when you think life can’t possibly get any weirder…. Steve found himself standing in a place that made the Shield Helicarrier seem outdated.
“Not quite baby!” Steve panted.
In the centre of the table a holograph lit up showing a map of East Europe.
Tony’s eyes widened and he looked to Steve, “Tell the others.” He said as Steve grabbed his wrist and dragged him to a grate in the floor, the both of them ignoring Zola as they scrambled down beneath the grate, Steve placing the shield over them both, his body laying over the top of Tony.
“I’m okay, be out in a minute.” The rattling on the door stopped and Bucky let out a sigh of relief, quickly he relieved himself and washed his hands, forcing himself not to take the razor even though his hands itched to do so.
“Meh, I’m the King of showing off.” Tony said, “But when it comes to you and your Brother I am over-protective.” He shrugged, “It’s what happens when you become a parent, you can’t bear the thought of your kid getting hurt.”
“You know me?” Natasha asked.
Natasha rose an eyebrow while Clint barked a laugh and shot a thumbs up at the nearest camera, “Nice one J, you may not have an ass but you are certainly badass.”
“S’ee’eve.” Tony whimpered his voice almost inaudible, he tensed again and there was a horrid gargling noise like water trying to get past a blockage in a pipe. “Can’n….can’n feel….”
“Yeah…” Steve mumbled, neither man moved, they stared at each other, unable to tear their eyes away, then as one they moved forward sinking into a deep kiss.
Killian however ignored them as he activated the nodes. The room froze and Tony went rigid in horror as Zach was displayed, strapped to a gurney, his tiny body writhing in pain as something burning hot surged beneath his skin.  Maya gulped and averted her gaze, unable to bear the sight of a child in so much pain.
Loki certainly packed a punch though and Steve was having to use all of the edge the serum had given him until a blast of some horrendous music came out of nowhere with a snarky voice over the Coms saying “Agent Sociopath, did you miss me?” And then a flash of blinding light burst in the sky, knocking Loki on his ass and then the Iron Man was landing on the ground.
Had Maria known what Howard was doing to him? Had she cared at all what her Son was going through? By the time he’d been old enough to remember, Maria had been pretty much lost in a Valium fuelled haze and hadn’t been able to notice anything at all.
Steve bent over one of the work stations and scribbled down a few words before handing the letter to Tony who took photos of both letters and pulled the images up onto a holographic screen, “Run a scan and check it over, J.” He said tapping away on the laptop as Jarvis scanned the letter. Steve stared at the holograph, reaching out to touch the edge of it gingerly as if he expected it to bite or something.
“Oh.” Steve fumbled with his loose sleep shirt which he’d started wearing since the weather had turned cold.
Peter shot him a look of disgust, “You are so manipulative.”
Curien nodded when the consultant paused to show that he understood, “When you were shot the bullet pierced your large intestine.” He went on, “We were able to retrieve the bullet and repair your intestine but you will be using a colostomy bag for the next six months to give the intestine a chance to heal. You will be shown how to change the bag….”
“God, sorry, but you, the murderous, manipulative, sociopath saying that you are not all bad, that is priceless.” Tony tried to swallow down his laughter unsuccessfully, “I mean shit, Natasha, or is it Natalie, or Natalia? Just how many people have you killed, maimed, or just plain fucked over? Do you keep a score, put a notch on a bedpost for every life taken?”
“If you mean resisting the urge to kill you, then yes.” Bucky replied,
For once Tony didn’t have an answer and Steve moved in once again, this time checking with Tony before he placed a lingering kiss on his lips.
Miss Marvel had given her all against him in the first wave, falling, along with Yellow Jacket, Wasp, and Spider Man.
“You’re disgusting.” MJ sneered shoving a napkin at him.
Peter stabbing him to death with Pepper Potts shoes and dissolving his body with acid?
Grumbling under his breath Tony gripped hard onto the banister and began to drag himself up the stairs his knees and hips protested with every step.
“Hi Zach, did you have fun in school today?” Peter asked squashing himself into the middle seat with MJ sitting on his right and Ned claiming the front seat.
“What?” Clint looked like he’d been slapped and handed a present at the same time.
"Tell her not to give him any details." Tony said his voice hoarse, "Just tell him Peter's sick, nothing else."
“I think Sharon hasn’t really dealt with her aunt’s illness. She was very close to her at one time.”
This startled a laugh out of Tony and reached up to wipe stray tears from his cheeks, “I don’t want you to resent me.” He whispered,
“Awesome or not I want you to come down.” Tony said, “I need you to be on the ground, not hanging off walls and ceilings. Its bad for my blood pressure and heart condition.”
“We’ll let him run around on the beach.” Steve said, “That’ll help wear him out.”
“More like a sack of…” Tony held up a finger to Natasha who had a far too smug looking smirk on her face,
“Hydra doesn’t do fair fights.” Steve said his expression dropping, “None of this is fair, not to you, to Bucky, none of it.” Tony stopped examining the wires and reached out, taking Steve’s hand and squeezed it.
“On screen for you now Sir.” Jarvis said.
Also, Thing apparently aggravated Hulk and that never ended well.
“It doesn’t matter who we are. This was double murder. The courts won’t over look that, especially not the murder of the Starks.”
“Are you really going to encrypt the information?” Steve asked as they got into the lift.
“Could you lend us a hand?” Steve asked with a hopeful expression.
Half of America’s social elite were present and the Avengers felt every eye in the room fall on them as they entered the room.
“What?”
“I’ll tweet out that you were scared you were going to grow four new limbs when you first got your spider powers!” Tony threatened. Peter’s eyes widened,
This started another argument with the night staff that Steve took away from Tony and Peter, leaving Tony to soothe Peter and gently get him to lower his hands down from his ears.
By the time they were all done it was dawn and Tony had to be heading back to the Mansion before his Sons woke up.
Steve’s anger carried him on three runs around central park before it had finally fizzled out, leaving him with discomforting hurt over Tony not trusting him.
“Anybody want coffee?” Sam asked, “I’ll hit up the cafeteria.”
From there it was a matter of digitally mapping out the old expo which Jarvis did, revealing a new element, one that hadn’t yet been synthesized. (Yet)
“Sweetheart, its alright, you don’t need to cry.” He said squirming until he was under the bed besides Zach.
“It’s not evil if we share it.” Ned said, “But hey, we could like break into the pentagon and area 51, find the alien experiments and missing minutes from the Watergate…”
They had only a couple of working channels on the box TV they had, and no books to read, so late at night, going to bed was their only option, even if it meant laying in the dark for hours on end bored and restless but not sure of what else they could do.
“I have enough not to let Bird brain draw all over me.”
That could not happen, he would play the innocent dupe act for the media, Stark had done that when Stane’s double dealing had come to light and the world had sympathized for him, well, Norman could do the same, but he had to find Curien and put a muzzle on him, he was the only one who could claim that Norman had known everything that was going on, so Curien had to die.
“Yep, absolutely no other reason.” Tony lied, a grin tugging at his lips as he pretended to be interested in the menu options and not completely focused on the feel of the very hot body and very firm muscles beneath him.
Zach shook his head, “Not going.” He said finally lifting his head from Steve’s chest. He had been clinging to Steve like a limpet, not making any attempt to leave him, but he had been staring at Tony the whole time and now he had seen him he didn’t want to leave him any time soon.
Then came Afghanistan.
“Coulson? No, he was seeing someone though, a cellist.”
“What are they doing?” He asked Steve hoping his voice wasn’t too loud since he couldn’t hear it.
“I swear, every time Dr Dickwad shows up, Reed and his merry band of jackasses are off in some other dimension and we’re the ones who have to deal with whatever clusterfuck Doom has planned.”
“I take it you and your Steve aren’t…,”
“You should put your things away then you wouldn’t misplace them.” Steve gently scolded.
Sam looked taken aback by the request but quickly recovered, “There’s some leftover pizza in the fridge if you want something quick, or there’s bread and various spreads, I’ve also got some ben and jerries in the freezer if you’re in the mood for something sweet.”
“I know.” Tony said, “And it’s over with, we’re moving on.”
“No!” Steve shouted squeezing his hand tight, “Don’t you dare do this!”
The red had left Steve’s cheeks but now it flooded back as the Captain became flustered, “I don’t know about that.” He stammered.
Both had garnered attention themselves, some from some potential cougars and sugar Daddies which was just hilarious, especially when it resulted in both men blushing and stammering excused to get away from the late middle aged, heavily botoxed  men and women tried to flirt with them.
“Conversation!” Steve hurriedly told him, taking his seat and mock glared at Tony, who took the tablet from Peter to look through the feeds himself,
Steve rose from his seat and took Tony’s place on the podium giving the kids an assessing glance before he started to speak. He could easily pick out the bullies from the crowd. They were the ones looking disinterested or were kicking the chair of the person in front of them or were scowling angrily as if they were being named and shamed instead of being allowed to remain anonymous.
“Could we compromise, Stark-Rogers or Rogers-Stark?” Steve asked,
“Keep looking!” Steve bellowed diving back down into the water. Clint, also panting let out a choked sob before he dived again to continue searching the sea.
“Murderer.” Peter hissed, “You killed my uncle and aunt, you killed me.”
“They are.” Steve said, “Intelligent, kind. When he was three, Zach donated his allowance to a cat sanctuary and adopted two kittens because he saw an advert on TV about abandoned cats. We’ve had the pair ever since then, Gingerbread and Espresso. And Peter, having lost two sets of parents in tragic circumstances is so well adjusted, so thoughtful and kind it is a privilege to be around him.”
“You are sure you don’t want us in here with you?” She asked as she rose and began to put her make up away.
Clint snorted coffee out of nose and got a slap upside the head from Natasha for it, the Black Widow raised her chin and crossed the room as imperious as a queen, ignoring the snickering she was getting from her team mates.
Zach giggled, “Dangly bits.” He said bouncing in his stool and looked eagerly at Steve who was cooking breakfast, the all important blueberry pancakes.
Vanko and Justin Hammers attack on Tony Stark.
“M'okay.” Tony murmured, freezing up, he hadn’t had an Alpha holding him like this in… well…ever and he wasn’t really sure how to react to it.
“Smart move, Nicky.” Tony said, taking a seat and slouching like an ill mannered adolescent. Steve sat straight, feeling the need to appear smart before the director. “So, I assume you dragged us down here for a good reason, lets get to it.”
“That’s the fucker that jumped us in the field and shot me.” Clint said, recognising the face as it was brought into focus, “Think he’s the one that shot Tony, or his brain addled sister?”
This came from Steve as he returned from lunch with the boys whom had been taken out in the city for a while to burn some energy by Sam and Clint. Tony was still on liquids only, something he was complaining about every time the slop (As he was calling it) got brought to him and so far no one had been kind enough to liquidize a pizza for him. So as not to torment him, the others had gone for their meals elsewhere, so they wouldn’t be adding to Tony’s dietary woes.
“You have cooked a fine feast friend Hawk.” Thor declared. “Many thanks.”
“Here I go!” Clint yelled and charged into the sea, a blow up tire held in front of him, which he belly flopped on once he was knee deep.
“Tony?” He called out and heard a groan from the billionaire just before a metal fist shattered the windscreen, grabbed it’s metal frame and ripped it out of the car.
“The doctors discovered it while they were patching Stark up after your fight.” The Skrull panted, “Everyone knew you and he were involved, it was easy to guess who had fathered the child.” It grinned a sickly green grin, “Two for the price of one. A bargain. They get Stark’s genius engineering and a second generation super soldier.” It laughed, “And you delivered them both on a platter, Captain.”
“Baby? We’re really having a baby?” Steve asked his eyes as wide as dinner plates.
Peter gagged and tried to spit the tube out, his large eyes staring at Steve and Tony as they continued to speak to him, urging him to lay still and promising him everything was going to be alright. After what seemed like an eternity, the Doctor and nurses arrived, pushing Tony and Steve aside so they could assess Peter and get the tube out of his throat. Peter gagged and coughed as it came away, sucking in lungfuls of air and feeling like he'd swallowed a razor.
Instead he aimed the repulsers at the ground and blasted off into the air, knocking Rogers from his torso, but the bastard wouldn’t let go, he held onto Tony’s boot, yanking him back down, and hit him again across the head with the shield.
“Why, this place is toast Bro, I ain’t throwin’ myself on a sword for Osborn, that sucker can save his own damn self.” Darnel shot back.
*****
“Which doesn’t change the fact that you had no business getting involved.” Her Mother sharply said, “You should never have sent Peter into that building, you should have gone to Mr Stark with your suspicions not tried to take the law into your own hands.”
Steeling herself Pepper stepped up on the podium and drew in a deep breath, “Thank you for coming.” She said to the assembled reporters, journalists, and photographers, “I am sure you all have many questions, and we will get to that, but first let me read out my official statement.”
Tony snorted and made his way to the kitchen to find the flour, eggs, milk, and blueberries to get a start on breakfast. Sending the boys out with Happy would keep them distracted while he dealt with what Shield wanted, hopefully he could be home in time for dinner.
Tears blurred Zach’s eyes as he turned and fled, pushing past Peter and ran for his bedroom, shutting the door and ran to his bed to grab his favourite cuddly toy, before he scrambled under the bed and curled up in a ball, crying into his toy.
Across from Tony, Steve watched as the Billionaire Omega went through his phone, frowning over something and getting that pinched look about his eyes and mouth that he got when he was contemplating something.
“Oh baby, believe me,” Deadpool purred, “You won’t be sexless for very long, now that I am here. In fact, I’m getting really hungry, I think it’s time we made a sandwich, I’ll take a hot Billionaire between two clean sheets and Captain on the side!”
“You shall have to wait and find out Sir. I am sworn to secrecy as it were.”
“Jarvis, Suit.” Tony rasped out. “Jarvis?” Several seconds went before there was a static crackle in Steve’s ear and Jarvis made a garbled response.
His knees protested as the thumped the ground with an audible noise and he grimaced at the feel of warm blood seeping into the trousers of his suit.
The death of Peter Parker Stark’s Aunt and Uncle.
Chuckling lightly Steve settled down and spooned around Tony, as he closed his eyes he imagined himself holding a pregnant Tony in his arms and let the images guide him into sleep.
“I don’t think so, his stomach is just a little upset I think.” The nurse said as she wiping Tony’s face with tissues before pressing the call button for assistance. “How do you feel now, Mr Stark?” She asked, “Do you still feel sick?”
She landed painfully on her side, winded and wincing.
“Oh Pete, why did you do it?” Steve asked running a hand through Peter’s hair.
The Host directed the crew to film the sparring between Steve and Natasha. Steve had the strength, greater body mass, and height. But Natasha was far faster, far more flexible, and far more experienced than he. While Steve held his own and made her work for it, he inevitably ended up face down on the mat with one arm twisted behind his back and Natasha’s foot pressed against the back of his neck.
“Should I leave you two alone?” Tony drawled, while he gave his fingers to Lily to play with, hardly noticing when she put one in her mouth to suck on!
“But Thor is so broken by his Mother’s death, and I know you miss yours.” Tony said.
Idiots.
“What the fu…”
“I think you should ask your Mamma that question, little Man.” He said and set Zach down onto the floor, “Now, shall we go and choose pizza toppings before Peter chooses for us?”
“But you’ve done it.” Steve said, “Be proud of that, of this.”
Patience was not a Stark trait, Steve knew that, Tony didn’t like waiting for things, he was too keen to get things done. Fortunately he was skilled enough when it came to his work that he could do this efficiently, but when it came to people this impatience did affect his ability to associate with people.
“Then no, spoil sport!”
“Hell no. You and Zach and swim when we head back to the beach, but no way are either of you risking your necks diving off the cliff.” Tony said, “And don’t think I won’t tie you both to the trees if you try.”
“I’ll meet you at the station.” Steve said, “I just need to get Lily fed and changed,”
“Fine, just don’t break anything including each other.” Tony looked to Rhodey, “As Happy’s going to taking Cap to Brooklyn, would you mind watching the Midgets?”
“With everything that’s going on right now, having another baby is the last thing we need, the last thing I need, I have to focus on Peter and Zach, not getting pregnant again.”
When they both felt like they could breathe again they broke apart but remained with their hands holding each other.
Prague.
“What?” Peter began to have a strange coughing fit and Clint appeared to be having some kind of strange sinus issue that had him snorting loudly.
“Sergeant Barnes though,” Bruce mused, “They might be able to help there, find him if he is alive.”
Steve guided Tony back into the penthouse, taking him to the kitchen and switching on the kettle, he rummaged through the pretty much bare cupboards until he found some hot chocolate mix and then set about making them both hot chocolate.
"Hmm We stand firm!" Tony gasped moaning and squirming as Steve thrust inside him, "We shall not surrender until the last seed of our courage has been spent!"
“It is pretty funny.” Clint said saluting Sam and Steve with his beer can.
“Can it support the extra weight?” Harley whispered to Peter dubiously, the older boy shrugged.
“Spideyman.” MJ snickered, “It suits you.”
“Yes Ma’am, I am gay.”
Peter pulled at his sleeves continuing to frown, “Do you think there’s an afterlife?” He asked, “Somewhere people go?”
Bath time was always fun. Tony would run a shallow bath and get in the mammoth sized tub with Zach, sitting him on his lap and supported with an arm about his waist, splashing water over him which had Zach kicking his legs and splashing his hands in the water with glee and trying to catch the bubbles. Naturally the bathroom got a thorough drenching every day but seeing his Son’s delight was more important than that.
“Shut up!” Tony snapped as Natasha arrived and rose her eyebrow at the scene.
“On it.” Steve said already on his phone to call the compound,
It was a delight for Steve to play with such healthy boys, the children of his youth had too often been skinny malnourished things, surviving on a slice of bread a day, or a bowl of thin soup, rarely getting to eat a proper meal as their parents couldn’t afford it. Steve could recall the painful hunger that would gripe his belly at times when his Mother just couldn’t afford to feed them properly, she’d do her best, working herself to the bone and often skipping meals herself to see that he ate, but Steve’s frequent need for medical care ate into the little money she did have making harder to provide for him.
Honestly was it too much to ask to be allowed to sleep in the sun for several hours until he burned to a pleasant golden crisp?
“Maybe.” Steve considered, and rolled his eyes as Sam called out that he was starving to death from the living area,
“I never told you to kidnap Stark’s brat and slice him open!” Norman snarled, “What in the hell possessed you to do that?”
“You are so good with him.” Bruce said, a wistful look in his eyes.
“What? Pepper he’s three! Okay he’ll be four in a couple of weeks, but he’s a kid!”
“Twice a day.” Tony said, “Once in the morning after you’ve had breakfast and then once in the evening before you go to bed, and in a few more weeks I’ll be home with you.”
“We can make sure the place is really nice and plan a welcome home party.” Peter added,
The Ferris wheel of coney Island.
“Mamma, Zach wants to take the Tardis to the beach and won’t believe me when I say he can’t.” Peter yelled interrupting the argument between Tony and Jarvis. Groaning Tony headed for Zach’s bedroom to explain why Zach couldn’t take his beloved Tardis, and then why they couldn’t take Gingerbread and Espresso, who would be fed by an automated system ran by Jarvis, their litter trays emptied the same way, and they would be visited each day by Pepper so they wouldn’t get lonely.
“So like if they are crap at math but good at English you’d focus and teaching them English.” Peter said.
If that was not bad enough, the culprits, namely Zach and Peter, had decided to give the sand the shape of a mermaid, complete with a long flowing tail and breasts that would have put Jordan to shame.
“Why isn’t it?” Zach asked moving to sit in Tony’s lap and cuddled up to him.
Somehow Deadpool managed to say all of this in only one breath!
“Are you kidding, that boy would rock in anything!”
Tony tried to argue for several more minutes but eventually gave in and agreed to Steve being with him. He then began to help Bruce set up the monitors while Steve and Jarvis got a bed ready for Tony to sleep in that night and every night until they got a reading of the nightmares.
Ugh BORING!
“We brave, generous Stellina.” Tony praised, very proud and quite moved by Zach’s generosity.
“Tarts that pop?” The host asked curiously.
"You are so brave Peter, so strong." Tony breathed, "You fight this, you fight this and you come back to us. We need you baby boy. I need you to give me snark over my flat hairy feet, my taste in music, and to call me a Hobbit!" He choked on a sob, "Who is going to help me in the lab, help me make a drone that carries water bombs that we can send into the air ducts after Clint? Or more Daleks and Cybermen to battle with our miniature Time Lord?" Tony's hands trembled in Steve's, "You can't leave us Peter, you can't. It's not time for you yet. You belong with us, with our family. You stay with us and you get better." He bent forward, kissing Peter's forehead, "Please Peter, please get better."
“So here we go, with a breakfast containing 2000 calories.” Clint said setting up the camera before his plate of pancakes, bacon, sausage, egg, and about an ocean of butter and syrup.
“Clint and Nat are on their way, Sam too.” Bruce said, “They saw the news and are already flying back to New York. I’ve called the police they should be here soon.” He scratched the back of his head, “What happened?”
Hours dragged by as the Avengers waited in the waiting room for news on Tony. Two hours in they were joined by Clint, Natasha, and Sam.
“We don’t know if their calls are being monitored, we need to be careful, we can’t let Hydra find out where we are, at least not yet.” Steve slumped, he was no engineer, he didn’t know how to help Tony repair the armour and there really wasn’t much else for him to do right now.
The Doctor who entered the cell didn’t notice that there was anything wrong at first, Stark was in bed asleep as usual, the only thing different was they the catheter had leaked, again.
Vision inclined his head looking thoughtful, “I appreciate that, Mr Stark..”
“Its mascara not a mace.”
After dinner the team took it easy, wanting to be at full strength for the mission the following day.
“You should have saved us.” Rhodey hissed, he and Sam scrambled and clawed their way across the ground, Rhodey’s pelvis and backside were angled upwards so they vertical to his upper body, his legs hanging dramatically to the left and right of his body, limp and useless, like a dolls limbs when they’ve been pulled from the socket. Next to him Sam’s flattened body clawed it’s way across the ground, his arms dragging his flattened torso and legs after him, and he exhaled a spray of blood with each breath.
“It would be better if you just spoke to Captain Rogers, Sir.” Jarvis stressed for the umpteenth time, “He will not judge you, he will support you.”
“Oh please don’t encourage this, it makes me feel dirty.” Bruce protested, groaning as Tony grinned at him,
"Completely, nothing shall make us bend," Tony yelped and giggled as Steve lifted his hips to gain more leverage and a deeper thrust, "No matter how hard you batter us or how large your cannons are we shall not give in."
“Missing.” Natasha said, “Which could mean she’s gone to ground, or they’ve got to her too.”
Tony smiled easily, “Lily is beautiful. Probably the most beautiful baby I have ever seen. You will undoubtedly get to see her at some point, but we didn’t want to overwhelm her with all the cameras and noise today.”
“Tony?” He asked, gently, very gently laying his hand between Tony’s shoulder blades.
“Yeah.” Tony murmured, able to recall each horrifying moment of that battle vividly, “If it hadn’t been for that nuke… but we can’t nuke them, we’d wipe out the planet ourselves if we did that, and we can’t risk such wide spread devastation either. You’re right, Manhattan was nearly wiped out, next time it could be an entire country, or continent, we can’t risk that, a fight with Thanos needs to be contained to a barren area, somewhere that isn’t populated.”
In an effort to save face Tony grumbled as he wriggled around so he was laying under Steve’s arm and had his head resting on Steve’s chest, “You’re lucky you are so pretty Rogers, or I’d toss your ass out for laughing at me.”
"He finally fucking did it!" had been Natasha's yell throughout the penthouse when Tony and Steve had called them, the team were still up, waiting for New Year to arrive in New York.
“I mean by my parents.” Peter said, “I had to climb out of my window to get out here tonight.”
“Take a seat Mr Parker-Stark.” The Principal said. He perched on the edge of his desk looking uncomfortable. This set of Peter’s nerves and he tensed as he sat down, right on the edge of his seat.
Peter scoffed and rolled his eyes, “You can’t ground me, only Mamma and Dad can ground me.”
Tony shrugged, “I’m an easy target, and I’ve heard worse.” That didn’t make Steve feel any better, he hated the hate that was directed towards Tony, that some people felt that he should be vilified for being rich, as if being born into money was a crime. He could understand the jealousy, he’d been jealous of the rich when he’d been starving in the depression, but never to the point where he’d actively slandered them or attacked them.
Tony let out a breathy sob, tears rolling down his cheeks. It would be so easy to do as the voice said, to step out and end it all.
“Still.” Tony groaned, throwing himself down on the large and very plush sofa with an exaggerated huff. “This is the UN. The actual UN. The representatives of 193 countries are going to listen to me try and sell my shit. Me. The Merchant of Death.”
“Enhanced.” It was MJ that spoke and she was speaking quietly and looked nervous herself, “So you’re….uh…”
Tony was tempted, by God he was tempted. To spend a day just relaxing instead of worrying about Thanos, about dealing with the Ex-Avengers, to simply have some fun instead of working.
Peter shrugged, “I don’t know. He and Dad have spoken about Norman and the lawsuit but they haven’t mentioned anything about human experimentation.”
The Cop blushed and grinned, “Sure honey, I’d be happy to.” He offered Natasha his arm which she happily accepted and began to totter along beside him talking a mile a minute about how she loved uniforms on me and how much it suited him.
Steve could see the situation was deteriorating rapidly and tried to keep a full scale argument from breaking out, asking the Director why he’d brought them there.
“If he had then I’d have killed you.” Natasha helpfully said, slapping Clint’s bicep.
“He won’t, he likes you, you’re his Science Bro.” Zach happily chirruped, oblivious to how Bruce’s cheek’s reddened at the nickname. Zach frowned and tilted his head as he looked at Bruce. “You’re real smart aren’t you, like Mamma?”
“No, its in my locker. We’re not allowed to carry them while on duty.” Tony snorted at the absurdity of the rules, talk about paranoid.
Rumlow rolled his eyes, “For the last time, he whispered into my ear, “Hail Hydra” That was why I gave him the Sceptre, he knew who we are, he has to. I thought he was one of us.”
“Aye, we well discuss all after we have vanquished our foes!” Thor declared jumping back into the fray.
“Oh ho? Is that how it is?” Sam grinned, “Well I’ll let you and sleeping beauty enjoy your lay in while I pound the pavement. There is coffee in the kitchen and help yourself to anything you want, and I’ve put towels in the bathroom, plus a couple of pairs of clothes.”
Steve was more than ready for a shower and then a long sleep in bed and wasted no time in stripping off. It was as he was taking off his uniform that a folded up piece of paper fell from one of the pockets and landed by his feet. Bending Steve picked it up and opened it, his eyes widening when he saw that the writing was his own, his shock increasing as he read the contents.
"And?" Tony demanded. "What was wrong with him, what had this thing done to him?"
Steve looked stunned, he’d known Tony was thinking about setting up a school, but a full training facility, a full living space for the avengers, laboratories and workshops, garages and a school?
"Hold still kid!" one of the lab techs said lifting the spider from Peter's leg, "Oh shit it's bit him!"
The Omega grinned, “Get me into the engine rooms I can make sure they never even start up.”
“Yes.” Steve said, “Killian had a long time grudge against Tony, having approached him on Millennium Eve, when he was drunk, wanting to discuss business. Tony was naturally in no state to talk business with anyone and his husband at the time, Stane, dismissed the man. Who later went on to found the company AIM, and worked with a scientist to develop the Extremis serum.”
“Rhodey, Tony really needs to see a Doctor.” Steve called.
He swiftly took stock of the rogues and determined they had been neutralized then looked to Steve who was carrying an ashen faced and blood shot eyed Tony in his arms.
“Dude!” Ned breathed, “You’re a freakin’ superhero!” A grin spread over his face, “Holy cra….cow, My best friend is a superhero, this is so awesome, and I am gonna be like the your guy in the chair!”
“Mamma?”
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Tony sneered. He turned to Steve, who had remained at his side, vigilant and ready to tackle Rogers should he try to be violent again, but content to let Tony vent without interrupting him. “Take me home?” he asked. Nodding, Steve wrapped an arm about Tony’s shoulders, pulling him close and guiding him to the doors,
“Hey, Hap, put me on speaker will you?”
For what felt like forever people droned on and on, they paused to clap and then listened or pretended to listen more, until finally the speeches ended and the coffee and little truffles were brought out along with after dinner liquors as the orchestra started playing again and people rose to dance.
“I’m supposed to use my powers for good, not evil.”
“After the stunt you pulled, what do you think?” Norman snapped.
She could be proud of him, supportive even, but she did not have the strength to be his girlfriend or wife, and that was her problem, not Tony’s, which was what she had hoped she had gotten through to him.
“Ready to go?” Steve asked, all the luggage was packed up, Tony’s private jet was waiting at the airport, they were all finished with the hospital.
(Protective and supportive, Rhodey.) (Astounding, and amazing, Pepper.) Tony soon found his footing again as he realized that as far as they were concerned, nothing had changed, he was still Tony Stark.
They found that a fear response would bring the fire to the surface, as would anger and pain. Tony struggled with this not wanting to upset or hurt Zach even if it was only a small pin prick on the fingertip, he still hated it. He didn’t like having to see Zach get angry or afraid either, which they achieved by showing him some of the footage of the Malibu house being blown up, or Tony in danger.
“And hour.” Sam called back. “Maybe a bit less.”
“It is?” Tony asked.
******
On the floors above, Steve had things no better, getting a beating from the Demi-God who seemed to be trying to make off with the Sceptre too, however, when Natasha and Clint reached him the Sceptre was still by his side. Taking it to Tony’s lab, the Billionaire confirmed that it was genuine and not a fake, which of course begged the question as why Loki had taken it only to return it, also, where the hell the pain in the ass was right then.
Thor gripped Mjolnir tightly in his hand clearly fearing what this would mean for his friend’s life and future as an avenger.
For a moment time seemed to freeze as the four men gazed at each other, no one quite sure what to do or wanting to make a move that might spook Bucky. After what seemed like an eternity it was Lily that broke the silence with a demanding cry and kicked her legs in Tony’s arms,
“Don’t try to move, you need to lay still.” Bruce said, Tony recognized his eyes and flicked his eyes down, seeing him and the others around his bed, Steve was at his side, holding his hand and giving him a gentle smile. His youthful face was lined in worry and Tony wished he could stretch out and sooth those lines away. But his body was effectively pinned to the bed by the casts on his leg and arm.
Norman Osborn was not a man who enjoyed being woken up in the middle of the night, and even less when it was by police barging into his house and issuing a warrant for his arrest.
“Make me.”
“Yeah, hows that possible?” Rhodey asked, “He’d be ninety odd by now, super soldier or not, he wouldn’t be capable of much at that age.”
“Murderer.”
Both of which had been made with lower fat options, a whisked sponge rather than a Victoria or Madera cake, reduced fat cream cheese icing, and reduced fat cheese on the pizza.
“No.”
*****
“A fine work of art.” Thor said, “I like the rendering of Mjolnir most especially.”
Omavatil was the name on the box, and the small writing under the name explained what is was for.
“I’m not.” Steve insisted, “And I’ve had my fill of swimming today.” He wasn’t sure he could look at the ocean without feeling sick right now anyway.
The hospital kept them both in over night with Steve sleeping in a chair besides the bed, or rather just watching Tony and their Son sleep until it was time for the first feed, which CJ took too with gusto once he figured out how to latch on and suckle.
He grabbed the Doctor’s throat in his left hand squeezing his wind pipe and pressed the long needle from his canula against the delicate skin of the mans throat.
“Little Prince Stark, I believe you have increased in size since last we met, I would swear you are twice the boy I recall, soon you shall be taller than I!”
“Thank you, their beautiful.” Tony said sniffing the flowers.
“Will he be alright?” Thor asked,
“No.” Howard said, “He’ll be fine, just… wipe up the blood.”
“No, you’re not Steve, Steve would never…. Steve hates me, the whole team hates me.”
“Flash, Mamma, it’s his real name.” Peter said.
Diarrhea.
Peter was still unhappy when they got back to the tower, something neither Tony or Steve liked to see, he was clearly feeling guilty about his actions but they couldn’t just let this go, they could not afford for him to have violent out bursts now he was enhanced, it would have been bad enough if he was a baseline human but now he was enhanced it was far too dangerous.
Steve gave him a sympathetic look. “Sometimes there’s not a way out Tony.”
“You do, and you have been acting as her Father for these past few months, so its only natural that she would call you that.”
“Okay, I have the phrase “Having kittens” but I’ve never seen it in reality.” Tony said looking down at the ginger fur ball that Zach was cuddling, “Explanation?”
“Umm, you do have your own bed.” Peter said,
Tony admitted, though only to himself, and maybe Rhodey, but he had been really, really drunk at that time, and might have smoked more than one joint. That he was insecure about himself. That he tended to think that the negative things that people said about him were true and focused on them, rather than focussing on the good he did and his qualities.
“I don’t think so.” Bruce typed as Peter began to examine his sides, looking for the start of extra limbs.
“Tony, I don’t know what I’m doing.” Steve protested.
“Mamma!” Zach’s plaintive cry echoed in his head and he saw himself lunging forward trying to grab hold of Zach only to have his son turn to ashes in his hands.
Natasha sighed heavily, “If we go in then we’ll be announcing our presence to the whole world.”
“How about that place we went to yesterday?” Steve suggested, “The soup there was excellent.” Tony rolled his eyes,
Steve tore after Zach nearly knocking an elderly couple off their feet as he went, shouting an apology over his shoulder he continued on, leaping down the steps in front of the hotel and charged down the street, “Zachary Yinsen Stark get back here right now!” He shouted at the boy who was at the end of the street waiting to cross the road.
“Absolutely not.” Clint said, “In fact I want to learn girl things, I am very interested in girl things.”
The rest of the day passed with Zach playing with his new toys, enjoying a lunch of chicken nuggets and chips with his favourite dips, having an art lesson from Steve on how to draw basic animal and people shapes.
He was relieved when Osborn’s car finally pulled up and he hurried over, getting into the back of the car where Norman was sat, shrouded in darkness as the lights in the back of the car were turned low.
“Shower’s free.” Peter said, coming out of the bathroom rubbing his hair dry on a towel. At the familiar music of the DR Who soundtrack he rolled his eyes, “Really, we even have Dr Who here?”
How much could a person lose before it killed them? He couldn’t remember, wasn’t sure he wanted to know, not when the percentage could mean the difference between life and death for his partner, not when this drying blood on his clothes might be the last part of him he ever got to hold.
“I don’t have hairy feet.” Tony retorted, “And you’re grounded.” Peter stuck his tongue out, Tony was always threatening to ground him and never did, the worst punishment Peter ever got was being sent to his room when he’d really been playing up.
“They might.” Tony fretted, “Especially if shit heads like Senator crotch rot get involved. He was vocal about be adopting Peter, said I wasn’t fit, that I shouldn’t have been allowed to keep Zach.”
Nobody argued with that and they quickly got ready to go back up the cliff.
“When did what happen?”
“Oh baby boy.” Tony whispered, “What were you thinking, why would you get yourself into so much trouble?” He asked Peter, “Don’t you know that you didn’t need to prove anything to us, that we are proud of you anyway?”
“Whatever Hobbit.”
Peter grinned, he wasn’t really surprised that Steve didn’t understand the science babble, honestly it was pretty much over anyone’s head unless they were also a genius.
Compound.
Peter frowned, “Why?”
“You’d like to sign up with the team we’re assembling?” Steve asked Spiderman who nodded enthusiastically,
For New Year Tony had taken Steve away to Paris for a few days for some "Adult time" which had a bordering on adolescence Peter, and a now Five year old Zach making kissy faces at them and laughing themselves silly.
“We were attacked too.” Steve said, “By the Winter Soldier.” It still made his stomach clench when he thought of Bucky like that, “We only just managed to escape with our lives.”
As they stood on the battle field of Wakanda surveying the damage and helping the clean up, Steve had a brilliant idea. “Why don’t we get married here?”
Had it not been for Bruce Banner, then Tony would likely have packed in the whole Avengers Initiative thing a whole lot sooner. But Bruce never seemed to have a problem with the way things were, so Tony had become convinced that this was how family’s functioned and that he was simply not used to it, having never been in a family environment before.
“I swear, the next time you are on a slab, I’m sticking a stake through your heart just to be sure!” He held out his hand to Fury who shook it with a wry grin.
Zach beamed happily all the way through to the living room and automatically took his place on the sofa giggling as Espresso and Gingerbread jumped up to join him.
Bruce sighed heavily, “It’s a risk I know. But you are both adults, and I’m sure, even if it doesn’t work, you’ll find a way to stay friends. What you have to ask yourself is if you are willing to sacrifice what might be the best relationship you’ll ever have just to stay safe. Or if you have the courage to take the chance and find happiness.”
“The scholarships are for the academically gifted.” Pepper said, “These kids are getting their education paid for by us and then giving SI five years work post Grad. It’s a business arrangement that benefits both parties.”
“Brats.” Tony groused, shooting U a glare as the Bot began to Lord it over the other two since he still had full freedom. “It’d be easier rearing a pack of rabid rottweilers!”
“Yeah, but the taxi splatter road kill was a pervert, so no one is missing him. And his Cousin’s death was not actually his fault, I mean Dopinder just locked him in the boot of his taxi, he couldn’t know that he was going to have an accident while the guy was in the boot.”
“Protecting nature Sir?” Jarvis asked.
Over the next half an hour they added more and more weight to the bell bar until finally Peter was lifting 800lbs and still not breaking a sweat.
“I’m sorry.” Pepper said sniffing hard and wiping under her eyes as the tears began to fall, “I promised myself I wouldn’t cry, you don’t need me blubbering all over you.”
“He was immunized against them.” Tony said fretfully, his eyes widened, “What if its swine-flu?”
Steve wanted to argue, he wanted to refuse. He didn’t want Tony to go through this again at all even if it was one more time, but if he did so then they couldn’t get the readings that they needed and it would either take longer or they would never find a way to neutralize Wanda’s power.
I know you’ve been abused and I hate that you went through that, I wish I could kill the bastards who hurt you, but that fact you have survived that shows how strong you are. You are standing here alive and well after suffering so much, have two wonderful Sons that any Alpha would be proud to call his own. You can be sarcastic and cutting at times, but you are also observant, thoughtful, impossibly generous, and incredibly loyal. So, why wouldn’t I want you?”
“Always.” Tony said, “I’m worried about that asshole Osborn too and the shitstorm he may try and bring down on us.”
“Well that’s good, because if I’m family then I’d have to work out if fucking you would be like fucking my brother or my mother!”
Happy drove them in silence, reaching the airport in record time after running several red lights along the way and stopped the car without his usual smoothness.
“D’you think he’s awake now?” Zach asked, “Jarvis is Mamma awake, I want pancakes.”
“Thanks Sam.” Steve said very grateful that he wouldn’t have to wear his bloodied clothes throughout the day, Sam saluted him and took off for his run.
The trial lasted over a week and the verdict was unanimous, sentencing both Steve and Natasha to life sentences with no possibility of parole for at least forty years.
“It wasn’t your fault.” He said, “I read the report, it was that Russian guy and that Business tech guy.”
That was why he chose to ignore Tony’s privacy and speak to Steve.
Steve rolled his eyes and took Tony’s hand, leading him out onto the dance floor and began to lead them through the foxtrot with a great deal of practised ease.
“Sir was out of communication for several minutes upon discovering the sceptre and before he was shot.” Jarvis said, “I do not believe, that if she was in the vicinity that Wanda Maximoff would have passed up a chance to torture Sir’s mind.”
“What, are you nuts, didn’t I just tell you…”
“I know right!” Tony grinned,
It was nothing overly fancy, but it showed Peter how much he’d been missed and how happy everyone was that he was home and recovering.
“Welcome home!”
“Sorry.” Tony whispered, gripping Steve’s shirt tightly, he felt so childish doing this, but he couldn’t help it, he needed Steve to hold him, needed him like he needed air,
“I’m fine.” Tony said, “Just a few scrapes.”
Natasha contact them a few days after camp Leheigh to tell them that Fury was beginning a quiet investigation inside Shield, She also forwarded all the information Shield had on the Winter Soldier to Tony, who in return sent Fury an algorithm to help look through Shield’s Database and search out inconsistencies.
“I think that went very well.” Pepper said stretching as she got up from her chair.
Just as everything faded to darkness Tony felt something taking hold of him, then he knew no more.
“Do you want to be running suicides?” Steve shot back.
Now the sunlight was streaming in through the crack between the curtains and Zach awoke with his usual enthusiasm.
“Yes Agent Romanoff. A particularly toxic plant at that.” Jarvis agreed.
“No.”
“Bucky, do you know who I am?” Steve asked, his voice lowered into a gentle tone, not unlike the one he used when talking to Lily, obviously not wanting to intimidate the skittish man. Again Bucky nodded jerkily,
Every act of torture, every atrocity Steve had ever seen he would visit on the bastard who’d done this. Not an inch of their body would be untouched, not one bone, not one fingernail or patch of skin would be free from his wrath. And then, at the end, when they were beyond begging him for mercy anymore, he would hack their mutilated body into small pieces and burn them into the earth spelling out Tony’s name one last time.
Norman chuckled, “You are a true Osborn, Son. You’ve got a blood thirsty heart.” He grinned at his son, “You’ll be a great businessman one day.” Harry smiled back, happy that he’d impressed his Father and happy that Peter would pay for beating him up.
“In case you’re forgetting, Dear. I own this entire building and the land it is standing on. Not to mention all the equipment you use, and pay for up keep and cost of groceries for this place. So when it comes to deciding whom has the right to be in the building, I am the only one who truly has the legal right to do so!” He did not raise his voice. Did not shout at the insufferable brat. But his voice, and his words carried all the weight and power of a thunderous roar.
“Let me worry about that.” Tony said, “You just concentrate on yourself.”
“But I can stay at Ned’s?”
Steve snorted, Tony had lost that image the moment he’d fallen pregnant with Zach, occasionally old photos back from the nineties would be published but for the most part the world had moved on from the heavy drinking and wild party lifestyle that Tony had lead prior to Afghanistan.
“Damn it.”
“Roger that.” Natasha replied over the coms.
“Gimme a sec for to regain use of my limbs and I’ll return the favour.” However Steve shook his head,
“Nope.” Tony replied, popping the P, “I have people like you for that!” He shot a grin at Steve who snorted.
“How does that help me now?”
She shrugged, "I have experience of dealing with children." She said, "I've known Clint for ten years."
Steve’s brows rose and he gave Tony a helpless look, “I’m not sure.” He said looking at elegant hotel reception rooms, pricey overseas castles, and was that a cruise ship?
“Go away.” Zach grumbled while also leaning into the touch.
Somehow, and Steve had no idea how, the next beep that came from Toby sounded contrite.
NO, NO, NO, Tony was silently begging his baby to hold on, to stay inside for just a little bit longer, but when the next contraction came he felt an overwhelming urge to push. Crying out Tony bore down on the next contraction, unable to fight his bodies natural instinct to deliver the baby. The pain was unbearable, he felt like he was being torn apart, like his flesh was going to be split open as a pressure built up in his pelvis, a heavy pressure that just grew worse and… Oh God! He could feel it, he could feel something emerging, a form sliding out of his body!
“Because this documentary is supposed to be child friendly.” Clint explained, “Seeing your family jewels will be a little traumatizing for kids.”
“Sound loud, its too loud.” Peter whimpered into Tony’s chest, “And the smell and feel of everything, I can’t bear it.”
Instead of doing secret santa as some companies did, Tony had set up a system so that money was collected from the last week of September to the second week of December and whatever the total amount was he would double and then presents for all of Stark Industries employees children were bought and were given out by “Santa” at the party.
Sitting back on the grass and staring at the blood on his hands the anger slowly began to seep away from Peter, and he looked in horror at the battered and bloody form of Harry.
“We’re gonna save the world today Morgan!” She declared to her baby sister, “Captain Iron Girl to the rescue, all enemies will be disintegrated!”
What was not released to the public, was the consequences of the bite on Peter’s body. Tony and Steve chose to keep these consequences private due to Peter’s age, they wanted to protect him from public scrutiny, however, circumstances have changed, and they are responding to that change by revealing what has happened to Peter.
“Yes, and as I said, I expect you to be the responsible one, because I am completely irresponsible.” Tony shot Steve a grin and set off to help Peter get what they needed to get the bike on the car.
“The safe houses in Mexico?” Clint asked,
Before any of them could react Wanda was lashing out with her powers but before she could strike Vision was between her and the team, the Mind Stone glowing in his head, absorbing her power.
“Tony, Oh my God, Tony I thought… where are you, are you alright?”
On the field Clint was taking aim at one of the bunkers that hadn’t been destroyed by Thor and Tony when he was struck by something moving at blinding speed, he changed position and was knocked off his feet.
“Tony!” Steve went after him and wrapped himself around Tony, taking his hands to stop him from hurting himself,
As they had spoken about in the hospital, they had decided to take the boys on a camping weekend. Steve had found a lovely spot besides a lake with hiking trails through the woods and up into the mountains. Said mountains were not high and the paths would be easy to follow so it would be no problem for them to walk them.
“We can do that.” Steve said, making Tony’s eyebrows arch, “You’ve already done it for me and Lily. We can do it for Bucky.”
Tony mind ran with a thousand questions, where was he, what the hell was going on, what had happened to him, what was this?
“A smoking hot Mother, and a sweetie pie of a sister, he was also being bullied.” Tony said, “Now, I don’t like bullies. Nobody likes bullies, least of all Captain America, who is here with us today and with give you all his opinion on bullies.”
“I wanna go up there, Pete take me up there!” Zach cried jumping up and down.
“Why don’t you call Matt?” he suggested,
“Why are you here anyway, shouldn’t you be in the children’s ward with Thor and Sam?” Tony asked, turning his head to the left so Natasha could contour his cheek and jaw.
*****
With the contract agreed upon and signed by all parties, the Avengers welcomed Dynamic Productions into the tower to record them during their day to day life.
“We’ll meet at Central park at midnight.” MJ texted.
“Maybe,” Steve said, grinning anyway, “But we should definitely give it a try!”
Peter’s smile grew and he helped himself to another cookie to dunk in his tea.
“Sure Cap, we’ll get it sorted now.” Tony said, taking his phone out of his pocket and began to tap at the screen.
“I could baby sit if you ever do want to go out.” Steve offered, his voice sounded oddly tight and there was a pinched look to him as if he wasn’t really happy about the thought of Tony going out with someone.
Or at least it had been before he and Steve had started to get closer. He’d already known that Captain America was ripped. Anyone with functioning eyeballs knew that. But lately Tony had started to really notice him, notice the way his eyes crinkled when he smiled and how much brighter that smile had become in recent weeks. How he’d suck in and chew on his bottom lip when he was thinking hard about something, and nibble on the end of his pencil when he was sketching.
“Speak to him or start a fight with him?” Sam snapped, “Because that’s whats happened, and I think we can all safely say that you lost.”
“It won’t hurt to try.” Steve said, “At the very least we can work up an appetite for some greasy fast food.”
Tony was aching everywhere, from the top of his head to the tips of his toes he was aching. He let out a groan, blinking open sleep sticky eyes he winced at the bright lights of shield medical which were bearing down upon him.
While those who did speak of these places said it was only the street walkers who came out after dark and tempted the dock workers and factory workers, the truth was, it was all types of Beta women and Omegas, married or not.
“What was it like?” Steve asked after several minutes of silence, “The other side?”
“Next time, you think we can do it again tonight?” Steve asked sounding a little incredulous,
“Wait till you start learning algebra, that sucks.” Peter put in and tossed a fry at Zach with a grin,
The three of them stood at the head of the bed holding his hands and rubbing his back as he strained and pushed, bearing down and bringing his Pup into the world.
“Dear God it tastes like metal and cocoanut!” Tony declared as he inserted it into the rector core. Over the next few hours he started to feel a bit better as the palladium levels dropped slightly, although it would take weeks for it to completely clear from his system. He was even thinking about calling Rhodey to celebrate, which was when everything decided to turn to shit again.
“That’s smart.” MJ agreed, “We need to know more about their security before you try and get into the buildings Osborn owns anyway.”
The Asset was out of containment. His body thawed out, head fog starting to clear and limbs becoming mobile again.
“Watch the snark or you’ll be on restricted internet access mister.”
The table cloths on the tables were delicately pin striped in the rainbow colours, and the napkins were in different shades of the rainbow. Rainbow banners were pinned along the walls and bouquets of flowers in the corners of the room, the blooms an ensemble of the shades of the rainbow.
“Screw you asshole!” Zach snarled, treating the man carrying him to an elbow in the stomach, the man grunted and dropped him down onto the floor. Zach quickly scrambled to his feet and made a run for it, ducking under the product rails and dodging around equipment, running as fast as his little legs would carry him.
“So we’re all going?” Bruce asked doubtfully.
After the Aristocats another Disney movie got put on, Basil of Baker Street, and Bucky found himself feeling content enough to become drowsy, and somewhere along the way as Basil was hunting down Rattigan’s secret lair he fell asleep among tired billionaires, super soldiers, and super heroes, leaving an Android to watch over them all as they slept.
“I want a go!” Emma yelled thrusting her barbie at Natasha and ran down the garden to jump on the crate with Zach, “I ride with you?” she asked, all huge blue eyes, missing front teeth, and dark blonde pig tails.
“Anyway, to cut a long story short. This brat helped save my sorry ass while I was dealing with the Mandarin.” Tony said to the school, “And while I was in his company, not only did I learn that he had smoking hot Mother…”
Scraping together what was left of his pride, Steve left the lab, deciding to go and take a look around for himself. As much as he didn’t want to admit it, something wasn’t sitting right with Shield.
“The bastard shot him up with extremis.” Tony spat, “It’s made him capable of producing massive heat from his body and fire. It’s stable-ish right now, but…” He broke off and rubbed his face tiredly, “I need to get it stabilized in him before it goes critical, and no one can know about his abilities, at least not until he much older.
“This creates a static feedback on any listening devices.” He explained, “The office has been swept, but I won’t take any chances.”
“Sure he does,” Peter said jumping over the back of the sofa, something Happy let him get away with where Tony would have scolded him, “And we’ve got lots of delicious junk food to eat while we watch bad Sci Fi movies that Mamma never lets us see.”
“I don’t!” He blurted, halting Steve’s progress in finding his shirt, “I don’t just want one night, I want more too.”
“They are ten weeks old, they were found abandoned at perhaps two weeks old, their Mother was no where to be found.” Peter explained, he bit his lip and looked down at the kittens, “Can we keep them?” he asked.
“Can we speak to him?” Steve asked, perched on the edge of a scruffy and worn out sofa that was tucked into a corner of Tony’s workshop in the Tower, set before a chipped, stained, and wonky coffee table that wobbled whenever it was touched and threatened to collapse completely if too much weight was put on it.
“I would not be too sure of that, Sir.” Jarvis said. This gave Tony pause and he momentarily stopped rubbing conditioner into his hair.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up, “Seriously?”
"And the invading force shall overwhelm you completely." Steve purred into his ear beginning to thrust again, harder and faster, "After the submission negotiations can begin, hard long hours in which the terms for such submission will be thrashed out."
“Wikileaks?” Steve repeated. Tony reached over and patted his knee.
Taking Zach from Thor Steve decided to go and rest in the jet for the night not wanting to put the boy through the journey to the hospital, and took him up to the roof with Thor.
Steve frowned at Tony, making a show of covering Lily’s ears. “As for the X-Men, I have spoken with Professor Xavier from time to time. Helped him create a collar to dampen mutant powers for students that need to learn control slowly, and to stop those that abuse them from hurting others. The Defenders I’ve heard tell of, The Devil of Hells Kitchen is one of them I believe.”
It wasn’t difficult finding information on Anthony Edward Stark. He was even more famous than Howard had been, was frequently on News Paper’s and glossy magazines, or the news. He was currently completing construction on a huge sky scraper in Manhattan and would be moving into the Penthouse with his two kids. A Beta boy called Peter whom he’d adopted two years previously after the boys guardians had been killed during an attack on Stark Expo, and one biological Pup, a male Omega called Zachary, the offspring of Stark’s late Alpha Obadiah Stane.
“I want to.” Steve said cutting Tony off mid babble. Tony paused momentarily silenced by this admission.
“I think he already did, schmuck!” someone called out which caused several snickers of laughter at Rogers’ expense,
“Not right now.” Steve said, “I think this is something your Mamma needs to work out with Zach alone.” He rose from the counter and put an arm around Peter’s shoulders, “How about we see if we can find something on the TV to watch?”
“Yeah, I guess that’s true.” Rhodey cleared his throat,
“Twas truly a most worthy battle of wills.” Thor said, beaming happily, he had Zach perched on his broad shoulders, the toddler was getting the burst balloons down from the light fixtures and the doors.
“He didn’t even know his name.” Steve murmured, reaching out to trace the bruising on Tony’s throat, “How could he not know that at least?”
He wanted so much to go home. To be at home in his bed with his Mamma, Dad, and Brother.
“No, Peter, we should have done better. We’re the adults, it’s out job to take care of you and we screwed up this time. We’re sorry.”
“You have had a knee replacement and we have pinned your tibia, you will need to begin physio within the next few days. That will be painful but the joint has to be used or it will freeze up. You will also be visited by rehabilitation who will help you adjust to having only the one hand. Prosthetics can be looked into in the future but for now the stump has to heal.”
“Sorry.” Robbie said with a heavy sigh.
“I’m okay.” Peter said lifting his face away from the wall and looked down at his family and the team, “Whoa, I’m sticking to stuff, I can stick to walls, I really am a Spider person, a Spider boy, no I’m not a boy anymore I’m a Man, Spiderman, yeah I’m Spiderman!”
“I could design a program to search through Shields database, encrypting the files that have to be protected while uploading the information about those linked to Hydra to the Internet.” Tony mused, “Once I’ve got it ready I can put it onto a USB stick,” He glanced back at Natasha, “You’ll have to directly upload it Shield’s database you won’t be able to do it remotely.”
Over the dinner Steve was able to get to know Bruce better, learning more about the man rather than just the rage monster and the shy scientist who tried to keep to himself. Tony had certainly taken a shine to him, calling him his “Science Bro” and Steve wasn’t jealous, he wasn’t jealous at all, no sir. He did not feel even the slightest twinge of the green eyed monster, at least, that was what he continued to tell himself every time Tony beamed at Bruce or made a science Joke that only the Doctor could understand.
“I should head back to the compound.” Vision said, looking uncertain and uncomfortable.
“I’ll take a peach iced tea, thank you.” Tony said,
With Steve keeping him engaged in conversation and gently nudging him in the ankle with his foot beneath the table, Tony actually ate the meal, instead of ignoring the food and focussing on his phone and sipping the drinks throughout the dinner.
Tony didn’t argue, he slowly got to his feet and shuffled out of the stall then doubled over with a cry of pain as another contraction hit. The soldiers shouted at each other, one running off to fetch a medic while the others kept the guns trained on him.
"What?"
“But showing extra caution would not go amiss.” Thor said, his usual joviality gone. “Whatever help I can provide, I shall.”
Peter frowned obviously considering his answer before he gave it, his reaction at first frightening Steve as his eyes widened and look of dread came over the boy’s face. “I won’t have to do any nappies will I?” He asked, “Cause I smelled Zach’s and they were evil, like scorch the hair from your nostrils bad!” Peter actually shuddered at the memory making Steve laugh.
“How long has this been going on?” He demanded his voice rising with anger.
As Steve’s posts were read, shared, liked, followed, and gathered more and more attention; Tony took a snap of Steve holding a Stark Tablet and posted it on his account with the caption, “My Hero!”
“No I’m not, Pepper Potts is.” Steve agreed amicably.
Rogers’ face screwed up in distaste, “You and Stark were… lovers?” he bit off the word lovers, spitting it out as if it were an insult.
“Blow me tin can!” Clint replied, flipping him off, and took Lily with the practised ease of a parent, “Hey there sweetie, we’re gonna have big fun while Mommy and Daddy are out on a date aren’t we?” he cooed to her,
Rogers made to get to his feet and launch into another plea for Bucky to listen to him but was smacked around the head by the shield that had been thrown at him.
“We’ve got an idea.” Tony told him excitedly, “To defeat the mother fucker and keep the civilian populations out of the line of fire.”
Zach never hid anything, if there was something on his mind he would just blurt it out. Peter on the other hand was old enough to bottle up things and he was doing so now.
“Good morning to you Zach, did you sleep well?” he asked,
“I’m not hurting!”
Tony glanced at Steve, “I um…., good question, we haven’t even discussed that yet.”
He startled, as did Tony when there came a loud thump against the closed bedroom door, “MAMMA!” Zach yelled from the other side.
“Of course, Commander Kovarian.”
Pepper shrugged, “I was involved since the start, remember?” she said, “Ever since Phil made initial contact. Then Romanoff, pretending to be Rushman.”
Tony bit his lip, he could lie, he could say nothing, but if he did that, if their relationship became based on lies then there was no relationship at all, at least not a healthy one.
‘I like him.’ Winter said with his usual decisive attitude of black and white. Bucky didn’t argue the point, he just wasn’t going to make a snap judgement.
“Sure, since a pair of them have now arrived.” MJ Said reaching into her back pack for a bottle of sprite.
Steve grinned at Tony, happy to see some life come back into those dark eyes that had been far too clouded for his liking. He kept his hand on Tony’s, his thumb rubbing gently over the Tony’s knuckles as he spoke.
Steve may not like killing, but he had done so before, he’d been to war, they weren’t firing blanks back then, they shot to kill and he’d taken many lives during that time as had every other soldier. The twins however had crossed the line in their attack on Tony. Steve would not and could not let it pass, the pair would die when he faced them, there would be no holding back, no pulling punches, no trying to subdue instead of kill, he would end the pair for this.
“Alright honey, we’ll get you back to the hotel in a few minutes, don’t worry.” Tony said bouncing her a little. He looked up at Bucky who was staring at Lily with a bewildered look on his face, “What? You never seen a baby before?”
“Not a midget!” Zach declared.
Why did that name ring a bell?
Peter’s eyes widened and he sat up, staring at Tony, “Really? We’d live here?” He gazed around at the huge mansion which was twice the size of Tony’s own mansion.
Despite his initial delight at getting to go and live with Iron Man, Peter was shy and reserved when Tony first brought him home, looking around the Mansion uncertainly and only mumbling a few words to Happy, Pepper, and Rhodey.
The first person she tried them on was left a hysterical mess, unable to do anything but scream in terror. The second was much the same except she became catatonic. The rest of her test subjects had much the same results. Catatonia, hysteria, and self inflicted violence.
“Uh huh, before or after you’ve already launched?” The Omega drawled, “You know, I think George Orwell had something to say about this kind of thing coming to pass, and if I recall, it wasn’t complimentary.”
“I’ll take someone’s freakin’ head off in a moment is what I’ll take!” Tony bellowed slamming his fist on the table. The action caused his wrist to ache but he ignored the pain in favour of glaring at the officers before him, “You cannot honestly be serious about this.”
So far the best way of deploying it Peter had found was to use aerosol spray mechanism, he loaded a trigger into the gloves and had the nozzle in a pair of cuffs that he fastened about his wrists.
“It’s not Stark’s whereabouts we’re interested, Romanoff.” Hill said, “It’s Banner, Thor, and Rogers. Stark has them staying with him, correct?” She didn’t wait for a reply, “Well, it’s pretty obvious that he’ll be running the show, and it is imperative that they be kept under observation. Stark is easy to find, therefore so are they and we want to know what they are doing at all times.”
He might never have killed in cold blood before but in this case he was going to do it without any difficulty at all.
“What the hell is going on?” Rhodey asked, “What did you find down there?”
The teen shifted uncomfortably and took a deep drink of his coke before clearing his throat, “Guys I’ve got something really huge to tell you.” He said avoiding looking directly at MJ and Ned. He’d gone over this in his head several times but now he was actually doing it he was freaking out, was terrified that they’d reject him, call him a freak and never want to be his friend again.
She hadn’t seen him, he’d made damn sure of that, taking to the back alleys and going across the rooftops, using Parkour to escape so she didn’t find him, but the fact she was here in Bucharest was enough to have him throwing his meagre possessions into a bag and running for the hills, or rather, for Vienna.
But there was no guarantee that he would, his Son was in danger now, Tony wasn’t just angry anymore, he was going to be beyond anger and fear, his instinct as a Mother would be fuelling him now and he would stop at nothing until he had Zach back in his arms.
Steve felt much less ridiculous wearing this than he had the bright blue stars and stripes version.
“They won’t get that chance.” Steve growled, his nose flaring and teeth bared, “Because we are going to find those two and take care of them permanently.”
Make any political statements.
The only food that Tony had suitable for the baby was a banana, which he mashed down with a fork and some milk that he heated in the microwave.
Until now.
Bodies.
At first he stuck to just tackling petty criminals, muggers, petty thieves, and breaking up the odd fight between drunks, but gradually he began to face worse, or rather the criminals he met were worse.
Having no way of dealing with this himself since he was wheelchair bound and wasn’t going to dump all of this on Spider Man’s shoulders, Rhodey swallowed his pride, his anger, and called Steve Rogers and the Rogues, getting them back to America and the compound on a stealth jet.
Playfully bopping Lily on the nose with his fingertip, Tony looked up at Pepper, “I think that’ll be fine,” he looked to Steve, “Will that be okay with you?”
Kindergarten might well be good for him anyway. Tony knew that just because his own school experience had been shit, didn’t mean that Zach’s would be, and anyway, he had never gone to a Pre-school, he’d just been sent to boarding school as soon as he was old enough and dumped in a class of much older children which had prevented him from making friends.
“We did,” Steve said, “We felt it was better for them due to their age. We didn’t want them to be singled out or persecuted, nor have unfair pressure on them because they have these abilities. Yes they have them, but they are still children, they have a lot of growing and learning to do before they will be ready to decide what they want to do with their lives. They might decide to be super heroes, they might decide to be Doctors, or lawyers, or teachers, they might join the armed forces, they might become acters or singers. They might chose to do anything and it is important that they have that choice. Their freedom is what we wanted to protect.”
“Okay.” Harley cleared his throat, “Everybody ready, hold on tight, and off you go!”
“I’m sorry…” That was as far as he got before Steve cut him off,
“But he’s alright, he’s going to live?” Steve asked dismissing anything but that.
“Maybe if Steve isn’t too tired and he keeps the story munchkin friendly…”
Steve let out a whimper, he was going to die here, he was going to die of blue balls. Now wouldn’t that make a headline? Captain America dies of blue balls!
For his part Tony held his ground with remarkable strength, not flinching away despite the malice in Wanda’s expression.
Once the splint was secured, Steve pried the spoon from Tony’s mouth and guided him to a chair as the Omega looked pale and was shaking, “Have you got anything sweet he can drink?” He asked Fury, recalling that Sugary drinks were always given for shock, or at least they were during the war, hot tea with plenty of sugar had been a regular treatment back then.
“Well, this isn’t how I wanted to spend my time in Miami.” Clint said, “I was hoping to sun bathe, maybe surf a few waves, check out a club or two…”
“Technically speaking, but not quite, Mr Stark. True, though I am not the man I used to be, I am not simply a creation of another person either.” A photo came up on one of the screens of Armin Zola, the scientist that Steve had captured the day Bucky had died.
Tony placed a hand over his heart, “Would I?”
“I think it is almost a given that he will.” Tony sighed, reaching around to scratch the back of his head, “There are too many similarities with this world and the one Steve is from. We can’t ignore this threat.”
“I was gonna,” Tony said, “But you’re up now, and this…,” He winced as one of the yokes broke, “May not be that good.”
Touché Tony would have to give Steve that he supposed.
“It’ll be fine.” Steve assured him, after all, he’d eaten worse back in the war. A broken yoke, and some burned sausages were nothing compared with the ration packs he’d lived off.
“Yes they do, but they haven’t realized that yet, and there is also the chance that a relationship won’t work and they’ll break up, they are afraid that if that happens they won’t be able to be friends anymore.”
Steve felt a lump form in his throat which he had to swallow past as he nodded his head, “I know,” He whispered, “And we won’t fail. Not this time.”
Chapter.
“We actually did it.” Steve whispered, kissing Tony’s bruised cheek, “We actually won.”
“This is why you are not in charge of diplomatic relations between hero teams.” Steve said with a grin. Tony and Reed’s dislike of each-other was amusing, except when it was in public and caught on camera, which was why Steve and Natasha kept Tony away from the Fantastic Four, and Sue kept Reed away from the Avengers. It saved a lot of headaches.
“Why can’t Richards and Dr Doomass make with the angry fucking and stop this bullshit?” Clint complained, as he shot down another Doombot that flew by his current perch on a rooftop.
“Seven.” Steve said, “He’ll be eight in November.”
“He’s close to crowning, seems the little one is impatient.”
*****
“The bacon cheese burger.” Peter said eagerly, his eyes lighting up at the prospect of greasy salty goodness.
When he finally ran out of tears he got up and went to the bathroom to wash his face, looking in the mirror was a mistake as he looked like a drowned rat, all tear streaks, puffy eyelids and bloodshot eyes.
“A few weeks.” Tony whispered, “Six weeks.”
“You didn’t see that coming?” A smug accented voice asked him and a blonde twenty something smirked at him before disappearing, a second later Clint was on the ground bleeding from a shot to his side.
“Well we’re alright.” Steve said acutely aware that his groin was pressed right into Tony’s thighs, (So now is a very bad idea to get an erection) He noticed that Tony was breathing very hard, his breath rasping. “Are you alright?” He asked, yes the air was a little thin but it was breathable, they weren’t in danger of suffocating.
“Steve’s right,” Wanda said, “The world hates Stark, they’ll turn from him soon enough,” she smiled at Steve, “You just need to remind them who you are and what you stand for,”
“Everyone go steady.” Clint said, “We don’t want to risk hurting anyone trapped inside.”
“Good.” MJ said, she glanced over her shoulder to make sure her parents and no one else was watching and gave Peter a quick hug, “I’m glad you’re alright Dork.” She said looking uncomfortable at the contact and the sensitivity.
What kind of Father had Howard Stark been to Tony? There had been nothing Paternal about the Alpha when Steve had known him, hell, the man had said he was married to his work and everything else was secondary. Of course more than thirty years went by before Howard had Tony, so maybe things had changed? He’d have to ask Tony about it at some point.
“You’re a pyromaniac.” Rhodey pointed out.
“Have I ever told you how grateful I am that we met?” He asked Tony, tugging the Billionaire closer, “I don’t think I could survived this world without you, and I don’t think I have ever been happier than I am now I’ve got you and the boys.”
“Hell Yeah!” Robbie declared proudly.
“Fine,” Pepper said, then she grinned, “No gimme all the details of your relationship thus far, I want to know everything!”
“I’m sorry I scared you.” Tony said his voice becoming hoarse, “But if that missile had blown in the city then all of us would have been killed, and a lot of others too. But that doesn’t matter now, we’re safe, it’s all over. Are you two okay, Happy, are they okay?”
“Oh okay, yay team,” Tony babbled sounding almost incoherent until Thor reminded them that they still had Loki to deal with.
“Right.” Tony said, exhaling loudly, “Instead of hanging myself, I will be in my lab building myself a chastity belt out of adamantium!”
“No, that’s great, thank you.” Steve said already planning to have Jarvis search New York for restaurants that were family run so he could look at them and any reviews they had.
“What have you told him?” Steve asked gently.
“We have to go in.” Clint said shouldering his bow.
“I’ll by fine.” Tony assured Peter, “And I believe our business here is concluded?” He looked to the Principal and the school board. “Peter may return to school?”
Natasha smirked, “I’m used to that, we both are.”
Steve hated hospitals, hated the smell of them, the too bright lights, the sound of the machines, the pain, disease, and death that lingered in the buildings.
“You know, I’m cancelling it, I’m not in the mood.” He said pushing away from the work station and patting Dumm-E as he went.
“I haven’t done anything wrong.” Peter protested a scowl stretching over his face.
“You hope.” Sam muttered faintly.
“That would be a first for your lab Sir.” Jarvis helpfully put in.
A loud and boisterous pillow fight between Thor, Zach, and Peter was filmed, feathers going everywhere and the cats running about trying to catch them.
“The fuck is this.”
“Military, Oscorp doesn’t have military contracts, do they?” Peter asked.
“Great.” Tony sighed flushing the toilet and going to the sink to brush his teeth, “So long as it doesn’t get any worse, then I should be able to get through today without ruining it for everyone else.”
“Mind your hands.” Natasha advised, “Wrap them in your shirts.”
“No, no reptile aliens.” Steve assured him glancing to Tony who shrugged,
“Which factory, where is it?” Steve asked the kids.
Tony held his gaze for several seconds before slowly releasing his wrists and returning to his limp state, allowing Steve to get his tie off and undo his shirt. He slipped the shift off Tony, swearing when he saw the bruising on the Billionaires wrists and shoulders from Maximoff’s magic. The same could be said for the bruising on his ankles which was revealed when he tugged Tony’s trousers off.
“Yes, yes we do.” Thor agreed, hoping that Zach wouldn’t ask him to explain any of the “Funny things” he’d had an excellent education on Asgard that had prepared him for practically anything. Dealing with a four-year-olds curiosity in regards to sex was not one of them.
“What!” Steve looked up sharply and yelled out a warning to Clint, but it was too late, both men were already falling through the air crashing down into the sea.
Peter snorted cider out of his nose and Zach giggled as he wiped his face.
Rogers watched Tony’s car pull away, from a window in the compound. He scowled as he saw the flashy red Aston Martin (One of the few cars Tony had that could fit two people and a baby) going up the drive.
“Uh huh, he had the Mince Pies and the sherry and the reindeer ate up all the carrots.”
“Should we round them up?” Sam asked,
Steve felt sick, he felt the bile rose up the back of his throat and had to force it back down. He heard Natasha say something Russian and Clint swear under his breath. Bruce made hasty excuses and beat a retreat from the room to go and calm down or find somewhere to let Hulk out for a while, Thor was gripping Mjolnir and looked torn between rage and tears. Tony however, he was ashen, all the colour had drained from his face, and he was shaking all over as he glared down the bed.
Steve was on the edge of his seat throughout most of the movie, fascinated by the story and even shed a few tears when M died in Bond’s arms.
“Holy crap!”
“I am honoured to meet you Son’s of Stark.” Thor said beaming at the boys.
“Has he been giving you any trouble in school?” Steve asked letting Norman go first. It wasn’t worth starting an argument over.
Steve stared at Tony then at Sharon, there was little resemblance between the two women, Sharon was fairer, the also didn’t have Peggy’s strong features or the determination on her face, but then Sharon had been born into a time when Women and Omega’s had at least some equality where in Peggy’s time, she’d had to fight for even a slither of respect.
“I didn’t mind you know.” Steve said making Tony frown, “You sleeping on me, it was nice, it made me feel….protective I guess.” He was blushing again and there might have been a faint flush on Tony’s cheeks too. Before he lost his nerve, Steve added, “When this is all over, I’d like to take you out on a date, a proper date, dinner, and a movie.” He felt like scuffing his boots on the floor like a little boy and he remembered something at the last minute, “Should I ask the Colonel for his permission?”
“There now little Stark, are you feeling better?” Thor asked once Zach’s breathing returned to normal.
Steve sat on a swivel chair before him and held up a tablet with one word on the screen, “OK?”
“Sorry you didn’t tell me, or sorry you got found out?” Steve snarled.
They’d all known some of the story of course, the parts that had been made Public, Rhodey was probably the only one who’d known it all, except Tony had never before admitted to everything that had happened to him while he was in Afghanistan, not the full extent of what he’d gone through, certainly not the rape.
Bruce was shifting nervously in his new dress shoes and Clint was running his finger about his collar only to get Natasha slapping his hand down as they waited for Tony and Steve to join them.
*****
“What about um….my schooling?”
“Kinda, my sister’s sleeping, and Mr Stark trashed her watch.”
“Of course, who else.” Tony muttered, “We’re just outside of Baku, you got a phone on you?”
“Oh baby!” Tony moaned moving to pull Peter into a gentle hug, “I am proud of you no matter what, you don’t have to prove anything to me.”
Natasha didn’t look entirely convinced, but reluctantly she turned to the computer and began to lay in a flight plan. Wanda smiled and lay a hand on Roger’s shoulder, “It’ll be okay.” She said, “We’ll recuse Bucky and take care of Stark once and for all.”
“He’s worried about Peter, terrified about Zach. He’ll call, he won’t want to take any chances.”
Rogers’ might not have mentioned Ultron by name, but it was clear that was what he meant, and it was enough to make Tony flinch and duck his head in shame.
Rhodey grinned at the interaction, it was always heart warming to see Tony interacting with Lily so easily and the baby adored him as much as she did Steve. Not that she wasn’t friendly with everyone, being the sort of baby who enjoyed cuddles and interacting with grown-ups. Which was all the interaction she had at the moment, which did make Rhodey wonder if maybe Tony and Steve would give her a sibling, if they’d ask Pepper to surrogate like had been done in Steve’s reality.
Bruce eyeballed him, “Do you want to give him the Sex Talk?”
Him as Tony Stark out on a date?
It was moving how careful Steve was being with him, how much care he was putting into his touch, holding back so he did not accidently hurt Tony, but it was not enough, Tony wanted more, wanted to be held tight, to be pinned down and owned by Steve, to be claimed by him and to feel it for hours after.
Pepper paused here, letting the reporters and journalists take their notes, shock was what most seemed to be feeling, that and disgust at Peter’s ordeal, she’d heard many gasps and moans of horror at the mention of the vivisection and severed bones. Enhanced or not, Peter was a child, no one could support such actions taken against a child, or anyone for that matter. She could hope that their horror would have them writing sympathetically, especially when she wasn’t done with the revelations yet.
Naturally, as soon as he’d been conscious he’d signed himself out of the hospital, intending to go straight back to work, but Steve had been ready for him, blocking his entry to his lab, demanding that he go to bed, get some much needed sleep and start eating properly again.
“I don’t remember where I left them.”
“I’ll call Fury.” Tony said, “Thor, I could probably get you a flight to Jane Foster.”
“Identity confirmed, bossman, where are you, the Colonel and the Avengers have a Skrull in custody whom they are interrogating.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Can we start to look into my other abilities now?” He asked, “I really want to find out how strong I am and exactly what I am capable of.”
“Shut up.” The first thug said, “All of you, shut up.”
“Stay with me tonight?” Tony asked, “I don’t want to wait a second to be with you.”
To their credit the Avengers were ready to go within six minutes of Steve calling them to assemble, hurrying onto the Quinjet that was idling on the landing pad.
"To further ensure success a secondary force shall tackle the enemy on another front, and brave the peril of a steep shaft." He tormented Tony's cock making the Omega hiccup between groans and laughter.
May exchanged a look with Bruce who looked back to Tony and Steve, “But you have had a heat while the two of you were together.”
“Yeah,” Steve said, “Well, adopted, biologically she’s Tony and Pepper’s…,” he paused, “I mean, my reality’s Tony and Pepper. She acted as surrogate for us, me and Tony I mean. I couldn’t be sure what effect the serum would have on a baby, so Tony donated… what was needed,”
On his way out of the lab he grabbed some tools that he would need to cut and stitch the Kevlar, and made a final goodnight to the bots before headed back to his room where he hid the tools and Kevlar in the back of his wardrobe and got into bed. Closing his eyes he fell asleep to thoughts of what material he could use to make the rest of his suit in.
*****
“Who’s that, is that Barton? Hey featherhead, flutter your saggy ass down to Miami and meet me there, bring agent sociopath with you.” Tony called.
Steve grunted and twisted as much as he was able, “Just about.”
“If you’d like that I’ll call my lawyers right now and get the paper work drawn up tonight.”
“Of course I have no proof.” Jarvis said, “But her powers came for her being exposed to the Sceptre, if I might suggest myself, Dr Banner, and Friday examining the Sceptre closer we may be able to discover how the Witches powers work and how to neutralize them.”
“And what do you determine hostiles to be?” Tony asked, “Loki level threats, 911, on those I’d agree with you. But what about run of the mill threats. Bank robbers, grand theft auto, hell what about kids cutting class to go and see a movie?” He shook his head, “Cap’s right, this is too much power. The UN would never support it, hell, the US Government would never get it past the Senate. All of those wankers in Congress aren’t going to want to risk having you lot spying on them while they’re enjoying a quicky in the back of a limo with a prostitute!”
“What?”
For once in his life Tony had no idea what to say, he sat there staring at Steve, wondering if anyone would mind if he just crawled into the mans lap and began to hump him in public!
The following day, Steve fashioned himself a spear from a fallen branch and waded out into the lake to catch fish while Tony hand Peter and Zach searching for light weight wood for their raft while he found vines and flexible branches to bind the planks together. It wouldn’t be a stable as it would if they were using rope, but it might hold for a few minutes.
This might also have something to do with Zach adopting him as a playmate, including him in his make believe games which also had the benefit of his becoming a frequent baby sitter, affording Tony and Steve some “Adult time.”
His hands shook as he took off his jeans and underpants to put on his trunks, “Get a grip Stark.” He chided himself, “You are just going into a lake, not diving off a cliff.” That brought back memories of the island and Clint taking him over the side of the cliff.
Natasha put on just the right amount of helpless air-head which with her batting lashes and pouting lips worked wonders on the officer. “Say, can you help me find the right place, I’ll bet a smart guy like you knows his way around everywhere.” She gave a girlish giggle and pushed her chest forward, “My Mommy always said that if you get in trouble go to a policeman because they’ll take care of everything.”
Of course in Rogers childhood it was common practise for a child to be whipped with a cane, both by their parents and their teachers at school, it was only in recent years that such things had changed and been seen as abuse.
“That will be fine, thank you,”
While they managed to save practically everyone at the expo and arrest Hammer there were two casualties. The legal guardians of a child who’d been wearing an Iron Man mask.
“Ready?” Steve asked him and Tony looked up with a smile,
Making their apologies to Clint and Pepper, MJ and Ned filed to the lift with their parents their heads hung low.
“Are MJ and Ned okay?” He asked quietly.
Ugh life lessons, Peter didn’t even bother to hide rolling his eyes, “You sound like you a quoting one of those PSA Video’s you did.” He said to Steve with a grin, “You know we get subjected to those things in school, including the sex-ed one, have you any idea how embarrassing it is to have your Dad lecturing your class on why Captain America advocates safe sex and duel consent?”
All the medical staff took hold of the patient and carefully lifted him so she could look at his back, “No exit wound, the bullet is still in there.”
“I should kick your ass for worrying me like that!” Tony sniped at him making Steve chuckle, “Fuck, babe, don’t do that to me, okay? I’ve got a heart condition, I can’t survive that shit.”
Well, technically he did, they were dating, but they hadn’t gone any further than kissing yet. Steve was very much a Gentleman, no hands below the waist, only clean cuddles, no groping under the clothes.
Had Zach been older, then Steve might have considered it, but at his it would just be too easy for Zach to get hurt and Steve would never forgive himself if Zach got so much as a scrapped knee because of him.
“I’ll help you, and you can use a chair.” Steve said, “You’ll be starting rehab soon and you’ll be taught how to move about, it’ll be difficult but you are Tony Stark, you thrive on difficult, so I know that you can and will do this, and when and if you need help I will be there to lift you, hold you, carry you, and support you, always.”
“Oh, and you’re gonna offer me a magic cure?” Tony drawled, his voice dripping with sarcasm, he yelped when a needle was plunged into his neck, “God, fuck, what are you gonna sell my damn kidneys on the black market or something? Jesus Christ.”
He then saw to his own packing, adding several vest tops he could wear on the beach with his trunks. While he was comfortable with Steve seeing the Arc reactor he wasn’t so comfortable with the rest of the team seeing it. Besides, it wasn’t good to expose such deep scars to the sunlight even with sunscreen.
“Defeated.” Tony corrected, ruffling Zach’s hair and bent to kiss Peter, “How you feeling baby?” He asked him clucking his tongue over Peter’s complexion, which to his eye was too pale and he didn’t like the dark circles beneath Peter’s eyes either.
“I know you do little Man, but he’ll be home soon.” Happy said, “And in the mean time you’ve got me, and you’ve got Dr Banner, and Peter.”
“What’s a Hard on?” Zach asked.
“Someone?” Steve had barely spoken when there was an ominous laugh and an image appeared on the screens before them, a form that Steve vaguely recognized but couldn’t place.
He was little nervous around Zach at first too, probably because he’d never been around babies before, but he soon warmed up to his new little brother and began to help Tony with bedtime stories, the two of them taking turns at reading to Zach and getting him to sleep.
“PETER!” Zach yelled at the top of his lungs, jumping off Tony’s lap and running as fast as he could to Peter’s room.
"Of course!" Zach said with indignance.
It was on the tip of Tony’s tongue to say something insulting about their Steve, but he was beaten to it by this new Steve.
“Peter’s in the hospital sleeping off a tranquilizer, Zach’s been abducted most likely by the fucking Mandarin. Now what does the military know about this fucker?”
“Well these ones still have beings living in them.”
“Do I even want to know?” Steve asked.
“I’ll tell you it in fifteen if it’ll make you believe me!” Steve snapped, “Fuck sakes!” he shoved back from the bed and began to pace the floor making Tony envy him for the ability to do so, it seemed you really didn’t appreciate being able stomp around or storm off until you were unable to do it anymore.
"It is. I scared you, the kids, everyone because I freak out in water."
“We may not have to get physical, we may not have to get any further information from it at all.”
“So we stop him.” Steve said, “We’ll stop him before he gets started.”
“At least I’ve never burned the kitchen down!”
“We know Pete.” Steve said, “Not all the bodies were destroyed when they were pulled out of the wreckage.”
The downside of the serum was that Steve didn’t need more than about four hours of sleep a night no matter how tired he became during the day, so he awoke early, or early considering how late it was he went to bed, and for a moment didn’t remember where he was. The high ceiling, the flocked wallpaper, and the large four poster bed were not what he was expecting to see when he opened his eyes and were certainly not a part of his Brooklyn apartment.
With tears in his eyes Tony would finally stumble on Steve, his broken, dying Alpha who’s own shield had been driven through his chest.
In retrospect it was not his best decision as his Malibu mansion was attacked and plunged into the ocean with Tony inside it. Jarvis managed to get him out of what could easily have become a watery grave, but then the AI fell silent, leaving Tony in Rose Hill Tennessee with a broken suit and the whole world suspecting he was dead.
“Aye let us do them together.” Thor said happily putting more on a couple of sticks to toast.
“Yeah, but I’ll all better now.” Tony said giving Steve a grin, “I’ll race you back to the Mansion.”
These people Peter had learned were the jealous ones. The ones who felt slighted by the fact he had been adopted by a billionaire and not just ended up in Care. Were envious over the fact that Peter didn’t have to worry about affording things and would likely never have to worry about finances for the rest of his life.
“Not yet.” Bruce said.
“He wanted to do this.” MJ said, “He wanted to prove that he could be a superhero like Mr Stark and Captain Rogers.”
“Can I see Peter?” Ned asked worrying his bottom lip. “I’m not trying to get out of being grounded, but I’ve gotta see Peter and say sorry, I gotta know he’s okay.”
The boat was bound for the Ukraine and didn’t have enough fuel to take Wanda and Pietro through the Bosphorus and into the Mediterranean which was where they needed to get to if they wanted to leave Europe via the water instead of the air.
“I think you need to stop or she’ll start saying that too.” Spiderman warned him, “And wow, she’s really advanced isn’t she?”
“Smart Man, I knew there was a reason I was marrying you, and just because you look hot in a uniform.”
“Sss’eve…” It was a whisper, hoarse, weak, horribly weak. Steve felt Tony’s body tense and give the smallest movement which resulted in a high pitch strangled whine of pain that set Steve’s nerves on edge.
“Umm Bossman?” Friday asked, hesitantly, “There is an Asian Gentleman in the front lobby asking for permission to access the penthouse. It seems he knows Mr Deadpool.”
Slowly he recounted Thanos’ invasion in his world. How his forces had completely overwhelmed them, how one by one everyone had fallen, including the Avengers.
“We’ll take good care of them I promise.” Steve said to Tony, kissing his cheek.
“Give it up honey, Fury’s an asshole, in fact he’s a professional asshole.” Tony said.
As always he and Ned waited until Ned’s parents had gone to bed, then Peter snuck out of Ned’s window and took off across the city. He’d become used to using his web fluid to swing himself across the city, at first it had been daunting, being so high up and relying on the webbing to keep him from splattering across the pavement, but he had quickly gotten the hang of it and now found it fun to swing from roof top to roof top.
Bruce coughed into his fist and suddenly became very interested in the journal he was reading and Happy babbled something about needing to check on the security roster making a strategic exit,
“Me and Bruce need to build a time machine so I can turn him back into a sweet nine year old then I won’t have to face any of this!” Steve laughed and held Tony in a hug, silently planning what to say to Peter.
“Ned and MJ are here, they say Peter’s in danger.”
He would not say anything to the Captain but he wasn’t going to give up. He wouldn’t give up, Steve didn’t want to go through IVF treatments anymore than he did but that was not the only thing available, he could get laser surgery to clear away the scarring and cysts, he could have a D+C done to scrape clean his uterus, he could also have drugs that would increase his ovulations, to get his remaining ovary to work better. All of this he could and would do, but he wouldn’t drag Steve into it, he would go through this on his own, it was his fault that they were unable to have a child so it was his responsibility to fix it and come hell or high water he would do so.
“Oh, you like my uniform?” Steve asked.
Tony nodded, “Sharon is Peggy’s niece.”
“You okay?” Steve asked Tony, helping him to his feet.
“Cool!” Zach yelled tearing out of the room at top speed yelling for Peter to hurry up after him.
“Not happening.” Steve growled and Roger’s stood up straighter, trying to look frightening,
“Is that a yes?” Peter asked hopefully.
Aside from thanking the well wishers on Social Media the Avengers opted to remain silent, continuing their effort to search for the Maximoffs, took care of Peter and Zach, and waited for Tony to wake up.
“I believe there may be a more personal reason for their assault upon Sir.” Jarvis explained, “It seems that when they were ten, during the civil war of Sokovia, a Stark Industries bomb was dropped on their home killing their parents. The twins were trapped in the rubble for several days before they were rescued and wound up in an orphanage until they ran away and joined Hydra.”
Tony had always had a slim but healthy body mass, enough muscle and fat over his bones in proportion to his height, he’d never been a body builder, he kept himself fit but didn’t spend hours working on it. Now though, his clothes were hanging off his gaunt frame and his bones were painfully visible.
That was what the Captain had said, and he’d looked so earnest about it, so desperate for the asset to remember him. But that was absurd, the asset didn’t have friends, people had friends and he wasn’t a person, he was just a tool, Hydras tool.
“Even if we do find Bucky.” Steve said thickly, his throat seeming to tighten as he spoke. “He’ll be no better off, will he? He’ll spend the rest of his life in prison for murder.”
“Maybe not straight to Oscorp.” Peter said, “I don’t want to try and break in there until I’ve more experience under my belt. I think I should stick with small stuff for a few weeks, stop muggers and pick-pockets, that kind of thing.”
“You’re only in your second month, you have time, options available.”
The he was being lifted, being made to sit up and face Sam as the other man spoke to him in clear but gentle tones. “Just focus on me Man, just focus on my voice and do what I am telling you. Now I want you to breathe, slowly inhale through your nose and hold it, one, two, three, now exhale counting backwards from ten as you do it. Now again through the nose, hold it, one, two, three, and exhale through the mouth counting backwards again.”
“Bring me the stone.” Ebony ordered, Glaive,
“Steef!” Zach yelled, leaping from his stool and charging full steam at Steve, who caught him about the waist and lifted him up to sit on his hip.
“I miss Mamma.” Zach said with an unhappy pout. He was sat in front of the TV watching Doctor Who. He had a panda plushie in his fist, something Tony had given him when he was a month old and he had slept with the Panda by his side ever since. The fact he was cuddling said panda now showed how much he was missing Tony, something that tugged on Happy’s heart strings, he hated seeing the Pup upset for any reason.
Natasha huffed and pushed Tony’s head back with her fingertips and proceeded to put mascara on him whether he liked it or not. “Stop blinking you’re going to look like a panda!”
“Pete.” Tony shook his head and nodded to Zach, urging Peter to stop since Zach was getting so upset.
“We have to Go to Vienna.” He said to Natasha, who rose an eyebrow, “Bucky is there, we have to save him.”
Once the three of them reached the agents they acted. Tony elbowed his agent in the gut with his good arm, grabbed the side arm as he doubled over and smashed it across the back of the agents head knocking him outcold.
Steve had made the mistake of looking up the price of one of the suits and had nearly choked on his own tongue when he’d seen the eye watering figure. He’d been too scared to wear them, worried that he’d damage them somehow, but as he walked through the hotel, surrounded by people dressed in outfits that must have cost five figures without including accessories, he wished he’d put one on.
Stark Mansion.
Zach stayed silent, even holding his breath as the men began to search through the hall, sticking his head out of his hiding spot, Zach saw the man with their backs turned to him and quietly slipped out of his hiding place, running as fast as he could for one of the storage bins in which he figured he could hide, what he didn’t count on was the wrapping wires which had been left on the floor. His feet got tangled in them and he fell with a cry, his eyes filling with tears as one of the sharp sides of the wires dug into his knees.
“What’s sperm?” Zach asked innocently.
Tony ignored the playful bickering in favour of greeting Peter and an excited Zach who ran into his arms for a hug, then slid down smushed his face against Tony’s stomach.
“I assume Tony has given the indication that he is receptive?” Steve nodded, “Well then, proceed.”
"No mercy!" Tony cried, "We show no mercy, only when we are completely thwarted shall we ever submit to an invading force."
Spitting blood from his lips and sporting a broken nose and a nasty head injury Steve staggered to his feet and swiftly moved in to disarm the man (No pun) taking the knife and gun from him, which Tony was glad hadn’t been drawn, he then reached up, deflecting the thrashing legs and pulled the mask of the man’s face letting out a gasp of horror when he saw who it was.
Inside they found Zach on Pepper’s lap showing her the work he’d been doing with Tony through out the day and Peter scrolling through social media on his tablet.
“Why kind of warfare?” Tony asked curiously.
“Cutting the alarms in five, four, three, two, Now.”
“And you are on restricted commentary.” Tony said pointing at Peter, “Stuff your mouth and shut up.”
*****
On and on they dig with more bodies coming out, these terrifying as they had at one time been human but were now mutilated and changed into something else, parts from other creatures had been grafted onto them or they had been subjected to experiments that had changed their physiology resulting in horrifying alterations and mutations.
“I won’t tell anyone.” Steve promised wishing he could be with Tony, wishing none of this was happening. “Call me after you’ve spoken to this woman and don’t go after this guy alone; you’ve got a team now, we’re all here to support you, you don’t have to do this alone.”
“Just like his Mamma.” Pepper teased. She sighed and sat up straighter, “Well, if you don’t like the psychologist idea then maybe you should let Cap give him some training.”
“I can get the nurse…”
“Think about it, Rogers.” Stark said offering him a bag of dried blueberries, “Shield is a military organisation, covert but still military. In your experience, what military organisation has ever been interested in creating clean energy sources for the planet?” Steve didn’t answer, didn’t have to, his face said enough on its own. “The only thing they are interested in is weapons.” Stark said, “And power for themselves, so they can control everything.”
Despite Steve's politeness the receptionist remained disinterested, however the middle aged woman showed that at she had a heart. "Please, I can wait, they need to be with their Son."
******
“Okay?” Steve asked as Tony let go of his hand.
“Let Pepper know it’s just going to be immediate family tonight, Rhodey, her, and Happy. Pizza and Lord of the Ring extended additions. Hey I should start reading that to you.” He said to Zach, carrying him into the bathroom, “You’re gonna love it.”
“Bet Uncle Platypus can ground you.” Zach said blowing a raspberry at Peter.
“It’ll be an obstacle course then, make the race even more fun.”
Steve stared at Bruce. Did everyone know about his crush?
“Will you help me draw a picture of Peter as Spideyman?”
“You got a call from the Hartwell clinic.” He said to Tony, “They need you to go in for additional blood tests and a scan of your ovaries, because these drugs you’ve chosen to inject yourself with, can cause ovarian bleeds and cysts.” He stared hard at Tony, “Why, why didn’t you tell me?”
“You brought this hell Stark.” Steve said to him, “This is what you deserve, murderer.”
“Holy fucking shit!” Clint breathed out.
“Where now?” He asked Jarvis, his body shaking with adrenaline.
“I have no data to corroborate an accurate answer.” Tony snorted with laughter,
“Pleasure.” Steve said, then he frowned, then he looked at Tony’s trunks, he blinked and looked again. No, he was not imagining things, there were Captain America shields on the material.
The entertainment took Tony’s mind off his roiling stomach and throbbing back, and he was able to ignore it until it was time for dinner. Then it seemed to get much worse, with the throb shifting around to start cramping in his lower abdomen.
“Steve…” He began but Steve cut him off,
“You don’t know that.” Steve said, “Peter’s old enough to make his own decisions, he would have found a way to do what he did anyway. Please baby, don’t torture yourself like this, it isn’t your fault.”
“Indeed he did Bossman.” FRIDAY said,
“What kind of experiments?” Peter asked keeping his voice low too.
“I’ve baby sat three times, changed more nappies than I want to remember, been puked on when Peter let Zach have a dozen cookies, and actually it’s four times I’ve baby sat. I baby sat you too!”
“I do not fear pain, Human swine! Do your worst, I can endure anything you could do to me.”
And that marked the start of the next sixteen years of Tony’s life.
After he’d been found nearly dead by Pepper and Coulson’s team, he’d been taken to hospital and they’d run every test imaginable, including bloodwork, the results of which Tony got back after telling the world he was Iron Man.
“You’re coming too?” Steve asked surprised.
One of the guards, probably their chief or captain or whatever spoke into his radio telling everyone to stand down and lift the lockdown on the factory.
“Wanda!” Sam cried, in horror at her actions.
Recollection of the night before came to him and he almost blushed at the thought of spending a night eating desserts and watching cartoons with grown men. Even if said grown men had engaged in a spoon fight over profiter rolls.
Steve chuckled and watched as Tony argued with Zack about the necessity for variety in the diet and how Blueberry pancakes or any pancakes were not healthy to eat every single day. Zack it seemed was quite the picky eater, as children often were. He despised practically anything green except for sugar snap peas and leeks. He did like most fruits though, only having an aversion to kiwis because he found the hairy skin scary, and cherries because he was allergic.
“Will you come with us?” Tony asked Steve. This was Steve’s first winter since waking up. So far, he’d been handling it pretty well. He had still been going out for his runs, up until the snow fall had made that impossible, he had, however suffered a few nightmares since the weather had turned so brutally cold.
“Why is this green?” Clint asked holding up a tube of colour corrector, “Seriously, do women wear green face paint?”
“Everything is going to be fine.” Steve said as he bounced a cranky Lily in his arms. She had not enjoyed flying at all, or the time change and disruption to her routine.
“Tony, Tony come in, Tony!” Rhodey bellowed into the Com, “Jarvis have you got him?”
“Are you sure you’re up for that?” Happy asked, “You’ve only just woken up.”
Steve looked at Tony and back at the director, “Tony doesn’t need taming. He’s a person not an animal. I thought those notions regarding “Breaking” Omegas were long gone.”
*****
November went past, and December drew in, bringing with it icy weather and several feet of snow that thrilled Zach. As soon as he woke up to find the world had turned white outside, he was desperate to go out and start to build snow men and go sledding, and have snow ball fights.
“A bomb maker?” One of the nurses asked, “Unplanned explosions must be a hazard of their trade.”
Natasha, having spoken with Tony when she’d heard about him enrolling Zach in a martial arts school, had bought him a karate suit.
He’d seen Stern’s arguments and couldn’t help but wonder if the old bastard was right, that he was to blame for Peter and Zach becoming enhanced; if he’d given up the suit, stopped being Iron Man when he’d learned he was pregnant with Zach then maybe Killian wouldn’t have attacked and Zach would never have become enhanced, Vanko would have lived out his days in Russia and Peter’s Uncle and Aunt would still be alive and he wouldn’t have become involved in Tony’s fucked up life or become enhanced.
“I was dropped on the head repeatedly since childhood.” Wade replied, “Mostly during very adventurous sexual positions. It brings a new meaning to the words having your brain fucked out!”
When asked what colours he would choose for Firecracker when he was older Zach had to take a few minutes and think it over before saying “Owinge.” Which was how he still pronounced Orange, “Because fire is owinge, then White for Daddy and Gold for Mamma.”
“Cut off one head two more grow in it’s place.” Zola said.
“You can’t throw him off the tower, he might land on someone and kill them.” Steve protested, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and pulling him back,
“Two,”
“If you two are quite finished with the inuendoes, we do have business to be getting on with.”
Tony blushed at the compliment and ducked his head while a smile curved his lips. He cleared his throat trying to ease the tension, “I’ll bet the fanfic writers will be going batshit insane over this. A new and hot Q, the perfect slash partner for Bond.”
“Peter!” He bellowed shoving a metal filing cabinet out of the way.
“The police are investigating now.” Steve went on, “Clint thought the explosion was a self destruct.”
Of course the alternative was that Tony had to fight for their rights, fight to protect them, well, he was prepared to fight, the problem was he didn’t have a direct enemy to fight now. This was bureaucracy, it was politics, it was legalities and trying to find compromise with people who thought they knew everything about the argument when they were only seeing one side of it.
