Death, it seemed, was merciful, even to those who didn't deserve such kindness. Cas had almost ended the world. He'd killed people and bargained with innocent lives. Dean was fighting a demon goddess right now because of Cas's weaknesses. And if the hunter did survive, and by some Winchester miracle kill the goddess, he would return here to find his friend dead.
No one paid Sam any mind as they neared and then passed by him on their way down the hill he’d just climbed. The men barely lifted their feet to walk, let alone their gazes from the ground.
He wasn’t running as much as he was throwing his weight forward and forcing his legs not to let him fall, but it did the trick. Soon, Dean heard voices. They were up ahead, just around a curve in the road. The tree-line blocked them from view.
On day three, the succubus had attempted to cut his surrender out of his skin. It hadn't worked. You can't torture a man who's been tortured in hell. But it had gotten to him. He’d been three days without water by then, and had never felt so close to death without actually dying, or, you know, without being in Death’s presence. The delirium, the pain, blood-loss, regret, they all combined into a prayer. One Dean didn't think would be heard. A prayer he wished he'd never had, because Cas had heard him, and now Cas was in the hands of the succubus.
“You should leave,” Cas said. The woman seemed surprised and glanced at the doctor. The white-haired man studied Castiel’s face before shifting his focus to Dean.
That was accurate. The Winchesters were incapable of leaving anyone in danger. The need to protect, to save, must seem like a curse to them at times. And as much as Cas may have wanted to hear, "I
Dean stopped crying—not that he was crying—his eyes were just allergic to needles repeatedly piercing his skin and muscles. The room stretched and wobbled when he opened his eyes, but he saw enough before closing them again to realize he was on his back on the table in the old man’s kitchen, still a hundred years in the past. But at least Cas was still here, too.
"Don't be an idiot, Cas," Dean says as soon as Jack is out of earshot. "You and the kid aren't safe here, and the last thing I need is —"
Dean nods, squeezing the hand on Jack’s shoulder before he gets up off the bed. He’s halfway to the door when Jack says, “Dean?”
“I don’t know, Dean,” Sam says, rubbing the back of his neck before turning back to his laptop. He shifts in his seat and starts clicking around on his computer. “I think Cas is right; this might be out of our hands.”
Cas reaches a hand out to touch his elbow. “I understand, Dean. If you want to wait until you find the right moment to propose, I don’t mind waiting along with you.”
like an idiot. He debates calling Sam about it, but decides that his little brother getting involved in his personal crisis is the last thing he wants to do, so he just waits. He just doesn’t know what he’s waiting for.
Dean sighs and concedes that’s fair. Rowena gives him a sympathetic smile before continuing, “Now, we’re hoping Amara will be strong enough to keep Chuck neutralized long enough for us to do this, but in the event she can’t, Billie and I will help.” She turns to Eileen. “Eileen, my dear, you need to constantly add the crushed rosemary and cassia into the cauldron, reciting the incantation each time you drop something in.”
Dean pales. He clenches and unclenches his hands at his side. Jack stares at him, his blue eyes widening, and Dean inhales sharply, focusing on steadying his breath. He can do this; he
“How is he still this energetic?” Dean mutters as he drops down to the table and kicks his legs up. Cas sits in the chair across from him. “You would think he would tire himself out by now.”
Dean feels something unfold in him as he looks around the room. There’s a newfound sense of hope rush through him as he watches Sam kiss Eileen and Billie exchange a handshake with Rowena. It’s not until he catches sight of Cas, his face in profile looking a bit sad that Dean comes back down to Earth. He knows it’s probably the right thing to do, the brave thing to do, for Cas to give up his grace like that, but it doesn’t mean that it’s not profoundly unfair. He watches as Cas walks out of the room towards his bedroom.
Cas just gives him a flat, unimpressed look before turning to Jack. "Jack, go upstairs to the room I have set up for you." Jack opens his mouth to argue, but Dean raises a brow at him. Jack immediately closes his mouth, grabs his laptop, and makes his way up the stairs.
Dean does know, but he also wants to be prepared. “Yeah, but he needs clothes at least. He can’t just stay in my shirt forever. What if he spills something on it?”
"That's nice," Cas says, a ghost of a smile flickers over his face. It quickly drops though, and Cas's face settles back into the same blank apathy. Dean doesn't know why he expects something else from Cas when the last time they were in the same room together, Cas had walked away and Dean had to grapple with the end of their already fractured friendship. It's like his memories fade into reality because Cas turns away from him and walks towards the stairs. Without looking at Dean, he says, "Tell Sam to reach out to me when he gets back."
“No, I’m good,” Dean tells Sam, patting him on the shoulder. It’s a ruguru in Nebraska; it’ll be a milk run for Sam and Eileen. “One of us has to be here in case Billie drops in again.”
kid. He can't expect Cas to forgive him for it, but he can help. When Cas doesn't say anything, Dean begs, "Please let me help, Cas. He's my responsibility too."
There are hellhounds because, of course, there are. Jack also eats the goddamn Occultum and disappears into thin air because, again, of course, he does. It’s actually pretty remarkable that their lives are so insane that his twenty-something presenting, three year old, pseudo-son eating a magical sphere while they’re all being attacked by hellhounds isn’t even top ten on the list of most insane things that they’ve had to deal with.
“Hold on there. You have nothing to be sorry about,” Dean says, frowning at Jack. He can feel his throat constricting, a foreboding sense of shame rushing through him.
“Sam, relax. We aren’t getting married,” Cas cuts him off. Dean freezes. Well, shit, that throws his perfect, perfect,
Billie tilts her head to the side, studying him closely. “Sorry, I can’t tell you all the pieces of the puzzle yet.” Dean opens his mouth to argue, but she raises a hand, and Dean promptly shuts his mouth. She explains, “The more information you know, the easier it will be for Chuck to figure out what’s going on. Right now, we need to take advantage of the fact that he’s off-world, and make our move.”
“Her,” Jack says, tilting his head towards the door. Billie's mouth drops open and her eyes are wide. Jack’s voice is thoughtful when he says, “I think the power would be safer in Billie’s hands. After all, she’s Death and she’s supposed to reap God one day.”
goes entirely unsaid because Dean has never been good at swallowing his pride and admitting when he's wrong. Not even when Cas stares at him expectantly. Dean tries to say something to continue the conversation, but everything he could say at that moment feels inadequate at best and actively inappropriate at worst. When Dean doesn't say anything, Cas shakes his head, like he's confirming a silent theory he had, before he turns away to look out the window.
Dean feels like he’s floating on air when he sees Jack kick a soccer ball, dribbling past two players before he puts the ball in the top corner of the net. He turns towards Dean, waving in pure joy. Dean raises his hand to wave back when Jack’s eyes glow bright yellow, the skin on his face cracking.
Dean is about to say something else, but Sam’s loud shout cuts him off. The hellhounds attacking the door are nearly through. Sam grunts, “Guys, I don’t mean to press, but this would be a really good time for a plan.”
Sam immediately whips his head around to where Jack’s voice rings out. It takes a moment for Sam to register what he’s looking at and then his face splits into a huge smile as he dashes across the room to hug Jack. He says, “I knew you’d come back.”
“I’m here,” Cas says quietly. The hand on Dean’s chest pushes him back down and Dean goes willingly, shifting so that there’s space for Cas under the sheets. Cas settles down next to him and props himself up on one arm so that he’s looking down at Dean. “I tried to make your nightmares disappear, but unfortunately, my powers aren’t what they were, and I could only manage to pull you out.”
Dean feels the heat off Cas’s body, feels the way Cas shifts to make himself comfortable. Dean stares up at the ceiling, counting backward from a hundred to one; he tries to make sense of his dreams, of Jack turning into a bomb on a soccer pitch — god, the normalcy of that; Cas’s voice ringing out in a black, empty void but Dean can’t find him no matter how hard he tries. His subconscious has a sick sense of humor. Dean lies awake, listening to Cas’s even breathing.
“Amara,” he says, feeling the same mix of fear and confusion that he always has in her presence. Except now, it’s a lot weaker than it was.
“We’re thinking about setting up a network of hunters,” Sam says over the bonfire on their last night at the cabin. “I worked with Charlie to set up an app, so we can alert hunters to cases, and whoever is in the area can take it on. It seems efficient.”
True to Jack’s words, he doesn’t want to sleep, but they do manage to get him settled on the bed in the spare room. Dean grabs extra pillows and sets them on either side of Jack, so that he won’t roll off the bed. He drops down to the mattress and Cas settles next to him, with Jack in the middle.
It’s a dull, gray afternoon; there’s storm clouds in the distance, and the air is just crisp enough to warrant a jacket — which, naturally, means that Cas has his trench coat on. It’s not a common sight anymore, but the memories wash through him when he sees Cas load up his truck. The gear and the weaponry is now replaced by two boxes of pumpkins. The wind whips through Cas’s hair when he turns around and he leans against the back of his truck. He tilts his head to the side and smiles when he sees Dean.
Four sets of eyes stare at her, waiting for her to continue, but Billie just levels an unimpressed look back at the room. Dean grumbles, “Great, thanks for the help.”
“Hey,” Dean says, faltering, and he can physically see Sam exhaling. Dean rolls his eyes. “Dude, I’m fine. I’ve been through a lot worse than —”
“Google,” Cas says, standing up and eyeing the toilet proudly. Cas flushes it once and tilts his head to shoot a crooked grin in Dean’s direction. “It’s not, as you would say, rocket science.”
When he leaves, Eileen looks at Dean over her coffee mug. She raises a brow. “I thought you said we can’t do that in public spaces.”
“Don’t be stupid, Cas,” Dean snaps, far sharper than he intends, and Cas’s eyes widen. Dean can feel his hands trembling as he continues, “You can’t let yourself burn out just to be useful, okay? I don’t give a shit if you never do anything else
Sam stares at him for a long time, and Dean can tell that he’s debating bringing up whatever he wants to bring up. Eventually, he says, “Are you sure you want to retire?”
“I’m fine. The case just took a bit out of me and I need rest,” Cas says, not quite looking at Dean. Without another word, he walks out of the room.
“Maybe,” Dean concedes because there’s very little he wants in this world more than Chuck dead. When Jack opens his mouth to say something else, Dean raises a finger.  “But, I don’t like it and neither do Cas and Sam.”
Amara laughs loudly at that. When Dean glares, her laughter turns into a small, amused smile. “You can’t destroy The Empty because it’s nothingness, but not the kind of nothingness I am. It exists as an absence of light and darkness; it’s cut off from reality, life, and God himself. So, no, it cannot be destroyed because what exists in the place of emptiness?”
When the car is loaded up, Eileen gets into the driver’s side, swapping out Sam’s auxiliary cord for an old cassette tape and Dean laughs. He pulls Sam back by the shoulder and says, “Marry her, or I will.”
“That has to be the last one for a while,” Dean says as they make their way back to the bunker. “We’ll put Jody and the girls on hunts if we need to, but until we figure out what to do about Chuck, we’re staying home.”
“Stay safe,” Cas tells him, taking a step back. Dean just blinks at him, probably for a fraction too long because Cas chuckles. “Dean, I’m currently in the process of dealing with losing my grace for good while we’re all on a nigh-impossible mission to defeat God. I’m
“That sounds like a dream,” Dean says, smiling slightly. But, there’s something else. His stomach twists. He meets Billie’s gaze, and almost instantly, her face twists in recognition of what’s to come. Still, Dean says, “And what about The Empty?”
Dean closes his eyes, knowing that at any minute, footsteps will run down the hallway and Sam will peer into the room, a look of disappointment on his face, but they won’t talk about it.
“Why would I help you destroy my brother?” Amara asks, dropping her fork to the table. She picks up her water glass and stares Dean down over the rim. “After all, you would never willingly volunteer to help kill your brother.”
Dean freezes at that. Jack raises a brow at him, challenging him to deny it, but Dean can’t. Of course, he would do it. He would lay down his own life in a heartbeat if it means that they can get Chuck. It’s funny, Dean thinks, how easily they all run towards their own deaths, but can’t accept it if anyone else makes that choice.
Sam lets out a long, heavy sigh. “Dean, do you take Castiel to be your non-lawful wedded husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do you apart?”
“You didn’t really think I’d let you prance out of here, did you?” It asks, voice cold and — well, empty. “All I wanted was to go back to sleep, but you two gnats and that boy of yours made it impossible.”
"Unbelievable," Dean says, voice rising dangerously. He throws his hands into the air in exasperation. Of course, Cas doesn't want to come back to the bunker with him.
"Fine," Dean says. If that's how Cas wants to do this, he'll play along. He needs to talk to Cas, and he needs to fix this, and if that means groveling, well, Dean probably deserves that. "If you want to be stubborn and stay here, that's fine, but I'm not leaving here without you, so you better have a couch I can sleep on."
“I don’t know — it’s hidden,” Billie deadpans. It takes all of Dean’s strength not to let out a frustrated groan. “It’s been missing for centuries. It’s sacred, potent, and dangerous.”
Jack is different. That night, Dean tries the whole kneeling over your bed and praying to God that Chuck loved and that Cas didn’t care for. He closes his eyes and tries concentrating. He’s not even sure how all this is supposed to work. He’s not even all that sure that Jack wants to hear from him considering how they left things off. Dean swallows hard, fighting the guilt rushing through him.
“There was a little bit leftover after the spell,” Billie tells him. She studies his face and Dean feels the hair on the nape of his neck stand up. Billie carries herself more like God than Chuck ever managed.
"Hello," Jack says, voice clear as day in the empty church, as he raises one hand in greeting. Dean doesn’t know what to look at; his eyes flicker back and forth between the dead body and Jack before settling on Jack’s face. There’s a lengthy silence between the three of them, but Jack steps forward and says, “I can explain.”
“Do you regret it?” Dean asks because he needs to know, because he wouldn’t be able to live with the guilt if Cas gave up being an angel just because Dean couldn’t live without him.
“Well, I do need to do my part,” Sam says, his voice trembling as well. His eyes are bright and red, and Dean knows he’s about two seconds away from choking out ugly tears in a way that only he can manage. “Dean, do you take Castiel to be your lawfully wedded husband—”
When Sam hangs up, Dean drops Jack to the floor and he immediately runs off to play with his stuffed bear. Cas lets out a heavy sigh from next to him, smiling slightly. When he looks at Dean, his eyes are practically twinkling. He says, “You’re good at this.”
“What if you can’t?” Cas asks again, wrapping his arms tightly around himself. “What if you can’t fix me?” There’s a tremble in his voice as he speaks. “What if — Dean, what if my powers continue failing and I can’t get them back?”
“Well, I’m pretty sure we’re gonna be married in heaven too, so I’m not exactly sure how death can do us apart,” Dean muses, mostly because Sam’s face is turning a bright shade of red and he’s about to throw the book at someone — probably him, if he’s being honest. When he sees Sam’s eyes twitching, he says, “I do.”
Dean puts away Cas’s trench coat in the hall closet and puts away the fishing poles and bait. He walks into the kitchen to find Jack sitting at the kitchen table, frowning at his coffee mug. When he hears Dean walk into the room, his eyes shoot up. “Is Cas okay?”
“Oh well, we could leave,” Dean snickers, as they walk down the stairs. “Sammy doesn’t get laid often, so you know —”
Dean lets out a low whistle, warming his hand on the fire. He says, “So, you’ve got it all figured out, then.”
“No,” Dean says, carefully keeping his bitterness at bay. He takes a swig of his drink, somehow wishing the whiskey would burn his insides enough for him to feel something that isn’t the impossible to grasp grief he currently feels. He turns to face Sam. “Not since he left.”
“Sorry,” Cas says, voice rough with sleep. “I struggled on the case with Claire. I don’t know what’s happening with my powers, but I can’t seem to do much of anything.”
“There’s nothing we could have done,” Dean says, more to comfort himself than anything else. Cas just sighs and gets into the car.
Cas takes a step to the side, which allows Dean to finally face Jack. He glances at Cas, expecting anger and betrayal, but instead getting a knowing look, a silent plea that Dean should do the right thing. Dean nods slowly and takes a step forward until he’s right in front of Jack. He reaches a hand out to cup Jack's face, and Jack’s eyes widen in surprise. There’s so much unsaid swimming in the blues of Jack’s eyes; the hurt, the betrayal, the
He looks at Cas again. It’s probably just a salt and burn, and it’s on the way back to the bunker, and it’s not like they have anywhere pressing they need to be. He has a lot of sympathy for Jack’s boredom too. He shrugs, smiling slightly. “What the hell — we’re due a family hunting trip, anyways.”
They get like this sometimes; infinitely comfortable in a way that Dean hasn’t been with anyone in a long time, or ever, if he’s being really honest about it. Months being apart, actively angry at each other, doesn’t change that. With his hand still on Cas’s waist, Dean takes a chance; he traces his hand along Cas’s hip bone, slides it under the hem of Cas’s t-shirt.
?” Dean asks, voice rising an octave. Cas just shrugs, go figure. Dean shakes his head. “No way. Absolutely not. You just got your strength back, and it’s not even all back.”
Dean reaches for Cas’s hand, and Cas laces their fingers together. With his free hand himself, Cas twists the vial again, the small fog floating around. He inhales sharply and squeezes Dean’s hand. When their eyes meet, Dean can see Cas’s eyes light up with hope in a way that Dean hasn’t seen for years. Dean looks away from Cas to smile at Billie. He mouths
"As you wish," Cas says before leaving the room. Dean watches him walk up the stairs before turning back to painting.
Dean looks up to see Rowena standing in the war room, her hands on her hips and a bright smile on her face. Dean gapes; this is the first time he’s seen Rowena since she died, and she looks more alive than ever. He glances at Sam, who can’t keep the smile off his face.
When Jack stares at him expectantly, Dean sighs. “You’re right, I would do it.” Jack tilts his head in quiet triumph and Dean shakes his head. “But, I’m not exactly a role model, Jack.”
“I need you guys to help me pick out a ring for Eileen,” Sam says as his face breaks out into a grin. “I’m thinking about proposing.”
“Probably the doubts they had, but were too scared to question Heaven. Some probably thought about falling but didn’t out of fear and others probably regret not giving humans a chance,” Cas says. “I don’t think many of us were happy blindly following orders, but we didn’t know better.”
There’s a lengthy pause and Dean can feel Cas steady his breathing against him. Eventually, he says, “The Empty.”
Dean grasps him gently around the waist and lifts him up easily, and Jack settles back into his arms, letting out a wet yawn against his shoulders. He stirs a bit, pulling a loose string from Dean’s shirt, but otherwise seems content with Dean lightly bouncing him as he paces the room. It takes about ten minutes, but Dean can feel Jack’s breathing steady; when he looks down, Jack is fast asleep, bringing his thumb unconsciously up to his mouth.
Dean feels the wetness on his face as he tucks up against Sam. He’s shaking and he can’t find the words anymore. He thinks he sobbed out something along the lines of
,” Cas says, nostrils flaring immediately. Okay, well, that’s fair. Dean immediately raises a hand in surrender. Cas just rolls his eyes. “I have a feeling that this is an expected side effect of Heaven losing its strength and Chuck’s bullet wound.”
“I am,” Cas confirms. He tilts his head towards Dean. “The thing I still don’t understand about being human is how I could be so profoundly happy, but still feel sadness at certain things.”
There’s a vague buzzing sound, like a fly out of reach, and Dean’s heart lurches; hoping against hope, he thinks it’s Cas, but no matter which direction he looks at, he can’t see anything. There’s a flicker of movement in the distance, and the terror rises through him as he takes each nonexistent step. The movement disappears into nothing, the sound recedes into eerie silence, and Dean keeps walking. He tries keeping track of the time, but it could be minutes or hours or days, and Dean has no way of realizing it.
“I don’t know why we couldn’t have slept in a little longer,” Dean grumbles as he pushes the cart through the local grocery store. It’s eight in the morning, which is entirely too early to be functional, let alone doing anything productive.
Dean shrugs when Cas looks at him, not even bothering to deny that. Billie continues, “I’m also not sure that The Empty would be keen on giving up the only being who has ever escaped for a second time.”
“Yeah, well, Metatron did a number on him and now Heaven isn’t what it was,” Dean explains, trying not to give away how much that thought freaks him out. “At some point, I’m pretty sure all the remaining angels are going to be human, more or less.”
“You know, Sam was going to college to become a lawyer, but eventually he realized that he really liked hunting,” Dean explains. “If you decide you don’t like school or that you would rather hunt, then you can always drop out, and we’ll get back on the road.”
It’s not surprising that the Men of Letters couldn’t compile information about The Empty considering that the only beings to enter it are dead. Cas knows more about it than literally anyone else, and yet, even Cas doesn’t know much. Dean flips through countless manuscripts, but everything turns up a dead end. Every religion on Earth has some form of void before creation — but there are no notes, no spells, no solutions, nothing that can help Dean. He doesn’t know how many hours, maybe even days, he spends on it, and yet, he makes no progress.
Eileen shakes her head. Dean eyes his watch and mentally tries calculating how long it would take to drive back from Santa Fe, but feels the worry curl in his stomach anyways. They have Billie with them, which is always an insurance policy, but that should mean they would be back quicker, right? He doesn’t get to spiral because right at that moment, Billie transports back to the bunker; Jack immediately drops to the ground while Cas hobbles to a chair.
Cas clears his throat and Dean can feel his own close up. Cas says, “You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know, Dean. Ever since we met and ever since I pulled you out of Hell, knowing you has been the best part of my life. You changed me, Dean. You’re the love of my very long life, and I cannot wait to spend eternity with you.”
This time Cas does smile for real, the corners of his eyes crinkling slightly, and Dean feels a sudden rush of warmth at the sight. He hates the thought that Cas isn’t smiling all the fucking time, and it’s probably his fault more often than not.
“Jack still has his grace,” Cas explains. “It’s similar to how Metatron dumped pop culture references into my brain, though those are fading now. Although, I can’t say that I mind too much considering Metatron’s taste.”
“If we play our cards right, we got decades ahead of us,” Dean muses, more than a little giddy at the idea. The rain settles into a light drizzle and an idea flashes in his mind. He reaches out to take Cas’s hand, pulling him up. “I know I say no chick flick moments, but I’ve always wanted to try this.”
“I don’t have control over The Empty and neither does my brother,” Amara says with an air of finality. Dean sighs, dejectedly. After a moment, Amara continues, “However, I suppose the one weakness, if you can call it that, is that human souls can’t exist in The Empty.”
“When it came down to it, you couldn’t do it,” Jack says, smiling faintly. He runs a hand through his hair and looks up at Dean when he says, “Dean, when I think about you, I don’t think about all that. I think about all the time that we spent together, and how you’ve taught me valuable lessons. No matter how you see yourself, all I see when I look at you is my father.”
“He’s a baby, Sam,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. “It’s not like we’re facing an apocalypse. We fed him, Cas gave him a bath, and now we’ll put him to sleep.”
Silently, Dean fixes up food. He makes makeshift burritos from the things in the fridge and takes out a bag of chips. He drops them in front of Jack, and settles down across from him at the table. Jack’s face grows pensive as he eyes the food for a moment before taking one of the burritos. A brief flare of anxiety ignites in Dean’s gut. He could spend the rest of his life apologizing to Jack, and he still feels like he could never atone for everything.
Anger flares in Dean before he can control it. It’s not that he blames the kid, but he’s had a lifetime of goodbyes and he’s not sure he could handle another one. Thankfully, Sam is there and he reaches out to place a hand on Jack’s shoulder.
Jack has the EMF meter out as soon as they’re out of Patricia’s sight. He strolls around the kitchen, wrinkling his nose as it beeps, and Dean knows that he should probably pay more attention to the ghost inhabiting the house, but he’s more interested in the kitchen cabinets. They’re a boring brown and definitely in need of a paint job, but they’ll do the job. The refrigerator is functioning, even if it’s not the industrial one that the bunker has; there’s a dishwasher, ample counter space, and a functioning oven. The tiles on the floor are cracked, but it’s nothing that they can’t fix.
“Wait,” Cas says hesitantly. Dean turns to look at him, and the visible tension in Cas’s face lets down just a fraction. "There is a second bedroom upstairs. I can sleep on the couch. It’s not like I need much sleep."
He feels Amara’s eyes boring into him. When he meets her gaze, he can see the softness in her eyes. She says, “The angel, Castiel.” Dean nods, unable to say anything else. Amara tilts her head and squints at him. “I wondered what it was about the angel that made it impossible for me to get through to you, but I see it now.”
Dean watches Cas walk down the hallway to his room, shutting the door behind him. He turns around and sets out to find Jack, and manages to locate him in the kitchen. He’s eating cereal straight from the box, and when he spots Dean, he tilts his chin up and smiles.
“We’re not — no, we didn’t,” Dean manages to choke out through the whirlwind of emotions racing through him at light speed. Jack squints at him in confusion and Dean feels his entire face warm. “He probably thought it was an easier way to explain our family than to get into it.”
They take on a case in Arkansas that involves a creature feeding on young children. At first, Dean didn’t know why they were taking on cases when they have so much on their plates, but he’s never been able to turn away from cases that involved children. Cas and Jack come along, even though both are still limited. Eileen also tags along, and she’s easily the best of them right now. It’s a tense case, drawing on all their emotions, and rendering them exhausted by the end of it.
"So, when are we heading back to the bunker?" Dean asks Cas when Jack hangs up the call. Cas doesn't look at Dean and instead exchanges looks at Jack, a wordless conversation passing between the two. Dean frowns. "What?"
“You’re not broken, Dean,” Cas tells him and Dean’s eyes snap up to meet his. Cas’s eyes are a warm blue, eternally compassionate. He says, “I’m real, Dean. Jack is real; Sam, Eileen — we’re all real, Dean and we all love you. That’s all that matters.”
"And I know you care about him," Sam says with careful, practiced patience that only Sam can really manage. There's another lengthy pause. Sam clears his throat. "Dean, I didn't want to bring this up because it's none of my business, but I remember how you were when Cas died, and I know whatever you have with him, it's a hell of a lot more than you have with anyone else in this world."
Dean looks at Cas, who nods. They move so that they’re standing on either side of Jack. Cas reaches out to take Jack’s hand while Dean places a hand on Jack’s shoulder.
The next time Dean wakes up, it’s in a bed in one of the bedrooms. He could hear the wind blowing outside, rattling the window panes. Next to him, he can feel the coldness emanating from the empty spot where Cas should be, but currently isn’t. Dean slips out of bed, throwing his robe on, and walking out into the quiet house. The rain drumming on the roofing, slowly escalating from quiet pings to something more drastic, is the only sound to spread through the cabin. He tip toes into the living room where Jack and Claire took a couch each. From the drawn curtains, he can see the porch light on.
There’s a park at the edge of town. Dean usually walks Miracle down the dirt path behind the bunker and back, but he takes her down the road today, and turns towards the park. For a town with only a couple hundred residents, the park is always busy. There’s a food stand selling fries and burgers, children running around, and dogs that Miracle wags her tail at. After two laps down the path, Dean gets fries and drops down onto one of the park benches. Miracle settles down at his feet.
“We’ll see,” Cas says, and there’s a vague challenge in there somewhere, and Dean knows that they’re going to be arguing in the bedroom aisle of a Target very, very soon.
Before he can say anything else though, Eileen strolls in with two guns in hand. She smirks at Dean and says, “I’m stealing these.”
“I thought I had — something with Cas, but I was wrong,” Dean says hesitantly. He runs a hand over his face. This is
“You will not,” Cas mumbles into his pillow. “Sleeping is one of three human activities that I’ve made my mission to experience more of.”
“You saw him, Sam,” Dean argues, his voice becoming increasingly frenzied. “There’s no stopping him when he gets like that.”
Jack gives him a look, very clearly not buying that, which Dean supposes is fair because he has no fucking clue how they’re going to do that, but there’s a lightness between them now. Dean watches fondly as Jack picks up another cookie, biting into it with a smile. Dean stares at him for too long, he knows, but it’s been a long time since he’s had a chance to do this with Jack. It’s always been one of Dean’s favorite things; he would sneak Jack out on a hunt and they would come back to the bunker and eat sugary cereal. Sam would hate it because, of course, Sam would hate it, but Cas would catch them and smile that half-smile of his before joining them quietly. Dean picks up a cookie, smiling wistfully at the memory.
Billie takes a step forward and places a finger on Cas’s forehead. She says, “You now have a human soul, Castiel.”
Cas's eyes widen in surprise before settling into something more knowing, the corners of his mouth lifting into a small, sad, smile. Dean feels a glimmer of hope as he opens the door leading into the building, ready to flash his badge.
Dean can see Jack attempting to download the app on his phone, and exchanges a quiet look with Cas. They haven’t talked about a full retirement yet, but it’s in the cards. Dean knows that he probably has some civic duty to hunt, but all he wants to do is stay home, curled up with Cas and argue about what show they’re watching on any particular night. They know that they can’t stop Jack, if that’s what he’s interested in, but Dean still worries about it.
“Actually, on second thought, maybe you should take him with you. All he does is play that game,” Dean grumbles. Sam’s eyes light up with amusement and Dean shakes his head, “Man, I’m old now.”
,” Cas argues, cutting her off, his eyes flaring dangerously. “You’re the only one who can reap God.” Cas pauses to look at Billie. The anger in his face dissipates and it’s replaced by a look of pure desperation. “You know that there’s another way. It might be harder, it might be more dangerous, but it exists, and we’re begging you to consider it.”
Billie shakes her head. “Theoretically, he should be fine. I’m sure that there could be some physical side effects for a while, but nothing that would leave long term damage.”
Sam pinches the bridge of his nose and lets out an exhausted sigh. "Dean, whatever you said to him, I'm sure you guys can fix it. You always do."
“It has to be perfect,” Dean exasperates. Sam lets out a very undignified snort. Dean glares. “I mean, it’s what he deserves, right? I’ve been a pretty big disappointment for years.”
“Dean,” Sam says after a moment. His voice is hesitant and quiet, and Dean pointedly looks away from where his brows draw together in concern. He tries again. “I thought he’d —”
Cas breathes in and closes his eyes. When he opens them again, there’s tears pooling in the blue expanses of his eyes. “It’s not so much when as much as it’s how — the deal was that The Empty would be summoned to take me when I experienced a moment of true happiness.”
He tells Jack about how he’s the angel that saved Daniel, but it wasn’t at Chuck’s orders. Cas tells stories about creation and destruction; he talks about the first mountains forming and the first bacteria coming to life. Dean doesn’t know if Jack is registering anything, or if it’s all going over his head, but Dean can’t look away. Cas isn’t a man of many words, and Dean always wants to ask him about his life before he raised Dean from Hell, but it never felt appropriate. He knows he’s staring at Cas, but he can’t draw his aways away from how the corners of Cas’s eyes turn downwards wistfully.
Cas lifts his head to finally look at Dean. He studies Dean, his blue eyes unreadable. Eventually, he says, "I know."
"Gone?" Sam asks, slowly. Dean can see the muscles in Sam’s face twist in concentration, as if he’s debating whether the topic is worth the hassle. Dean wishes he wouldn’t, but Sam has never been particularly good at letting go. "Are you two okay?" Sam eventually asks, ignoring Dean’s silent glare.
Sam chokes out. Dean snickers. Sam’s eyes widen and then narrow. “That’s a dead-end then. Ruby’s been dead for a decade now.”
"Hey," Dean manages after a moment, unsure of his voice. Cas tips his head to the side but doesn’t say anything. Dean tries again. "I tried calling."
Later, they drive to the house together and Dean gives Sam the grand tour. As expected, Sam criticizes all their design choices, but particularly Dean’s, which is totally unfair. When he notices the pointed lack of alcohol in the kitchen, he flashes a proud smile in Dean’s direction and Dean has to duck his head in embarrassment, but Sam keeps giving him knowing looks.
That’s the other thing — Jack takes to school like a fish to water. When he came home after his first day, he told them that he’s joining the school choir, which naturally means that Dean and Cas have to go to every one of his rehearsals. The other parents give Cas funny looks because he insists on recording everything that Jack does, and Dean knows how it looks. Jack, for all intents and purposes, is a teenager, but he’s also a toddler and sue them for wanting to do the normal thing and experience everything and record everything. When Dean brought up sports, Jack couldn’t have looked more disinterested, and Dean drops it. He’s never been one for sports, either.
Dean swallows hard and blinks away the emotions threatening to break through. He chokes, “You can’t just say things like that.”
Dean pales. His throat constricts and it takes all his effort to say,  “Yeah, well. It’s not easy knowing that he sacrificed himself to save me.”
“I fell asleep,” Cas says, tilting his head quizzically, and meeting Dean’s eyes briefly before averting them to his hands. “It’s been happening a lot more recently.”
But, of course, Eileen is Sam’s girlfriend, and she’s bound to pick some things up from him. She waits a lot longer than Dean thought she would, but halfway through their fourth episode together, Eileen lets out a sigh.
Cas doesn’t look convinced, but he doesn’t say anything. Instead, he paces the kitchen, humming a tune under his breath. Dean wonders whether Cas can sing and what he would need to do to hear it if he can, but he doesn’t get a chance to think about it too long because the soup starts bubbling on the stove. It’s
“Oh, you’re awake,” Jack says with some surprise. He leans against the kitchen island, where Dean places the cookie tray to cool.
There’s no response for a long time and Dean figures Cas is asleep, but then Cas turns on his side so that he curls up against Dean, half on top of him. When Cas blinks at him, the blue irises of his eyes glimmer in the dark. Dean twists so that he has one arm around Cas’s shoulders. In any other universe, in any other situation, this would be
“We’re in a grocery store, Cas,” Dean says, swallowing hard, and looking away. “It’s not exactly the best place for that.”
Cas is really handy, which is surprising because Cas is pretty terrible at anything involving actual house work. The number of times Dean walked into the kitchen to find terribly washed dishes and even more terribly categorized spices is enough to drive him insane. That’s also saying nothing of the clothes on the bathroom floor and the coffee mugs on the side table; but, when it comes to fixing a roof or replacing a toilet, there’s nobody better than Cas.
“Eating and sex,” Cas tells him, swatting his hand away, not opening his eyes. Well, okay then. Cas likes sex. He can work with that, maybe. One day. Dean leans back against the headboard. Cas’s breath immediately steadies again; he’s not asleep, not really, but Dean can tell that he wants to rest a bit longer.
They can’t hunt with a child, which he knows, but he also doesn’t want to leave Jack’s side because Jack is looking up at him with big eyes that might be too big for his face. Before he can consider the merits of his idea, he says, “Alright, Sam can go after the demigod, and Cas and I can watch over Jack.”
. It's not like this is anything new. Cas practically makes it his mission to leave every chance he gets, so really, it's Dean's fault for getting his hopes up. But for a moment there, he really thought that getting Jack back would change things. He glares at Cas again.
Cas is curled up tightly in one of the chairs in the library, using his trench coat as a blanket. Sam is sitting at the table, laptop opened in front of him, and Dean drops down across from Sam, opening his own computer. Dean watches Cas rub his eyes, attempt to crack his knuckles, mutter something to himself, and change positions in the chair. It’s only after Cas lets out a frustrated sigh that Dean finally asks, “Are you okay, buddy?”
But it's too late to regret now, he's had his chance to make it worth it, to live beyond the pain. He had dreams and was ready to consider that maybe the hunt was no longer his place, it no longer made sense. After Chuck no longer controlled the story he could really feel free will, he could even taste his freedom, he felt like he could grab it in his hands, it used to be latent, but then it came to the surface with an intensity that he had never experienced before was clear as day. After Chuck's veil of control fell it was all different and at the same yet. Cas...
He watches Cas wake up, he scratches his eyes impatiently and almost taps the device to stop it making noise, Dean laughs lightly at that
—Sorry, it was stupid to think I would be okay after I let you in…I never let anyone in the way I let you and I'm not talking dirty to you man.-  He smiles despite the pain, and that elicits a painful smile from Cas as well.
!- Jack says with a conviction he has never seen before. He can see that Jack has never been so sure of anything as he is now.
After a while of driving a little aimlessly and still a little dazed from being in heaven and dying so stupidly, a rookie mistake was what killed Dean Winchester, the guy who even opposed God, dead.
—Why are you angry?- Cas asks, his heart breaks a little to see all the feelings of anger, anguish, and shame that grip Dean right now.
—Can I come inside?- The angel asks so politely through the moans that it pulls a smile from Dean that instead of answering he just hugs him tighter with his legs making the angel come instantly. He exclaims the blonde's name as his sweet warm release invades Dean who moans contentedly as he feels the liquid invading his body.
—Look...Just because I'm a waitress magnet doesn't mean I'm straight...I just don't walk around waving the flag of pride- He smiles uncomfortably, saying those words out loud is something that he never thought he would, but he trusts his angel.
—Ohh Yeah, like a baby and you? Ahh... it's Cas doesn't sleep- She immediately corrects herself giving the angel a slight smile.
—It's okay Cas...Don't worry, we're friends, remember?- He regrets saying it, looks like he's closing a door, but what can he say? They really are friends above all else and he just wants to make sure that whatever this is their friendship is important. Cas seems to understand as he smiles and the silence is no longer uncomfortable although it is heavy.
. When he comes strong, that emotion hits him and he lets some tears fall as he calls out to the angel's name.
—Cas...Just stay and shut up- He says pulling a sheet angrily and lying on Cas's chest snuggling and the angel just accepts his win again and shuts up enjoying the proximity and sniffing the top of Dean head. He's drunk enough not to want to protest to this so he just hugs him tighter, for now, he wouldn't think too much about it and would allow himself, tomorrow is another day.
Before Sam can say anything more unfilter in a prayer, Cas appears behind them watching with a smile as the two teasing each other like two brothers who don't even look like they ever are apart for years. Time in this place means nothing and means everything at the same time.
He knows for sure as Dean sinks fingers into him and moans his name that's all he can get from Dean, is the rough sex and the orgasms, Dean will never love him the same way he loves him, he's too worried thinking about what a guilty pleasure this is, buried too deep in his insecurities, fears, and self-hatred, being an imperfect yet perfect human that he loves so much.
The Empty must be laughing at him right now, because it's really a horrible feeling all these things, put your heart out of your chest and be so exposed and feel happiness in the purest way possible, accepting yourself, overcoming your fears, accepting the feelings of the human who been your friend and family for so long, to in the end read all the signs so wrong. It's really embarrassing and frustrating and Dean is right, it's going to take a while. He really won't be taken
—And why are you saying this as if you're announcing that someone has died… Is it that bad?- Dean laughs briefly, almost snorting, frustrated he takes the hand that was next to Cas
—Damn Dean! You're so hot... - He pauses for a moment to exclaim this and pulls out a laugh followed by a moan from Dean, he's close, he can feel it coming, it's going to give in a few beats, the sensation of amateur tongue and skillful hand is amazing and even more amazing for being Cas. He was almost over the edge for a long time, as he touched him in the shower and felt him tremble and moan.
—Take it easy baby...Relax!- Although it sends him waves of wild pleasure when someone chokes on his cock he wants Cas enjoying the moment too and seems to be because he can feel Cas hum a moan against his hard cock and it elicits a moan from him too. Watch the ex-angel delighting as he tastes it is something he thought would never happen, but here he is eagerly pounding his fist and tasting his flavor.
He sinks his face into Dean's chest for a second. Dean feels his chest fill with tenderness for the man who buried himself in shame now, he worries, for a moment he thinks Cas is crying, but he's just laughing hard against his chest and pulling Dean's smells toward him.
—Yes, yes I will…You're going to need a safe word to make me stop.- He says playfully and Dean gives a short laugh and says seriously.
—That's totally understandable Dean, you're new here and I'm a complex creature for human eyes, you'll get the hang of it.- He says lovingly placing a gentle kiss on Dean's lips that wraps around the angel's waist pulling him closer. He looks into Cas's eyes for a moment and just enjoys it like he never allowed himself before when he tried to hide his adoration
—Dean? Wha-- Before he can say something Dean's lips are against his, Cas stops,  surprised, and backs away from it scared. Dean immediately embarrassed and slightly frustrated says.
! I love you!- He says with teary eyes trying not to cry, and Dean just looks at those puppy dog eyes and can't contain what he wants to say anymore.
—I'm aware of your…preferences.- Cas says slightly hesitantly despite the clear raw excitement this brings him and Dean gets slightly shy and says.
—I've always wanted to do that-  he says smiling, pulling a surprised look from Cas. Dean continues kissing the angel's hand and Cas wraps it around his face and the back of his head, contouring his lips with her thumb making Dean sigh as he closes his eyes and opens his mouth slightly. They look at each other, and it's hot as lava, lust making their hearts pound. Dean wraps his lips and tongue around Cas's thumb and suddenly Dean is against the side of the Impala that was a few meters away, it's so strong that the vehicle creaks a little and the rear side window breaks. Dean moans pleasurably with the angel's urgency, it's rude but not unpleasant, on the contrary...Cas invades Dean's mouth with his tongue eagerly, he stops the kiss abruptly and before Dean can protest about the broken glass Cas snaps fingers and fix that.
If anyone has ever made a fanfic with a plot similar to this, let me know I want to read it, I desperately need it. Over 100,000 fanfics on ao3 about Destiel to read, who has the time?
—What if The Empty finds out what I've done and finds a way to hurt the people I love? Send some demons that are awake back, we know he can! He sent me back when I was awake! It's not worth the risk, I'm not
—Dean…- Cas moans the name in a pleading and inviting way, and the blonde without a second thought gets rid of the only piece of clothing he currently had, and Cas looks at him completely, his lustful gaze wandering all over Dean's body and before he can form a thought the other joins him in the shower very close by getting wet all over.
Maybe, it's really unrequited, maybe Dean is unable to reciprocate his feelings. Maybe all the love he'd felt coming from Dean all these years was nothing less than brotherly love. The longing he saw Dean feel every time he stared at him was pure lust because his male vessel was attractive to him. Every time Dean touched himself thinking about him and ended up praying without meaning to, they were just fantasies. Dean never tried anything with him after all.
—I'm not afraid to fuck with you tonight if that's what you're asking, wouldn't it be my first time...riding the horse- He's obviously nervous when he says this and Cas notices that despite what he says his tone is uncertain.
—Cas! Wow! Okay, nothing to be ashamed about, I'm actually flattered. If I do this without touching you, imagine the orgasms you'll have when I blow you!- Imagining this tore a low and involuntary moan from Cas's throat, he is immediately shy, the moan of pleasure becomes a complaint.
he wants to say but hesitates, but Sam knows exactly what Cas is talking about, Dean when he was extremely pissed and drunk, almost fainting the day Cas told Dean what his happiness would be, he said it, he blurted it out, Sam believes his brother doesn't even remember saying that on the day in question, or if he remembers and pretends not to, but he has useful information that can get Cas out of this. He just says.
—It helps, your ass is hot and wet like a pussy…If I close my eyes it's not even that gay- Cas isn't sure how to feel about that hurtful little comment, but if there's something he does for sure is accepts who he fell in love with.
—Cas!- He calls out her name whimpering in raw pleasure and laughs openly as the angel starts to shift and smack against his hip mercilessly, he looks back catching the angel's gaze. Cas leans down to place a path of kisses down Dean's back and moves slowly sending little waves of grace against Dean's prostate. Dean rolls his eyes and moans hoarsely, it's overwhelming.
when he broke free of Lucifer's control. Dean called him to see a movie in his room and Cas went, he really didn't want to be alone with Dean, he was afraid he couldn't contain his feelings. They were finally taking a break from the craziness that was their lives and he thought that what happened in that motel room that day could somehow repeat itself, but Dean had totally closed that possibility now putting him in the
—Let's go to my room to talk, Cas, we need some privacy.- He says giving his brother a glare with a sweet voice caressing Cas's face briefly. Sam just shrugs laughing proudly, wearing his bitch face.
—You shouldn't have taken the memory of what we lived away, I handled it badly, like a stupid bastard I know, but I love you, I told you that, we would handle it together like we always do when things go to hell, you know I'm incapable of giving up on you, don't you?- Dean says lovingly holding Cas's face between his hands, he has an overwhelming urge to kiss him deeply now, but that can wait, for the first time Instead he's going to make it right with Cas and actually talk to him before wanting to invade his body and indulge in passion.
—Yes, Sam, he is. Want me to take you to him?- Sam cracks a smile and nods his head positively. Cas pauses two fingers on Sam's forehead and he's gone, a smile on his face.
—Dean has too much guilt resisting to stay...- He says gently guiding Dean's head to rest on his shoulder lovingly stroking his hair and exchanging a look with Sam -Don't worry, I'll take care of him, there's nothing you can do to fix it, you've actually helped him more than you think.- Dean smiles lightly against Cas' shoulder.
He so wanted to be able to say how much it means to him, but he knows it would only drive Dean further away, he knows, he knows Dean, what happened today took a toll on his emotions, however much he would never admit it and tell it to anyone who asked that it was just sex and it didn't have a greater meaning, but he knows that would be a lie, they both know.
, he thinks because he will. He’ll be fine because Cas is here and Cas doesn’t think he’s broken. “Thank you, Cas.”
” Cas bites out. If he didn’t know Cas better, Dean would assume he’s angry; but, he does know Cas, and he knows the desperation.
Dean doesn’t know what to expect when Cas calls in the middle of a routine hunt insisting that they have an emergency at hand, and that Dean should return to the bunker immediately. He barely makes it into the bunker before he freezes on top of the stairs, nearly causing Sam to collide into him.
When Dean looks at him, he sees Cas smiling fondly at Jack, and Dean feels a light flutter in his chest at the sight. Fatherhood is a good look on Cas. It’s remarkable how quickly he fell into the role as soon as Jack was born, never once questioning his place in Jack’s life. There were growing pains, like with all things, but Jack knew what he was doing when he chose Cas, and Cas has never let him down.
Sam. We never fucking do! Every time we think we solve one problem Chuck and the universe throw at us, we open ourselves up to another problem and — and, it’s never us who suffers because Chuck wants us to kill each other.” Dean feels a tremble rising through him again. “It’s the people who we love and who love us that always die.” He hesitates before he chokes, “It’s always Cas who dies and no matter how hard I try, I just can’t save him.”
At that moment, Dean really regrets not buying parenting books because Jack stuffs his hands into his pocket, pointedly looks down at the ground, and says nothing for a long time. Dean feels a pang of worry rush through him, his stomach sinking. He looks at Sam and hopes that his brother would have an answer because he’s always been better at this than Dean.
"That's fair," Dean says. It can’t be easy for either of them. Claire is trying really hard to come to terms with her father’s death, and Cas’s role in it; Cas, for his part, is trying desperately to be there for her. It’s just complicated.
“Wake up!” Jack says again, and this time it’s a demand, or as demanding as a two year old can manage.
Cas lets Jack hold on to his hand as he curls up again . He yawns once more before closing his eyes. It’s not long until he’s sleeping again. Dean feels the heaviness in his eyes, and he desperately tries to stay awake, but he can feel the sleep taking over. He nods his head down, but snaps it up again, but he can feel his eyes dropping immediately.
Jack just sticks his tongue out and starts running again. Dean lets out another heavy sigh and chases after him; being a nephilim probably lends itself to automatic speed because Dean thinks he’s fit and fast, but he’s nothing compared to Jack, who is all of two years old. If that wasn’t enough, every so often, Jack remembers he can fly, which makes the situation entirely more complicated.
“Woah, indeed,” Billie says, after a moment. She’s smiling down at her hands. “Well, this is certainly new.” She smirks at them. “I think I like this.”
They all pile into the infirmary. Rowena and Billie stand in the doorway looking into the room while Sam sits in his chair, with Eileen leaning on the desk. Cas sits by Jack’s bedside; Dean watches Cas as he gently brushes the hair out of Jack’s face. The lines of worry are etched all over Cas’s face, the corners of his eyes crinkling. Dean paces around until he eventually sits on the other side of Jack’s bed.
“I do,” Dean says swiftly with no hesitation at all. “If there’s one thing I know I want to do, it’s that.”
“That’s bullshit and you know it,” Dean shouts, throwing his arms up in exasperation. “You told me that locking myself up in a Ma’lak Box was the only way to stop Michael, but turns out, that wasn’t true. There has to be another way.”
, he thinks, but he doesn’t have to worry because he lands in the bunker, hitting the floor hard. Next to him, Cas is lying on the ground. Above him, a puff of black smoke rises up through the roof of the bunker.
For a moment, Billie looks uncertain, but she takes a step forward. She reaches a hand out and Jack places his hand in hers; a burst of light explodes out of their hands, but it clears quickly, and in its wake, Billie practically glows.
Cas huffs out a laugh, and Dean can see the tips of his ears turning pink. He smiles, patting Cas on the back.
There’s a heavy silence between them as Sam goes back to typing something on his tablet and Dean tries cooking. Sam is the one to break it when he says, “We could try Jack.”
Dean tries to follow them out, but Cas pulls him back. Dean hesitates, quirking a brow. Cas says, “His soul is back.”
“Yeah, I’ll call her,” Sam says with a nod. He’s quiet for a moment, and Dean thinks that’s that; he’s made it through another half assed conversation,  and he could dissociate from the world again, but of course, Sam never lets anything go. He says, “What about you?”
The video itself is self-explanatory — Jack enters a doctor's office, speaks to the doctor in question before the camera glitches out. When the camera comes back on, Jack is sitting on a chair, eating a heart that clearly belonged to the doctor. Dean shudders, trying to keep himself from gagging. He's seen some whacked out, straight up insane things, but that's definitely up there on the disturbing scale. He stares at Cas for any kind of explanation that could make sense of it all.
Jack’s face closes off immediately. His eyes dart around for a moment before settling on Dean’s face. He explains, “Well, I knew Chuck could resurrect angels from The Empty and I knew I was able to do that before I absorbed his power, so as soon as I saw that you were struggling, I tried pulling Castiel out.”
“Couldn’t sleep,” Dean admits. Jack takes one of the cookies and bites of a corner. For a fraction, his eyes light up, and Dean smiles to himself. “Good?”
Cas doesn’t actually want a reply, though, because he pushes himself off the stool and walks out the kitchen without waiting for Dean to say something. Dean feels like an empty shell as he follows Cas out to the living room where Cas has a duffle bag packed. He watches Cas pick up his angel blade; he eyes it with a focused intensity that Dean has only ever seen in battle. Cas doesn’t look at Dean, doesn’t say a word — hell, he doesn’t move. The air between them is so brittle that it could snap at any moment, and if it doesn’t, Dean feels like he would.
It’s unbelievable, really, how there’s always a new obstacle. Every time that they take two steps forward, there’s a cosmic force pulling them apart. Dean feels the bitterness creep through him; they never had a chance. Through purgatory and death, through heaven and hell, through every goddamn apocalypse thrown their way, they tried and tried and tried. Now, there’s
Dean is six months sober, which is six months longer than he ever thought he would be. The reception, hastily thrown together in their backyard, has a makeshift bar that Eileen is at, but when he walks up to it, she just hands him cranberry juice. From his corner, he watches Cas dance with Claire, and he catches Cas wincing as Claire steps on his foot. Donna and Jody are dancing with each other as well, and Donna waves at Dean when she catches him looking. Dean smiles, and waves back. There’s Jack doing a puppet show for Garth’s kids, and Rowena and Charlie in some form of argument. Dean feels so utterly warm at everything. He has a family. It’s a weird, completely dysfunctional, family, but it’s his.
Dean finds Cas later in his room, sitting on the edge of the bed, still looking at the vial of grace. Dean watches from the door frame as Cas twists it; he opens the cap of the vial, letting some of the grace flow out before he closes it again. Dean feels a twinge of guilt rush through him at the thought of Cas regretting his choice. He doesn’t have time to think about it though because Cas spots him.
Sam is quiet for a very long time. He sighs heavily, and it sounds resigned. Quietly, he says, “You can’t give up, Dean.”
Sam actually laughs at that, the bastard. It’s not until he manages to control it to a snicker that he says, “Dude, you could go in there right now in your pajamas and give Cas one of those plastic toy rings from cereal boxes and ask him to marry you, and he'll say yes in a heartbeat.”
Dean slumps down back on to his chair as Jack goes back to his homework. Cas returns to the book he’s reading, eyeing Sam. “Well?”
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. Instantly, he remembers Hell and how the physical pain was bad, but it’s the emotional torture that tormented him the most. Their lives are just one regret after another. He asks, “I can understand demons dreaming about their regrets, but what about the normal angels? You know, the ones that never came to Earth and never really did anything out of the ordinary. What would they dream about?”
“Cas, you know me,” Dean tries again. He doesn’t move towards Cas, and instead keeps his distance, like he’s approaching a wounded animal. “I know you’re scared, and I know this fucking black goo has been pretending to be me, but man, you gotta believe me.”
Dean tries focusing on the mission, on Jack, on anything that isn't Cas, but he can't. They've been broken for years now, either running away from each other or pushing each other away; Chuck might have hit the final nail in the coffin when he killed Jack, but Dean knows he built the coffin to bury Cas in long before he even knew about Chuck's manipulations. His anger and his pride caught up to them, and Cas walked away, and Dean isn’t sure that he’s ever coming back.
“Jack, are you alright?” Cas asks, cautiously, taking a step forward to place a hand on Jack’s shoulder. Immediately Jack throws an arm around Cas, dropping his head to the crook of Cas’s neck, and sobs loudly.
There is an abandoned church three miles outside of town, and Cas immediately bristles when he gets out of the car, pulling his trench coat tighter around him. Dean scans the building; there’s nothing out of the ordinary, but there could be strong warding he doesn't know about.
, Dean realizes in a moment of absolute clarity. He makes a mental note to find a ring and plan the perfect, perfect,
“He’s going to need some time,” Dean says. He stares off into the distance where Sam is talking to Jack. “We should put Sam on it. He’s the only one that can relate.”
“I tried to kill him,” Dean immediately shoots back, ignoring the flutter in his chest. “Several times, actually.”
“Cas, he’s two, he’s not hunting - oh my god -” Dean cuts himself off when he sees the shirt Cas is holding up. It’s a pale blue with a white rabbit and the words
It doesn’t take a genius to see that Cas has been struggling a lot lately. It’s not just that his wings are clipped and his powers are limited, it’s the simple things that are getting to him now. He’s visibly aging in ways that a lot of angels don’t. Dean doesn’t know all the details, but he knows that whatever it is, it’s probably not a good thing.
Except, Cas lets out another low whine and curls into himself, mumbling something in Enochian. He lets out a soft breath and slowly blinks awake. His voice is low and hoarse from sleep when he says, “Dean.”
“A house,” Cas says, calmly, but Dean can tell the nerves right underneath the calmness. He scratches the back of his neck and says, “It might be best if we moved out of the bunker, and allow Sam and Eileen to use it for whatever they’re trying to do.”
“You’re just happy,” Sam says with a shrug. His eyes are twinkling. “So, talk. You’re thinking about popping the question.”
Praying to Cas was second nature, almost like talking to him. Dean still remembers the way he felt the first time he did it. Even now, Dean would sometimes throw up a prayer. It’s about nothing in particular, except, well, asking Cas to come back from wherever the hell he is. He knows that there’s nobody on the other side hearing him. While praying to Cas was second nature, praying to Chuck was an useless endeavor. Dean remembers the two times he did it, and both of them were to bring Cas back.
“Jimmy Novak’s birthday is the 10th of July,” Cas suggests, not bothering to question why they’re looking for a birthday for him.
Once they’re in the hallway, Dean exhales sharply. Cas gives him a gentle, encouraging look and Dean nods before he says, “I needed someone to blame, and he was right there.”
“Where’d you learn how to do that?” Dean asks, looking down at where Cas has finished installing the new toilet in their bathroom. The bathroom itself is mostly finished; they finished painting the walls a pale blue, the shower has a new shower head, and Dean managed to put together a nice enough counter.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean yelps, as soon as Billie teleports into the war room. “We really need to fix the warding in this place.”
“I know,” Dean tells him. He’s heard sounds coming out of Jack’s room more times than he wants to count, and he’s had to pull Jack awake on more than one occasion. Dean scans the room and his eyes settle on the light flickering in from the hallway. “We should get away.” Cas knits his brows and squints. Dean clarifies, “We should go on a vacation. Get out of the bunker, you know? Grab Sam and Eileen — maybe, Claire, if she’s up for that kinda thing.”
He hands it over to Jack and says, “I don’t know how much you need or if you can even get it off that, but it’s his blood. I didn’t wash it because —”
Dean hisses a breath and tries to focus, the doubt beginning to creep in his mind. He wonders how his life ended up here. Long gone are the days when his biggest worry was whether he can kill a demon or not. Rage flows through him like lava; this is all Chuck’s fault, it has to be. Chuck designed the universe; he designed the game that they’re all playing. It’s his fucking fault that Jack might die; that Cas will be taken by The Empty. Dean feels lost in the vortex of anger swirling in him, and he slams the books off his bed, the papers flying in every direction.
“Jack!” Dean shouts, rushing to his side with Cas right beside him a moment later. He reaches two fingers out to check for Jack’s pulse and realizes he’s breathing. Dean exhales sharply and looks around him.
Dean opens his mouth to say something else, beg until he can’t beg anymore, when Cas opens his eyes. He tilts his head, frowning slightly, and Dean can feel the electricity surge through him as Cas studies his face. He’s not sure if Cas can still see his soul, or even if that’s what he’s trying to do, but Cas is looking at him and that’s enough. Dean tries to keep his breath steady and not make any sudden movements when he sees a flicker of something behind Cas’s eyes.
Cas’s recovery takes a bit longer than expected. Jack insists it’s because of humanity catching up to him. He akins it to creating the first humans; Cas is in a new body that’s his own, without his grace, and needs to figure it out all over again. Dean is there every step of the way. He still remembers the last time Cas turned human, and Dean feels terrible whenever he remembers that. It bites at him that for the last twelve years, all Dean has done was disappoint Cas, especially when Cas was human.
“But, Dean,” Jack says, slowly, his face pinches in confusion. “You were there for me. You took care of me when I was sick, you taught me to drive, and you said
Just as predicted, Cas is sitting on the porch, his legs crossed at the ankle. He looks behind him when Dean opens the screen door to step outside. The air is chilly around them. Dean pulls his jacket tightly around himself and sits down next to Cas. The covering above them is enough to keep the rain away, but Dean still looks up at it.
Dean looks down at the sleeping boy in the bed, so utterly small that he’s dwarfed by the pillows and feels the shame run through his veins. He feels his throat constrict at the wordless emotions. Cas walks up to them and gently places an arm on Dean’s shoulder, tilting his head towards the door.
“I think you’re a good father, Dean,” Cas promises. He smiles at Dean, small and sweet in the way he does when he can’t seem to understand why Dean is so self-deprecating. He repeats, “You’ve been a good father to Jack.”
realization would hit him in the middle of the kitchen while Cas is rambling on about bees to their son. But then again, this is the dream, isn’t it? Every time he pictures himself happy, this is where he always ends up. Sure, Jack isn’t actually two in those dreams, but this is the general idea, and it’s almost his.
It takes approximately half a second between Sam’s voice ringing out in the bunker and Dean, Cas, and Jack scrambling around to grab their weapons of choice. When Sam makes it down the stairs into the war room, he knits his brows together and frowns for a moment before realization dawns on him. “Not that kind of emergency.”
It takes a minute for Dean’s eyes to adjust to the haze of the church, but he spots a figure illuminated by the dim light shining through one of the stained windows. Jack stands tall next to the altar, next to a discarded body on the ground. Dean glances sideways at Cas, who freezes as he stares ahead. Dean feels like he’s in a trance, like he’s not actually here, and Jack isn’t actually alive. It’s Cas who breaks the energy first, taking a step forward.
"Well, we're always here if you need any help," Sam says, smiling gently at Jack, but Dean can tell that Sam doesn’t like it. None of them do.
“My dad was a dick,” Dean points out, finding that he doesn’t feel all that guilty describing his father in those terms anymore. Still, yeah, Jack might be four, but Dean can’t exactly follow him around like an overprotective father. He wrinkles his nose and gives Cas a once over. “Well, get cleaned up then. I’ll get dinner going.”
Cas pushes the cart through the clothing aisle, and Dean immediately picks up a pair of pull on joggers and throws them in the cart. There’s a sweatshirt that says
Dean blinks up from where he’s lying down on the bed. Miracle lets out a whine from where she’s perched near his feet. He looks towards the door where Sam is leaning against the door frame with his arms crossed across his chest. Dean tries sitting up, and winces when he accidentally knocks over one of the empty beer bottles on the side table. He looks down at his hands when Sam shoots him the same concerned look that’s permanently glued to his face these days.
Dean exchanges a look with Cas as they walk up to the church entrance. The muscles in Cas’s face are set into a quiet determination, and Dean knows that look. It’s the one where nothing in the universe can stop Cas from protecting Jack, no matter what he finds on the other side; it’s the one that was fixed on Dean in the cemetery as he pointed that gun at Jack. He can feel his throat constricting, a foreboding sense of shame rushing through him. He takes a deep breath and steadies himself, and follows Cas into the church.
He can see the gears turning in Cas's head and the silent debate he's having with himself, and Dean feels a little sick at the thought that whatever it is that Cas is here for, he can't trust Dean with it. Or maybe he can, but he doesn't want to and somehow that feels even worse.
there and Dean gives him an encouraging look, hoping Cas would say something else, but he doesn’t. Instead, he yawns again. “I think I should get some rest, and I think it’s best that you do as well. We have a long drive ahead of us.”
“Hear me out,” Dean says, feeling more than a little hysterical. Dean feels his face warming, but he pushes on. “I know I haven’t always been the greatest, but you always make me want to be the best version of myself, and if you give me the chance, I would really like to spend the rest of my life with you.  Cas —
hat on his head is navy blue with white writing, and it looks ridiculous, but Dean knows that Cas is too polite to ever tell him that. “I feel like congratulations are in order and I should say that I’m very proud of you, but I suspect you know that.”
Dean immediately feels the wave of acid rising in his stomach. Dean has never been particularly good at handling weeping children. It’s not like he had much experience or positive role models in that sense. Cas eyes Dean over Jack’s shoulder, silently begging Dean to do something. Dean exchanges a look with Sam, silently hoping his brother has an idea, but Sam just shrugs. Dean sighs, taking a step forward, placing an arm around Jack.
“Are you sure you don’t want to sleep?” Dean asks again, not at all embarrassed that he’s letting a toddler decide for himself. He yawns and tries again. “Please?”
“This was what I was expecting when I was preparing for Jack’s birth,” Cas muses. “Though I was still in the infant portion of my online classes. None of them prepared me for what I actually came back to.”
“Can I -” Dean starts, unsure of his voice. Cas, bless him for knowing him better than he knows himself sometimes, nods slowly.
Dean feels twitchy and restless. He hates not knowing what the plan is. Sure, Jack can probably kill Chuck if Billie is to be believed, but there are obviously cosmic consequences to taking out God. There’s Amara, which is it’s own can of cosmic worms; there’s Hell, there’s Heaven losing all sense of being, there’s an infinite number of things that could go wrong. There’s also the fact that because Billie hasn’t been clear on the plan, there’s every chance that they’re leading Jack into undue danger with this mission. Dean knows that they’re all thinking it, but nobody wants to say it.
"I don't know," Dean bites out, far more viciously than he intends. Sam's eyes widen in shock before he narrows them, assessing Dean. He opens his mouth to ask another question, but Dean gets up from the table, grabbing the whiskey bottle in the process. He’s halfway out of the kitchen when Sam speaks up again.
“I told you that I’m fine,” Dean chokes out, reaching for the knife to cut the peppers. He adds, “I’m processing my grief just fine, so you can stop worrying.”
Once Cas settles into the driver’s seat, he frowns at Dean; the wrinkles on his forehead crease together in trademark worry. He says, “Well, the internet made it very clear that if it wasn’t something you’re open to, my intervening would have led to you feeling more lonely and frustrated, and you were doing so well—”
Dean glares at his watch. He could swear that time is moving slower than ever. When the timer runs down to two minutes, Dean approaches the body. Jack has the vial with Cas’s grace in his hands. Thirty seconds.
“I don’t think it can be fixed, Dean,” Cas says quietly. He picks himself off the chair, stretching an arm over his head, and drapes his trench coat over his shoulders. Cas yawns and walks towards the door, dropping a gentle hand to Dean’s shoulder. Dean eyes Cas’s hand before Cas pulls it away. The corners of his mouth quirk up into a small smile as he says, “I’ll be fine, Besides, we have bigger concerns at hand.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, realizing he doesn’t want to lie about that. “But he — well, I just read him wrong, you know?” Eileen just looks at him with such pity that Dean feels his face flush. He looks away from her and clears his throat. “It’s okay — I’m fine, really. You win some, you lose some, right? He’s still the best goddamn friend I’ve ever had.”
Billie shrugs. “I suppose Jack can spring you once it takes you, but obviously that would require you to summon it in the first place and I’m guessing that he —” Billie tilts her head towards Dean. “He doesn’t want you to do that.”
Amara makes a sympathetic noise as she gets up from the table. “I’m sorry, Dean. I know how much he means to you.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t stop by earlier,” Jack says into his shoulder. Dean helps him stand, and it takes a moment for Jack’s powers to flicker back in, and his eyes glow bright before settling into a familiar blue. Jack says, “I heard your prayers, but it wasn’t the right time for me to come to Earth.”
Dean feels a chill run through his veins and he can feel Amara scan through his entire being. When he doesn’t say anything, she asks, “Why do you want to destroy it?”
“He didn’t always,” Dean admits. Cas tips his head to the side and squints his eyes. Dean feels Cas trying to study him, and he figures he might as well pull that particular band-aid off. He clears his throat. “When you - uh, well. When Jack was born and you - well, you know. I wasn’t great with him because I was scared, and he wasn’t like anything I expected or understood.”
“God,” Dean says, barking out a bitter laugh. Cas is still holding his hand, tracing over his knuckles. “We’re like some new age Romeo and Juliet.”
“Stop,” Dean cuts him off. He can’t do this right now. Every ounce of his strength is spent on telling his body to
“They’re good,” Jack confirms and takes another bite, sitting down on one of the bar stools. He stretches his arms above his head, yawning loudly. There are dark circles under his eyes.
“Right,” Dean says, with a shake of the head. He looks at Jack fondly. “Sam is right. No matter what happened in the past, you’re our kid, and we’re in this together. I know you have a responsibility to the universe, but you don’t have to do it on your own. So, stay with us.”
Dean looks between Billie and Jack, not quite knowing what is going on. Jack doesn’t speak for a moment, still waving his hands in front of him. When he looks at the room again, his eyes are wide and innocent in the way that only Jack can manage. He says, “I don’t know if I can handle all this power, but I think someone else might be able to.”
"So Billie sprung him from The Empty as soon as Chuck went off-world?" Sam asks over the video call. Dean looks over Jack's shoulders at the laptop screen on the kitchen island in Cas's cabin. Sam's face is pinched in confusion and vague anxiety like he always seems to be sporting these days.
Dean jolts awake and feels his pulse racing wildly in his veins, a hand pushing him back down on his bed. He looks up to see Cas standing over his bed, his brows pinching together in worry. Dean feels his breath become ragged in his throat, and he just stares at Cas.
Sam nods and unscrews the vial and drops it in. He looks at Rowena for instruction. She reaches out to take Sam’s hand. Her voice is precise and calm when she says, “Listen to me carefully — all of you. Sam, the spell is in Gaelic, so you must focus on your pronunciation. Any mistake, and we will not be able to bind him. Do you understand?” Sam lets out a sharp breath and nods. Then, Rowena turns to Jack, her face softening immediately. “Jack, my boy. I do hate the burden of responsibility we’re putting on you.”
“Me too,” Dean says, blinking away the tears threatening to form again. He turns back to the stove to check on the potatoes.
Dean considers it. “Well, maybe I’ll finally go to that beach that I’ve been talking about. Apparently. Cas hasn’t been to a beach since Moses parted the Red Sea, and let me tell you, that’s entirely too long ago.” Sam laughs at that. Dean smiles and says, “Honestly, I just want to hang out. There’s space out back for a little garden, and maybe, I’ll get a normal job for once.”
Jack looks away to focus on the tray. His face grows pensive as he rearranges the cookies into a perfectly straight line. A brief flare of worry ignites in Dean’s gut. He’s never been good at this part; he’s not a father, not really. He tried to be one with Ben, but that went about as well as one would expect when it came to Dean’s life. Claire isn’t really his kid — sure, he sees her as a daughter, but Jody is the one that takes care of all the tough conversations. Jack is different, and Dean knows that, and that’s the scary part.
He strokes a hand down Cas’s back, feeling the evenness of his breathing. Cas lifts his head from where it’s on Dean’s chest, rubs the sleep out of his eyes with the back of his hands, and blinks up at him. “Of course.”
The smile that Cas gives him is so unreservedly fond that Dean feels his heart flutter. He should be used to it by now, but he’s really not, and he doesn’t think he’ll ever be used to being in love and being loved.
“The couch doesn’t seem very comfortable,” Cas says as he sits up in his bed, his voice hoarse from just waking up. He mumbles, “We can share.”
Dean blinks and thinks that every time he feels like he could never be more in love with Cas than he already is, he’s always proven wrong. He squats down next to Cas near the dirt patch; they started with carrots, but gradually the garden has everything they could need — Dean’s personal favorites are the pumpkins and the tomatoes. He sits quietly and watches Cas dig up the dirt, planting some seeds for herbs.
Kissing in the rain is actually the worst experience ever; it’s blinding, it’s distracting, and the water gets everywhere, but hell, Cas isn’t complaining, so Dean isn’t complaining. It’s not a particularly sweet or urgent kind of kiss, but it’s grounding in a way that comes with the assurance that they were a constant force in each other’s lives and a promise that it’ll continue.
He keeps repeating the words to himself as a reminder; his fingers twitch and he reaches out to grab some dirt, only for Cas to smack his hand away.
Dean blinks at her. She looks at her food, poking at a pierogi with her fork. “I’ve warded this restaurant against my brother, so this is the best time for me to tell you that God knows about your plan, Dean. He knows that Jack is alive. He knows about the dark piece of Celtic magic you’re trying to pull off, and —” Amara hesitates and shoots Dean a pointed look. “He’s scared. From what I know, he’s been hiding, but he’s running out of hiding places because he’s destroyed every other world, and there’s only so many places you can hide in this one.”
"Wait," Dean calls out, pushing himself off his chair to follow Cas towards the stairs, and grabs Cas’s arm to stop him. When Cas turns his head around, his eyes flash with anger. Dean immediately drops his hand and Cas follows the movement with his eyes before he looks at Dean again. The moment stretches before them and Dean feels like he’s being pulled apart seam by seam under the weight of Cas’s stare; each passing moment feels longer than the last. Dean swallows hard and says, "Did you want something?"
“I’m  glad that you and Cas finally ‘figured yourselves out’, as Sam would say,” Jack tells him. Dean immediately balks; he dares to take a look at Cas, who is looking pointedly down at the floor, the tips of his ears turning a light shade of pink. Jack blinks at them. “Did I say something wrong?”
“Die, probably,” Cas deadpans, pulling away slightly. When Dean pouts, Cas leans forward again to capture Dean’s lips. Cas says, “Many times, actually.”
Dean gapes, feels his face warm, and shakes his head. “Yeah — yeah, okay. You better make it back alive.”
—This is embarrassing…- Dean for a moment doesn't know what Cas is talking about, is he embarrassed to get hard in his presence? But then he follows with his gaze and finds that Cas has come in his pants without being touched. Dean widens his eyes and can't help the smile that curves his face.
but she just looks at him with a snort of tired laughter and gives directions on how to get to the room and where to get ice, standard procedure.
And this fits in that moment when Mary is back, but still hasn't decided to leave the Bunker between episode 12x02 and 12x03, Cas was there in the Bunker at that time and in episode 3 he decides to go looking for clues about Lucifer and almost runs away and Dean is like "???don't go away my love, my sunshine, let's do bro things???"
—Hello Sam, Dean…- He says his lover's name laden with love, pain, and scars, but a smile never leaves his face. The brothers turn to face the figure behind them. Sam smiles happily and goes towards the angel squeezing him in a hug that takes Cas's feet off the ground, the angel is surprised by the warmth of the youngest's reception, the 40 years weight in the hug, and Cas can feel the longing of Sam, the youngest of the Winchesters lets this feeling invade him for a moment, but soon it is gone and Sam is just happy, freeing himself from the weight of sadness.
He goes back to driving some more now, it feels like an endless road, he feels in control, like he can do it forever if he wants to... And he realizes he can, that's the point. Bobby said he can have whatever he wants here. He wants a safe place, he wants to go home, he wants a tight hug from his brother, he wants to be able to tell him everything he didn't have the guts to do in life, he wants to cry on his shoulder and hear Sam say everything will be alright , that he can still fix things with Cas and even if he can't he still has him, he has his brother, he has Bobby, he has his mother...His father, father in heaven? How? Is the John he knows in heaven? He doesn't even want to think about it at the moment, he just wants to drive back home.
—What are you talking about?- A few tears pool in the corners of Cas's eyes, but he holds them back as he finds the words to say.
to laugh at this shitty situation! We're fucked! How are you in the mood to laugh?!- He asks incredulously, his sadness giving way to your anger.
The angel kisses him slowly and as he does so he slides a hand around the blonde's neck, gradually squeezing harder, eliciting a choked moan from Dean, he whimpers and thrusts his hips forward against the hard member of the angel that at the moment only has the head inside.
The angel without saying anything reaches for his tie that was still around his neck, kinda loose, and wraps it around the wrists of the blonde who doesn't protest for a second and smiles contentedly when the angel throws his hands above his head and goes back to hang and suffocate is not a perfect system, but it will work by now Dean is almost ready to come. It's not the first time Cas has heard this type of prayer from Dean's, but he never answered it before because he didn't have permission, but Dean had now opened that door.
—Not exactly, I already had that kind of submissive tendency in bed… Alastair just knew how to work it out and corrupt it with guilt, but guilt here in heaven…It is resignified?- He reflects for a moment on what he feels now about that -I don't know, I feel less wrong for feeling pleasure like this and wanting to explore more of the BDSM world- It's a little shy for admitting it out loud to Cas -And it was never about punishment Cas, I don't think I deserve punishment ...The pleasure I feel with this kind of thing is more like a reward…- He confesses looking directly at Cas now, swallowing hard and getting slightly excited with the direction of this conversation.
—You're going to have to let me be the judge of that Dean. And I love you too much to let you drown in it... Let go, let the pain go, let the guilt go. Focus on me- He says wrapping his head in his hands again and placing several kisses on Dean's face, he keeps his eyes closed, feeling the heat of each kiss, feeling the love in every touch of his lips -Make love to me- Cas whispers like it's their secret and they're in a place full of people, Dean smiles
—You kidding, but it's exactly what we're going to need angel…- Cas raises his eyebrows in surprise and Dean wiggles his eyebrows and smiles mischievously at Cas.
—Cas, are you there friend?- Sam calls for his friend, the tone of his voice is almost a begging .-I know you're in there, come here please, we miss you…- Sam looks at his brother with a slight “
—Cas...You're so perfect...Damn.-  he whimpers a little more when he feels the angel beating a little more frantically against him, breathing heavily and without any ability to form a sentence, it doesn't take long and he comes to its climax too, moaning loudly.
—Look at me! I want you looking at me, don't close your eyes!- Cas says passionately and Dean smiled mischievously and enjoys the passion with which Cas says it as he intensifies his movements bringing him closer and closer to climax. He can feel it coming, just a few more blows. The hoarse moan that Cas lets out as he watches his lover get closer and closer is what Dean was missing in his hand. It's intense, and for a moment Dean even thinks he's capable of losing his senses as he pulls Cas's lips around his feeling so close, they've never been closer like today and it's just
Sam understood, Dean didn't need to say anything else, Sam understood, he already knew, of course, he already knew, he has eyes, but he never wanted to believe they were a tragic love story, he didn't want to believe that his brother came so close to having something for himself and lost it, he refused to believe until he heard those words from his mouth until there was no turning back, after that day he never touched in Cas's name again in front of his brother.
—I'm fucked…- He says closing his eyes and feeling Cas' tongue on his nipple, he moans with the high sensitivity he has for that. He opens his eyes and is surprised and moans in anticipation when he realizes that Cas is getting down on his knees in front of him and already getting ready to unzip his pants at amazing speed.
—Yeah Cas, why is Dean like this? I feel good here- Says Sam slightly worried watching this moment, he feels like he shouldn't be witnessing it, it's so intimate, Cas' love for Dean is so palpable, he sees it clearly, he's seen how intense it can be a thousand times before, but there's something here in this place that makes it all more real than reality itself.
—Are you saying what I think you're saying?- Dean takes a bite of his hamburger and a sip of his soda and says laughing while still chewing
, he will be sorry! And what's this talk about not being worth it? You really learned this self-hate thing from me well, huh?! Are you
They were already halfway through the movie and Dean had already finished little more than half a dozen of beers. He was drunk enough to act on impulse and blame the boze, but sober enough to know he wanted this. Cas had his eyes glazed over when Dean caught his eye by leaning his shoulder closest to him and putting the warmth of her legs together side by side. He feels the angel tense for a moment and then relaxes at the closeness. Dean comments something in Cas's ear about the movie and stands there hovering over it, making another comment that made the angel laugh. Castiel can feel Dean's warm breath near his neck, he can feel Dean's desire on him, screaming, but he doesn't think Dean will give in, he never does. But Dean surprises him, he sinks his nostrils into his neck and purrs his nam
—I understand, Cas…More than you can imagine. Trust us, we want to take this risk for you and we have God on our side now, for the first time. You said it was your choice to sacrifice yourself, let that be
He puts on some clothes, washes his face, brushes his teeth and heads towards the kitchen, the smell of coffee in the hallways awakens his will, when he arrives in the kitchen Cas and Sam are casually chatting about geeky stuff.
—That you're attracted to me too?- Dean gives him a smirk and takes a big bite of his burger. Under the table he brushes his leg against Cas's, the ex-angel smiles surprised at the sudden intimacy that settles in, takes a big bite of his burger while exchanging a look with Dean, they don't deviate eye contact for a long time. They finish eating in silence, Cas feels like the dialogue hasn't even happened, it feels like forever, but Dean still has his leg brushing his under the table as a reminder, it's so simple yet so electrifying and warm, he wants more, but he's been a human for such a short time. He's observed this kind of interaction between humans for a long time, but actually experiencing them is different and he still feels out of place at all, the only thing that doesn't seem out of place at all at the moment is the way Dean looks at him right now.
The boy has tears in his eyes now and Cas just lovingly strokes the boy's hair, some tears form in his eyes too. He is happy, these are tears of happiness again. Cas looks around and notices Dean's big smile being directed at him. Cas stops for a moment waiting for some imminent tragedy to happen, but nothing happens.
Curious now, Dean opts to remain mute. Enduring their reserved indecision, until he’s rewarded with another set of tentative knocks; though, this time done fractionally louder.
“Got me there,” Dean returns stiffly, unable to deny the fact. “And I’d wager you to be a bit of a dick, judging by your need to base people off their
She continues the punishing exercise for another minute, then slumps over to catch her breath with hands on her hips. Her cheeks flamed pink from the exertion.
“Aren’t reapers supposed to console those marked by Death?” Dean starts peevishly, sparing a glance over his shoulder at the reaper while he grudgingly obliges. His pulse drumming against his ears as the distance between them and the door diminishes rapidly beneath the hard soles of his boots.
“I mean it this time,” he returns, earnest, and grasps the boy’s denim clad arm for emphasis. “I won’t let anyone hurt you, again. You hear me?”
Disbelief fleets across the kid’s face; the skin between his brows pinching prominently with worry. “That’s what you always say.”
Dean casts a weary sidelong glance at his son, finding him ostensibly apprehensive to answer; fidgeting with the cuffs of his sleeves and shifting his weight between feet. His voice subdued and quivering when after a stretch of taut silence, he tentatively replies: “Sam. Sam Winchester.”
, he decides, eyeing the three bulbs aligned over the doorframe. Particularly, the middle one emitting a soft, yellow glow.
Dark eyes narrow, but the demon concedes the point. “Fine. Do what you want. Although…” He once more faces the opposing side, crossing his arms nonchalantly over his chest. “I probably shouldn’t mention that while you’ve been preoccupied with Sugar Lips over there, you’ve become the target of something a bit more…
The stars are eventually blocked by a building, shrouded by night. An ominous sign for the darkness ahead, if he ever saw one.
It’s another hour before the boy stirs; blinking and turning his head to shield his eyes from the brutal assault of the sun. The freckled skin at the bridge of his nose crinkling as a sign of irritation before he scrubs tiredly at his face.
“Consider it more an assurance of integrity,” she returns somewhat patronizingly. And waiting until he has completed the task to add, “A personalized passcode as well, if you would.” When he shoots her a questioning look, she gladly elucidates, “A security measure to maintain privacy, of course.”
He stiffens at the equivocal threat. Feeling vaguely nauseous, he smartly turns away and head for his respective pad on the opposite side. The haunting echo of maniacal laughter chasing after him and setting his teeth on edge.
“I’m not playing this game with you,” comes Mary’s predictable scolding. “If you’re going to act like a child, then I’ll treat you like one.”
“You were wrong, Dean,” the Seraph coos against the shell of his ear, clearly unaffected by the nails clawing red marks across his bared forearm in a bid for freedom. Dean's terror building as his body gradually slackens; the darkness engulfing him, and leaving him with only the comfort of the Alpha's sinister voice.
“You brought this on yourself,” Mary spits in response, now pulling him with scarcely any effort across slick linoleum flooring. “When you
Dean’s hand falters over his own pawn, his mind whirring with the jarring implications. Resolutely keeping his eyes trained on the checkered pattern, so as not to give away the consternation overcoming him.
Dean winces at the twinge of guilt in his chest. Inwardly castigating himself for having been transparent and all the while burdening him, however unintentional it's been.
“To being drugged and imprisoned?” Dean snaps back with an accompanying scoff at the Alpha’s striking apathy. “Gee, that’s a real shocker.”
“Such a pretty boy,” someone purrs as he breaches the perimeter, eliciting him to whip around in search of the creep. His skin prickling as his eyes lock on her own before observing her tongue dart out to seductively lick cherry-red stained lips. Mild horror engulfing his disgust when her eyes ink over black, contrasting the fiery red of her hair which spills in loose curls over the dips in her shoulders. “You look a little cold there,
Cautiously, he steps around Cas. Searching desperately for signs of life, but finding nothing. Cas’ eyes remaining shut, his skin blanched, and hand left outstretched as though reaching for Dean.
“I was,” he confirms, as he adjusts his jacket and methodically smooths the creases from the worn material. “Until the road became bumpy.”
The pain of it sears through his skull, rendering him helpless for several crucial seconds. Her curses echoing around him as he breaks through the headache and fumbles frantically for the restraint. Nearly removing the strap tip from the metal prong when a hand seizes his wrist, fingernails digging into his flesh until a muffled cry escapes him and his own fingers relinquish their grip.
Dean eyes the gauge needle as it dips dangerously toward empty, inciting him to scan ahead for a frontage road or an extended shoulder—somewhere he can pull over safely. Thankful, for having some equanimity to fill up the gas can along with the tank before getting the hell out of dodge. Knowing, intuitively, that a stop at any fuel station or general establishment could point fingers in their direction.
“H-6 ready for entry,” the reaper says to no one in particular, maneuvering to stand beside Dean. A hand gently unexpectedly settling onto his shoulder.
“I don’t—” Swaying dangerously on his feet at a sudden rush of heat, Dean dejectedly drops his gaze in a reflexively submissive gesture. “I don’t have enough money—”
“Understood, sir,” the bartender acknowledges, and without further ado, moves on to attend other patrons as they begin congregating near the opposite end of the bar.
A wave of nausea overcomes him the moment he clambers out of the Impala, prompting him to scrunch his eyes closed briefly to orient himself before collecting their bags from the backseat. Finding it a tremendous effort to sling them over his uninjured shoulder, and each step an exercise in control, as his knees threaten to give out under the additional weight.
“What?” he grumbles, irritable, and peels his cheek from the cool glass of the car window to properly glare at the asshole who’s disturbed his slumber. Not entirely surprised to be met with a mirroring gaze, one which he’s been graced with damn near every encounter with the ever elusive co-worker. Or should he claim, co-conspirator?
Dean chuckles despite himself, supposing her assessment isn’t entirely false. “I try.” He shrugs, observing her disapproving frown deepen before nodding indicatively towards the case. “That for me?”
Dean strives to swallow past the panic forming like a lead ball in his throat. Distraught, as he struggles to keep tabs on his opponent’s moves; the Alpha swiftly advancing on his glass army.
Once inside, he’s keenly aware, there’ll be slim to no chance of running away. Mary is thorough, calculating, and clever. Honing her craft over time until she perfected it. Leaving no room to be careless, not now that she’s gained him back.
Still, despite the flash of wealth, Dean has to admit the improvements of his environment, however gaudy. Comparatively more tolerable than the utter dumps he normally scopes out. His assignments often leading him to vile, amoral holes in the ground where brawls are imminent and questionable stains are commonplace. The repulsive stench of vomit, ammonia, and a variation of other bodily fluids never entirely washing clean from the fabrics of his clothes. Therefore forcing him to chuck the sullied garments into a nearby dumpster with intent to buy new sets from random thrift shops subsequent of each successful hit.
,” Charlie urgently interjects, gesturing with a curt nod of her head once she gains his attention. “Over there.”
At the correction, Dean swears his heart freezes in his chest. An icy sensation of dread rocketing up his spine as he dips his head to conceal his shock. All thoughts thrown into panicked chaos.
John’s response is instantaneous; his countenance contorting irately at the supposed affront, and upper lip curling to expose teeth as he demands incisively: “Get off our property.”
He can’t help it. After decades of battling to survive on his own, he’s been conditioned to respond without a second thought to potential consequences. “That isn’t my name anymore.”
“No,” comes the expected reply. “I can’t allow you to do that,” he intones, brooking no room for argument.
The storm relents a few miles past the border into South Dakota. Its ruling darkness yielding to the encroaching morning rays, penetrating the haze to awash the clouds in saturated reds and golden hues. Painting the start of a new chapter—another chance to turn his life around or fail miserably trying. If not for himself this time, then for the kid’s sake.
Dean muses somberly, gripping the steering wheel tenaciously until his knuckles blanch from the strain.
Emitting a noise of exasperation, Dean folds his arms over his chest, and casually quips, “To tell someone about the BM I had yesterday.” Then, “What’s it to you?”
No, this is far beyond anything he’s ever experienced. And the possibility of succumbing to death or losing the last shreds of his humanity in the unlikely event he makes it out alive is nothing short of a daunting prospect.
“Thirty seconds,” the deep voice startles him. And Dean barely manages to squash the urge to deck the reaper for the interruption.
The private backroom he’s escorted to by staff is equally elegant by its interior as the rest of the building, if not more over the top. Remarking silently, as he’s ushered inside, the collection of gold framed Renaissance paintings embellishing the walls, and statuettes of angels adorning any available smooth surface. Every minute detail—from the marble fireplace to the crystal chandelier aloft the table—an argument against frugality. And giving Dean an uneasy impression of definitive influence, similar to that of entering a house of worship.
“Not if you’re planning on participating in my game.” The man reaches to pick a tumbler, bringing it to his mouth to indulge.
“Sammy,” he starts, mildly impressed by his ability to maintain an even tone, given the circumstances. “I just… Baby’s all yours if I… I mean, promise me you’ll take good care of her. So help me, Sammy, if you mistreat her—”
“With me?” A huff. “Yeah,” she answers, snippy, though Dean is beginning to suspect he isn’t responsible for her irascible mood. And considers her for another protracted minute, as he belatedly notes the arrest to her gaze. Staring him down with such unnerving intensity, he wonders if she’s able to see straight through to the back of his skull. Her look suggesting how keenly aware she is of his own covert monster currently lying dormant within him, and steeling herself to either fight or flee at any hint of movement. The girl being far too young, Dean determines, to be this cognizant of the danger he presents.
“I like to arrive fashionably late,” Dean starts, nonchalantly, before throwing back the rich, amber liquid; relishing the potent burn as it travels down his throat. “You know, etiquette and all that.”
he notes with a disbelieving huff. Astounded at the level of ostentatious flair as he pads deeper into the room. Each footfall echoing loudly within the confined space, while the crusty rubber soles of his boots tarnish the pristine flooring; leaving trails of dirt flecks in his wake.
“It’s fine,” Dean strives to alleviate some of Sam’s anxiety, aware the truth will only incite Sam to act risky in the name of family. “Everything’s going to be okay, Sammy.”
“You’ve been prepared and have spoken to a loved one,” the reaper states, heavily implying Dean’s apparent ungratefulness.
“Yeah.” Dean’s head droops in defeat, his breath catching as he mutters, “Just make sure to take care of yourself first. You hear me?”
An uncomfortable pause stretches seemingly for eons, and Dean’s nearly certain he’s lost signal before his brother decides to speak again. Only, this time, with a notable waver to his voice, evidently on the verge of tears. “Right. You always are. Yeah, you—you’ll be okay.”
“Don’t,” Dean blurts as the fragments of his disjointed reality snap sharply into place. Colors exploding, the rush of cars on the freeway deafening, and the keen awareness of the person beside him sending chills along his spine. “Please, don’t.”
The door is whisper quiet while it slowly swings outwards to reveal a teenage girl, who appears to be anything but thrilled to be there. Dean instantly catching himself in the act of scrutinizing the way her hair cascades in loose waves over one shoulder, and that along the other side of her head, it’s been neatly portioned and pulled into tight braids. Mascara is smudged around her lashes with purpose to enhance the cobalt tones of her eyes, causing them to be ever more striking, even from a distance. The bland, ebony cocktail dress she’s clad in incongruous to her unique sense of style, and is worn unwillingly, if the imperceptible hunch to her posture is anything to go by. Formal attire, seemingly, robbing her of her confidence.
A look of consideration crosses the Seraph’s face; his head canting a fraction to the side, pinning Dean beneath his scrutiny. The Alpha seemingly endeavoring to pierce through his outer shell to the soft, vulnerable layer of his core. “As long as I accompany you.”
Having obtained enough knowledge from the recording of the last tournament, it’s safe to venture that nothing remotely good is about to transpire in the arena. Yet, sadly, the information still leaves him woefully unprepared for what’s to come. Even considering the practice he’s had from countless brawls, bar fights, and sparring matches with Sam, none of it adds up to the severity of
“She’ll still be here when you get back,” Sam’s quick to dismiss. “And I’ll be here, too.” A beat passes, then, “Bobby and I won’t miss a viewing. We’ll, you know, try to help you as best as we can from here.”
At that, startling blue eyes seek him again. The Seraph’s gaze absolutely glacial, his expression thunderous. “It was necessary. You weren’t complying with the terms of the deal.”
Apparently satisfied, Mary walks from his line of sight towards Cas’ general direction. Dean’s breaths becoming shallow and fast as his mind fills with possible scenarios.
An indeterminate amount of time passes as he grudgingly carries on. Weaving through countless trees until he reaches the edge of a meadow, the range of snowcapped mountain peaks looming in the distance. The sight breathtaking, if not for the stark reminder of the contenders who’ve congregated in the center of the field—facing each other in a triangular pattern comprising of three rows of six, one spot remaining empty.
Dean studies the contents of the meal when he kneels to collect the largest pieces from the floor to place onto the tray; pancakes, bacon, eggs, and sausage—everything essential for breakfast. The realization prompting him to inspect the curtains again to observe the degree of light behind them having increased since the last time he checked.
With his eyes burning insistently, Dean wrestles against the pull of unconsciousness—barely maintaining attention on the stretch of potentially lethal highway ahead. His view obstructed by the perpetual torrent and oppressive gloom of night; in which, the high beams scarcely cut through. The darkness bearing down with a near tangible weight; bleeding through minuscule crevices of the car and constricting around his body as though intending to suffocate him.
Jo conveys her indifference in regards to his predicament with a small, noncommittal shrug. “We need the information he possesses on Crowley’s whereabouts. Do what you need to do, but endeavor to be discreet,” she says matter-of-factly, then rushes to add, almost as an afterthought, “We don’t need a repeat performance of Bucharest.”
Mary seems to seize the opportunity, hauling him up onto a rock hard mattress. Working hastily to affix bed restraints to his ankles and disregards his groan of agony when she shifts his battered body to release his wrists. Trapping one arm beneath his body to keep him within her control while maneuvering the other out to slip it into its respective strap.
“May I come in?” she starts, sounding entirely rehearsed with a tone that’s awfully defiant for one frozen at the threshold, requesting permission.
,” she says with fervor and bites her bottom lip with enough force to break the skin; allowing a trickle of blood to trail beneath her chin.
“Campbell,” he confirms quickly, silently impressed at his capability to retain the easygoing façade in spite of the glaring danger. Rolling back his shoulders before shooting her a disarming grin. “You must be mistaking me for someone else.”
“Of course not! Lord, are you daft?” He snaps, waving his arms in exasperation. “Listen, you need me to inform you whenever an ambush is conspired, and I need you to neutralize some mutual foes. It’s a win-win. You know, the whole I’ll scratch your back and you mine partnership.”
Her eyes dart back to him at his none too subtle accusation. The anger that’s been simmering beneath the surface now rising in a tidal wave to consume.
“I’m in a five star prison.” Dean scoffs, crinkling his nose at the onslaught of flowery fragrance upon venturing further inside. Bending to locate the sets of exceedingly fluffy towels hidden within the cherry wood cabinets beneath the tempered glass sink, all meticulously folded aside toiletries and other beauty care products.
As the doors swing inwards, Dean is struck by a remarkable flood of Alpha pheromones. The oppressive scent of thunderstorms threatening to overwhelm, as an electric charge diffuses the air. Whoever it is, evidently, inclined to making grand entrances, while flaunting tacit power to exert superiority. Their affluence seemingly enough of a reason to refresh his memory of society's pecking order, despite the fact he's also loaded; at least, for the moment.
Dean jolts awake with a desperate gasp; conceiving he’s choking by the distinct pressure digging mercilessly into his throat. His hand instantly reaching to claw at the object affixed around his neck—only to have a kernel of fear take root deep in his gut when the pads of his fingers trace the sleek curvature of a metallic band. Dejectedly, discovering the ends secured inside a sturdy, solid plastic connector with no detectable release latch to withstand tampering. Much similar to those commonly used by skin traffickers in lieu of cattle tags to keep track of their valuable commodities.
The clang of the door unbolting reverberates loudly in the silence as the bulbs simultaneously switch to green. Its hinges squealing and groaning when it commences swinging inwards, spilling a dull light across the dark expanse of the hallway. A sharp gasp escaping him as frigid air assaults him a moment later, sending a chill racing down his back as it slices mercilessly through the meager protective layer of his hoodie.
The statement is hollow—trite. Halting Dean in his tracks, as he shoots his captor a leveling glare. “‘You keep using that word; I don’t think it means what you think it means.'” When he receives a perplexed look from the Alpha, Dean growls out, “Did you feed this bullshit to her, too?”
Dean inclines his head a fraction in acknowledgment, reaching for the offered cellular device in the reaper’s outstretched, leather-gloved hand. And is grateful when there’s no protest to return it, even after abruptly turning his back to gain some semblance of privacy.
The wound in Dean’s shoulder throbs in time to the rhythmic swipes of the windshield wipers. White-hot pain lancing down his left arm as he shifts his weight to ease the cramping in his legs, and grits his teeth at the inordinately loud groan of leather that results from the motion. Hoping, the sound doesn’t rouse the small, slumbering form curled in a ball on the seat beside him.
Dean desperately scans the playing field, discovering only one direction for his king to flee; now effectively trapped on a row between the white queen and the rook. Realization dawning that he’s only two turns away from losing everything, and understanding, rather belatedly, that there isn’t anything he can possibly do to change that fate.
The Seraph regards him with a clinical coldness that sends a shiver crawling down the extent of his spine. “That isn’t wise,” he warns lowly, eliciting a strained laugh from Dean.
Startled from his musings, Dean comes hurtling back to reality with a painful jerk. Absorbing the rarity of her countenance pinched with concern. Her gaze roving over his face as though the answer to his abrupt demeanor change is writ across it.
Another hum, this time in assent. Dean watching those startling eyes avert in favor of observing the bartender upon his approach, who deposits not one, but two scotches on the sleek surface before them. A small smile gracing the Alpha’s otherwise unreadable countenance once he catches Dean’s look of confusion.
“Do you want your food or not?” she’s quick to dodge; her gaze skittering away at long last. Incredibly obvious in her attempt to evade his probing stare by the way her attention bounces from object to object.
Yet, there comes no response, except motion he catches in his peripherals—a dark mass lingering with a silent promise for further harm. Muffled words he isn’t able to distinguish feathering into his ear from some far off distance.
Bile scorches the back of Dean’s throat, as his entire world commences spinning uncontrollably under the soles of his boots. Vaguely aware of the clacking of the screen door, heralding someone’s presence, and the rapid-fire questions being hurled at him, while he suddenly loses his bearings; stumbling backwards into a support beam. His last paling seconds of consciousness being that of a distant voice calling his name, before observing the planks of the deck rush upwards to meet him.
With a heavy sigh, she averts her gaze to fixate on some unknown object off in the middle distance. The respite from the conversation allowing him a moment to marvel at yet another breathtaking sunset. Admiring the sky awash in patches of cotton pink and hues of goldenrod that brightly contrast the dark asphalt of the abandoned parking lot. The comprehension that it could be his last intake belatedly striking him, and drawing forth a resonating sense of lifelong regret. Mostly, for concealing his assigned sex marker in avoidance of potential attachments; having always been more a lone wolf, but no less lonely. And all the while battling against the grain of societal expectations, yet secretly yearning for it just the same.
He should’ve listened to his gut instinct upon seeing the empty parking lot. Should’ve hightailed it out of there with no witnesses present.
Gravel crunches beneath the treads of the tires, as they pull into the open gates of Singer’s Salvage Yard. The outer face of the two-story house dilapidated as ever, though Dean knows better than to say the structure is anything but sturdy; having been constructed by competent hands from the ground up.
that you ‘envisioned’?” he starts, finding his feet, and balling the soiled towels in his hands. Discovering the Alpha standing uncomfortably close when he whirls around to face him, and clad in the same suit from the previous night. “Class 5 hurricane; complete and utter destruction?”
Eyes narrowing, she scoots nearer to the door, gripping the handle but not yet swinging it outwards. “721 Paradise Avenue; Grand Angelus Hotel. Your reservation is under Campbell. Be there no later than 2000 hours.”
“I suppose,” she grudgingly concedes, then gracefully spins the case to face him; a small number pad and miniature screen its only contents.
“Forgive me,” the Alpha says flatly before decidedly encroaching on Dean’s personal space. Instantly setting Dean on edge when he seemingly looms over him, despite their similar heights. “I believe my social skills have become a bit rusty recently.”
With an audible exhale, Dean shifts to support his weight against his elbows. His voice hoarse, but nonthreatening when he utters his observation. “You’re not wearing a collar.”
Dean chuckles weakly despite himself. Disgusted, by what her discomfort implies. “Are you always this hospitable?”
“Got it.” He can appreciate the need to detach from their hopeless situation. Hell, Dean considers, he might even be a little jealous.
“Need a place to stay for a while,” Dean finishes dimly. The loose planks groaning inordinately loud beneath their combined weight; even more so, once he decidedly eases the bags onto the deck.
“Frankly, yes,” the Seraph says casually, scanning the state of the room with perceptible intrigue. “It is the usual response, after all.”
“Don’t flatter yourself,” she all but sneers, her professionalism momentarily lapsing. “It’s standard procedure. We require you to enter your checking account information in order to transfer funds to be kept in escrow until a winner is determined. Otherwise, the game will not commence.”
Mediterranean eyes regard him coolly from beneath dark lashes. The Seraph’s countenance revealing nothing in relation to his inner thoughts. “Is that a problem?”
“Give me a damn minute!” Dean snaps, wrestling to breathe past the panic clawing through his chest. Refusing to admit to either the reaper or himself that he’s actually frozen in fear rather than just stubbornly defying orders.
Charlie shrugs noncommittally, then pinwheels her arms to reinitiate blood flow. “It has a nice ring to it and makes me feel like I’m on some sort of top-secret mission.”
“I know I can.” Taking out Dean’s rook, he expands, “I have nothing else equal in value to your bid, and you wouldn’t be risking your neck merely for money. Plus,” he pauses, visibly malcontent. “It so happens that I have a score to settle.”
In her hands, she balances a silver tray supporting an array of food. The collective, familiar aromas permeating the room within seconds, and calling to him like a siren at sea.
Eagerly, Dean dials the number from memory, his heart rate spiking as he raises the cellphone to his ear. Hoping with every fiber of his being that someone’s home to receive the call.
Pursing his lips, Dean glances about the room with incredulity; his gaze falling upon the rumpled sheets of the bed. “As long as I’m compliant. Catering to your every whim, right?”
“Shit,” Dean mutters, falling back to the mattress to scrub a callused hand over his eyes. The solid reminder of his fate biting at the flesh of his neck, as the Seraph’s words replay within the bone confines of his skull; echoing off the chambers that harbor his memories.
A responding soft sigh pierces the roar of impinging rain upon the car. Dean’s breath hitching when he observes a sober expression harden the soft angles of the boy’s face, aging him far beyond his years. “Shouldn’t you go to a hospital?”
That gives the Seraph pause. His eyes narrowing marginally as he tilts his head in wonderment. “What is it that does interest you, then?”
“The ones here will buy you a bit of time, at best. It’ll be nothing more than a scratch if you’re lucky to land a hit,” the demon answers, scarcely loud enough for them to hear. “You’re better off finding the hidden gems before any of us do. Now those will make a grown immortal weep.”
“No,” the Seraph agrees, shunting Dean’s bishop from play by use of his knight. “You’re here for information on Crowley.”
“Yes,” Cas says, easily enough. Dean knows Cas way too well to not see the sadness pass over his face, even if Cas tries to cover it up. Cas seems to know that too, so he adds, “It does feel like an important part of me is gone, but it’s my choice and I’m happy to live with that choice.”
Dean looks around to place it, but he can’t find Cas anywhere. Dean tries shouting, but it comes out as a muffled sound that gets lost in the void. All the sensations filter out and Dean feels like he’s running on air and going nowhere.
Dean wipes his eyes with the back of his hand. “Even if you can’t do anything about him, it would be good to see you again, Jack.”
He opens the door to Sam’s room first which is undecorated except for a small photograph of him and Eileen on the side table. Dean walks down the corridor until he’s standing in front of another room. He hesitates for a brief moment before opening the door to Jack’s room, which has been left completely untouched. There’s the empty snake tank in the corner, a stuffed bear on a bookshelf, and sheets that look freshly slept in despite nobody living in the room for exactly forty two days. Dean takes a careful step inside, bare feet pattering on the tiled floor until he makes it to the bed. He lifts the sheets gently before pulling them off the bed. He turns the corner away from Jack’s room towards yet another one.
“We should go to the school,” Cas says, walking into the room. Dean quickly closes his laptop where he’s
“Hey,” Dean says, reaching a hand out to poke Cas’s sides. He lets out a low whine, pulling the sheets up higher. Dean laughs. “I thought you didn’t need to sleep.”
Dean can barely make out Cas’s face in the dark, the light from the kitchen barely trickling into the room. He keeps his voice low when he says, “We should go home tomorrow.” Cas’s face immediately transforms into defiance, but Dean cuts him off, meeting his gaze with a newfound determination. “I know you’re angry, and I know you want your space — and, listen, you can have all that at the bunker, but just in case this is something dangerous, I would much rather have the resources at the bunker to fix you.”
Cas shrugs. "The doctor was a Grigori. It seems like Jack is going after them almost systematically. He killed two in Mississippi, one in Missouri, one in Nebraska, and one in Montana. Every time I get to a town that he's supposedly in, I lose track of him. Luckily, he's in the area I'm staying at now," Cas says, frowning again as he looks at his hands. "I was hoping Sam would lend a hand. My powers aren't exactly what they were."
“You’re uncomfortable,” Cas tells him one afternoon in the infirmary. Dean freezes from where he’s cutting Cas’s sandwich into two triangles. He looks over at Cas, who eyes him carefully from the bed. He’s silent for a long time, but then he says, “Dean, I’m really sorry.”
There’s a hardness to Cas that Dean hasn’t seen in years. He thinks back to those early days, over a decade prior, where he had no idea how to approach Cas, an otherworldly being in every way. Even back then, when his unflinching glare and single-minded righteousness could break the world effortlessly, Cas was still unreservedly gentle towards Dean. But now when Dean looks at him, Cas’s expression is devoid of any affection or care and that strikes Dean through the core.
Dean slumps his shoulders. He knows he should just rip the bandaid off, but every time he thinks about Jack, all he can see is the box and the gun, and the shame washes over him, skating over his skin like a scar; but, Cas is looking at him with such gentle hope that Dean says, “Okay, I will.”
“How are you feeling?” Dean asks as he plops down onto the stool across from Jack, who smiles a smile so obviously forced that Dean has to roll his eyes. “And don’t say you’re fine.” Jack opens his mouth to say something, possibly to argue that’s not what he wants to say, when Dean says,  “Trust me, Jack, you can’t bullshit a bullshitter. So, spill.”
“I think I’d like to try it,” Jack tells them. He’s quiet for a moment, but then laughs. “I think I found some movies on what to do in high school, and they have my favorite actor, Zac Efron.”
, Dean. It’s not like she’s easily accessible anymore,” Sam says, pinching the bridge of his nose. Dean is about to point out that Crowley always was, but he doesn’t get a chance to because Sam closes his laptop gently, and studies Dean for a minute before his face softens. “Look, I know that you’re worried, but whatever this is, it’s probably just growing pains. He’s practically human now and with that comes normal things like arthritis and migraines. There’s nothing to suggest that he’s actually sick. Besides, it’s
Cas still doesn’t open his eyes. Dean inhales sharply. “Jack tried breaking you out, but it didn’t work, and he thought I could do it. I don’t know why the kid has that much faith in me, or why you do, when I’ve done nothing to deserve that.”
“You’re fine,” Dean says, mostly to comfort this woman that he doesn’t know. He suddenly feels very warm, and all he wants to do is get back to the bunker and drown himself in whiskey. He gets up from the bench and whistles towards Miracle, and she trots over to him. He turns to Mila. “It was nice meeting you.”
Dean thinks that he should probably argue, say that’s unnecessary and that the couch is absolutely fine, but he doesn't. He gets up, pulls his blanket around his shoulder like a cape, and crosses across the room, each step stiffer than the last. The bed creaks when Dean settles down on his side. Cas shifts slightly, moving the sheets so that he’s more comfortable. Dean focuses on the steady sound of Cas’s breathing just to avoid thinking about anything else, like the heat radiating off Cas’s body.
Cas wanders into the room, drops a jar of paint in the corner, and leans against the island, his shoulders brushing against Dean's. Despite trying to ignore the warmth radiating off Cas, Dean feels a jolt of electricity, and he wants to touch him; he wants to take Cas’s hand, touch the pulse point behind his wrist. Instead, Dean stuffs his hands into the pockets of his jacket, curling his fingers together, and focusing on the screen where Sam is asking another question.
Dean feels like his head is going to explode. It’s like he’s explaining a divorce situation to Jack right now and that he should tell the boy that mommy and daddy are fighting right now, but they still love him very much. But, he pushes
“How long?” Cas asks, and Dean pulls back to eye him curiously. Cas chuckles softly and mouths at Dean’s jaw. “It’s a simple question, Dean.”
Dean feels, rather than sees, Jack waking up. It starts with a tiny hand poking his face, which he tries to ignore in favor of curling up further down the sheets and eek every second of sleep he can get out of the day; it quickly turns into a heavy weight, climbing over the bottom half of his body, so now he’s forced to open his eyes. He blinks twice and sees Jack roll in between him and Cas, tumbling over both of them in the process.
“Play stupid games and win stupid prizes,” Billie says with a shrug. “All of you mess with the rules of the living and the dead so often that you’ve pissed off pretty much every cosmic entity out there.”
Dean blinks at Cas and Sam. “Uh - to be honest, the last thing I picked up was something about an Estonian demigod.”
Rowena smiles gently and nods towards Jack. “Both of your responsibility is to support him -- when the power surges through him, he might crumble under the rush, but he needs to stay upright as long as it takes.”
Dean tries rattling his brain for any stories he knows, and finds that he can’t come up with anything. He doesn’t have to though because Cas has him covered.
“It hasn’t been easy for her,” Sam admits. He crosses the room to sit at the edge of Dean’s bed, causing Miracle to hop off the bed and wander out the room. Sam frowns. “You know, everything with Chuck messed her up a little. It’s not that she’s religious, but the idea that God has been fucking with our lives and whatever we had might not be real took a lot out of her, and then there’s the whole disappearing and reappearing thing.”
“I don’t fucking know, Sam,” Dean exasperates, keeping his voice low as to not wake Cas. “He’s probably just tired, but man, you should see him. It’s not a new thing, either. He slept the entire car ride here, and at first, I thought it was because he wanted to avoid talking to me, but now I’m not so sure.”
“It’s okay,” Jack says quietly. His face is set into a purposeful determination. He looks over at Dean, and Dean shoots a small, hopefully encouraging, smile in Jack’s direction, ignoring the sinking feeling in his stomach. Jack turns back to Rowena. “What do I need to do?”
“I don’t need it,” Cas confirms, although with the way he’s hogging the sheets, that seems a bit dubious. He grumbles, “But I do enjoy it and I would ideally like to get more of it right now, if you don’t mind.”
There’s a lengthy pause on the other end and Sam’s voice is cautious. “Are you sure you guys can manage tonight?”
“Thank you,” Dean says quietly. He reaches a hand out to run his fingers over the lapel of Cas’s trench coat because he can and because Cas lets him.
, so Dean sighs. He hands the phone over to Cas and takes the shirt from him. He finds Jack hiding behind a chair. He says, “Hey, buddy.”
Something unreadable flickers over Cas’s face. His voice is slow and deliberate when he says, “There might be a way — it’s dangerous, but I could go to The Empty.”
Right then, Jack runs right in front of Cas who, in one quick swoop, picks him up. He kicks his feet and reaches down towards the floor, but Cas stays firm and settles Jack in his arms. He gives Dean a wary look over Jack’s head and says, “It’s a long story.”
Every face in the room stares at Rowena and she just tilts her head to the side and Billie walks out, holding a book. She has half a smile on her face, or as much of a smile as Billie could ever have, as she drops the book onto the table. Dean exchanges a look with Cas as they all crowd around.
“No, Cas,” Dean says, fingers tapping furiously on the table. Sam shoots him a look, probably to tell him to calm down, but Dean ignores him. He meets Cas’s eyes. “We can’t keep playing with chance when it comes to our lives anymore.
“Please, Billie. Don’t make us lose him again,” Dean begs. He doesn’t have an ultimatum, he doesn’t even have the energy to fight her. He barely has the energy to fight Chuck and that’s out of sheer adrenaline and nearly four decades of increasing PTSD. When Billie doesn’t say anything, Dean sighs. “We’ll give you whatever you want, just — just, please. Please find us another way.”
. He kneels down, opens his arms for a hug, and laughs when a small body collides with his. Jack buries his face into Dean’s chest, and Dean smiles up at Cas. “I think he likes me.”
Dean blinks at the woman who sits down next to him. She has short, brown hair that frames her pale face. She hands over a kite to a boy that looks about five years old, give or take. Even though they don’t get out much, it’s pretty easy to know who everyone is in Lebanon, and he’s never seen her around. Dean clears his throat. “Hey.”
“Yes, Cas, we do,” Dean says firmly. He’s sure Cas can manage just fine; he read hundreds of books on parenting, after all, but also Dean wants to help, and Jack is
Because Cas knows him better than anyone else, he smirks slightly, and raises a brow. “Just do it, Dean.”
Eventually, she pulls out two stacks of papers and says, “These are the forms that need to be filled out. Jack can start classes on October 1st, and I will have Jack’s teachers to send over the month’s worth of classwork he missed, and it’ll be expected that he finishes it all before he starts.”
Cas rolls his eyes, but Dean can tell that he’s amused. He shrugs and says, “I don’t steal them. If I just so happen to stumble on to a situation where I need to be a father figure, well I can’t really say no, can I?”
"Yeah, she's back," Dean says with a wave. He considers the state of their lives that old friends coming back from the dead hardly fazes them anymore. "It's a long story, but Sam really likes hunting with her.” He flashes a toothy grin in Cas’s direction. “Amongst other things.”
“My grace is gone,” Cas tells him, the corners of his mouth curving down. He doesn’t look unhappy, but Dean feels guilty anyways. “Jack tried to put it back together, but it was practically impossible. I decided that it would be best if I gave it up.”
Dean feels himself drifting from focus as he looks through archaic versions of the Bible to figure out information about The Empty. He’s halfway through rereading the same page he’s been trying to read for an hour when Cas walks into the war room.
Cas doesn't lift his head from where he's leaning against the window. "I was thinking about taking him to a local diner and getting him a burger."
“Wait, what,” Dean chokes out, dropping the butter knife in his hand. Cas narrows his eyes in confusion. “You — you think — you really are a fucking idiot.”
Dean paces around the living room, as quietly as he can manage with socked feet. He checks on Jack twice, and both times he finds Jack fast asleep, snoring slightly. He paces, and he paces, and he paces — and Cas doesn’t stir once. He calls Sam four times, and Sam runs through all the information he has.
She hands them everything they need. As they walk back to the car, Dean feels dizzy staring down at the packets of sine and cosine curves, acid and base titrations, and the essay prompts on
Dean laughs. Sure, it’s a two day drive, but they’ve driven longer for things that are decidedly less fun. “Guess we’re going to Minnesota, then.”
Dean bows his head and feels his chest constrict tightly. So, it’s not all better then. He looks at Cas, who averts his gaze to the floor, frowning.
The scene in front of him is so comedic that he almost thinks Gabriel zapped them into some movie. There’s Cas, with his hair in fifty directions and a scowl on his face, chasing after a toddler with mousy brown hair that’s currently drowning in one of Dean’s t-shirts. It takes Dean a minute, but when the boy smiles, it becomes obvious. Dean exchanges a look with Sam, who just shrugs.
Dean hesitates, cracking his eyes open to scan the room, hoping against hope, before closing them again. He’s doing better than most nights at not breaking down. “I still don’t know why you couldn’t tell me sooner. We could have figured it out together. There’s a lot of things that I wish you’d have told me sooner, man. Although, I guess, I didn’t tell you a lot of things either. I wish I could have told you that —”
Dean shudders. He doesn’t like to think of those long weeks while Cas was dead.  It’s easily the lowest he’s ever been, but Cas doesn’t know that, and Dean isn’t about to open up about that. Instead, Dean says, “It’s probably for the best. Imagine doing all the shit we do with a newborn.”
“It’s the thought that counts,” Jack says with a shrug, but there’s a hint of an actual smile crossing over his face now. Sounding far wiser than his years, Jack says, “I forgive you, Dean, and I hope you can forgive yourself.”
Logically, Dean knows that it’s a throwaway line, and Cas doesn’t actually care about getting married; hell, they probably can’t get married in any legal capacity anyways, but it doesn’t stop Dean from thinking about it really fucking hard. He doesn’t even know where to start; he could propose and do the whole nine yards with a pawned ring and everything or he could just wait until Cas brings it up again. The problem is that Cas doesn’t bring it up again. He carries on with his life like nothing happened, and Dean is left googling
Dean eyes Cas and Jack behind him. Cas shrugs, yawning again. He sighs. “Yeah, that’ll be fine.” He takes the keys that the woman offers him.
Dean wanders restlessly; he taps his foot in a quick rhythm against the floor and checks the timer. It’s been twenty two minutes; Cas has thirty eight minutes left. He watches Jack drum his fingers on the desk as he looks at his own timer. Dean can feel his hands getting clammy, the sweat dripping down his face.
“I think he wants this one,” Cas says from where he’s holding Jack in front of him. Jack is stretching out of Cas’s hands towards a stuffed bear. He manages to reach it and pushes a button, which causes the bear to start talking. Cas blinks at it before staring at Dean. “The toy bear talks, Dean.”
Jack gets fussy as soon as they set foot in the store. He doesn’t struggle or anything in Cas’s arms, but he pouts and frowns and kicks his feet so that they’re lightly hitting Cas’s stomach. Cas gets restless quickly too; it doesn’t help that every employee they pass by coos at Jack. Cas awkwardly makes pleasantries while Jack keeps sulking, his tiny fists squeezing together into Cas’s trench coat.
“I can give you a human soul,” Billie says after a moment. “However, you should know that you will be human in every sense of the word — you will get sick, you will feel aches that you’ve never felt before, you will age, and you will eventually die. Even more than that, there will come a time when you will forget your oldest angelic memories, but you will remember the ones you’ve made in your vessel. You haven’t had the easiest time lately with your diminishing grace, so I feel like it’s my responsibility to let you know that everything you’ve been feeling is a minor side effect of humanity.”
It’s not until after dinner that Sam pulls Dean aside. They’re on the back patio; Sam doesn’t say anything for a long time, and Dean feels twitchy. If he was still drinking, this is the part where he would focus on his drink and ignore Sam’s sideways glances that he thinks are sneaky, but are painfully obvious.
“I thought that if I could come back here with a win for you, you would welcome me back. I’m really sorry that I couldn’t do that,” Jack says, quietly.
to do this. Mary was always going to be a sore topic between them, but Dean can’t run from it forever. Not when Jack, soulless and an actual child, is willing to talk about it. Dean meets Jack’s eyes and nods slowly.
“I have an option for you, Castiel,” Billie says, voice firm but still betrayed by a level of warmth. “You have a vial of your grace in your hands, and I can increase that enough for your seraphim powers to return.” Dean watches Cas twist the vial in his hand, eyeing it warily. When he doesn’t speak, Billie continues, “Or, I can give you another option.”
Dean flushes and ducks his head, but Jack just eyes him curiously. If he senses everything Dean is feeling, he doesn’t say anything. Instead, Jack takes the jacket from him. Within a few seconds, he waves the blood off the jacket into a vial he produced. He smiles slightly. “This might actually work.”
Cas places his beer bottle down on the counter and takes a small step forward so that he’s in Dean’s space. He draws his hand down from Dean’s shoulder, over the underside of his wrist, and when Dean turns to look at him, Cas slides his fingers up Dean’s wrist. Dean inhales slowly, but doesn’t look away, instinctively pulling Cas closer. Dean catches Cas’s eye and licks his lips. Cas looks up at him, dropping his hand. Dean’s breath hitches.
“I think I’m getting somewhere,” Dean lies and he knows that Cas knows that it’s a lie, but Cas doesn’t call him out on it. Dean clears his throat and asks, “How’d Jack do?”
After a moment, Jack - their normal, late teenage but still actually two year old, Jack - stares at them. He alternates between looking at his own body and all their faces.
Dean sees Cas tighten his grip on Jack’s hand. Chuck makes a wordless noise of fury, and more lights shatter around them. Rowena and Billie use everything they have to help Amara hold Chuck up. Eileen drops the ingredients in the cauldron as she recites the words given to her by Rowena. The fire from the cauldron erupts and the heat from the flames burns hotter, faster; they reach up to the person they’re trying to bind and Chuck lets out another strangled sound. The heat in the bunker grows to an unbearable level, and all Dean can do is tighten his grip on Jack.
“No, it doesn’t,” Sam quips, scratching the back of his neck. He eyes Jack. “Will Dean be okay in The Empty?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says softly, the corners of his mouth quirking up into a small smile. He places the vial on the side table to face Dean completely.
He hugs Sam once and Jack starts reciting the incantation. The vial of Cas’s blood burns up, while Jack’s blood rises up to create a rift. Slowly, painfully slowly, the rift begins to open, revealing the black ooze that haunts Dean’s nightmares. He takes one last look at Sam and Jack, and steps into the rift.
Lately, he finds that he hates sleeping because he dreams, and his dreams are relentless in their cruelty. He dreams of his mother, gone too soon, and just when he got her back in the first place. Dean dreams about Jack and the gun in his hand, Chuck's cold smile, and Cas looking at him like he can't recognize him anymore. Dean dreams about Cas's hand in his, fingers trailing down his body, only for Cas to fix him a look and leave him empty and alone. He dreams of his own anger and rage, eating him up from the inside and pushing away everyone he's ever loved until he's all alone.
When he opens his eyes again, Cas is staring at him with such gentle fondness that Dean feels a rush of warmth surge through him. Cas smiles. “Dean Winchester, I have no doubt that you can do anything you want to.”
“Or, Cas escaping,” Dean fills in the blanks. They’ve pissed off every cosmic entity out there at some point. It’s really no surprise that they’re not all that willing to work them anymore. Dean runs a hand over his face and asks, “So, it’s hopeless then.”
Dean plays The Rain Song for Cas one night when they’re alone in the bunker. He lets the low guitars and the steady drums wash over him as he considers the words. He has a weird relationship with music in general; oftentimes, it was a way to impress a father who never seemed to be impressed, and sometimes it was for himself to communicate something he didn’t know how to communicate.
When Cas catches him looking, his tips his head to the side and squints in confusion. Dean shakes his head. “It’s nothing. We should pay and get out of here.”
Cas hesitates, looking ahead. Dean waits because whatever this is about, Cas will get there eventually. Which he does because after a moment, he frowns and says, “Billie warned me that I would eventually start losing my angelic memories, and I know it’s starting already. There’s a lot of things I logically know happened, but I don’t
for the third time in a week, and ignore every one of his emotions. No, it’s almost like it knows Dean is going through a crisis, and decides that this is the best time for all the monsters to come out and wreak havoc. There’s a vampire nest in Burkittsville; there are seven missing children in Shreveport, and a Norse demigod in Billerica, and they’re all fucking annoying.
He loves the bunker, he does. It’s been the closest to a home he’s ever had, but he would be lying if it’s not cold and clinical sometimes. Every corner he turns, there’s a reminder of the things they’ve all gone through. They’ve all nearly died in the bunker, nearly killed each other in the bunker, and it’s just time to move on, time to build something somewhere else.
“The usual,” Dean says. It was the Mark tonight, but other nights it’s Hell, and sometimes it’s the numerous bodies that piled up over the years.
“There’s a case about an hour away,” Jack says as soon as they cross state lines back into Kansas. Dean instinctively grips the steering wheel tighter, his knuckles whitening in front of him. Jack, for his part, doesn’t notice anything. Dean can barely make out the kid scrolling through his phone in the backseat in the rear view mirror. He continues, “It’s at a school and according to this, it might be a ghost or a revenant.”
“Thank you, Castiel,” Jack tells him and Cas pulls Jack into a side hug, and Jack leans into it. Looking at Rowena, he says, “This will work, right?”
Cas stays silent for a long time, twisting the vial in his hands. From where Dean is sitting, he can see the wetness in Cas’s eyes. When he does speak eventually, his voice cracks slightly. “I choose — I choose to be human.”
Cas just nods before walking up the stairs. He doesn't say goodbye before he leaves for Sioux Falls.
“Sucks to be you, old man,” Dean says, shooting Cas a grin. Cas pouts, glaring at him. Dean bites the inside of his mouth to keep from smiling. He asks, “How’d the case go?”
They make a silent decision to not tell Sam about the house until it’s ready. Dean doesn’t know why or how they came to that decision, but he likes to surprise people, most of all his kid brother. As October gives way to November, the house starts coming together bit by bit. They do the roof first, stripping the curling shingles and pulling out the rotting wood underneath. Cas does most of the work because, of course, he does, but Dean does his part too — half of that involves admiring the sweat running down Cas’s back and the other half involves staying out of the way as Cas figures it out.
He knows that Cas is studying him from the corner of his eyes, but he doesn’t say anything. Instead, he stands up and rubs his hands on his jeans before reaching a hand out. Dean immediately takes it and lets Cas pull him up. Cas squeezes his hand, and Dean feels a rush of gratitude surge through him and feels Cas anchoring him to the then and now.
“I would have done the same thing,” Dean finally manages, even if his insides feel like they’re betraying him at every second. Every time, Dean thinks, every fucking time. He’s lost Cas so many times that it almost feels like it’s his destiny to grieve him forever. He rasps, “How long do you have?”
Dean gets out of bed early, pulling his dead man bathrobe tightly around himself as he walks down the empty hallways. As he turns the corner leading to the kitchen, the smell of coffee wafts down the hallway. When he makes it to the entryway, he spots Cas, dressed in soft track pants and a t-shirt, pouring himself coffee. His hair is sticking up in fifty different directions and his eyes are bleary. He glares at his coffee mug as if he could get the caffeine to kick in ahead of schedule; he pouts when that doesn’t seem to work, and it’s
"Are you okay?" Dean asks as they make their way up the stairs to the Sheriff's office. Even though they're actively looking for him, Jack still remains a very sore subject, and Dean doesn't want to push those buttons if he's going to regret it later. When Cas doesn't say anything, Dean tries again. "You know, what happened with Jack was a tragedy."
Dean scratches the back of his neck. “Trust me, there’s nothing I want more than Chuck meeting his end, but just give us some time to find another way.”
“I think I have arthritis,” Cas grumbles, collapsing onto the chair across from. He squints his eyes in concentration. “Potentially sciatica as well.”
When they pass through the blankets section, there’s some debate on whether the baby blue blanket with cows on it or the pale green one with ducks on it is more Jack’s style, but they decide it’s neither when Jack grabs a baby pink blanket with elephants on it. There’s also a debate on what toys Jack needs; Dean insists that he should get a bunch of hot wheel cars with the little ramps to slide them down, while Cas thinks Jack should get something more mentally stimulating. Once again, Jack wins the debate.
“And what about you?” Sam asks as he zips up one of his duffle bags. He hooks it over the handle of Eileen’s suitcase.
?” He lets out a strangled laugh. Dean knows he’s losing any grasp of himself with each word he says, but he doesn’t care. If he could shout, he would. He chokes out, “You said the one thing you want was something you can’t have, but you never asked me. You didn’t let me say my piece.”
“Well, that’s as much a reason as any for me to want Chuck dead,” Billie says with a hint of a smile. “Maybe after this is all over, you boys will make my life a lot easier.” She pauses and looks at them. “I can’t make any promises, but I will reach out to you if there is an alternate way, but if there isn’t —”
Dean considers his words very carefully. “I mean that if you get to Santa Fe, and this Adam seems dangerous, I want you to get back to the bunker and wait for reinforcements. Cas is going to be graceless and —” Dean freezes, unable to get the words out.
Dean tries pulling on a sweater vest on Jack, and Jack immediately stares at him like he’s lost his mind, which is absolutely fair.
“Woah,” Jack says, passing his hands in front of his face. He turns to Dean and says, “I feel like I’m on fire.”
"Hell," Sam says over the phone. Leave it to Sam to use Dean’s absence to come up with another mind-blowingly terrible idea. Dean opens his mouth to argue, but Sam continues, "Listen, the archangels were there when Chuck locked Amara up, right?"
He can go a week if he really wants to, and he does really want to, but anything more than that is a struggle. Deep down, he knows that Sam is probably right and this is a problem.
Billie’s voice cuts Cas off and instantly, Cas is on his feet drawing his angel blade, wincing at the sudden movement. Dean shoots up to his feet, offering support to Cas, before turning to Billie, drawing his gun.
“Chuck is almost done destroying all the other worlds. Once he’s done with them, it’ll be our turn, so we need to be prepared,” Billie says, darkly.
Dean blinks and looks between Jack and Cas. "What the fuck do you mean that you're not coming back to the bunker?" He tries really hard to keep his voice level, but Cas's face immediately closes off, and he clenches his jaw in a way that tells Dean that Cas doesn’t want to have this conversation, but Dean doesn’t care. Dean glares. "We drove all this way to get Jack and
It’s nice, Dean thinks, that Sam can have this. It’s not like they’re poster children for normalcy, but as far as potential Sam Winchester cursed girlfriends go, Eileen is faring better than most. At least she’s a hunter and a legacy, so it’s not like Sam needs to keep secrets from her. They cook together; they clean together; hell, they watch boring documentaries on Netflix together. It’s the kind of domesticity that normal — well, maybe, not
Dean looks up from Jack’s emergency contact form to where Jack is filling out another form. He mentally calculates a year that’s acceptable for a high school sophmore and says, “May 18, 2005.”
“Fair enough,” Sam concedes. Eileen strolls into the room with her duffle bag, and Sam’s face immediately lights up. “Hey, ready to go?”
Dean twists his fingers into his bed spread, pulling a loose thread. He says, “Cas would be so proud of you. He always said that you’d do great things, and I know I didn’t always believe him, but I just want you to know that I couldn’t be more proud of the person you’ve become.” Dean can feel the tears stinging his eyes. “I know you miss him. I miss him too, you know. If there’s even a chance that you could help bring him back, that would be great. I know you said you want to be hands off, and I respect that, I do, but if you could just bend the rules just this once. I’m trying; I really am, but I just don’t know what to do, kid.”
Almost like everything in their lives, nothing is ever as easy as it looks. The revenant wasn’t just unbelievably old — over a  hundred years — and immensely powerful, but it’s also way more violent than they expected. They got there too late to save two of the teachers, and by the time they got to the third one, he’s bleeding profusely. Dean sends Jack and Cas to take the teacher to the hospital, and works to resolve the ghost’s issue. It’s something about the school being a former school for misbehaving boys, and the entire thing hits frustratingly close to home. Still, he works it out because that’s what he does.
“No, I do — of course, I do,” Dean says, his voice cracking slightly. He eyes the aisle to make sure nobody is around to catch the conversation. “I just — fuck, Cas. I had a speech planned for when I finally asked you.”
“I can’t believe this is ours now,” Dean muses, staring up at the house. It’s an ugly little thing, but it’s their ugly little thing.
His face feels warm. It’s entirely too early in the morning for this. Dean opens his mouth, closes it again. He repeats, “We’re not — it’s not like that.”
He corners Dean in the kitchen on a night that neither of them can sleep, which seems to be every night lately. The nightmares go unsaid, but Dean doesn't have to press hard to know what Sam's are about, and Sam doesn't need to look far for Dean's. There's the empty shell of their mother's corpse, so far beyond recognition that they couldn’t even attempt to bring her back. There's Chuck and the impending doom that sits over their heads and the very fact that nothing about their lives is real. There's Rowena, and there's Jack. There's Cas,
Cas tilts his head and narrows his eyes to study Dean. He doesn’t get a chance to push because Jack walks into the room wearing a backpack and looking every bit a high schooler. If Dean gets a little misty at the sight, well, nobody has to know.
Cas is silent for a long time, closing the back of the truck, before he nods. “I think that’s a great idea, Dean. Your liver might be quite thankful for that, as well as Sam, probably.”
He sounds like a complete moron and everyone in the room knows it. Dean wonders how rude it would be if he just ran out right now and shut himself in his room. Sure, that would make everything infinitely more insufferable with Cas, but at least Dean can get away from the here and now. When he looks at Cas again, his mouth parts open and he looks like he wants to say something else, but he doesn’t get a chance to because Jack comes back out of his room.
Jack tilts his head and narrows his eyes in concentration, or as much concentration a two year old can manage and says, “Yes!”
Amara raises a brow. “Well, it’s a vast nothingness that existed before my brother and I came into being, and it will exist long after both of us have been destroyed.”
Dean considers it. He doesn’t think about it, for the most part, which is probably for the best because there’s a lot of memories he doesn’t like touching. He shrugs. “I guess I focus on the here and now whenever I can. You know, stuff that I did with you, Sam, Jack, Eileen, and the rest of our family. I mean, it might not be Mount Everest, but it’s something.”
“I’m Mila,” She tells him, reaching a hand out. “I come here almost every day, and I’ve never seen you around.”
Dean looks at Jack, who pouts at him. Dean shakes his head and grins. “I know, buddy. We’ll get him.”
“Did you and Castiel get married?” Jack asks as soon as they’re out of earshot. He widens his eyes and looks at Dean with genuine hurt. “Was I not invited?”
Dean controls the trembling in his hands to hunch down and lift Jack off the ground. Sam is instantly by his side as they manage to get Jack to a bed. Rowena instantly pulls out a spellbook to get to work.
Dean just nods, unsure of his own voice. The burst of light and the black void flash in his mind, and Dean swallows hard. Desperation etches its way through Dean.
Dean pulls Cas closer so that his face is tucked against Dean’s chest. “What do you think will make you happy enough for it to be summoned?”
“It has to be astrologically compatible with yours,” Jack points out. Dean vaguely considers taking Jack’s laptop away from him. He knows he looks confused because Jack just sighs. “Dean, it’s a
“Grab Eileen, then,” Dean says, with a wave. Something dark crosses over Sam’s face, and Dean immediately narrows his eyes. “Dude.”
“A boy,” Dean says, shutting down the strange mixture of guilt, pride, and sadness that rises through him. “Jack, he’s...” Dean frowns, looking up at the sky again.
Cas puts the spellbook back on the shelf - this time it’s much, much higher, and drops down to the floor. He ruffles Jack’s hair. Dean twists so that he’s sitting cross legged on the floor across from Cas, with Jack in his lap. Cas aimlessly reaches over to the talking teddy bear and hands it over to Jack who finally seems content enough to just sit around and play with it.
Cas is stirring the soup on the stove with all the concentration in the world, like making dinner is the same as leading armies in heavenly battles. Dean bites the inside of his mouth to keep from smiling too hard. He walks over, careful not to wake Jack up and asks, “Need help?”
“Look, I’m sure the two of you have a lot of catching up to do, and I’d just ruin the mood,” Dean explains, raising a hand to silence Sam’s protests. “Miracle and I can just hang out here while the two of you make out like teenagers. It’s fine.”
. It's at the tip of Dean's tongue, and he could say it, but he doesn't because if there’s one thing that he’s better than most people at, it’s not saying things like that. Instead, Dean narrows his eyes at Cas. "The last thing we need is to blow Billie's plan because you want to be reckless."
Jack eyes him with the same innocent curiosity that he views most of the world. Despite Jack not being Cas’s actual kid, there are moments when the resemblance is uncanny.
“Then, we have an agreement,” Amara says. Dean hesitates, twisting his fingers around. Amara eyes him curiously. “There’s something else, isn’t there?”
“Amara,” Dean fills in, the anxiety bubbling up inside him. He feels Cas let out a sharp breath next to him. Dean sighs. “I can talk to her.”
Cas kisses him, first softly, and then properly, and Dean sighs into it. He shifts, pulling Cas closer still so that he’s half on top of Dean. He touches his tongue to Cas’s bottom lip and Cas hums into it, and opens up to let him in. Dean rolls back onto the bed and pulls Cas on top of him. Cas holds his face as he nudges at his jaw. Dean tilts his head, a soft noise breaking out of his throat at the feel of  Cas pressing an open-mouthed kiss to his neck.
With how casual Cas is acting, Dean thinks that he doesn’t realize just how shocked Dean actually is. He throws all his brain power into finding Clive McAllister’s grave just to keep the loop of
“Sure,” Dean agrees. He loves the stupid trench coat more than he’ll ever admit. Dean kisses Cas again for good measure because that’s a thing he can just do now.
Dean stares at Rowena. Hell, everyone stares at Rowena. It’s Cas who breaks the silence. “And you’ve had it all this time?”
Dean turns around. Jack gives him a pointed look. “You need to promise me that if you can’t find a way, you’ll let me do this, no matter what Cas says.”
“I was an ass,” Dean finishes for him. Jack shrugs, but doesn’t correct him, which to be fair is probably because that’s the truth. Dean sighs. “Yeah, well, when your best friend starts dying every other year on you, you tend to have trust issues.”
“Nah, that’s all they do at that age,” Dean says with a wave. “He’ll wake up soon enough. Then he’ll probably eat, play, and then probably fall back asleep again.”
Dean is leaning against the kitchen island, whiskey glass in hand, when Sam walks in. He immediately frowns and shoots Dean a look when he catches sight of the glass. Dean twitches, fully ready to get defensive over his drinking habits, but Sam doesn’t say anything about it. Instead, he walks over to the fridge and pulls out a half-eaten sandwich. He quietly moves to sit at the table, pulling out his tablet, and wordlessly scrolls through something. Dean thinks that’s it and that Sam would leave well enough alone, but it doesn’t last long, and Sam starts to get twitchy, darting his eyes around the room as he taps his fingers on the table.
There’s a whiskey bottle stashed under the bed that Dean hasn’t touched in three weeks, which is the longest bout of sobriety he’s had in at least two decades. He manages to dodge Cas and Jack when they get back to the bunker to sneak into the room. He pulls it out to eye the golden brown liquid.
When he opens the door, Cas is at his desk, staring down at a book. He doesn’t look up when Dean walks in; Dean twitches his fingers, looks around, not knowing what to do now that he’s actually here. He takes a step towards the bed and sits down. He waits for a moment and hopes that Cas takes pity on him and says something, but when he doesn’t, Dean clears his throat. “I talked to him.”
Dean stirs awake when he hears the quiet whimper from next to him, and instinctively tightens his arm around Cas. The first few weeks after Cas gave up his grace, they plagued him constantly. The nightmares aren’t as common anymore, but they still flicker in and out. Dean runs an arm down Cas’s side and waits till his breath steadies, and whatever it is tonight disappears into the recesses of his mind.
Dean lets out a low chuckle at that. "Probably better than what he's been eating." Cas hums in agreement but doesn't say anything else. The silence between them feels strange. It's not like Cas is much of a talker under normal circumstances, but the strain is unbearable right now.  Quietly, Dean says, "You know I miss him too, right?"
That's the million-dollar question, and Dean doesn't know the answer. He doesn't know where to even start. Even at the best of times, Cas is flighty — desperate to stake his life on a new crusade, but this time, it's different. Cas didn't go somewhere to do something; Cas walked out on them, on
“Yeah, I would be too,” Claire says, wrinkling her nose. “You should get an actual house. Cas would like that.”
"Yeah, about that," Sam says slowly, eyebrows drawing together in worry. "You never told me why he left in the first place."
Sam returns a couple of hours later with a vial of purple fluid. Jack eyes it apprehensively, but he stays relatively calm, while Cas injects him with it. He immediately keels over, and Dean feels a twist of worry in his gut, but then Jack slowly starts aging up. They put him in Dean’s oversized shirt, so at least he has some dignity while he returns to normal.
Jack’s face looks like it’s going to split with the force of his smile. “Well, you should be a Gemini which means your birthday should be between May 21st and June 20th.”
Sam is silent for a long time as he stares at Dean. Eventually, he says, “You should talk to Cas as well.”
“That doesn’t make it better,” Dean argues. “I used to say that to my dad, you know. When he’d be an absolute scumbag, I’d tell him it was okay. Hell, I told him that
Dean drops the all purpose flour into the cart next to the butter. He eyes the shelf for the garlic croutons, but a very specific one. There’s one on the far shelf, and Cas spots the woman reaching for it and immediately moves. Normally, Dean doesn’t give a shit about what they get, and more often than not, they’ll save money buying store brand, but he’ll fight tooth and nail for Mrs. Cubbinson’s. He holds his breath, watching as Cas moves quickly. It’s almost like he has his grace still with the speed he moves, grabbing it off the shelf before the woman can reach it. Cas bows his head apologetically when the woman glares at him, but as soon as she walks away, he turns to Dean and grins.
