“Must suck to have it thrown back in your face. Doesn’t it, Holmes?” The Irishman resumes, a curl of amusement giving way to his slithering enjoyment. A door clicks to a close, resulting in Sherlock clumsily grabbing at the circlet of the cleaning supply crowning him as he hurriedly lifts it to look upon his intruder. “Not that I haven’t enjoyed listening to you crumble and crack over your supposed element. But I thought I’d join the party.” Ah, so he had been listening in, and only he would.
Sherlock raised a shaky hand to his bruised lips, only parting them for his sweet nicotine. No one else. Not once more. And thought, as his head leant against the cool ceramic of the Victorian bathtub. Completely empty and dry, save for the beanpole dressed to a T in skintight jeans, The Rolling Stones, and paint redder than the shirt's trademark kiss. Just thought as he watched rings of smoke fade into nothingness.
Sherlock peered at him over his shoulder and turned towards him, John nearly twitched in irritation at the height difference. "How else could I have possibly discerned the scene I witnessed?"
A muted clatter of books held in a polyester book-bag to his right shatter his much-needed stupor. Another, louder thump completing the segue as someone lands far too casually beside him. Oh, that must have hurt terribly on these unforgiving seats, he thinks unconsciously as he hunches over his desk a little more upon the disruption, purely startled is all.
A hooded figure entered through the lobby holding a large black case, about two feet in diameter. They were dressed in a black zip up hoodie and dark wash jeans observing the lobby with hooded eyes, steps long and determined. At first glance the boyish figure would appear to be an outcast or a teenager going through some phase, but upon closer inspection you would notice the hidden feminine contours of the body and their aged face. But today the hotel lobby was bustling with people, all filling the air with excited chatter of the ceremony taking place in an hour or so. Perfect.
He was quickly rewarded for his efforts with a swift foot to the stomach. John hunched forward and onto the ground, feeling the rough pavement slice the skin on his palms. Before he could recover or look up he was kicked in the side of the head causing him to crash to the ground. Everything was a haze and he could hear faint snickering above him. Sluggishly lifting his hand to survey the damage done to his temple he tenderly touched the cut and felt the entire side of his face erupt in a strange numb burning sensation.
Sherlock stumbles again and John tightens his grip, fully prepared to strap him into bed if Sherlock resisted mandatory rest. While doubting he’d need to. And disparaging that fact alone. The whole scenario closely resembled a night on the town gone wrong and ending in a drunken stumble back home. Despite residing at university. “I got you some.”
. It’s not like it’s reciprocated. And if it were, would it really save you from bleeding out after getting shot by some trigger-happy fellow?”
?” He shouts at her, voice a shrill whisper. He pulls his Uni sweatshirt over his head and pats it down his torso, taking in the mess of soda cans and Ben and Jerry’s ice-cream boxes littering the floor and coffee table. He hadn’t eaten in two days to elongate his foci, so the sight wasn’t terribly shocking. She always did pamper him, leaving him wary and convinced she were set on offing him someday. Or he was just her boy-toy who happened to be her near-intellectual equal. One of the diminutive parse reasons he allowed her fickle drop-ins every few months or so.
Delayed. The word has been nipping at him for a while now. Despite commonsense dictating the prediction of an untimely affair would have been bonkers, but damn if he couldn’t kick the guilt for the life of him. God, he was so tired.
John sucked and bit at the inside of his cheek. Clicking his tongue, John looked down again and was met with a raised brow in response to his 'disciplining-mother's' pose. "It's indecent, I refuse."
"Ah!" An alerting vowel sounded from the backseat. "Take a left at the prostitute on the corner, yes, right there." The cabbie smirked upon catching sight of his destination. He chuckled lowly and glanced up at his customer through the rearview mirror. His mysterious customer, hunched over and leafing through his wallet, returned his lewd, reflected gaze with a confused one of his own.
Repositioning his arctic glower onto Christie: who appeared to be forcing the poor girl to relay her beliefs. And provoke Sherlock into exploding on her for reasons he didn't dare dwell on. John hovered a few feet behind him, hesitant of worsening the situation and unsure of what to do, he
Sherlock waves away the short-lived question like the pest it is, and inevitably will be. “Obvious, he’s been an overbearing father-hen ever since his divorce to compensate for the separation of his child. Tragic, he would’ve done swell with the skills he possesses, swell for
"If you don't mind me asking, what is the emergency?" He asked, glancing at Gavin as he caught up to his pace and fell into step with him. "Nothing dramatic, just a mix up in files a few days ago at a family meeting." Gavin humphed suddenly in amusement and closed his eyes as though he were remembering something while Lestrade jumped at the noise. "Thought I'd just stop by, pay her a visit, maybe take her out for lunch and hand her her file back over coffee, discuss our plans for the future." He smirked at Lestrade and shrugged looking forward again. "Semantics."
Sherlock manages to rub his fingers roughly across his forehead, then holds them out in an imploring manner, feeling his lips tighten into a grim line. Even as slight joy and relief ebb in his chest at the response, he’s ecstatic to put on a show of composure and surety. Practice makes adequate. The thrumming anxiety of constant sensory input that hosted the lack of distraction when in public and being wholly bombarded by unwanted data still has yet to be conquered. This will do for the time being.
well known. Sherlock hardly came out, never attended an event, joined a club. Submerged, just under the radar. A muted dot signaling an abandoned submarine. Mmm, too far. He vocalizes a polite "That's none of your concern." And it wasn't, nor would it ever would be.
Feeling another wholly unwelcome pang spike through his chest. John cursed loudly when his eyes burned and gripped the bowls edge tightly. Squeezing his eyes tighter when a knock shook the bathroom stall's door.
Sherlock scoffed and released him; leaving him feeling warm. He leveled John with a sullen wry stare and questioned. "Why? Because I'm a man?" He cocked his head, even as his posture slackened. "This isn't the 1960s, Watson. I'm not concerned with man's fragile masculinity, nor their unrealistic façades created in effort to fulfill women's standard. Stereotypes are worthless and stifling." John said nothing as Sherlock shook his head in relent and  recede to the kitchen; shoes disturbing the wooden debris as he forcefully ambled on.
READ MY FUCKING SUMMARIES FROM THIS POINT ON OR THE ENTIRE FUCKING STORY WILL BE LOST ON YOUR IGNORANT PUSSYLICKING MINDS
“Would you ask them to hurry the hell up?” Mike groaned, long cold and tired from their 4-minute wait. "We've been standing here for hours!"
Sherlock stares at him with the beginnings of a squint. Unabashed as the silence stretches into the background static of the room.
Sherlock barely smothers a 'yuck' at the pet name--eugh infintalism--, and settles for clearing his throat before it sounded like something else. "Excuse me." He makes his presence known politely and reaches down to gather his bag. "And might I advise you privatize your-ah coitus?" Sherlock ignores the way his stomach flutters strangely at the word. "Patrol will be performing their nightly rounds earlier today due to rumored drug dealings." It was true too. Nothing heavy was dealt, only cannabis. Couldn't stand the stuff, it slowed people down and made them talk too much. Never a good combination.
John felt his chest freeze up a bit. Alarmed that all he'd had to do was conduct some simple math to be welcomed in so easily. Apparent colleague or not. Greg must have trusted Sherlock more than he let on, or he was a shit inspector. It made him fear for the institution's security for a moment. Until his rationality kicked on and told him this was a terrible, horrible, very not good thing for a criminal to involve himself in. What had he gotten himself into?
"As if you'd need me. You've got Sherlock." John lightly knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's still form beside him.
“Look,” John rolls his head back to stare at the ceiling beseechingly as he rests his elbows atop the table in front of him to rub his fingers over his pursed mouth harshly. Then turns to Sherlock in a snap of a calm gesture of two imploring hands and a shrug, as if to say ‘that’s all.’. “I’d just like to be able to call you next time you decide to run off at a moment's notice—”
But John, being the strong little soldier he was, refused to be reduced to some philosophical, sniveling mess because some preening prick decided to state the obvious. He was John Watson, Captain John H. Watson. Like hell he’d act like anything less.
Point being, Birkbeck needed a stronger firewall. Preferably one they hadn’t just downloaded and ceased customizing to their system out of sloth. Maybe they were just modest. He wouldn’t blame them for assuming no one wanted to hack their steadily thickening cesspool of mediocre maggots. Still, to care was plainly principle. And just might keep out amateurs. Might. McAfee was piteous at the best of times, truly.
"Doing the maths" had mostly consisted of John hovering over Charles body. His hands being the only thing holding his weight up as he leaned them on the either side of Charles's head. Only leaning back and onto the back of the seat parallel to the mayor's to scribble furiously in his notepad. Some stupid lotto pencil  Anderson threw over before leaving with Sally and Lestrade kept giving him splinters. He probably did it on purpose. John didn't know what his problem was and he didn't like him either.
He steadied himself against the wall, willing his sudden nausea away. Knowing his stomach had nothing left to offer. And not fancying becoming a bawling mess of dry-heaves any longer than necessary. He stood up, feeling small in the cramped Scottland Yard bathroom stall.
Greg eyed 'him' with interest, his arms crossed and holding a walkie-talkie between them as he silently judged.
"Um, Sir?" The kid- Gavin was it?-turned to look up at him over the rims of his square spectacles nervously. He was a pale willowy guy, dressed in a cleanly cut suit, expensive looking shoes, wearing some strong colon and slicked back hair. Greg Lestrade raised a brow and glanced at the screen and back to Gavin again. "Yes?" He asked a tad impatient, didn't this kid understand technical terming? Gavin frowned up at him. "I'm- I was here to pick up my sister, I already work for the government." Lestrade twitched, no wonder the kid looked so confused. " I evaluate the chemistry and chemical studies of tobacco product and other FDA related products." Lestrade heaved a breath and backed away from the chair. "Then why didn't you
“What’s wrong?” Anderson mocks care, eyes half-shut and lax as he brutalizes a minor. Sherlock wants to growl at the unfairness of it all, why couldn't
Sherlock blinked slowly, annoyance heavy on his features as he turned to look inside the café. “Mrs. Hudson.”
Otherwise, he’d be a desperate, sniveling mess of aborted, weakened attempt after aborted, weakened attempt until he’d wrung himself dry. A gradual rise to achieve a certain level of calm and center was necessary between each try. This he’d learned by now, under rather extremely fleeting and developing circumstances. Panic is a lie. And Sherlock was out of practice, lesson flunked, and now all had failed. Leaving him flinching at the memory of a newfound Achilles heel as his stomach twists itself into tangible knots, making him wonder if he’d need surgery after the nauseating sensation abated.
Suddenly a call came from the van. "C'mon, Jay! Lets go!" John's eyes shot towards the van again just in time to see a hooded figure before his head was thwacked to the side, disorienting him. Stumbling to the side he leaned against the wall and; still shocked from the blow. tried to make sense of the world so he could run away. Once the world became slightly clearer he looked up to see the man-Jay staring down at him with a coy smirk. He couldn't feel the side of his face.
Two voices join Mike’s initial soliloquy, morphing into an unabating trilogy, mercilessly heedless of their captain’s blatant turmoil as he hunches over his knees on the damp bench in the field’s locker room. John had attempted to tie his laces, once, but ultimately decided to remain in his crestfallen position in hopes of quelling the gnawing cocktail of guilty anxiety that churned his stomach and made it so easy to think. A feeble groan of despair bleeds past his grimace as he keeps his head bowed.
"How much ya got?" The man asked, face went flat but he could still see the anticipation in the twitching of his hands and nostrils. "Three packets. Pay up." John answered calmly. The man snatched the bag and dug through it while John held himself back from doing something in response to the rash action. The man mumbled a series of "Good. Good. Good." while he sifted through the bag and finally held out a packet of white powder. Looking at it with a mix of relief and excitement he began to open the packet until John cleared his throat again. "Pay up first. And you can't do this out here."
A text buzzed throughout the alley, both of them jumping at the shrill beep the device emitted, John had set it to its highest volume in fear of the call falling deaf on eager ears. John fished out the ancient flip phone from his pocket. It had been a gift for his birthday, his older sister, the only person John could keep in contact with these days, had given him a hand-me-down from her failed marriage when he’d returned from Afghanistan four months ago.
The internet had been his eleventh attempt to quell his "stir-crazy" as Mrs. Hudson had so kindly put it, but it had only satisfied him for so long, he'd even resorted to a cat video ('a'. Not plural. One.). If only to see what all the fuss was about. It wasn't really his cup of tea, though he now understood how one could become obsessed with such garbage.
Sherlock frowned at the door as the incessant knocking continued. "I have a few people in mind." He muttered through grounded teeth. "Maybe
Sherlock lowered the phone to his side, eyes suddenly taking interest in the flurry's erratic pattern and not bothering to hang up. Waste of effort. The phone crackled by his side, something sounding like:
John had been raised to respect the opposite sex his entire life, men being made out as brutes, and hell, even monsters. He was rather nettled at the fact he'd been so easily influenced throughout. It wasn't too uncanny minding the brutes he dealt with on a weekly basis. But god, what was he thinking? Attacking Sherlock like that, sure what he said was horrible but that was no excuse. Sherlock was nothing like those ogres. And the woman had surely been...unpleasant.
Sherlock sat forward and stared back with a blasé expression. "That's none of your concern." John didn't push it, lucky enough as it was that he could get out of this so easily. "Fair point." He held up his hands from the arm rests, keeping his elbows on them and blinked looking away in a sign of subconscious surrender. But it wasn't just subconscious for John anymore, he knew exactly what he was doing.
“That doesn’t even—“ Sherlock frowns and squints, waving his arms in a small, bewildered gesture as though waving away fumes of stupidity. “Moving on, I’d assumed that you’d just returned from lunch with you mother, given the lipstick smudge where you had wiped off the affectionate mark on your cheek she left after her farewell out of embarrassment. Couldn’t be a girlfriend’s lip stain—“ Sherlock grimaces at the syllables for reasons bright, red, and well-known and bites his lower lip in ire. “--given the nonexistent pictures of her, you’d be much too affectionate with a girlfriend you allow to touch you so casually to not have any pictures of her. So it’s your mother.”
"You don't understand! My niece is still in there!" He sharply pointed out with both of his arms, his hands clenched into claws. His teeth were near gritting and tears were still running.
Sarah startled, how long had their church been haranguing this man? She hadn't joined their church, nor followed their beloved God to harass people. Regardless of their wrongdoings. She frowned. "Oh. W-Well we were- we would just like to-"
Upon reaching the living room he crouched down with his back to the wall and resisted the urge to grunt in pain. He half crawled half walked to the edge of the table and peered around it, the light outside reflecting off the wall and allowing John to remain in the shadows. The snow was creating small shadows across the furniture in the room. Then he caught sight of a pale hand dangling over the side of a chair, it had a gun. Suddenly the figure rose. "Bored!" Sherlock aimed the gun at the wall with a flourish and fired. John flinched back; shocked.
Now he only did it because going harpooning for boars made Mrs. Hudson nervous. ...plus, he could delve into their pasts and find any ties to an earlier enemy. Maybe one was trying contact him.
"Was that mommy?" He grinned down at Sarah and stooped down to her level. "Yep!" He replied and clutching her shoulders. "Hey, how old are you again?" He asked with an exaggerated curious frown. Sarah smiled excitedly. "Seven and a half!" Moriarty's face went dumbfounded. "Woah, really? That's pretty cool." He nodded his head and pursed his lips in thought as he looked to the side in impressment. Then he snapped his head back to her. "Do you think you can go in the elevator and press the button that says number twelve and when it opens you go to the door that says the number on your key?"
She stiffened, not in fear but in arrogance, and smirked at him. Sherlock curled his lip in disdain. "Look, we're just encouraging people to read the bible-" What was he? A show? They've done these inane restatements time and time again.
Promptly rewarded for his efforts by being manhandled to the floor while two other men rushed past and one guarded to door with a scary gun. Other occupants chattering growing steadily louder and backing away from the situation. SWAT, punctual as always. Why would SWAT be here anyways, homicide suspect or not. It was alarmingly excessive.
“You were in danger—“ John shakes his head, still frowning at people passing as he lifts Sherlock’s arm over his shoulder.
John’s answer is as punctual as his smirk. “So I can text you during maths.” A smug lift of his eyebrows only adds insult to jibe. “Obviously.”
John momentarily crumpled his face in exasperation with himself for reckless. The inner soldier in him berating him for being so stupid and telling him he'd be dead if the guy wasn't so interested in that wall...or hadn't intervened and stopped those lackeys from stomping him into oblivion.
Grasping the hand in his own, he lowers his other to John's waist. Feeling slightly smaller, warm calloused ones scrape across the sides of his black coat and rest on his own. As a new song comes on, this one appears to be more jaunty-La foule?-, he decides to ask. "May I ask what’s brought you here?"
“Sorry, little busy right now.” His rush of determined awkward is so disproportionate from Sherlock’s apparent tragedy John wants to bash his head into the locker in front of him. But just stays on his knees, arms sure and leaning over to  cuddle the reluctant pole.
“Somehow I also highly doubt you’d be so reckless. There have been no records regarding drug-dealings in your area. It’s admittedly impressive. You’ve managed to evade the map completely.”
His head snapped to the right to see some poor old soul, looking honest-to-god terrified, scrambling out the door and tripping over a few conveniently-placed wooden crates.
It seemed strangely intimate for a brother and sister, Lestrade thought with the beginnings of a grimace. Making another right he knocked on her office door. Gavin just walked forward and grasped the doorknob with a half grin aimed at him. "I've got it from here, thanks." The grin and wide dark eyes made him uneasy but he knew Carol could handle herself, she couldn't have earned her rank without the possession of certain abilities. Gavin winked at him once more and let himself into the office. He waited until he heard talking on the other side and listened as the two traded courtesies. Convinced that no one was going to die, Lestrade made his way back to his office with a shake of his head, barking the occasional order to one agent or another. Today the mayor of London, Charles Abramson, was going to be transported to the glided state coach by car any moment now. The U.S Secret Service agents, the officer transporting him, and most of London was already prepping for the parade.
But Sherlock’s shoulders stiffen all the same. “Uh,” And John rushes to correct himself before he’s even aware he is. “Not literally of course,” John chuckles at the possibility for good measure. “you’re my friend.” John announces in earnest, finding the intensity of the statement a little embarrassing. But true, very true indeed. He wouldn’t have had any other roommate if he could, careless of the way those aware of his rooming arrangement avoided him. All the better to avoid them.
John looks up, a cajoling curl of his lip with as blue eyes make the crisp, fluorescent light sheathing the room in its cold glare from above look warm. Settling back against the pew and scooting an inch closer, John suggests and tilts his head up at him. “Or you could speak English?”
“Oh, don’t fret. I’m not one to impose.” Jim promptly smoothens with a grin as slick as his hair, the shebang of placating gesticulating with an outstretched palm succeeding only in making far more of a mockery than duly appreciated.
“I know.” Sherlock replies, the instinctual urge to spill John’s indubitably slimy guts out to him rearing its head. He wants to smack himself for a moment, because that’s the
A disbelieving grimace now contorted the woman's expression as she looked at Lestrade. "You can't let him bring in a random to investigate a corpse. Much less the mayor's!"
“Oh, you’re a clever one.” Is Sherlock’s sarcastic murmur to his Oppositional Defiance Disorder reference, John hears him slide his binder off the stool and under his arm. The creaking thing only serves as a coat rack by the door, for it couldn’t take the weight of anything more. John conducted the experiment himself, and went to use it, ultimately landing on his ass--the broken thing creaked before a leg gave out and sent him sprawling to the left. A snickering Sherlock had been his only compensation for the failure. Still worth it.
“So, the topic of your essay is… what? Don’t survive off a diet of carrot cake and cigarettes no matter how bad your breakup is?”
attended, with blasting music you couldn't speak over, drinking until they toppled over. Juveniles practically eloping on the dance floor. Oh, no. Aux Trois Mailletz had maintained its class throughout the years, for which Sherlock was exceedingly grateful.
“Aw,” Jim sneers with a vaguely hysteric grin that even Sherlock can’t place the emotions it attempts to express. “you’re so cute and feeble when you sneeze—“
John aimed a content grin up, but it slowly slacked at what he saw there. Sherlock's translucent gaze squinted at him almost adoringly. Eyes smiling more than his pursed mouth, as though he didn't want to show too much. It took his breath away for a moment.
, they’d agree, skin a crinkly paper and limbs weak as they reverently leafed through 72’s yearbook, remembering the sodding line at the office to publish their prides, joys, and hellions on an unpleasantly stuffy summer's day. Crushing regret for missing a shot at something more underneath their overworked, bony thumbs like the pest it is. And inevitably was.
Sherlock twitches, and whips his head away to angrily swipe his sleeve over his mouth in seething rage. John’s arm around his waist keeps him steady as they go.
Sherlock speaks again, unaware of John’s bristling, internal rant. “Do you think stupidity is contagious?”
The sneer leans closer until Sherlock can taste its breath. "Then maybe I can just make sure you never open that little mouth again." Sherlock knows he wouldn't.
Nor was Sherlock willing to forgo his freedom to dawdle about and oblige in hopes he’ll derive a bit of bloody dopamine, endorphins, serotonin or oxytocin for an endpoint he’s already foreseen.
John sat forward on his elbows. "For starters, the location of my pants." And watched with wariness as Sherlock suddenly smiled and set his tea down with a sniff, his nose must have stopped bleeding. "Over there." Sherlock pointed, his beaming gaze never leaving John. John looked in the direction he was pointing at and froze. "Why are my pants on a cows skull?" He asked after a moment and glanced at Sherlock through furrowed brows, mouth set in a grim line. "You wanted to give him a hat, it was snowing after all." Sherlock simply answered, squinting his eyes with a twitching, closed smile.
His preceding dreams to this miniature meltdown where nothing short of alarming. At first, he’d been floating at the sweetly happy little sensation in his chest that usually blossomed and hovered around him all day after his brain decided to reward him for his bright mindset and surroundings in the realm of dreams.
Irene just grins, ruby lips revealing sharp canines. Looking every bit the bitch she is. “How come I always find you hiding away like a little hermit?“
And drops down to the bed, making Sherlock bounce and dip from the sudden weight and bump into him. Only as Sherlock recoils does John notice the weirdness of the statement.
Sherlock glanced at John. "Yes, didn't you hear me?" he spoke with a bland tone, hands continuing their search for wrapping. "Oh, and I'm afraid I can't allow you to contact any of your lackeys seeing as there's no guarantee for my survival and considering your line of work." Sherlock inhaled sharply through his teeth, inspecting two types of bandage. "Wouldn't want one of your friends becoming too excited." John almost gawked for a moment but quickly covered it. "What do you mean by 'line of work'?" He replied crossing his arms and cocking his head a bit as well as refraining from leaning against the wall. Everything was so tender now and he's not exactly fond of the idea of passing out on the floor...again?
His head snapped to the right to see some poor old soul, looking honest-to-god terrified, scrambling out the door and tripping over a few conveniently-placed wooden crates.
-John huffed a strange, small, angry, and vaguely amused sound and raised an eyebrow. "And what do you propose happened?" He asked voice carrying an undertone of anticipation. He'd become rather fond of Sherlock's habit, but could you blame him? The man was a walking computer, instantly gathering information, developing conclusions in a matter of moments, how he spoke so quickly yet with such eloquence.
Nor will a single tear fall, this would make for great practice. Would be a waste, such an opportunity didn't rear its head everyday. And Sherlock's always loved a good challenge.
. "And yes, slamming someone into wall for being rude is to be expected. More often than not it's usually done by said verbal abuse victim. Not spectator."
Sherlock glanced at John. "Yes, didn't you hear me?" he spoke blandly, hands continuing their search for wrapping. "Oh, and I'm afraid I can't allow you to contact any of your lackeys. Seeing as there's no guarantee for my survival and considering your line of work." Sherlock inhaled sharply through his teeth, inspecting two types of bandage. "Wouldn't want one of your friends becoming too trigger-happy." John nearly gawked for a moment.
John opens his mouth, his lips twitching around vowels yet to be granted a breath, and clicks his mouth closed again. “Uh—I, um, I don’t know.”
At least until five kevlar-clad men arrived at the morgue a day later, interrupting Molly mid-onychomycosis-types-speech and claiming Sherlock had committed over 20 homicides. Naturally, John asked what the fuck they were talking about and shoved them back before they could reach Sherlock. Because tasers weren't necessary and he was John's
John groaned, scrubbing his face with his hands, and looked up at the rock. "Jesus Christ." He muttered, his face taking on a rosy hue. "Whatever, you'll see why soon enough." He polled his eyes and looked to Sherlock again. An impish grin, red tinted cheeks, and ruffled hair, all courtesy of his little show of embarrassment. It was a nice look. Rolling his shoulders back John folded his coat sleeves up to reveal strong forearms.
His outburst causes Sherlock to frown at him, crinkle of his brow looking a little too alarmed for John’s liking.
"A paper bag, thugs, violence, a van." Sherlock listed off dully as he looked away and stared at a spot on the wall. "How quaint." He gestured for John to take a seat. "What are you doing?" John asked, looking at his gesturing hand. "Asking you to sit down, it's a commonly used hand gesture, I'm surprised you don't recognize it." He replied doing it again. "I'd like to resume my actions prior to you running to the bathroom and nearly hyperventilating once you caught sight of your wounds." He supplied insensitively but it wasn't mocking. John was too sore and disoriented to care and complied. "I can do this myself, you know." Sherlock watched as John took a seat on the low bathroom counter. Thank god it was low. "Yes, clearly. Now look away." Sherlock proceeded quickly yet with finesse. While John hardly managed to keep himself upright, he felt the occasional warm hand grip his hip or thigh to keep him steady as he worked.
“Open up.” John says, holding the glass thermometer to Sherlock’s mouth. Repressing the urge to pry it against his trembling lips. Because that would be strange, especially after….yeah. John blames his transfixion on the strangeness of a boy wearing lipstick.
Sherlock caught the bag in his left, not once peering his way, and handed it to John. "Says the man who's spent
Kevin snorted and let his hand rest on the counter. "Maybe, God knows she's had dreams about you featuring every kink known to man-"
A exhaust-laden claim poorly repressing a slur makes John’s eyes sharpen from their previously thoughtful, glassy state.
John bites the inside of his cheek as he holds Sherlock’s tiredly incensed glare, then nods slowly. “…ew.”
John rolls his eyes into darkness at the boy’s unexpected humility, frowning down at the quiet chitter of teeth clattering. The guy could steal his hair product under the excuse of its compensation for petroleum jelly because he was out of kerosene and 'needed fire’, but he couldn’t borrow a blanket when he was freezing to death. Even after he was literally tackled into the spectacle.
"Always, you can find her in the café next door, though you'll have to go around front to reach the entrance." Finally glancing up, Sherlock looked him up and down, eyes lingering on his fading bruises.
“I hope Napoleon scalps you both.” Sherlock hisses to the instantly silent bundle of Star Wars blankets and roughly tugs on his dark hoodie.
It wasn't until Ludwig Van Beethoven's 5th Symphony in C Minor came on and John's incessant bladder's urges that they decided to call it quits. When they reached the bar they were laughing, well, John mostly. "Who could possibly dance to that
. It’s not like it’s reciprocated. And if it were, would it really save you from bleeding out after getting shot by some trigger-happy fellow?”
Exhaling sharply, irate glare still in place, Greg tapped the glass of his wrist watch, making rapid little clicks. "
"And it's quite alright, I have been unconscious for the most part. Would have been a shame to not make your acquaintance conscious."
"Inspector Greg Lestrade, Lestrade will suffice." Gavin released the hand and turned to Sherlock, suddenly looking a bit miffed. Completely disregarding a relieved John. "You can't just bring random people to crime scenes, much less
“Is...is that so?” Sherlock inquires, a voice sounding small. An utter opposition to the infuriatingly aloof and intimidatingly intelligent boy he’s come to know.
“Just don’t speak to me, then.” A cautious shrug rolls Sherlock tender shoulders and back while shifts through this week's homework he'd finished last week. Mmm China banning banks from trading bitcoin was notably wise noting their nation’s relative ennui. “I don’t speak for days on end at times, surely you can manage it for two days. Maybe work up a vendetta of silence in retaliation for whatever insecurity my silence predominately evokes.”
that accompanied it. Or the way his entire fucking body loosened at the unpleasantly sweaty contact.
An exhorting snarl breaks past grit teeth, making Sherlock briefly shock back from the loud vociferation. Why would he allow such a scream to resound—ah, morning rush must have fully passed, no one to hear nor care given their convenient placement by the section of the corridor vacant of classrooms given its outdoor architecture. Janitor’s closets must have looked unattractive for razzmatazz in online advertisement.
“Pardon?” John retorts, not really all there as he pulls Sherlock’s flank to his. Marveling at how a waist could be so small and such a tall figure so light. Could he haul Sherlock off the ground while holding him beneath his right arm? Dear God, John’s inner nutritionist was screaming in awed horror at the horrors these hoodies hid. John knows some people have faster metabolisms, naturally lithe physiques, but it was still more than a bit unnerving to feel ribs through three layers of clothing, all right? His nonexistent diet wasn't exactly reassuring either.
John inhaled with a tight smile, so much for plan not-as-bad-of-a-criminal-as-I-could-be. "And why are you
Moriarty entered through the automatic sliding glass doors and took in the scene of chattering people and golden shimmering décor. All with an inhale and exhale of deep satisfaction. Tightening his hold on Sarah's shoulders he made his way to the front desk, bumping and squirming through the crowd and holding Sarah out in front of him so he wouldn't get punched in the nose. Only giving them quick bored apologies in compensation. Once he reached the front desk, he slid a card to the maître d.
Oh, Mycroft would whack him upside the head with his umbrella for mucking up so badly. If he weren't so busy stress-eating. Probably considering choking to death on his pie slab because his beloved baby brother had a taste for visceral parfait garnished with dried epidermis twists.
Once the pain became bearable he took a deep breath and turned towards Sherlock, glare no longer painting his tired face. "Where am I?" John watched as he came over and sat on the corner of the bed with his legs crossed and his hands folded over his right knee, a decent space between them. "Bakers street, apartment 221B." He answered vaguely as he looked to John. John pursed his lips momentarily in irritation stared at Sherlock evenly...and was suddenly overcome with a strong urge. "Do you-do you have a bathroom?" He asked Sherlock in distress. He caught a twitch of their lips though they quickly covered it. "Don't be daft, of course I do." Sherlock sniffed and looked away in mock ignorance. "Perhaps you could tell me
John emerged from the cabinet grumbling and rubbing the top of his head. Did he do that on purpose? Sherlock merely blinked at him. The prick.
A boy stumbles around a far corner and John almost says Sherlock’s name. Almost. The boy’s too tall, too straight judging by the equally inebriated girl hanging off his arm. John turns away before he notices how rushed they look. Strange, when he squints past the shadows encasing the stairway they rush to climb. John can make out Anderson’s rat-like features. He wants to stop them, because women weren’t allowed after hours and without visitor’s pass. This could hurt the team even.
!" She took off towards the more populated areas of the hotel, dragging a dazed and confused Daryll in her wake.
“What do you propose I do then? Eh?” Hissed John, sliding the shredded remains of his once-beloved jacked over his undershirt-clad torso. Having slipped the clean but lightly stained thing back on upon reentering. “Put all my boys at risk because you want me to go play with you?”
“Take-out.” Sherlock mutters into his hair as his cheek leans against the top of his head, John feels warm breath wash over his crown. Sherlock was doing that a lot, just how far gone was he? John fights the urge to double-check for a concussion and decides to get him straight to bed so John can stare at his ceiling all night and contemplate how to approach the subject with a sober Sherlock tomorrow and ask the him for the sod’s name without sounding like an aspiring serial killer.
Clinical and to the point as always. That was Sherlock for you. The realization has always been hovering there. In their disregard, in their slacking, in their damn near constant ‘hey John I can’t make it tonight. Can you fill in?’s.
John’s eyes widen fractionally, sucking in a sharp breath before he begins to choke. No worries, though, as he subsequently gathers himself with a few sound thumps to his sternum and rather vicious
Thankfully, Sherlock came to. "You're... welcome, John. You're welcome." Nodding as though annoyed at his verbal stumbling, Sherlock focused on the rubber appendage- definitely rubber- again. Really realistic rubber. Damn, look at that
John just looked back at the pants clad cow skull with a sigh. Then back at Sherlock and cleared his throat. "Can I?" Sherlock just inclined his chin forward and hummed in question. "May I receive my pants from your cow skull?" Sherlock nodded in assent. "Everything else is in the washer below my floor." Sherlock added after he finished.
And suddenly breaking the damned thing in half. Tobacco gets under his fingernails and he can’t wipe it off on his sweater because a
John looked down at the question. Cautiously smoothing the crinkly plastic over the engravings by the bottom circlet of the long, brass bullet. Yeah, he did. He remembered it vividly. How could he forget digging its twin out of his comrade's upper right thigh with his sandy fingers soaked in sticky red?
.” Sherlock tries at French, confused and shy. Nothing new there. And resolutely stares the other way. He’d reached the section of the corridor where the doors sidled to his left while the right half of the hall was open to view the city’s many stubby structures and vendors made small at fist glance by the good distance granted by the university’s pretentious obelisk mounting the acre of catered, crisp green. Where the school’s rugby field broke off remained out of sight and perpendicular to his panicked form. Hopefully Sherlock needn’t have to jump the rail and book it over, just walk there like a sane pedestrian and use hallways for their crafted purpose.
"What's that supposed to mean?" He spoke slowly and took a step forward. John held his ground, eyes never leaving his. Suddenly a call came from the van. "C'mon, Jay! Let's go!" John's eyes shot towards the van again just in time to see a hooded figure before his head was thwacked to the side, disorienting him. Stumbling to the side he leaned against the wall and, still shocked from the blow, tried to make sense of the world. So he could run away. Once the world became slightly clearer he looked up to see the man-Jay staring down at him with a sly smirk.
Short-lived, however, as said ‘boy’ swoops down before him with a blatant disregard for personal space sparking just a little more wrath from between Sherlock’s lungs.
Sherlock sibilantly pleads, nearly delirious with the tired vertigo rocking his core and churning his stomach.
"Doing the maths" had mostly consisted of John hovering over Charles body. His hands being the only thing holding his weight up as he leaned them on the either side of Charles's head. Only leaning back and onto the back of the seat parallel to the mayor's to scribble furiously in his notepad. Some stupid lotto pencil  Anderson threw over before leaving with Sally and Lestrade kept giving him splinters. He probably did it on purpose. John didn't know what his problem was and he didn't like him either.
.’ All in the span of three days. But this feels more intimate, in a way it was and wasn’t during admonishments of poor regimen and sleeping habit. John couldn’t help but notice, as his thumb smoothens over a prominent, down-turned cheekbone. Encouraging the boy to look him in the eye with quiet care and careful urgency all good doctors knew to coax. This bubble of sorts allows John to touch, the afterglow or after-gloom letting him touch this untouchable being. It’s almost scary in a way, in a pathetically liberating and underlyingly transfixing way.
“Indigo and violet, your mother has lovely taste.” Sherlock observes, worrying the material between his thumb and forefinger with care.
Sherlock plucked the cigarette from his lips, holding the smoke in his lungs until they burned. Either from asphyxiation or the nicotine. And exhaled slowly, grinding the smoldering cigarette bud into his left forearm. He felt it. The pain instant, a shock. But Sherlock didn't hesitate in his ministrations. The skin burned and blistered, browning and blackening from the ash and the heat. Both probably. He wasn't sure which trounced which. He just felt it.
John’s eyebrow twitched, and he leant against the sturdy, mahogany railing. Appearing to try and further tower over Sherlock. Sherlock noticed the act but refrained commenting. Lest he get punched in the face again, no matter how silly it looked.
John looked to his left to see that a dangerous looking Molly was being blocked by a towering soldier. Apparently trying to hash it out verbally, and with every reply the man uttered-just out of ear-shot, her eyes widened before she swooped back in, all angry sibilance. Clearly infuriated at their incompetence, before John returned his attention back to Sherlock and the soldier circling him like a shark.
And then there was that small, nearly-there smile that curled Sherlock’s full lips in quiet surprise whenever John asserted his care in the shape of a careful squeeze on the shoulder, an exasperated reminder of essential sustenance, or a duly-owed complement.
He was so good at it too. Ah, was it because he was precocious? Were they jealous? Surely they all couldn’t be that petulant. Sherlock was just a kid too. Plus, John takes Sherlock in for a moment, he was quite a looker too. Fair complexion, high cheek bones…hair that had probably seen better days. Sherlock must have had a few admirers that would take pity on him.
There was something there, something angry, something desperate, something human. John made to twist from his grip but Sherlock kept his grip sure. A tad nervous now, John scowled and glared up darkly.
John merely nodded ahead and said nothing. Causing Sherlock to clench his teeth and look in the same direction.
“Is this usually a problem with most of your one-night-stands?” For a split second, John seemed a tad uncomfortable. Which was ridiculous. What else could this have been?
. "And yes, slamming someone into wall for being rude is to be expected. More often than not it's usually done by said verbal abuse victim. Not spectator."
It feels so good to deny, Sherlock marvels one day. To deny what they hold so dear. What they yearn to control, to stifle. He’s no masochist, he’d just rather die screaming while conformity implodes in itself before his obstinacy, he swears, a mocking titter duly repressed behind his cigarette and sharp angles. They want to control him, his speed, his brilliance, his body, his experience, all of him. Just beyond their boredom-induced, razor-filed fingertips, manicured to pitiful perfection. He’s no stranger to the hungry glint in their sagging eyes. Something about his appearance must scream “White-collar me!” given the way their eyes brighten the second he enters the room.
Not four minutes later, some imbecilic jock, who is most definitely not animal control, waltzes into the outdoor gym.
Turning his attention from Sally's darkening features, he quipped rhetorically. "Contemplate why, why don't you?"
“Seeing as the main attendee couldn’t make it past the halfway line this morning’s practice, I thought I’d fill in.”
John waits. Finally alone, save for the muted thunder rumbling above. Tilts his head back, and breathes in deeply, as deep as possible, filling his lungs to the brim and feeling his right lobes expand in time with his left ones. Smells the occluding rain dewing freshly mowed grass. Hears the blood humming in his ears grow quieter and quieter as his pulse calms. Then opens his eyes, the light shower peppers his lashes with droplets, but never gets farther. Granting him the sight of a splotchy grey sky, clouds darkening in places and lighter in others, slowly shifting above and below each-other like mother nature's gears.
Pursing his lips in distaste at the mans literality, he voiced. "I just have some concerns." Sherlock raised a brow. "For example, who does that finger belong to?"
Sherlock stopped, he didn't know why but he began to feel...upset. He quickly shook the feeling off. One couldn’t tell of his internal struggle, he only blinked, so he needn’t worry. Why would he possibly be
The horde of people passing just behind them seemed to have dissipated into white noise, but Jesus, they must have been a sight. His bewildered eyes stared up at two half-shut, blank ones. John dug his fingers into his bare forearms, his short nails biting into his numbing flesh. And lowered his gaze to the woolen, navy scarf parallel to him.
"Hey! Hey!" He heard them stop and freeze. "Get away from him, I'm calling the police!" A deep voice sounded through the alley, soothing Johns ears a bit. There were mutterings of "Shit!" and "Hurry, get the bag!" and finally the blissful sound of tires screeching the pavement, well, maybe not blissful but it was nice.
As though John were a favored book approaching its climax after he’d been reading him for three hours straight while watercolors of vibrant, motorized light resplendent from beyond a coffee shop window flew past—time forgotten. John squeezes the bony hand in his own, pulls it closer to his heart, and tilts his head up a little to follow the movement calmly.
"No, nothing, sorry for the disturbance, by any chance have you seen a brown and black jumper? Around ye long and ye wide?" He gestured the size sharply, his voice tense and leg bouncing nervously.
John closes his eyes against the blurry shadows--as they were beginning to feel like sandpaper with his every blink-- resists the urge to rest his forehead against Sherlock’s upper-back, and doesn’t recall stopping.
There were two chances and two chances only to control himself. To repress. To not fail in his self-preserving venture.
“And-ah, thank you.” Sherlock says after a moment, pointedly observing his stretching arms in front of him, clenching and unclenching his fists. “I appreciate not being left to freeze to death.”
“Sentiment.” Sherlock accentuates with a gesture similar to that of a magician’s, all for good cause too.
What do you want? As I've said I'm rather busy." He affirmed sibilantly and attempted to sift wooden fragments from his locks.
What in the ever-loving Lucifer’s son? He knew he had a few anatomy-admirers but this was ludicrous. Makes him shudder a bit, how closely had they watched him to be able to recognize him by half of his face, with lipstick on of all things?
. He's commonly referred to as 'Spider', you can hear the title being whispered behind trembling hands in equally filthy alleys. It never reaches farther, somehow. But he hadn't dwelled on how such a well known name had been kept unknown to authorities. Despite them being bitten damn near constantly. He feared to. So, keeping his dealings quiet and cautious, John has managed to evade the spider's reach just barely. Other gangs and networks fading from his peripherals left and right. Always there, taunting. Promising. A true pest if John ever knew one. Although, for whatever the spider had planned, he didn't know which carefully conducted turnout he feared more. Becoming a pawn or a page six headline. Going willingly would never be an option, and neither was participating in such nauseating territory. Should the opportunity ever present itself, he'll be caught dead before joining the damned organization, if you could even call it that. Spider's acts were nothing short of monstrous. And he expected nothing less from his own institution. His boys would remain loyal, as he had done so for them many a time...well.
"And why didn't you wash these as well?" John asked with raised eyebrows and waving his pants for emphasis. "When I suggested it you said the cow would catch a cold, I didn't want that." John exhaled in annoyance, desperately wracking his brain for memories of what happened after he was attacked and dragged into this flat half dead by Sherlock.
"This is my favorite cabaret after all." John finished as he gripped Sherlock's hip a tad more tightly when Sherlock steered them to the right; then forward. "What about you?"
. Now can you tell me where she is?" Lestrade frowned, abashed. "Oh, sorry," He chuckled nervously as Gavin began to drum his fingers on his crossed arms impatiently. "What's your sisters name... again?" He finished lamely when the twenty eight year old sighed.
Sherlock remained waiting, but sliced into the false appendage with a tad more force. Huh, eccentric fellow he was. "Was I not allowed to leave before?" He questioned if only to clear this dank atmosphere.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked at the ceiling. "Your wallet, duh." Sherlock flicked his nose at 'duh'. " You're also a veteran, army doctor, discharged due to injury to your left shoulder. You still suffer from PTSD, mild superiority complex your therapist had blown off as being calloused from the war, perhaps she was right. More tests are needed. Anyways, you were discharged 2 years ago and sported a psychosomatic limp for quite some time but you've managed to overcome it, mostly. No wife, no children, no family, just you and your blokes. Though I must admit I am curious about what induced such a drastic change in career." Sherlock turned to him. "What happened?" Sherlock looked at John in mock bewilderment while shaking his head.
Irene props herself up on her elbows to look down at him, looking ridiculously attractive despite she’s just woken up. The damp orange dawn shining rays through the dorm window and onto her features, accentuating her sharp cheekbones and making her blue irises glow.
And John notes their clasped hands with a delayed sort of interest. Sherlock blinks back, eyes still a calm droop as he observes him with a fond, awaiting interest. His mouth ever-so-slightly quirked at the corners.
John blinked away the tears stinging his irate eyes and swallowed in an attempt to rid of the foul taste. Though it proved mostly pointless, he took comfort in the room ceasing its dizzying dance. The pain in his head had calmed to a dull ache now. He could numb it. Exhaustion weighed on his self, leaving him feeling as though his knees were glued to the floor. Wouldn't be the first time. But being him, he used it to his advantage. John forcefully rose, beaten body and psyche wanting nothing more than to curl onto the cool, solid flooring.
Thankfully, Sherlock came to. "You're... welcome, John. You're welcome." Nodding as though annoyed at his verbal stumbling, Sherlock focused on the rubber appendage- definitely rubber- again. Really realistic rubber. Damn, look at that
Horrified, and mind racing with any and all smoking health hazards. Doctor John snatches the cigarette from Sherlock’s disconcertingly mature, flapper-poised fingers. “Are you insane?” John repeats, because the questions were
Moriarty looked down at the activated fire alarm lever and smiled at the prompt chaos. The alarmed crowd already rushing towards the doors.
interrupted me. I'd deeply appreciate an oath of abandonment." He aimed his last sentence at Christie in particular, words layered thick with distaste and longing.
Adler hums and taps her pale chin. Then flicks a finger up, indicating she’s found some ridiculous solution.
Flipping open the complicated little microscope as he jogged over. Lestrade followed suit. Two other detectives as John would assume were standing nearby, one thin, pale male wearing sky-blue shrubs not unlike his own. The other a dark-skinned, lithe female dressed smartly in her pea coat and three inch heels. Both looking irritated at Sherlock's existence.
Anderson just 'mmm's and crosses his arms, still leant against his locker. "Yeah, I see how it is," He nods and looks away for sport before he turns back to Sherlock, eyes crinkled mockingly. And Sherlock wants to know what 'it' is.
“What, no, you idiot,” Sherlock swivels back indignantly at the honorific (and, once more, ouch.), John rolls his eyes before continuing. “I was looking for you.”
A blink. Nothing. He promptly closed it with a soft scowl. "Excuse me." He nodded and politely pushed past Sherlock's chair, then into the kitchen. John stopped and stooped to his knees and dug through the peeling sink cabinet below the counter.
"If you don't mind me asking, what is the emergency?" He asked, glancing at Gavin as when he fell into step with him.
“If bored and concerned are one and the same,” Sherlock says, tone as dry as the smoke he exhales. “your dear mother’s got nothing on me.” The moment’s gone as quick as it came, and then Sherlock’s pointedly flicking ash to his right. Gesturing to a pile of newspaper and such, a letter signed in his mother’s cursive sits atop the foot-tall pile.  “You got a letter today.”
John watched as the steam billowed out of his cup in a slow whirl, the cup warm between his raw palms. Sherlock sat across from him in his plush red chair, staring at him with narrowed eyes every now and again as he sipped at his tea, maneuvering the tissue on his bleeding nose to take a sip. It was practically a blizzard outside, John noted as he observed the white flurry rushing just outside the window. John cleared his throat. "So, care to explain?" Sherlock's narrowed gaze slid to him from over his tissue. "What is it you would like me to
desperate there's always Sally." He finished with a shrug and pointed his thumb behind him, enjoying the muted horror on Sherlock's face. "You're kidding."
Sherlock looked down and mumbled something that sounded suspiciously similar to "Superiority complex." and walked off to the kitchen. John blinked as his gun lowered in surprise, quickly recovering and aiming the gun at him again. "Hey! What do you think you're doing?!"
“Ah! While we’re on that subject, let me ask. I’ve caught rather gusty wind of your imminent sugar-bombing. So, I thought I would drop in and ensure you were officially pathetic!” Jim kindly polishes off with a chirp and a little bounce on his Salvatore Ferragamo’s. It was a wonder Jim hadn’t gotten mugged yet. Else he had, and that was a viscous image Sherlock would much rather not prompt.
interrupted me. I'd deeply appreciate an oath of abandonment." He aimed his last sentence at Christie in particular, words layered thick with distaste and longing.
John leaned into the chair and rested his arms on the rests. "You're a dealer." That elicited a chuckle from Sherlock.
“Great,” John removes his hand at the stare and rises, looking around Sherlock’s methodic madness. “Got a heater? We can’t raise the temperature here.”
" He accentuated the word with a tear-like gesture of running his finger down his left cheek and a pout.
Yet here he is, stuck in Uni, promptly going to waste away for four years and quite possibly contract stupidity—the disease is relatively rare in his blood line but he’s taking no chances-- all because he’s not capable of making realistic decisions. So here he lies, in his dorm room shower and counting Aspergillus mold spots (Aspergillus, causation of many a severe lung infection, he muses bitterly, inhaling another lungful of soothing poison and tilting his nose to the ceiling) on the tiny, yellowing ceiling—no longer the pristine white the university prided its students for being akin to in colour—and determining how long it’ll have to fester until maintenance gives a shit and cleans it after his pretty-boy rugby roommate alerts them of the health hazard.
“Hungry? It’s almost lunch in the cafeteria.” John questions, waving his wallet for emphasis. Still forcing casual just a bit. “My treat.”
The maître d glanced down at the little girl with a small smile on her red lips, then up at Moriarty. Scanning the card, she handed Moriarty the key with a wink. To which he mockingly grasped at his heart with an expression of astonishment and staggered back.
"Fine, just give me my money and we can be on our merry way." He growled the last bit, only to regret it not a moment later. The bloke's eyes narrowed almost imperceptively and his mouth twisted into a snarl. "I don't like your attitude, faggot."
...alright, perhaps John was a tad start-struck, after all Sherlock had solved three cases on the X files and claimed the correct fathers of two children on The Maury Show.
“Yes, yes, I’m all right. Just give me a moment.” Sherlock drones, sounding annoyed. Shoulders high and head low now, John can count the knobs in his cervical vertebrae.
Heedless of the peripheral assault, John peered inside the faux-ancient, Chinese carriage. And there his mayor lay. A clean hole dribbled a neat line of now-dried and crusted blood down his pale forehead. John felt a pang of sympathy for the man and his family.
He received a light chuckle in response. "Yeah, wish I could say the same. I owe him though." He looked up from the notepad he was scribbling on with a sly grin, the short and often-sharpened-looking pencil going limp between his slim fingers.
It was the rational thing to do after all. So what if a few essential traits were lost in the deletion process? He was safe now.
The curly mop abruptly snaps up and slams against the metal behind it. John jumps at the clatter. While Sherlock keeps his head tipped back, long sternocleidomastoid muscles stretched just beneath pale skin, and laughs. Grin gaudy and teeth tine. Breathy, hollow, Sherlock laughs it for a not even two seconds before John wants to shake him. Then he dies down and takes a deep breath through his nose, eyes shut tight. Opposing from their previously crinkled, half-shut state. The abrupt amusement gone as quick as it came.
ran through the Holmes line, the assumption gleaned from the low tones heard through Sherlock’s mobile during their near-daily quarrel.
When he found himself briefly wondering if this was similar to a necrophilia porno. And immediately blushed scarlet, his eye twitching from the long conditioned morality crisis his triggered mind bombarded him with accordingly. And shock, because come on. Did those even exist? John played it off by gruffly asking Sherlock if he wanted to help him do his own job. All in response to the panic Sherlock's inquisitive brow elicited. Sherlock just shook his head and leant against the open carriage door, all lax observation, and told him he was. Sherlock might have been able to tell, he wasn't sure, but it was an uncomfortable thought. The lengths of what the man could see. It was intimidating.
And still doesn’t move. Sherlock sighs and lays his forehead against the cool metal, suddenly not wanting to move, maybe catch hypothermia, he’ll pose as an example of corrupted school systems. His undoubtedly forever-frozen statue will act as a memoir for academic struggle everywhere—even if it doesn’t apply to him at a laughable degree.
Sherlock feels an unfamiliar smirk twitch his features. “Good to know.” He murmurs and scratches out another answer with the lotto pencil he stole from Lestrade’s pencil-cup.
“Yes, yes it most definitely does.” Sherlock drawls back, in turn, allowing a tidbit of sympathy to seep into his tone. It is at least a quarter honest. As Cujo had probably already printed out the paper and couldn’t make it back to the main office in time to print out another one delineating an actual, accurate point. Denial was a prompting thing.
. Sherlock thinks as he presses his hands to the floor to lift himself. Reaching up on shaky legs and leant against the biting metal for leverage. Sherlock crumples from the unease twisting his innards in immobilizing pain. It's shameful, it's mortifying, it's ridiculous. He's weaker than he knew. Sherlock can't get up and off his knees, the harsh floor bruises them but he can't move. It's infinitely frustrating. He wants to shout at himself, will himself into submission. But the ice in his chest is crippling, it turns his stomach and scathes the inside of his ribcage. Sherlock can hardly breath anyways, perhaps a break would do him well. John would be disappointed too.
Stock-still in surprise, save for his transport’s reaction to extreme cold, he turns to John. Probably looking every bit like the deer in headlights as he feels.
“Hey, easy, easy.” John grins up at him through the bars sheepishly, wider, darker blues earnest beneath deeply furrowed blond brows. John gives glove-clad attempts to console him with hand gestures, as if he were a spooked animal. Sherlock wants to bark at him. “Need a hand?”
If john's mind were a race horse he'd be trampling through the spectator aisles. Oh god what would happen if Mike got in trouble? He'd never forgive himself. And if the police managed to track his dealings back to his customers, his system and contacts would all be irrevocably fucked, maybe even more so than America was at the moment.
Sherlock cocked his head with raised brows. "Didn't you hear me? I said a was-" He brought his lanky arm up and spun towards the wall, firing the weapon once more. "Bored!"
"And why didn't you wash these as well?" John asked with raised eyebrows and waving his pants for emphasis. "When I suggested it you said the cow would catch a cold, I didn't want that." John exhaled in annoyance; desperately wracking his brain for memories of what happened after he was attacked and dragged into this flat half dead by Sherlock. Then it hit him, he looked up. "How do you know my name? I never told you a smidge of information about my person."
To assist this imitation. A bit of stalking beforehand never hurt. (Surely one hadn't guessed him as London's signature homicidal and rewrote a will depicting his character down to his very curls.)
He shook his head, appearing to still be drowsy from his 3 day nap and glared. "Who the bloody hell are you?" He demanded, bravado lacking it's, most likely, usual strident tone. Sherlock merely blinked and plucked the pencil from the insolent mans hand. "I'm Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes. It's not a pleasure, really." He rose to put the can of pencils on the bedside table at a safe distance, feeling Johns intense stare the entirety of the time, then spun back to see him yawn and make an effort to raise himself. "I wouldn't do that if I were you, your ribs are rather...bruised." He died off and watched as John fell back with a muffled scream.
Sherlock just shakes a bit more, making John glance up. Seeing Sherlock turn his face away to hide his mortified grin, the trembling couldn’t be played off as just cold. But now breathy, disbelieving giggles too.
rears. And gives his head a teensy, sharp shake and squeezes his eyes tight, then smoothens his face calmly, reassuring. All in the span of a second. Only to find it useless as he peers up to find the slouching, taller boy looking past his shoulder with a disconcertingly blank look on his face. The light filtering past in geometrical planes of bright color over his features not earing a mere flinch or flicker of iris.  So similar to his general demeanor one wouldn’t tell the difference, but to John’s astute eye he was different. Far different. From the diminutive drooping of pale lids veined with burst capillaries and shoulders riding low on pompous, silver-wit. He wasn’t thinking either, John doesn't know how, but he could tell. There was no scrunch to his carefully groomed eyebrows indicating deep concentration and ever-deepening stupor, no lids shut-tight to keep his prim calculation concealed from the painfully disproportionate world he found so dull yet worthy of everyday brooding.
John couldn't hold back his sigh of relief at that. He hadn't been stabbed. Although he was still awfully sore. "...Wait, did you say three days?"
John struggled to cover his face with his arms: afraid of worsening his head injury. The only thing running through his mind was to protect his head. Anything else was a lost cause, he could only hope they didn't have a knife. So they continued kicking the helpless man until their taunting shouts and John grunts and cries of pain were the only thing echoing off the walls.
His frown is so deep it hurts, his middle and forefingers dig into his temples while he does his damnedest to compute this-- this…this-- Sherlock vocalizes his frustration at the lack of term despite literary genius with a small “gah!”, pressing fingers harder into his skulls thinnest bone-structure. In hopes of a modicum of sense being pressed into its narrow mass and allotting him some blessed focus.
Clutching the coat tighter around himself, to steel himself for what, he didn't know, and entered the lioness's den. For some reason, the thought arose an old tune, it ultimately bled into an entire song by the time he reached the door. He concentrated on the tune, wanting to chuckle as the words weaved themselves together from memory. Memory he hadn't even known he possessed.
John cocks a brow and looks him up and down, noting his defensive posture. “I’m sure I’ll manage.” He manages past the urge to tell Sherlock that he can’t deck people because it would put his temperament evaluation in the toilet. Thus dirtying his spotless profile and later rendering him unemployed and forever alone.
“To see a man about a—“ Sherlock shuts his mouth with a small click, cutting himself off mid-seventh vowel. Oh dear.
John frowned at him, the nearby lamplight making his blush visible. "Ticklish. I said I was ticklish. Happy?"
He expects his heart to pick up pace, to skip, maybe a lick of confusion on as to “why” such an uncharacteristically intimate action deemed itself acceptable in the eyes of Sir John-how-the-bloody-hell-can-you-stomach-such-Don-Quixote-rubbish (As it would turn out, John’s romanticism novel stash wasn’t even safe beneath three boxes and a bed.) or acceptable to himself as well.
"I'm happy to see you too, mummy. Please stop crying?" She sniffled and burrowed herself into Sarah's chest and muffled her sobs as the elevator doors slid closed.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock says and stiffens at the contact. He wasn’t exactly used to casual touching with strangers. Unless it’s too quick to dodge.
"Where-ah- where did he get these-these things?" He asked before his mind got the better of him and he just sprinted out the door and caught pneumonia. For a soldier this was a rather comical reaction, he had to admit.
John sighed and stepped closer to further scrutinize Sherlock's handy-work, as well as the scattered paraphernalia. "Fair enough. So, what was this comment about Neanderthals not being in style?" Sherlock's lips twitched at that. "The least you could do is dress yourself properly."
“You’re a doctor, yes?” Sherlock asks him once he’s leant against the wall by their dorm’s front door. The abrupt question as strange as his complexion. It only works by that very fact though.
Jim meets his eye with a wholly ridiculous jut of his lower lip, somehow looking far too serious all the while, even from his residency on the marble floor in front of him. And asks sternly as he shoots back up to stand, Sherlock moves to rise and exit leaving him undeterred.
In an effort to distract himself from the shredded and bloody mess that was his lower body and out of curiosity, he asked. "Why did you help me?" Sherlock didn't pause in his ministrations. "Because you needed help, obviously." John gasped softly as the dressing was wrapped tightly on a sore spot and replied as he continued staring forward. "Well, yes. But you don't seem like the type to offer hospitality so casually." He choked out a bit as he caught sight of rather gruesome cut with stitches in his peripheral vision.
“Vividly.” Sherlock bites out, glare downturned and aimed at the paper sun before John considers taking it back. “But fine, if you’re so desperate to stay on their
John takes a steadying breath and keeps his head low, face shaded as Sherlock slowly inhales once more through congested airways but makes no move away from John’s initially forced affections. John doesn’t make him. And thanks no one on account of Sherlock not bearing witness to the way his nose and lips twitch into a poorly-conserved snarl. His frown feels dangerous enough to bear. Sherlock didn’t need to see this, not if the aftershock of the assault still made him wary. It was unrealistic to place Sherlock on level with a troubled pedestrian, he’d scoff and raise a condescending brow at any such attempt and ask John if
Handing the maître d his coat and scarf with a polite smile, Sherlock cupped his hands over his mouth and blew. Dear god, his hands were numbing after a mere two minutes of exposure to the cold. He took in his familiar surroundings over the tips of his warming fingers. This club had always been one of his favorites, it wasn't loud and chaotic like others. The clubs
Sherlock clears his throat and recalls how frogs sound when you squeeze them. And answers with a highly pitched ‘mhm’. He speed-walks away, then forces himself to slow as to wane any suspicion. Fighting the urge to scurry down the corridor and scream like a little girl all the same. Or maybe that’s
John raises his blond brows at him. Sherlock answers. “Caught wind of her missing face ripped from every photograph. Petty one, aren’t you.”
“Yeah, you’re welcome...” John finally manages and works his throat, nor does he remove his arm. Just when Sherlock thought he had gotten too strange…
But it isn’t that, Sherlock wields a contrition balky in the face of the prosaic enjoyments of an everyday walker. A pure yearn to simply know for the sake of it. A distraction in a drive. His perspective and approach may speak of a brazen regard for academics which may... say in the future, pave way for a yearn to evaluate and reckon social sciences, but he would appear clueless to what makes a friend a friend. His blatant disregard for social cues under the guise of them restricting genius, but what he deems trivialities allotted an implication of what wouldn’t be. It was an innocence that failed to be noticed past an initially unprecedented precocity.
. He's commonly referred to as 'Spider', you can hear the title being whispered behind trembling hands in equally filthy alleys. It never reaches farther, somehow. But he hadn't dwelled on how such a well known name had been kept unknown to authorities.
He'd struggled against the metal restraints, after being tightly handcuffed and held down. Watching, more than a little enraged, as Sherlock backed away from the men looking wary. But Sherlock was cornered by the wall displaying his research on how Polymyositis effected posture, ultimately leading to shoe imprints. And the labs counter and sink.
"Stop it! Stop it right fucking now! What are you doing?! He didn't do anything!" He could feel his throat going raw by now. It hurt to swallow.
Sherlock scoffed, ceasing his ancient train of thought.  Inner dialogue assisted his upbringing greatly. It constantly acted as a guide to his teenage-typical chemical imbalance. If he hadn't had that, god knows where he'd be. Nonetheless, his developmental process was nothing short of fascinating. He often found himself reminiscing about his past run-ins with "the norm".
“You didn’t get a meal plan?—don’t look at me like that.” John reprimands, exasperated at Sherlock’s indignant swivel. As if the very prospect of pursuing a healthy regimen was blasphemy.  “Jesus do you even eat? I think I saw you eat a chocolate bar once.” John recalls the epidemic and raises an eyebrow at Sherlock’s back.
Heedless of Sherlock’s snooping for the time being, he stares at the mussed head as cigarette smoke floats above it. Shocked, and quickly appalled. “Are you smoking?!”
Sniffing, John goes over to slip the blanket his mother knitted him over Sherlock’s shoulders. The younger man looks up from massaging his socked, dead feet, before using a hand to pull it farther his shoulders. Interesting eyes too…was that a speck of violet? No. Blue?
Then John laughed. The sound sharp and disbelieving. As if it were impossible for someone to be so insensitive. Emotionless.
John’s hand grasped the counter and he stared at fine marble, contents of his stomach beginning to feel unsettled. Was he..was he rooming with a serial killer and his deranged landlady? How had this happened? He thought the finger was fake! Sherlock had to be kidding! Even though Sherlock looked as though he couldn’t laugh if he were held at gunpoint…well, until earlier.
"Oh, thank you so much!" He landed a quick kiss on each of her cheeks and ran into the elevator. Still a faking, blubbering mess. The maître d watched him go. Holding her cheeks with a soft blush and smile.
“Come on,” He finally sobers, still a tad embarrassed and wanting to giggle. And leads Sherlock inside, noting the way he doesn’t stiffen when John puts his arm around his waist this time around.  “inside with you.”
Taking the unspoken hint, Sherlock leaves John to rest, and puts his headphones back in. Only after uncurling the flimsy rubber-coated wire from his curls. And cranks up Ludwig Van Beethoven’s 5
A calm hand landed on his shoulder and he jumped a bit and peered over his shoulder. The maître d from earlier was smiling at him comfortingly.
Sherlock sighed and dropped his hands heavily to the table; making John jump slightly. Vexed eyes made him still. "Oh, would you calm yourself?"
He'd rather die screaming than grant this repugnant scum the mere micro of satisfaction. And yet. He briefly recalls when he was a child, when he calloused himself by refusing to cry over menial happenstance. As most children his age had. It worked for a while, and achieved in his teachers assuming he was psychotic.
Mrs. Hudson hummed and picked up a dented can of soup. "I'm afraid it's already too late for that, dear." She beckoned him over to the counter, tapping a leather barstool that had seen better days.
Sherlock wakes up with a groan, and his face smushed into a rather voluptuous pillow, and promptly snuggles closer. Set on staying here for the rest of his life. If only that incessant singing would cease.
Irene rises and presses against him, his arm squished between her breasts as she steers them towards the girls ward. “Mmm,” She unnecessarily purrs. “I like them rough.”
John had long removed his bandages, as they were no longer needed and soiled. Still ashamed that he had been so easily triggered, he was a doctor after all.
John chuckled and started up the stairs. Trying in vain to ease his trembling and rapidly beating heart. He was old damn it. “I’ll be gone by the time you get back, so if you plan on doing anything I’d suggest you make it snappy.” John didn’t know why he said it, he already knew Sherlock wouldn’t. And he fully expected to never see this man again. Surely the two situations couldn’t be correlated.
Sherlock was a bright young man, fully adept at evading his demise, possibly even exceeded fully adept for the majority of the UK.
Now Sherlock was just frustrated, but he could still feel himself thrumming with excitement. All he needed to do was convince John that he was being outstandingly moronic and cowardly. Sherlock excelled at this. Piece of cake.
. Sherlock knows he could, it’s guttural roars pound his core. But he’s weak here, and his chest still encases the rage in aggrieved ice. Leaving him cold and flinching. “Gonna cry?”
"No, I would have alerted the authorities immediately." He drawled in a 'did you switch your brains for magic beans' tone. John ignored it, he was getting good at that, Sherlock noted. "Then why haven't you?" John met his gaze.
The first attempt at sanity had been overridden by Anderson’s inherent imbecility, the physical stifle had been Anderson’s only taken advantage saving him admittedly brutal psychological damage. This was new and unprecedented, thus leaving Sherlock witlessly unprepared. His transport was of no concern to him on the daily, until someone else with unknown intention stepped up to ‘meddle’ for lack of a willingly better term.
"Ah?" He peeked at her through a bookshelf. "What do you mean by that?" His frown was visible from between the hedgehog plushy and glass otter figurine placed beside each side of his head.
He was fine, but “Shit.” just barely. What would have happened if John hadn’t had to take the long way around to get his medical textbook. Practice had been cancelled due to their coach’s wedding and a substitute hadn’t even been assigned.
Sherlock’s breath hitches strangely, making John think he was going to start laughing again. Oh no--
Tear tracks trailed from the corners of his eyes. The warm salt water delicately weaving past his hairline and into his painted curls. And he did nothing to stop them, it was futile. All because a few generation x jackasses decided red paint would suit him well.
Sherlock frowned and squinted up at him, the nearby streetlight making it difficult to see him well. It would seem they'd had similar intentions for coming to Aux Trois Mailletz after all. Well, that solidified it. But he wasn't buying the innocent 'lets-climb-rocks-and-shag-no-this-isn't-sexual-standardization' act. Of course there was a catch. There’s always
“Volume, John.” Sherlock muttered, eyeing the ceiling where a few, rather excitable humanitarians lived just above. “But yes, you are a delinquent. A delinquent without a name, nor a face.” Sherlock suggested imploringly.
“...I’m a supplier, not a translator.” He replies slowly, brows caught in a musing frown as he feels his eyes go far away. Then flicker down to his hands, their pale and willowy spider-structures rested on the rough denim cladding his sharp knees. And finally back to the front of the room as a plain-looking man with two kids and two wives begins to pace the front below them.
John decided he'd had enough and made to snatch the gun from him, briskly crossing the few feet between them. Much to his confusion, Sherlock allowed him to take the gun easily. "Alright, hands up, you bloody psychopath!" John spoke sternly and aimed the gun at him. In return he received an extremely condescending and somewhat pitying look, although Sherlock complied.
And while the slam of the heavy steel door startles the room for a moment, it’s only minutely, before they all recognize a fellow student in a relatable tizzy of his own, and murmur on simultaneously in a rush of resumed white noise as they were all far too busy to stare.
John leaned into the chair and rested his arms on the rests. "You're a dealer." That elicited a chuckle from Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled and folded his hands behind his back. "Yes, more specifically silicon, how about you go schedule another appointment in effort to look like even more like a sex doll than you currently do. Would be a shame if your husband committed infidelity again." His voice gone harsh and forbidding.
The sudden searing sensation returns, but it leaves him feeling a small, inspired warmth that typically accompanies reaching a solution, in lieu of earlier’s tangent cringe. He blinks. Blinks again.
"Now." Lestrade affirmed, no dilly-dally. "I'll meet John, you and the team on the roof later, I've still got some panic to quell. The tabloids are going mad."
He looked up at that. "Yes, please follow me." Lestrade strode into the hallway and made a turn. Checking to see if Gavin was still following him. Carol had been recently hired as a U.S Secret Service Agent. Her ranking was impressive given her docile appearance, but Lestrade couldn't question it. Now that he thought about it, the resemblance between the two was gone on him, they looked nothing alike.
John though in ire as he tightened his hold on the gun. "Tell me, John. Do you normally threaten people with guns when clad in neon red underwear? Seems bad for business." Sherlock looked down and back up pointedly with a small smirk. "Well, I suppose it depends on the type of business."
of it. Your nonexistent ties to a nonexistent home, you being an army doctor and veteran was from your medal- which was roughly two to three years old, neatly folded and kept. Clearly the army medical regimental crest. That is what I deduced from your wallet. As for your PTSD, if you remember yesterday night it's unnecessary to elaborate." John gave a quick nod and pursed his lips at the memory. Sherlock glanced at him and continued. "Also, the therapist, who wouldn't have one after the horrors you had experienced. Once again, the superiority complex is still up for debate, you show symptoms of it. You repress your feelings in fear of seeming vulnerable, or you're motivated by the consequences of showing such weakness in your line of work." Sherlock looked up expectantly, for what reaction he expected, John could tell it wasn't a good one. But.
Sherlock curled in on himself, butt sore from remaining still on the uncomfortable, cardboard cot. And rested his chin on his knee-immediately raising it back up at the sharp pain that flared-, continuing to pick at a particularly tough and jagged toenail.
"I'd be a hypocrite if I prosecuted someone for handling a few measly drugs." Sherlock stated, indifferently.
A sigh of relief escapes him. With a brief shake of his head, Sherlock turns back to his notebook and rips out a blank piece of paper, reaches over to borrow his neighbor’s sharpie stealthily. And scribbles across it with sharp, bold efficiency before holding the sign above him.
. Sherlock feels terribly better already. “In a U.S CARET study, roughly 18,000 smokers and asbestos workers were regularly ingesting 30 milligrams of beta carotene supplements for four years, and had been effectively linked to a 28% higher risk of lung cancer.” Sherlock leans forward and onto his elbows to regard the overgrown brat from his rightfully elevated seating.  “Oh, yes, and alcohol spliced with high dosages of beta-carotene cause intracerebral hemorrhages. What does that tell your doltish, little, hungover denial?”
Sally didn't. "You can't just let him force you like this. It's ridiculous! For all we know this guy could be his drug dealer!"
Moriarty twirled into the room with a hum, listening to the symmetrical beeping below him. "I am quite acquainted with ill intention, and I'm many a time the object of peoples extensive aggression." He sang as he closed his eyes with an openmouthed grimace, stepping forward gracefully. Suddenly popping his eyes open and crinkling them sadly, he gestured towards the right as if interrogating someone. "Though I cannot fathom why. Most times it makes me want to
currently occupying an array of toxic looking substances in jars. All of which he was sure were banned in at least a few advanced and knowledgeable countries in chemistry. England being one of them.
“That you’re a cock.” It says blandly, calmly looks away, then turns abruptly back around to throw a crumpled ball of paper at Sherlock’s face with startling fierceness. Making him jerk back in surprise for a moment, the quick movement causing his shoulder blades to ache.
But this is just ridiculous. It’s wrong, bad, so very very bad, probably vaguely immoral and quite a little psychotic.
He ran until thighs burned and he felt like he were breathing in shards of glass. Paying no mind to the icy slush that soaked his sneakers and numbed his toes, he jumped over crates and left toppled garbage cans in his wake. This wasn't his first rodeo. He knew the drill. But he was steadily approaching forty now.
John sat forward on his elbows. "For starters, the location of my pants." And watched with wariness as Sherlock suddenly smiled and set his tea down with a sniff, his nose must have stopped bleeding. "Over there." Sherlock pointed, his beaming gaze never leaving John. John looked in the direction he was pointing at and froze. "Why are my pants on a cows skull?" He asked after a moment and glanced at Sherlock through furrowed brows, mouth set in a grim line. "You wanted to give him a hat, it was snowing after all." He answered, squinting his eyes with a twitching closed mouth smile.
Making his way towards the shadowed back door, he sharply coughed, causing the burly looking security guard to look up from his clip board. "Mr. Holmes." The security guard nodded in acknowledgement. unclipping the rich coloured rope with a keen clip, allowing Sherlock to enter. Sherlock thanked him and flashed a small grin at him before his face returned flat. Sherlock liked his blasé exterior. Although he couldn't say the same for the way the guard shamelessly ogled his backside whenever Sherlock turned around. Before he turned the doorknob, Sherlock unexpectedly rose his eyes over his shoulder to glare. Enjoying the embarrassed guard quickly turning around to redirect his attention to the impatient dame in front of him. Yes, I
Sure, in the short span he’d spent with Sherlock, he could tell how seriously he took his job- consultancy. “Then why do you need
John hurried his pace and came to a stand beside the tall figure, slightly blocking Sherlock from the male's reach. The man backed away a bit and narrowed his eyes at John.
Sherlock runs faster, feeling his lungs tremble and shake with the exertion, and his windpipes drier than the Kalahari desert. All because of the approaching out-door gym. And
A shock of pain flares in his left flank, and he's tasting dirt. There's panting above him before it's receding down the field. John groans and gets up immediately, not caring for sitting out any longer than necessary. He was fine anyways, he hadn't spent his last five years at Bellmore High diddling about. Muscle mass had its perks.
Headlights glared at them from down the alleyway and turned off. Then repeated the action a few more times. He met the light unblinkingly, staring at the two yellow circles until his eyes burned. They seemed as intimidating as they did inevitable. "That's our signal, let's move." John nodded towards the van and began walking, paper bag in hand.
London’s traffic a steady hum against sleep, living near central London meant a front seat to its urban song at all hours, the static and buzzing in his ears, spliced with many a dissonant vendor, bus or chattering group—be them screeching into their mobile for child support or rent due last week are thankfully but a muted whoosh with occasional, diminutive peaks.
"Don't forget, Karim. My shoe is worth more than your very fucking existence. I can decide if you eat out of garbage cans for the rest of your life with a snap of fingers. I can-and will- ruin you. Nobody wants assisted murder on their record, now do they?"
Sherlock makes a quiet sound of repulsion, a sardonic “ta ta.”, and slips out the door. Leaving John to his endless, digital devices and inevitable myopia.
Sherlock frowned at the door as the incessant knocking continued. "I have a few people in mind." He muttered through grit teeth.
Too far gone to notice the odd use of his name from a complete stranger he opened his eyes to look at his savior and answered. "You have pretty eyes," John told him earnestly. The stranger stuttered in stride but quickly continued walking again. They shook their head. "I'll take that as a 'no'." The stranger muttered. John just kept staring at him and after a few more moments of staring he asked: "What?" At least he was still conscious. "You're really beautiful," John repeated, although his vision was still quite blurry, he could discern the figure in warm lighting that shone over a head of curly brown locks, giving it a halo-like effect, as well as the two keen eyes observing him from underneath curled bangs.
John chuckled, a little surprised at the crack the drone made, and silently glad that there wasn't going to be a dramatic scene resembling some romantic comedy drama. One thing he didn't fancy was getting a suitcase to the face...or in this case, a baton. Right, no suitcases, didn't live here. He truly would be upset if he left without a farewell, it was the least he could do- oh god had he even said thank you?
Two young women were revealed: one startled and one resolved. The startled young woman, Sarah according to her necklace, lowered her hand slowly and suddenly became transfixed by his century old wooden flooring. Sherlock blinked tiredly.
Lestrade placed a hand on the back of the black swivel chair and leaned forward over the kids shoulder to further gesture to the application on the computer screen. They were seated in his office and he had to show him how to complete an application for networking in the U.S federal government.
Although Sherlock wasn’t. “…John?” He questions quietly to himself with a frown at the figure as it scanned the aisles frantically. More or less impersonating a lost puppy with separation anxiety after wrestling off its dogsitter's leash to aimlessly search for its owner… “Oh, Redbeard…” He whispers before swallowing tightly. Confusion smothering nostalgia as he observes his roommate’s body language with an I’m-grateful-you’re-distressed-instead sort of edge. It could be rude, but Sherlock is too far past caring at the moment, instead reveling in the interruption of his now-descending disquiet. John is a common variable. Go on. Wonder.
of it. Your nonexistent ties to a nonexistent home, you being an army doctor and veteran was from your medal- which was roughly two to three years old, neatly folded and kept. Clearly the army medical regimental crest. That is what I deduced from your wallet. As for your PTSD, if you remember yesterday night it's unnecessary to elaborate." John gave a quick nod and pursed his lips at the memory. Sherlock glanced at him and continued. "Also, the therapist, who wouldn't have one after the horrors you had experienced. Once again, the superiority complex is still up for debate, you show symptoms of it. You repress your feelings in fear of seeming vulnerable, or you're motivated by the consequences of showing such weakness in your line of work." Sherlock kept his gaze fixed on the fire place, his face turned so John couldn't discern his expression.
Sherlock plucks a fuchsia pink earplug from his ear—tolerating the bright color had been a sacrifice on his part, Philip was the most resilient brand on the market right now--, the other remaining in, and continues staring down at his dorm-work, reluctant form still seated on the hardwood floor, the papery mess spread around him enough to make any tree-lover cry. How had John managed to reach his shoulder without rustling a paper? Moreover, John isn’t worth both plugs being removed at the moment. Or ever. Sherlock was just going to pretend he was dead for the rest of his stay. Earplugs would assist this endeavor tremendously.
Jesus Christ, how many sparking plugs and rope did a guy need? John was placing a rather horrific looking hammer to the side when Sherlock questioned his jean-clad behind at a rather startling volume. "What on earth are you looking for?!"
." Oh boy, here we go. Greg scrubbed his face with his hand and his wrist, his other hand gripping the communication device tightly. " Of all the times you befriend someone, you just
Sherlock leaned his head back to meet his shocked gaze. And, if only to add insult to injury, he licked his chapped lips and smirked at him. "Kinky."
Before his hand could come in contact with Johns soiled bandages he felt a cool thin object come in contact with his throat. He wasn't intimidated in the slightest and turned to look down at his no longer unconscious companion. "A pencil. Are you kidding?" The latter only added pressure making Sherlock roll his icy irises and slowly remove his hands from the man who was beginning to share likenesses with a cornered lion. The man seemingly realizing he was threatening someone with a pencil and lowered his hand slowly.
Luckily, Mycroft left him relatively alone when he implied to more "posh" methods. He exploited this feat to its fullest capacity. And sure, he generally came here for the atmosphere alone but- "Anyone catch your eye yet?" Kevin piped up from the background and slid a sparkling 1738 and ginger towards him.
. Causing John to loose his footwork but he managed to catch himself-giving Sherlock the excuse to pull him closer. "Revenge." John muttered when he righted himself, tapping Sherlock's side in discipline before gripping it again. Sherlock grinned a little. He didn’t normally feel this at ease with other courters. They were all so tediously cliché and upfront. John could speak this secret yet well-known language. It was fun. "Quite. Although I suspect we're here for similar reasons." He tilted his head to the side slightly and observed John. "And what might those reasons be?" Countered John.
The metallic clang of decade-worn handy-work of a heavy door smothers whatever heckling laid afoot. Great, now Sherlock and himself were dead men.
“Yeah, although it’s generally genetic or influenced.” Sherlock hums for a second, then looks at John. “Like cancer.”
And so, John reared his head back up and glared. Hands tightly fisted at his sides and spine taut. He wouldn’t even shiver when a gelid gust that could rival the north pole whipped by, unfeeling of the snow biting his skin raw. Not when his core was rushing with something so rare and searing. John smiled. Enjoying the vaguely unsettled look on his frienemy’s face. Oh, it was a joy to be Captain again, he must’ve gotten lost in the cross-fire.
Sherlock nodded with an uncharacteristically shy purse to his lips, grabbing Kevin's arm and snapping it back down when the entirety of the partiers looked over. "Lower your voice!" He hissed before looking in the direction Kevin had pointed in.
what you're calling yourself?" A deeply unimpressed scoff. " How bland. How's your autobiography "Pushing up Daisies" coming along? Any of those deep, clever, morbid sexual interpretations of yours get you kissed yet?
Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
Nothing. His eyes were dead, guarded probably, as the boy would rather die screaming than express anything more than a sardonic titter. Grey and cold like the polluted snowfall John remembers spitting out during laps after the metallic taste had settled on his tongue. Consequential to earlier childish action and rejuvenating an ever-paling expectation of a better tomorrow.
He has some concerns. The lilting lightbulb flickers its dullish yellow hue down at him once in agreement.
The male from before stepped forward. "Who are you?" The question had somehow been voiced like an insult.
Then, abrupt, needle-like pain flared through his temple. John moved to raise his hand to it in alarm. If only the room hadn’t begun to share  likeness to a window pane during hurricane Katrina. John struggled to steady himself and blindly grasped at the bathroom counter, the effort later proving futile. John fell to his raw knees, the impact of the hard tile making him grunt. Now panting, he was overcome with a sudden wave of nausea. Promptly, emptying his stomachs nonexistent components into the toilet so opportunely placed before him.
Sherlock peered over his coat collar to see John standing by the first step and no longer the fifth. Then, holding the door open like the gentleman he was, Sherlock beckoned him through. “Shall we go?”
It was informal and vague, just how John liked it. Try tracking that back, twats. He wiped a snowflake off his screen and sighed, watching the graceful swirl of white dissipate. "They'll be here. Why don't you take a seat?" John suggested distractedly. He was rewarded with a snort and glanced back to see Mike lean against the wall and cross his arms over his pudgy middle. "Because my arse'll be frozen to the bloody ground, that's why."
“Oh, it may as well be written on your forehead in rainbow sharpie.” Jim slack face abruptly sneers as he flicks Sherlock’s forehead for reference. Teasing, anger is slightly receding. Escape.
“If we’re lucky, you haven’t left a tube full of god-knows-what out to explode in our faces when we get back. Or maybe half the university’s already burning down as we speak.” He opts to diffuse with a light chastise. John wasn’t normally much of a talker, but he’d found it was a rather efficient way to fill the silence when mum’s eyes started sagging at the edges when she stared at the grandfather clock--dad had picked the rickety planks of ticking wood up from the thrift-shop as some poverty-stricken gift for her--and hoped for a freer tomorrow.
"Sunday already?" He questioned; crossing his arms and leaning against the rotting door frame. His eyes widened as it rattled and creaked. Then a crack sounded. A chunk of painted, peeling wood breaking off and landing squarely atop his head, then slowly sliding and landing on the floor with a clunk.
It seemed oddly intimate for brother and sister, Lestrade thought with the beginnings of a grimace. Making another right, he knocked on her office door. Gavin just walked forward and grasped the doorknob, aiming a large grin at him. The awkward kid with anxiety from earlier completely disappearing. "I've got it from here, thanks."
That he genuinely saved him, and intended to let him recover. John had fallen for the spectacle like a besotted sack of potatoes. Making mistakes such as these are one of the many reasons he couldn't count his acquaintances past his right hand. Including a nonexistent love-life.
About to protest the shagging location, Sherlock narrowed his eyes on the now John-less rock peak. Then, he decided. He would not be out done by this midget.
John frowns at his shivering form in the hallway, “Planning to be, wouldn’t my stalker know?” then turns to unlock the door when Sherlock glares back at his concerned stare. Jesus, he just found the guy freezing to death on playground equipment, could you blame him for being a little careful? A question still gnawed at him though. How the hell had the entirety of the morning rush managed to turn a blind eye to a—quite blatantly—dying student?
They stay there for a while. And John doesn't think about how Sherlock's body and warmth held so closely to his felt  better than the blanket his mother made for him after Sherlock used it.
Sherlock looked away from the kettle he was filling in the sink, and lifted it. Allowing John to view it properly, although what he was doing was fairly obvious before, and said. "Guess."
The ball stays still, and before John can reiterate his request or say fuck it and haul Sherlock over his shoulder like James Bond and Carrie back to their dorm so he can disinfect the head wound and nail marks—which will sting like a bitch because of some battering bitch and John
Mike scrunched his nose at ‘whining’, making his glasses slide down the narrow but short slope of his nose. A huff. “I do not whine-“
He wants to drone to no one, it may have been rude but it was honest. Perhaps Sherlock was beginning to have a bit of an influence on his behavior as well. Perhaps. Point is, Sherlock absolutely loathes the cold, loathes any exercise of the sort, and has no friends. If the way Sherlock reacted to his friendship like a virgin being proposed to was anything to go by. Ergo, something’s probably wrong and John’s gonna find out what. If there isn’t and Sherlock just frowns at him, asking why he’s bothering him? Well, he’s just another hen.
Moreover, John couldn't afford mistakes. Not anymore. His small network was suffering. More so than usual to clarify. All thanks to this...
He must have thought John would be some homophobic twat. Maybe even thinking John would do something about it.
So here he is, running around like some lost puppy with separation anxiety. When, for all he knew, Sherlock could have just decided to take the long way back, maybe a walk in the park, perhaps gone to see a friend.
"Um, Sir?" The kid- Gavin was it?-turned to look up at him over the rims of his square spectacles nervously. He was a pale willowy guy, dressed in a cleanly cut suit, expensive looking shoes, wearing some noxious celebrity colon he recognized, and slicked back hair.
“There were numerous possibilities concerning a possible rivalry or perhaps a flux in—ah, parental figures. Inherited axioms, mercurial a-grades and such."
John laughs to cover up the bitterness rushing up his throat, wanting to spit it out like a child. He was no fool to his fellow male classmates behavior. Especially in the face of someone so…well. Sarcastic and cynical came to mind. But hell, this was Uni, we all were-- that should’ve helped him fit in.
. John couldn't help but think. "You're really beautiful," John repeated, although his vision was still quite blurry, he could discern the figure in warm lighting that shone over a head of curly brown locks, giving it a halo-like effect as well as the two keen eyes observing him under curled bangs. They a raised brow and blinked in surprise. Finally turning their head forward with a chuckle. "Thank you, I know."
“What the hell are you doing?! Get out of here!” Sherlock warns him, but his voice is now weak and breathy.
Sherlock shook his head. "No," He enunciated the word slowly, as though admonishing a temperamental toddler . "A user. A
“No!” John shoots up to correct the… not entirely incorrect assumption, well…urgh. “I just—I just had a rough night.” He finishes with a slump as he resumes resting his forehead on his knees petulantly. Not
The soldier was shaking. Not in grief but in rage, and it scared John, unlike Sherlock-the blasé prick. Was he blind? Sherlock was, quite surely, not coming out this unscathed. If only beaten bloody. Unless John managed to do something, but they weren't listening. Did everyone here despise Sherlock? How had he managed to piss of
John Watson shouldn’t feel this way. Not at all, not in the slightest. Mmm, perhaps a bit. Okay, far more than a
Conceal, don’t feel, don’t kill the bloke. John takes a steadying breath and focuses on his exercise.
John swallows at the sudden vulnerability. The odds weren’t against him, no. John wouldn’t hurt him, probably couldn’t if he tried, not like this. But it was worrying. The intensity of the moment, the very possibility of him being someone else. How easily John could hurt him, take any notion of a friend away. But relief floods him like a tidal wave. Because he is him.
John couldn't hold back his sigh of relief at that. He hadn't been stabbed. He was still awfully sore though. "...Wait, did you say three days?"
“You can head back to your room, it’s Dante’s turn on towel duty.” The man informs him, holding his downturned clipboard over his head in an exaggerated reaction to the light drizzle the storm has receded to. “And you don’t need to shower given the one you’ve just took.” He adds, a dimmed look on his weatherworn face as he nods John in the direction of the boy’s ward.
A natural blonde, affinity for sad blue eyes and dark espies, pet peeves: loud eaters, pastels, and bowties. Mother deceased, graying from stress, THC addict. Clinically depressed, a distant daughter in the result of teenage pregnancy currently under her contemptuous parents care, pro-lifer, suicidal in a few months. CBD addiction, preferred dosage through edible gummy and/or syrup in herb tea. Guitarist, overly emotional creature, life-span fleeting if the long-distance relationship with unfaithful beau continues. Discreet opiate withdrawal, nasty too, not the first time, broken knuckles, splinters, broken closet doors, anger issues but refuses to seek therapy due to—due to—
Two weeks and five days had passed. Two weeks and five days since he'd last laid eyes on John. Two weeks and four days and 12 hours since John had last smiled at him. Two weeks and three days and 14 hours since John had last called him the brilliant man he was.
He turns, whips it open, letting the blanket unfurl from its artfully folded state over his side of the duvet. And doesn’t hesitate in throwing it over the stupid genius shivering beside him. John pauses for a moment, still holding the tips of the woven, indigo edging above Sherlock’s waist.
“If you can truly manage to believe such fallacious logic, then surely even you can see that you’re just a few sandwiches shy of a picnic.”
John aimed a content grin up, but it slowly slacked at what he saw there. Sherlock's translucent gaze squinted at him almost adoringly. Eyes smiling more than his pursed mouth, as though he didn't want to show too much. It took his breath away for a moment.
He unconsciously reaches up to squeeze the hand on his arm in silent thanks, before catching himself with a frown. But she squeezes right back as he recoils, lowers it, and keeps it there. Holding tight as she leads the ways through shadowed corridors in a brave trek, footsteps and admonished titters quiet in their exciting endeavor to avoid the hall’s windows as the sheer light of stars and streetlights attempt to reveal them to sparse, passing security.
Having second thoughts though… it would take a while to assign another student to his room, courtesy of Mycroft’s controlling nature and need to snoop…plus, Sherlock needed somewhere to put his paraphernalia on heterogeneous mixtures. Anderson was being astoundingly obnoxious as of recent and he had a little plan for his Twix bar next lunch period.
And then he began climbing the rock with skill Sherlock didn't know he possessed in that short stature. Kevin was indubitably correct about his ass though, astonishing view.
Whatever, the last thing he needed were the cops on his rear. Outrunning Scottland Yard was never an easy task. Scottland Yard’s always reveled in hunting down gangs down like rats. But only ones that got too fat, too sloppy.
"No, I would have alerted the authorities immediately." He drawled in a 'did you switch your brains for marbles' tone. John ignored it, he was getting good at that, Sherlock noted. "Then why haven't you?" John met his gaze.
"Ah, yes. That's far better." Sherlock muttered and glanced at John boredly. "Do you have some type of strange fitness deviant or standard and you must test me to see if I qualify?"
Then Sherlock was punched in the face, the right hook looking absolutely vicious, accompanied by a feral snarl muffled by the first mans mask-looking every bit the muzzle it was. Effectively slamming Sherlock to the right and into the hard counter, his lithe torso crashing into the edge.
half naked. That wouldn't look too well in the presence of two conformed and religious women who had probably never spoken to anyone less.
“Oh, get back here.” John finally hisses in exasperation, catching Sherlock by the back of his hoodie and dragging him back onto the cot before he can sprint away. “You’re starting to freak me out.” John tells him honestly, hand gripping the front of the blanket around Sherlock’s shoulders to keep him there, acting as some sort of leash. This was a little irking now. Was he living with an alien? A super spy with super gadgets from the future who enjoyed telling people random shit about their person and then torturing them by not telling them how they knew? Maybe his future wasn’t as dull as he first thought.  ”If you don’t come out with it right now, so help me god I’ll sit on you until you tell me.”
The amplification of unconscious necessity (no—desire. Controllable.) evoked by what he subconsciously 'wouldn’t mind’ or ‘could tolerate’ that he would find frequently bubbling into rational everyday thought or musings in a not dissimilar manner. Which was out of his control, his bloody character, and his previously thought utterly insubstantial expectation for said ‘affection’.
Sherlock peers up, makes an offended ‘mmph’ over his snickers bar, and does a helpless sort of ‘why’ gesture. Sherlock hadn’t even heard her coming—oh yeah headphones.
The man- John, to his expectation, doesn't seem startled what so ever, and places his glass onto a passing waiters tray. Even going so far as to offer his hand with a small bow. If people are staring, which some are or they're too engrossed in their companion to care, he doesn't seem to notice.
Seemingly satisfied with the drop of subject, Sherlock leaned forward to pour John and himself some more tea. "When do you plan to leave? I would suggest you stay here until the blizzard lets up." He prompted with a brief look in Johns direction as he stirred in a sugar cube.
Barking sharing likeness to a lions roar echoes in his ears. And he suddenly remembers he’d left his earphones on Irene’s vanity before he taking his book-bag.
"A paper bag, thugs, violence, a van." Sherlock listed off dully as he looked away and stared at a spot on the wall. "How quaint." He gestured for John to take a seat.
, this is highly classified, if only to prevent any more unseemly happenstance. Any miscalculation could prove appreciably consequential. Especially
She couldn't contain her frail, bubbly laughter as she responded. "Well, I can assure you that when I caught Sherlock dragging your bloody corpse up the stairs he had quite some explaining to do."
The horde of people passing just behind them seemed to have dissipated into white noise, but Jesus, they must have been a sight. His bewildered eyes stared up at two half-shut, blank ones. John dug his fingers into his bare forearms, his short nails biting into his numbing flesh. And lowered his gaze to the woolen, navy scarf parallel to him. Clinical and to the point as always. The realization has always been hovering there. In their disregard, in their slacking, in their damn near constant ‘hey John I can’t make it tonight. Can you fill in?’s.
“It’s hard not to. That really was amazing—should put it on youtube-- I mean—“ He smothers a giggle when a thought comes up. “And here I was, thinking you were checking me out.”
“I’ve reached a conclusion!” A boisterous declaration punctually breaks the crackling air grandiloquently, this time the voice is new. John peers up just enough to find a pair of legs clad in dark denim amble towards him before they crouch, granting him the sight of Epiphany Boy’s chocolate face a good few inches from his own. He’s far too cheerful to breathe around John at the moment.
"Jay! ...what the hell, man?" He trailed off as he caught sight of John. "Showing this punk a lesson." Jay roughly shrugged out of his grip and glared at him. "Get back in the van and start the engine." The kid looked uncertainly at John and back at Jay and the other two guys. "Guys-guys come on we don't need to do this. Let's just go, we've got the-" One of the other men shouted without looking away from John. "Get back in the fucking van, Kyle!" His fists were clenched at his sides, eyes wide and manic. God, he seemed worse than the first one. "Or maybe you could take his place?" He suggested, sickly grin on his face daring him to.
"Worrying is like walking around with an umbrella and waiting for it to rain." Sherlock blinked down at John, not expecting the philosophical answer.
John was handling this remarkably well, considering most men apparently lose both their balls and their marbles after realizing they would do a bloke. Should he go to church, eat a steak, maybe cry a bit?
Funny. Sherlock would never have taken the morally prided jock, the doctor influenced by a solemn past that despised weakness, for an outreach type.
John takes the slightly torn notebook paper and reads the conservative scrawl on it for a clearly unnecessary period of time, eyes narrowing in deep concentration as he goes over it gravely like he is proofreading his mother’s will instead of an immature jotting Sherlock hadn’t done since his primary years. Upon finishing with a weary, salaried nod that Sherlock could appreciate in its grace, John says. “I’ll have to speak with my lawyer first.”
John wanted to scream at him. Now was not the time. Now was not the time spill a reluctant SWAT soldier man's guts out to him.
Like he'd sensed his discomfort, Lestrade turned to him. Looking far more accommodating than the first time around. "You wouldn't mind coming along?" The inspector glanced at Sherlock, then looking at him in silent plead. What the- "I would really appreciate your company, Sherlock was right, your skills are most helpful." Greg's eyes grew in size.
"Yeah," His voice cracked on the syllable. "a small red man repeatedly pokes and prods me with his pitchfork, sassing me into oblivion and yelling obscenities spliced with my
She turned to the security guard patiently, and said. "It will only take him a moment to get his niece, their room is only on floor twelve. Let him through."
As such, concern overrides as always, leaving him feeling a little dizzy. Yes. Despite his untimely sexuality crisis, John remains loyal and vital to the end. Maybe Mummy was right, his virtue will be the death of him someday.
Jim visibly reads him like a book, and Sherlock doesn’t know whether he should remain wrathful or get grateful for a non-moron, mentally ill or not be damned.
Whatever, the last thing he needed were the cops on his rear. Outrunning Scottland Yard was never an easy task. Scottland Yard’s always reveled in hunting down gangs down like rats. But only larger ones who got too fat, too sloppy.
Opening up the suitcase she pulled out a plain white mask and turned it over with slightly trembling hands. It read 'criminal' in black marker on the forehead. Exhaling shakily she bent over and pulled down her hood, keeping her face out of view of the surveillance camera in the top right corner of the elevator, and slipped the elastic of the mask over and behind her head. Standing up she adjusted it and picked up the now closed suitcase again and exited the elevator.
Jim concedes, popping the ‘p’. “Daddy’s got some errands to run,” He lilts in a rib, falling back into rhythm with his accommodating façade lazily wielded for a precedently lazy audience. A nanoscale tic in his jaw as he peeks at the bandage covering Sherlock’s frail hand is well-hidden by an impromptu grin.
Sherlock strapped the rest of the bandage in place and rose after loosening them diminutively but effectively. Brushing his hair out of his eyes he met Johns gaze. "None taken.  The scene was... a tad too macabre for my taste." He answered and began clearing the stained remnants off the counter.  Discarding the soiled cotton into a small cylinder trash can John briefly noticed when he waited for his heaves to subside earlier.
The stranger stuttered in stride but quickly continued walking again, hauling him up once more, appearing to struggle with his weight. They shook their head. "I'll take that as a 'no'." The stranger muttered. John just kept staring at him.
“That’s none of your concern, dear.” John refines, sugary sweet and condescending, causing the figure in front of him to stiffen. “ And while you’re entertaining commentary and reciting the obvious have been fun…” He shrugged and met Sherlock’s eyes blankly. “I’m afraid I’ll have to miss your next opening night.” And a resigned lip purse to finish. Flawless.
"When in reality, I’d rather have the walls painted with my innards, and have my severed head  act as a paintbrush. Than to be referred to as anything remotely related to their
John’s tongue clicks on its own accord, though the appendage seemed tired too. And exhales down at nimble feline seemingly made of rubber. Seemingly uncaring of his very close roommate practically fondling him to the wall after tossing him onto his bed. Seemingly unaware of any and all implications this would pose to the greater public.
How it had influenced him throughout. How they lashed and scarred a vulnerable one of their own. Melded him into the deformed man he now was.
John frowned at the muted mischief on Sherlock's face. Narrowing his eyes and crossing his bare arms again, John recalled something else rather distinguishing about Neanderthals.
Oh, god. John really had a stalker. He is minutely flattered before becoming alarmed, oh god. Did Sherlock arrange to have his victim roomed with him? He did say he hacked the school system. But John could handle him, Sherlock was harmless in his state and good bit less… formidable but he—
“No.” Sherlock says simply, promptly taking another puff. Despite the fact he’d just taken one not a moment circa sass.
The security guard looked down at him nervously. "I'm sorry, sir. But no one is allowed to use the lift right now." Moriarty began to look angry and panicked.
Sherlock sighed, already knowing how this was going to end. And slid his other arm through his coat’s sleeve. “Quite.”
The rustling papers in Sherlock’s hands involuntarily lower for the second time that morning. “…I do?”
