“Good, good. Do you…happen to have any thread?” He asked, aiming for what he hoped came off as casual.
“Well if you’re thinking about going to Oddbins, I’d advise you not to.” Sherlock began sourly. “Ever since the son took over he’s been overpricing his merchandise by more than double what it should be. You’ll find a much better selection at Majestic Wine on Crawford.”
Stopping short on the pavement, the doctor barely dodged a group of teenagers who were walking three abreast directly behind him as he stepped aside. He stared defiantly out into the middle of the street.
He kept his glances discreet, making a show of pouring a cup of eggnog after dropping his empty beer bottle into a nearby bin. Lucy’s entire attitude had shifted from the demure isolated creature she was prior. She was smiling, laughing, whatever she was discussing must have been exciting Lucy spoke animatedly; every so often motioning to the area near the base of her throat.
“You about done there?” John cocked a brow as the sitting room returned to focus. “I can’t go. You won’t let me.” He frowned, appearing displeased with his own statement. “Well…technically you won’t let
Gone was the trademarked tailored suit, replaced by muted navy cargo pants and a dark grey thermal shirt—though he was practically swimming in both of them. On his feet were what looked to John like a pair of military-issued combat boots.
Sherlock’s gaze traveled downward, following one of the taunt tendons of John’s throat, lingering around his collarbone where it peeked from the collar of his rumpled t-shirt before sweeping out somewhere beyond his shoulder. He remained mute, a familiar stony defiance that told John he’d have better luck growing a second head then getting a response out of him.
He supposed at the very least, he could go on a date without the fear of being interrupted. An unhindered opportunity to have a nice romantic evening out. A little dinner, some wine and maybe, if things went swimmingly, something more afterwards. No calls or texts or worse—
As the shapeless begins to take shape, as John’s sleep-muddled brain realizes there’s not something on him but
fur of yours.” He declared, glaring rather lividly at his jumper, already making a grab for the bottom hem when John batted his hands away.
He was considering refining his search criteria, already half-way through flicking past the third page of results, when John’s eyes caught:
. Deciding to reply to it later, maybe tomorrow, the doctor glanced up and his eyes fell onto the empty chair.
He’d have all today to prepare and then Saturday would be spent at the convention center, one panel in the morning round 10am with other doctors and a personal lecture in the afternoon at 2pm. Both ending in a short Q&A. John had spent the rest of that week going over his discussion topics, ranging from identifying foreign illnesses to providing aid out in the middle of nowhere with limited supplies.
The doctor cleared his throat. There was something he’d been meaning to say all night. “Listen I’m—sorry about Mrs. H tearing you off a strip before with the whole—” John sighed, gesturing to his face, embarrassment evident in his tone.
The skin at the center of John’s eyebrows creased vertically. “Condition…” He parroted and Sherlock huffed a laugh from his nose. Without warning he pushed into John’s space, planting his hands firmly on the carpet on either side of his hips and closing in so their faces were mere inches apart. Though John didn’t startle from the sudden intrusion, his breath did catch at the undeterred view down Sherlock’s dress shirt, undone by an extra two buttons.
Mrs. Hudson—surprised to see him home so soon, invited John for dinner with a delicious shepherd’s pie. He accepted a storage bowl of it with the excuse of being dead knackered from his trip and spent the rest of the weekend burrowed in the flat trying very hard not to burn through half a bottle of whiskey.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “So what does one say when the only word made for such sentiments is…well, useless?”
As the indignation curdled in John’s stomach he walked several feet more before halting and turning sharply, catching his own stony reflection in the car’s back window. Before the doctor could act, the window began to ease down, revealing no one on the other side.
As he passed the bedside table on the way to the bath, John grabbed his phone to check if he had any notifications. But as the doctor unlocked his screen he found the internet browser was opened and navigated to the Durham train website, specifically the schedule for the Virgin East Coast line back to London. The next train appeared to be leaving at noon.
Mrs. Hudson felt John’s hand twist round in hers as his eyes traveled away and to the space between his legs. She clasped his palm in return, thumb smoothly brushing over his. “No matter what…remember that.”
“The whole Met is on it.” John replied for him as he returned, shooting the other man an apologetic look over Mrs. H’s shoulder, letting it drop as she turned round to regard him. “Greg’s just here to…to see how I’m doing.”
Like a bubble bursting from the thinness of its own delicate form, Sherlock was suddenly staring at a corner of stained chipping paint once more, any placebo gain of comfort exploding with it.
John had wondered in the past—usually after a particularly nasty row with Sherlock—if there would ever come a day the man would grow tired of him. That John would outlive his usefulness. Whatever qualities Sherlock found interesting enough to keep looking at him in that undefinable way that said without saying ‘
After a bit more rustling, Sherlock took a sweeping breath and announced quietly, “Let’s start from the beginning shall we?”
John hadn’t answered the call from last night and he was seriously debating not accepting this one either. What was the point really? Maybe if he just ignored whoever this evidently bizarre person was, they would just give up and leave him alone.
.” He tried again, squeezing Sherlock’s hand with a gentle firmness and sweeping his thumb over it in what John hoped was a soothing manner. He wasn’t sure if anyone had become aware of them arriving or that they were still loitering by the front door, but at the moment John couldn’t give a toss. “We don’t have to stay you know. Honest. I’ll make up something to tell Greg and we’ll go.”
“I have to go back John.” The doctor glanced over to see Sherlock’s eyes were closed, only cracking a faction to gaze up at him after a weighted pause, long enough that John had begun to think he fell asleep again.
. What he wouldn’t give for a crash or the squeak of a bow abusing strings. The eruption of excitement as a piece of complicated puzzle tumbled into place.
He felt a sort of bizarre promiscuity towards it as of late. Like having this phone somehow constituted as cheating on his real one. They were never kept in the same pocket for starters and even now, John’s everyday mobile was tucked away in his jeans which were draped across the back of his armchair.
an ugly Christmas sweater.” He kept the momentum going, crossing to the other side of the kitchen to where his wallet was sitting beside his mobile on the counter.
Chuckling, John tongued over the better side of his bottom lip. Sarah had reacted much the same, though not to the same degree of alarm as Mrs. Hudson. After John had pulled himself together enough to call the clinic that afternoon. He gave Sarah the briefest of recounts and apologized for not being in that morning for his shift. She told him not to dare apologize and that she was just relieved he was alright.
…” Sherlock reached forward to the hand holding up John’s beer, pushing the snug cuff of his wretched jumper back with a grimace to reveal his watch. “Fifty minutes or so.”
John bursts from sleep like he’s breaching the surface of some fathomless body of water, gasping and attempting to flail but finds his limbs are ensnared. There’s a great weight on him, all over him, holding him down and he rallies against it. Fights it as he tries to process what he’s seeing beyond the strobing of his vision. Black upon churning black.
It took him an appallingly long time to drum up with the most obvious of answers. Steam engine indeed. “Anderson! I remember we nearly got into an argument about Tom Bombadil being left out of the film once—Trust me, love. By the time I’m done explaining who and what that is you’ll of regretted ever asking me.” John was quick to append when he noticed the mildly nonplussed look Sherlock had about him.
Fun fact 2: I originally had John going to see Anderson to learn about TEH but scrapped it in favor of having him run into Mary. (I realize I have a limited time to establish her presence so the bulk of my writing had to be redone.)
A man by the name of Nicolas Dufort had been in bed with Moriarty for some time, trading confidential political activity in return for
friend or whatever the hell people always assumed about them—in that instant he couldn’t bring himself to make an argument against the insinuation.
Sherlock’s airy snort billowed from his nostrils. “I suppose I was suddenly filled with the spirit of
a Netflix account to use it. Fancy that. John did have a robust movie selection via DVDs but there was something comfortably non-specific about just taking in the game. No explosions or drama, the only tension was from the teams vying for points.
There were probably a dozen health code violations in any given centimeter. It was stuffy and dark and reeked of old beer. Though smoking had been banned long ago, one could still smell the scent of deeply infused cigarette smoke in the furnishings. The vinyl upholstery of John’s barstool stuck to the back of his trousers, a rather sharp crack in it poking him in the cheek whenever he moved.
John furrowed his brow, stealing a quick glance over to where Philip remained haunting Claudia by the drinks table, the poor woman inching away whenever Anderson hovered farther into her personal space.
“Red.” John replied with a firm determination. As about as firm as one could be about sodding string. “As thick as you have.”
flatmate’s bed. The one she was under the steadfast opinion that he’d been in a romantic relationship with despite every single one of John’s protests (
“It wasn’t with water.” Lestrade clucked his tongue, eyebrows arching as he plucked a few crisps from the now dwindling pile.
To John’s inward delight, the forensic pathologist was sidled up next to Claudia, eagerly chatting her up while she appeared to be only politely conversing back. He might not have been able to read people as thoroughly as Sherlock, but John knew a forced smile and a body held stiffly when he saw one.
). Even now the man was trying desperately to calm the situation, looking around anxiously in fear of causing a scene.
) and a pair of dark well-worn jeans. Though despite the doctor’s relaxed appearance, even down to his sock-clad feet, John leveled Sherlock with a heavy expression. Somewhere between apprehension and disappointment.
Luckily, Sherlock read John’s intentions loud and clear, wedging his knees beneath the doctor’s thighs for purchase. Though the tempo remained measured, Sherlock pumped into him with his whole body. Each stroke long and deep, colliding with the throbbing lump of his prostate so precisely that John felt close to tears. John impulsively hugged himself around him, lifting shaky legs and hooking the backs of his heels just under the swell of the man’s arse.
John missed whatever words went with the movement, but he could certainly hear the growing desperation and excitement in the man’s muffled tone and see it coil up in his shoulders. Which was more than enough to put John on the defensive.
It was when toxicology report came back however, showing near lethal levels of cyanide in Mr. Andrew’s system though his stomach was empty at the time of death that Lestrade called in Sherlock.
So while Donovan was technically nothing but a pawn in a lunatic’s game much like the rest of them, that didn’t mean John was in any rush to bury the hatchet. Though there were a few places he could envision embedding one…
The traffic on the ride over to the party wasn’t nearly as bad as John anticipated, their driver opting for several side roads to avoid the heaviest gridlock and dropping them off at Lestrade’s flat in Acton in record time.
Reaching up he tugged the bedside light off, checked his phone one more time to make sure he set the alarm for tomorrow and settled in on his back. His surroundings were near silent both within the building and outside on the street. Only the faint sound of curtains lightly billowing, John having cracked the window open to let in a breeze smelling of fresh summer air.
John supposed it was normal for this to feel abnormal. Could almost hear Ella telling him the same thing. It was his first time away on his own when returning meant still
Sherlock laughed softly but genuinely, turning his head to address him. His mirth iced over upon spotting the “wreath” mounted on John’s left shoulder. Not only was it misshapen like every other object on the sweater, it wasn’t even the customary green, but instead red flecked with white and adorned with more little pompoms.
.” Greg tamped the bottom edges sharply then plopped them on the top mesh tray of a document organizer.
Greg gave a cynical puff, washing down his mouthful with a chug of soda. He curled a fist to his lips to stifle what turned out to be a robust burp. “Cor…s’cuse me.” The DI pardoned himself, his black leather chair squeaking as he reclined. “Nothing particularly
…while Sherlock sat there staring at it, his left leg was registering the heat rather than the right as it should have been. This wouldn’t do at all of course.
near the North West corner of the attic. It was hard to see from his position, the flooring running out about a meter ahead of him, but as John moved his light over the sloping beams he believed he spotted a damp one. The dripping sound was definitely louder where he was standing.
But that evening, the doctor had crossed the short distance and reached for the knob, hinges whining as he eased the door open slowly, just enough to pop his head round it. The light from the bathroom spilled in, cutting the blackness like a knife of murky white.
And later still, after Sherlock’s splayed knees drew in, after his hips nearly lifted off the cushion with a bitten off bellow of John’s name and John moaned eagerly around his pulsing length. After John had climbed inelegantly onto Sherlock’s lap and Sherlock crushed their mouths together as he took John’s cock in a lightly trembling hand. After John gave his own breathy shout along Sherlock’s temple, spilling over the man’s fist for a second time that night.
“Yes, well, mind you don’t let it get to--” Sherlock cut himself off, followed a loud rush of something brushing against the receiver. “John I have to go. He’s—my mark is leaving.”
mention to him that should anything unfavorable happen to Mrs. H, I knew a place with an active minefield.”
“How in the world…” John trailed off in astonishment, turning to Sherlock again. “You had something to do with that, didn’t you?” Sherlock threw him a relatively innocent look and nothing more. “
The doctor bit back a grin, momentarily distracted as he navigated the kiosk’s touchscreen for the tiny depiction of parsley among the other similar looking green leafy herbs. Jabbing the image with a defiant finger when he finally located it.
Caught up for a moment in his own mounting desire, John smeared his thumb from the center of Sherlock’s mouth to one corner then back around, dragging it wetly across his bottom lip, rapt by the plush skin molding and shifting as he moved. His breath caught when Sherlock’s tongue darted out to flick at his fingertip as it passed near the middle.
And how a six foot man, not counting the five or so inches of faux-fur horns, in a dress suit could elude his sight amongst two dozen people in atrocious sweaters, John hadn’t the foggiest. Though the first and last answer that came to the doctor’s mind was:
“The back door leading into the kitchen of the Andrew’s home was rammed open by a heavy object. Specifically something that could make a row of three puncture marks and was composed of bronze. Our would be burglar found such an item located in Mrs. Andrew’s back garden in the form of a sixty centimeter tall bronze statue of a Poseidon holding a trident. But that’s not the important part…”
He promised to keep her informed about any side effects but dodged her suggestion about maybe going back to therapy.
Sherlock moaned shamelessly, drawing John’s nipple in further as he sunk his finger as deep as it would go, John’s passage clench reflexively as it curled upward, searching.
“Of course dear.” She raised her arms and waved him in for another hug. John obliged. “Remember what I said, hmm?”
“I’m sorry.” John cocked his head with an amusement that was nothing short of dangerous if this git had known any better. “Pretty sure I told you to be respectful.” He licked his lips. “Considering you have no fucking idea what you’re talking about.”
The torment didn’t stop there. Oh no. Four days of answering the same inane questions ad nauseum. Pretending to be pleased to see people he’d never met before and would never encounter again. The incessant playing of “popular” songs disguised as classical music overhead. The requirement to wear a tie. And perhaps the vilest part of all…the smiling.
“Eloquent as ever…but something along that line, yes.” John heard a brief swishing of movement. Maybe it was a bit whimsical, but he could easily picture Sherlock frowning petulantly in some darkened room or tucked away in some shadowy nook of an alley. All arms crossed and steely looks.
—look at me.” Reaching for a nearby napkin, Mrs. Hudson pushed it under the rims of her glasses to dot at her eyes.
an abomination.” He gave him one last withering glower before returning to his work, carefully extracting one glass slide from the mounting clips to replace it with another.
He drew away then, spotting the large damp splotches he’d made on Mrs. H’s shoulder, letting out a remorseful and equally embarrassed. “
?” Sherlock prompted. The way his eyelids lowered a fraction, slowly and softly in the snug darkness of the backseat caused John’s pulse to stutter.
” Sherlock gasped into the crook of his neck where he’d crushed his face, his voice sounding frayed and a little desperate. He seemed to move on autopilot, need outweighing composure as his hips gave a sudden snap.
The detective’s gaze fell solemnly to his chair, noting how muted the leather surface looked in the firelight. In fact everything had a washed-out quality to it on a second passing, not quite as sharp. He tried to bring the dark filigreed borders around the burgundy tiles of the hearth into focus but the lines stayed muddied.
But a selfish part of him didn’t want to share those moments with anyone else either. They were private.
The DI supposed that that was about as much of a ‘Sure I’ll help’ as he was going to get. He leveled a sigh, reaching for his keys dangling from the ignition, the car sputtering to life with a twist. “Fine.”
“Ah ha!” He barked victoriously, spotting the edges of the map peeking out between a copy of Homer’s The Odyssey and Hardy’s The Return of the Native. He carefully unfolded the large map and glanced around the room for some surface big enough and clear enough to lay it flat.
As John’s hands rounded over the detective’s broad shoulders, he pushed himself back. Far enough to see the look of dreamy contentment on Sherlock’s face contort into a slighted pout.
They spoke for a little longer, John briefly touching on his extreme working habits as of late, admitting that maybe he should ease off a bit. He didn’t mention his insomnia or the strange phone calls. Though he figured the former was evident enough just by looking at him.
John tongued the inside of his cheek, envisioning sleeping on Lestrade’s sofa tonight and the next few nights at that.
The antiquated radio John set up near the microwave on the far side of the kitchen hummed with an upbeat intro. With a slight turn of his head, John could just make out the opening lyrics over the sizzling pan:
orders of the Thai dumplings. That way, when Sherlock inevitably ate most of them, there would be some left for him.
“John?” Sherlock’s deep voice came almost immediately as the call connected. “John don’t hang up. I just…I just wanted to speak to you.” He sounded earnest, hesitant in a way the doctor rarely heard him use.
“I mean untraceable.” Mycroft volleyed back, looking positively affronted. “Trust me when I say I have zero interest in listening in on whatever it is you two gab about.” He spat with enough distain that John actually believed him.
The doctor rolled his eyes but nodded, both men laughing before Greg headed for the stairs and John shut the door behind him.
“You know…doing the whole stakeout thing was exciting for me yeah, but…really it meant we got to spend time with each other.”
Setting the book down on his leg, John took a moment to stretch, his right shoulder popping loudly followed quickly by the left as he extended his arms above his head with a satisfied groan. The paperback was dislodged when he arched his back, sliding inward and slipping between his thighs. Righting himself with a yawn, John licked over his lips, suddenly noting how dry his mouth was and frowned.
as the duvet puffed round him like a cloud. He closed his eyes, letting out a resoundingly pleased sigh.
?’ face you do.” He quipped, feigning his best impression of the man and causing the skin at the bridge of Sherlock’s nose to crease in offense.
“Dr. Watson?” Came a soft inquiry from his left. John glanced over, admittedly shocked to see none other than Mary Morstan standing halfway between him and the counter, her tentative smile widening as their eyes met and she apparently confirmed her suspicion.
Taking his seat, John began slowly working backwards through his phone log, listing every unknown call he received while weeding out the few local ones from telemarketers.
.” He sat back with a frank huff, arms crossing in front of him.  “There’d be too much of a risk in Lucy asking Philip about it. Things had to progress organically. At least in appearance.”
And finally I wanted to give a quick plug to an EPIC story called 'A Vintage Exceptionally to Your Liking' by the wonderful EmmyAngua. It's a fantastic AU fic and if you haven't checked it out then you should ASAP: http://archiveofourown.org/works/1932093
“Hoped? Why would you?” Sherlock taunted in return, denying even his fabrication of a brother any scrap of shame. “I’ve only been clean for
John looked to Sherlock with a baffled grin to see him openly watching the two beneath the mistletoe. Though his expression didn’t give much away, John swore there was a quiet respect there. Curling his lips round two fingers, John made a shrill whistle before joining in on the applause.
Out of all the unanswered questions he’d been amassing over the last few months, John found that one remarkably heartening.
It was a warmer month, a brighter month, summer attempting to get into the swing of things after a bitter spring.
He rose up on one elbow, taking in his surroundings with scratchy eyes to see it equally as empty. Quiet but for the muffled din of traffic and people passing outside, filtering in through the closed window.
Greg stood in the sitting room of 221B later that night with a quiet bewilderment, his gaze slowly sweeping across the surroundings he’d been in countless times. It was so…
“John.” The weight rumbles, soft but urgent, so close he can feel heat on his face. “John you’re having a nightmare.” It hisses and John feels panic slicing its way from his stomach to the base of his skull because darkness doesn’t speak and he needs to get up, get it off of him, get away.
The center table was completely clear; the counters were organized; if Lestrade were to look in said fridge, it was reasonable to assume he’d find no bits of people.
He checked the status of the export; the bar nearly at 65% percent, then glanced to the security camera feeds, filling with a haughty pleasure at seeing Mme. Bélanger still trapped in the purgatory of call waiting.
What little social interactions John engaged in had deteriorated. He told Mrs. Hudson he was too busy and Greg he was too tired. And he was…he was exhausted. But not enough to sleep a full night. He had nightmares more often these past weeks, his brain vying with the media to remind him of how horrible last June was and how horrible this one would be too.
Much like his brother, John was dressed for warmer conditions, sporting his thin blue jumper with the tiny alternating stripes (
’, it would be the best spirits the doctor had on hand. Admittedly rather good after one got passed the way it scorched down the throat just before hitting the stomach like a liquid load of bricks. He also couldn’t deny the effect it had afterwards…
John shook it off and gathered his dishes, ushering them to the sink so he could ready himself for bed.
How Sherlock had approached the employee, posing as a disgruntled customer wanting a particular brand of wine that was out of stock. That the suspected employee in turn mentioned he just happened to have some stashed away and would be willing to sell it to him at a discount. And then how Sherlock secretly had the owner on the phone while the deal went down in a car park several blocks from the store that night.
He watched as the buildings and commotion of the city flashed by quicker and quicker. John closed his eyes after a while, attempting to get an hour in, maybe two if he were lucky.
It was a few minutes later that Lestrade clanged on the side of his beer bottle with a fork and announced the ugliest jumper winner, giving it to a Lieutenant Green. The young man had gone above and beyond the realms of taste by cutting two circular holes in the chest area of his sweater and then fashioning each of his (quite ample and hairy) exposed pectoral muscles to look like snowmen faces—including a carrot nose protruding from each nipple.
the only thing left he hadn’t tested…With a grunt, John jettisoned himself backwards onto it, landing with a soft
The question was clearly an unexpected one as Greg balked a bit, huffing. “We’re doing our weekly, remember?” He replied.
Satisfied with his findings, the doctor worked his way back through the loft and all the way down to the sitting room, holding the files to him like some precious thing.
give it a go at least once though, a week after the funeral, as the doctor stood before a black marble headstone, eyes tracing over the name cut into its shiny surface. Ridiculously lavish but kept restricted in its design.
With that cleared up, Sherlock seemed determined to ignore his protest. “Excellent! It’s leagues better than your bed—no offense. Seems such a waste to just let it sit there unused.”
“All gambling holds a certain amount of risk.” Mused Tiryaki. “You can throw all the logic and numbers at it you want. In the end, it is
A loud chime from the computer startled him as the export finally finished and the file was ready to attach. Forcing himself into action, he added it to the email and with a deft click, sent Dufort’s doom across cyberspace.
No idea if this was purposely done to be awful or someone made this in earnest. But it is brilliant.
John nodded against her shoulder. He would try at least. He pulled away quickly with a sharp clearing of his throat, fearing anymore of this and he’d be set off again. One emotional exorcizing was enough for one day.
John felt the need to stare again, barely curbing it. “Right—let’s, let’s get you patched up.” He announced, closing the last drawer and coming back over. John pulled a standing metal tray to him, arranging his supplies out over it and doing a quick double check that he had everything.
Martha nodded and motioned for him to come in from the hall. John did, only realizing as he went from the hard wood of the hallway to the stiff rug beyond Mrs. Hudson’s front door that in his haste, the only form of footwear he currently had on were socks. John instinctively dug his toes into the carpet and sighed loudly.
It was nonsensical really, downright trivial, but John couldn’t help a fleeting pang of disappointment at that.
’ before he was later found to be manufacturing heroin and other Schedule 1 narcotics beneath a derelict paper factory. Police were only halfway through processing the huge underground laboratory when it and the factory were razed in a fire that was still under investigation.
was subtler. Albeit stubborn at times, his pride was usually a quiet one. Unless John happened to be drunk or hell-bent on picking a woman up.
John mulled that over for a tic, unable to find a proper reason himself to be quite honest. “That makes two of us I reckon.” He answered. “But you’re welcome.”
manager stuttering in his wake. The poor man quickly launching himself to subdue her as she popped off her shoe and attempted to hurl it at the detective’s back.
question: no. No you maynot use this phone. It’s for company use only. Not that you even need to because your wallet isn’t
“Thread?” Martha repeated, absorbing the question for a half second. “Oh loads, what color were you looking for?”
Mahir carefully received them and peered towards the starting gate, luckily the jockey had paused in his walk while he was looking at his mobile. Adjusting the focus, Tiryaki studied the man’s hand, catching a small glint of gold sitting halfway between the rider’s second and third knuckle. “He is wearing a ring on his little finger.” He reported back.
Sighing, John let his hands drop to his sides. He came round the table to stand by Sherlock’s side and was as anticipated, pointedly ignored.
So...I had originally planned on just two chapters to this story. But as I got to writing out the party scene it just sort of grew to the point of becoming its own thing. And instead of having one massive last chapter I've decided to cut it up and add an end cap of three chapters. Granted I'm sure you guys wouldn't complain about getting
John had almost forgotten how condescending being cordial sounded coming out of that man’s mouth. A year ago he would have found it amusing. Maybe cracked a joke, maybe netted a little laugh or a smile out of Sherlock for it. Now John fought to keep his composure out of shear respect for himself.
As it turned out the “burglar” had taken up residence deep within the house’s cavernous loft, using the air ducts to travel to and fro. Upon further inspection, they found the stolen scarves and socks in a heap beneath four mewling kits covered in soft grey fuzz with only a hint of their trademark masks on their tiny faces.
Eventually he meandered to the produce section and was pondering the piles of fruits and veggies when his right pocket began to vibrate. John made a hasty grab for it, switching the basket to the opposite hand. Sure enough, there was an incoming call from an unknown number on
!” John barked, half laughing and half gasping as he tried to wriggle away. Sherlock made a rumbly little chuckle, placing an apologetic kiss to the fine trail of hair below his navel. The antlers brushed teasingly over John’s torso, so foreign yet weirdly sensual.
Arousal flooded John’s body so fast it made him dizzy. He could feel the thick line of Sherlock’s erection pressed firmly alongside his thigh. His own cock was nearly touching his stomach, throbbing from his bollocks all the way to the engorged head.
It was just as the song was hitting the end of the first verse that the doctor’s ears picked up his mobile ringing over it.
John was in the midst of selecting take-out menus from where he had filed them away in a drawer when he heard the television pop on, shifting voices and sounds as Lestrade must have been flipping through channels.
There had been a few cases that John hadn’t put up on the blog. At the time of he’d been too busy and after what happened…he couldn’t bring himself to even look at them let alone recount them for other people.
Sherlock’s features clenched, fingers curling inward so tightly his nails bit into his palms. The keenness of them digging had a dampening effect. Like steam venting from an over pressured pipe. Slowly he released them along with a wavering breath, smoothing his hands against the chair’s arms, letting the threadbare upholstery erase away the indents in his skin.
He’d let the jabs roll off his shoulders for the most part. Because what his sister failed to realize every time she teased him, was that John
Glancing at the security feeds, he was vexed to see the harpy in the floppy hat had ensnared his manager and was currently complaining at him, free arm waving wildly as the other was curled around her dog out from its crate.
The tense exchange had ended with the doctor being put on leave for the next three days after his shift tomorrow, Sarah stating quite
“Um, speaking of which…” John picked up a slightly damp carrot and ran it through the dip. “Maybe we should think about heading off soon, yeah?” He suggested, crunching as softly as he could. John hadn’t realized just how famished he was until there was suddenly food in front of him. Even the oily pile of crisps Sherlock had supplied for him was making his mouth water.
you building up steam down there,” Sherlock chided softly, startling John a little from his thoughts.
One from the mobile phone of the world’s only Consulting Detective before he plummeted into oblivion.
Ridiculous as it was, John couldn’t help but find the idea of Sherlock trying to work alongside himself and the sheer havoc that would ensue to be spectacular. Or that there were large cylinders of synthesized abiotic fluid somewhere deep underground filled with Sherlocks waiting to be cracked open, Belstaffs ready to be deployed.
Pulling up the left most marker shoved into the dot representing Paris, John pinned one end of the string down then pulled it relatively taut over to the next one in Italy, then to the one in Spain and so forth.
Caffe Tandoori was genuinely pleased to hear from him nonetheless, offering their sincerest condolences which John curtly thanked them for as he stood huddled in the kitchen out of earshot, stretching the tightness in his chest with a deep breath. He managed to keep a level voice as he placed their order.
“So don’t you dare.” John ground out, barely composed, releasing one hand so he could point a trembling finger at the detective. “Don’t you dare tell me
It had come in last night around 9-ish, which was either when John was flooring his second assailant or when he was in the middle of being processed. The police had already confiscated his belonging by then.
, don’t be like that…How else was I supposed to get him in the proper position and mindset?” He tutted at John’s visibly condemning look. “Anderson needed to get over his infatuation with Claudia before he’d be receptive to other prospects. I merely expedited the process.”
Outside, Baker Street had gone still. Only the occasional car passed, tires hissing along the damp tarmac or the soft grind of shoes along the pavement as someone ventured out into the muggy evening.
“This next, I think.” He felt Sherlock make a token pluck at his vest, still tucked into the waistband of his trousers. Nimble fingers worked slowly but efficiently, undoing John’s belt with a soft clink then moving on to the button. The moment Sherlock’s mouth was in view, John swooped in, cupping his jaw with both hands to kiss him heatedly and a little misaligned. Sherlock gave a low, rich groan and parted his lips.
It was a quarter till eight in the evening when John finally marched down the hall, freshly shaven and tugging warily at the cuffs of his jumper. Their stitching left much to be desired in terms of stretch, which wasn’t terribly surprising considering the sweater was in fact, made for a lady. Or at least John had assumed so when he found it hanging at a local thrift store amongst a plethora of secondhand knitware with very little organization.
“One of my better derelict ensembles.” Sherlock had remarked with a fond sadness. “Took me ages to build up that level of filth…”
“You’d be surprised though, what you end up tolerating to the point of it becoming your norm...” John hesitated to say more, assuming the subject was probably terribly boring for Sherlock. As to what would have been a more ‘engaging’ topic besides what he’d had for dinner that night, John was stumped. But to his surprise, Sherlock prompted him to continue.
“I anticipated thirty-five minutes until he was sufficiently snubbed.” Sherlock offered intuitively. “In the meantime, I set my sights on Lucy.”
It was all sorts of wrong, but John had to confess he missed her being concerned for him over something other than his job performance.
I know I'm terrible for ending it like that, but keep this in mind...this is a whole different time line we're working with here, canon impressions have changed, motivations are different now, things will not end the same as in the show because they simply can't. It's a brave new world friends!
to write the whole rest of the thing out and then publish on a regular schedule. But apparently without the WIP motivation of needing to get the next chapter up mixed with my own personal hangups, no writing gets done. But, gentle, kind, awesome readers, if you're still there, hopefully this chapter will slake your thirst for now. And as always, I promise you this will continue.
Mahir was in his late thirties, well-groomed—dense but manicured eyebrows, clean-shaven—a product enthusiast if Sherlock had ever seen one from the evenness of warm olive skin to the fine slickness of his short black hair. His outfits were casually upper class from what parts the detective could see beyond the man’s coat. Expensive thread choices but not obviously so. Not like Sherlock who aimed for showy.
empty for a Monday night. There was a man with a cart far down at the opposite end, picking through a pile of roman lettuce, his young son sitting in the front fold-out seat, brightly babbling as he pointed at random things around him. A few feet away to his left, an employee was restocking bundles of asparagus from a cardboard box. Her attention deeply focused on making sure they lay nicely in their bin.
.” The detective countered, but it lacked the bite he intended it to. He swore he wouldn’t ring John again. Not after the first and consequently last call he made some three months prior. Those 17.6 seconds Sherlock had scrutinized over innumerable times since.
Lestrade simply glanced over, his irritation quickly falling away at seeing John in the entry, while the man curled over his desk shot up to reveal a very spooked, very bearded…Philip Anderson.
“I…I hadn’t expected to enjoy myself as much as I did tonight.” He cited thoughtfully. “Marvelous sex aside—”
“Well, I can’t just go romping off with the first buck I come across you know.” John reasoned with a shrug, one hand sliding down towards Sherlock’s chest, purposefully staying out of the tempting gap of his shirt. “Even if he
much of a challenge.” The doctor added thoughtfully. “She looked about ready to crawl out of her own skin if she had half the chance.”
John’s smile broadened as he stood, pocketing his phone and picking up his still full cup, looking forward to the satisfaction of binning it in the nearest reciprocal. He had a brief inkling to ask for a refund, but for only costing him around a pound and a half, it just didn't seem worth the effort.
“I’m worried about him is all. I mean it’s almost—” Greg’s words died on his lips as he came to a halt. Of course Mycroft knew what
“Hello?” Christ he sounded tired? Drained? Half here? He settled on ‘off’. John sniffed loudly, cleared his throat again and sat up a bit.
When Sherlock then lowered his hand between John’s thighs, the doctor braced himself for the touch of the cool, wet finger. A sharp inhale escaped him, the back of his head tipping into the pillow as Sherlock made contact, rubbing his fingertip over hot puckered skin. Stopping periodically to gather another swipe of fluid warming in his palm and applying it to John’s entrance.
The doctor stopped short, easing back a step where he could just peer in through the first large pane of glass without standing entirely in front of it. There was one other man in the office besides Lestrade, who was sitting at his desk and partially blocked from view. The other man stood at the opposite side of the desk, his curled back to John, leaning over as he addressed the DI.
“The time-old struggle of unrequited feelings.” Sherlock ended a little dourly, skirting around the word that usually accompanied ‘unrequited’. He looked down a moment later to find John staring back at him in with no small amount of his own
Deciding to air on the side of humor, John placed a tray of chicken in his basket and began to make his way towards the checkout lines. “Bollocks. You
That was a bit of a deeply ingrained habit from his childhood. Harry, being the generous soul she tended to be, used to hoard every viable bookmark in the house. So, John improvised by nicking a few inches of what his mum called ‘waste yarn’ from her knitting basket to mark his place. These days he mostly used newspaper twine, but since dismantling his evidence wall, John had a lot of thread lying about.
Later as it looked well over for West Bromwich—much to Greg’s delight, Lestrade had eased the volume down on the television as they got to chatting.
“Now could you please hurry up? We’ll probably be late as it is with the traffic.” John requested over his shoulder, pocketing his wallet and pulling the charging cord from his phone.
Then again Mycroft had struggled keeping him afloat in the same room hadn’t he? Sherlock blinked, dispelling the thought and pressed on. “
“You’re not the only one with medical knowledge dear.” She said with a calm decisiveness and pushed it into his hand before navigating around the coffee table towards the couch.
“We use to chat about your adventures while we played.” Mrs. Hudson mused on the subject of her weekend card game. “They couldn’t believe I housed the two of you.”
John nearly sobbed with relief when Sherlock removed his fingers and made a hasty grab for the deserted lubricant, the bottle shaking faintly in his grasp as he squirted a messy pool into his palm. He pondered briefly if Sherlock had touched himself at all while priming him or if this was the first time from the low, almost anguished noise he made as he slicked his cock. Rigid and dusky rouge.
Sighing into the phone, John tried to formulate what exactly to talk about, now that he apparently had a captive audience.
“Uh—right,” John replied, managing to keep a quiver of laughter at bay. Truth be told he’d enjoyed a touch of roleplay in past relationships and after becoming involved with Sherlock, John had gladly nurtured a resurgence of it when he discovered Sherlock enjoyed it just as much. But like experiencing most things with the detective, the act of roleplay had delved into deeper, grander ways than John had ever let himself explore.
He scrambled to find the pair of socks he’d discarded the night prior. But even with them, the cold seeped in through the wool when his feet met the hardwood floor. With a grumbled curse, John made a grab for his dressing gown draped over the sleigh footboard and hastily threw it on.
The line remained quiet, but there was no doubt in John’s mind Sherlock was still there, waiting. Probably already predicting his bloody reaction before John even had it.
Perhaps he could now…write about them that is. They weren’t particularly harrowing if the doctor recalled correctly. In fact two of the cases remained unsolved. But maybe, it would be nice to have them see the light of day after all this time.
Cautiously, John leaned to his right, ready to react if warranted. However the other man kept perfectly still as the doctor reached over for the lamp on the side table, fumbling for the thin strand of the pull chain.
It felt a little like shaking hands with doom. And the feeling didn’t dissipate as John began to wind a meandering circuit round the party, stopping to converse here and there when he came across someone he knew. He couldn’t stop a periodic wander of his eyes while he chatted in an attempt to locate Sherlock. Despite Greg’s flat not being that all that large, John couldn’t spot his beloved numpty anywhere.
“Oh right. Yeah. Um…” John sat up. Even safely tucked away at Baker Street, he felt a sharp flux of adrenaline. The need to act, to follow, felt as natural as muscle memory. At a loss of what to say, he simply uttered. “I’d wish you luck but I know better.”
John pulled back a little, resting his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder as he pulled himself together.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the large darkened window just beyond him, the outside blacker then it should have been. Then again he wasn’t
was fed certain bits of information to give him what he thought was ammunition against me months before his trial.”
His mum had taught him the key to a perfectly caramelized onion was commitment. You couldn’t just drop them in and walk away; you had to have time, dedication, and above all—the right thing to pair them with. Whether that be a quality Italian sausage and some peppers, or in John’s case this evening…a pile of pierogis.
. A good old fashioned philia always makes things more exciting. Pair it with a locked room and with any luck a body and you’ve have my attention.”
“Now, unless you’re actually prepared to check in, if you’d be so kind as to take yourself and your incontinent dog and
John squared his jaw, immediately regretting moving it as hot pain shot through the bone. “I’ve been busy.”
John watched on, perplexity replacing apprehension as Mycroft leaned and dug a hand into the pocket of his grey tailored trousers. From it he drew out a mobile phone and placed it on the tan leather seat between them. After depositing the device, Mycroft laced his fingers on his thigh, appraising John as the doctor inspected it dubiously.
Before the silence around him became too weighty, John got to straightening up. He binned the take-away containers and brought the empty beer bottles outside for recycling, finding himself moving at a relaxed pace. He felt a refreshing sense of ease about him.
Mainly, John’s mind kept circling back to their roleplay. While the premise was perhaps their raunchiest to date (
Glancing around, it took the DI a minute to spot the CCTV camera pointed at him across the street, nearly hidden in the shadows of a building where it was attached to the corner of another.
Despite it now slowly cutting off of the circulation at his wrists and jamming up into his armpits whenever John raised his arms above waist level, it was completely worth it for tonight’s purposes.
. But more importantly, the person she’s been staring at since we’ve arrived. And I’d hazard to say long before that.”
“Uh…yes, yes everything’s great, thanks.” He answered absently after a breathy gasp, quickly shifting his gaze up to her. John gave her a polite smile. “Maybe some more water.”
Like a magician pulling a rabbit from his hat, Sherlock reached into the deep confines of his coat and produced a long dark bottle of liquor and handed it off to John. Perplexed, the doctor turned the bottle around in his hand. His mouth fell open as the label came into view:
He stared at her, eyebrows knitted and mouth lightly agape like Sarah had just told him the clinic was going to be converted into a shopping center and they were all expected to remain employed there.
Sherlock unclenched his eyes to find a crown of askew blond hair mere centimeters away. Near enough to smell the faint scent of John’s shampoo and the heady saltiness of sleep. He could feel John gently quaking, but noted how motionless his back was, no rise or fall of—
“No.” John raised a hand to rub at the back of his neck. “It was uh…a private one. Private client.” Eager to shift the focus before Greg asked any more questions he frankly didn’t want to answer, John stood up, gathering his plate and mug with him. “So, word from the front says there’s a roast incoming, interested?”
“And here I’d thought by now you were rather used to working with clowns.” Sherlock remarked, and John was a millisecond away from quietly reminding him that he wasn’t at a crime scene but in a police officer’s home
In a stroke of pure brilliance and the desperation born of hunger, John had stopped him after the eighth or so rejection and inquired if he could send a text. He then proceeded to snap a photo of the shelves and sent it off to the number Sherlock was calling from.
As he glared at it, John’s voice grew ever indistinct like a fading dream. He didn’t hear the doctor’s last words so much as he felt their pull. Much like he felt the pull of the heroin still sitting pleasantly nearby. How much more apparent it was now that he was outside his head and in the reality of his situation.
Once your egg is all in there stop stirring and REMOVE the pot from the burner and set it aside, preferably covered and
John shifted in his seat and tried to refocus. Granted he wasn’t exactly in any rush to complete this or anything else for that matter. The only thing on tap today was lunch with Mrs. Hudson and that wouldn’t be happening till at least noon.
Clearing his throat briskly, John tore his eyes away and made to sit down on the arm of a nearby loveseat. “Erm, do you mind?” He inquired to a younger woman with a caramel colored pixie cut and button nose, who was sitting directly next to the armrest. She was quick to scoot over enough to give him room, flashing John a welcoming smile.
“I mean with that.” John sighed again, motioning to the side table by his own armchair. Where usually there sat a dreadful paperback or that morning’s paper was the small bag of powder. Sherlock eyes widened at its sudden presence, entranced for a moment by firelight shining gold and splendid on the plastic surface. His mouth opened then shut, any semblance of a reply lost before it even had a chance to form.
…is that so?” John gasped in theatrical wonder, carefully balancing his basket on the narrow edge of a produce crate with his thigh so he could inspect a carton of mushrooms. “You’ll have to forgive me then; I didn’t realize I’d been supplying you with
“Only if it isn’t a hassle. Heavens knows I ask so much from you already.” Mrs. Hudson cooed, patting a warm hand at John’s chilly cheek. “I’ve spoken to Marie by the way and she’s offered her place till this whole thing gets sorted out. That extends to you too of course.”
Greg shrugged. “The guy I’ve got is a brother of one of my sergeants. Plus Hill’s been pretty good about the whole thing. Probably because I’m giving her the bloody house.”
Anderson and Lucy lingered in the hall entry for a moment or two, quietly speaking to each other before joining the rest of the party, one bloke giving the forensic pathologist a congratulatory clap on the arm, making Philip tense up and then laugh.
. It ended up with a beautifully prepared plate of baked ziti dumped on his head (a first) and Sherlock blinking away a slapped cheek (not a first) before plucking a bit of cheesy pasta from John’s shoulder and eating it.
After parting ways with Lestrade, John made his way back to Baker Street in a cab, more than thankful to find Mrs. Hudson was out for the afternoon. He didn’t feel up yet to crafting an excuse as to what happened to his face.
Harry never developed a taste for the culinary like he did. She’d flit in and out while they cooked, sniping a cherry tomato or slice of mushroom over John’s shoulder. Usually just before snickering in his ear how
As he marked his third location, driving a clear-headed pin in the general vicinity of Spain John realized he was missing a key component. Something to indicate the actual
A dull thud came from above, like something heavy enough to be heard through the ceiling was dropped, followed by the muffled sound of cheering and laughter.
John’s brows bounced at the memory. “How could I forget?” It had been a decidedly simple case in the end, simple with Sherlock involved that was. Perhaps a five and a half at best.
“Night.” As he heard the beep of the call disconnecting, John pulled the phone away, warm with use and looked at it for a second or two. The call screen had gone red, still depicting the number while the call time of a little over twelve minutes flashed below it. In a blink it went back to the home screen and then went dark.
The scissors clicked snuggly back into their slot and John found himself looking at what was most definitely movement. A spiral in fact, uncurling outwards from France.
John knitted his brow, about the only thing that didn’t hurt as he stood up. “Go?” His foggy brain noting that the DI was wearing his trench coat as if he was about to leave.
John had subsequently turned off the comments on his blog and was seriously contemplating shutting off his phone for the foreseeable future. Not that mattered; they were calling the landline too.
“Cheers.” Sherlock replied with him a curt smile. He accepted Greg’s hand a moment or two later after John gave him a subtle nudge in the side with his elbow.
Just then there was another merry whoop followed by the chorus of ringing glasses and bottles, signaling another kiss under the mistletoe. This time it was two female guests, one kissing the other playfully on the cheek as they were returning from the bathroom. The doctor grinned a little around the rim of his cup when a few of the guest’s made frankly suggestive howls.
He could hear the excitement in Sherlock’s voice, slightly breathy as he must have been on the move. “I’ll speak to you again when I can.”
Spotting whatever it was he’d been searching for, Sherlock’s eyes flared in triumph. His regard shifted back to John then, catching his small, complacent smile. John felt long fingers slide over his hand at his side, curling softly around the underside of his wrist while Sherlock’s broad thumb swept across the top. A mimic of what he’d been doing to Sherlock earlier.
Sherlock scolded himself, turning his sights to the small green processing bar slowly filling towards his freedom from this exhausting mission. He still had Gage to contend with, but that would come at another time. Tonight, was the end for Nicolas Dufort. He would see to that.
Get yourself a big spoon, turn the heat down on your pan (round 4 or 5) we want it hot but not boiling. With your spoon start stirring in one direction, pretty quickly and with the other hand begin pouring your egg into the broth (this is where having a cup with a spout is bloody handy).
It undoubtedly had been. And while Charlie was understandably disappointed for having lost so amazingly, he’d been a good sport when John came round to collect his winnings. Fishing two twenty pound notes from his wallet under the barely contained laughter of his workmates.
But to deny him access to an entire country and with it the chance to eliminate another filament in Moriarty’s web just because of his past…
) breath of mundane when the rest of his life revolved around the wonderful chaos that was, well, Sherlock Holmes.
“Widower.” John took another nip and set his glass aside, feeling a pleasant level of tipsiness. He’d have to lay off his sleeping meds tonight, but falling asleep on his own shouldn’t be an issue.
And here's this chapter's full code: - .... . / .... . .- .-. - / .... .- ... / .- / -- .. -. -.. / --- ..-. / .. - ... / --- .-- -.
“So? I helped the owner a while back with a troubling matter of an ex-employee knicking liquor and marking them down as broken during shipments.”
,” Sherlock harrumphed, though the broad thumb sweeping over the upper notches of John’s spine subsequently ruined the attempt to persecute him.
John nibbled on the cap of his biro, his teeth gently digging into the plastic. He didn’t know anyone from Berlin. He
You want to get your broth up to a nice bubble, maybe turn the heat up to medium high. And let the stuff in there meld a bit. About
Sherlock had rolled away in his sleep and John had done the same, putting his back and enough distance between them before going any further meant falling off the bed. The very last thing he remembered was the sound of gentle snoring behind him.
“I’ve begun running tests on it using varying grades and types of acid.” Sherlock’s voice started a little horse, but refined as he went on. “I’ve been meaning to document the solubility of synthetic fibers, but hadn’t brought myself yet to buying something containing that much
John considered his hands where they picked idly at one another in his lap, his expression growing wistful. “It’s New Year’s Day Sherlock. My first one with you gone. What do you think I’m doing right now?”
“Yeah, having a nice punch-up!” Greg hollered, his ire deflating as two officers walked passed, eying them both. The DI sighed heavily, slapping a large bag at John’s chest which the doctor instinctively clenched at.
“All in good time John.” Sherlock murmured warmly as he gave his wrist a reassuring squeeze. As he went to sweep away, John managed to catch Sherlock by the cuff of his suit jacket.
John had a certain gracefulness about him when he cooked that he didn’t exhibit in his normal day to day. Not to say the man was stiff, more like
It wasn’t the first time Sherlock had vanished suddenly and without a smidgen of context. Remaining completely out of contact with anyone only to return days later (or the one time after a week and a half. John had threatened to move out for that) without so much as a sorry and generally with little to no explanation.
. He—” John caught himself, tamping down his indignation before he slipped up. After a shaky breath he squared his shoulders, speaking low and bitten. “If you seriously expect after the hell I went through to just
“Please, Sherlock—oh god, I—I need—” John ground himself feverishly on Sherlock’s stomach in a bid for more friction, feeling himself charging towards the edge of release. He let out another bright keen when the hand at the back of his neck was snaked between them and dexterous fingers wrapped around his aching length. Any previous reservations John had about staying quiet shattered as he tried to hold out against the onslaught of new sensation, succeeding a few stuttering plunges into the solid grip before he was coming, spurting over Sherlock’s fist.
“Cor, he’s practically slathering over her. A cup or two more and as soon as she makes it for the loo he’s going to pounce.” The doctor reasoned.
And because, god help you, you love this brilliant, mucus-filled numpty to pieces, you’ll do just about anything to keep him from expiring in your sitting room despite his every effort to do just that.
No amount of adjusting though prepared him for the bracing chill that swept over his body as he threw back the covers. John tended to generate a lot of heat in his sleep, much to the delight of many of his bed partners. His usual sleepwear of choice was a thin t-shirt and a pair of boxers. All well and good if the bed’s outside temperature matched its inside. Now it felt like every hair on John’s body was standing painfully on end.
John nodded with slow, if not hesitant recognition, catching a mildly puzzled look from Mary for it. “Oh it’s a great facility.” He assured her.  “The staff’s surprisingly…tolerant.” Though anyone would have to be when treating a walking talking encyclopedia of insults with a mild concussion. And that was on two separate occasions. Oh and how could John forget the sprained pinky and that poor attending physician? John had attempted to apologize as the man fled the examination room blinking back tears but when the
Greg had been acquainted with Sherlock far longer than he ever had. Knew him through what John could only assume were rougher times. Drugs. Rehab. Possible relapses. A whole stretch of Sherlock’s life John was never privy to. But then again maybe the detective had never intended him
None of this made sense. And the more John analyzed the pieces, the more the puzzle seemed to grow. Stretching out in frustrating angles.
Keen to stay away from Baker Street, he’d been pouring himself into work again and then pouring himself into a glass tumbler at night. Anything to make the days pass quickly. To get as far away from June as he could.
eating. Maybe not as much as he use to—his appetite lately was flighty but, it wasn’t like he was starving.
.” She finished bitterly. At seeing the honest concern on John’s face, her frustration melted away and Mary shot him a tight smile, seeming embarrassed at her own outburst.
Reluctantly he peeled a chilled hand from around the tall clear glass of amber liquid to fetch it. There was no need to guess whom the incoming message was from, though the text he found waiting in his inbox filled the detective with the same pleasure his first sip of tea did.
He wasn’t too sure what he would do in the interim. The idea of wandering around a convention center alone sounded terrible and John wasn’t planning on doing any networking. He supposed he could sit in on a few talks himself. Maybe wander around town. He’d be leaving early Sunday morning.
“Eh, maybe not the lap kind…” John spied an unoccupied self-service kiosk and claimed it; beginning his order with a tap at the large green start button. “Though, you do preen more than any bloke I’ve ever met. All those hair products and oils and washes. I think you spent more money on toiletries in a month then I did on rent at the flat.”
While the lack of food or liquid in Henry’s stomach was intriguing, it was the signs of excessive dry skin and sunburn on the man’s hands that caught Sherlock’s interest. Upon requesting a second set of tests run on Mr. Andrew’s hands, the pieces began to fall into place.
Whether it was a balmy palming at his balls, followed by a delicate pull or two. Or the occasional grope of lips along the underside of his straining shaft, the sweep of a tongue at the head. The only thing Sherlock didn’t engage with was John’s prostate. At least not touching it directly within. That didn’t stop Sherlock from kneading a thumb into his perineum now and again, making John writhe.
Mycroft’s ears perked and his pulse lurched. Cautiously he pushed on the edge of the metal lid, popping it open to be greeted by the aroma of fine dry leaves, earthy and rich and the edge of something pale peeking out near the hinge. Upon opening the can fully, he found a crude square of paper fitted into the underside of the lid.
Crossing the room, the doctor opened the left door to find a more than adequate closet where he hung up his coat. He then tried the other door and carefully turned the knob, peaking through the crack to find darkness on the other side. Opening it fully he discovered a small broom closet with another similar door at the other end. Resting against one wall was an ironing board with an iron hanging next to it; several shelves lined either side containing extra pillows, blankets, and sheets. John wondered briefly if he had a neighbor. If there was one, he couldn’t hear them from where he was standing.
“What time s’it by you?” He asked with a grunt, plopping down in his chair while managing to stabilize his drink even in his
It was hunger that ended up hauling John from the bed, deciding his best course of action was to take a shower and pop downstairs to the tavern for a cup of coffee. He didn’t expect the caffeine would give him any insight into this complete arsebucket of a situation, but he’d at least have a clearer head and something in his stomach.
Grunting against the detective’s near dead weight, John wrapped an arm around his waist and ducked under Sherlock’s arm, baring it on his shoulders as he manhandled him towards the bed. “
“You’re not hallucinating.” He refuted with a wry smoothness; seemingly reading John’s thought process from the range of expressions twisting over the man’s face. Bewilderment to confusion to realization, then shifting into something uninterpretable but raw that made the detective’s amusement falter. He averted his gaze to John’s constricted bicep, watching the minute flexing in the curve of muscle.
Sadly it left him open as BLMA crumbled to the ground with a wheeze for LMA to regain himself, springing sloppily from the ground and bulrushing John backwards into the bar. As they both reeled from the impact, LMA used the advantage to pull back and deck him in the face twice before John could react.
He went about the remainder of his evening routine before padding into the main room and drawing back the ridiculously bloated duvet and sliding into what turned out to be an equally ridiculously comfortable bed.
Greg startled a little as a bottle neck was tapped against his arm. He’d been still mulling over the flat when John had approached him. Accepting the drink, the DI nodded in slow appreciation. “The place looks...” He stalled, taking a swig of beer, eying the room again.
“Good.” She handed him an extra napkin before poring him another spot of tea. When John was done blotting and blowing and snuffling she handed him the cup, which he gladly accepted. He sipped at it, almost melting into the comforting heat. He was sure he looked a right mess. Eyes pinked; cheeks blotchy enough that the rosiness made the bruises look even harsher.
“Nope.” The DI shouted over his shoulder, shoving an entry door open and a cold early March chill swept in.
? John licked over his bottom lip, glancing to his left and right to see the section was thankfully,
A harsh clanking tore Sherlock from his recollection. No longer in the muted sun and open air of the racecourse, he looked to the radiator as it began to hiss and thrum. A fierce shiver ran through him and he twisted towards it, inching his toes closer as gorgeous warmth began emanating from the expanding metal into his shins.
Setting the tin down, Mycroft plucked it out and unfolded it. The murky colored paper being enclosed for so long had taken on the smell of the tea below it, the scent wafting pleasingly as Mycroft read the brief message within:
“There’s something…beautiful about compounds.” Mahir had remarked thoughtfully at the winding down of their dinner, swirling the last remnants of wine in his glass before downing it. “Especially when it comes to human chemistry.”
Never before had Sherlock wanted to tear the zygomaticus from his face as he did after his first shift here. It was small price to pay. If tonight went as planned, he’d never have to see this place again. Or smile again, if he had anything to do with it.
As expected, the man scoffed again, jerking his head towards the door to the bar. “Sod off short stuff, mind your own business.”
Sherlock pressed a tender kiss to his forehead, pulling John closer to him and John drifted off with a giddy smile on his face. He might have dreamt fleetingly of trees and underbrush dusted in recently fallen snow. Of a deep, rhythmic thud of hoof-falls nearby.
Sitting by the fire in his chair, John stared at the foggy windows of the sitting room, forbidding himself to look down at the chair across from him. He felt that if he looked down, the old year would dissolve away and right now he could make believe—just a bit longer—that circumstances were different.
This though...was an offbeat premise, even for them. Although John couldn’t complain about the slow, partially open-mouthed kisses currently happening along his jaw and under his ear. Not to mention the way Sherlock smelled like a luscious blend of musk and something indefinably
Keeping his fortitude, the doctor placed the phone down nearby his wireless mouse and ignored it. It buzzed only once more before going silent.
No, John hadn’t planned to take Sherlock up on his offer, at least beyond a few nights. Nor had he planned on continuing to sleep there a whopping four weeks later and to the heartbreaking discovery of his landlady.
as the doctor liked to call it. Sherlock had adored good Indian cuisine and the only restaurant he deemed of quality didn’t deliver to their neck of the woods.
There were a handful things in this world that John Watson did not piss about with, and one of them was a quality brandy. Full stop.
John let the door slip through his fingers as they entered the drafty entryway, careful as it came to rest that the door didn’t dislodge the wood. The low hum of Christmas music—something poppy and synthesized—funneled down from a long, narrow flight of stairs that banked off to the right.
“Listen. I don’t know who the hell you are but if this is someone from the papers I’ve got a statement for you…fuck off!” He’d ended the call and found he was practically panting, face flushed far more than from just the chill in the air. John managed to pull himself together and continue on home, shutting his mobile off for the day.
“By Mycroft…” John interjected, his brow furrowing down the middle as he put two and two together, even if it
brightly, causing the hairs on the back of Sherlock’s neck to rise. Keen eyes watched intently as the down indicator above it lit up. As the metal doors spread, two women exited, laughing to one another as they headed towards the bar.
John cupped a palm to his forehead, squeezing at his temples. "This is unbelievable—no. No. Actually this is
It was probably just a ploy to get him in for more sessions. Which was ironic because that was the last one John went to.
Pulling open the medicine cupboard, John plucked out the small bottle of Paracetamol and palmed off the cap, downing two with a handful of water from the faucet.
“Well Collins here doesn’t believe me about how you and Sherlock solved it, in spite of me telling him I was sodding there.” Greg motioned with his beer bottle to the man sitting to his right on a long black leather couch.
“Yes but it’s certainly an answer.” Sherlock countered, his interest peaking. Oh there was no finer apple then one Mycroft couldn’t reach, let alone get to eat. Not that he ever would. Sherlock honestly couldn’t recall the last time he witnessed his brother consume a piece of fruit not attached to a pastry. “What else do you have on him?”
. I'm still kicking around if this story falls within the same universe. But I think it just might. ;) I'm currently working on the next chapter of that. Can't give a definite update date but...muse willing, it should be in the near future.
The hearthrug was fire-warmed and soft against his back as John fell backward onto it, hands coming to rest above his head. He raised himself up so Sherlock could ruck his trousers and pants down as one, the semi-hard curve of John’s cock gently bobbing up as they were eased passed his hips.
Upon exiting the bathroom, the doctor was pleasantly surprised at the waft of brewing coffee as he stepped into the hall.
Twisting round, Sherlock quickly scanned the cubbies and grabbed a rather impressive stiletto, brandishing its four inch metal heel. John nodded, readying his gun before they burst from their hiding spot…
For a moment John considered telling him everything. Every messy bit. The non-stop work, the non-existent sleep. The non-existent
As he blinked the sleep from his eyes and rolled over onto his back, John groaned at the dull ache from where he had collided with the bar—that was bruised for sure. Wincing from that made him aware of his face, which was probably seven shades of awful based on how painful emoting was alone.
Martha gave his fist another tight squash. “He was a different man before he met you John. Well, you remember…” She chortled, snuffling noisily then scolding herself. “
Not when the stakes were so high, with so much to do and only he and his brother’s limited help to do it. Meanwhile Moriarty’s influence spread across Europe like a shadow, constantly moving and reworking itself, growing bigger and bigger. So many pawns to track and take down and all Sherlock could do right now was think of—Well, perhaps not
Laid out before him was an assortment of silver and porcelain serving dishes, covered. To the left of his plate was a half drunk cup of tea, to the right an opened manila folder containing several documents written in Japanese and a handful of black and white surveillance photos. The top most depicted a sharply dressed young woman getting into a private car from across a busy intersection.
John settled between the two pillows with a sigh, arms at his sides once more and his fingers slightly spread, absently massaging the short worn fibers of the carpet. The area directly around the hearth felt like its own contained environment. Quiet save for the crackle of the fire in the grate, the occasional hiss of a car passing outside on the wet street, dampened by the curtains.
Sure they’d made regular contact. The very first was a handshake ages ago, then accidentally—fingers brushing as things passed between them: phones, mugs, evidence. Grabbing John by the arm or the shoulders to drag him out of danger or pull him towards it.
Sherlock might have prided himself on acting like a sociopath. On using it as a shield, or as an excuse to cut corners or because that’s what people expected of him, or any combination of reasons John had theorized over the course of their relationship. But Sherlock was still a human being. Still
John laughed, albeit a touch begrudgingly. He couldn’t argue with that. And to be honest he was enjoying himself immensely.
“Ho, Ho! You better be careful Lestrade…I might steal this one out from under you.” Collin’s mustache spread wide around his grin.
“Sure you can. That burner you’ve got in your pocket’s good for at least four more hours.” He contested, shifting in Sherlock’s chair, the leather creaking under his movement. “Plenty of time.” John added with a smirk.
“Yeah? And how would you know? You’ve never been.” John was unwilling to admit that of course Sherlock knew
“It’s that damn furnace again!” Martha placed the carafe back on its hotplate a little too sharply. “Excuse me dear.” She sighed a beat later; suddenly embarrassed by her outburst. She came round, knowingly ignoring the sugar and jug of milk sitting on the kitchen table and handed the coffee straight to him.
Funny story time! When I made the choice to include Dimmock, I hadn't realized he'd never been given a first name by Mofftiss. He's just known as Dimmock. My searching brought up a lot of suggested names from fans and I personally dug Charlie. So he's now Charlie.
He could just imagine Sherlock staring right back at him, one eyebrow creeping up in vindication. A veritable challenge to say he was wrong.
It hadn’t slipped John’s mind during the last two and a half months that eventually, he would have to actively uphold the ruse in some way, shape, or form. There was no other way around it if it was a means to keep Sherlock’s secret…something which John hadn’t been trusted to do in the bloody first place!
Then again any sensible person wouldn’t follow a whirlwind of a man who kept human parts in his fridge and solved crimes. Sometimes those two things actually pertained to one another.
Opening his toiletry case John plucked out his toothbrush, his sights catching the hint of orange tucked away inside. He dug out a prescription bottle, tipping it gently so the pills inside rattled softly against each other.
Sherlock chewed with a short, thoughtful hum, licking a swatch of oil and salt from the corner of his mouth. “Five seconds then.” He announced and went in for another crisp.
Something clinched in John’s chest at the scent and he took in a slow stretching inhale against the tightness, his free hand gripping the rim of the box. As the ache passed he began to gently sift around through folders and notebooks, wafts of dust dancing in his torch's beam.
Ah, that made a bit more sense. Upon trying to reply, John’s vocal cords felt coated in fresh tarmac. “
have a certain comicality to it; indulging in one harmful habit to stave off engaging in another. Funnier still was how simply getting high felt like the lesser of two evils.
John gave an amused frown behind his napkin, wiping a splotch of pesto from the corner of his mouth. “Is that really a chargeable crime?”
or so, however long it takes for you to notice a marginal thickening to the broth. It’s not going to be super thick but you’ll be able to tell the difference after a bit.
name I think.” He said after a small pause, swirling the eggnog around before downing the rest of it in one gulp. He handed the empty glass back to John who took it with sigh.
What didn’t help was during his time in Cologne, the family John lodged with had a son his age that knew near impeccable English. And with having what amounted to a tall, blond,
actually dead and all this activity was the work of a special ops team trained in the man’s methods. Granted that was a far cry better than the small and thankfully
“Alright! Alright!” The detective whispered harshly. It was then John realized Sherlock was purposely keeping his voice down. He also became aware by the lack of background noises to distinguish the man’s location. No voices or the passing of cars or the gush of wind. Sherlock could have been curled up in a ruddy closet for all it sounded like.
“Shall I ready a car for the night sir?” Asked his assistant, coming in and closing the door behind him.
“John! How are you dear?” Mrs. Hudson lit up as she opened her front door to find the doctor standing in the hall, shifting from one foot to the other. He gave her a warm albeit tight smile. Surprisingly the phrase ‘getting by’ didn’t even cross his mind.
Well I hope you guys enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed writing it. I know it took ages and ended up being longer then I planned but, let's just say I was about as smitten as John was with the idea.
“Son of a…” Lestrade quickly rose to his feet, cupping his hands on either side of his mouth and hooted.
John thought he heard Sherlock grumble that they’d just have kept it down in C, which he rightfully made no comment to, adding the chicken back into the pan and dousing it with the surrounding sauce.
Sherlock only blinked once slowly and closed his mouth, casting his eyes away from the doctor’s burning gaze to somewhere lower along his features.
“Or an invitation…depending on how you look at it.” He added, the edges of his eyes crinkling as he gave John nothing short of a smarmy grin.
understand your concern Gregory. So might I suggest we keep a closer eye on him?” The other man soothed. “In our own ways.”
He supposed in a way, it could be safer talking here then back at Baker Street with Mrs. Hudson in possible earshot. As it were, anyone catching a bit of John’s conversation now had no context. He could be talking to anyone. He just had to be mindful to not refer to Sherlock by name.
“A terrible man who just gave you very good brandy!” The detective’s voice drifted downward, the echo of his footfalls growing softer with distance and the smile in John’s eyes spread to his lips.
“Don’t confuse my delay for disinterest.” He continued, managing to rein himself in with a poise John had seen utilized countless times when Sherlock deemed it necessary to playact. As instantaneous as a flick of a switch. “As I already said, I conduct things differently…”
Both men laughed at that, the noise slowly dying off before the flat was filled with silence once more. “You hungry?” John asked abruptly, compelled into action and sliding a coaster across the coffee table before setting his beer down.
Days became weeks, weeks became months, and John packed up his hope as he packed up most of Sherlock’s things to put into storage. With every box he filled it sank in just a little deeper, just a little more into the void.
“No I understand. And I’d like to hear about it...sometime.” John trailed off awkwardly, faced with another subject he hadn’t inquired about as of yet. The
John had looked decidedly bewildered from the mug to the detective before fumbling through a thank you. Sherlock had waved it away as he looped his scarf round his neck, remarking that it was his Boxing Day gift to him. John had smiled at that, his mood lightening as they parted ways, even making a wisecrack about not getting Sherlock anything half as nice.
“Well—” Clair began; fortunately for John completely unaware of the one-sided conversation she’d been apparently having with him for who knew how long. “I could try to fit Mr. Reese in sometime this week so you can discuss his test results…but the schedule’s pretty tight.” She sighed, reaching over and tapping a few keys on her computer to pull up the appointment log.
John smiled to himself again, feeling an amusing nostalgia as he dropped another nutshell on the stack he was building besides his glass. Seven so far without tipping. His current record was eleven.
Giving her another thanks and a peck on the chin, John practically flew up the stairs back to the flat; filled with a vibrant sort of energy he hadn’t felt in weeks.
, working from it his identification and a standard airline indorsed credit card. One designed to earn you flight points with charges.
With a defeated sigh the doctor let his gaze wander from the phone, first to his old lumpy chair then to Sherlock’s where it was shrouded in shadow. At least he could look at it now without feeling the bottom drop out of his stomach.
I purposely left it ambiguous if Sherlock did or didn't use while he was in Turkey because I wanted the reader to decide. Do you think he strayed? Do you think John's influence was enough to keep him straight?
large sums of money, along with a guaranteed nod for a Senior Minister position as he was currently a Junior. One with his ear firmly pressed to the ground of the Élysée Palace, the hub of the French government.
Sherlock gave another hum, this one more like rumble of disbelief. “I should probably ring off myself. This past project was more—
His mind began to reel, churning with possibilities faster than he could cast them aside. For instance there was nothing stopping either man from sneaking out via a fire exit. Though all of those doors had blaring alarms on them when opened, they were only audible within earshot. Useless to him here.
by it was more accurate. She was clinging to the molding as Sherlock had described, her head popped out a little farther then her body. The expression on her heart-shaped face seemed troubled to John as she watched over the party’s proceedings.
?’ but held it back for further assessment. He regarded the tray the landlady had brought up again; specifically the two wrapped bundles and recognized after
John looked around the confines of the car, discovering they were essentially now alone. It hadn’t struck him until just then what a rare occurrence this really was. Any time previously that John was summoned into Mycroft’s presence, it had been through one of his PAs. Mainly Anthea—or whatever her actual name was. Really the only other times he’d seen the man travel personally was to pay a visit to Sherlock.
John grinned lopsidedly, feeling a light flush along his cheeks that he blamed on the wine. “I think that’s the first time you’ve ever complemented my writing.” Ignoring the fact it was technically a backhanded compliment.
The strike was swift. Precise. The second knuckle of John’s right fist impacting the corner of Sherlock’s mouth into his teeth, sending the detective’s head rolling to the left along with it.
At a loss for a reply, John stared at the head rest just ahead of him, his hands clenched in his lap. Christ, he wasn’t actually considering this was he? What good would it do? There was so much scar tissue, so much mire surrounding his relationship with Sherlock now that how could accepting be anything but welcoming disaster?
He thought a lot. Couldn’t help it really. Even after two days John still felt like he was reeling. So many questions raised only to birth more questions. All without viable answers. And despite how furious he was with Sherlock, there was an emergent twang of regret at turning the detective away.
Sherlock hugged his knees tighter under his coat as he felt his body begin to tremble, turtling himself as deeply as he could inside.
, left behind in her haste to leave. Desperate to solidify her perceived innocence, Mrs. Andrew sped back to her home only to find her cherished husband still alive. Though barely. He was already in the late stages of cyanide poisoning as John mentioned. Which was about the time she decided to expedite the process by throttling him with a tea towel.
“Look at you…so hard and leaking.” He distantly heard Sherlock purr after releasing his nipple, flushed and glistening. John had a half second of reprieve before he felt the pad of the finger inside him circle inward and press lightly against his prostate.
There was a chuckle at his side and the detective glanced over to see Mahir smiling to himself before regarding him again, something amiable now in his attitude.
.” John said through another yawn. “I’m fine.” Though that was a bit of a fib. The combination of reclining, the medicine coursing throughout his system, and the detective’s lowered voice was doing nothing to help the doctor stay awake.
John couldn’t help but laugh into the flesh of his palms at the thought, drawing his hands down until his fingers were pressed against his lips. Nostalgia brilliant but painful flared beneath his ribs.
Rising from his chair, Sherlock left the paper in it and slung his messenger bag over his shoulder. He’d have a little over two hours to go over the intel he’d received that morning from one of Mycroft’s cronies. A list of the biggest fish in the pond of his next destination.
. Fuck I thought you looked familiar when I sat down.” He elbowed his buddy then nodded to himself with pride like he’d won for something beyond having eyeballs.
Perhaps the most striking difference lay in their attitudes. While both men carried themselves with the self-assurance of someone able to handle a dire situation at the drop of a hat, John’s
Sherlock fixated on the corner of the room directly in front of him. Mentally picking at the seam-lines where the once neutral paint was cracking around a stress fracture, branching its way out across each adjoining wall. He could almost feel the edges of paint slipping underneath his fingernails, a sharp stab into the soft meat beneath before the satisfying
“One makes do.” Sherlock—or rather “Benoît” according to his shiny name tag offered stuffily in perfect French. He’d chosen Versailles for his native dialect. Seemed appropriate for the persona: eager, arse-kisser, well groomed, five years’ experience in the hospitality industry, multi-lingual, night shifts only, available to work
It made him angry. He was passed this wasn’t he? This irrational unease at nothing. So what, so he imagined Sherlock. He
.” John snarked lightly. He grabbed the receipt as it spat out of the machine, tossing it in one of two bags and loaded them both up into his right hand.
At the very least it gave the doctor some small insight into what was going on in that vast and intricate brain of—
.” John let out in a decompressing gush, willing his pulse to settle as he turned himself round. Not only had Sherlock prowled up behind him on his hands and knees, but he was once again wearing the stuffed antlers.
“Just wondering why you’re still in those.” John covered with a lopsided smirk, lacing his hands behind his head and nodding at Sherlock’s slacks. “You’re not having second thoughts about deflowering me in my time of need are you?” He caught the tip of his tongue between his teeth and gave a saucy wiggle of his hips and a come-hither bounce of his eyebrows. It had the desired effect of wobbling certain interested parts.
Admittedly, it did prove to be a bit of a welcomed distraction; in the past hour Sherlock had devised at least a dozen tests to run on the puckering mattress alone. Dubious secretions notwithstanding, the bed was also farthest away from the room’s only heat source, a haggard radiator he’d moved the chair up to as close as he’d dared.
John wandered the starkly lit Tesco, drifting from isle to isle, passing row upon row of neatly arranged boxes, cans, and bags in the hope of inspiring some ideas for tonight’s dinner. Though at the moment, the only items in the doctor’s basket were a loaf of bread and a box of his favorite custard cream biscuits. And regardless of social acceptances, toast and biscuits did
to be angry at everyone. Ella, most of Met, the bloody British Government, the brutal media. Anyone really except for Molly and Mrs. Hudson. They were grieving too after all. So John kept his distance as much as he could. The less exposure they had to his nearly non-existent fuse the better. For them he simply playacted. ‘Getting by’ became his persona:
.” John squared himself, seeming to grow several sizes bigger out of nowhere as he got to his feet. Summoning something that made his spine feel electric, fists clenching at his sides as he tried to discharge the currents, daring the other man with his eyes to take a swing at him so John could make him eat lightning.
Something shrill thrummed along John’s insides, like a cord running vertically from his guts to his chest was plucked. It was an abrupt feeling, one that usually kicked off a fight or flight response. He’d become quite acquainted to it on a number of occasions for a number of reasons. Whether it was a sudden rifle fire outside of camp or Sherlock blowing something up in the kitchen.
Sherlock cried out and John felt a familiar stiffening followed by a burst of heat inside him. He pulled Sherlock closer in his arms, cradling him as he shuddered and pulsed. John whispered into his ear:
The doctor hushed him as he twisted around against Sherlock for better leverage before lobbing the detective down onto the mattress. The iron headboard clanged sharply against the wall as he hit, Sherlock’s limbs falling akimbo as John unceremoniously grabbed one outstretched leg and began pushing up the cuff of the cargos to reveal Sherlock’s boot.
And not of the anonymous kind. Friends and media alike. People were suddenly reminded he existed and with the intrusive questions also came the backlash. Sherlock was still a villain after all. And they told him so. Over and over again.
He had lost track of Gage following the Dufort fiasco and judging by the state of decomposition, Thomas must have died relatively soon after.
John’s sleep hadn’t improved. But that was nothing new. He was nonetheless seriously considering getting a prescription for a sleep aid. Something he could ween the dosage down from when he’d gotten more regulated.
He all but glanced at it for a minute or two before spending the majority of his flight replaying John’s voice in his head.
An inhale wavered through his nose and John looked away hastily, lifting his glass to his lips with tense fingers, his exhale amplified in the tumbler.
against the page, making a small indented mark. This was an utter waste of time, wasn’t it? Hours devoted to what…making a
John let out a soft groan at the slick tip of a tongue coaxing its way in between his lips and flicking over his own. Sherlock’s gloved hand smoothed up his back to cup at the back of his neck, the leather warm and supple and sticking a little to the sweat forming on his skin.
He regarded it for a second before returning his attention back to his laptop, fingers poised to begin hen-pecking his narrative. John glanced over his notes trying to find his place when his mobile started going off again.
“I used to write. When I was younger.” John began, attempting to get the conversation rolling again. “Not a diary. I think the closest thing I have to that now is the
Sherlock and him being there together as a…whatever they were, felt more like a cherished prize then any bottle of (albeit very good) brandy.
.” Lestrade practically moaned as took his first bite of chicken tikka masala—a recommendation from the doctor along with a side of veggie samosa. He proceeded to greedily dig into it like buried treasure on a bed of basmati rice. John grinned; pleased he made the right choice as he dipped a chunk of naan bread into his lamb rogan josh.
He watched with baited breath as Mahir considered him, then the board, then his card, tapping the edge lightly on the railing. Feeling his novelty starting to slip, Sherlock went for broke and added with a practiced air of impassiveness while he stared off onto the track:
John watched unabashedly as Sherlock slid the dip-loaded end of the celery over the pink, wet bed of his tongue before clipping it in half with his teeth. He chewed leisurely and purposefully, his eyes alight, penetrating, and John felt the fissure of excitement in his gut spread.
Though, Sherlock was partially incorrect with his assessment. It wasn’t the concept of the stakeout that attracted John, not entirely at least. It was spending time with his friend.
He motioned to the bartender that he wanted another drink then turned his eyes to the old boxy standard definition television bolted to the wall. Tried to focus on it and nothing else. The goal tonight was to wind down not up.
You first want to pour about ¼ of your stock into a cup and set that off to the side. The rest gets poured into a small sauce pan. Set your range heat to medium (5 or 6) and let’er heat up.
. John was well aware by now that when it came to taking extreme measures, that man never shied away. It was one of the most magnificent and exasperating things about him. That being said, though John still felt it an unbelievably heartless thing to do—even for Sherlock, if he were given the choice of the detective actually being dead and just pretending to be, he’d pick the latter in a heartbeat.
John looked down at the bottle in his hand, gently rolling beads of condensation down its surface into the fabric of his jeans. “When I’m out there it’s not so bad.” He nodded up towards the street outside the window. “But when I come home…it’s
John licked his lips and kept his focus on the set. Coincidence. Just a coincidence. He hadn’t even heard the comment before it to spark the statement. It could have been anything about anyone. There was no need for alarm.
While his mind crafted a rather robust fire, nearly every aspect perfect from the snap of the wood to the scent of it charring, the flames themselves gave off little of the heat they would have realistically. That much was plain from the chill seeping into the tips of his ears and the blub of his nose. Sherlock scrunched his nostrils impulsively, feeling the delayed ache from nerves beginning to numb and burrowed his face further down into his high collar.
“Poor bugger…still, I suppose you did him a favor.” John sighed. In truth, he was more impressed that Sherlock hadn’t just cut Philip down completely from the get-go about his chances with Claudia. While John saw the merit in Sherlock’s desire to save people from being emotionally hurt, his methods were questionable. A brand of mercy that typically ranged from blunt to downright ruthless at times.
Somehow though Mrs. H made sense of it enough to respond. “Yes you can.” Her hand cupping round his tense neck, the pressure oddly soothing while the other rubbed along his curled back.
Mycroft chuckled loftily, reaching out to the curved handle of his brolly that sat beside his chair like a loyal dog. His fingers wrapped around it, thumb rubbing along the very tip. “I’d hoped you were beyond these…inclinations by now.” He sighed.
“Uh yeah—yeah sorry. I was just thinking…” He managed quickly, taking a long swig of wine. Well if things went completely to pot he could always blame it on the Marsala. He took a deep breath, formulating his words on the go.
“Why thank you.” John laughed softly, more than a little touched; though he did decide to let that ‘
Though he could still sense the lingering pull of fatigue. He’d be more than tempted to stretch out on the couch right now and doze if it wouldn’t completely muck up his sleep schedule. What little schedule he had.
“I’ve never seen such a fat raccoon move so fast.” John snorted, waiting for the mushrooms and shallots to cook down a little more along with some fresh minced garlic. “Then again, you charging at it like a lunatic with a woman’s shoe probably had something to do with it.”
of them.” The detective scoffed before catching himself. “Twenty three to be exact…” He added softer.
.” Tutted John, ignoring the small triumphant smirk spreading across Sherlock’s face. “You have to wear something festive though—” He muttered under his breath, looking around the surrounding area and spying a small inch of brown sticking up from an open cardboard box sitting with several other boxes on the coffee table.
Sherlock seemed to lose himself, his eyes fluttering closed, back arching gorgeously as he drove into John’s fist in measured little thrusts. John tried to match his pace, moaning softly as he felt Sherlock’s length hardening, the thick vein on the underside flooding with blood and heat. The sight of their glans packed together in the circle of his fingers, glossy in the firelight was intoxicating. He breathed a curse as he watched a fat bead of pre-come at Sherlock’s tip grow heavy enough that it rolled down and dripped onto his own.
Yet the lapse in rationality was enough for his pulse to elevate, for a sharp thrill to bob through the detective’s stomach like driving too quickly over a dip in the road.
Both men remained there quietly: Sherlock licking over his bottom lip, no doubt tasting the blooming tang of copper well before the sharp sting where his tongue met split flesh; John letting out another labored breath as his head fell backwards against the corner of the mattress, hands landing limply in his lap, having his own revelation. Shades of his nightmare seeping in.
Right then. If Sherlock had a narrative in his head, one where he shagged John silly on their sitting room floor in a pair of novelty reindeer horns, then by god that was going to happen!
…” He squelched, clearing his throat and tried for something less froggy. “Yeah. Ham’s great.” Curbing a wince from that stellar response, he flinched when there was damp folded linen suddenly edged into his peripheral.
like in some B-grade horror film. The doctor drew his hand away from his side, resolving to stash what was hiding in there in his locker for the rest of the day. Out of sight and with any luck, out of mind.
It worked up until John spotted a black blob creep into his peripheral as he made his way to the clinic one morning, the weather mild for mid July, the promise of rain thick in the air. He heard the purr of the car easing to a crawl to match his stride, tires crunching against loose gravel.
They went briskly down the steps and onto the pavement, Greg pausing at a street vendor and ordering two large coffees. “How’s that even possible?” John asked as he caught up, digging through the rest of the bag and pocketing his wallet and keys, tossing the plastic away in a nearby bin. He checked the battery on his phone, glancing at the notification bar.
Collins was portly fellow in his mid-forties, the first stages of male-pattern baldness peeking through his short chestnut hair and with a mildly worrying case of rosacea spreading up each side of his ample cheeks. John didn’t know him personally, other than he didn’t work in Lestrade’s division.
“Uh…quarter to seven.” John wiggled his wrist clear of his coat sleeve to check his watch. “I think the earliest you’ve ever rung me was half passed ten.”
this. Just a little would be fine. Obviously he couldn’t use the same amount as he once could, that would be suicide.
Mary hummed thoughtfully, assessing him for a moment. She looked about to head off, slipping out of sight before she quickly leaned back in. “You know…if you don’t mind waiting a bit longer, a few of us are going out for drinks at Paul’s after hours. Interested?” Her ears perked.
century.” He remarked lightly, pointing to the ledger as she flipped to today’s date via a thick ribbon. “Bet you’d rather be using something a little less antiquated.”
Bidding Lestrade goodbye, Mycroft rang off and sat back at his desk, deep in the heart of the Diogenes Club.
A small but wistful hurt came over him and John curtailed it with a shake of his head and a cynical chuckle as he redistributed the onions with a few deft turns of his spatula.
pleased. He’d been beaten to the punch with Gage but at least he could see the outcome of his work in this case. Dufort would undoubtedly be found guilty, the evidence too rich and high treason carried with it a life sentence.
The call was brief, as expected. Ending almost as soon as it started and leaving Sherlock feeling none better for doing so.
“Do they?” Sherlock asked quietly, sounding rather contemplative about it. “I imagined it’s been quite nice not having me skulking about. You can all be moronic in peace.”
Apparently Mahir didn’t just peddle medicines, he invented them. And his knowledge was more than impressive. Despite being there for the sole purpose of ruining the man, Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a certain kinship with someone who loved the field as much as he did.
No pressure but if you dug this too, leave a comment and let me know what you thought. I cherish every single bit of feedback I get.
Mary gave a breathy laugh, bowing her head for a moment before she glanced at him under the soft curve of brown lashes. “We’ll see.” John caught himself staring again, the café falling to the wayside of his attention even as the door whooshed loudly open as another patron entered. How he missed the sound when Mary arrived, he chalked up to being so focused on his reading.
racing that day. And of the times he did, Tiryaki usually favored poorer odds for higher gains, which meant he tended to lose often. The typical risk-taking behavior of an addict Sherlock could appreciate.
with a D, it’s inconsequential.” He appended critically as if John was the one pestering him for the proper name.
The room’s most striking feature however was its king sized bed, situated against the right most wall. The gargantuan thing was made even bulkier looking by several pillows stacked at the head and draped with a fluffy duvet.
“Oh.” Sherlock said softly after what felt like another painstakingly long pause. John greatly wished he could see his face, what expression he was or wasn’t making. That ‘Oh’ could have meant an uncountable array of things coming from Sherlock and all John had to go on was the (
I've added help text on the German dialog (which I hope is mostly correct as I used google translator). But if you hover over some of the words you should see the translation pop up. Which is not helpful to John but it's awesome for you. :D
Reckless yes, but suicidal? No. Sherlock might have repeatedly flung himself into harm's way but there was never a question of whether his aim was to survive or not.
Here he was, essentially watching Sherlock catch the bad guy over and over again while he remained on the sidelines. Or, if he really wanted to be brutal about it,
A ten minute cab ride from the station in Durham found John dropped off at a quaint B&B on the outskirts of town and in walking distance of several shops. The inn itself was two floors with a pub and restaurant attached on the lower level with a separate entrance. John slipped through the thick wooden archway of a doorframe in front of him and glanced about.
And finally, apologies to all you faithful readers for my glacial updating pace. Just know that if you're still coming back to read this you have my deepest and bottomless love.
“Up to.” Sherlock finished vaguely, peering back up at John through dark lashes. He had a sudden reluctance about him, seeming to want to say more. But much to John’s growing frustration he turned his gaze away again, regarding the room beyond the bed.
Funny thing that. He used to love downtime during his tours. The quiet moments sometimes in the mornings, sometimes the evenings before they would get word of an incident somewhere—soldiers being flown in or him being flown out. It was an ebb and flow that John enjoyed. Thrived in.
John took a grounding breath, unfurling his right hand where it had been clamped round the edge of the counter to pinch at the bridge of his nose, feeling his blood pressure rising behind his ears.
Bills currently in or heading for consideration and several Ministers’ names being dropped. Those who were looking to vote one way or another and the ones who could be pushed either way if need be. There was a brief mention about a promising piece of trade legislation with Saudi Arabia (
.” The woman made a tiny startled sound and John’s back went straight. He tried to offer her an apology but found the woman wouldn’t dare make eye contact with him, her cheeks burning bright with shame.
He’d finally given in and confided in Sarah about his insomnia, which was probably one of the reasons she pushed him into going this weekend. She also had prescribed him a sleep aid for immediate use.
“Murder in Paradise.” Collins added elatedly with the point of a thick finger, grinning beneath his bushy mustache. “But what tipped you off about her in the first place?”
But this—this went beyond Sherlock trapesing off to who the hell knew where for a couple of days. This was unbelievably cruel. This was thoughtless. This was…very Sherlock wasn’t it?
“Right, but Crawford’s the opposite way.” John said, narrowly stepping over a suspicious looking wet patch along the concrete. Last thing he needed was skidding on a patch of black ice with a handful of groceries and Sherlock on the phone.
The notion of weeks of meticulous work potentially slipping though his fingers like silt while he stood
The call disconnected abruptly and the elder Holmes placed his mobile down with a heavy sigh, looking forward for a moment in contemplation before he flicked the paper flat in his lap and began to read.
he convinced himself as he had arranged that the clinic could give out his number in case of emergencies. John retrieved the phone, clearing the thickness from his throat before accepting the call.
, that’s it.” The man to his left exclaimed, squinting at his screen to view the tiny image before spreading it bigger. “I forgot how dodgy he looked, look at this prat.”
respected his. So, while he dutifully eliminated what turned out to be a major arms dealer in Casablanca, Sherlock used his downtime to virtually snoop around Turkey.
At the very least the diminutive size of the room—predictable for the price Sherlock paid for it—meant the ailing thing didn’t have to labor
“Are you serious?” Mary’s eyes went wide before let out a soft gasp, her fingers coming up to her mouth. “I mean…oh my god. Yes!” She cried letting out a small ‘oh’ at her voice level. Mary took a glance around her and giggled. Her smile was radiant, lighting up her features.
“I uh—didn’t mean to interrupt.” Lied John, shuffling a bit in the doorway. He’d hoped for a little guidance from the DI, but all Lestrade returned him was a regretful smile before leaning back in his chair.
Which was why as soon as he was finished with his task in Morocco, Sherlock exchanged his plane ticket to Benghazi for the next flight to Istanbul and paid the difference.
“Damn right.” Greg agreed, finally unwrapping his sandwich and letting out a pleasured growl as it was revealed. Prying off the top slice of bread, Greg made for the packets of brown mustard John had left in a little pile, masterfully tearing one open with his teeth.
“I think this calls for another round!” Greg shouted at the top of his lungs, getting a rousing cry from his guests.
Admittedly, a pitying smile here and there was a deal better than the previous reaction she had. The first time Mrs. H caught him early one morning shuffling out of Sherlock’s bedroom, sleep-rumpled hair and clad in pajamas she nearly burst into hysterics in the middle of the kitchen.
Which, if John knew anything about Sherlock, that was exactly how he’d want it. To move and operate unseen. For all intents and purposes, Sherlock Holmes was a ghost. A glint here, a wisp there, popping up in one part of a country and then suddenly materializing in another miles away a few days later.
of Sherlock. Mostly the permeated traces of cigarette smoke, but there was also a hint of his expensive cologne and a combination of other scents too subtle for the doctor to decipher.
,” John said low and breathy, struck with a nonsensical worry that talking any louder would spook Sherlock from the divine progression he was making up his finger.
Believe it or not, Sherlock Holmes was even be a little boring on occasions…though John would ever outwardly admit to that.
“You look things up all the time!” John barked a laugh, quieting down as he remembered the time of night and that he wasn’t alone in the building, even if he was more than likely the only one awake. “No. You’re just miffed I got as far as I did with nothing but a list of numbers and a search bar.” He snarked before it was caught up in a yawn. “Scuse’me.” John muttered when it passed, giving a loud sniff.
“John—” Sherlock gasped a little helplessly, his body tensing as the doctor closed his grip around them both as best he could. With the distance between them, John could only manage to press the first few inches of their cocks together, but it was enough to facilitate a tentative frot.
Sherlock took a sizeable jump ahead in the timeline to see Dufort abruptly out of his chair and kneeling in front of Gage’s, bent over his lap and with his hands resting on Thomas’s thighs.
John beamed, picturing Sherlock wandering the flat from room to room envisioning sex acts between them and secreting away lube.
He never told Lestrade exactly what Mycroft’s involvement was with Sherlock’s downfall, but it was enough for the doctor to contemplate committing homicide. Something to the effect of: if John ever came face to face with Mycroft again, Greg had better be prepared to arrest him.
“You can stay here tonight.” John said distantly, concentrating on jerking the tie loose and expertly flicking the laces from the hooks. Sherlock gave a faint grunt as John pried the boot off of him, letting it drop to the floor with a weighty
.” He pulled easily from John’s grip. “It’s what you came here to do after all.” And with that he slipped into the fray of guests, antlers jutting majestically from his curls.
was more like a slab with a thin spongy mat on it. Which unless you were right pissed was not the most comfortable thing to sleep on.
When he finally did peer back up at John through his lashes, he found him smirking too and for the first time Sherlock noted just how tangible the doctor appeared. Finer in detail than anything else around them. Every line, every wrinkle from a lifetime of laughter and struggle etched over John’s face, flushed and so very h—
Blanching, the detective’s attention snapped over to find John in Mycroft’s stead, something sharp and acrid cracking in his gut.
The place was scarcely busy considering the season. Then again in the email he got earlier that week with the details of his trip and accommodations had mentioned needing to put him farther out from town due to the short notice of it all.
to recreate the streets of London. He wondered however if the fairy lights were still up at the real Baker Street. Or at all. He could easily see Mrs. Hudson opting to visit her sister for the holidays and John…going to Harry’s? No. That had gone awful (
“He was particularly—crestfallen,” Sherlock remarked grimly, in a way John couldn’t exactly tell was from reluctant empathy or distaste or perhaps a smattering both. “Rather fortunate then I noticed the note on the floor when I did.”
?” Sherlock exclaimed, his expression somewhere between stunned and affronted. “Don’t be absurd, I never intended—”
of the calls. As it stood now, he would have a cluster of unrelated points, which was about as helpful as a list of them.
There’s something immensely rage inducing about waking up before one’s alarm. Seriously murderous. Like someone stolen something unremarkable to them but valuable to you. Even more frustrating when the thief was your own damn brain.
Perhaps it was his divided attention; allowing a primal reaction to movement, a kneejerk processing of key features that saw ashen blonde hair and a confident stride that made Sherlock’s brain tell him it was John coming towards him when it clearly
John patted Sherlock on the arm and steered his attention to where a small hallway sat leading to Lestrade’s bedroom and bath. There at hall’s entry hung a sprig of mistletoe and a man and woman sharing a fairly
There had been a headbutt following, which John was fairly proud of—though his forehead was paying for it now—before three blokes managed to wretch them apart.
…” He continued acridly like he found the concept simply hateful. His lips skimmed over John’s skin while he spoke, sowing another kiss between his first and second knuckle.
. That should square things up.” Sherlock rebuffed and spun round, the edges of his Belstaff wafting out in his wake to head upstairs. “Besides…now he’ll have an actually entertaining story for next year’s holiday party.” He exclaimed over his shoulder, already at the first landing from bounding up the steps two at a time.
The faint sound of clothing flopping somewhere towards the kitchen caught his attention. He looked up in time to see the detective step carefully to either side of him, John reaching out to touch the sharp bones of his ankles, skimming upward along the edge of a defined calf and thigh as Sherlock sank to his knees.
It was only when everything was squared away that John’s days began to stagnate. Like his time was moving slower than everyone else’s now that he was deemed useless.
When or where his mum had picked up the knack for the Polish dish, he’d never know, but when John came home from a long day at school to the lovely smell of cooking onions he knew it was going to be an excellent night.
Turning as discretely as he could, John peered over to see a young auburn-haired woman with thick-rimmed glasses standing to one side of the open entryway into Lestrade’s modest kitchen. Well,
When John woke he did so alone, facing a vacant space and an indent in the pillow next to his. So subtle that it almost looked like the impression wasn’t there at all.
. Instead John redirected the conversation, finding a batch of mushrooms with decently sized caps then snagging some fresh parsley and a handful of shallots.
It certainly didn’t help that one of major news stations ran a piece on Sherlock and that it was the anniversary of his death.
“Quite the opposite. I happen to check it from time to time. Makes for a surprisingly useful reference. Plus Mycroft’s terribly sour about it.” Sherlock added proudly.
needing his immediate attention. No snide remarks or sulky looks as he was heading out the door. No terribly accurate deductions aimed like spears at poor unsuspecting dates.
John pulled himself back from where he was staring blankly into space, a tea bag dangling in one hand. He quickly dropped the bag into an empty mug on the counter and switched the kettle on to boil, the urge to relocate overtaking him.
. You know how I loathe orthodoxy; nobody wants to talk about the germination rate of exotic fungi on necrotic tissue round the hor d'oeuvres.”
“And who knows…” Mary pondered. John watched her gaze making an unabashed journey over him from toe to head. “Maybe you’ll have
Sherlock eyed the armrest a little shrewdly before gingerly taking a seat, shifting around till he found a comfortably position which consequently had his hip pressed up against John’s arm.
. Thank you for calling the Maison Athénée my name is Jérôme, how can I help you?” Sherlock answered, raising his pitch by a few octaves. Not surprised in the least to hear the shrill voice on the other end.
Sighing, John swiped the accept icon with his thumb. He had half a mind to tell them to call back later.
You want to try and keep your pouring as even and thin as possible and your stirring constant while you do that. This way we get thin egg ribbons and not lumpy egg chunks (if you
“Breathing.” The doctor muttered to himself, tapping his pencil on the paper’s surface while he mulled it over.
Preforming the same crease and tuck on the opposite corner, John made for the pillows, fluffing them with a soft contemplative smirk. It lingered as he dumped the grey and blue stripped duvet back on the bed and tugged it into place, smoothing the ripples out meditatively beneath his palms.
Sherlock glanced over to find John remained where he was. And though the doctor elected not to speak, his disapproval was clear enough.
“Surely I’d be doing all of England a service,” Sherlock smirked, wasting no time to dive in and mouth along the parts of John’s clavicle exposed by the shallow V-neck of his vest. John abandoned his feeble search in lieu of burying his nose in the ruckus of curls tickling beneath his chin, mindful not to bump into the antlers. At the very least they were set wide enough on the headband that John could put his face near the crown of Sherlock’s head and just feel the lowest fuzzy points grazing at the edges of his jaw.
“Yes…yes you did—” Sherlock pondered, his voice almost lost by a swishy noise overlaying it, like his face or some bit of clothing were rubbing against the receiver. There was an uncomfortable pause that set John’s jaw clenching before Sherlock came back, muttering casually. “
“You know, when John told me you were coming I couldn’t believe it.” Lestrade mentioned as he offered to take their coats, shooting the doctor an eager look.
Though the man before him was practically Sherlock’s height, the appearance and the mannerisms of a person conditioned in the army were unmistakable. From his hair—cropped short on the sides and back, longer at the crown where it shot off in several directions. To the broadly strong but lean frame, carved muscles hidden underneath simple clothing—tan khakis and a black t-shirt, a dark leather bomber jacket without the shearling collar.
He showered with a proficiency he hadn’t utilized since his army days and gave a brief inspection of his face when he exited—still looked godawful but no surprise there. He stayed moving, getting back in the kitchen just as the kettle began squealing. While his tea seeped John dressed, opting for jeans and a ratty old long-sleeve cotton shirt. It was his first day off after all, no need to dress to impress.
John turned away and squeezed his eyes shut, the fingers still lingering by his right pocket curled tightly into his palm. This was ridiculous…he was
Bélanger wailed with rage as Sherlock gave them a parting nod and headed for the stretch of glass doors, leaving her and his
?” The detective’s lip curled as he replied haughtily, “And here I was going to send you a box of tea.” He drew the phone from his ear, ending the call with a punch of his thumb. Sherlock let the mobile swivel downward till it dangled from his fingertips. He drowned the sinking in his stomach with a gulp of searing tea.
The less substantial or ambiguous instances went into the Speculations section. Everything from grainy surveillance images where people claimed to see Sherlock in a crowd or dressed in some elaborate disguise: ‘
’ became nearly twenty, during which Sherlock eased himself from John and a heated debate ensued over whether or not they should get an order of khanom jeeb. John finally settled the standoff by suggesting they just get
At the awareness of hands jamming into his armpits, Sherlock snorted awake and made a clumsy grab for John’s biceps as he felt himself being hauled up. He scrambled for purchase; long legs buckling under him like that of a new born calf, almost taking them both down as John tried to regain his balance.
“Oh. I should also mention that I’m devastatingly good with nipples.” Sherlock added, almost casually.
“GP.” John amended with a half shrug. “I ended up stationed here and there for a handful of years. Then one day I got the bright idea to go career. Spent the rest of my time abroad running around the desert trying not to get killed.” He reminisced fondly.
?” John managed steadily, feeling just about everything inside of him sink into his shoes. His mind flashed to all the instances he confided in Greg or Mrs. Hudson about Sherlock. The idea that either of them or both could have known this entire time made his stomach lurch.
No. Thomas Gage was murdered. Garroted with a thin cord, probably wire and then done up like this to cover it. Whoever did this was meticulous in masking any signs of struggle from the room. Though based on the wrinkle patterns in the linens of Thomas’s bed, another person had slept there. The sheet rucked to the left where this individual had slipped the wire around his neck then hauled backwards. To the untrained eye however it simply looked like Gage tossed and turned in bed.
After a stretch of terse silence where the detective scowled at the shadowed bookshelves while John watched him, the former let out a long decompressing breath and leaned forward, shoulders rounding, elbows resting on his knees. “What are you doing Sherlock?” He asked, sounding softer but weary for it.
As the doctor took his seat in an empty compartment, he settled back and tried to relax. The train ride from London to Durham was a straight shot, about three hours one way.
Fighting the urge to look at it, Sherlock quickly flipped opened the mobile and dialed, punching the digits so hastily he wasn’t exactly sure if he’d gotten the combination right. He remembered to hit the mute button just as the first purr sounded, the detective’s breath wavering into the mic as he listen to it ring. He nearly laughed at the thought of John answering to hear some loon breathing heavily in his ear.
There was a moment of murky realization, like a fish breaching the surface of a liquor filled lake and the man smiled at John, lopsided and self-assured. He raised a blunt finger, pointed it,
John wondered, finally taking a sip of his coffee and grimacing. He’d asked for a shot of hazelnut in his drink on a whim but he could barely taste it. On top of that the brew itself was downright watery. Setting his cup aside in disappointment, John went back to his research.
He cleared his throat, releasing the tension he was holding in his shoulders unwittingly. John huffed an embarrassed laugh. “Christ, you’d think I just confessed to reading your diary.” He drained the remains of his wine and set the glass aside.
John made his way over to his laptop and the small organized mess of notes and files laid out for an upcoming blog entry. He produced a legal-sized notepad from under a newspaper dated from last year—the headline:
The last time he talked with Sherlock was a little over two months ago, back in early September. While John reasoned there were zero warranties the detective would contact him with any sort of regularity, he’d begun to think he’d driven Sherlock off with his demand for more candidness between them.
gambling? I can think of dozen better vices to throw one’s money away on…” The detective had stopped at one point to complain.
“You should see his flat though.” Lestrade mentioned offhandedly a short time later as both men cleaned up before John left. Greg was in the midst of making for the last pickle, only stopping to confirm John didn’t want it, which he did with a scrunch of his nose.
“Tomorrow morning then.” The detective huffed in setback, enclosing John in his arms. Sherlock nuzzled his face against his brow until he found a comfortably position, his breath warming the skin along John’s scalp just under his nostrils.
There were four sections in total: News and Announcements—which he decided to skip as it only seemed to pertain to the forum itself, Sightings, Speculations, and General Chat.
John blinked sharply as his stomach plummeted into his feet. He took a beat to inventory his surroundings, remembered he was standing behind the front desk of the clinic’s waiting room and then peered down at Clair, the nurse working reception that day. Clair was looking back up at him with an open expectation, pen poised over a slip of paper.
Next chop up your scallions. Use the whole thing but the little rooty end bit there (if you’re looking for a milder onion flavor, just use the green leafy parts). One is good, if you want a bit more veg, do two. Then dump them in.
“I’m making a roast tonight if you’re interested?” Mrs. Hudson inquired with a smile and then immediately followed with. I’ll bring some up later.” Scrunching her nose and patting John on the cheek like he’d just agreed.
“If this is your attempt at a compromise John, I’m starting to question your grasp of the word.” Sherlock remarked sourly, but curiously enough, didn’t remove the antlers immediately.
They began a slow stroll down the pavement. John couldn’t fathom why in the world Mycroft Holmes would slip him a get out of jail free card. Guilt? Was it possible for that man to even feel guilty?
What followed was both maddening and glorious. While Sherlock didn’t necessarily rush—which he refused to do
By the way at the time of me writing this part of the chapter, there was an Arsenal vs WBA match coming up on 5/24 so it’ll be interesting to see what the actual final score was by the time this gets posted.
“Yes about that, um…well it was all rather complex actually.” Sherlock replied with an awkward little laugh and a crooked smile that died away upon seeing the subtle clenching to John’s jaw. Realizing a little too late that he recognized
Not the lot one would peg to be secret agents or spies. John huffed a quiet chuckle and without further ado, tapped the link.
At the far wall sat the room’s only window, the shade up and curtains drawn to let the early afternoon light spill onto the floor.
“What, and miss Anderson being publicly humiliated? You promised me a slap John; it’s the least you can do for dragging me all the way out here in that heinous pile of yarn to
Was he? John looked himself over, the paper was still in his lap, though in his stirring had slipped between his thighs. His pencil meanwhile had completely vanished somewhere. He glanced up to the sitting room widows and balked at the shear amount of sunlight pouring in—far warmer than it had been.
” and a wink as they passed one another. A simple diversion so she wouldn’t notice her cart had suddenly relocated itself. Worked like a charm.
I don’t mind you know. I mean about you being a bit possessive of me, not someone checking out my arse…though I can’t say I really mind that either…” He muttered teasingly, and felt the subtle dip of Sherlock’s waist twitch beneath his palm.
It’s a silly thing really, not exactly healthy. It was Stage 1 coating over the still rampant inferno that is Stage 2.
.” He replied after peeking at Sherlock’s name tag, stumbling a little over his pronunciation. The detective gave him a nod in return, watching as Roman gathered his things and headed towards the lifts, disappearing from view as the duel doors shut.
John smiled faintly around the rim of his pint glass, taking a sip and licking the foam from his upper lip.
,” Sherlock corrected, but not unkindly. “And not exactly. It was skin cells and particles of beach sand
Shoving down the needling apprehension in his stomach, John accepted the call. “You’re a bit early,” he quipped as it connected.
.” Lestrade groaned, abandoning his search for his lighter and producing his mobile instead. Assuming it was the Yard at this hour, his irritation mounted as he saw that it was someone else entirely.
“Correct. The intent was to show our hand so he might show his. And he did…to an extent. It amounted to few points of the vast criminal network he’d established.” Sherlock blazed on. Though hushed, his words had a hungry zeal. One John was trying to not let sway him like it used to.
As the car pulled up to the kerb in front of 221B, John righted himself, grunting as he rolled his shoulder blades to feel the bones of his spine shift and pop. “You know that was really wonderful, what you did tonight.”
even remotely presentable.” Sherlock must have made a flippant wave towards his head. John had to give it to him there, the man’s curls tended to have a life of their own. Even the smallest bit of unaccounted for humidity set it whirling in a myriad of directions.
Sherlock went silent for a spell and John was left to wonder what was going on over there when the detective suddenly chimed in:
The drop door into the attic was located right passed his bedroom. Tucking a torch under his armpit, John reached up on his toes and grasped the pull cord, yanking the door open with a groan from the hinges. He unfolded the attached wooden ladder and flicked his light on, shining it up into the dim space above his head.
“Oh they’ll be delighted!” Mrs. Hudson’s nose wrinkled cheerfully, shoulders rising so that her downy coat appeared to be trying to eat her. “I’ll let Marie know you’ll be coming round.” She patted him on the arm as she whisked passed to take her nearly empty cup to the sink, missing the grateful look John paid towards the ceiling.
. So immeasurably and agonizingly thankful that Sherlock was alive. A massive, asinine, prick mind you.
As John entered the examination room, he was greeted by a short woman with a pleasant face, though at seeing him her smile was more reluctant than happy. Understandable when John glanced down to the hand cradled protectively in her lap.
He woke sometime in the morning as the sun streaked through the grated bars of his cell’s only window.
He’d command, usually curbing a smile as Sherlock would huff dramatically and bemoan but still do the thing he was appointed. Mostly to remain in the pleasant almost stifling humidity of the kitchen but also partially,
“You and I both know you were robbed of that win.” Sherlock shrugged innocently, pulling his scarf from his throat and leaving it draped loosely about his neck. “Seemed only fair then to rob the winnings.”
Suddenly they’re both falling the short distance to the floor, landing with a hard thump that makes the side table next to the bed shutter. Upon impact the body below him lets out a wheeze as the air is knocked from their lungs.
John snickered and lightly filled it in, jumping then to #1 Down that now contained the first ‘I’ of idiot.
)—required medical attention. When an injury fell between going to the A&E and shrugging it off. But those touches were clinical. Sewing stitches or applying butterfly sutures, checking throats and wrists for pulses or brows for fever. The rare instances John couldn’t treat himself had left Sherlock too focused on being accurate. There was no place for explorative,
John listened, rapt, only asking a couple clarifying questions. Usually in the past when Sherlock recounted a case he hadn’t been present at, John would actively engage. He couldn’t help it really. There was something gratifying about trying to impress Sherlock by being on the same page. And while a good eight and a half times out of ten when Sherlock asked for his input or he’d hazard a guess as to what happened next, John would get it partial if not completely wrong.
Although at the moment he considered John with an amused skepticism, his bushy but neatly trimmed mustache crooked up at one side, Collins seemed pleasant enough.
Later, after their takeaway cartons sat nearly emptied, after the fire had been dimmed and only the soft glow of fairy lights served to illuminate, after Baker Street settled down for a long cold night, John settled himself down on the floor between Sherlock’s legs while he sat on the sofa, nude save for his dressing gown spread wide.
It was when he took his first sip, the alcohol burning its way down towards his stomach, attempting to put the bees to sleep, that John’s mobile suddenly rang.
“And miss the best part?” Sherlock replied around his mouthful. He’d reclaimed his spot on the loveseat’s arm next to John, bracing one elbow on the backrest so he could recline his lengthy upper body. Leaving one hand free to snipe another quiche, which John was starting to suspect he gathered just for himself.
“It’s uh…mugging.” He brushed it off, taking the bag from her before she really did drop it. He didn’t dare to look over at Greg as he shamefully slunk into the kitchen, already sensing the old woman’s hackles rise.
Sure the doctor eventually saw it for the diversion it was, but the fact remained he never should have left Sherlock alone in the first place. Not after everything that was going on.
Two weeks later Sherlock stood with his scarf pressed to his nose in one of Thomas Gage’s many bolt holes, staring at his lifeless body hanging from an exposed water pipe running across the ceiling.
Taking advantage in the lull in conversation, the doctor began casually. “Speaking of which…” John shifted in his seat, crossing one leg over the other and resting the can on his thigh. “Philip looked a bit—
He turned his face to the right a little more, seeing the bruising spread along his chin before fading into a still puffy cheek. Thankfully most of the worst swelling had gone down, though even as he cooled from the shower, the skin on the left side of his face radiated heat. He was way overdue for some ice. But, better late than never.
“Christ, you’re almost as bad as him.” Lestrade’s smirk faltered and he looked away before continuing. “Listen mate, I mean it. If there’s something going on with you, talk to me. Talk to your therapist. Hell, just talk to
“All kidding aside, you really did wonderfully.” Mary spoke up, breaking the bubble. “I’ve seen my fair share of sutures but yours were pristine.”
The doctor debated lying there much longer, the tease of dozing off pulling at his edges. It was tempting to the sleep starved, but if he wanted to attempt a proper rest tonight for tomorrow, napping now would do him no favors.
Though John didn’t have any particular fondness for raccoons, he had to admit the little things were undeniably cute. Even Sherlock, after the adrenaline and disappointment had worn off, seemed oddly taken with the sight of them. He’d crouched down, small torch in hand while John rung animal control and watched as the kits squirmed and rolled over one another, their eyes still shut tight.
), the second set of marks Sherlock could just make out on Gage’s blotted neck spoke otherwise. He hadn’t exactly strangled himself
Mary balked her head, pleasantly surprised. “Huh. I usually have to pull teeth to get a response like that.” She mused. “Come to think of it, you’ve been
He’d got a little daring then, easing inside the room and placing both hands down over the duvet and giving the mattress beneath it a couple of testing shoves. It certainly had
“Trust me, I’ve been there.” He said, looking out to the middle of the café over Ms. Morstan’s shoulder. “Rent’s due, the money’s running out…” It was no small miracle John ran into Mike Stamford that day in the park. And he knew firsthand how the intervention of a stranger could turn your life around. Turned it right on its head granted. But he’d be amiss if John didn’t recognize Sherlock had saved his life the very moment they’d met at Barts.
There's a few triggering things in here, mostly mentions of drug use and overdosing. We'll chat later but I wanted to give you guys a heads up in case that bothers anyone.
The tactic appeared to work as Lestrade chuckled, his previous apprehension slipping into a smirk as he admitted. “I
“More than a bit.” John looked down at his left hand where it rested on his knee. “Believe it or not, those were some of the best years of my life.”
trying to relax while he waited for his Zolpidem to kick in. Apparently, John fell into the long end of the spectrum of twenty to forty minutes for the sleep aid to take effect. The doctor in him chalked it up to his present complete lack of exercise. Who knew the most consistent cardio John got was from dashing after a billowy coat-wearing loon?
. Sherlock’s features softened with a shy smile and he swiftly became aware that John was holding his hand as he gave it another light squash.
Nonetheless the city itself was lovely from its tall weathered stone buildings squeezed side by side and its winding streets paved in brick and cobblestone. John ended up spending several hours of his day wandering around Durham Castle and Cathedral before taking in the University, still bustling with students as they neared the end of their Easter Term.
“Irrelevant.” Sherlock sighed, as if the whole subject had become dreadfully tiresome. “And it’s not my fault I have a higher standard then what the illustrious
Easing up off the ground, Sherlock hauled himself backwards until his back hit the wood paneling. As he raised his knees slowly he grimaced, like the simple movement troubled him. The reaction caught John’s eye and his confusion was momentarily suppressed as he took in Sherlock’s appearance for the first time.
“Yes.” The detective replied, rolling over onto his side with a pained grunt. Sherlock pulled the sheet off himself and tossed it haphazardly away from him. “But I wasn’t the only one.”
Heaving a sigh, John grit his teeth and bent over. The change in angle bringing Mycroft into view on the far side of the back seat. As they locked eyes, the elder Holmes smiled equably.
, John thought critically as he rotated his phone, letting the display shift to landscape for a better view. It didn’t help much, as the page’s colors were black and dark grey with not-quite-white text, making it tricky to read even when zoomed in.  John did his best though, moving his phone closer to his face as he swiped and pinched and stretched.
Sherlock scoffed; strongly enough that John felt it tickle over his hair, which was probably sticking up in all sorts of absurd directions. Not that he really cared; he was after all lying naked and plastered fairly viscously to Sherlock. Still simmering off a post-coital high, his belly full of Thai and brandy. In other words, absolutely perfect.
Placing the phone gingerly atop his mystery anthology, John summoned the energy to get up and switch the lamp off. Suddenly blanketed in darkness, John cautiously made his way back towards the sofa, weary to not nail a shin on the coffee table. As he rounded the side of it, the doctor found himself pausing and looking over to stare into the kitchen and as far down the hallway beyond as he could. He couldn't see the door to Sherlock's room at all from here, even as his eyes began to adjust.
Like the time John had wandered in circles around the Joy of Life Fountain in Hyde Park with a map of London to catch a serial killer with a taste for helpless tourists. Sherlock had disguised himself as a homeless man (Offensively convincing scents included) feeding birds on a nearby bench, keeping him in eyesight.
But what? A third contact incoming? A tip off somehow about his surveillance? From the intel Mycroft was able to supply to him, there hadn’t been a mention of anyone else but the two. And he’d been so painstakingly careful in his planning.
Twisting round, John went for his watch where it was laid out beside him on the sofa’s armrest. He narrowed his eyes at the numbers, seeing it had been thirty-three minutes since he took his pill. Just a little while longer with any luck.
Palming the cap off, John deliberated taking his first dose tonight, moving the bottle around and shifting the pills. On the plus side he hadn’t drank wine with his dinner, weary of any semblance of a hangover tomorrow. On the downside it probably wasn’t the brightest idea to test a new drug while: A.) Being away from home and B.) Having obligations the next day.
“I assume I don’t have a choice do I?” He asked, clearly knowing the answer already. After a near minute of no reply he expected to find Sherlock silent but pensively still regarding the wall. But when John looked over the detective’s head had drooped to one side, his eyes closed. His breathing shallow and even.
This makes about one and a half servings (or just one depending on the person who is supposedly “not hungry”). Obviously you can up your stock amount to make more and then increase your ingredients as needed for a bigger batch of soup.
While Sherlock was in the middle of recounting a triple homicide he solved based on a popular brand of lemon candy, John looked around to see not only their small audience—six including Greg and Collins—hanging on the detective’s every word, but that several more guests had filtered in and stayed to listen. And by the time John got finished telling them all about the case in White Chapel with the pickpocketing street performers, his watch was just about to strike nine o’clock.
With a small black coffee in hand, John sequestered himself in a booth and pulled out his mobile phone. It felt admittedly daft punching ‘
would of left already.” The detective said nothing in reply; his features becoming passive save for the minute twitch of his lower right eyelid.
’, though it was hard to tell with the competition of his pulse coursing in his ears. However a second or two later Sherlock lay down to the right of him, one leg crossing and stretching out alongside his own, leaving the hand between John’s thighs to move freely. Putting the most delicious pressure against the tight swell of his sac, now pinned beneath Sherlock’s wrist.
More than game to move things along, John rested the plate on his lap to check his watch. “Nine…twenty
I’d thought I’d share this with anyone interested. I can’t imagine there’d be many but I figured what the hell. If like me you one day find yourself with a stroppy, under-the-weather, individual curled up on your sofa who refuses to eat, this might be your best chance of getting some protein into the stubborn arse.
Sarah had caught wise to his dramatically increased work ethic however. Which subsequently lead to her cutting his hours, which subsequently caused them to fight behind the closed door of her office at the end of his shift.
…I think that about sums it up, yeah.” John wheezed a little, wrapping his heavy arms around Sherlock’s torso. The detective was still quietly chuckling as he pressed his sweaty forehead to John's, the tips of their noses brushing. John closed the slight gap between their lips with a chase kiss. Then another.
Mrs. Hudson stopped in daily as she usually did—bring up the post, a fresh pot of tea with biscuits, some tidbit of gossip that John was finding he was alarmingly abreast of now. Every so often they would have lunch or tea together. John didn’t have a repeat of that day however.
Midmorning sun streamed through the tall vaulted windows at Mycroft’s back as he sat at the head of a long wooden table picking over a late breakfast. The grand sitting room of his family’s ancestral home was near silent, the methodic ticking of a clock the only thing to break it.
“Well I did.” John returned, doing his best to ignore the flutter in his pulse at hearing Sherlock over a phone again, the horribly ease in which it brought to mind the
John listened as he dumped the sliced mushrooms into the pan, mixing them in with the shallots already searing away.
. The signs are all there. Flushed skin, blown pupils, racing pulse, the give in your limbs, you’re practically radiating with it.” He spouted rapidly, pulling John from shamelessly gawking at his chest and the tight concave lines of Sherlock’s abdomen. The way they flexed minutely with certain words.
John cleared his throat forcefully; dislodging whatever had trickled down into his windpipe and took a deep unhindered breath.
“Can I get you lads anything to drink? Beer, wine? If you want eggnog I’d get it soon; Anderson’s been mainlining it since he arrived.” Greg frowned wearily and John took a look over the man’s shoulder and across the room. He spied Philip standing not a foot away from a long folding table Lestrade had set up along one wall, a stout red plastic punch bowl along with several opened bottles of wine and various appetizers spread out over it.
“Not good. Not that you’d know.” He sniped, momentarily pleased with himself. “Well without these little
John balked a little at the question. Clearing his throat, he took a sip of his coffee to buy himself a second or two to respond. It wasn’t like they’d never spent time together outside the NSY. Usually drinks at a place near the station. It was just they hadn’t done so since…it had been awhile.
“Says the man with the military cut and relatively straight hair. You have no idea what it takes to make this do
When he came to the final point in Berlin, the doctor tacked the floss down and snipped the loose end with the small clippers of his Swiss army knife—a birthday gift from Mike who’d been rightfully shocked John hadn’t owned one already.
Not that John found it all that much easier to express how he felt sometimes either. Half of his upbringing was keeping emotions bottled up as to not let it be used as ammo against him by his own father.
Gearing to wake Sherlock up and kick him the hell out, John clamored to his feet and loomed over the passed out detective. Inching out a toe, the doctor nudged him in the leg, waited a half-minute then nudged him again a little sharper the second time.
He made a grab for the phone as it reached its third and near finale ring rotation, tapping the green call button, a wavering breath escaping him as John placed the mobile to his cheek.
Taking another gulp of tea, John placed his mug down and dragged the paper into his lap, digging out a pencil from under a magazine on the side table next to him.
John roused with a gangly snort, looking blearily over at his clock and groaning when he registered the time.
Gone were the strewn papers littering nearly every surface, the stacks of random books, the boxes filled with files, the odd bric-a-brac stashed about in the sort of organization only a loon or a lazy arse would utilize. The kitchen—as John pulled two bottles of stout Greg had brought over for them from fridge, undone caps pinging on the countertop—looked like an actual
Sherlock nodded before becoming distracted by the car pulling up to a halt alongside them at another intersection.  “I simply made sure the necklace was in full view before she left.” He muttered inattentively. If he had been paying attention, Sherlock would have seen the utterly proud grin John was sporting. Although one question
It was a small wonder Greg didn’t notice the squeaky punch of a cough the doctor made; or if he did the man had the good grace to disregard it. He went on while John sputtered into his fist.
—which, if you recall, was only after I stopped talking to you for refusing to get it in the first place.”
The remainder of August passed without event, at least of the phone call variety. It did however leave behind a monster of a heat wave clawing into September that no one in the greater part of London had been prepared for. One week in and they were already clamoring about an Indian Summer on the news.
He’d nearly begun to doze off when Sherlock spoke up, his tone low and rolling a little like thunder to John’s ear.
Their mouths met, heated, hungrily, John’s hands roaming over every inch of Sherlock he could touch. There was something John relished about the weight of him, the way his larger, longer frame surrounded him. He followed the trail of Sherlock’s spine with his fingers, stopping to adore over the subtle iliac dimples at the small of his back. The ones Sherlock adamantly denied he even had.
Threads with the most recent activity were displayed beneath each section and his attention fell on one entitled: ‘Killer Waves’ authored by a ‘Deer_Stalker82’ under Sightings. John tapped it and couldn’t help but smile softly as the poster’s avatar appeared. It was an awkwardly angled head-shot of a young woman, perhaps in her early twenties, her coppery red hair stuffed haphazardly under an achingly familiar floppy hat as she winked and grinned at the camera.
John found himself staring at the boxes as a yawn back-built in his throat. He sniffed and shook his head, briefly widening his eyes to focus on the Across list, his gaze skimming over the clues and halting on the forth one:
Admittedly silly in retrospect, but certainly worth it for the soft sweet noise Sherlock made, one last quiver coursing through him before he went spineless, panting hotly over John’s shoulder.
The aroma of onions beginning to fry in perhaps just a smattering too much butter made John’s mouth water. Always had. He’d just dumped the
different now, trolling the waters at the local singles bars didn’t hold the same appeal to John that it used to. Which was beyond baffling. He should
John paused as he was slipping into his own coat, his lips pursing softly in thought. “A few cups of nog in me and I could probably agree to that.” He confessed with a boyish grin and glanced over as he did up his zip to see Sherlock smiling with equal fervor, half-hidden by his upturned collar. John watched as he reached up and gingerly pulled the antlers from his head, appearing about to toss them aside.
He slowly drew the mobile away and stared at it, realizing he was gaping when John licked over his lips and felt how dry the skin was. In fact his whole mouth seemed like it was lined with cotton.
John laugh. To receive that look of half aggravation and half admiration. That sacred amount of a ‘bit not good’ they both ruefully loved.
John strode into the sitting room, plucking what turned out to be a pair of fuzzy stuffed antlers and little felt deer ears glued to a headband amongst other holiday paraphernalia that had yet to be hung or strung or placed. He bought them on a lark a few years ago, but they had remained stored away ever since, unused and nearly forgotten.
The doctor stilled his movements and listened. Ordinarily these calls were dead silent but there was definitely something coming through. A sort of ruffling swishy sound beyond the static, like when your face brushed over a phone’s mic.
Just for a little while to decompress. He’d always come back after all—a little swagger to his gate, with hoppy breath and salty lips.
“You sound like you’ve got some medical knowledge.” John suggested as he rolled over to a set of drawers, opening a few to fetch the supplies he needed for the sutures. With a little careful spacing on his part, he could close up the worst of it with about three stitches. The rest could be held closed with the butterfly-style sutures that Mary had alluded to.
Still, it seemed like a sore subject considering Lestrade’s mood when he arrived. The DI was in much better spirits now, smiling, joking lightheartedly. John hated to sour it just to slake his own niggling curiosity. Perhaps he could mention it offhandedly…if Greg felt like adding to it great, if not, John would let it go.
“Sir?” The waitress asked again, turning to look where John was staring before looking back at him. She watched as he reached, hand minutely trembling for his water glass and downed the half that remained in one gulp.
floor on his dinner break two days prior, grabbing an abandoned housekeeping trolley left in the hallway and stopping in front of number 802—a corner suite and one of the hotel’s more pricier listings.
At first glance it appeared to be winter—rather than holiday—themed, the majority of the sweater red with white knitted patterns of reindeer and snowflakes. Yet upon a longer examination, the doctor noticed the reindeer weren’t just standing artfully posed but were in fact, buggering one another.
could mean a host of different things. From a bout of boredom to Sherlock finding himself in a hostage situation—which in John’s experience astonishingly sometimes involved
John actually felt a laugh try to bubble up, acrid as it would be. It stopped somewhere along his throat like sludge, so thick he had to swallow against it twice. How easily the doctor could imagine they were just on some case away from home and here was Sherlock being a right git about something he was obviously at fault for. An epic sulk that would leave John no choice but to throw up his hands and walk away.
But did Sherlock know all that? John presumed not since he’d never outwardly mentioned it to him. They rarely dug that deep from themselves in these circumstances. They rarely dug that deep at all
Well…this, certainly explained the delay for something that was essentially two men getting together to gossip. Sherlock felt a prickling warmth spread across his cheeks.
Sherlock stared at him all the while, groggy, features soft. His gaze then drifted downwards to John’s cotton-clad chest where the detective gave a scarce nod and shutting his eyes, a long breath hissing from his nose.
’ into his browser’s search field, that feeling only growing as the overwhelming quantity of hearse rentals that popped up in the results. John scrolled through them, nearly snorting a laugh when he came across one company that rented their cars out for weddings. Definitely took the phrase ‘
Steeling himself, John went topside, inhaling sharply through his nose as the brisk air hit his face. He opened his eyes, giving them a minute to adjust to the soft light filtering through the window to his right and spilling across the bedding. He stared blearily up at the framed piece of aged paper mounted to the wall above his head; the long vertical lines of hand-painted Japanese symbols became sharper with each blink.
“I do so enjoy watching your brain work John. Slow and steady, building up speed like a steam engine.”
“S’ok.” Greg shrugged, openly taking in the state of the sitting room before turning his attention back to the map, nodding his chin at it. “What’s all this then?”
“Fucking hell John, did you rob your nan for that?” Lestrade winced with a bewildered laugh as his eyes roamed John’s jumper in all its confusing detail.
Besides being dreadfully still in there, perhaps the most jarring thing to John was the smell that hit him after a moment or two. Faded as it was and despite the air being stuffy for having sat sealed for so long, the room still
As anticipated the phone next to him began ringing, line no. 4 lighting as he picked up the receiver.
The detective tisked sharply in his ear. “I was hoping you were going about it a bit more creatively then a
Tearing himself away from the map, the doctor shuffled dejectedly into the kitchen, throwing together a quick turkey and swiss sandwich and much needed cuppa.
Out of the four horses Sherlock picked to win, three of them placed exactly where he predicted. The fourth was admittedly a long shot by him—sturdy mare but had a bit of a limp that morning, nothing that would keep her from racing but she ended up placing sixth. Regardless, with the other three placing as they did, Tiryaki had not only made back everything he lost that day, but doubled it.
Sherlock’s gaze was blazing, stark and almost silver in hue, partially shrouded by dark silky lashes. John collapsed back as Sherlock closed in, eclipsing him like a canopy. The doctor’s eyes trailed from the engaged muscles of Sherlock’s arms as he held himself aloft, across the flat plains of his chest and the pale pink drops of his nipples. When his sights reached the jut of Sherlock’s cock hanging heavy from his pelvis, John’s measly remaining restraint fell away and he opened the hand loosely wrapped around himself, lifting his arse from the floor.
The sweet and fermented aroma of sauerkraut hit John’s nose when he pulled the first sandwich out, wrapped in thick white parchment paper. He didn’t have to decipher the penned abbreviation on it to know it was Greg’s pastrami on rye.
The doctor groaned and burrowed himself deeper under the covers. His chilled face warming so quickly it was slightly painful.
“Depends.” Sherlock shrugged the one shoulder he wasn’t leaning on. He tipped forward till the antlers nearly skimmed the top of John’s hair; his nimble fingers flickering while he deliberated between a carrot and a crisp.
Crossing back over to the stove, John turned the heat to simmer and wiped his hands clean on the dish towel, tossing it down in a crumpled heap as he picked up the mobile. The device felt heavy in his palm for something so streamline.
Sherlock had just closed 802’s door and flung the tag back onto the trolley when a maid came round the bend, blushing as he gave her a flirty “
“Hello, my name is Madame Bélanger—” Sherlock scowled briefly, disappointed with how close he’d been to getting her name.
“Think John, you’ve seen it before. It’s unmistakable. The prolong looks, the melancholy expression, the self-distancing.”
Lobbing a heavy sigh, Sherlock finally broke his statuesque pose, his jaw tightening as placed to fingers two fingers to each temple and rubbed firmly.
John’s eyes trailed down to the device. He hesitated, something rebelling in him. Something seething, angry. Like Stage 2 had left the band and was striking up a solo career now that John had no reason to grieve.
“I nearly binned the microwave with it.” He chuckled, bracing the mobile between his cheek and his shoulder as he got up and poured another shot of scotch. “Had a bit more in the fridge, so wasn’t a total loss.” John added, setting the bottle down and looking the phone’s screen—Christ he’d been chatting to nothing for a little over an hour and a half now.
Sure he could be a right pain in the arse at times, especially when he got into one of his black moods. Nevertheless there were plenty of moments when the man was simply at ease. Peaceful.
John blinked slowly, trying to parse what the hell that meant. “What happens in—” The doctor had just begun to ask when there was an outburst of cheers.
Sherlock appeared to heighten; clasping his hands behind his back and regarding her for a second more before his chest rose sharply.
He bolted upright in his chair with a gust of an inhale, hands coming to the armrests as if he were about to spring out at a moment’s notice.
"Whomever's contacting you can't be made aware that you know it isn't me. Which means your line will be monitored.” Sherlock said after a moment, appearing none too pleased with the development himself either.
. Punctuating long quiet spells with conversations—sometimes quite heated ones—about the most random things apropos to nothing in particular. Zombie fungi, the absurdity of Bond villains, the ideal paring of a specific tea and biscuit, who could hold their breath the longest (Sherlock by a solid minute and a half), why on earth John found black coffee so appealing and why Sherlock wouldn’t touch his unless it was cut with a pound of sugar.
Luckily being the evening hour that it was and on a weekday, it meant the lobby was vacant save for few stragglers here and there. Some arriving from the airport, some already guests coming in for the night. Any sense of liveliness was in the hotel’s bar and lounge area at this point. The low din of talking and laughter seeping its way towards him.
Sherlock hummed and even with the swatch of shadow over his face, his impish smirk was unmistakable. “All it took really was me mentioning that a woman with dark hair was looking for her—since eighty-three percent of the women attending tonight had some shade of brown or black hair, the odds were in my favor that Claudia knew one of them.”
“Yeah.” Lestrade muttered, fishing his keys out as the DI came up to his car. “I’ve seen John’s methods of coping Mycroft. This is not one of them.”
Sherlock shrugged, shifting from one foot to the other and gliding closer into John’s space. “I observed the difference in length of the nails on Mrs. Andrew’s left hand verses her right when Lestrade was interviewing her. A sign they’d been recently broken and then filed and repainted. That, along with the distinctive arched bruising on her left palm. Found to be identical with the curvature of the base of the statue.”
He ate his sandwich solemnly, arse seated in a cleared out spot on the coffee table as he faced the map.
Yeah Sherlock’s skills at damage control were pretty lousy. Downright nonexistent at times. But he’d been getting better at it in his own way. John was sure of that.
ring on his little finger. While it’s not entirely out of place for a man to wear a pinky ring, that one’s much too small to be his. Moreover there’s the narrowness of the band itself—rather dainty for a man’s ring wouldn’t you say?”
John had been making it a point to max out his time at the clinic. If someone was on leave, out sick, he’d offer to take their shifts too. It kept him occupied, kept him out of the flat and doing
The package itself was rather crude but adequate enough to pass postal regulations—wrapped in brown paper and trussed in a course hemp twine. Mycroft’s eyes swept over the front, noting right from the start the lack of a return address. However the stamps adorning it sent an ill rift through him as they clearly originated from Turkey.
“Hell…we could use a man like you in Petty. No telling how quickly we’d be turning them over.” Collins tipped his glass to Sherlock and then Lestrade, who looked more than proud himself.
No matter where John looked however there was a bewildering amount of clutter. It seemed in his attempt to piece together lost cases for the blog the sitting room had become a bit of a disaster area. Troublingly still, was the fact John hadn’t really taken notice to it until now.
“I can feel you taking me in. Opening for me.” Sherlock panted, an unmistakable tremor in his voice and John realized that he was idly grinding himself against his thigh. Though for how long now he had no clue. John’s concept of time and awareness had boiled down to nothing but the finger inside him and the deep voice purring over his chest.
Letting his head fall forward, John gripped the edge of the sink, fingers squeezing a few times at the porcelain. He closed his eyes, a long breath hissing through his nostrils as something sinking passed over him. Smothering. Threatening to rush over his head if he didn’t just—
“So you do know about it.” John smirked into his wineglass, draining the last of his Marsala before pouring himself half a fresh glass. “I sort of assumed you must have but just didn’t care.”
John set about getting a fire going, taking the gas key from where it was held in the tiny arms of the terracotta warrior statue on the mantel. He then wasted several minutes trying to locate where Sherlock had squirreled away the matches, eventually finding them beneath the skull on the opposite side.
As it turned out the website consisted entirely of a forum…and a dated looking one at that. Not that John considered himself an expert on current web design—his own blog was evidence enough.
“No absolutely. I—I can’t even—” Mary hugged an arm around herself. “You don’t know how much this means to me.”
“Damn right I am.” John spat, though he regretted it a second later. Being defensive wasn’t going to help either of them. He recognized he no longer had the luxury (
Lestrade had done an impressive job of decorating his flat, stringing large fairy lights around the entire ceiling of the space. In what John assumed was another calculated placement, he’d strung more lights to frame his relatively new flat screen telly mounted on the wall next to the hallway. The set itself was on, displaying a yule log someone had recorded burning in their fireplace.
phone call came three weeks later, nearly round the same time in the evening while John was still dissecting his cooling chicken lo mien and watching the colors and images flicker on the telly without really taking them in. He seemed to have two modes these days, live wire and completely shut down. Right now he was off, which out of the two, was considerably better.
So here he was. Watching telly, eating nuts, and working on his third pilsner—half pint this round. The perfect trifecta to lose yourself in.
He recalled being in a similar arrangement when the heating would fail at the flat. Though the building itself was in moderately solid condition, up to code if one ignored the dilapidation that was 221C and what he suspected was a burgeoning hole in the roof. It was the eternals however: pipes, ducts, and the ever finicky furnace that belayed its age. Come mid-autumn when the boiler was tasked to do anything beyond heating water it would constantly threaten to break and usually did at least once or twice a season. Sometimes remaining out for several days while Mrs. Hudson scrambled to get someone in to fix it, leaving John and he huddled at night in as many layers as they could by the fireplace.
