was that?” Mycroft snarled and actually closed his laptop in favor of clasping his hands under his chin and fixing Sherlock with a demeaning look.
John was moaning so wantonly that he missed the sound of the lubricant bottle opening; so it came to a shock to him when Sherlock's left hand was replaced with a much slicker right hand. He rolled his hips and snapped his eyes open just in time to see Sherlock swing a leg over John's waist. He reached around behind him with his right hand, left hand sprawled on John's stomach for support, and guided the tip of John's cock back behind his balls, over his perineum, letting it come to rest in the slight hollow of his hole.
“Just this one.” Sherlock bounded up the last flight of stairs and was already holding the door open when John reached the last step.
“Ahh, but that is for us to discover as the day progresses.” Sherlock smiled and returned his hand to the computer, getting back to his expeditious research.
“Slow?” John murmured into Sherlock’s ear then scraped his lips over his sharp cheekbones. “Mmm.. I believe so as well, my Honey Bee.” John nuzzled his nose against Sherlock’s then pulled away with a mischievous glint in his eyes. “Let’s see how well I remember the human skeleton, shall we?”
“Sorry, mate.” John rushed back to the driver's window and handed him the money. Once the driver was satisfied he hurried towards the building and bouncing with nervous energy he made his way to the lab.
When I’m done with the army, Sherlock, will you go away with me? Let’s go on some grand adventure. Some over the top holiday where we can be annoying tourists. Let’s go to Australia, or New Zealand. Someplace far away, I don’t care where, just as long as I’m with you.
Okay so this is relatively short but we hope you enjoy it either way. Also there maaaaay or may not be an even bigger surprise coming the middle of this week. Just saying.
Sherlock scoffed, “Two years John? Seriously? You know me so little that you would think it would take me two years to get something as simple as a Bachelor's degree.”
“Ashley ‘The Lion’ Melton.” Sherlock nodded and leaned back, inspecting his handiwork and tossing the bloodied gauze in a bin.
“Quite alright. I knew I could make it.” Sherlock grinned, pleased with his accomplishment and flexed his jaw.
I have most certainly acquired a new physician, unfortunately this woman’s presence is even more infuriating than the last one. The first of six children, widowed, never remarried, yet managed to produce eight children of her own before the untimely death of her only husband; four of those offspring having already given her two spawns of their own, each. She has grown accustomed to city life, having recently moved to London at the urging of her oldest, yet has not been able to handle the lack of contact with her family or close friends. Therefore, she has seemingly decided to fill that insipid void by acting as surrogate mother to her patients. I am in constant suffering by her hands. Apparently this woman is more “hands on” in her treatment. Just last week I was required to write a paper on the ill effects of narcotics and other illicit substances, paying particular attention to my own drug of choice. Needless to say I supplied her with a well documented and thought out composition. However, even with my well credited sources, a paper also depicting the benefits of said illegal drug use was not looked well upon. As punishment, my writing privileges were withdrawn for an entire week. Hence why my letter is long in coming, if you were wondering.
He found Sherlock very much how he’d left him. The only difference, now instead of sleeping on his side of the bed, Sherlock was sprawled out on John’s side, hugging John’s pillow. John smiled again, then crawled into bed beside Sherlock and gently ran a hand through his hair. While it was mostly a loving gesture, he also wanted to feel the wound that was buried under those curls. While warm to the touch, it wasn’t hot, which eased a few his worries. An infection would be a bit not good. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open at the touch and after a few seconds of blinking the sleep from his eyes, he found John. He smiled and buried his head into the pillow. If John didn’t know any better he’d think Sherlock was acting shy.
Here we're trying something a bit different. B and I texted each other, and took screenshots, kind of... roleplaing out boys, if you will, but for the sole purpose of this fic. We like playing around with different ways to write the chapters, and we thought this could be a blast!
“I’ll get your case,” Sherlock said, putting a hand on the handle before John could. “Mycroft has a car waiting.”
John knew that Sherlock was hiding behind his past annoyance in order to keep John from seeing how truly worried he was. If anything, it made what Sherlock was doing that much more meaningful.
Sorry for the delay, solo writing is hard on top of a crazy life. : ) Once we're back to the letters the schedule will be back to normal, I promise!!! I can handle writing two letters a week on my own!
“Bit not good. But I didn't mind. Much.” John leaned in for a kiss and when they finally parted he was smirking. “So, you uh…. have something you want to show me?”
Mycroft were in the room, and that at least Mycroft was watching them, he kissed Sherlock with as much tongue as he could muster. It was the sloppiest kiss of his life, all tongue and teeth, his tongue alternated between licking over Sherlock’s lips, his chin, cheeks, and delving into Sherlock’s mouth. He pulled away just as Sherlock brought his hands up to return the grip. “See you in a bit, yeah?” John gave Sherlock a filthy wink then disappeared into the kitchen.
On impulse John bent down and kissed the reddened skin, pulling away with a grin as Sherlock let out a contented sigh. Everything John had planned, the hard fuck into the mattress, a few more handprints on that pale skin, he’d even thought about grabbing a fist full of curls, everything faded away when Sherlock moaned.
"Sherlock! For Christ's sake..." John scowled but the twinkle in his eye hinted at his growing arousal.
4) If Sherlock sounds different here in these next two chapters, I'm sorry, but I personally write all of this out on my own. I usually ask blood to change Sherlock's wording a bit, but she doesn't really have the time to do it so it's all me. Sorry!
Sherlock was pleased to see that Mycroft had the decency to present the new mobile fully charged as well as seemingly equipped with all the necessary applications. Sherlock chanced a glance at his brother, who was currently observing Sherlock with the same intensity, before typing furiously away on his new device. Sherlock smirked as he found and removed numerous “bugs” that had been embedded within the coding. He honestly was a bit disappointed in how little effort was needed on his part.
cold?)  He watched as Sherlock lay smirking, wondering for a moment if he was joking, trying to break the ice, or if he really did just want to watch John change.
“Did Najmah ever seem like she didn’t want to be there?” Sherlock asked, then took a long drag at his cigarette, eyes closed but moving rapidly beneath his closed lids.
I then proceed to open the package attached to the letter and am greeted with the most vibrant red pants I have ever seen in my life. Had your brother not been sitting right there, watching my every move, my face would have mirrored that color. However, I managed to remain calm, fold the pants back up and smile at your brother as if I had been expecting them. (RED PANTS? SERIOUSLY, SHERLOCK? That’s your idea of an apology?! Thanks…. I guess, as they are quite comfortable.) I then slid the letter over the desk and kept it under my flattened hand then told Mycroft that I would prefer to read your letter in private, if he didn’t mind.
“I’m close,” with one hand on johns hips he used the other to guide John’s head down, pulling their mouths together in a messy kiss.
Neither man knew how long it took before either of them stilled. It could have been seconds or it could have been an hour. But Sherlock was the first to move, suddenly overwhelmed with the sensations of John's hand still holding his cock, and John’s cock still buried deep inside him. He pulled off of John a bit too quickly, causing John's cock to slip out of him with a wet pop. Just as he was about to roll over onto his back Sherlock went rigid, his mouth open in a wide O with his eyes blown open wide as he felt John's ejaculate slide out of him.
Posting this before I head to work. I love getting your comments while at work, they make a boring monday night so much nicer!! (I work at a hotel and tonight I'm doing the 3-11pm shift and it's going to be soooooooooooooo boring!)
Early Chapter is early again because I have Monday off and plan on sleeping in and being a lazy slug all day. (Like that'll actually happen!) Plus, it's nearly Monday here, so I feel justified!
“Right.” Mycroft stood, took one last sip of his tea, before gathering up his coat and following their father outside. Sherlock thought of joining them, but after a minute of thinking decided that John wouldn’t approve and instead began wandering the cottage. He found himself in the bedroom he’s been sharing with John, smiling fondly at the still rumpled sheets from that morning, then his case caught his eye. With a smirk he dove for the case and pulled something out, placing it on his head and checking his appearance in the mirror. After adjusting a few stray curls he nodded to himself and made his way back out to the sitting room.
“Probably fortified the floor, piping in the wall, proper ventilation so the humidity doesn’t effect the room, lightweight shell.” Sherlock added, patting the side of the hot tub. “Fiberglass. Joining me?” Sherlock dropped the blanket and shimmied out of his clothing, and climbed in. “The jets can be
“I’m going to fuck you like this, so every time you look at this wall you remember what we did here.” Sherlock had wrapped his arms around John’s neck for balance and John kissed one of his biceps.
Also, just as a heads up during the week after Christmas, I'm going to be having a friend visiting from Puerto Rico, and while she's a johnlocker and probably reads this when she has free time, I don't plan on writing much while she's here. She's here from Christmas until New Years. B is off school, so she might have to take over the writing, so you might sense a slight difference in writing.
“Now who’s looking debauched, husband?” Sherlock grinned and picked up the closest article of clothing, a sock, to clean himself off.
“Dunno…” Sherlock shrugged and let out an annoyed huff. “Rhodes and Moran are fighting for control on this one. Moran wants to punish Mathiesen for paying for sex, while Rhodes wants to find the women. Moran seems to think the case is solved. I’m sure he’ll charge Mathiesen for falsifying a kidnapping, prostitution, and whatever else he can.”
“Well, Honey Bun is rather fitting after all. Isn't it, John.” Sherlock grinned and whipped a mirthful tear from his eye.
“What is? My erection?” John blushed and tried to step away, but something about just how innocent and curious Sherlock looked made him pause.
“It was Mycroft who approached me. He knew that I would be alone when I was, Victor being out with a few of his friends. He started lecturing me on sentiment and how it was doing nothing but destroying me. I let him prattle on until he informed me that mine and Victor’s relationship was finished. I flew into a rage or at least as much of a rage someone in my position could. A few hurled insults and objects seemed to get my message across.”
Sherlock stifled a yawn and stretched out under the blankets as best he could. John’s head was, very efficiently, pinning his right arm to the bed. The whole limb was asleep and he could feel the pins and needles that came with lack of circulation at his fingertips, but he was loathed to move. John was asleep, curled up around him, head on his arm, and one limb thrown over Sherlock’s own legs. It was adorable. He brushed a soft kiss onto John’s temple then stifled another yawn. He thought about trying to sleep, but morning light was streaming in through the crack in the curtain and he knew he was too awake to get any sort of quality sleep. After enduring the weight of his husband’s body for a few moments more, he gently detangled his legs from John’s then did his best to replace his arm with a pillow.
Your doctor took the fall for her daughter!? I find that shocking. I couldn’t imagine giving up everything like that. All the time and money put into school, god alone the sleepless nights trying to cram in a few more hours of study before a big test. Perhaps it makes me cold, but no, I wouldn’t take the fall for anyone. Not even my own child, if I had one. I also gather that this means you’ll have (or by the time you get this, already have) a new doctor? Switching your primary care during rehab can be difficult to say the least, so don’t feel like you need to stay quiet if you’re unhappy. Though, something tells me you aren’t the type of person who keeps his thoughts to himself.
“Yes well, someday you might want to show people your wedding pictures… and it might be nice for one or two of them to be hicky free.”
Sherlock was a blur of movement as he bent down, filling his arms with snow. He had longer legs than John, and was by John’s side in 3 seconds flat, dumping his armful of snow directly over John’s head as his Captain bent down to form another snowball. John came up spluttering, his face, hair, and neck covered in snow. For one brief moment Sherlock thought he might be angry, but then John’s eyes twinkled as he pushed his half formed snowball against Sherlock’s left cheek with a hearty laugh.
“It turley seems like accidental bum wiggle leads to an erection. I wasn’t sure this morning, as we were already so…
Despite John’s warm smile, Sherlock found himself fidgeting under the attention. “Who’s…um… who’s…that is to say...I’m not sure...I don’t...I’m not sure how we’re going to pay for,” Sherlock cleared his throat and collected himself, his words more self-assured than he felt, “I’m sure I could obtain Mycroft’s card somehow, a quick call and half thought up argument should suffice…”
“Mmm. We’ll get through this. At the risk of sounding corny, we’ll get through it because we love each other.”
I woke this morning to one of the most horrendous scenes I have ever witnessed. I was completely convinced that I had died at some point during the night, as there was no other explanation as to what was occurring and why. However, my exclamation on such a scenario being the only rational interpretation on why there was currently a giant elephant wearing a suit invading my room, was not received well by my
“And what are we supposed to do with these?” John asked Sherlock as he held his jumper up for inspection.
John claimed the bathroom as his personal changing room. He hung his suit on the back of the door and discarded his towel into their quickly growing pile of dirty clothing. He gazed at the suit as he stepped into a pair of pants then let out a sigh. He pulled the navy blue trousers off the hanger and held them out in front of himself as he put one leg inside the pant leg then the other. Shoes came next, black shoes that had been polished with love and respect. Shirt, jacket, gloves and belt followed next. Once he was fully dressed he straightened his shoulders and checked his appearance in the mirror as he secured his beret on his head.
“You're sure you don't want the family doctor to look him over?” Mrs Holmes asked again, though now that she knew why John had initially declined she seemed less offended.
Should something happen to me, all my affairs are in order. Everything will go to you, besides a small portion of money set up for Harry. Don’t see this as me expecting the worse. Everyone going on this mission has done the same, simply as a procession.
Just wanted to say thank you for everyone's input. We will be sticking with the screenshots, as it would take more time than Blood or I have to transfer our texts to actually written OUT text. Right now its as simple as taking a screenshot, posting it on my photo bucket, then linking it here. : ) I tried copying the screenshots into text, but spent an hour of my time and only got 3 screenshots into 18 of them. Not worth it, honestly.
“Mmmm…” John’s hands covered Sherlock’s on his chest. Silence stretched for what felt like an eternity. Neither of them moving, everything else fading away, washing down the drain with the water that swirled below at their feet. Sherlock’s height made it so his mostly flaccid prick was nestled in the cleft of John’s arse and he found himself wondering how such a simple feeling could feel so perfect. It wasn’t until Sherlock kissed John’s shoulder and his lips came away tasting of soap that they finally moved.
“It isn’t the only thing that’s going to be sore.” John grinned and stood up, offering a hand to Sherlock. “On your feet, and take off those trousers.” With a grunt he helped Sherlock to his feet then stood back and watched as he fumbled with his belt for a moment.
“I can pay now,” Sherlock whispered softly, and John watched as the burly Italian man seemed to cast his husband a proud look. “John, this is Angelo, he used to feed me… when I was… er… starving and too proud or high to ask Mycroft for help. He’d let me work off my tab.” Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in his chair then looked at Angelo, “I’m clean now.”
“But where would I stay?” Sherlock propped himself up on one elbow, his thoughtful look quickly turning into one of disgust. “Surely not with Mycroft?”
"Jaawn," Sherlock drawled, "are you going to abandon me again in favour of helping Mummy?" He was shocked to find that as he asked he clung to John, his fingers digging into John's jumper at the very thought of John leaving him.
“My brother won't give us a choice. But I’ll see you in a few months.” Sherlock pulled away, blinking rapidly while clearing his throat.
Sherlock nodded and bit his bottom lip hard as John poured half of the bottle on Sherlock’s groin and used the hand not pinning Sherlock to the cot to rub it in. A soft whimper escaped his lips but he said nothing.
Forwarning...this chapter is not my best work. I had to physically push each paragraph out while I was writing this. This past week (and today) have not been the best of days emotionally. Hence also why I haven't been keeping up with comments like I normally do either. I really wanted this whole concept to be more flushed out and descriptive but...again I am really sorry about the lackluster of this chapter.
“Right after I stuff this in my bag.” Sherlock tentatively unzipped a corner of his over stuffed bag and just barely managed to stuff John’s jumper inside. He thought he had successfully hidden the tremors in his hands but soon realized just how wrong he was when John stepped beside him and took him in his arms.
We are getting into the heart of this story, that little idea that sparked this huge monster of a fic. It is going to get dark. We will be adding all new tags, both as ACTUAL tags, and here in the beginning notes. (And writing any tags that apply to the newly posted chapter)
“Hmm. Well, look at you.” John grinned as he fixed Sherlock’s collar. “You wouldn’t happen to be looking for an elf, would you?” with a smirk John traded his jumper for the Christmas jumper and spun around for Sherlock to inspect, only stopping when Sherlock’s frown turned into a smile. “Come on, could be fun!” John winked and turned around to inspect the rest of the family’s jumpers.
“We took a nap. We were asleep for at least a half hour. Thirty minutes is more than enough time for things to, uh,
“Payback is sweet. But don’t worry, luv, I’ll have you screaming tonight.” John patted Sherlock on the shoulder then gently pushed him into a standing position, “excuse me,” he added as he scooted around Sherlock to step into the spray of water.
Sherlock quickly closed off the road his thoughts were currently careening down. He didn't want to think about the reality of John's situation, both of their situations once their little vacation time was used up. As much as he bloody hated Mycroft, part of him had to admit that this setup was greatly appreciated and rather
After around ten minutes of just lying there unmoving, John grabbed his discarded towel and cleaned Sherlock off, then tossed the towel onto the floor. He had to poke and prod Sherlock, moving him one leg at a time, until he was able to get the blankets out from under his limp form, but he soon had them both wrapped in the the thick duvet. A quick glance at the clock told him it was only 7pm, but he was still running on Afghanistan time, which was 4 hours ahead. Perhaps an early night would be nice. Sherlock then chose that moment to let out a deep sigh and turn his body into John’s embrace, cementing the idea to stay in bed.
“Shhh, love, don't cry.” But it was too late, John looked over Sherlock's shoulder at the plane and began crying as well. “Hey… it is what it is.”
Lacking his usual grace and agility, Sherlock stumbled from his chair and quite literally fell with a thud to his knees in front of John.
“He didn’t pay me off,” the man sighed and ran a hand through his rumpled hair, “Er, is Captain,” he looked down at the folder in his hand, reading the name stamped on the front, “John H. Watson-Holmes here?”
“I’m simply asking Lieutenant Rhodes to have a chat with the children. Gave him a couple of questions to ask them. Might be useful to find out who their father is, and how well the children knew Najmah.”
“Could be a number of reasons. Money, drugs, blackmail, wrong place at the wrong time, pressure of war.” Sherlock shrugged against John and lifted his head, resting his chin on John’s chest.
“Mmm tomorrow.” John agreed and shared a knowing glance with Sherlock. For the better part of the last hour, Mrs. Holmes had been trying to talk them into taking home the leftovers. Sherlock rolled his eyes in a way that said:
“Fine.” Sherlock held John’s jumper to his face once more and took a deep breath in. Even though the prospect of unspeakable events occurring were exponentially high, higher than Sherlock would ever like to admit even to himself, he held strong to the promise that John would see him again. Sherlock felt his grip tighten as he pressed John’s jumper even tighter against his face. Even so, Sherlock wanted to commit John to memory...his face, his laughter, his voice, his scent....even with them hundreds of miles apart, Sherlock wanted to be able to recall everything about John perfectly.
http://i-dont-shave-for-john-watson.tumblr.com/post/176972812435/chapter-update-for-dear-john-chapter-104-posting
I had just come off a 10 hour shift in the ER here on base, and was exhausted. So when I made it to the patient's side and he told me that he'd shot himself in his testicles, I thought I had heard wrong. So naturally, as I was pulling on my gloves, I asked him to repeat himself. I promise you right now, if we ever meet in person, I will reenact the story exactly how he told it to me, but doing so on paper just wouldn’t be as funny as it involves a lot of jumping, dancing, and rolling on the ground in agony.
With a plop, the ball of energy that was Sherlock Watson-Holmes scooted from his high perch on the chair to sit somewhat properly in his chair, his feet still were drawn up and he now rested his chin on his knees.
John rolled his head to the side and let out a low moan while lacing his fingers with Sherlock’s. He lost himself in the moment. Sherlock was here, above him, and his arousal was
So, yes: The written smut WAS for Mycroft's benefit. However, that does not take the truth away from it!
“Mm.. I do try to hide it. However… I’d very much like to kiss you again, like that. If you’d be keen.” John stuffed another biscuit into his mouth, then frowned. These weren’t going to be enough, not unless he planned on eating the whole package himself.
“Can I at least see what you are sending under my name before you send it?” John sighed, moving to look over Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Tomorrow, mid-afternoon.” John said sweetly as he positively glared at Mycroft. Mycroft of course hadn’t mentioned a time, but nor had he said they’d be popping by to spend all of Christmas together, so setting the time himself made John feel like he had, if only a little, some control over the situation.
“Nah,” John smiled and winked at his husband, “but you're right. We should have a talk about this before I go back.”
“Piss off, John.” There was no bite to Sherlock's words, however, and when John reached down to cup Sherlock's groin in his hand Sherlock let out a breathy giggle. “How can you… after…”
“Bend over like that again and I can’t promise to keep my hands to myself…” John growled as he took the canister from Sherlock and distracted himself with the simple task of making tea. “So,” he added nonchalantly, “we don’t hate your brother then?”
“Mmm. But I’m sure I can talk Sherlock into setting that up for you. If you’d like.” John smiled kindly at his mother-in-law, trying his hardest not to react to both Sherlock and Mycroft’s reactions. Sherlock had sat up fully, completely out of his sulk now, intently watching his husband and mother chat, while Mycroft was trying his hardest not to choke too loudly on his tea.
“What was…? That was…” John got up and reached for the tea, handing Sherlock a cup and a few biscuits.
“You mean these letters?” Sherlock, who had just ducked into their bedroom, returned with a stack of papers that were tied together with an old shoelace. He began actively skimming through the collection of correspondence, frowning as he glanced from one letter to the next. “Did I
"Daddy's special recipe. More alcohol than eggnog." Sherlock smirked and held up his glass. "Cheers."
Sherlock woke early the next morning to find himself sweating. His first instinct was to throw the blankets off and sprawl out on the bed until he had cooled off, but as Sherlock shifted to do just that, he felt the weight of John’s arm shift as John murmured something in his sleep and pulled Sherlock closer. The younger man huffed in slight annoyance as he settled back into John’s embrace.
OH one more thing. All typos on John's part were mostly made on purpose. I figured poor John, all hot and bothered like that, probably wouldn't have the best texting skills.
John grabbed two fistfuls of red, welted arse and pulled the cheeks apart revealing Sherlock’s greedy hole. John kneaded his fingers into Sherlock’s arse then squeezed hard on the harassed skin before letting his hungry tongue flick out of his mouth and ran it over Sherlock’s twitching ring of muscles. Upon contact Sherlock let out a grunt and slumped against the table.
1) John's letters/chapters are going to be posted on Sundays now instead of Monday. I don't work Sunday afternoon, where as I usually work ALL day Monday, so it just makes sense.
your fault, and the sooner we can get that through that thick skull of yours the sooner we can get to fucking in my office.”
We are getting into the heart of this story, that little idea that sparked this huge monster of a fic. It is going to get dark. We will be adding all new tags, both as ACTUAL tags, and here in the beginning notes. (And writing any tags that apply to the newly posted chapter)
Posting a day early, because I start two jobs tomorrow, then a thrid mid week, so I am going to be busy as fuck. Thankfully the long chapters are now done so I can go back to just focusing on letters and going back to a Monday/Friday Schedule!
“Why?” Mycroft sighed, sounding very much like a whining five year old who didn’t understand why he had to take a bath.
Emotions washed over John and he held back tears as he bent down to kiss Sherlock’s cheek. Not wanting to cry in front of Sherlock, even while he was asleep, John quietly slipped into the bathroom and turned the shower on. Standing under the hot stream of water he let the tears fall. His whole body shook as the grief he’d been fighting for days took hold. He was so lost in his pain that he flinched in shock when Sherlock’s arms enveloped him from behind, though he quickly settled in against his husband’s warm embrace.
“No….” Sherlock said absently, “I need to think,” he sat with his back and head resting against the headboard, fingers pressed together and steepled just underneath his nose.
Their coupling was hard and fast. Sherlock moaned into the pillow as if it were the only thing keeping him alive while John gave Sherlock exactly what he wanted. When the bed began rattling against the wall Sherlock rose his hands above his head and braced them against the wall. When they were both finally spent John collapsed onto the bed beside Sherlock and took Sherlock’s hand in his,  weaving their fingers together and bringing Sherlock’s left hand to rest on his chest.
John was met with very little resistance as he slowly pushed inside Sherlock's warm heat. He smoothed a hand down Sherlock's back and let out a sigh. Since parting their sexual life had not been boring, but nothing beat this, nothing beat the feeling of Sherlock’s body tightening around him instead of his own fist; and judging by Sherlock's moans, he rather felt the same way.
she was still insistent that I invite you over once you come back to England. Don't worry, we can make sure you're engaged in more important matters so as to not have you become a victim of the inquisition.
“Perhaps.” John placed the plates down on the counter and stepped over to Sherlock, taking his hips in both hands. He pulled Sherlock so close that their hips touched and leaned up for a kiss. “Perhaps I have. One could argue that your arse in those skinny jeans is rather distracting.” John gave up standing on his tiptoes in favor of kissing Sherlock's neck.
Something a little different than Sherlock's usual letters. B informed me that Sherlock has some physical needs... and John was more than happy to help.
“Oh? So you’d rather watch as I struggle to get up on my own. I see how it is.” John winked up at Sherlock then placed a hand on the floor, ready to move. The cut he'd received was still tender and his knees were actually aching from the bloody cold. Once he used to enjoy winter's chill but after spending over a year in the blazing heat he was suddenly reminded that he was in fact not quite as young as he once had been. “If you hear any creaking, pretend it’s the house, okay?”
P.S. While not satisfying in the long term, a quickie in the supply shed does go a long way for morale around here. Also, how do you know that I’m not hideous? For all you know my nose is covered in warts and I’m missing half my teeth.
“How long until you lose count, mm?”  John rained down 6 more hits, letting them fall at random on Sherlock’s perfect arse.
“I want you inside me, now.”  Sherlock purred and slid his lips from John's mouth to the shell of his ear, “Come on, John, hurry up. I can smell bacon.”
Having had quite enough of Sherlock’s bossy tone, John wiped his slimy hand on his thigh then grabbed hold of Sherlock’s hips. Before Sherlock had time to utter another word, John pushed inside his husband with such force that it practically knocked the air out of Sherlock’s lungs in one long gorgeous groan.
amused he was John nodded and added, “I'll do my best. Especially now that you won't be here to patch me up.”
“Shut up, Mycroft. You’re just jealous.” John retorted as he fondly ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair, before following Mummy into the kitchen, however, he full on grabbed Sherlock by the face, knowing full well that Mr. Holmes
“Well, you've just had three orgasms, practically back to back.” John returned Sherlock's grin and stretched out beneath Sherlock.
“Can I have Mycroft’s room? It’s bigger.” Sherlock grinned at the idea of having Mycroft’s old room, which was more like a three bedroom suite, and when his mother nodded his head he actually jumped in the air out of excitement. “Perhaps going back home won't be so bad after all.”
“I assume this is a new side of their Captain, a side which they haven’t yet been privy to.” Sherlock gently pushed John off of him and went to the window. Wordlessly he looked outside, giving everyone a full view of his messy curls, before shutting the blind with a smirk.
“Mmm?” John glanced down at his arrangement as he wrapped some wire around the stems to help keep them in place.
“Take care of yourself?” John tilted his head backs and they shared a salty kiss, he then moved his hand from Sherlock's hair and used his thumb to brush away his tears.
Sherlock sighed as he stepped out of the shower, the heat still lingering both in the air and on his skin. It wasn’t as if he was denied showers back at the rehab center, however it was pleasant to be able to do so leisurely and not have a strict time limit. Grabbing one of the towels that were conveniently located inside a rather large cabinet, Sherlock began removing the moisture from his tall, lanky body. Once he was sufficiently dry, at least to his own liking, Sherlock then wrapped said towel half-heartedly around his lower half.
Okay enough wind from me, on to the story! Tindo did help me with this one. And by help I mean she pretty much wrote it and I went back and added things here and there or changed things. Next Sherlock email will be ALL ME though! Promise!
“Will that be your excuse when you don't last more than three minutes?” Sherlock, despite having a dick in his arse, still managed to sound regal and poised as he teased John. More teasing than his words, however, was the telltale clench of muscles around John and the Captain let out a grunt of pleasure. John reversed direction, letting himself all but slip out until only the very tip of his cock was still inside Sherlock then slammed his hips forward.
“You will have a proper cut before I get back.” It wasn’t a question and the tone of John's voice sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
I know his separation is difficult for both of us, but we’re both fortunate in the fact that we were on our own for so long before we met each other. We know how to cope, how to function on a daily basis without requiring companionship. (Please don't read this as me saying I do not wish for your companionship, because there could be nothing further from the truth.) Also, it gives me time, John. Time to prove to myself, and you, that I can function as an ordinary  human. Well; when I say ordinary I mean normal in the fact that I do not require drugs to keep me sated. Even Mummy has seen the difference, as I've noticed that she's stopped rifling through my drawers on a semi regular basis.
Sherlock rolled his eyes for a second time but reached for his buckle. John gave a slight nod when he heard the buckle click.
“Can’t. The lift only runs if you swipe a keycard, and only the staff have them. I’ve lifted a few, but they’re all in my room.”
“Mmm no, nothing else, though I’m not very fond of green beans.” John smiled and looked at Sherlock, “You? Anything I need to know about?”
“Alright…” Sherlock grumbled, “But use that tone with me again and I’ll be dragging you into the bedroom.”
“You’ll stay clean? Right?” John couldn’t help himself, he asked it before his brain had time to catch up with his emotions. He held his breath, unsure of how Sherlock would take it.
“Relax, we all get shot at.” John took Sherlock’s hand, not out of any romantic gesture, but to get his husband to get a move on. “Come on, I’ve got a med-kit in my office, you’ll be nurse.”
“Fine!” Sherlock got up out of bed, grumbling the whole time he gathered up clean clothes and gave John’s suitcase one last dirty look as he passed by and stopped short, “Why are you bringing this?”
“John… If I didn't know better.” Sherlock rumbled as John mashed their mouths together, “You weren’t so much
“Rice, a bag of frozen mixed vegetables I found, and some chicken. I added some sesame oil and soy sauce. It seems your brother, or one of his minions, fully stocked the fridge for us.
“Empty promises, John…” Sherlock returned the kiss then stepped in front of the mirror, fixing his clothing and twisting a few curls until he found himself presentable again.
“Git.” John gruffed out, but went to sit beside Sherlock, positioning himself between Sherlock’s legs, with his back against Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock ignored his husband in favor of adding in a second finger. John was tight, incredibly so, and the knowledge that soon that tight ring of muscles would be wrapped around him sent a jolt of excitement through his cock. He stamped down the feeling however, knowing that if he didn't he wouldn't last much longer than a couple feeble thrusts. And he wanted to make this good for John, really good, earth shatteringly good. After all, this was John's Christmas present.
Together they stood on the pavement, family car at their backs, and his and John’s new home at their front. A group of men, hired by mummy, were carrying the last of their boxes into the flat where John was inside ensuring that nothing was broken, and the boxes made it into their correct rooms.
John sped up, and grimaced. The men were between them and base, and unless he swerved hard, which would risk tipping the jeep over, they had no choice but to pass them. Sherlock noticed this as well, and decided that he would he would have time later to worry about morals, and opened fire. He was not prepared for the recoil, and his first attempt at defending himself, and his husband, was useless. He was nothing, if not a fast learner, however, and he quickly adjusted his position and accounted for the recoil.
“Yeah.” John smiled, kissing the top of Sherlock’s head as he passed by on his way into the kitchen, muttering an apology and saying something about “Rice.”
“Right.” John dry washed his hands and looked around their kitchen. They’d just finished dinner, and enough leftovers to last Sherlock a month were portioned out and in the freezer. “That should do it. I mean, you’ll have to learn to cook eventually, but at least that will give you a head start.”
John’s mouth, which John swallowed up greedily. Then Sherlock shook, twitching from head to toe as warm liquid spilled over John's hand and between their bodies. Sherlock's muscles contracted around John, making the older man groan as Sherlock coaxed his orgasm out of him. John saw stars, and his vision dimmed as his groan mixed with Sherlock’s scream.
My new relationship is going fucking fantasic... except... he's US Air Force... and is going to FREAKING ENGLAND for training... : ( So I'll not have him around for 2 weeks AND he'll miss my birthday! BUT that's good news for you! Means I'll have no life again and will be able to write!
"Good. Then come for me." John swatted Sherlock's hand away and took charge of Sherlock prick. With hard, fast strokes he quickly brought Sherlock to the brink, then pulled him past the point of no return.
I hope you all don't mind one last chapter of screenshots. Blood and I did these texts AGES ago (Probably back in February) and had this whole bit of "Fic" planned out.  Friday's chapter, lord willing, should be a giant ass block of text. I already have about 2k words written, and just hope to be able to plug away at the smut bit. (I've been having a hard time writing smut lately, dunno why.) So bear with me if Friday's chapter is a bit late!
When the alarm went off at 5 am John wiped a single tear from his eyes, sat up and looked around the room. Their room. There was no mistaking that this was
“Mmm,” John, who despite himself was nearly asleep already, mumbled into the pillow, “whatever you say… but stay on until I'm asleep, yeah? It's as close as I can get to falling asleep next to you.”
space. Sherlock had been intending to find himself a flat that was close to Uni but instead he’d found them a home. Sherlock placed a hand on John’s shoulder and he looked over to see that Sherlock’s eyes were watery as well. They shared a chaste smile then John was out of bed. He breezed through his morning routine and was walking out of the bathroom, carrying his small bag of toiletries, before Sherlock was even out of bed. Sherlock was, however, sitting up and on his mobile.
Sherlock raised one of his own eyebrows in response. One of his more glaring features was his tendency to push people, particularly to their limits and beyond. Sherlock was curious how far he could push John. “Obviously.”
Before Sherlock had time to regret his decision John stepped back and 11 more times the riding crop crashed down, each time Sherlock whimpered and attempted to wiggle out of the way of the crop. When he was done, before Sherlock could move, John tossed the crop aside and fell to his knees between Sherlock’s legs. Up close he could see that Sherlock was hard, and leaking. God, was he leaking.
. I arrived here, after a very long and very bumpy caravan (17 hours spent sitting in the Humvee, not including stopping for loo breaks), covered in dust and welcomed by the sight of a hangman's noose dangling from a tree. Minor, and some major, explosions seem to happen regularly throughout the day and actually make the ground shake, I still find it a bit unsettling. I was told to never go without my gun, and to
“What for?” Sherlock muttered and gave an indignant sigh as he had just gotten comfortable by resting his head on John’s shoulder.
Watching you fly away was the hardest thing I’ve ever done. I didn’t even last half the day before I sat at my desk starting a, then blank, piece of paper. Sherlock, my love, I’m amazed by you, How did I get so lucky, to have you as my husband; a man who flew over four thousands miles to spend one day with me. A man who understands and puts up with a husband who cannot offer him more than a few days every couple of months. I almost find myself wishing that we hadn’t met, not until I’m home for good, however I wouldn’t trade what we have for anything in the world.
http://i-dont-shave-for-john-watson.tumblr.com/post/176274398615/chapter-update-for-my-fic-dear-john
“Let me taste you…” John muttered again, mumbling as his tongue claimed Sherlock's mouth as its own. It swiped around teeth, lips, tickling the roof of Sherlock's mouth, waged a war with Sherlock's own tongue as they danced together. And all Sherlock could do was stand there, clinging to John for dear life as his husband pulled him apart bit by bit. It was more than just a kiss. It was acknowledgement that John was leaving tomorrow. Admission that each touch now meant infinite amounts more. A broken sob found it's way from Sherlock’s throat and John lapped it up, echoing it with a noise just as heartbreaking.
“John, if I'm the one ‘topping’,” John laughed out loud as Sherlock actually used air quotes, “would that mean that
Burying his face into John’s chest, Sherlock took a moment to listen to and catalogue John’s heartbeat. Constant, yet slightly elevated. Not from nerves or panic, but proximity. Sherlock let such knowledge wash over himself, the evidence allowing for his muscles to become relaxed.
ALSO: in order to get this out, and our lovely warning above this is 100% unbetad by us. Normally we let it all sit for a day or two and tweak it here and there before posting it. However My work schedule is pretty much out straight until NEXT weekend, so I wont have the luxury to do that with this chapter.
Tindo here! I just feel like I should warn everyone. John's chapter, Monday, might be out later than I would like. We don't have it all written, and I have about 0 hours of free time until monday late at night. We will do our best to get it written for you though.
Honestly, we hope everyone who is celebrating today has a wonderful Thanksgiving or whichever you celebrate today, and to those who are not celebrating we still hope you have an amazing day and REALLY enjoy this new chapter (: Love you guys!!!
. I told your brother everything that was on my mind, held nothing back. Made a few demands of my own. -You might notice that you’ve been transfered into a bigger room, with a window, and have access to an outside courtyard (unsupervised) whenever you wish.- Along with one other, small, thing… If I were you, I’d stay within earshot of a nurse on the day of July 12th. Roughly 2pm your time. I know it is a few weeks away, but just trust me.
“It was hardly terrible. Besides, I've never seen my brother so put off before. I rather enjoyed it.” Sherlock half whispered half moaned as he ground his hips against his husband.
Sherlock made some sort of noise indicating he most likely hadn’t truly heard what John has said, completely engrossed in his search to make his and John’s relationship official, at least as official one could get considering the circumstances. Personally, Sherlock didn’t need a piece of paper to indicate that he was in a lifetime relationship. However, the benefits that John had described had crossed his mind. He figured he could survive a quick ceremony. At least it wasn’t going to be anything like what his parents would force them to take part in.
“See here, John, see how this tread looks smudged, blurred, almost like it isn’t in focus?” he pointed, excitement evident in his voice.
John looked dashing, commanding, even a bit hard around the edges. He carried himself differently dressed in uniform than he did in civies. Sherlock wanted to reach out, to soften the hard edges, to kiss the grim look of determination off John’s face;  but instead, he just handed John a plate and sat down across from him at their table.
“I stayed for about six to eight months, I can’t remember which. While I was no longer considered a drug addict, I was still damaged. Mycroft attempted to continue my rehabilitation at home, however I wouldn’t hear of it. As far as I was concerned, I was completely fine. I graduated university and obtained a small flat outside of London.”
“More likely he’s anxious to get out of here.” Mike couldn't help but laugh at the sight of Sherlock slumped lazily in the chair, foot tapping away on the floor as he continued to glare at John.
Posting for blood, she's had a few hard days so I wanted to take the weight of having to get this up off her shoulders.
Sherlock smirked as he proceeded to remove his sleepwear and did his best to look presentable. None of his usual products where available here so he had to make do with a quick hand ruffle through his hair. Looking at himself in the floor length bedroom mirror, he thought about making a stop into the bathroom once John was out, but decided that he looked well enough.
Also I have a serious question for all of our readers. Concerning any test message chapters that we may do, would you all rather we type out the texts or continue to do screenshots except to NOT lay them out side by side, but singular down the page. Please let us know in the comments!
“Ah, well, you wouldn’t do him,” John nudged Sherlock’s side, “so I’m afraid I can’t agree to that.”
“Me, slow?” John growled as he popped open the lube bottle. “I’ll show you slow if you don’t stop being a dick.
“Thank you, Mummy.” John licked his lips and tucked in, flashing Sherlock a look which he correctly interpreted.
Though Sherlock meant this playfully, with no malice in his voice, John gave a sad sigh and nodded his head. He crawled onto the bed, moving so he was on all fours directly above Sherlock, straddling his waist, and leant down to kiss his nose.
“My ass is cold.” Sherlock nodded and allowed John to help him to his feet. John slipped an arm around Sherlock’s waist and together they slowly made their way through the snow. Once inside and rid of their snow covered coats Mr. Holmes handed them each a blanket then nodded to a set of stairs.
Moran watched from the next table over as the men began waving your picture in the air chanting, "Watson has a boyfriend." He watched as they passed the picture around, watched as I struggled to get out from underneath the two men, and only when I was about to punch the man holding your picture did he put an end to things. I have to say, I was glad to receive my transfer papers… Events like that are happening more and more often, and it makes things rather tedious.
Sorry if the case was lukewarm at best. Cases are not my strong suit. I know it was a bit cheesy, but it’s something at least!!!
“Mm?” Sherlock forced his eyes open, sensing from the way John clung to him he was about to say something of importance.
Also, should Chuck and Ian make another appearance. I rather like them... and I'm fighting the urge to kill one off and have John be the one to call TOD on the body...
Sherlock snatched the folder out of John’s hands and frowned at it, the contents, then at the officer standing next to his husband.
Forgetting my name already? Don’t think I didn’t see that you had started to write out “Holmes” instead of Watson-Holmes. What do I need to do to remind you that we’re married, John? Should I bombard your phone with pictures of my genitals? Write you one of those sappy love letters? Or perhaps I should simply wait until we are together next and
FCH again, posting another chapter for you lovely, LOVELY people! We love you all, those who've been with us since the first letter and those who are just catching up! Here's a bit of dirty, good-natured fun between our love-sick boys, who don't seem to do the whole separation thing too well. Or is that just me?
I rather got the sense that Mycroft was not well pleased with my reaction towards him. It seems he is well known in the higher ranks, and was given VIP status during his stay. My commanding officer, Colonel Moran, nearly chewed my head off when he heard how I had “treated” him. I for one, refuse to be put down, in my own office no less, and told that something I have no control over is my fault.
Sherlock growled and thrust the picture into John’s hand, talking a mile a minute as John inspected it.
Just spent a good portion of my time this morning on hold, and dealing with, a billing company so my energy is lack luster at the moment. Energise me with your beautiful comments and remarks! Also, Sherlock had other ideas than my own when writing this email. The boys tend to take over like that sometimes. Just ask Tindo.
I miss your voice… we should make time for one last phone call before I leave here. I'm not so certain how often I'll be able to make phone calls once I've been transferred… or if I'll be able to at all. Call me, darling. Evenings are best.
While making sure to thoroughly rinse out his hair, Sherlock not so subtly moved his bare arse back and forth, knowing John’s attention would be immediately drawn to the plump wet expanse of flesh.
“Like… a strip tease?” John cocked an eyebrow at Sherlock and tilted his head in amusement. He’d expected a little bit of sass from Sherlock, but nothing quite like this. However, he wasn’t complaining.
John again leaned back and wrapped a hand awkwardly around Sherlock’s face and leaned in for what had to be the slowest and sweetest kiss of his lifetime.
“Stay...don’t move.” Sherlock panted shakily, and John felt the bed dip. He heard Sherlock’s shuffling footsteps as he made his way into the bathroom, heard him turn the taps on, then Sherlock was returning, kneeling over him and still breathing hard. “Wet, don’t flinch.” John nodded in understanding as a warm flannel was pressed to his face. Sherlock washed John’s skin with care, even wiping the come out of his hair before tossing the flannel aside.
I love you my John, my dear Captain, my husband, and I look forward to being able to hold you in my arms again. Please let me know when you’ll be getting your first leave. Mycroft has already promised (under threat of Mummy) to fly me to you, as long as the request in given in a “reasonable time frame”. Until then, I implore that you take care of yourself.
“The wedding! I can plan your wedding! Well, I’ve got most of it planned already, obviously.” She stood up again and rummaged through a drawer on the far side of the kitchen, pulled out a tattered looking notebook then sat back down at the table. She licked a finger and began to leaf her way through the worn out pages in search of something. Finding it quickly she placed the notebook down on the table and turned it around for John and Sherlock to see.
Tindo and I decided on an early chapter update this week, specifically because of the holiday and not because we simply could not wait.....nope.
?” John grunted and thrust up, leaning his whole body against Sherlock’s as he dug his fingers into Sherlock’s alabaster skin, leaving red marks beneath his fingers.
“Oi, keep that up and I might just give you that spanking you were begging for yesterday.” John groaned and suddenly felt exposed without Sherlock’s sexual attentions.
The story John tells Sherlock is 100% true. In fact, it is way more funny when my friend (who witnessed it) tells the story because it involves my friend having to get on the radio and tell his supers that some guy just shot himself in the testicles.
delivered by none other than one “Mr. Mycroft Holmes” whom I could only assume from the moment I heard his name, to be your brother. (Not even a minute into our
“True. I would have been cross.” John’s voice wavered a little as a glob of lube dripped onto the carpet. He felt all self-control fly out the window and snatched the bottle of lube out of Sherlock’s hand. Flipping the cap open with his thumb of his left hand, squirted some into the palm of his right hand then slicked himself up. “You’re quite sure you’re open enough…”
“No, far too comfortable, would be a shame to move.” Sherlock glared at the phone then tossed it onto the cushions.
We have currently started the next chapter and, even though I need to be getting ready for finals next week, and Tindo's work is doing its best to drive her ragged (how she does what she does I will never know, she is beyond awesome), we will do our utmost to get the next one out in a timely manner. Until then, we really hope you enjoy this current gem! σ(≧ε≦σ) ♡
John parked the car and twisted his head around so he could look through the windscreen at the building ahead of them and wrinkled his nose.
“Moran didn’t mention that,” Sherlock noted eyes closed still but one eyebrow arched. “What kind of mother was she?”
“Mmm good.” John purred into Sherlock’s ear while continuing to kiss that perfect neck. “Now, I’m going to push you down on this sofa and kiss every part of you I can reach. Is that okay?”
Sherlock hissed a little at the stretch but settled back against the bed after a moment and soon resumed his moaning.
“Come on, Watson. Don’t lose your nerve now.” He looked up and stared himself down, willing his nerves to settle. “You can do this. Just think of Sherlock, how much you both want this…” he turned the hot water on and took a few deep breaths in while it warmed up. He splashed water on his face then gathered his resolve. “Right.” Straightening his jacket he took one more look at himself, adjusted a few of the pins then nodded to himself and stepped out into the lounge where Sherlock, dressed in an impeccable suit, was waiting.
“It was password protected.” John felt his ears grow red remembering what he had last changed his password too.
“Of course we have. I’m not five.” Sherlock huffed with a roll of his eyes but turned quickly lest his mother see his own tears.
I completely forgot to post this! I am so sorry everyone! I have zero excuses except that I'm an old scatterbrain on my good days. Thankfully I remembered it now and not later, say, when I was going to bed lol
“I suppose one or two tend to slip through,” Sherlock did his best to pretend to be unaffected, “though do try not to tell anyone. I would hate to have to keep you locked away just to protect my image.”
“Well, with the proper care, it should all come back. It's hard to say, with head injuries, how long the recovery period is as every case is unique. Did they start you on a round of antibiotics, to prevent any sort of infection while you're healing?”
“Right, first order of business,” John proclaimed as he tossed his coat into a nearby chair and kicked off his shoes, “will be a shower. I'm chilled to the bone!” He moved in the direction of the bathroom then spun around and took a few backwards steps while grinning at Sherlock. “Joining me?”
Sherlock took it, and swallowed the lump in his throat. Despite his best efforts fresh tears brimmed his eyes when he looked at the photo. It must have been taken just after he enlisted. He looked so young, so certain of himself, so handsome. Silently he gave his brother a single nod, and retreated to his room to read the rest of John’s journals. His Husband’s last words.
real. He shifted his position under Sherlock just a bit to the left, just enough so he was no longer rutting against Sherlock’s thigh but groin.
A gentle metallic, short, sharp sound alerted John to the bedroom door once again being open. Unlike the boisterous movement from before, Sherlock eased the wooden door open, allowing for only a sliver of his features to be seen from the other side.
We are getting into the heart of this story, that little idea that sparked this huge monster of a fic. It is going to get dark. We will be adding all new tags, both as ACTUAL tags, and here in the beginning notes. (And writing any tags that apply to the newly posted chapter)
“One or two? Doesn’t that make three?” John chortled and leaned up on his toes to steal another kiss, this one less desperate than the others but so sweet it made his lips tingle. He would have loved to stay there in that moment, exchanging kisses, but he really did fancy a cuppa.
Also, Tindo and I would like to extend a question to all of our readers. We were wondering if anyone would be offended or feel like they were not be getting their "monies worth" if we implied a few letters here and there,, instead of writing every single correspondence between our lovelies. There is no right or wrong answer! Only honest. (:
“Of course. My vote is for your office. Every time you look at your desk I want you to remember how I looked bent over it, spreading my arse wide for you.”
“Ah! Here! I knew he couldn’t resist!” Sherlock threw open the door to reveal what John could only label as a Guilty-Pleasure-Room. Against the wall directly to their left sat a bar, which appeared to be fully stocked, beside it was a table which had a wide array of sweets, cakes, and other edibles, but what really caught John’s attention was the hot tub tucked away in the corner.
Sherlock cocked his head as he regarded the obviously flustered soldier. “In every room except the bathroom, as far as I can tell.”
“I’d rather you stay in what you are currently wearing, though I can imagine how eager you probably are to get into regular clothing,” at this point Sherlock’s slight smirk grew into full on cocky grin, “However, if you wish to make the transition, you have to do so in front of me.”
"Mmm that. Yes that." Sherlock muttered and waved a hand in the air apathetically while giving his arse a wiggle then let out a guttural moan when John's hand made contact with his arse with a loud “slap”.
comfortable.” as if to prove his point Sherlock pulled the blankets up over his head completely and let out a very loud yawn. John chuckled, but finding himself more than content to lay with Sherlock in his arms, didn’t complain and they lay there for nearly ten minutes before John broke the silence.
IF a tag makes you uncomfortable, skip the chapter and say in the comments. “Couldn’t read because: your reason here” and blood and I will give you a short summary update as to what happened.
Can I just say, that it is freaking amazing to have Blood back? Her Sherlock rivals that of BBC's. It's like a mix of BBC and Jeremy Brett and I love it.
“Bad enough we're out in the open. Let’s not give them another reason to shoot us.” then added when Sherlock looked confused, “Homosexuality is forbidden in this country. While it's fine that we kiss on base, let’s not get carried away out here.”
John withdrew the riding crop from inside his jacket where he had been hiding it from prying eyes. Holding himself tall he walked over and placed the crop on the table directly in front of Sherlock. Without waiting for Sherlock to react John grabbed his left hand and twisted it behind Sherlock’s back. He leaned in close, breath hot and heavy on Sherlock’s neck.
“Well, perhaps it's time I conduct my own scientific experiments this weekend. Starting with ‘Does Sherlock’s arse in those skinny jeans distract me?’ ” John cleared his throat and pulled away, but not before stealing one last kiss. “And actually, I do believe it does. Nearly burned our food, all thanks to your arse. Next time you distract while I'm cooking at least remind me to turn the cooker off first,” he commented as he pulled the pan off the hot burner.
Sherlock reluctantly let go of John only to maneuver him so they were facing each other and John was directly under the spray of water. Sherlock watched as the suds slipped from John’s body, watching a particular cluster of bubbles as it was washed down John’s torso only to end up nestled in the thatch of dark blond hair surrounding his not so flaccid penis. He let his eyes linger there for a moment. John was hard, incredibly so, his proud prick standing at incredible attention, his sack low and full despite their previous activities. John was also impressively thick. Sherlock may not have had much hands on experience when it came to dick comparisons, however he had enough theoretical data to know that John’s penis was well beyond the standard means of most individuals. With a smirk he mentally acknowledged that John must have had a stiffy for the majority of their walk, possibly starting during their frolic in the snow.
As he rounded the corner and entered the long hall leading to the lab John forced himself to a walk. He purposely evened out his steps and focused on his breathing. Sherlock was a prat, and given the chance he would use any information gleamed against him.
Now, I do believe I said something about romance. So please, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, sit back and enjoy as many romantic quotes as I can muster. You might need to go brush your teeth after this letter for all the sweetness.
IF a tag makes you uncomfortable, skip the chapter and say in the comments. “Couldn’t read because: your reason here” and blood and I will give you a short summery update as to what happened.
“Nice try, Mycroft. I trust you’ll tell me if there are any others? John and I do plan on being naked in every room of this flat, and unless you want to see your baby brother getting rogered so hard he’s screaming, you’ll tell me where the others are.” No sooner had he said this, than did Sherlock’s mobile go off. With a wry grin, Sherlock looked down at John, who was still awkwardly cupping his bum. He with drew his hand, but not before pinching Sherlock’s posh arse, Sherlock responded by lightly tossing the book at his husband and winking.
“This is for Mycroft’s sake, isn’t it?” John grinned and rolled his eyes at the mischievous grin on Sherlock’s face.
“Mmm keeping them hostage. If you want them, you’ll have to come back.” Sherlock nodded as if it were the most logical thing he’d said all weekend and flopped dramatically onto his back. “Now shut up and have sex with me.”
“Eacho-” Sherlock began before John gripped his elbow and squeezed hard. “In the other room.” John nodded and let go of Sherlock’s arm, accepting a cup of tea from Mummy.
“Good. Tell him it's a wedding present.” John went to roll out of bed, as he stood and stretched the metal splints on his fingers clinked together and he gave a frustrated grunt. Without giving Sherlock’s possible reaction any thought John rolled his eyes and slipped his fingers out of the splints then began tentatively bending his fingers. He let out a content sound as he was able curl and uncurl his fingers without experiencing any pain and tossed the splints onto the nightstand.
“Did finding that out improve your mood?” Dr Thompson made a few notes in Sherlock’s chart then looked back up.
We need you to settle an argument. She wanted me to say that John is a whore. And when I said "And Sherlock ins't?" She blamed this WHOLE chapter on John.
“Right, give him a few…. he has this technique, where he stores information, memories, knowledge… stores them away for later. Catalogues them. It's rather fascinating.” John explained but watched in apprehension as he waited for Sherlock to surface from his thoughts. After nearly a full minute of Sherlock sitting rigidly in his chair with a blank expression on his face, he grimaced then his eyes fluttered open.
“Whore.” John muttered affectionately as he reached for the lube. “You really are a bloody cock slut, aren’t you?”
It still took a bit more prodding to get Sherlock up and out of bed, but when John let slip that mummy had made enough bacon to feed a small army Sherlock opened both eyes and licked his lips. The news of John’s prolonged leave slipped out over breakfast. Mummy, of course, was ecstatic and after smothering both John and Sherlock in kisses she immediately began planning a celebratory dinner. While Sherlock ate, and John continued to pick at his food, she pulled out cookbook after cookbook, scattering them across countertops and the table, muttering to herself all the while. John had just nearly finished his food when she gave a shout and put a hand to her mouth.
he could lift Sherlock up with ease. (Not now, though.) So he simply stored that information away for such a time that it might be useful.
A small voice repeated over and over again. John deserved to know, even if he said it didn’t matter, even if everything ended right here, for some reason it mattered. Taking a moment to breathe, Sherlock somehow managed to tear his eyes away from John’s lap to John himself.
“Oh!” Sherlock looked up, never before had he heard his mother squeak before. Even Mr Holmes came in from the lounge to see what was going on. “Oh!” she exclaimed again then made her way to the table to sit across from her son.
Once John was back in the sitting room placed both cups of tea down on the coffee table next to a sealed manila envelope. He stood there awkwardly by the sofa, unsure if he should sit or not. Just as he was about to take a seat he spotted his bag and the idea of putting on Civies came to him. It would be nice to get comfortable, perhaps he’d even be able to rid himself of some of this tension and relax if he changed. He was just pulling out a pair of jeans, a fresh t-shirt and his favourite cream coloured jumper (it was cold, much colder than he was now used too.) when Sherlock entered the room.
“What exactly are we looking for?” Sherlock pulled himself up out of his chair and much like he had on the chair, splayed his long lanky body over John’s causing John to have to thrust his hands out to brace himself on the table under Sherlock’s weight.
“Right, well you could have been a bit nicer.” John sighed as he scooped up the folder and his tea and moved over to the table between the two windows.
When Sherlock began whining and making little choking sounds he slipped his index finger inside, as far as it could go and with a hard voice whispered, “fuck yourself.”
“Mummy, really, I’m..” John began to argue but Sherlock cut him off by placing a hand on his shoulder.
John thought then cleared his throat picking his words carefully. "Hard to say really." Sherlock reached over and placed a hand on John's knee. John found himself thankful of the pleasant weight and took a deep breath before continuing. "When I signed up in '04 I was unattached. Signed up for four years. Once I got to Kandahar, and was asked to serve the remainder of my time in Afghanistan, I agreed readily. Better pay, and it gave me a sense of purpose. I was intending on reenlisting for another four years... but with Sherlock in my life..." John enveloped Sherlock's hand with his own and squeezed it tight. "Now I'd rather just come home."
“Sherlock, of course I’m not going to leave you here. Do you really think I would do that to you?” John took Sherlock’s head in his hands and held him close, forcing the taller man to look down at him.
Sherlock practically whined as he went back to sucking a mark to John's left collarbone. “I promise I’ll be quick! I also promise to be quiet this time.”
I still don't know why I let you and Mycroft talk me into visiting my parents for the weekend. It's only my first night here and things are already pure torture. Ignoring the fact that I'm being forced to take part in the organisation and decor for mummy’s party, Mycroft has already let it
In case you decide that this is our last letter for a while… I should tell you; I care about you, Sherlock. More than I know how to express over paper. Some things are best said face to face… so I hope it is sufficient enough when I say, I've never felt this way before. About anyone. And we haven't even met in person. There is so much about your life I want to know, but again, some things are best said face to face.
“Mm yes, I'm alright. I'll prove it to you in just a moment.” John gently pulled himself out of Sherlock's grip and stepped out of the bathroom. Reaching his jacket John was about to pull the items out of one of the pockets before he again remembered the cameras. Deciding he didn’t want Mycroft showing up mid coupling, he picked up the coat and took it with him to the bedroom. In the bedroom he found, a still naked, Sherlock draping his used towel over what appeared to be a stack of books in the corner of the room.
“John! God, harder!” Sherlock whined and the table rocked beneath him as Sherlock used it to push himself back against John. “Shiiitt… yes… fuck, like that!” Sherlock threw his head back and let out a log, low moan.
At that point he rather got the hint that I was dismissing him, but before going he took it upon himself to inform me that you had somehow managed to get ahold of one of your old contacts (homeless network, I believe he said,) and was found in your room nearly overdosed from cocaine. It took every ounce of my strength, Sherlock, not to let my anger show. I wanted to punch my desk, punch your brother, maybe even strangle him… but I just blinked. Your
“Speaking of idiots, I’ve been a royal idiot. Please, call me John. None of this “Captain” thing… unless you’re into that sort of thing. Even here, unless we have company, I'm hardly called Captain. While on the topic of names; no you git I wasn't showcasing my stupidity, that was just my sarcastic way of saying I hate my middle name. You may, however, guess it. Three guesses per a letter should keep you busy, I think”.
You… You made your brother bloody RECITE my letter to you? The one he destroyed? Bloody hell, Sherlock, he must have wanted to die! I can picture it now, a sour look on his red face, that one wisp of hair falling into his face out of frustration. Please tell me he sputtered and got flustered during the middle part, the part where I rather graphically described what I would like to do with you. Sherlock, words cannot express how proud of you I am. Also, I’ll tell you about my tattoo’s when I find out what colour your eyes are. Fair is far, after all, and a man has to have some secrets. Or so I’ve been told. Until then, you’ll have to do your best to survive, because I don’t think my heart could take losing you.
Sherlock walked into the flat around 2, exhausted but exhilarated. He’d just help solve a week old murder by a scrap of fabric and a cigarette butt. He hung his coat up on the back of the door and smiled at the form of his sleeping husband. John had his feet up on the coffee table, and a pillow behind his head, in his left hand was his mobile. Feeling slightly guilty for not texting more he walked over to John and kissed the top of his head.
“Babe, I just wanted to let you know that if anyone tries to flirt with me, I would proudly let them know that I’m in a very committed and loving relationship.” I’m sorry, John… but if someone flirted with me, I would assume the worst. I would assume that they were a serial killer, or something of the sort, and flirt back to try to get more information. Would probably go as far as to pocket my ring.
John's watched beeped, and they both sighed. The night before they'd agreed on setting an alarm for 7am, but now they found they didn't want to move. Instead they gazed sleepily at each other and began exchanging slow kisses.
“I'll just be…under here, if you need me.” With that John dove under the blankets and, still on his side next to Sherlock, rested his head on Sherlock's lower abdomen. He slicked up his left hand then positioned it between Sherlock's legs and simultaneously touched his lips to Sherlock's cock while his left index finger began to circle around Sherlock's hole.
They both finished washing themselves, John managing to rinse off just as the last of the hot water gave out. Laughing they turned the taps off and each reached for a towel. John wrapped his towel around his hips then stepped over to Sherlock, who was attempting to dry off his back. John wrapped his arms around his husband in a tight embrace and sighed.
The cool air from his walk into the bathroom had left him slightly cold so John wasted no time in flopping back onto the bed. With a broad grin he burrowed back under the blankets and was just about to hand the flannel over to Sherlock when the he pulled it out of John's hands and tossed it aside.
“He was held captive, for two months he was tortured,” Something inside Mycroft died as Sherlock’s whole body tensed and he stopped pacing to stare blankly at the package.
Also, the artwork (manip) was made by http://watsonsdick.tumblr.com/post/41022296012/halianfromplanetzork-sherlock-found-some and we were graciously granted permission to use it here.
I wish I could say more, reassure you that everything will be alright, but I’m scared, Sherlock. For myself, and for you.
One year, John….Who would have thought we’d make it this far? Hell, who would have thought that I’d go this long talking to the same person for this long. So much has happened since our first correspondence. John, we’re married now, happily married at that.
Also you told me to stay in earshot of a nurse on the 12th of July? Why the twelfth? What’s going on? Is it important? Why should I be available? Do I want to be available? I don’t like surprises John. I demand that you tell me what is going on.
I am convinced that one of the qualifications to work in such an establishment as the one I am currently being held captive in, is exceptionally low intelligence. If I ever wanted to end the torment which is my life right now, all I would have to do is climb to the top of these morons egos and jump down to their IQ. I presented them with irrefutable evidence that supported Dr. Benson’s innocence, yet they refused to look into the matter. Apparently the “ramblings of a drug addict” overshadow the obvious truth. It’s an absolute testament to the population that a person's lifestyle has any bearing on what are clearly the facts. If I believed it would do any good, I would break into one of the physicians offices and email Mycroft my findings. However, the misfortunes of the common man disinterest someone such as himself. Also, I am positive that if I were to violate my “no electronics” rule, brother dear would have my stay here extended to an unimaginable length of time.
“Language, Sherlock. Really, you’ll watch that tongue young man.” She rounded on Mycroft and pointed a finger in his face. “And, you… you will not put cameras, or anything else you can use to spy on him, in your little brother’s room. Do you hear me?”
Since the very first letter, since you made me laugh with “Dear Soldier” and the snark that filled that first page… oh, my love… I've been hooked.  You might be the one in rehab, but I am the addict. I have been bed bound for three days, and I have spent those three days poring over your letters, and there is no denying that I fell for you early on. Not because you were a patient, someone to repair. But because… well, you were
"C-captain." Sherlock sobbed out as he completely gave himself over to his husband. Somehow, John had known just how much he'd wanted to see Captain Watson-
“Apparently,” John sobbed out, having to wipe snot away with the back of his hand and Sherlock squeezed him tighter. They stood like that, both men crying for a few minutes before John turned and buried his head against Sherlock’s chest and linking his hands together behind Sherlock’s back.
Before I go, I was just wondering something. Will you still have time off come mid April? I ask, because if so I do wish to come out and visit you. I should know, by then, if I’ve been accepted or not. And I believe that telling you in person would be a far greater experience than telling you via an e-mail. I understand that you may not know yet, but all I ask is you let me know as soon as you can.
“Sherlock?” John broke the silence first, whispering Sherlock's name while tightening his grip on him.
“I will, Mummy. I swear. I do love him. I love him more than the air I breathe, more than science, more than learning how long it takes for a severed thumb to clot.”
“Mmm.” Sherlock agreed, letting out a satisfied sigh, “Here, hold these,” he handed John both glasses of wine as he placed their dirty dishes back in the basket and pulled out a container of little round balls. Upon further inspection they turned out to be balls of strawberry filled cake covered in frosting.
Once I'm in my new station, Sherlock, I'll be granted leave every two months or so. It's set up as a long term deployment, so I'll be allowed certain privileges. One being four days to a week off every two months. I'm not allowed to travel far from base during those days off, but there is nothing in the rules about having someone come here. Sherlock, would you spend my first leave with me? You could spend all of them with me, I wouldn't mind, but I need to see you. I need you here with me as much as I think you need it. I want to show you how very much alive I am. And Christ, we need to talk face to face before I spill my heart out on paper.
“Let me get you and your date a table.” Angelo exclaimed and grinned when John put in, “Husband, actually.”
The room was still barren of any people when Sherlock sauntered back out. Neither Mycroft or his father had reemerged from their outside excursion, Sherlock’s fingers twitched at the thought of being able to join them, and John was still wrapped up in whatever Mummy had him helping with. Peeking into the kitchen, Sherlock watched as his husband dashed about helping to prepare dinner. For a moment, Sherlock allowed himself to imagine future holidays, holidays where him and John had a place of their own to celebrate, just the two of them. Oh there would be a few celebrations where they would invite family and maybe some friends (John's friends obviously), but Sherlock would make sure they would be few and far between. He had been accused on numerous occasions of being selfish and a right prick. Maybe he was, especially when it came it John, however he had a feeling John wouldn't mind that much.
“John…” Sherlock sighed and rested his chin on the top of John’s head and sniffed. “I’ve already promised you, after having told you I don’t make promises I cannot keep. I will stay clean until the day you die.” He cleared his throat and pulled back a little so he could see John’s face, “as long as you don’t love anyone other than me.”
. It would be so easy… just to pull Sherlock’s face forward. They’d talked about it. Both in letter and over the phone. However he couldn’t help but notice the fervor in which Sherlock acknowledged his tattoo, and if he was being honest with himself, it left him feeling rather chuffed. Just… Sherlock looking so pleased, and happy, meant more to him than he knew how to express. He smiled down fondly at the man before him and gently caressed his head, “Whatever you need, luv…”
I had a lot of fun writing this chapter, especially the bits concerning responses to John's obvious jealousy. Well obvious to us anyway. As always, let me know how you liked this one. What you enjoyed, what you didn't enjoy (if anything). Hearing from you guys really means a lot. I get excited to read your feedback (:
“Come on, let's eat. If you behave, I'll let you wear these.” John jangled the dogs tags around his neck and quickly stepped out of the bathroom, narrowly escaping from Sherlock who had licked his lips and made a lunge for the Captain.
“Our relationship developed rather quickly. From colleagues, to friends, to something more in a matter of weeks. It was never given a name, but I believe it was well known throughout university that Victor and I were an item. I had never truly given thought to my sexuality, but knew that if I were to end up in some sort of relationship, there was enough evidence to know it was to be with another male.”
I worry. Alright? While you're home worried about me getting shot at I'm here worried that you'll figure out that you're better off without me. But I'll try to stop, I promise.
“This weekend, Sherlock… has been the best of my life. Christ, I love you…” John placed on strong around the nape of Sherlock's neck and pulled him down for a needy kiss. “Take care of yourself. Yeah?”
They walked past Mrs Holmes who was just getting into her car, waved her off as she passed them on her way down the driveway, then took a right onto the country lane. John breathed in the sweet spring air, he watched the birds flit from branch to branch, he even picked a flower, a daisy, and stuck it behind his ear with a laugh. The fresh air was exactly what this doctor needed.
“Yes, well, that was then. Now I don’t.” John nodded and kissed Sherlock just as the car began pulling up to the “drop off” section of the airport. “I love you too, so much.”
“General Graham, sir, what can I do for you?” Sam Graham was one of those Generals that sat at a desk, in an air conditioned office, probably worked 9-5 and got to see his family every day. John had never met the man but had talked with him frequently as he got acclimated to his new position in Helmand.
Neither man slept much that night. They stayed up, heads on their pillows face each other, talking. They talked of nothing, and of everything. They talked of Sherlock’s plan once he started Uni, of what John’s expectations were for when he got back,  and they promised, with soft kisses and gentle touches, to keep in touch as often as possible.
“Sherlock, be nice.” John tutted and gave Sherlock’s leg a light smack. “Sorry, Mike, leave it to me to pick someone with an attitude.” He smiled at his friend, a bit apologetic, “We can’t stay long, sadly. I have to catch a flight in a few hours, but I wanted to say thank you in person. For everything, Mike.”
"Mm yes, best not torture your husband with your subpar clarinet playing." Sherlock chuckled, a deep rumbling sound that John could feel vibrating in his own chest.
“I had everything packed perfectly, all set to go, but you're worse than a toddler.” John rolled his eyes and began folding his clothes for the third time. “You could pack yourself, you know.”
“Perhaps. Just means we need practice. I’m free all night.” Sherlock grin reached from ear to ear, his smile so wide to creased the corners of his eyes.
New chapter had to be added via my phone so apologies if it ends up looking messed up. Once I can have access to my computer, I'll come back and touch it up if need be (:
Sherlock nodded in confirmation, eyes still focused on the singular envelop noticeable even in his peripheral. Nodding again, though mostly to himself than to John, Sherlock reached out and brought the envelop into the space between them. Keeping his focus on the almost offending object, Sherlock held it out for John to take.
Dipping his hand into the case he grabbed hold of the cream jumper John had first bought when he’d come back to England and held it up in the air, unfolding at least four shifts as he pulled it out.
Sherlock obeyed without thinking, his face was pressed against the cool wooden surface of the desk, his arse was jutting out in the air, and now he reached behind himself and pulled himself open with long fingers. John let out a needy moan and then there was the feeling of the thick head of his slicked up cock between his cheeks.
John barked a laugh and very unattractively wiped more snot from his nose. “Yeah, no. I won't,” he reached up on his tip-toes and kissed his husband. Sherlock’s hands worked their way up his back, long fingers danced their way over John’s neck until he was cupping John’s head at the base of his skull. Slow kisses eventually became heated and John’s fingers wandered. Sherlock licked and nipped at John’s bottom lip just as John’s hands grabbed at his arse and pulled their bodies close.
“Fine. Have it your way. My own personal furnace.” Sherlock muttered, and wiggled his body closer to John’s, gasping when he felt John’s cock begin to harden and push into the soft flesh just below his backside. Sherlock grinned and, feeling a bit bold, wiggled his arse up so John’s cock was nestled against the cleft of his arse.
“Precisely!” Sherlock nodded enthusiastically and snapped the laptop shut. “Rhodes sent someone into town to assess the situation at the hotel. He said he’d call when he knows anything.”  Sherlock huffed out another annoyed breath then stood. “Come on John, I’m starving. Get your coat. Is your mobile charged?”
“Shut up and have me now,” Sherlock growled impatiently, wiggling his bum again then settled himself on his shoulder and reached behind himself to lewdly spread his cheeks wide.
activities. Sherlock opened door after door, letting out frustrated noises with each one. Finally, when there were only four rooms left, he opened a plain looking wooden door and gave a happy cry.
“Mmm.” John took a sip of tea, regretted it, and placed the cup back down on the table, “to be honest though, I'm not sure they know exactly what happened. Mycroft and I didn't exactly have time to chat before we left. I wanted to get Sherlock here as soon as possible, in case the hospital came to their senses and demand he goes back. I'd rather him here if something goes wrong...”
I just wanted to inform everyone that I do not know a thing about bees, and all that I wrote came from internet research. I didn't write everything I learned, there were sooo many interesting facts that the letter would have been crazy long, so I highly encourage you guys to look some things up yourself :D (if you want obviously).
“Mm. It is, isn’t it?” Sherlock used the pretense of rubbing their noses together, to stuff a handful of snow down the back of John’s coat. John let out a surprised bark, then Sherlock was on the ground before he knew how he’d gotten there. John was above him, knee pressed into the tender flesh of his stomach, pinning Sherlock’s hands into the snow above his head. Sherlock saw in that moment, the Captain inside John. The man who could withstand war. Which meant… he could withstand a little more
“Right. Where were we?” John asked as he glanced down at his mostly unbuttoned shirt. “Ah yes…” he smirked at the camera and slowly finished unbuttoning his shirt. Sherlock did the same, then kicked off his trousers for good measure.
” Sherlock shouted again, this time bucking back against John, then rolling his hips forward simultaneously trying to fuck himself both on John’s cock and in John’s fist.
“True.” That baritone voice seemed to resonate inside the shower, making the air heavier. It put into one single word all their fears and concerns they hadn’t wanted to voice before. Both of them acknowledging that this was going to be hard for both of them. No matter how busy they might be.
“All thanks to you.” Sherlock returned the smile, then propped up his laptop on his desk, adjusting the lid so the camera got a clear view of his bed, then he settled down, feet facing the screen so he could see John. John did much the same, and after a bit of, ‘can you see me now,’ and ‘yeah, can you hear me fine,’ they both settled down and smiled softly at each other.
Sherlock listened as John began awkwardly expressing what was obviously going on in both their minds at the moment. Part of him wanted to truly believe what John was saying. However, there was still a small part of himself that kept going back to what he knew to be true about people.
“Of course he can come home.” Despite her back mostly being towards John, her smile did not go unmissed and John felt himself relax considerably. He’d been worried that she’d not want having a child back in the house, but instead she seemed secretly pleased at the very idea of Sherlock coming back to live with her.
I can’t help it. I miss your kisses,” John sighed, then ran his fingers lightly over Sherlock’s face, “I miss the way your skin feels.”
“Mmm, but a very specific one, short skirt, three inch heels, and that little pin on hat.” John chuckled and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Regulation and all. Better to bend you over and fuck you when you're already wearing a skirt.”
Dr Thompson was thorough. Thankfully John had been able to provide him with copies of their medical records from Afghanistan. After another cat scan each, they were both sitting side by side across from Thompson who sat at a desk going over everything on his computer.
John’s eyes fluttered shut again at Sherlock’s words, and his tongue shot out of his mouth, licking it’s way over his lips. Sherlock found himself desperately wishing he could bend down and suck that tongue into his mouth, but their position wouldn’t allow it, and he was too close to want to move again. When John tightened around him, his muscles beginning to convulse, and his toes curled where his feet were located at either side of Sherlock’s ears, Sherlock allowed himself to pick up speed just a little. His hand slid across John’s cock with familiarity now, brushing his thumb over the glands in such a way that John moaned and his brilliantly blue eyes shot open. John’s eyes were dark usually, sea blue which spoke of both the calm and the storm that lay behind his husband’s deceiving demeanor. However, when John was orgasming, his eyes were the color of a tropical sunset. Every shade of blue seemed to reflect in his eyes as Sherlock coaxed each ounce of pleasure from his body. It wasn’t until Sherlock’s hand was covered in warm sticky fluids, than did Sherlock finally allow himself to give in.
“What’s this?” Sherlock picked it up and read his mother’s handwriting. It was a list, a list of things she’d need for their wedding. He felt John’s hand on his knee as John leant closer to have a look. They both skimmed the list and smiled.
“Mmm.” Sherlock mumbled as his tongue slid down to lap at the underside of John’s balls, chuckling when John let out a string of soft curses. Sherlock took it as encouragement and gently sucked a testicle into his mouth, rolling it around over his tongue.
My nerves are killing me and I don’t wish to bore you with my ramblings, so I am going to put this letter aside and go tend to my work. I’m certain, that once I know you are home safe, I’ll be able to write something a bit more fitting of a grown man. Hell, I might even scrap this whole letter and start over. I love you, Sherlock, and I can’t wait to know that you’ve safely landed back home.
Sherlock smirked as he continued to click from one website to another, “Number one, wake up next to you. Number two, kiss you good morning. Number three, and so far my personal favorite, google places for us to get married.”
“If you don't knock that off, Sherlock, I'm going to have to you right here in the snow, on the side of the road.” John scraped his teeth over Sherlock’s throat before dragging himself to his feet then offering Sherlock a hand up. “Come on, are we finishing this walk, or going back?”
“A sock? How… thoughtful.” John pinched the sock between his thumb and index finger and held it away from his body.
“Pleasure to meet you, and yes, I do believe it was a breakout, despite what Moran is trying to say. Did you see the way the fence was pushed out? I crawled through it, and back in, and let me tell you getting back in wasn’t as easy. Tore a coat, I did.”
“I just got a bit of good news. Think I’ll go wake Sherlock up.” it wasn’t that he didn't want to tell her, he just wanted to tell Sherlock first. After everything they’d been through in the 24 hours, having a bit of good news to tell him was a fantastic feeling.
“Actually, I prefer him without pants. But you wouldn’t know anything about that.” Sherlock’s father stifled a snort and stood up.
“Mmm yeah. You left for a moment, left me rather… stuck.” John smiled faintly and wiggled his bum. “Mind palace?”
“Mm, well…it'll work itself out. Shouldn't be more than a few months before you can get a flat.” John kissed Sherlock's mop of curls then patted his side. “I know you just got comfortable, but I need the loo. And I dare say we both need a shower.” In that moment Sherlock's stomach decided to let out a rather loud growl, so John added, “And food. We both definitely required food, especially you, after those three orgasms.”
My love, I’m sorry you won't be happy over Christmas. If I could swoop in and save the day I would do so in a heartbeat. However, I do believe your brother would have me barred from entering good Old England if I did try. While he hasn’t bothered to interfere with our letters, I do believe he would be keen on stopping me visiting. I stay away only to make your life easier. But when the time is right, I’ll be there my love. I promise. While I still don’t know where I’m going come the new year, I do know that I’ve been assigned to that base for 2 years, then it appears I’ll be free of my mandatory service.  Had I met you before agreeing to this deployment… No, best not go there, I’ll make us both sad.
I do hope this letter finds you well. You mentioned a possible air strike, and the possibility of our correspondence being permanently cut short has me feeling slight discomfort.
“It’s small.” John breathed a sigh of relief. He didn’t mean the list, the list was in fact quite thorough. It was the wedding itself that would be small.
“Then hold my hand, you idiot.” John rolled his eyes and sighed. “Don’t make me push you into the snow and snog you right here.”
The texts stopped there but time didn’t. 10:30 pm became 11, 11 became 12. John dozed off around 12:15 when Doctor who changed over to something he honestly didn’t care about. He’d wake long enough to sleepily check his mobile here and there, but still, no new texts came.
“Loving. We joked that she was the ‘Base Mother’.” John laughed softly, few other civilians on base had children with them, some children were in hospital recovering, Afifah was always by their side, mothering them, holding their hand when they needed treatment. She loved her children.”
He made his way to Sherlock’s room and opened the door. The room was sparsely furnished, there was a desk, his wardrobe, a small table with a microscope on it, and Sherlock’s king sized bed. It was the walls, however, that really drew your attention. They were nearly completely covered with newspaper articles, here and there hits of blue wallpaper made themselves known. Some of the papers were old criminal cases that were never solved, these had words scribbled on them in Sherlock’s hand. Without even needing to read it, John knew that those were the ones Sherlock had found leads on. Others had headlines like, “Groundbreaking Discovery For The World of Science!” as well as a splattering of old rock band posters. It made John smile, it was so very… Sherlock.
“With all these muscles, I thought you were…” Sherlock hummed as he traced a finger over John’s bicep. He’d put on a close-fitting blue t-shirt that morning, and now his muscles rippled under it.
One of my mates got a care package today. His girlfriend sent him ripped copies of the new season of Doctor Who, so I've gotten to see more than just that Christmas Special we saw together. We’ve rigged up a sort of projector in the mess hall, kind of like how we used to watch movies back at my old base. We've all agreed to limit our viewing to one episode a week. So far we've watched two, and I've got to say I love this new Doctor. It's nice, having a bit of home here.
John's suit: http://www3.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/Martin+Freeman+Marvel+Studios+Black+Panther+42gG2ijW_Mcl.jpg
“Greedy whore, be patient.” John chided and gave Sherlock’s bottom a light slap right over the bite mark, making Sherlock groan. Despite his admonishment John spread Sherlock open wider and applied his whole mouth to the task. Riming was never his favorite, go to,
“It seems this time I’m the one leaving you.” Sherlock stepped close to John and bent down to press their foreheads together as he wrapped his arms around John’s body.
“You horny git…” John chuckled and shook his head. “Help me solve this, and maybe I’ll take you to bed.”
I won’t have a chance to check my email until I’m back, so I’m using this last opportunity to beg you not to fret. No matter what you’ll be fine. I know you, sweetheart, there is strength in you.
Somehow, knowing that you tried out “hamburger” in front of a nurse, made me choke on my food with laughter. Got a few odd looks in the mess hall this morning, and a few people wanted to know what was so funny. I think my mates believe me to be corresponding with a lover.
My brother occupies his own personal position in the British Government. He believes himself to be highly intimidating and prides himself on being part of certain sophisticated circles. I suppose his choice of accessories is used as extension and a reminder to others of such things. Also, I highly doubt your physical image is nothing short of impressive and on the socially accepted spectrum of attractiveness. In fact, I have no doubt of such a thing.
“Think we’ll finish your list?” Sherlock sat up and stretched, feeling sleepy both from the wine and having just spent twenty minutes being massaged by his husband.
“Good lad.” John kissed the spot he’d bitten and smiled at the mark. Sherlock would have a nice bruise to remember him by for a week or two. He replaced his finger, and added a second, scissoring his fingers inside Sherlock, and as promised, missed his prostate with each stroke while animalistically rutting against Sherlock’s left thigh. “Should I drag this out?” he wondered aloud, feeling the tightening in his groin warning him that if he didn’t stop or slow down he’d soon come. “Mmm? No, I think not,” he said in reply to one of Sherlock’s whines, “we do have a busy day ahead of us. It would be a shame to waste it here in the shower.”
much sex in one day. He was certain his muscles in his whole body would be burning tomorrow. But looking at his napping husband, curled up on his side with a halo of riotous curls, he smiled. It had been well worth it. Sherlock shifted in his sleep, rolling over on his back with one arm bent up under the pillow. He looked like a young Greek god, Persephone in male form, all alabaster skin framed with dark curls and rosy lips. He reached out and brushed a few curls from Sherlock’s face and whispered, “God, I’m going to miss you.” Sherlock’s lips parted and he sighed, leaning in slightly to John’s touch.
A request, where anything goes? Sounds dangerous. That being said. I'm in. And when I win, I already know what my request will be. And oh, how cute you'll look. ; ) Scared yet? If so, I'm sorry darling, it’s too late to back out now.
Exactly twenty minutes later John showed up at the east gate carrying a picnic basket that looked like it was straight out of a romance movie. He found Sherlock tossing a canvas bag into the back of a running jeep, then watched as he said something inaudible to the guard and gracefully leapt into the driver’s seat. Sherlock lifted his hand to his eyes, shielding them from the bright desert sun and glanced around, grinning and waving for John to hurry when he finally spotted his husband. He was about to hop out of the jeep to help John with the basket but stayed seated when John shook his head and said, “I’ve got it, Luv.” Once John placed the basket in the back seat he hopped up next to Sherlock.
With speed that neither of them knew that Sherlock possessed, the younger man was soon kneeling in front of the object of his desire, his focus completely on the unique branding decorating the space on John’s left hip. When Sherlock was first informed of John being in possession of some tattoos, a single honey bee accompanied with honeycomb clusters was not one of the possibilities that came up during his nightly contemplations. However, now Sherlock was sure that no other design would have made more sense.
John, I am struggling to find things to say. Not because nothing of interest has happened, because that would be untrue. (Mummy fired the cook yesterday once she found out that Meredith, the cook, had been saying rude things concerning my marriage to you. It was an ugly affair, I can’t recall the last time I’ve seen mummy so monstrous.) But everything I type up seems unimportant, not worth your while. I know your time is valuable, and I feel honoured that you spend what little free time you have corresponding with me, so I endeavour to find things of interest to mention.
John couldn't help but chuckle darkly at his lover. Sherlock was now rocking back and forth, grinding his arse so hard against his face that John's nose was beginning to hurt. Knowing he had only a few minutes until Sherlock completely lost control, John quickened his pace. He licked, sucked, nipped, assaulting Sherlock hole with every tricked he knew. Soon the tight ring of muscle loosened and John knew it was time.
First of all... THANK you to everyone who has encouraged me, supported me, and understood. Seriously... you guys are fucking awesome. I deleted that chapter, where I let you know what was going on, but I saved screenshots of all your comments. Because... jesus... you guys fucking rock. Seriously, pat yourself on the back. Instead of feeling guilty every time I stared at Google Doc, I took a chance and decided to power through my writers block but putting Dear John (partly) aside and writing the 30 day OTP Challenge. I'm a day behind in that, but I've been at work and driving family members around all day today. :-P
“My mobile…” grunting John propped himself up on his elbow, reached for the nightstand and pulled his mobile off the charger.
“Ahh well…” Rhodes gave them a lopsided grin and ran his fingers through his hair, “I keep my OR hat on.”
“You drive me crazy… make me feel like a teenager again.” John whispered softly as he grabbed the lube bottle from where it was discarded earlier. Sherlock let out a surprised yet please groan as John straddled Sherlock’s hip and squirted a zigzagged line of lube across Sherlock’s back.
“Yeah, ask him why he did it.” Sherlock grinned, “but record the audio for me. I want to hear him splutter over an answer.”
“Dull… and I’m keeping this.” Sherlock flopped down on the bed and snatched up John’s cream jumper and held it to his nose.
“Mmmm.” John rolled his head to the side and bunched up a pillow, propping his head up enough so he was able to see Sherlock. The look on his husband’s face made his heart flutter. Sherlock was on his knees straddling his thighs and he had a look of pure awe on his face. “Penny for your thoughts.”
“Brilliant idea, husband.” Sherlock winked at John, “You’re full of them today. I wonder what else you’ll think of.”
Write to me before you leave for Christmas? Write to me when you’re back. It won't be horrendous, Sherlock, I promise. You’ll be around family, and good food. Have some treacle tart for me, please? Warm it up first, close your eyes, and enjoy it for me, yeah? I wish I could call you right now. But the only phone in this part of the hospital is reserved for emergencies, and I don’t think my doctor would take kindly to me walking through base to my office just for a quick chat.
“Sherlock, were you sneaking around my medical records again?” Pretending to be mad John growled as he crawled onto the bed directly over Sherlock.
“My wife’s younger brother is a genius you see, but he's also a touch mad. Showed up to our 20th anniversary in a dress and heels. When questioned about it, he began lecturing us on how the Scots got it right, how men should be wearing kilts. Regulates the temperature of your scrotum, or some such nonsense.”
“Yeah.” Sherlock nodded and silently allowed John to fuss over his suit, pulling at the sleeves, fixing his collar and plucking a few invisible hairs from the fabric. Both men exchanged a sad look when the jet's engines turned on and John was the first to offer up a sad smile.
Sherlock… I don’t like that you’ve used again. I won't pretend I do. But I’m also not going to sit here and go “now tell me how you’re feeling, and why you did it.” because that won't fix anything. That said, I do want you to know that I am here for you. Even if you just need someone to vent or rant, or even bitch to. I consider you a friend, and I hope you feel the same. Yes, I am a doctor, and yes I am a Captain. But I was first John Watson, baby brother… youngest in the family, the kid who got away with everything because I knew who to suck up too. I hope that you can find some part of me to call, at the very least, friend.
You're in rehab? What for, exactly? I know you said drugs... And I don't mean to pry it's just, well, my sister is an alcoholic so I know the system quite well. I've seen rehab work well for some, but for others.... Well, I'm here if you need someone to vent too.
“Fine, then I’m taking this….” John hurried to Sherlock’s side of the wardrobe and pulled out Sherlock’s red dress shirt, the one he’d worn the day they got married. “And I’ll stuff it with a pillow. At least that version of you won't talk back to me.” he folded the shirt, and re-folded the shirts Sherlock had disturbed and placed it all in his case. “Now hurry up and shower. Don’t want you smelling like sex all day.”
“‘Mmm.” Sherlock nodded and hurried off to relieve the pressure that was becoming all consuming on his bladder..
Second, it is my sincerest hope that by sending this letter inside a book, the weight of the package doesn't slow this down. We have a rather impressive “take a book, leave a book” area in the mess tent, and I thought that you were peculiar enough to enjoy
Speaking of Jazz, I must say a personal thank you to Herbie Hancock for his funk/jazz. Without his music.... I would not be able to focus enough to write. Specifically this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbkqE4fpvdI
“Hmm well, I guess this weekend will be… hands on.” John managed a weak smile at his lame joke and noted with some reassurance how easily they fell into a comfortable silence. Had he time to think about their first meeting, he would have been worked about awkward moments and long silences. But now that he was here, walking down a snow covered road hand in hand with Sherlock, he found he couldn't be happier.
A small smirk couldn’t help but break through Sherlock’s defenses. “Well if me getting sun bleached is the least of our worries, I assure you that leaving this tent is low on my list of things to do,” the smirk grew into a smile as Sherlock remembered his previous visit, “and considering the towel incident of last visit I believe you to be amenable to that plan?”
Yes. Without sounding arrogant, it is on my orders that you were moved. While your brother was here, staring down his crooked honker at me, I called your doctor. (He wasn't too keen on that.) Wasn't she surprised to hear from me. I demanded to talk to whoever she reports to, and well, let's just say some changes have been made. I'll leave you to discover them for yourself.
“Uhh…” at a loss for what to say John simply gave Sherlock an encouraging, if not confused, smile and settled down more comfortably on the sofa. “Alright, sweetheart. I’ll admit I'm confused, and slightly worried… but… well, this seems important.”
It didn’t take long for John to feel that telltale tightening in his balls that came along with a warm tingling in his gut to tell him he was close. Not wanting the fun to be over so soon, but wishing to reward Sherlock for a job well done, John forcefully held Sherlock’s head still and slowly pulled out. As he slid free of the warmth of Sherlock’s mouth, a great gob of drool fell off of the tip of his cock and fell to the floor with an audible *Shlloop*
“Before I answer your question, you should have a look at this,” Mycroft said the words as if they physically hurt to say and handed over the sealed manila envelope, watching with a pained expression as his brother’s hands shook while accepting it.
“And how will Sherlock be doing that, exactly, John? From his... “ Mycroft began once he’d dabbed his chin with a napkin and made sure he hadn’t spat tea all over his laptop.
“Sherlock… Is… this okay?” he turned his head back the other way and buried his nose deep into Sherlock’s hair. “Because if so, might be nice to get out of some of these clothes. But, only if you want too.”
With his next hard thrust John bend his body of Sherlock’s back. Fully splayed out over Sherlock, he began nipping hard at the tender skin along the nape of Sherlock’s neck. The tabled creaked and scraped across the floor beneath them.
“Yeah, yeah you have.” John had to laugh, remember the first time they’d laid eyes on each other, with Sherlock wearing nothing but two towels and locking himself in his bedroom.
“I know, John, and I promise that I’m not trying to make you feel bad. I just, miss you. I do nothing all day, except worry.”
“Thank you.” John's shoulders relaxed a little and then his hands were cupping Sherlock's face and they were kissing. Sherlock let out a little whimper as John's fingers brushed against the shell of his ear and his tongue pushed its way into his mouth.
Here we are assuming that they've been emailing and just randomly chatting via phone up until this point. John is feeling lonely here, so he sits down to physically write a letter hoping it will quench some of that loneliness.
“I love you.” He kissed Sherlock's jaw then said it again, “I love you. And I’ll say it again and again until you believe me. Because I love you.”  John’s stomach chose that moment to let out a particularly loud growl and Sherlock grabbed hold of the distraction with every fiber of his being.
VERY slight mention of a possible trigger. John and Sherlock VERY briefly discuss the possibility that Victor had raped Sherlock. If this bothers you please skip down to the row of *********** we'll put a break there just so your eye can catch it and you don't have to read that bit.
I’m quite a bit younger than Harry, so I got the brunt of dad’s anger. Anger which was only made worse when I told him I wanted to stop playing rugby to focus on my studies. I knew the moment I noticed that my mother had given up, that I wanted to be a doctor, but dad wanted none of it. He wanted me to be a man, not some sissy doctor. I joined the military as a way to get away from home. Plus, they paid for my schooling. Not a bad deal, if you ask me. Never once thought I’d get shipped out though. Thought I’d get to stay home and work, if not in London, at least in England.
Last warning before I let you go read: This chapter will probably be live tweaked over the next few days as we notice something that needs to be changed. Nothing should change the story, just make the reading experience a bit smoother. However, if we do anything major, we will leave a comment here on this chapter, so just keep your eyes open for that. Though I don't expect that to happen. It'll mainly be wording and all that jazz.
Sherlock’s moans and grunts filled his tent, there was a puddle of drool on John’s pillow below Sherlock’s open mouth. The moans continued, each one sending a pulse straight to John’s groin. Precome beaded at the tip of his cock and he soon found himself gently thrusting his cockstand between Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
YES, all my fellow friends and followers I am back in the saddle! A lot has happened since I had the privilege to work on this piece with Tindo, and even FourCorners, a lot has changed too. Beginning of this year I ended up having to call a Crisis Center my home. I can't speak for everyone's experience, but such a thing was the best move I ever made concerning my mental health. Now, I'm not going to lie and say I wasn't unsure at first, because I was. You hear horror stories from some people or see Holywood depict the "scary mental health hallway" in movies...however with encouragement from my mum and after me asking maaaany questions to the woman on staff, I finally agreed. Spent about seven days there, got some new medication, met some amazing people both who worked the facility and who were there as patients. Now I'm on the long road to recovery. Mental illness is a real thing and I can say it kicks arse some days. I am here if anyone needs an ear though and I highly encourage any of you to reach out for help if you feel you need it. It really is worth it in the long run.
John was rough at first, to the point of pain even, but he only gave Sherlock what he knew he could handle. Sherlock submitting himself fully to John was a dangerous game they’d played before, and it came with their own silent set of little codes. If Sherlock were to tilt his head to the side and blink three times, John would know that he’d have enough and it was time to move on to something else. As for right now, Sherlock was humming happily and slurping loudly (seriously, loudly, and it didn’t help that everything echoed) away on John’s cock.
Any scathing retort was quickly cut from Mycroft’s lips upon the glare Mummy Holmes sent his way, most likely concerning the “protective measures” he had put forth concerning Sherlock’s new mobile. Instead he swallowed past his displeasure of the situation and fixed Sherlock with a stare of neutrality. “John’s number has already been added, you’ll find.” Mycroft then arched an eyebrow and nodded to the folder. “There’s more.”
“Top drawer on the left!” Sherlock shouted from his space on the bed. After a few moments, Sherlock decided that he had compiled all he could and shut everything down. Removing himself from the sanctity of blankets John and himself had complied, Sherlock strode over to the bathroom door still completely starkers. Casually, or as casually as one can look while fully naked, Sherlock leaned against the frame, making his home there. He then proceeded to watch John with intense eyes as his Captain began shaving. “You know, you didn't have to get so dressed up, John. I find that I rather enjoy the sight of you in
“Jesus Christ, never in my life…” John laughed, wondering how they’d managed to have so much sex without either of them getting sore, or chaffed.
.” John whispered, suddenly overcome with emotions. It seemed it was just now hitting him that he was
John pulled out and fell to his knees, wrapping his arms around Sherlock, holding him up as he gasped for breath.
“Yes, I do. But not in this context. Dick, cock, dong, knob, pecker… though I prefer the first two.” John tossed Sherlock’s sock back at him and snatched up Sherlock’s purple button up. “Hmm… as you have no room left in your bag, I think I’ll take this.”
Also, posting this a day early because tomorrow (Friday the 21st) is my birthday and I'll be out and about celebrating my 29th!)
John watched transfixed, unable to do anything, as Sherlock bore down on his cock. Taking it inch by inch without a single sign of discomfort on his face. It wasn't until Sherlock was fully seated on John that either of them dared let out their collectively held breaths.
Just then John's mobile rang. He glanced at the incoming number and immediately recognised it as his new CO. He cleared his throat and picked the mobile up off the table and, despite himself, sat up a bit straighter.
“What!?” John barked, grabbing the phone from Sherlock’s hand and reading the texts for himself. “What a fucker.”
“Jesus… you're so bloody hot, Sherlock. Look at you…” John mirrored Sherlock's movements, and while he didn't quite get as much pleasure from the nipple stimulating as Sherlock did, simply watching Sherlock was enough to make him utter a low, longing moan.
“Ele… e eleven sir! NO! Ah!” Sherlock realized his mistake too late, John’s hand replaced the crop for three more blows. “Nineteen!”
John will be going back soon, Sherlock will be in uni... I feel like that'll get boring fast. Should I kind of skip over some of it, or can you guys give me silly things to write about?
“Then please inform him there will be a dress code. I'd prefer only the women wearing dresses this time.” Sherlock smirked and his father laughed.
Your return address is in London, how is the old gal? I did my internship at St. Bart's before this. God do I miss the rain. Since arriving we've only seen rain once, and it only lasted for twenty minutes. But let me tell you, the smell of the desert after a rain, ah it is glorious! I wish I could bottle it up and save it.
Canting his hips forward he pushed in as deep as he could. His hands were on Sherlock’s arse, spreading them and guiding his movements. He started off slow, lifting Sherlock an inch or two, then lowering him, just enough to make Sherlock inhale deeply through his nose. Only once Sherlock was moaning and squeezing his legs around John, trying to gain control of the speed, did John snap his hips up at the very moment he lowered Sherlock.
“Maybe she will,” he said around a bite, eating the soggy bit first so he could enjoy the rest of his breakfast, “maybe she won't.”
“Mmm, have fun.” was Sherlock’s absent reply. John cast him a fond smile as he pocketed his mobile, wallet and keys.
There, I hope that will suffice in keeping you interested in my lowly self. I shall endeavour to learn more words for when you next grow bored with me.
“They do little else,” absently Sherlock got out of bed and began slowly dressing as if that would delay the inevitable.
Short chapter is short. Also, I had a whole other direction for this chapter, but Sherlock sort of took over? Sorry not sorry lol
Hello again, my love. I apologize if the tone of the letter has changed slightly. It is now another day for me. Last night as I sat writing, well, trying to think of what to write as my heart yearned for you, a few of my mates came round and invited me to an evening off base. Normally I would not have put your letter aide like that, but it had been ages since we've been allowed off base for anything recreational and I jumped at the chance. Still high off of your words, and achieving a rather nice buzz if I'm being honest, it was probably the best evening I've had in months.
“Mmm you too.” Sherlock yawned into his neck, practically melting into John’s arms as his body was finally allowed to succumb to sleep.
“Clothes. Off.” He growled, reaching out and beginning to untuck Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock stood still for a moment, wanting to let John undress him, but John just glared. He gave Sherlock his best “you’ll do what I’m asking and you’ll do it now” look and Sherlock licked his lips as he started undoing his belt. Before Sherlock had a chance to know what he was doing he was standing naked in their kitchen with Captain Watson-Holmes walking circles around him, inspecting him. He couldn’t tell from John’s expression if he approved of what he saw, but then John licked his lips and Sherlock stood a little taller, a little prouder.
“Later, maybe. He looked peckish on the flight, slept a lot and was nauseous when awake. I just... want to make sure. We didn't have the greatest doctor back in Afghanistan.” John yawned into his tea and pushed a sausage around on his plate with his fork. He'd woken at 5:30, despite only getting a few hours of sleep, and had immediately set about getting Sherlock an appointment with a proper doctor. Mrs Holmes had woken at 6 and had made breakfast while he sat at the small kitchen table chatting away on his mobile.
“Leave it to my brother, to sleep with a cop so he has someone to watch over me. Did he tell you about my little drug habit? Has he asked you to spy on me once my husband goes back to war? Did he offer you money?”
John growled as Sherlock’s muscles tightened around him and Sherlock let out a strangled cry. John’s arms were starting to burn, but he kept up the fast pace, now letting Sherlock help (as much as he could). Sherlock’s thighs were now in a vice-grip around him as he bounced up and down, grunting into his gag with each thrust of John’s cock. John was ruthless in his movements, using all his strength, moving Sherlock up and down like a ragdoll.
Also, because I like to give fair warning to the readers, if you thought the LAST chapter was amazing....well...*hehehe*
.” Sherlock flung himself dramatically from the bed and onto his feet and began haphazardly throwing things into his own bag. John did his best to ignore his theatrics, but when Sherlock began making a series of grunting noises he looked up to see Sherlock trying to stuff a pillow into his small bag.
John watched for a moment as Sherlock began sucking him off, but then he found he had to touch, had to feel Sherlock. He let one hand trail over Sherlock’s back and sides, then reached around to pinch two fingers over Sherlock’s nipple. Resulting in a loud moan and harder suction on his cock.
It’s been two weeks, and I miss you… Oh how I miss you, Sherlock. I thought I would be busy enough that my mind wouldn’t wander. While that is true, I didn't account for my heart. I miss you every moment of every day, and more so at night. Sleep is a luxury that I have had little of, thanks to my ever aching heart. And my new post is doing little to ease my pain, which is why I decided to sit down and write a physical letter. While I love the texting, and the near constant e-mailing, actually writing this makes me feel just that much more connected to you. Writing letters to each other is something I hope we never fully give up. Even when we’re old and grey.
“Outside. Stay here, I'll get our coats.” Sherlock dipped down, stole one tender, but short, kiss before disappearing. He returned moments later with their coats, scarves, and mittens. As he began putting on his coat John noticed something and his face broke into a broad smile.
Sherlock couldn’t hold back the moan that tore from his throat at John’s rough handling. His head flopped forward between his arms, the tail end of his moan skidding over his lips. He desperately wanted John to do that again. Finding that his vocal cords would not cooperate, he hoped that a high pitched whine and him thrusting backwards would convey his desires just as well.
. I just ask that you don't use any newly found knowledge until you're out of rehab. Also, there is no point in me explaining what will happen on the 12th, as unless I am very lucky, this letter won't get to you until after, or the day of. So just, trust me, yeah?
“Don’t you look handsome.” John grinned and tugged on the lapels of Sherlock’s suit. “Can’t wait to rip this off of you later.” He chuckled at his own forwardness then cleared his throat, “So, who’s driving?”
“Not quite.” Mycroft sneered as he pushed his way past Sherlock and into the kitchen, taking a seat at the table, eyeing the bacon with a predatory glare.
“Mmm? No, not uncomfortable.” John cast Sherlock a worried look then sighed. “Listen… Just tell me if things are too much. Jesus, I’ve had so many nights lying awake, listening to bombs go off in the distance, I guess I’ve had more reasons to come to terms with my feelings.”
“No fire. I just figured we could also stop at Tescos and get you some tea and jammy dodgers before you leave.”
“Why, by riding your cock, of course.” Sherlock gave John a wicked grin as he crawled over John’s body and shamelessly rutted his arse over John’s rather interested cock.
want to consume you. I want to kiss every inch of your perfect skin until I am all you can think about. I want to hold you so close that we can feel the beatings of each other's hearts. So close that you feel so loved and comfortable that you effortlessly drift off to sleep as I watch over you. Oh, Sherlock, how I want to consume you. I want to eat sleep and breathe you. I want you to be my waking thought, and the last thought I have each night. I want to belong to you just as much as you belong to me.
“Yes, several times. Apparently one of the new recruits, only been on base for a few months, a….”Rhodes looked down at a piece of paper, “Private Sanders S Mathiesen.”
Speaking of idiots, I’ve been a royal idiot. Please, call me John. None of this “Captain” thing… unless you’re into that sort of thing. Even here, unless we have company, I'm hardly called Captain. While on the topic of names; no you git I wasn't showcasing my stupidity, that was just my sarcastic way of saying I hate my middle name. You may, however, guess it. Three guesses per a letter should keep you busy, I think.
“Do not even bother finishing that question, John Watson-Holmes! Shut the hell up and fuck me. If we start now, taking refractory times into account, we’ll have just enough time to have sex in the kitchen, on the sofa, and in the bedroom before we’re both thoroughly spent. But not if you dilly dally!”
“Tea? God I need the caffeine. Your brother is a wanker,” John yawned and began moving in what he hoped to be the right direction, “had me up before the sun was awake. No warning. Nothing. Just a short call from one of his minions. Maybe some biscuits too. It's past lunch time for me… hardly slept or ate on the plane ‘cause I was so worried about you.”
IF a tag makes you uncomfortable, skip the chapter and say in the comments. “Couldn’t read because: your reason here” and blood and I will give you a short summary update as to what happened.
“If we must…” Sherlock grumbled and took three steps before coming to a full stop and turning on John with a feral look in his eyes. “John, swear to me you’re not going to leave me here.”
Funny story... This e-mail would be a page out my my own diary if it existed. with my BF gone for military training..... this is kinda my me pouring my heart out. :(
that he chased. Deeper and deeper, until John was moaning and his fingers were threaded through Sherlock’s thick curls. John let out another moan then pulled away, leaning in for one last lingering case before sitting up a bit straighter and looking around. Sherlock gave him a hurt look but John just smiled and shook his head.
“Just like this,” panted his husband, canting his hips so his cock slid against the hard muscle of John’s stomach. John nodded and together they moved as one until the shower was filled with their combined cries of ecstasy.
the sigh. John’s fingers began to tremble against Sherlock’s face and his kisses became short and needy, he pressed them wherever he could. Part of him knew that he was sobbing, that he was not acting like society says a man should act, but the rest of him didn’t fucking care. He had the love of his life in his hands, beneath his lips. He was not afraid, not one iota, to show how affected he was. He
I hope you all enjoy this final chapter and, once again, thank you so much for coming along with us on this wild and crazy ride lol
“Yes, he’s uh, better now, and well, he needs a place to stay. I’ll be able to help get him a flat in a few months, but until then…”
“Oh don’t stop on my account…” she chuckled when John (very quickly) rolled off of Sherlock and sat up. “Never had to worry about my boys trying to sneak girls into their rooms.” She mused, ignoring the way both men were awkwardly fixing their clothing, mainly their trousers. “Instead, with Sherlock here, I had to make sure he didn’t smuggle anything explosive or poisonous into his bedroom. All in the name of science, of course”
“Mmm, might be. Depends on how naughty you are.” John leaned into the touch and tried not to moan as Sherlock’s blunt nail gently caught the end of his chin.
All of that…is bull shit. But after hours of searching, and trying to figure out what the hell I wanted to say…This bit actually made me smile.
“Sherlock?” John paused on the threshold, suddenly panicking thinking that perhaps Sherlock had changed his mind. “What’s… are you? Uh… are you alright?” He moved back into the cottage and shut the door against the cold, remaining where he was until Sherlock shuddered and sank down on the sofa.
Sherlock truly took groaning to a new level with his dramatics, however proceeded to do as John asked of him. The blonde did his best not to show how pleased or smug he was by keep his focus on massaging his husbands feet. John had a feeling Sherlock could still read what was going through his head however, if the pursed lips and glare that were thrown his way were anything to go by.
, am I correct in assuming that it was your doing concerning the immediate upgrade in my living arraignments? Quite the new space I have. Higher count sheets, a writing desk for me to use when transcribing; a decent sized window that, even with the frosted windows and bar placement, lets in a considerable amount of sunlight. They also informed me that they were not able to acquire permission for unsupervised time, but hope that the hour a day to freely roam the courtyard was sufficient. I told them it was, as I would most likely not take advantage of that particular privilege as often as my others. I was also allowed access to reading materials. A very selective list of reading materials, however finally having something to stimulate my brain is a great welcome regardless.
Meanwhile John was busy pulling a large roast out of the fridge. It hasn't been here the last time he had cooked for Sherlock, so Mummy must have brought it with her yesterday. It was already marinating in something that smelled so delicious it made John's mouth water as he placed it on the counter.
Sherlock let out a whimper as the sensations threatened to overwhelm him. John's finger would circle around his hole, then disappear only to then have two fingers slide over his  perineum all the way to his balls before dipping back down to gently push against his anus. All while John licked and sucked at the head of Sherlock's cock. It was too much, but not enough. Sherlock didn't know whether he should whimper and beg for more, or  succumb to the desperate desire to come right then and there.
John was about to protest but his stomach chose just then to give an audible growl. So instead he bid goodbye to Mike and promised to stay in touch before letting Sherlock practically drag him back through the halls to the exit.
Sherlock hummed, kissed the top of John’s head, then turned back to his code. John reached a hand out to the nightstand and pulled his mobile off the charger.
John’s face hardened and Sherlock had to pull his eyes away from his husband, joining him in facing their attackers. John threw his arm out to the left behind Sherlock and keeping his right hand on the wheel sent three bullets in their attackers direction. The first fell short, but the second, Sherlock noted with satisfaction, came close enough to frighten the men into action, the third hit a man square in the shoulder.
? No, not using our room. But don’t worry, I put the lube in my pockets this morning.” Sherlock rolled his eyes as if John had just asked why the sun was yellow, and began undressing. “I do suggest we be quick about this, Mycroft clearly knows that something was up when he entered the kitchen. And while I don’t expect him to come looking for us, I’d rather not be missed.”
“Don’t move… this… is going to be a bit messy.” John’s voice was hoarse, he must have been shouting, and Sherlock hummed his consent. Happy to remain as he was for the time being. Slowly, John pulled his softening cock out of his husband and half cringed, half chuckled as lube and come leaked out of him and puddled on the carpet beneath him.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice, thick with sleep, rumbled out and he cracked one eye open. “I don’t want to spend our last full day together in doctors appointments. If I promise to go, in front of Mummy, will you let me go in a few days?”
Postscript: Please feel free to actually punch my brother when you have the privilege of seeing him again; I feel doing so might cause some intelligence to shake loose, which would be a huge improvement on his current attributes. Also, I thought it was regulation to refer to a person by their rank, not their salutation*. Again, feel free to punch my brother next you encounter him.
“Mostly,” Sherlock shrugged as if that part weren’t important now. “That took place three months ago. She’s pregnant, John, with Mathiesen’s child most likely.”
“First I’m cute… Now I’m adorable. Jesus, I do have a reputation, you know.” John screwed a fake scowl over his face then kissed Sherlock’s nose.
Upon the first contact of John’s tongue with his skin, Sherlock felt every neuron in his brain go offline. Granted he knew that complete shutdown was impossible without death, however he felt that the sensations he was currently experiencing with every swipe and suckle were as close as one could get to the actual experience of dying without actually doing so. Sherlock’s teeth practically embedded themselves within the delicate skin of his lips as he tried to hold back the small whimpers that threatened to escape. It wasn’t until John let loose his own sounds of euphoria, that Sherlock lost his own battle and allowed his own brand of elongated noises to escape.
Sherlock’s smirk in no way diminished during the entire conversation. He still wore it as he gracefully presented his backside to his husband, making sure to stuff one of the pillows under his protruding hip bones. Settling himself down onto the smooth fabric, Sherlock made sure to give his butt a nice wiggle as an emphasis of where he wanted John’s attention. He also knew just how much John loved his arse and loved to tease him now and then.
By the time he was fully seated inside Sherlock John was panting. He had one hand flat on Sherlock's lower back holding him down flat against the desk while the other was holding his shirt up in an attempt to keep it from getting lube stains all over the front.
That's when Sherlock noticed it. It was buried among the presents, well, more like set aside where it would obviously not get trampled and then unfortunately forgotten about. Springing up from the sofa, Sherlock scrambled across the room before falling to his knees before the litter of boxes and wrappings. Reaching forward, Sherlock wrapped his fingers around a dark leather case, his eyes lighting up as he cradled the object close to his chest. Shockingly, he had about forgotten about the gem that was currently resting in his arms, but now memories of him playing until the late hours of the morning came rushing back.
John released his as a sob, finally springing to action and reached out to take hold of Sherlock’s hips. Sherlock somehow, perhaps because he’d just had his own release, was a bit more composed. He moaned and chewed on his bottom lip when he gave his arse the first tentative wiggle.
“No wonder she left the children behind…God knows what the women are facing. Better to keep the kids behind where they are safe.” John had to pull a chair over and sat down heavily. “E-mail him back, ask if he has time to chat now, we’ll read the rest of his e-mail while we wait.”
“And some of those chocolate biscuits too!” Sherlock called after his mother as she moved down the hall, then flopped dramatically onto the bed.
“Spoilsport.” Sherlock muttered but stopped pouting when John shot him a look that meant “Bit not good.”
“Fuck…” John swore, he didn’t care if it was out loud, or in his head, all he cared about was Sherlock. Here. With him. In the same bloody room. He closed the space between them with a needy moan and clasped both hands on either side of Sherlock’s face, taking care not to tangle the metal casts on his fingers in Sherlock's hair.
“I need to think. There’s more going on than meets the eye. I feel like I could reach out and put a finger on it.”
“Good... “ John purred, licking a stirp up Sherlock’s neck and releasing his hand. “Place your hands flat on the table in front of you. Don’t you
My dear man, I hope this letter finds you well and happy. I hope this whole debacle hasn't left you low spirited. Would you please grant me your “one promise of the day” please… don't use. Let's just say, Mycroft will blame me, and then things could get difficult. The blame I can handle, losing you not so much. And, if you will grant me two promises, go easy on your brother. I need him whole when I’m finally able to get my hands on him.
“Wow, Civis look good on you, Captain.” Rhodes was a few years older than John, streaks of gray were visible in his too long for the military haircut.
The car was like the one that had taken him to the local base not long ago, if not the same. Sherlock stashed the case in the boot then climbed in beside John, immediately taking his hand and placing it on his lap.
As Sherlock deposited their meal onto the table graciously placed in front of the small sofa, he contemplated John’s question. Making an elaborate show of him thinking, Sherlock threw himself across the worn cushions, legs and arms spread as he fixed John with a rather sultry stare.
“Sherlock….” John whispered as his eyes roved down Sherlock’s arm. “In rehab… was it my fault you overdosed.”
“I am sure they have some sort of supply of condoms and lubricant. However, their supply of sexual stimulus may be quite lacking.”
“Mmm..” Sherlock grunted out seconds before collapsing on his side head resting on John's chest, one arm slung over John’s body, panting and twitching.
“Fuck you, Sherlock…” John growled into Sherlock’s ear and lowered his other hand to take Sherlock’s hips with both hands. He spread his legs, searching for traction on the slippery floor and slammed his cock hard into Sherlock. “Is that hard enough for you?”
“This… isn’t helping.” Sherlock muttered, cracking open an egg and awkwardly dropping it into the pan.
It is no simple task, consuming ones lover. But I suddenly find myself unable to think of anything else. I
“Oh? Is that the spot, darling? Right…” John pulled out only to slam back in, “here?” Sherlock’s smirk was soon wiped off his face as John began relentlessly manipulated their bodies together. With the threat of both of them slipping and falling on the shower floor, John refrained from any further teasing. With his teeth still pinching lightly at Sherlock's shoulder he gave his charge a direct order.
“Hurry up, get out and give me a hug before the car is forced to move.” John stepped out onto the pavement and met Sherlock at the boot of the car. Their embrace was crushing, but John didn’t care. He inhaled the scent of Sherlock for what might be the last time in a very long while and kissed Sherlock’s neck. The driver cleared his throat, clearly impatient to be moving on again, but they held their embrace for a bit longer. John finally pulled away, took off his coat and handed it to Sherlock with a sad smile.
I had a silly thought that maybe i should let you all know I’ve continued the series.  I don’t know if AO3 let you know that there was a sequel added to this universe.
The credits began rolling and John stared blankly at the screen, trying to comprehend what he'd just watched. The doctor had been unconscious most of the episode, only to wake up thanks to a cup of spilled tea and have his hand chopped off, just to have it regenerate. He turned to ask Sherlock what he'd thought, but his poor husband was asleep, the food coma having finally claimed him along with Mycroft. He looked rather cute, paper crown falling lopsidedly off his temple, lips parted as he breathed heavily against the pillow he'd placed on John's lap. He watched Sherlock sleep as Mummy, or Evelyn as he'd found out over dinner, and her husband discussed the show in hushed tones.
John’s remark seemed to snap Sherlock back into reality. Drawing his hand away like it had been burned, Sherlock hastened back to his position on the sofa. Instead of the provocative position from before, Sherlock occupied himself with unpacking their food and putting them onto the provided plates.
“I don't have a problem with it, do you, Sherlock?” John looked up at his husband who appeared to be absently staring down at the paper.
One last thing, before I go. You said you hopped I wasn't wasting my valuable time writing to you. So, if I may remind you, I wrote to you the moment my time off started, because I was anxious for it to be sent lest I sleep my whole free time away and miss sending it out. Ponder that, oh clever one. But if you wish this to be the last your hear from me simply don't reply.
“I can have tea any time, today’s my last day for spontaneous shagging.” Sherlock grinned and grabbed John’s arm, dragging him through the cottage to a dimly lit spare bedroom.
After being shooed off the sofa by Mycroft and Mummy, who wanted to watch the Queen, John and Sherlock wandered into the kitchen in search of some nibbles. Sherlock, upon entering the kitchen, gave an excited little squeak and rushed over to the table where a
“Quite the list so far.” John smiled then moaned as he stretched his body. “What are numbers four through six?”
“We’ll save these for intercourse, provided that’s the end goal for this evening.” Sherlock tossed the box of condoms on the nightstand and flopped back on the bed. “However, I happen to know that we’re both clean.”
“I’m sorry, was I interrupt something?” He gave the two of them a contemptuous smile then reached for his laptop. “Whatever it was, don’t let mummy know.” And with that he left, leaving John and Sherlock giggling together in the kitchen.
They walked through the base hand in hand. Sherlock found himself surprised at how lively the base was for such an early in the morning, but he soon lost interest when John's fingers tightened around his. He looked over at his husband and squeezed his hand in return when he saw the single tear streaking down his face.
So, there I was, one sunny (it is always sunny here, but not a good sunny) morning, sitting in my office minding my own business going over some medical reports, when in walks some posh bloke in a suit that has no right being in this godforsaken country. (Does he always have that gaudy gold pocket watch?) Before I have the chance to ask how I can help him, he just sits down across from me and stares. Finding myself more curious than annoyed at that early time in our meeting, I simply folded my hands under my chin and leaned forward over my desk and stared back.
The sun was just setting as they stepped out of the bathroom. John went to make them both tea, smiling when he opened the fridge and thankful that mummy had insisted on doing a light shopping for them. They settled in at the small table in the kitchen, picking at the leftovers and looking at the suits that hung on a hook just inside their bedroom.
“Or…” he pulled back with some difficulty and pressed a featherlight kiss to Sherlock’s jaw, “or bit by bit.” He placed another kiss to the underside of Sherlock’s chin. “So slowly….” this time his lips slid over Sherlock’s jaw, “that you feel like you might…” John placed his lips directly over Sherlock's, letting them brush together when he softly said, “explode.”
“Sherlock and I made the decision that it was better not to force him back in rehab. However, I think he’s smart enough to know that if he does anything… well… I think my disappointment will be enough to deter him. For now at least.” John grabbed a tray and placed five mugs on it and with Mummy’s help fixed five cups of tea for everyone, exactly how they liked it. “Thanks, for letting him stay with you. Think he needs a few months, to learn that he can be on his own and be okay.” John placed a kiss to Mrs. Holmes’ cheek and took three mugs out into the sitting room.
round Santa stuffing himself silly with cookies. While Mummy and Daddy had matching “I’ve been Nice,” and “I’ve been naughty,” jumpers. John joined in with mummy’s giggling as they all grouped together to pose for the picture. When all was said and done, the picture featured three happy adults (Mummy, Daddy, and John), one slightly amused adult (Sherlock), and one sulking toddler. (Mycroft).
If I thought Kandahar was a hell hole, Helmand is the devil’s lair. The buildings here are made out of little more than rocks, bricks, and mud and they are all the same exact shade of
“No, that’s because it’s in my wallet.” John smiled, leaned back and pressed a kiss to the underside of Sherlock’s chin.
"You're sure?" Sherlock broke the silence a few minutes later and seemed completely unbothered when John angrily growled out, "fuck off".
“Mmm that’s it… Come on, Sherlock! Harder! I want to hear you!” John tightened his fingers on Sherlock’s hips and helped him by pulling him back hard on his cock making Sherlock arch his back and cry out as John’s cock slammed into his prostate.
John closed his eye and smiled wide, a smile that touched his eyes and made Sherlock’s heart leap and his brain remember why he loved this man.
“I was hardly… oh god…. being bossy, John.” Sherlock groaned and flung his long arms out in front of him to brace himself against the other chair arm.
I've also added our beta reader, FourCornersHolmes as a coauthor in case she needs to edit my crap on the fly. I tend to not look back for errors when I'm in a time crunch, so she might have a lot of work to do on this chapter! Plus, she helped me out by actually WRITING some of this chapter for me because I literally have NO time and B is busy with school and can't more than just Sherlock's letters.
http://i-dont-shave-for-john-watson.tumblr.com/post/156335916510/this-is-being-uploaded-here-because-pictures   (THIS option might be easier for you if you are on your phone, but please don't feel like you have to like it or re-blog it or anything. We'd prefer to keep all your feedback here, as Blood doesn't have a tumblr and it would be hard for her to see)
“Doesn’t change the fact that you’re a bastard.” John moved Sherlock’s feet to the side and leaned forward, grabbing up the telly remote then went back to what he was doing after tossing the remote at Sherlock. “Find something Christmasy.”
“Rabbits. You two are worse than rabbits.” Mycroft tipped his face up towards the ceiling and groaned, making John and Sherlock laugh all that much harder.
“John…” Sherlock whimpered out before returning his tongue back into John's mouth. John made a noise that sounded like an agreement and picked up his pace. They fucked harder and faster than they had yet to do, both of them flashing the other a wild grin as the bed began to shift and hit against the wall. When Sherlock's grin faded and he let out a broken cry, John dipped a hand between their bodies and wrapped it around Sherlock's sensitive member.
Prompt 1: Person A wakes up before Person B and decides to make breakfast to surprise Person B with Breakfast in bed. Person B wakes up, and wraps their arms around Person A while A cooks.
“You don’t buy the internet, Mummy. You sign up for it. And yes, first thing after the holidays, I’ll call.” Sherlock stood and rolled his eyes, moving from the chair to the sofa where he plopped down beside John, whispering a soft, “Thank you,” as he placed a kiss to the side of John’s temple.
“Mmmm, I can do better than that…” John glanced from the windscreen over to his husband and smirked.
The bedroom was filled with the wet sounds of kisses, and the soft slap of skin on skin as John rocked up into each thrust. John's hands began sliding over Sherlock’s body, running over his back, reaching down to grab handfuls of arse before tickling their way over Sherlock's sides. It was all too much for Sherlock, who despite having just come ten minutes ago, found himself hard and dripping as John relentlessly thrust against his prostate.
“Touche.” Sherlock grinned and eyed the remnants of the cameras Mycroft had set up. “Uncle Rudy though… he can be…” he trailed off and waggled his eyebrows.
“Oi! Shoes!” John chastised Sherlock, who’s feet were now on top of their bed covers. “Do you know how many germs we’ve walked on today? Off.”
Sherlock barely noticed when John’s presence was once again surrounding him. He didn’t even notice when the gentle warmth of John’s hand came to rest upon his brow. All of his focus was upon the glaring sore completely out of place in his and John’s sanctuary. It was practically glaring, reminding Sherlock of horrendous realities and how everything could fall apart in a second.
If the chapter is something OTHER than a letter/email, please allow us extra time to get together and write the longer chapters. My schedule is literally the opposite of Blood's and we have maybe 3 hours a week to write together.
Sherlock continued to stroke the bee tattoo as he began rattling off questions pertaining to said tattoo. “Is this the tattoo you were telling me about? The one you received during your outing with your friends?”
Alssoooooooooooo with blood not writing, I want to do screenshots of texts again, but don't have her to bounce off of. Anyone know a website that'll let me make what appears to be iphone screenshots?
“Bastard…” John chuckled and continued rhythmically rubbing his fingers over the flesh on Sherlock’s feet.
I love you, Sherlock, and again, thank you for visiting me. It certainly was a Valentine’s day I’ll never forget.
They were soft, warm, moist, and oh so inviting. John could feel the perfect cupid's bow tentatively pressing against his lips. He could feel the quiver in that plush bottom lip. And oh… he could
“Come on, let’s get back to my tent. I have two months of cuddles to make up for.” John took Sherlock’s hand and pulled him out of the office.
“That sounds, like a wonderful plan. But, Sherlock... just listen to me for one minute. What we're about to do, well... some men don't like it. It can hurt. And while I will do everything in my power to make sure I don't hurt you, there is still the initial stretch. And that can be more than a little uncomfortable. We'll go at your pace, and if you tell me to stop, I'll stop. And if you end up not  liking it, then I'm fine with that." John peppered Sherlock's face with kisses as he spoke and ran his hands across Sherlock's arms and shoulders. "I don't require sex with you to be happy. Just this, cuddling. Christ just being able to touch you is a miracle, Sherlock." John sat up a fraction and looked down into Sherlock's pale blue eyes and waited for some sort of confirmation from Sherlock.
Next chapter might be a week out, for which I apologize, but I'll do the best I can with my work schedule, it being a holiday weekend this coming weekend, and family stuff. :) Expect a chapter early to mid next week :)
else. Just cuddles and kissing.” When Sherlock gave John a timid nod, the captain grinned and stood up.
Nervous John is nervous. He’s afraid his news will spark an itch to use again on Sherlock’s part. But, it only seemed logical that he would not be granted two major holidays off when there are hundreds of other military people wanting to see their families. He’s been spoiled thus far... but he’s at war.  Ltierally.
“Mmm, why do you think I was thrilled when we swapped our form of communication to mainly e-mails?” Sherlock smirked and eyed John out of the corner of his eye.
“Sherlock, I was told you’d be arriving today.” Mike Stamford looked up and smiled, apparently unbothered by Sherlock’s abrupt appearance in his office, “Enjoy your holiday?”
One other thing: I know nothing, and I mean NOTHING about weddings here in America OR in England... so I'm sorry if what I wrote is completely off. But hey, it works, right?
“Oh?” John huffed out a laugh and rolled onto his back, involuntarily flexing his hips as he stretched out under the blankets. “And how do you plan on doing that?”
“John, dear, how's your calligraphy?” Mrs. Holmes asked, not looking up from the card she was filling out.
He’s standing at the top of a very slippery slope. Gambling could be dangerous with such an attitude. I’m curious to see where he’s going to take me next. (Because I swear he writes himself.)
He’d heard nothing from Sherlock for roughly 45 minutes now and he told himself he wouldn’t worry for another 15 minutes. Next time, if there was a next time, he’d go with Sherlock to make sure that git stayed safe.
“Shhh.” John giggled, muffling Sherlock's moans with a kiss. “Haven't even touched you and you're already moaning like a whore.”
“Yes.” Sherlock whispered, his slips ghosting over John’s ears. “And please, spill your heart out on paper. I want to see it, I want to feel it, I want to taste it. Never hold back on me, John. I want all of you.”
Thank you all for the warm welcome back you gave Blood. I’m glad I managed to some what keep things together but I’m so glad she’s back.
“Looks like mummy will have to wait another week or two for that wedding of hers.” Sherlock sighed and leant his head against the headrest.
“Why you… a normal PC, a man who tried giving his baby brother a ticket for parking, and driving without a license? What makes you special?” He thought for a moment, then his eyes opened wide and he wrinkled his nose in disgust, “You’re sleeping with him!”
Opening the case, Sherlock was happy to see that the instrument had been taken great care of, even in his absence. Bringing himself up into a standing position, Sherlock brought the violin to its proper position before allowing the bow to begin its dance across the string. He wasn't sure what he was playing, merely letting the notes come to him and allowing them to escape.
from over. However, upon arriving at Sherlock’s parent's house he soon forgot to be worried when Mrs. Holmes immediately put them to work. John was tasked with calling the caterer to ensure everything was in order for the following day. Sherlock was dragged into the kitchen where he was made to help Mummy write out name tags for the seating arrangement.
“No, no help from you. You’re just like your mother. If I let you help with one word, the whole puzzle is done in five minutes. And where’s the fun in that?”
“And I’ll have a shave, I’d hate for you to have stubble burn all over your body.” John bumped his arm against Sherlock’s as they walked, both of them grinning and picking up speed. It was going to be a fun night, John could tell.
“Jesus you’re so fucking sexy…” John breathed as he took in the curve of Sherlock’s spine and how his curls were just starting to stick to the nape of his neck with sweat. “Can’t wait to have you on every inch of this flat… Downstairs, if Mrs. Hudson is out… I want you everywhere.”
"Oh, leave those on, Sherlock. I'm only going to pull them down enough to reveal that pale arse of yours." John walked over to Sherlock and grabbed the waistband of both Sherlock's trousers and pants and yanked them down. He only lowered them to the crook where thigh met arse and Sherlock gasped at how exposed it made him feel.
“I could take you now, fuck you against the shower wall. But that would be too easy. That’s what you want. You want me to take you now, punish you even, for what a prick you’ve been. Picking me up in a grocery store?” John hissed into Sherlock’s ear and let his teeth drag down from Sherlock’s ear to his neck.
“He could have been promised ‘a better life’ or something…” Sherlock’s voice sarcastic at the mention of a better life, “Maybe he was promised his own set of wives, helpless woman that would let him have their way with him because they don’t know any better. Maybe he was offered a job working for Hakim.” Sherlock let out a frustrated breath of air then settled his head back down on John’s chest.
“I wouldn’t? Really?” John cocked his eyebrow and gave Sherlock a light shove then grabbed his hand and began walking again. “So, this cottage? Is it family owned? It isn’t your parents house, is it?”
“Maybe? Guess you’ll have to find out.” John grinned down and captured Sherlock’s lips with his. Just as John’s tongue pushed its way into Sherlock’s mouth a voice called out from the cottage.
“Mmm, yes.” Sherlock's eyes sparkled with a mischievous glint before he began pulling John along again. “Not getting shy on me, are you?”
“John…” Sherlock buried his nose harder against Jonn neck and his whole body shook as he began to cry.
Sherlock took a moment to step deep into John’s personal space, his body bending forward until his cheek was resting right up against John’s. His warm breath ghosted over John’s still damp skin, enveloping John’s ear in a warm blanket before Sherlock’s baritone voice trickled down the nerve endings of the shorter man’s spine.
“I'm sorry? I must be missing something.” John looked around the room for context. It was Mr Holmes who spoke first.
“It was during my second year that a dramatic shift unexpectedly occurred. There was talk of a new student circulating, a foreigner. Apparently he was both extremely gifted in both the intellectual and physical departments. Considering it didn’t take much to impress the average individual, I found such gossip to be quite tedious. It wasn’t until the second half of that year that I realized there was some truth to the words I had been hearing.”
This chapter (email) is quite short, and for that I do apologize. Aside from school work, most of my time now is going to be consumed by psychological research (something I am quite excited about). However, I will do my best to not let my chapters become obsolete or lack luster. Even if they are shortish, you can be assured that they will still contain enough Sherlockian awesomeness (:
“John…I…I love you. I wanted to say it...before it’s too late.” Sherlock ran his fingers along John’s jaw, keeping his gaze completely locked with John’s. He needed John to know the full extent of his feelings, to understand how deep they ran. When John neither flinched or pulled away did Sherlock let himself finally relax.
John let out a low whistle and brought his eyes up to meet Sherlock’s, “You know, you’re quite good at this. Solving cases. It looks good on you, even if it makes the flat look like a disaster.” he chuckled softly and squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “I’m glad they’re safe now. Thank you for your help.”
Regarding your appearance… Sherlock Holmes! I’ve patiently waited over a month now! I’ve heard your voice, which is lovely… oh and your laugh. I haven’t been able to get that giggle out of my head. I think about it at the strangest times. Just yesterday, I was repairing some poor sod’s intestines (shrapnel damage) and I caught myself grinning from ear to ear as your giggle echoed through my memory. God, you make me smile. You’re infectious, Sherlock, yet I can’t seem to get enough. Every time I hear from you… I want more. I want to get on the phone, call Mike, and demand to talk to you just for the sake of hearing your voice.
This chapter is a bit early because I have to work 8 hours tomorrow on top of 2 hours of driving. I'm sure you don't mind that it's early though!
“Well, John, everything looks good on your end. Which is to be expected, it seems your body took the brunt of the damage rather than your head. How’s your hearing though? That close to two separate explosions…”
“Is this what you wanted?” John growled, mouth mere centimeters from Sherlock’s ear. “Wanted me to come humiliate you in a building full of people? Any one of them could walk in now, see you. See how turned on you are. I can
Something close to a whimper escaped Sherlock as he felt John’s teeth scrape down his throat. John shifted on the sofa, ensuring his hips stayed at least 6 inches away from Sherlock’s. John couldn’t help his physical reaction, but he could make sure that Sherlock wasn’t made uncomfortable by it. He fought the urge to grind his hips down, instead channeling that want into his lips, kissing every inch of exposed skin above Sherlock’s collar. When it appeared that Sherlock was truly unable to think, to the point where he just lay panting, jaw hanging open, eyes unblinking, John pushed himself back up into a sitting position and smiled.
“Mm, you’re correct. I’m not sorry.” Sherlock settled against John’s chest and pulled the blankets, which had been miraculously spared their bodily fluids, up around their bodies. “Earlier, when you said you could possibly want children. Why did you say that?”
“What are you doing?” John sat up and took in the sight of Sherlock, whose fingers were furiously typing away on a laptop. “Is that my laptop?”
Najmah was her friend, she came looking for Afifah a few weeks after she decided to live with us. She stayed as well, she knew where to find Afifah because she had gone back to collect her children… who,” John glanced at the report and frowned, “were not taken. They’re still on base.”
If any of the following tags bother you, please do not force yourself to read the chapter, instead leave a comment saying what bothered you and blood and I will give you an update on the more important things VIA COMMENTS. PLEASE DO NOT FORCE YOURSELF TO READ THIS IF IF IT BOTHERS YOU. I cannot stress that enough.
“Mmm. Never been good at taking direct orders. Something the army doesn't quite like.” John chuckled at the memory of his Drill Sergeant growing frustrated with his constant insubordination. “I demanded better living arrangements for Sherlock in rehab, and I have a friend who specializes in behavior, he teaches at Bart’s now. He agreed to be Sherlock’s doctor, and it was working. Did work. I think Sherlock just needed someone to show him a bit of… affection?” John shrugged again and turned to pull the kettle off the stove as it began to whistle.
“About eight o'clock, 7:50 am if you want to be specific”, Sherlock leaned over and retrieved John’s laptop back from the side of the bed, “Go shower and make breakfast. I’ll join you once I’ve finished up here.”
So because it is technically Wednesday in London and I'm feeling rather crappy, plus at the urging of a certain someone (you know who you are lady), I have decided to post our special chapter today. I really hope everyone loves this as much as we loved writing it!
“Food would be lovely, but I don’t think I’d be able to focus on a movie just yet. Shall we nibble on something and then get the awkward bit over with now? I mean, I did just snog you before we’ve even properly said hello. After walking in on you nearly naked.” John’s lips curled up in a smile as he remembered the sight, all pale skin, dark hair, and brilliant blue eyes, shell shocked at his appearance.
“More food?” John groaned, but dipped his finger into the frosting and despite his bursting stomach sucked his finger clean.
Seriously, everyone needs t thank Tindo because she was the one who reminded me. Otherwise, I would have just gone into tomorrow none the wiser. So bloody sorry about that everyone! Please forgive me!
All the air in John’s lungs was suddenly pushed from his chest as Sherlock collided with him, both their bodies toppling into the snow just off the side of the road. Sherlock allowed his body to firmly drape itself over the shorter man, their legs very much tangled together while Sherlock’s arms managed to pin John’s to the ground above their heads.
All it took was one swipe of John’s thumb over his leaking tip, and Sherlock was coming hard into the new-to-them carpet. Hands still holding his arse cheeks apart, face smushed into the carpet, his words were inaudible, but there was a plethora of them. Sounds like “Ohmmffuccki….. Mmmmfffppp….Jeessfffff…” followed by a long and drawn out “Jjjjooohhhhhhhnnnnnn….” filled the room as Sherlock’s muscles tightened around John’s cock. With one last thrus,t John’s fingers dug into Sherlock’s pale skin and he cried out as he filled his husband with his come.
Hmmm...what to say about this chapter. Sherlock just updating his darling husband on how he's doing after such an emotional rollercoaster. OH! And we get some surprise information!╰(✧∇✧╰)  Well, Sherlock gets some surprise information and it takes him for a loop lol
Friday is here so that means SHERLOCK'S LETTER HAS BEEN DELIVERED! :D I hope the wait was worth what I have for you today. Remember to keep an eye out for John's reply this Monday!
Without giving Sherlock any warning John wrapped his legs around Sherlock's lower body and twisted hard. Under a second later he was on top of Sherlock, grinning down at the man. Their hands were still locked together, buried under a few inches of soft snow. John placed on knee beside Sherlock's hip while leaving the other leg stretched out.
