“I’m sure you must be mistaken. Mrs Mills would never allow her charge to cast aspersions on her hostess!”
“No, Jo, I-” He steels himself against the very idea. ”No, I will go to Cas now and I will hear from him his motives.”
Fate --- NAMTAR: Fate, destiny in its evil aspect; pictured as a demon of the underworld, also a messenger and chief minister of Ereshkigal; a bringer of disease and pestilence.
“Okay, we’ll just have to find something else to do.”  She pulled him backwards by his hair so they both splashed down.  She wriggled to the surface and wound her arm around his and led him back towards the deep end.  “Come along, sweetie.”
Dean was singing softly to the music as Cas came back to consciousness.  He hummed sleepily and added his poor voice, “An inspiration is what you are to me.”
Coming back some twenty minutes later, the CD was still going, and his brother and friend were still dead to the world.  He yanked the door open just in time to hear
Dean ate grass in the hills with the gazelle and lurked with wild beasts at the water-holes; he had joy of the water with the herds of wild game.
Sam could feel Cas squinting at him, his eyes boring into his brain.  “You don’t care for chanting.”
“OJ,” Sam said, making a face over old, cold coffee.  “Anyway, do we really have time for a movie tonight, Dean?  It’s already kinda late, and you wanted to leave by six.”
Dean rolled his eyes.  “I’m not boyfriend material, you know.”  He drained his drink, as if to prove the point.
When Dean awakens, he has no very distinct memories of returning to this warm nest. Hidden behind the thick curtains, in his own bedchamber, smelling the heady mix of mahogany and lavender. He beleives at first that he dreamt it all.
“I missed you, too.”  Their hands rested on Dena’s slim hips, still but firm, content.  After a moment, Cas straightened.  “I’m distracting you.”
"Good god, why does everyone insist on calling me that?" the voice grumbled.  "My mother, so she claims, has been dead for three hundred years, and still it's 'The Witch's Daughter.'  Like I haven't got a bloody good evil reputation of my own."  She paused.  "Well, if you're not going to apologize, sot off."
“No, I’ll take it.”  Sam snatched at the duffel, and Dean accepted the cup like he was signing his brother’s death warrant.  “It’ll all be over before the doors even open.  It’s fine.  Go.”
“Yeah.  They had more to tell, but Dena made the decision to break up the camp to throw off any unwanted company.”
A few coded words of encouragement from the Fearless Leader ensured that they would all meet again in a few days’ time at the appointed place, though Charlie worried.  “Dena, is it wise to split the party?  If what Cas fears is true, would it not be better to keep close and troop north as one?”
Cas nodded.  “And in combination with my feelings on sex, I thought I had found a unified theory to explain everything that was … unique about me.  I asked Dr. Fuller if it was possible, and he- He was not quite helpful.”
He endeavours to avert his eyes, but Jo doesn’t miss the pinkness that creeps across his freckled countenance and how his eyes shine. “Cas came to see me?”
“The internet is a weird place.”  He shrugged. “Look, I’m sorry you saw … that.  Alistair is a fucking creep, but he pays my bills, y’know?”
He loosed his hold on him only to turn back to the stove.  He shut off the burner under the smoking pan. “Well, these are burnt,” he said, scraping the brittle, plasticized eggs down the garbage disposal.  “Worth it, though,” he grinned. “I’ll make you more.”
As he moves to leave, he finds his way blocked by Castiel. Dean looks to where he last saw the baron and marvels at his celerity.
“I literally will not eat it,” he insisted, standing before Dean and shoving the box into his hands.  “Please.”
“Motherfucker!  Goddamn it all to hell, son of a fucking bitch!  Dude!”  He must have been looking for the blanket he always kept on the floorboard in the back, but instead he draped himself in Cas’ giant trench.  “What the shit, dude, I’m an idiot!  I’m so sorry!  I’m just.  I’m just gonna suffocate myself right here, Jesus Christ on a crutch!”
Dean follows his gaze forward and his eyes fall upon a Doric temple, all in marble, as proud (if not as immense) as the Temple of Artemis of old. In echo of that ancient wonder, it bears the inscription “The Sun never looked on aught so grand.”
Dean marveled at the kitchen.  It occupied almost as much space as the sunken living room, with its heavy yet somehow elegant stone fireplace.  And this was a professional kitchen if ever Dean had seen one, with all stainless steel appliances, four gas burners and a griddle/grill component on the stove top, a massive hood.  It had two separate ovens plus an oversize microwave and a toaster oven half-hidden behind an impossibly complicated espresso machine.  “I guess I know where we’re having Thanksgiving this year, huh, Sam?”
The destiny was fulfilled which the father of the gods, Michael of the mountain, had decreed for Castiel: ‘In nether-earth the darkness will show him a light: of mankind, all that are known, none will leave a monument for generations to come to compare with his. The heroes, the wise men, like the new moon have their waxing and waning. Men will say, "Who has ever ruled with might and with power like him?" As in the dark month, the month of shadows, so without him there is no light. O Castiel, this was the meaning of your dream. You were given the kingship, such was your destiny, everlasting life was not your destiny. Because of this do not be sad at heart, do not be grieved or oppressed; he has given you power to bind and to loose, to be the darkness and the light of mankind. He has given unexampled supremacy over the people, victory in battle from which no fugitive returns, in forays and assaults from which there is no going back. But do not abuse this power, deal justly with your servants in the palace, deal justly before the face of the Sun.'
“Dean! Thank God, I’ve been trying to reach you!”  Dean and Cas both glanced at their screens and the wavering bars struggling to maintain a connection.
The package from Rowena arrived on Friday.  It was waiting for him on the patio table when he got home, later than usual.  He was already feeling out-of-sorts, thanks to the contentious group meeting, which had of course run long, and now the spellwork he had finally put out of his head was staring him in the face.  A small cube, wrapped in brown paper, tied with twine, and addressed in a spidery script to “Castiel Edlund.” There was no postage.
Awful, salacious ones, dearest. I have several very scandalous ideas about Lord Novak and Mr Winchester.
“No. My mother’s maternal grandmother was a survivor.  I’m not afraid of writing about the Holocaust. I meant that they seemed rather light on symbolism.  In fact, I decided that
This will be the fourth and final annual trek from Lawrence to Stanford to drop Sam at school, with one minor change: a tag-along in the form of Sam’s new roommate.  The detour to Pontiac puts a small crimp in their travel plans, but they soon discover that a third wheel adds extra grip, greater stability.
Dean said, ‘Dear friend, the god to whom we are travelling is no wild bull, though his form is mysterious. That wild bull which you saw is Chuck the Protector; in our moment of peril he will take our hands. The one who gave water from his water-skin, that is your own god who cares for your good name, your Novak. United with him, together we will accomplish a work the fame of which will never die.'
He closed his eyes.  He was hungry, buzzed, still strung out from the morning’s panic attack, and the very attractive dude holding his hand wanted to love him.  His defenses were so low he could cry.  Hell, he’d already cried in front of Cas once today.  He really didn’t feel like fighting a battle he wanted to lose anyway.  He let out a long breath.  “Yeah okay,” he whispered.  His eyes flickered open and he hummed.  “You know, I can count on one hand the number of people I’ve accidentally said ‘I love you’ to.  And exactly one person has ever said it to me on accident.”  He turned his head and let himself look at Cas, let his eyes rake his pretty face, his wild hair, his bright, hopeful eyes.  He followed the lines of his neck, his throat, his shoulders, down his arm to the hand holding his own.  He had nice hands, large and soft and long-fingered.  Dean pressed his own thick, calloused hand around Cas’ and looked up into his face.  “Cas.” He smiled shyly.  “I love you.”
“Indeed so, brother. And worse said she of finding a lady of fortune who did not think to share her wealth with some less well-off member of the stronger sex! As if marriage be the duty of a woman of means, as if the woman exists only to enrich a man!” Jo’s frame actually shakes with rage at the slights heaped upon her freind.
“I’m fine.  I’m more than fine.  I’m-” He looked up then, and his eyes were wild.  Shining.  “We’re getting him back, Sam.  And I know just how we’re going to do it.”
Cas remained silent until Dean repeated the question.  “Um.  This disc moves from light to dark.  Mostly black and white.  But with flashes of color.  To be honest, I’m not sure how much of it is sensory and how much is imagination and memory.”
There Castiel dug a well before the setting sun. He went up the mountain and poured out fine meal on the ground and said, ‘O mountain, dwelling of the gods, bring me a favourable dream.' Then they took each other by the hand and lay down to sleep; and sleep that flows from the night lapped over them. Castiel dreamed, and at midnight sleep left him, and he told his dream to his friend. ‘Dean, what was it that woke me if you did not? My friend, I have dreamed a dream. Get up, look at the mountain precipice. The sleep that the gods sent me is broken. Ah, my friend, what a dream I have had! Terror and confusion; I seized hold of a wild bull in the wilderness. It bellowed and beat up the dust till the whole sky was dark, my arm was seized and my tongue bitten. I fell back on my knee; then someone refreshed me with water from his water-skin.'
By this time, the other students had begun arriving and choosing their own seats, but still no professor.  Castiel glanced around the room and noticed that some people had water bottles and snacks in front of them.  He had no snacks, but he did have some water left. He pulled the bottle out of his backpack- he would not want to rummage through the backpack during class.  He was still bent over, zipping the backpack shut, when a voice whispered behind him, “Hey man, can I steal a pen off ya?”
He hushed him with a soft look and a rough thumb over his lips.  “I’m just teasing, babe.  It’s fine.”
“Yeah, that’s true.  I dunno, I probably won’t get to it,” he shrugged.  “It’s not my best story anyway. It’ll be lucky to break the NYT Top Ten.”
“However,” and the atmosphere freezes once more, “you should know that I have also had a letter, though mine came yesterday.” His eyes drop from Dean’s face to his own empty hands. “From
“We don’t get along very well.  I never seem to understand his humor.  But maybe that’s because it’s usually directed at me.”  He mumbled the last bit.  “But I’d be happy to introduce you if we ever get the opportunity.  I’m sure you’d find it very helpful if the state AG was willing to take you under his wing.”
“Of course we did.”  Cas shifted.  “We can help, Dean.  You’ve seen the video reel: it won’t be easy or pleasant, but it can be done.”
Lucifer --- HUMBABA / HUWAWA: Also Huwawa; a guardian of the cedar forest who opposes Gilgamesh and is killed by him and Enkidu. A nature divinity, perhaps an Anatolian, Elamite, or Syrian god.
“It’s okay, Cas.”  Sam clapped Dean on the back, and Dean watched as he moved off to steal one of Charlie’s tissues.  Laughing somewhat more cheerfully this time, he stared at Cas.
Cas took his hand in his good one, and Dean only jumped a little.  “In the short time I have known you, I have trusted you with my doubts, my … fears.  With secrets I have hardly trusted myself to believe.  Things that my therapist, who has known me for years, has disregarded as unreasonable.  You, though.  You didn’t tell me I was mistaken.  Nor wrong.  You believed me.”
Dean clears his throat. “On my last visit to the village, I became acquainted with the delicate predicament of one of our favourite tenants. She has already such a houseful of children, and the midwife beleives that she should expect twins. She and her husband, a sturdy fellow and a good worker but for an injury last season that left him nearly incapable of earning his living, they have already given voice to the fear that one more child should quite ruin them, and here are two!” Dean grins as he approaches the good news of his tale. “There has been talk amongst us of Cas taking a male ward and entailing the family fortunes upon the child, that the four of us may all continue here in safety and comfort, whosoever should die first. You will understand this better than I, brother, with your head for the law.”
Michael of the mountain, the father of the gods, had decreed the destiny of Castiel. So Castiel dreamed and Dean said, 'The meaning of the dream is this. The father of the gods has given you kingship, such is your destiny, everlasting life is not your destiny. Because of this do not be sad at heart, do not be grieved or oppressed. He has given you power to bind and to loose, to be the darkness and the light of mankind. He has given you unexampled supremacy over the people, victory in battle from which no fugitive returns, in forays and assaults from which there is no going back. But do not abuse this power, deal justly with your servants in the palace, deal justly before Chuck.'
A metallic screech issued forth, and Dean nearly ejected the disc again, slapping at the controls.  “What the hell is that?”  He glanced to Sam in the rearview, be he hadn’t so much as stirred.
At this, Crowley outright laughed.  "Don't be stupid: fae don't have souls."  Her mirth died when she looked again at her visitor.  She leaned forward, peering intently.  "You're a changeling.  Fuck me, you're a BLOODY CHANGELING!"
“Precisely. The letters were delivered to Chevrolet and no further. The men who called at aunt Harville’s sought information on your whereabouts. If they enquired farther into … personal matters, that was beyond the scope of the mission and we will hold them to account.”
Dean combed his fingers backwards through Castiel’s hair.  Cas let his eyes drop closed but tried to maintain a neutral expression.  Dean’s hands were magical: Dean had only to stroke Cas’ hair or back or feet for him to melt.  Dean was not as easily satisfied by a back massage, but Cas made allowances to accommodate his needs.  Usually in the recording studio, but occasionally he surprised Dean with a more impromptu orgasm.
Sam pointed his eyes in Cas’ general direction.  “Maybe having me there is too much family togetherness, you know what I mean?  Maybe you need some time.  With your friend.”
) couch.  He had really wanted to get the house in order before bed, but he could feel his muscles twitching from exhaustion.  He loaded the last of the dishes into the dishwasher. That would have to suffice. He still had to go grocery shopping tomorrow, but that was really all he had to do.  His father would see him off to orientation before returning to Pontiac, and then Castiel would be all alone.
SHURRUPAK: Modern Fara, eighteen miles north-west of URUK; one of the oldest cities of Mesopotamia, and one of the five named by the Sumerians as having existed before the flood. The home of the hero of the flood story.
But sometimes he looked right into the camera, and the smile he gave at those moments sent a wave of warmth through Cas.  It was not so much a relaxing sensation – rather more energizing than calming – but any tension he felt melted away under that electric gaze.
As soon as Kevan and her mother were clear of the camp, Linda looked back.  “Finally.”  She grabbed her child by the arm and led her into the deep woods.  “The Queen and her party will undoubtedly come this way to further obscure their intention of going north.  We have to get off the main path.”
He grinned and pushed his forehead against Cas’.  If anyone but them noticed that his hands went under Cas’ ass to support him in the water, no one said a word about it.
“All of this means that Sam will be of the party, and we cannot prevent her noxious influence,” adds Jo emphatically.
Cas leaned forward, knuckles white against the tabletop, his eyes bright for the first time in, well, in a long time.  “What if we could make him want to be found?”
“That’s a week away - you’ll be home tomorrow.”  Castiel tried not to feel guilty for pulling him away from his work, knowing full well that Carver Edlund had been phoning it in for a decade.
Castiel woke early so he could mentally and physically prepare himself for the first day.  He showered, dressed, put on a pot of coffee, ate some cereal. He flipped open his planner and read over his schedule:
Castiel washed out his long locks and cleaned his weapons; he flung back his hair from his shoulders; he threw off his stained clothes and changed them for new. He put on his royal robes and made them fast. When Castiel had put on the crown, glorious Meg lifted her eyes, seeing the beauty of Castiel. She said, ‘Come to me Castiel, and be my bridegroom; grant me seed of your body, let me be your bride and you shall be my husband. I will harness for you a chariot of lapis lazuli and of gold, with wheels of gold and horns of copper; and you shall have mighty demons of the storm for draft mules. When you enter our house in the fragrance of cedar-wood, threshold and throne will kiss your feet. Kings, rulers, and princes will bow down before you; they shall bring you tribute from the mountains and the plain. Your ewes shall drop twins and your goats triplets; your pack-ass shall outrun mules; your oxen shall have no rivals, and your chariot horses shall be famous far-off for their swiftness.'
Cas was left to wonder once again if Dean regretted their acquaintance.  He worried that he was just an annoying neighbor, in class and in real life.
Kevan couldn’t sleep.  She recognized the sleeping arrangements as a preventive measure.  Her heart ached.  She couldn’t leave Charlie, couldn’t abandon camp a second time, not without extreme repercussions.  Assuming their plan worked and she saved Sam and everything returned to the way it had been, would she be allowed to return?  Would she be branded a deserter?
Mr and Miss Winchester have made themselves quite at home in the magnificent old house in Derbyshire. Lord Novak and his sister delight in their company, in their conversation and their diverse musical talents, in their noise and in their silences. Castiel is more satisfied in his choice of a partner than many a man in love with the fairer sex. Anna, though not partnered for the same sort of romantic love, has in Josephine an amiable and eager companion, a great-hearted girl of more spirit than taste. The additions of Miss Claire and Miss Emma, both fitted with the surnames of their fathers and handsomely elevated to all the privileges a ward of Lord Novak’s could hope to expect, quite complete the family circle.
Crowley sneered.  "Like that's worth a hill of magic beans," she muttered, pouring another drink.  "Listen, dear, they've got her so turned around, she wouldn't remember her own name if they didn't want her to.  Let alone you.  It's not worth the aggravation, pet.  Find a new mate."
He continued towards Sam at the other end of the room, trapped between Jody and Mrs Tran.  Cas wondered why the one was addressed formally while the other was not, until he actually spoke to them.  Jody shook his hand, said she’d heard a lot about him, and complimented his looks.  He didn’t quite know how to react to that; he frowned and tilted his head in response.  Mrs Tran took one look at him and said, “You look smaller without that big coat,” and told him to refresh her drink.
Dena pursuing blind in the dark woods, soon lost in the unfamiliar terrain beyond the Summerlands border.  She could still feel the crunch of gravel under her knees as she collapsed at the crossroads, unable to discern their path, the burn at the back of her throat from screaming herself hoarse, calling her sister's name.  The woman in black extending her hand and helping Dena to her feet.  Where had she come from?  Disoriented, delirious, Dena could recall almost nothing she had said to her then, except "If the angels want her, she's as good as dead to you."  She knew not to accept help from the witch's daughter, but she couldn't watch her sister stolen away to an uncertain fate.  She demanded to trade places.  Surely they wanted the elder sister; there was some mistake.  If for a dark purpose, there was more darkness in Dena than in Sam.
“Not too far from Denver.  But I don’t see us leaving the state much before midnight.  We’ll want to detour around the city as much as possible.  Rush hour, you know.  You good to drive?”
“Wait, how did you know I-?” Cas starts to ask, but Dean’s gone.  He slowly makes his way to his usual seat at Rowena’s table.
He found a similar tier structure here, from token subscriptions for early access, to higher rates for shout-outs and participation in the process.  Her mid-range fees promised special Patronus-only proxy sessions and invitations to livestreams, and she also had an auction option. The highest bidder got whatever special magical object she had to offer that month; October bidders could win a pair of “lightly cursed” ruby earrings, as well as a book of charms that she claimed could mitigate the effects of the curse or even re-direct its power against the wearer’s enemies.  Towards the upper range, Castiel saw what he was looking for: one-on-one consultations. These came at a flat rate of $250, which, following his overzealous pledges to ImpalaASMR, would put a real strain on his finances.
Sam growled and shook his head in frustration.  “I’m supposed to be driving again in how many hours?”
“No one can blame you, nor Sam. Nor indeed that I have been out these two years with no proper ball; there can be no excuse for their behaviour, Dean. And I beg you to consider that I am a very different girl than the one who left for Bath last season.”
“We’ll have to remember that for next time,” but even as Cas said the words, his stomach fluttered.  Would there ever be a next time?
Dena sent the girls away a few at a time.  Jody and Donna packed quickly and moved east first, followed by the Wayward Sisters a few moments later.  The Chamber’s Daughters pursued a more northerly path, while Kevan and her mother headed south.  A few of the doughtiest fighters picked their way through the woods running alongside the western foothills, with stern instruction not to cross the old riverbed that marked the beginning of the ancient border with the Summerlands, while a steady trickle travelled as stealthily as possible through the eastern trees.
(the ladies had, of course, devoured both novels, and so his gallantry is quite lost on them), he reads Miss Reeve’s first. Jo can only laugh.
He couldn't quite look Dean in the eye, but he said, "I suspect he thinks we, um, want to be alone. Together."
“Awesome.  Man after my own heart.”  He grinned and turned away.  “Sam, do me a favor and get the plates and forks.  And syrup.  And the butter.”  He busied himself in silence for some time, heating an antique cast-iron skillet too big for the burner, mixing up batter, laying out toppings.  Not in silence: he hummed while he worked.
“Hey, don’t drink all of that,” Dean scolded, his back to Cas as he jimmied the card reader to unlock the penthouse.  “If Sam’s wrong, ow,” he grunted as a small shock arced against his finger, “If he can’t take the sonofabitch down by himself, we’re gonna need the carbonation to defend ourselves against the- SHIT!”
MASHU: The word means 'twins' in the Akkadian language. A mountain with twin peaks into which the sun descends at nightfall and from which it returns at dawn. Sometimes thought of as Lebanon and Anti-Lebanon.
Dena shifted. “Well, yeah, okay. So I am.  The brewpot boiled over and I got distracted.  For a minute.”
Dean made a sweeping gesture with his hands to say, “Be my guest.”  He watched as Cas shuffled into a grey crewneck shirt and a fresh pair of jeans.  Maybe “fresh” was the wrong word.  Soft, yes; faded, definitely: they hadn’t been fresh since the Clinton administration.  Dean tried not to admire the way they hugged Cas’ ass, nor how low they hung on his hips.  Dean closed his eyes and tried to shake off the image of him shimmying into his shirt, only to find himself staring down a much more terrifying idea: what would it be like to wake up to this shambling mound of awesome every morning?
“Dena.”  Ash nodded.  She turned her face away, busying herself with some old maps on the table behind her.  “That’s Dena all over.  Which direction did she go?”
Castiel sat up abruptly without thinking, and slammed it against the underside of the table. He barely registered the pain, but he heard the guy behind him wince audibly.
“Okay.  I’m gonna ask Dean to pick you up a splint.  Just hold that still for another minute.”  He sent off a quick text.
“They are not yet bound for Derbyshire, but soon. He left this for you; I assume it to be some dull thing or other pertaining to the business of his quitting Garrison House.” She smiles, and Dean knows that she is privy to its contents, and they are no such thing.
“I’d like to speak to Ash before I decide.  Before I tell my mom.  If you think that would be okay.”
“Director’s!  Duh,” and shoved half a pancake into his maw.  “Ooh, drinks.”  He swallowed and asked, “OJ or coffee from this morning?”
“I don’t care.  Gimme.”  He held out a grabby claw as Dean approached with the box.  For all his impatience, though, he took tiny bites and chewed each one thoroughly.
Although when it came to hyper-organization, Dean was just as bad, if not worse. Suffice to say that Sam had never thought to color-code the kitchen cabinets. And then there was the time Dean had blown his top over the DVDs: "It's simple alphabetizing, Sam;
“Two gentlemen came to speak with our brother-in-law. Agents of Lucifer Morningstar. From what Sister could glean, he means to erase your claim to the Winchester fortune, such as it is, and at Sam’s behest!”
“Thank you, Jo,” says he, catching her fair hand in his and bestowing a light kiss upon it. ”Run along now, girl. Big brother has tedious matters of business to transact.”
Cas looked around then to find the bar full, every seat in the restaurant occupied.  The clock over the bar (“It’s 5:00 somewhere”) read a quarter past one.
Dean is not so much of a gambler and profligate scoundrel as he once was. The truth is, my dear, he is actually too good, to a fault. His generous nature and healthy ledger give him too much of confidence, and so he ends every month flirting with ruin and never quite succumbing. His limited funds always find a means of escaping, in the form of little presents to those he loves. Jo has always a new bonnet or a gown. Sam never wants for money, away at school. And Dean never scruples to send a guinea to Alex and the children, whenever he thinks his sister will accept it. But most of his monthly allowance he puts into the hands of a respectable woman who runs a small school in the south. This lucre pays to keep a young girl (can you guess?) in pin money and clean new gowns. His daughter.
“The gardener informs me that the oranges are nearly ripe. Just another day or so and we will see the orangerie at its fullest flush. If we can persuade him to come here, he will not look so favorably upon returning with a caravan. He will take his daughter home with him directly. And it will not look well to bring the- to bring his daughter’s- to bring Sam back to La Cage.”
Cas had gotten as far as sitting up on Dean’s side of the bed with his feet on the floor and the heels of his hands digging into his eyes.  His phone lay face down in the middle of the other bed.
“Yes.”  He paused a moment, lost in glassy green eyes.  “I either need to keep you or find a new therapist.”
Dearest Alethea, you have found my secret note; you are a clever girl! I have enclosed the full story here, separately from the main letter, on the assumption that my plainer missive will certainly fall into the hands of some one or other of your sisters.
“As I am heiress to La Cage after my father, I wonder, Miss Winchester, if you would accept a portion of my dowry to be added to your own.”
“Hey friends.  It’s Dean.” He was standing in front of the camera at an unusual angle.  “I have Cas here with me today,” he said, stepping aside to reveal the reason for this odd setup.  Cas, seated a few feet away, waved. Dean’s face filled the screen again. He bobbed back and forth, whispering into each head of the microphone in turn.   “It’s finals week, and we all need some time. To unwind. So we don’t lose our minds. This is our last semester, me and Cas. We can’t study anymore. Senioritis.  So we wanted to do this video, to help y’all relax. Even if it’s too late for us to save ourselves. From procrastination. We’re doing something a little different,” he murmured.  “I have a bunch of microphones rigged up on Cas, and I have these nifty things,” lifting his hands to reveal futuristic gloves with sensors arrayed along the fingers and palm, with a small battery pack attached at each wrist.  “ASMR Moondoor Queen got these for me as an early graduation gift. You should go check out her channel. She is doing amazing things with video production. Really awesome stuff. Tell her I sent you, and she’ll personally punch me in the arm for dragging her into my filthy little world.”  He winked. “Anyway. I’m going to give Cas a scalp massage, and you should be able to feel it like always. Maybe even better- let’s see if these gloves live up to the hype. Ready, Cas,” he asked, stepping out of the frame. Cas gave a thumbs up and an awkward smile.
“Yes, I had forgotten that,” Dean replies, chastened. “Perhaps he has, as well. I shall speak to him.”
Dean was up to change the disc before either of them spoke again.  “Did you want some popcorn or a drink or-?”
“I dunno, man.  Who else but you would have ever thought to use a surprise party as a summoning spell?  You really are full of surprises.”
“Your brother is trying to be kind,” speaking softly and angling him slightly away from Jess and Sam.
When Cas came out, he found Dean sitting at the foot of the bed, room dark except for the bedside lamp. He'd shed the pajama pants but still wore the shirt over his boxers. "Heya."
“Well, I was wondering- If the reading is accurate,” and he would have sworn her eyebrow arched at the
“Yes, god, it’s a yes!”  He watched as Dean wrestled the band from the box and wiggled it onto Cas’ finger.
Linda softened.  “Do you think Crowley will sell you to the miners?  Is that why you resist my idea?”
“Everyone.”  Dean lifts his one shoulder and looks away, and Cas definitely does not understand why someone like Dean Winchester should act shy.  “What can I have to say to a guy like that?”
He frowned, recognizing himself too acutely in the line “Never had any adventures or did anything unexpected.”  Was that a good thing or a bad thing? Certainly, one knew what his mother would do without bothering to ask - Naomi prided herself on being proper and respectable at all times, even if her husband was considerably more, hmm, capricious.  Heaven knows, Castiel tried to be more like his mother, but the messiness of his father’s influence always marred his efforts. At least in her eyes. Castiel couldn’t escape comparisons to Carver’s slovenly appearance, even when he presented himself in suit, tie, and overcoat, per her expectations.  He fingered the end of a blue silk tie, the one his mother said brought out the color of his eyes. He pulled at it roughly, and the whole tie rack fell into a pile at his feet. “Good,” he scowled.
“Very well, I shall attend to it after I have had my breakfast and we have determined when I am to be well enough to travel. Aunt Harville, I beleive I shall come down to breakfast this morning, if you do not think it unwise.”
Dearest Alethea, it has come to my attention that the story of Mr Winchester and Lord Novak is far from finished. However, it appears that there is other business in the neighbourhood of Milton which must draw our attention:
Very seriously, without a hint of innuendo, Cas said, “You’re welcome to be inside my clothes anytime you want.”
The four dance divinely, as befits heroes and heroines. In a most peculiar turn of events, however, the narrator must observe that Mr Winchester reserves his brightest smiles not for his fair partner, shining paragon of female virtue that she is, but for her handsome brother, he of sharp eyes and soft smiles.
“Need more, baby.  Need you.”  His ice had long since melted; he was now just mindlessly tweaking Cas' nipple with one hand and steadying himself against the floor with the other, trying not to fuck Cas' face.  Too hard.
The bunker lacked warmth. It lacked a certain fire.  It lacked a certain soul.  It used to feel like home, but it hadn’t felt like that in a long time, not since … well.
“Turn left out of the driveway,” Cas jumped in, pointing north.  “You can keep going straight on Walnut or turn onto Manlove.”
If Castiel went red, Dean went white.  “Oh you- Huh.” He thumped the steering wheel with his thumbs.  “Um, listen, I- uh.” He seemed to be having difficulty choosing the right words.  “Well, you know.” And that was the end of the conversation, apparently. He cranked the ignition.  “Do you like Zeppelin?” He didn’t wait for a response before flipping on the music.
Pulling himself upright, Cas scowled at the sun, his whole face scrunched up tight.  “Why’s it so bright?”
He opened the menu to the center and quickly found what he expected.  “We’re gonna want two cheeseburgers.”
He didn’t have to elaborate.  No doubt, the bunker was a different place these days.  It was as clean and tidy as ever.  Maybe not clean, Sam thought with a frown; the fine layer of dust clinging to every surface confirmed that.  But orderly, as Cas had once called it.  Orderly.  The library books always found their way back to their exact location, spines facing the right direction, and Cas spent hours smoothing his hands along the edge of the shelves, aligning the volumes flush with the wood below them.  A place for everything and everything in its place.
Dean laughed.  “Right?  Anyway.  The Mr Fusion composter?  I built one.  It works, too- the car is technically a hybrid, run very partially on organic vegetable matter!”  He held his thumb and index finger close together and cackled, ridiculously pleased with himself.
My dearest Alethea, I am afraid I have a most delicious idea for the lovers! Oh my sweet girl, what have I done? Perhaps it is too much, perhaps it ought not to be attempted. But my dear, I have been reading
“Yes.  I like watching videos.  But sex is messy and, I dont know, embarrassing?  I would be perfectly happy never to have sex again.”
“Breakfast for dinner, it is!”  Dean beamed.  “Three for pancakes?”  Everyone nodded.  He pointed at Castiel.  “With chocolate chips.  You do bacon, dude?”
Dean pulls Castiel to standing. He presses his chest flush against Castiel’s and kisses him again. His hands drop to Castiel’s waist, and the baron gasps. He says only, “Dean,” just once, as nimble fingers find their object. Dean does not scruple, does not hesitate; having decided that he will make this man his lover, he is relentless in his determination to give Castiel every pleasure he can afford him, in this stolen moment. He touches him, caresses, firm and eager, takes him in hand; kneels at his feet to kiss him and to please him. He looks up once to observe Castiel gazing down upon Dean with such expression in his eyes, lust and something more, want and need and a craving that Castiel could hardly hope to sate with such a man as Dean Winchester.
He feigns sleep, listening. He can hear the sounds of more fuel being added to the fire. Perhaps a maid- No, from the long stride and heavy footfalls, it must be a manservant in his chamber.
“Dean, calm yourself or you will find yourself back in bed!” She urges him to seat himself on the sofa before she will say another word further. ”There now. Dean. You are not yet well enough to-”
But there was a trapper who met him one day face to face at the drinking-hole, for the wild game had entered his territory. On three days he met him face to face, and the trapper was frozen with fear. He went back to his house with the game that he had caught, and he was dumb, benumbed with terror.
She was not ashamed to take him, she made herself naked and welcomed his eagerness; as he lay on her murmuring love she taught him the woman's art. For six days and seven nights they lay together, for Dean had forgotten his home in the hills; but when he was satisfied he went back to the wild beasts. Then, when the gazelle saw him, they bolted away; when the wild creatures saw him they fled. Dean would have followed, but his body was bound as though with a cord, his knees gave way when he started to run, his swiftness was gone. And now the wild creatures had all fled away; Dean was grown weak, for wisdom was in him, and the thoughts of a man were in his heart. So he returned and sat down at the woman's feet, and listened intently to what she said. ‘You are wise, Dean, and now you have become like a god. Why do you want to run wild with the beasts in the hills? Come with me. I will take you to strong-walled URUK, to the blessed temple of Meg and of ANU, of love and of heaven there Castiel lives, who is very strong, and like a wild bull he lords it over men.'
I have been unable to think of aught but these two beautiful gentlemen these two days together and now I must share with you the fruits of my pleasant labors. You will find the behaviour of the two gentlemen as I put it down here to be quite shocking, I am sure, which is certainly not my intent, no never! You know I could never be easy when I well know how your cheeks will go quite pink and you will gasp like anything! And yet, see what I have devised:
Dean gave her his best innocent grin as she walked off.  He turned it on Cas next and saw it reflected back tenfold.  It scared him how easy it was to sit and stare at Cas for minutes at a time, with nothing to say and no hope of looking away.  “Where were we?” he asked.
Lord Novak lets fall the brocade from his fingers and vanishes; indeed, by the time Dean can scramble across the mattress and leap through the curtain, he can find no trace of the baron, nor any indication that he had ever been there, save the roaring glow in the hearth.
Dena was never quite sure how the idyll of childhood had unraveled so quickly, so completely.   The young Queen and her friends had begun patrolling in earnest.  Sam was barely of age and deeply in love with Kevan, so no one thought to investigate the character of the girl from the Summerlands.
“Something pink?”  She clearly did not intend to cater to anyone’s bullshit.  “Last Mango in Paris okay?”
Another noise, this one more familiar, and she was on her feet.  Sam's sword from its scabbard.  Such a small sound, but unmistakable.  She could see nothing but blackness, but her ears told the tale: a scuffle near Sam's quarters!  She didn't remember finding a weapon, she didn't remember crossing the camp; how did the commotion not wake the others?  Her stomach in knots as Sam stood surrounded by unknown figures in strange attire.  Armor, but not like any she'd seen before: matte, unreflective despite the crisp moonlight and still even in the autumn breeze.  Get away from my sister, she must have shouted, leave this place!  Kevan appearing from nowhere, clutching at Sam's clothing, words exchanged; Sam shoving her to the dirt and striding into the darkness.  Ruby at the back of the train glancing back on their bewilderment, her gloating smile lit from below making her look every inch a demon.
His Lordship, for his part, does little to disabuse her audience. He is all smiles as well, though softer, yes; softer than the smiles he bestowed on Dean only this morning in the labyrinth, but smiles nonetheless.
Dean disengaged.  “No, babe, like, really sweating.  Here, take a drink.”  As he moved the cup, though, it sloshed.  “Wait.”  He pulled the top off and threw it aside.  “We do have water.”
Emboldened, he clicked through to ImpalaASMR’s adult channel. He wasn’t much for pornography (he was embarrassed enough about his penchant for ASMR, seeking feigned intimacy from a stranger online), but he had to know what the XXX AUDIO-ONLY vids were all about.
“Spell-making is really not so arcane as books would have us believe.  I probably write a new spell every month or so.  And I’m just learning.”  He glances at Dean, then flinches.  “What?”
Castiel spun the personal attention into a fantasy.  He let Dean tenderly, obliviously, pamper him until he came, Dean’s name on his lips.
On the other hand, if it worked.  Sam would come home.  Kevan would be a hero, sure; Mom liked that angle.  But she would happily make herself the villain if it meant having Sam at her side.  She felt like half of her was missing.  She had lived with the sorrow for almost ten years now and her grief had only intensified.
So the goddess conceived an image in her mind, and it was of the stuff of ANU of the firmament. She dipped her hands in water and pinched off clay, she let it fall in the wilderness, and noble Dean was created. There was virtue in him of the god of war, of Raphael himself. His body was rough, he had long hair like a woman's; it waved like the hair of Mary, the goddess of corn. His body was covered with matted hair like Sam's, the god of cattle. He was innocent of mankind; he knew nothing of the cultivated land.
As Dean trotted off and Sam busied himself with patching up Cas, Sam said, “You made quite an impression on him.”
“We’re ready to order,” Cas replied.  “He’ll have a Moons Over My Hammy with a side of bacon, and I’ll have the Rooty Tooty Fresh and Fruity with blueberry and eggs overeasy.”  He handed the server their menus, and she scooted away.
He found it a little strange to wrap his legs around Dean’s head.  Stranger still that Dean, who had been so nervous the night before, suddenly didn’t blink to help Cas onto his shoulders.  And if Cas could feel his skull through the swim trunks, what must Dean feel?  When the teammates swapped places, his suspicions were confirmed.  By this point, though, he had discovered that there were far more pressing concerns, like not drowning.  Or getting a faceful of water, which was practically the same thing.  Jess, in particular, looked like she should have been fatally plunged under the surface by Sam’s weight on her shoulders.
He canted his head towards Cas, just for a second before returning his eyes to the road.  “You asked me what was in Kansas.  There’s nothing.  Ghosts, maybe.”
From up the embankment, the two heard a sharp whistle.  "Come on, you two, let's go," urged Jo.  Hers was the only smiling face of those gathered on the road.
Dean stopped walking.  He stared at Castiel. “You’re- You are?”  He spluttered. “I mean, I didn’t know. I guess I hoped but.”  He chuckled, but he said nothing more.
Dean snorted, then broke, his head thrown back in laughter.  “Oh my god, Cas.” He stumbled away and braced his hands on his knees.  “Whoo!”
“Wait, Dean. I have written to Sam in the hopes that he will contradict all. You know our brother, and he would never- He would not leave us penniless and homeless, as well as freindless. It is a misunderstanding, that is all. As for the purpose of their visit, we are quite sure that they mean to expose the truth about your debts-
“We missed you,” Cas added bluntly.  “Not just us, but all of the people upstairs.  They’ll want to see you.”
“Hey, I get it; don’t let me tell you what to do,” Dean laughed.  “I’m the guy who drives two hours round-trip twice a week to see Dr Palmer at the hospital, because I can’t be fucked to explain my crazy to a new stranger.”
At 7, his laptop sang a chime he didn’t recognize, and a window opened, revealing a slim, haughty woman of indeterminable age, with impeccable - if ostentatious - eye makeup and cherry red lips.  “Hello, dearie, is this Clarence?”
Sam and Ruby, as she is soon called by all, even by the painfully formal Lord Novak, are loath to leave Elysium before they can see their new nephew and acquaint themselves with Emma and The Honourable Claire Novak. They write to Mr Morningstar to share the great good news and to excuse their delay in returning to Milton. Of course the news flies around the neighborhood on great black wings, to no one’s surprize, and as it spreads, Elysium receives a flood of prayers for their happiness from all of the Winchesters’ oldest and dearest freinds. Oh, ’Thea, how much joy is heaped upon their little family circle, strange though it be! Every kind letter is returned with an impassioned entreaty to visit, and soon the house, already full to bursting with love and freindship, quite overflows with fond company and good cheer. Mrs Mills and Mrs Tran undertake the conveyance of half a dozen young people from Hampshire, and Miss Charlotte Bradbury arrives with another trio of girls. Even the London family, Aunt Harville and the Winterses and their children, make the journey to Derbyshire, curious if not eager to know more intimately the heir and heiresses of Elysium.
So at length Castiel came to MASHU, the great mountains about which he had heard many things, which guard the rising and the setting sun. Its twin peaks are as high as the wall of heaven and its paps reach down to the underworld. At its gate the Scorpions stand guard, half man and half dragon; their glory is terrifying, their stare strikes death into men, their shimmering halo sweeps the mountains that guard the rising sun. When Castiel saw them he shielded his eyes for the length of a moment only; then he took courage and approached. When they saw him so undismayed Cain called to his mate, ‘This one who comes to us now is flesh of the gods.' The mate of Cain answered, ‘Two thirds is god but one third is man.'
His smile swiftly fades. The note is short: “Dean, it pains me to leave your side so suddenly and knowing you to be again struck ill. Though I am beside myself with greif for your fragile state, I am afraid we must away at once. You will become acquainted with the situation soon enough, and I do not wish to recount it here. If this letter should reach you before Friday, I beg that you and Miss Winchester will contrive to dine with my sister and me at the Elk and Marmot, as we depart for Derbyshire immediately thereafter. Judging by your state at my leaving, I rather despair of your coming. I am half agony, half hope. I bid you will write to me when you are recovered, for I shall not enjoy another moment of comfort until I know that you are quite out of danger. Beleive me to be ever - Yours most sincerely, Cas. Novak”
The next day after twenty leagues they broke their fast, and after another thirty they stopped for the night. They dug a well before the sun had set and Castiel ascended the mountain. He poured out fine meal on the ground and said, ‘O mountain, dwelling of the gods, send a dream for Dean, make him a favourable dream.' The mountain fashioned a dream for Dean; it came, an ominous dream; a cold shower passed over him, it caused him to cower like the mountain barley under a storm of rain. But Castiel sat with his chin on his knees till the sleep which flows over all mankind lapped over him. Then, at midnight, sleep left him; he got up and said to his friend, ‘Did you call me, or why did I wake? Did you touch me, or why am I terrified? Did not some god pass by, for my limbs are numb with fear? My friend, I saw a third dream and this dream was altogether frightful. The heavens roared and the earth roared again, daylight failed and darkness fell, lightnings flashed, fire blazed out, the clouds lowered, they rained down death. Then the brightness departed, the fire went out, and all was turned to ashes fallen about us. Let us go down from the mountain and talk this over, and consider what we should do.'
Dean can’t decide if he’s more sad for Cas, because Sam’s straight-as-an-arrow heart is gonna break Cas’.  Or if he’s disappointed that it’s not him.
"Given oral? Yes. And more, too." When Dean continued to gawk, Cas replied, "I didn't always know I was asexual, Dean. It took me a long time to figure it out."
the man's younger brother: it was an entirely new experience and Cas was at a loss. He dropped his bag on the floor and followed Dean, who was exclaiming over the bathroom.
I shall write it here, though perhaps it will never see the light of day. Perhaps you never will see it after all.
Castiel had peeled off his clothes, he listened to his words and wept quick tears, Castiel listened and his tears flowed. He opened his mouth and spoke to Dean: ‘Who is there in strong-walled URUK who has wisdom like this? Strange things have been spoken, why does your heart speak strangely? The dream was marvellous but the terror was great; we must treasure the dream whatever the terror; for the dream has shown that misery comes at last to the healthy man, the end of life is sorrow.' And Castiel lamented, ‘Now I will pray to the great gods, for my friend had an ominous dream.'
They have just sat down upon the settee to discuss the happy conclusion to the problem of Miss Morningstar, when they are called to attend the ladies in the sitting room. They arrive to find Jo in a state of agitation. She is pacing the room and rushes to her brother’s side the moment he appears. “We were wrong. She does leave soon for La Cage, but her father has invited half the neighbourhood, certainly all the young people, for a visit.”
car.”  His face is the picture of pride.  “My buddy Benny got to do the time-and-date panel, but I made a working flux capacitor.”
Well, it could not be done completely anonymously.  Cas had to create a login. He disguised himself as best he could.  He signed in as Clarence. Only Meg had ever called him that, though he never really understood why.  He worried that he would have to give his real name to run his credit card, but the site assured him that his credit card information was used only by Patronus and that the artists and tradespeople he supported had no access to his personal data.  Cas sighed. Even so, he was relieved that the credit card named him only as C Shurley, as it was technically his father’s card, issued under his legal name. “Clarence Shurley” was an appropriate alias. Once he had cleared the financial and legal hurdles associated with opening an account, he bent his browser to Dean’s Tutube channel and the link to his Patronus.
“No, no, that’s not what I-” Cas takes a breath.  “I mean, we’re in most of the same classes, right?”
He decided to go ahead and do it, before he lost his nerve completely.  He slid off the couch and sat on his heels. He placed the parcel flat on the coffee table.  With two hands, he pulled the bow open, then let go of the ribbon as if it might burn him. Nothing skittered away, thank goodness, but a couple of bones fell over the side of the cloth.  He straightened the cloth all the way around and smoothed it down. No wrinkles, no ridges. He picked up the rose quartz. He looked at it for a moment, noting the color, the polished surface, the crystalline layers visible within, and he put it in his mouth.  It was bigger in his mouth than it had been in his hand, and he had to roll it around a little with his tongue before he could find a comfortable spot for it to rest. He righted the crucible, a curved grey stone that looked something like a squashed egg cup, checking that it was as completely in the center as possible.  He wasn’t sure how sensitive this magic might be, and he was not going to take unnecessary risks.
Tessa said to him, ‘Castiel, your own hands have prevented you from crossing the Ocean; when you destroyed the tackle of the boat you destroyed its safety.' Then the two of them talked it over and Castiel said, ‘Why are you so angry with me, Tessa, for you yourself cross the sea by day and night, at all seasons you cross it.' ‘Castiel, those things you destroyed, their property is to carry me over the water, to prevent the waters of death from touching me. It was for this reason that I preserved them, but you have destroyed them, and the
He wonders whether his sister sits awake, filled with dread, in her chambers near Miss Novak, in the newer South Wing of the old home.
Dean smiled at the choice of phrase.  “Yeah well, I should be out there, helping him, not stuck on the-” he squinted upwards, “-three and a halfth floor.”
His eyes flicker back to green irises.  “Yeah, I get it.”  He sounded a bit defeated.  “I’m me.  But I’m, like, Hulk me.  You wouldn’t like me when I’m angry.”
At a ball in January of 1796, a young Jane Austen and her friend observe two handsome gentlemen who behave rather more like lovers than indifferent acquaintances. Their attentions to one another spark Miss Austen's imagination, and she spins their encounter into an epistolary tale of queer love masquerading under the veil of friendship in Georgian England.
She said, ‘Let us go, and let him see your face. I know very well where Castiel is in great URUK. O Dean, there all the people are dressed in their gorgeous robes, every day is holiday, the young men and the girls are wonderful to see. How sweet they smell! All the great ones are roused from their beds. O Dean, you who love life, I will show you Castiel, a man of many moods; you shall look at him well in his radiant manhood. His body is perfect in strength and maturity; he never rests by night or day. He is stronger than you, so leave your boasting. Chuck the glorious sun has given favours to Castiel, and ANU of the heavens, and Michael, and Gabriel the wise has given him deep understanding, I tell you, even before you have left the wilderness, Castiel will know in his dreams that you are coming.'
Dean immediately apologized.  “Oh, no, I didn’t mean to say you’re gay, dude!  It was just a joke, something my mom used to say.”
Her mother looked no less weary and worn, but she refused to be defeated.  She stood atop her rock and calculated the best route.  "Your eyes are better than mine.  Look to the horizon, south-southwest.  Do you see a curl of smoke?"
As he’d hoped, Dean lit up.  He turned as far as he dared towards Cas.  “‘Thank You.’  Cas.”  He tried to remember if he’d seen Dean speechless.
Now Castiel got up to tell his dream to his mother; Amara, one of the wise gods. ‘Mother, last night I had a dream. I was full of joy, the young heroes were round me and I walked through the night under the stars of the firmament, and one, a meteor of the stuff of ANU, fell down from heaven. I tried to lift it but it proved too heavy. All the people of URUK came round to see it, the common people jostled and the nobles thronged to kiss its feet; and to
Both Dean and Sam walked to the front door to retrieve Castiel and to help him with his bags.  Sam was startled to see him in normal clothes, a green t-shirt and a pair of old jeans, though he carried the coat draped over one arm.  It was nothing out of the ordinary, but so different from the usual suit.  He asked about the change and was told that the suit was a school thing.
She raised her chin.  “Very well. You’ll be getting a wee package from me by the end of the week.  Try not to fret too much, dear!” She waggled her fingers at him, and her window closed.
Cas held out one hand, and Dean took it. "Which side do you prefer?" he asked, pulling Dean to his feet.
Castiel ate as quickly as he dared, without calling attention to himself, lest she admonish him for “shoveling his food.”  He excused himself and cleared his plate, then made a beeline for his room. He pushed the Airpods back into his ears, only to discover that he had neglected to press pause.  He restarted the video and wheeled two of the larger suitcases out into the hallway.
Insofar as a handsome, titled, single man of good fortune can be considered the rightful property of anyone, he may not always be in want of a wife. Lord Novak’s neighbours, little troubling to know his feelings or views on anything more substantial than his interest in a ball, could scarcely be expected to countenance the unpleasant truth that such a man could be in want of a Dean Winchester!
She sighed.  There was always another option.  If she could not accept Sam’s loss by continuing to campaign, perhaps it was time to retire.  A quiet role as a hearthwatcher.
“I’m sorry, Dean, Cas, I just-” Sam blew out a breath.  “You guys take the elevator, and I’ll meet you up there.  I’ll get there before you anyway, so take this soda from me and give me the bag.”
He heard stirring downstairs.  He was not prepared to eat any breakfast; packing the car might buy him some time before his mother insisted on him sitting down at the table.  He put in his Airpods and grabbed his coat, a lamp, and the garment bag.
Lord Novak stands and joins Dean at the window, silently contemplating that same empty scenery, until Dean begins to fear his husband harbours grave misgivings.
“And there’s a classic-car shop two blocks from campus that always claims to be hiring.   Or even a nearby culinary school if you want.  It’s your choice, all of it.”  Dean continued to stare, and Cas sweetened the pot.  “And, and I'll look for a new therapist if you will," he challenged.  Dean shifted his arms around Cas' neck, so he could stroke his hair.  He smiled; Cas frowned.  “Although it could mean knowing indisputably that my brain is wired-”
“-oh my god, he’s a nerd,” Dean moaned.  Sam was not entirely sure if that was an exasperated tone or not.
He yelped as the ice in Cas’ hand froze his undercarriage.  Then he shouted.  “Fuck, that's cold!” He caught the shit-eating twist of Cas' red, wet lips as he watched- watched!- all of Dean's favorite parts shrink.  “Oh fuck you so hard, you sonofabitch,” Dean grumbled, his eyes bright.
An unseasonably cold breeze ruffled Castiel’s papers.  It gave him an idea. “It’s too windy out here. We should go inside.  I’ve got all one hundred in one form or another- your choice.”
Two trips in, he realized that he never did look around at the apartment.  His apartment. He dropped the bags next to the others in the front room and gave himself a tour.  Living room: the couch Mother was sending him with against that wall, television opposite, and he could use his steamer-trunk as a coffee table.  Bedroom to the left: queen bed under the window, oriented north to south, flanked by night stands, just like his bedroom at home. Huge closet. Ensuite bathroom.  On the opposite side of the flat, a spare bedroom and guest bath. He wasn’t sure why he needed two bedrooms – he certainly didn’t have enough furniture to warrant so much as an office.  Maybe his parents planned to drop in occasionally, although he seriously doubted that. The galley kitchen lay in between the two sleeping quarters. It looked spacious enough, and the stacked washer and dryer unit seemed new.
As Anna had feared, the news proves too shocking for Dean, and he is returned to his bed until the morrow. He asks Castiel to stay near him, though his nerves are too rattled to admit of any farther speech on this subject, or any other.
Dean nodded, jerking himself back into showman mode.  He swivelled on his heel, facing the camera head-on and grinning like the cat that caught the canary.  He draped an arm across Cas’ shoulders.   Then he directed Cas’ attention to the monitor, where a steady stream of emojis floated across the bottom of the screen.  “See, those hearts are for you. ‘Oh Cas, we love you,’” he joked, pitching his voice up an octave.
“Of course, Dean. Yes, of course your daughter will always be welcome.” He turns now, and his smile is genuine and warm, and Dean relaxes at once into his own easy smile. “If she is yours, I wish her also to be mine.”
“I’m not with the whole love, and love.”  He scrunched up his nose. “That wasn’t English.  Take two. You don’t do sex; I don’t do relationships.  I wouldn’t know an emotional attachment if it bit me on the ass.  And to be honest with you, nothing personal, but I don’t have sex with guys.”
Sam was evidently not awake enough for a conversation about their fucked-up childhood, and he changed the subject fast.  “Where are we?”
“Dude yes.  Sorry, Cas, I was aiming for the blanket, not your-”  He made a noise of frustration before he completely gave up and let the coat flop back down over his face.
“Yeah, I’m fine.  I didn’t close my eye fast enough and a little got in.  Ow.”  He rubbed at it and opened it experimentally.  “Jesus, that’s some good aim.  Is it red?” he asked Cas.
He went to save his subscriptions, but he hesitated.  He scrolled back down to the AdultSkate options. He added another $50 a month for early access and hit Save before he could reconsider.  He got another pop-up:
To be fair, it was almost midnight on a Monday night, and the chances of finding anything open at all weren’t really great, but Dean let himself get worked up into such a lather over taking Cas for a beer that he couldn’t actually pay attention to the roadside long enough to see if he passed a place.  Dean, with his zero experience, worried about how he could possibly measure up.
“I don’t listen to any particular type.  There is such a variety of sounds, so many different forms of music, and it fascinates me, all the permutations.”
The neighbourhood around Shipley has ever benefitted from the great goodness of Elysium. The Novaks and their permanent guests are forever in the town on some mission of kindness to the poor and the bedridden, and the people who live there are disposed to turn aside the malicious gossip that outsiders would lay at their door. Even if one were to suppose the rumors to be true, what cause have simple villagers to fault Castiel, Lord Novak, that blessed angel on earth, for his habits at home? They themselves see every day the harm, the neglect, the violence born of less than perfect matches. They see how the poor scrabble for another shilling, another meal, another desperate day in their too-thin mortal coils, and they see how the two families of Elysium share and give and work so tirelessly to provide their neighbours with good incomes and decent homes and schooling for the children. Will the line of Novak die with the seventh baron? It matters little to the common folk of the town. Better they save their breath to cool their porridge.
“No indeed, it is-” Dean breaks off to look very earnestly at the man across the table. Durst he tell the truth? “I have not told you my whole history,” he sighs. “May I tell you now?”
Was it mercy or cunning that prevented the witch's daughter from dealing with Dena that night in the crossroads?  A promise was made to meet again at the new moon.  At the sound of a search party advancing, the woman pressed a red carnation into Dena's hand and vanished.
“Time to get going?” Dean asked.  He drained his own mug and grimaced.  “Yeah, that’s the stuff.” But he seemed happy about it.  “My car is at the bottom of the hill. Assuming you still want a ride?”
“I know,” he mumbles, taking Dean’s hand to shake.  Bolder, he replies, “I’m Castiel.  But everyone just calls me Cas.”
Dean hummed.  He answered Cas’ question: “Nah, just bored as fuck.  Already.  I’ve heard this album three times, there’s fuck-all on the radio, and I don’t really wanna be alone in my head right now.”
The gods heard their lament, the gods of heaven cried to the Lord of URUK, to ANU the god of URUK: ‘A goddess made him, strong as a savage bull, none can withstand his arms. No son is left with his father, for Castiel takes them all; and is this the king, the shepherd of his people? His lust leaves no virgin to her lover, neither the warrior's daughter nor the wife of the noble. When ANU had heard their lamentation the gods cried to Lilith, the goddess of creation, ‘You made him, O Lilith; now create his equal; let it be as like him as his own reflection, his second self; stormy heart for stormy heart. Let them contend together and leave URUK in quiet.'
Dean is soon dressed for walking out, and he directs his steps towards the inn. He knows the place, of course, a shoddy thing, not so well suited to the children of a baron. He wonders how they could choose such a situation, if only for a few days’ time. Certainly Anna has never been so incommoded in her life, though Cas has his brief captaincy to which to compare the meagre accommodations. He thinks he shall have a look at the dining room, that he can prepare his own sweet sister.
Cas turns to stare at Dean as if appraising him.  “Are you asking to be polite, or are you genuinely curious?  Because I could draw you a graph-”
Secretly, he preferred the last row, so that he could see everything, but he knew that teachers tended to look on the denizens of the back row as troublemakers.  Which he was not. He also knew that sitting too close to the front opened you up to ridicule from your classmates. Or so said every teen movie ever made. He didn’t like to take any chances, especially when he had no reason to settle for a subpar position.  The chairs were arrayed on risers behind built-in desks. Castiel opted for a seat on the second tier, just to the right of the podium, nearly in the dead center of the room. He pulled out the textbook and a blank notebook and he arrayed half a dozen identical pens in front of him.  Heaven forbid a pen run out of ink in the middle of class! He opened the notebook to the first page and wrote the course number and the date in the upper right-hand corner.
The server brought a fresh pot of coffee and a pitcher of syrup.  “Do you need ketchup, hon?” she asked Dean.
Castiel slid into his seat as his father placed a plate of scrambled eggs and turkey sausage in front of him.  “I was wondering about that, actually. I think we can fit a lot of my personal items into the Taurus. I could have the car packed shortly after breakfast, and Father and I could get on the road before the movers even arrive.  I mean, if that’s okay with you?” he added, glancing between his parents.
“Good thing I took the last watch,” she thought.  “No chance I’d sleep now.”  She wallowed in old, cold thoughts until Cas left their stump and wandered over to Dena’s perch by the fire.  They stirred the embers.  Dena roused herself enough to stop them from putting another log on the coals.  “Just a handful of the thicker kindling.  We’re leaving after breakfast.”
of attention.  Coddle him; he’s a big fucking baby.  But you have to make him talk.  We were raised- Well, raised is a little strong.  Wolves would have done a better job than our dad did.  At least we’d be socialized!”  Cas frowned; Sam continued.  “We weren’t taught to express our feelings, so you kinda have to take his outbursts with a grain of salt.  Maybe a whole bag.  Give me your hand.  No, the hurt one.”  Sam rolled the wrist gently between his hands.  “Bend your fingers?”
While Dean lay alone in his sickness he cursed the gate as though it was living flesh, ‘You there, wood of the gate, dull and insensible, witless, I searched for you over twenty leagues until I saw the towering cedar. There is no wood like you in our land. Seventy-two cubits high and twenty-four wide, the pivot and the ferrule and the jambs are perfect. A master craftsman from NIPPUR has made you; but O, if I had known the conclusion! If I had known that this was all the good that would come of it, I would have raised the axe and split you into little pieces and set up here a gate of wattle instead. Ah, if only some future king had brought you here, or some god had fashioned you. Let him obliterate my name and write his own, and the curse fall on him instead of on Dean.'
Jo fixes her next older brother with an angry stare. “I am most certainly not mistaken, Samuel Winchester, and you would know that, had you been there to witness! Just where were you, dear brother?”
Charlie’s reading of the unexpected party carried him through all of the suitcases.  He swapped the suitcases for the boxes. He pitched his shoes into a box that once held vodka, and lugged all of his clothes downstairs.  He was making good progress.
When the gods created Castiel they gave him a perfect body. Chuck the glorious sun endowed him with beauty, Abaddon the god of the storm endowed him with courage, the great gods made his beauty perfect, surpassing all others, terrifying like a great wild bull. Two thirds they made him god and one third man.
“Castiel- Enclosed you’ll find everything you need to complete the spell I promised you.  When you’re ready, set the wee sack on a flat surface before you and untie the ribbon with two hands, one on each tongue.  DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING, just let the objects fall where they will. Then spread the cloth of the outer bag into a neat circle, no wrinkles or ridges.  Next, take the rose quartz (that’s the pink stone, dear), and pop it in your mouth. Hold it there while you complete the spell. DO NOT SWALLOW IT. I shouldn’t have to say that, but you’d be surprised how stupid people can be.  Place the wee crucible upright in the center of the circle and add to it the bones and the sprig of rosemary. Add two drops from the vial. ONLY TWO, no more, no less. Take the match and light it against the side of the crucible; let it burn halfway, then drop it into the crucible as well.  Mind your eyes- it will flare up. And that’s it, sweetie. Your spell will be active for two minutes. Some people do pass out afterward, but I assure you that whatever you saw, it was no dream. Good luck! -R
Sam craned his head to look at his new roommate, conked out in the backseat of the Impala. "Hmm," he agreed.
Castiel’s eyes flashed open.  The room was dark, but he no longer saw through a purple filter.  He had passed out at the sight of Dean, scared, crying, being tortured.  He could still hear the sadistic fucker’s laughter ringing in his ears.
At checkout, Castiel went first.  When the cashier got to the bar separating their orders, Castiel told her, “That one, too.”  Dean was looking at the magazines and didn’t notice.
She just smiled.  “Now where does our jumper come in?”  She showed him the card. “Look at this derring-do!  The Knight of Swords is an impulsive lad, assertive, bit of a rebel.  Where our Knight of Cups is chivalrous and caring, the Knight of Swords will throw himself bodily into harm’s way to protect his loved ones.  Bit of a perfectionist, too, am I right?”
You know, of course, that the Winchesters left the party quite abruptly. You know Mr Winchester’s feelings upon quitting the Vessel Hill picnic, but I have barely spoke of the sister and the brother. You do not know how Jo, safely ensconced in the carriage, immediately weeps her apologies to her brothers.
Billie --- ERESHKIGAL / IRKALLA: The Queen of the underworld, a counterpart of Persephone; probably once a sky-goddess. In the Sumerian cosmogony she was carried off to the underworld after the separation of heaven and earth. Irkalla: Another name for Ereshkigal; the Queen of the underworld.
Together they went down into the forest and they came to the green mountain. There they stood still, they were struck dumb; they stood still and gazed at the forest. They saw the height of the cedar, they saw the way into the forest and the track where Lucifer was used to walk. The way was broad and the going was good. They gazed at the mountain of cedars, the dwelling-place of the gods and the throne of Meg. The hugeness of the cedar rose in front of the mountain, its shade was beautiful, full of comfort; mountain and glade were green with brushwood.
Cas strolled around the statue in the middle of the lobby, his phone in front of him like a dowsing rod.  He moved quickly to Dean’s side and crouched down to eye level.
“Ah.  I was born in Lawrence.  Been all over, but this has been home for the past five or six years.  You a traditional student?”
“Dude!  So they come over and want to challenge us.   Two against one, right?  I coulda beat this guy with my eyes closed, but whatever, I said no, wouldn’t be fair to Cas.  But I play one for a beer, why not, me against their two best.  ’Cause I can.  And that was our second beers, because you
It looked to be a bit, a loosely scripted improvisational palace intrigue.  Cas wondered if Gilda was in on the joke.
Dean can scarcely breathe. “I’ve been a blockhead,” he utters at length. “I didn’t dare to hope that you should, that you could-” He finds Castiel’s steady blue eyes and holds their gaze as he returns the sentiment: “That you would love me as I love you. I need you, Cas.”
Raphael --- NINURTA / NINGIRSU: An earlier form is Ningirsu; god of irrigation and fertility, he had a field near Lagash where all sorts of plants flourished; he was the child of a she-goat. The later form is Ninurta; a warrior and god of war, a herald, the south wind, and god of wells and irrigation. According to one poem he once dammed up the bitter waters of the underworld and conquered various monsters.
There was the garden of the gods; all round him stood bushes bearing gems. Seeing it he went down at once, for there was fruit of carnelian with the vine hanging from it, beautiful to look at; lapis lazuli leaves hung thick with fruit, sweet to see. For thorns and thistles there were haematite and rare stones, agate, and pearls from out of the sea. While Castiel walked in the garden by the edge of the sea Chuck saw him, and he saw that he was dressed in the skins of animals and ate their flesh. He was distressed, and he spoke and said, ‘No mortal man has gone this way before, nor will, as long as the winds drive over the sea.’ And to Castiel he said, ‘You will never find the life for which you are searching.' Castiel said to glorious Chuck, ‘Now that I have toiled and strayed so far over the wilderness, am I to sleep, and let the earth cover my head for ever? Let my eyes see the sun until they are dazzled with looking. Although I am no better than a dead man, still let me see the light of the sun.'
She gladly proclaims his colour to be much improved and gives her recommendation that he should, though without any haste on his part. ”Shall I ask your brother Winters to attend you?”
“I say we make a break for it, head up to the rooms to change,” Dean suggested.  “The elevator isn’t so far.  You guys wanna meet downstairs for dinner, or do you have other plans?”  He asked it casually; maybe he really was getting over the shock at breakfast.
In the first light of dawn Castiel cried out, ‘I made you rest on a royal bed, you reclined on a couch at my left hand, the princes of the earth kissed your feet. I will cause all the people of URUK to weep over you and raise the dirge of the dead. The joyful people will stoop with sorrow; and when you have gone to the earth I will let my hair grow long for your sake, I will wander through the wilderness in the skin of a lion.' The next day also, in the first light, Castiel lamented; seven days and seven nights he wept for Dean, until the worm fastened on him. Only then he gave him up to the earth, for the Deadly Sins, the judges, had seized him.
As they stand and prepare to depart the maze, Castiel catches Dean about the waist before pressing a tender kiss to Dean’s lips, now rather red than pink. “Thank you. My soul.”
Interesting thought.  He wouldn't have expected to feel so strongly so soon, but he had to admit it was true. He wondered if maybe he loved Dean.
“You’re onto something with the ‘person in danger’ thing, Cas.  But I don’t think we want to lure him on a lie.”
“Yes.  Well,” he bopped his head, “we’ll still have to do the spell.  And we’ll want some record of them for the spell.  Photographs, perhaps?  Photographs could work.”  He craned his neck to look again at the list.  “You’re going to want to invite them.  And anyone else you think might be valuable.”
He cleared this throat.  “Hey, uh, what do you say, after this, uh, song, we switch over to the radio for a while?”
Sometime after midday, the terrain changed again, to a flat expanse of tall dry grasses.  Linda and Kevan rested briefly in the shadow of the last of the boulders.  Refreshed, they braved the field and made for the trees.  No sooner had they stepped into the shelter of the ancient oaks, they found themselves on the edge of a wide round clearing.  Just beyond, almost concealed by the trees on the far end, Kevan observed a strange house on stilts.
Cas looked.  Dean was freshly showered, his cheeks slightly pink, and he was wearing a grey bathrobe, a dark blue towel wrapped around his head.  Cas checked his watch. Not even eight o’clock. He’d been out for an hour at the most.
Dean craned his head to look.  “You’re writing fast, that’s all.  This is all I have so far.” He tilted his notebook to reveal half a page of neat text, set off by time stamps.
Then Castiel said to Death the Faraway, ‘I look at you now, Death, and your appearance is no different from mine; there is nothing strange in your features. I thought I should find you like a hero prepared for battle, but you he here taking your ease on your back. Tell me truly, how was it that you came to enter the company of the gods and to possess everlasting life?' Death said to Castiel, ‘I will reveal to you a mystery, I will tell you a secret of the gods.'
The boxes filled, the room emptied.  The movers would be there in the morning.  After dinner, Castiel said good night to his parents and retired.  He finished listening to
“Okay,” Sam nodded.  “Cas, then.”  He looked back and forth between his brother and his new roommate.  When neither broke eye contact, he cleared his throat.  “How about I work on these dishes, then?”  He grabbed the empty plates and strode into the kitchen.
"Dean, have you eaten a single meal that wasn’t apple pie à la mode since we got on the road?”  He started to protest and Sam cut him off.  “I mean besides the French silk tonight.  The man is so grateful! Why can't you stow the-"
“That’s just it.  That’s work. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I love my job!  But I don’t wanna bring my work home with me, if you get me.”  He dropped Cas’ hands. “I have my studio just the way I like it, and it’s soundproofed. I’m not moving it downstairs just to save a couple bucks on rent.  I’m really not that hard up for cash, I mean it.”
Duma --- DUMUZI / TAMMUZ: The Sumerian form of Tammuz; a god of vegetation and fertility, and so of the underworld, also called ’the Shepherd and ’lord of the sheepfolds’. As the companion of Ningizzida 'to all eternity’ he stands at the gate of heaven. In the Sumerian ’Descent of Inanna’ he is the husband of the goddess Inanna, the Sumerian counterpart of Ishtar.  Tammuz: Sumerian Dumuzi; the dying god of vegetation, bewailed by Ishtar, the subject of laments and litanies. In an Akkadian poem Ishtar descends to the underworld in search of her young husband Tammuz; but in the Sumerian poem on which this is based it is Inanna herself who is responsible for sending Dumuzi to the underworld because of his pride and as a hostage for her own safe return. According to the Sumerian King-List Gilgamesh was descended from ’Dumuzi a shepherd’.
Cas recognized the same porch outside his front door, though the patio furniture on-screen was different.  He checked the date uploaded: six months ago. His heart stuttered anyway, imagining an alternate reality in which he himself was the neighbor.
“Please, I would speak. I gave her a good situation, I wrote to her and sent her presents whenever I could contrive it, were it only a guinea under the seal. But I could not offer her a home and a life with me. Because I knew by then how it would be, how she would be neglected and I would pine ever for, shall we say, other delights” (his look full of meaning). “Ere long I learned that she was with child. Perhaps it was mine, perhaps not. But I have always thought of little Claire with such love and devotion and never once have I scrupled to give her all that I have, even if it means I fund the care of another man’s daughter.” He smiles then: “She is mine.”
It had been Cas’ idea to summon Dean into the devil’s trap in the dungeon, though there was no guarantee that a conventional trap would hold a Knight.  They were willing to take their chances.  He added a few spare sigils, just in case; one he wrote in his own blood.  Hopefully Dean, or the demon he had become, would understand the precautions.
My dearest Alethea, I am so very well pleased that my last left you in such a flutter. Indeed, dearest, you hardly wrote an intelligible word on the subject!
“At least our Castiel hasn’t been corrupted,” she said with a sickly sweet smile towards her youngest.  “Eat your eggs, dear, and then you can see about the car. I’ll discuss the change in plans with your father.”  She then turned the conversation to less urgent matters.
Cas relaxed.  By the time the chorus kicked in, he had the pleasure of watching Dean lip-syncing along, and he outright laughed when Dean began to sing softly.
Without taking his eyes off Dean's, Cas shifted until he had Dean right where he wanted him. Dean shivered as Cas blindly grabbed a fistful of ice and crammed it into his mouth.  Then he slurped in Dean's cock.
“Yes, I play this asshole character called Dean Winchester every day of my life.”  It was clearly meant to be a joke, but neither of them felt compelled to smile.
They left Lawrence, stocked to the gills with Funyuns and Mello Yello and rocking out to Sam’s Road Trip playlist.  He had added a bunch of Bon Jovi and Metallica for his brother, but the bulk of it was college-radio shit that had Dean climbing the walls in no time.
Can they have reached an understanding in so short a time? She is rich; not so rich as Lord Novak, but a fortune of almost twenty thousand pounds will never be called insignificant. And she is a woman. A wife and children must be the expectation of every man, is it not so?
On the day of the new moon, Dena and Ash quarrelled.  Even now, Dena remembered the deception with a pang.  Dena feigned irritation in order to assure that she slept alone that night, though it tore at her.  Leaving Ash forever was quite hard enough without pining for a last embrace.  Her heart in tatters, she stalked out of camp unobserved by the night watch, absorbed in sharpening her blade.
“He did.  He has the devil’s own luck, our grandmother used to say.  He passed the bar and moved up to Sacramento.  He’s working with our brother Luci.”
He nodded, miserable.  “I just wanted to help.”  He sniffled, then glanced up at Dean.  His eyes focused and his voice became hard.  “
“A whore, Cas?” Dean has never thought to hear his husband utter more shocking words, and he does not know whether to faint or run mad.
“You need to focus.  It’s all well and good to daydream, but at some point, you have to wake up and do what must be done.”  She turned the next card, and her eyebrows shot up. “The Devil, in reverse,” she purred.
Castiel scrolled back to the top of the page.   He selected a few options, one for each type of reward: $5 a week for early access, $25 a month to be credited in the comments of new videos, and $50 to recommend video ideas.
"Then I'll take her place.  I've heard the stories already.  The old family left.  The Summerlands are a hell.  The knockers' strike killed it.  There was anarchy and blood in the streets until the decision was made to install a figurehead prince.  Sam is- Sam is too good for this.  Let me take her place!"
Cas downed the water.  “Okay. I- No.” He wrenched the top off the whiskey and poured himself a full half a glass.
(Please note: all spelling "errors" are deliberate and in keeping with the style of Jane Austen's letters and early unpublished writings.)
“I suppose I can’t fault anyone with impulse control issues.  People in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones.  Right?”
This was Dean’s now-or-never moment and he was freaking out.  If Cas had been Cassie, no big deal, but dudes, man.  Flirting with guys was
Dean has barely left his aunt’s street, has yet to join the flow of humanity that presses on all sides in that part of town, when he catches a most welcome sight: Cas’ greatcoat, so immediately recognizable even in the thickest of London crowds, is before his eyes! Lord Novak stands at a shoppe window, seeming to admire a display of lace gloves, but Dean knows better. He grins shyly at his freind’s back and sees the reflection of Castiel’s smile returned before the baron turns to face him.
After twenty leagues they broke their fast; after another thirty leagues they stopped for the night. Fifty leagues they walked in one day; in three days they had walked as much as a journey of a month and two weeks. They crossed seven mountains before they came to the gate of the forest. Then Dean called out to Castiel, ‘Do not go down into the forest; when I opened the gate my hand lost its strength.' Castiel answered him, ‘Dear friend, do not speak like a coward. Have we got the better of so many dangers and travelled so far, to turn back at last? You, who are tried in wars and battles, hold close to me now and you will feel no fear of death; keep beside me and your weakness will pass, the trembling will leave your hand. Would my friend rather stay behind? No, we will, go down together into the heart of the forest. Let your courage be roused by the battle to come; forget death and follow me, a man resolute in action, but one who is not foolhardy. When two go together each will protect himself and shield his companion, and if they fall they leave an enduring name.'
The line sent a thrill through Cas, as he realized for the first time that the voice belonged to Dean.  So they were friends? Or just collaborators? He searched her playlists for any videos featuring ImpalaASMR, but found none.
21:00 - prep for tomorrow: planner, lay out clothes, coat (wallet, keys,etc), backpack (pens, notebooks, PLANNER, Tuesday textbooks)
Then Dean opened his mouth and said, ‘Forward, there is nothing to fear. Follow me, for I know the place where Lucifer lives and the paths where he walks. Let the counsellors go back. Here is no cause for fear.' When the counsellors heard this they sped the hero on his way. ‘Go, Castiel, may your guardian god protect you on the road and bring you safely back to the quay of URUK.'
Dean laughs.  “I’m no good with spell mechanics!  I just meant, is there an incantation to go with it?  Is it a special blanket?”
Their meaning, though clear to you and me, quite escapes the poor dear. Frustrated at every turn, Sam leaves his sister and brother to their bewildering folly. If they will expose themselves to ridicule, he determines that it need not be to his detriment as well.
“Because it’s morning, and you two are idiots.  And we have to get this show on the road if we’re ever going to get to school.”
“No, she’s not a prisoner.”  Dena gazed to the fireside where the women in question sat crouched, deep in their own conversation.  “Charlie!”  She snagged her hem as she passed, arresting her movement.  She stood and positioned herself between Charlie and the fire.  “What do you see over there?”
Now Dean strode in front and the woman followed behind. He entered URUK, that great market, and all the folk thronged round him where he stood in the street in strong-walled URUK. The people jostled; speaking of him they said, ‘He is the spit of Castiel.’ ‘He is shorter.’ ‘He is bigger of bone.’ ‘This is the one who was reared on the milk of wild beasts. His is the greatest strength.' The men rejoiced: ‘Now Castiel has met his match. This great one, this hero whose beauty is like a god, he is a match even for Castiel.’
Cas was no more convinced of the wisdom of attempting spells he bought on the internet.  Although. Technically, he did not buy this spell. He paid for the consultation; the spell was a gift.  He sighed, wishing that logic made anything easier. He shouldn’t be accepting gifts from strangers on the internet, either.
So Dean lay stretched out before Castiel; his tears ran down in streams and he said to Castiel, ' O my brother, so dear as you are to me, brother, yet they will take me from you.' Again he said, ‘I must sit down on the threshold of the dead and never again will I see my dear brother with my eyes.'
Dean smiled.  He found two ice cubes this time, and while Cas sucked at one, Dean slid the other across his forehead, down one cheek and up the other.  “Close your eyes.”  He dragged the ice across each eyebrow, gently painted each eyelid.  “How's that?”
Dean would never admit it, not in a million years, but he always did have a hard-on for the warrior types.
He touched his heart but it did not beat, nor did he lift his eyes again. When Castiel touched his heart it did not beat. So Castiel laid a veil, as one veils the bride, over his friend. He began to rage like a lion, like a lioness robbed of her whelps. This way and that he paced round the bed, he tore out his hair and strewed it around. He dragged off his splendid robes and flung them down as though they were abominations.
Cas, knowing the layout of the apartment complex, detected the movie magic that made it look like they were approaching a separate house altogether.
“If your mouth gets tired, you don’t have to keep going.  I can always edit, or delete the whole thing if you-“
Cas was at first disappointed by the Strip.  They rolled into town under afternoon sunlight; he had expected neon and instead saw only a pallid tacky tourist town in various shades of brown and glaring white.  He asked Sam to pull in at the Luxor.  Though monochromatic, it was at least distinctive at any time of day.  It felt right.  It felt lucky.
If they picked up a few free drinks in every casino between Luxor and the MGM Grand, so much the better.  Sam occupied himself with roulette and craps, both of which he claimed to be actually winnable, given the right knowledge of odds, etc (which he clearly did not possess).  Meanwhile, Cas and Dean sat down to blackjack at Luxor and accidentally counted cards: between Dean’s intimate understanding of the game and Cas’ penchant for numbers, neither could lose.  Not long after their first round arrived, but before a particularly bad spin wiped Sam out, a management type stepped in to comp their rooms and otherwise tempt them away from the gaming floor.  Their preternatural luck held at both Mandalay Bay and New York New York, where they were gifted restaurant vouchers in unspoken exchange for removing themselves from the casino, and at the MGM Grand, where they earned themselves Cirque tickets.
“Let me see. It was after Miss Masters came back with Castiel, with Lord Novak. Anna and I, we spoke in a whisper, surely no one could have heard us. The way Miss Masters was leaning on his arm and smiling, Anna did not like it. Anna felt her mere presence at his side to be a, I beleive the word she used was ‘betrayal.’”
“I do! I do wish it. I am stunned! I had no thought, scarcely any idea in coming here that we should ever be freinds again. For the story to end so happily, I can hardly beleive it. To have your blessing, let alone your birthright, Dean; for us to know that our children, Ruby, will have another cousin!”
When Meg heard this she fell into a bitter rage, she went up to high heaven. Her tears poured down in front of her father ANU, and ANTUM her mother. She said, ‘My father, Castiel has heaped insults on me, he has told over all my abominable behaviour, my foul and hideous acts.' ANU opened his mouth and said, ‘Are you a father of gods? Did not you quarrel with Castiel the king, so now he has related your abominable behaviour, your foul and hideous acts.'
Pamela --- NINHURSAG / NINKI: Sumerian mother-goddess; one of the four principal Sumerian gods with An, Enlil, and Ea; sometimes the wife of Ea, she created all vegetation. The name means 'the Mother'; she is also called 'Nintu', lady of birth, and KI, the earth. NINKI: 'mother' of Enlil, probably a form of NINHURSAG.
"Even if I could, surely the Queen wouldn't send her warriors to grovel at the feet of some ragged old ... witch's daughter."  She tilted her head.  "She doesn't know you’re here."
"Behold, what you have commanded I will honour and perform, but how shall I answer the people, the city, the elders?" Then Gabriel opened his mouth and said to me, his servant, "Tell them this: I have learnt that Michael is wrathful against me, I dare no longer walk in his land nor live in his city; I will go down to the Gulf to dwell with Gabriel my lord. But on you he will rain down abundance, rare fish and shy wild-fowl, a rich harvest-tide. In the evening the rider of the storm will bring you wheat in torrents."
The sound has died away and still Castiel holds tight to Dean. The latter nods once, and Castiel removes his hand, yet he does not free Dean from his embrace. “Forgive me.”
“I thought he was gonna get his ass handed to him, but sonofabitch if he didn’t Karate Kid those assholes!”
Lord Novak sets his charge gently on the sofa and urges all extraneous hands from the room. “I examined her briefly in the field, and I beleive it to be little more than a sprained ankle,” he tells the man to his left, before calling on Mr Winchester to inform the stables that Miss Masters’ horse has gone missing. “Then inform my sister to start the afternoon meal without us.”
His smile fell away all at once.  “Um.  I dunno.”  He took a pull of his beer.  A longer pull.  He shook his head.  “I don’t know.”
Trigger warning: noncon/dubcon, but it’s really not.  Dean is in full control of this situation, I promise
rather than languishing in bed, his head is as yet too fragile for much noise and his body too fatigued for exertion.
“No, Dean,” Sam said.  “That’s never gonna happen.  We need to talk about this, okay?  You’re a demon, we get it.  Fine.  But you have to stay calm.  Okay?  Stay calm, and we’ll deal with this together, just the three of us.  Like we always do.”
The ASMRtist went by ImpalaASMR AllAges. Castiel had seen the name pop up here and there, usually as ImpalaASMR AdultSkate, with titles like “XXX AUDIO-ONLY In the Backseat” and “Rated R AUDIO-ONLY Make-out Session.” This was the first ImpalaASMR video title he had seen that hadn’t looked like a porno for the visually impaired: “All-ages. Calming bedtime chat and relaxing sounds.”  He clicked on it despite his misgivings, only to find that “Dean,” as ImpalaASMR referred to himself in his intro, was devastatingly handsome. The model’s cheekbones and practiced pout notwithstanding, Castiel was immediately drawn in by his gorgeous eyes. He had vibrant green irises and the longest lashes Castiel had ever seen on a man. He wondered if he was wearing makeup- maybe some mascara and a discreet lip gloss? He knew that actors and television personalities often used cosmetics to compensate for harsh lights, but he doubted that an ASMR studio necessitated such measures.  And he could pick out freckles scattered across the bridge of the man’s nose, just sun-kissed.
A hesitant hand alighted on Cas' shoulder, and he sighed. "Dean. I should tell you..." But he couldn't find the words.
Cas shrugs and spreads his arms wide. “Back when I was a captain, when I was young and foolish and susceptible to the suggestion of younger, more foolish men.” He smiles wryly and adds, “When a handsome redcoat bids you follow him into a den of iniquity, resistance becomes quite impossible.”
Lucifer came out from his strong house of cedar. Then Dean called out, ‘O Castiel, remember now your boasts in URUK. Forward, attack, son of URUK, there is nothing to fear.' When he heard these words his courage rallied; he answered, ‘Make haste, close in, if the watchman is there do not let him escape to the woods where he will vanish. He has put on the first of his seven splendours but not yet the other six, let us trap him before he is armed.' Like a raging wild bull he snuffed the ground; the watchman of the woods turned full of threatenings, he cried out. Lucifer came from his strong house of cedar. He nodded his head and shook it, menacing Castiel; and on him he fastened his eye, the eye of death. Then Castiel called to Chuck and his tears were flowing, ‘O glorious Chuck, I have followed the road you commanded but now if you send no succour how shall I escape? Glorious Chuck heard his prayer and he summoned the great wind, the north wind, the whirlwind, the storm and the icy wind, the tempest and the scorching wind; they came like dragons, like a scorching fire, like a serpent that freezes the heart, a destroying flood and the lightning's fork. The eight winds rose up against Lucifer, they beat against his eyes; he was gripped, unable to go forward or back. Castiel shouted, ‘By the life of Amara my mother and divine Novak my father, in the ‘Country of the Living’, in this Land I have discovered your dwelling; my weak arms and my small weapons I have brought to this Land against you, and now I will enter your house'.
“There he is,” Dean laughed.  He draped his arms over Cas’ shoulders and dropped a kiss on the top of his head.  He waited for Cas to wriggle free before he righted himself on the bench. He reached across the table for his sandwich. “You’re alright, Cas.”
“No card is all good or all bad.  And this one, especially when reversed, is fifty shades of grey.”  She lifted the card to study it more closely. “Hmm, yes, that’s a more apt description than I intended!  Power struggle, probably sexual,” she muttered, “but some detachment. Not the usual implication of addictions and compulsion.  This feels like a dangerous situation, but I believe the powerless party holds all the power in this scenario.” Her eyes shifted back to Castiel, and she shook herself, as if remembering her client.  More brightly, she added, “Let’s see the last one, shall we? The ten of Swords. Also reversed.” She held it towards Cas, right side up. “Like this, it’s very melodramatic. Ruin and disaster! But like this,” she continued, placing it back on the table in reverse, “it’s more of a sense of dodging a bullet.  Things will take a dramatic turn, but everyone will come through smiling. Have you ever had an out-of-body experience, Castiel?”
From across the clearing, Kevan watched unbelieving as the house on stilts- not stilts. Chicken legs!  The house walked, on chicken legs, out of the trees and stood with an air of offended arrogance before its summoner.
CASTIEL went abroad in the world, but he met with none who could withstand his arms till he came to URUK. But the men of URUK muttered in their houses, ‘Castiel sounds the tocsin for his amusement, his arrogance has no bounds by day or night. No son is left with his father, for Castiel takes them all, even the children; yet the king should be a shepherd to his people. His lust leaves no virgin to her lover, neither the warrior's daughter nor the wife of the noble; yet this is the shepherd of the city, wise, comely, and resolute.'
“Just removing temptation,” he replied, wedging the box atop and between two of the bags, where Dean would see it when he awoke but not accidentally squash it.
“Yes, Mother.”  If he hoped to convince her to let him leave early, he had to stay on her good side.  Anyway, his stomach no longer hurt, beyond the usual low-level fluttering.
I understand that you have questions about Mr Winchester. Why ever did his former neighbours speak of him amongst themselves with such derision? Had he really been the ruination of even one young lady, it would be enough! And gambling and indebtedness, too? Indeed, it makes my poor head weak to think that such a beautiful face as his could conceal secrets of such shameful magnitude! Really, though, my dear, we should wonder that his is not a life of abject poverty and beggary, if the malicious tongues in the village wag with any truth at all.
Before the scheme can be enacted, however, Dean falls quite ill of fever. Awaiting a visit from Mr Smith, the apothecary, Jo writes Anna a few lines and urges her to inform her brother at once. If ever there was a reason for a Novak of Elysium to enter a house in Cheapside, a febrile Dean will certainly convince Castiel of the necessity.
"I wouldn't call it beautiful, but it is very interesting. Busy. You can see the lights of the strip."
“Huh?  Yeah, yeah I’m up.”   He twisted upright, popping his joints and stretching as best he could, bleary until he spotted a familiar orange and black sign.  He rubbed his hands together and crowed, “Village Inn French silk tonight!”
Jess and Sam exchanged glances.  Hers said, “Your brother is a pain in the ass.”  His said, “I told you so.”
Dena handed her mug to Kevan.  “Here, you’re shivering.”  She started a fresh batch.  Kevan could tell she was stalling, but she drank in silence.  Setting the pot to boil, she returned her attention to Kevan.  She sat before her.  “You won’t forget.  But Danu takes care of her own.  If you make this vow, you pledge yourself to the goddess’ service, and she pledges herself to yours.”
Ignoring, or perhaps not seeing her daughter’s distress, Linda continued.  “Crowley has connections there.  Maybe she is an angel.  Was.  Whatever the case, we can make her give us safe passage to the prince.”
He managed to drop the skillet on a cold burner before surrendering to Castiel’s embrace.  Dean’s hands clasped his face, and their lips met. Castiel relished the butterflies zooming around inside him.  Dean could still turn him into a quivering mess with a simple kiss. And this was no simple kiss. Dean was pouring all of the restraint of the past three years into this kiss.  Castiel felt his bond with Dean grow, deepen. He probed the limits of his own feelings, pushing over the flimsy boundaries that had kept his emotions in check, lest he scare Dean away with too much intimacy.  He was overwhelmed by Dean’s sudden dam-break.
"No one's 'in,'" snarled a rough voice.  The angel clapped their hands on each woman's shoulder and suddenly they were transported to a small orchard of rowan.
“It’s simple geometry, Dean,” he hiccupped.  “Plus a basic understanding of the physics of ball spin, the lay of the felt, and as long as I knew-”
“You’re welcome.”  He chewed his lip and waited until Dean swung the Impala into the parking lot and killed the engine before saying, “We don’t have to do this.”
“Oh.  Okay.”  Now Cas looked troubled.  “Dean?  It’s, um, it’s just a beer, though, right?  I mean, we couldn’t-” he pointed at Sam, asleep in the front seat.
That was it, wasn’t it?  The difference in the feel of the place.  Not a superficial sensation, though, raising goosebumps on exposed flesh.  This was a visceral chill that settled deep in his guts and froze him from the inside out.  Numbed him to real life.
Yet when he can at last speak with his brother in private and attempt to reason with him, with all the force and compunction of his training in classical rhetoric, he fails to make Dean understand. Dean wilfully insists that his presence is a comfort to the host, that Lord Novak simply cannot do without him. “Sammy, you mean well, I’m sure, but this does not concern you. Yes, certainly he would find your helping him to be an intrusion, but I assure you that he- that is to say that I-” Dean laughs, because what words could ever convey to a brother the sentiment which he feels for Lord Novak? “He has made his home mine, and mine his. We are quite inseparable freinds, and I beg you will not pursue the matter further.”
“Okay, but these are always the worst videos.  No one wants to be that far away. It takes you right out of the moment.”
After that first video, Cas did indeed notice a change in their relationship, but not for the worse.  If anything, Dean seemed less skittish, more affectionate and tender. He was more willing to stay over at Cas’ after dinner, and Cas loved waking up to find Dean draped over him, one arm holding him close to his chest.  He loved waking Dean up on these occasions by scootching farther into the curve of his body, pressing his butt against the morning wood blooming in Dean’s boxers.   Their routine became more and more domestic. Dean’s stuff lived upstairs; Castiel’s stuff lived downstairs.  But they were always in and out of each other’s front doors, as if the front porch was merely another adjoining hallway.
“I mean it.  Please don’t think you’re creepy for watching porn, ‘kay, it’s what it’s there for.”  Cas nodded. “But I gotta wonder…”
“Then you and Cas can get out and push,” he grinned.  “Sound good, Cas?  You up for a little Vegas vacation?”
Jo --- SIDURI: The divine wine-maker and brewer; she lives on the shore of the sea (perhaps the Mediterranean), in the garden of the sun. Her name in the Hurrian language means 'young woman' and she may be a form of Ishtar.
Dean moves nearer to comfort his sister. “You know your faults; I shall not compound them with useless scolding.”
Dearest Alethea, you beg that I reunite our fine heroes. I assure you that I know how it will be, but I fear you will not like where the story goes next.
Charlie nodded.  "See how they stand with their backs to us?  That's not deference; that's what secrets look like."
He didn’t dare argue.  He let Dean give him the bathroom first, though Dean happily puttered in and out of the warm shower room, laying out two fresh towels alongside a set of dry clothes for each of them.  “I thought we’d try the pub at New York tonight,” he said, purposefully averting his eyes from the shower and its occupant, a task made all the harder by the glass doors and the immense mirror spanning the opposite wall.  “Shouldn’t be too crowded on a Wednesday night, right?  I didn’t think to make reservations anywhere.”
‘There is the house whose people sit in darkness; dust is their food and clay their meat. They are clothed like birds with wings for covering, they see no light, they sit in darkness. I entered the house of dust and I saw the kings of the earth, their crowns put away for ever; rulers and princes, all those who once wore kingly crowns and ruled the world in the days of old. They who had stood in the place of the gods like ANU and Michael stood now like servants to fetch baked meats in the house of dust, to carry cooked meat and cold water from the water-skin. In the house of dust which I entered were high priests and acolytes, priests of the incantation and of ecstasy; there were servers of the temple, and there was ETANA, that king of KISH whom the eagle carried to heaven in the days of old. I saw also Sam, god of cattle, and there was Billie the Queen of the Underworld; and Dagon squatted in front of her, she who is recorder of the gods and keeps the book of death. She held a tablet from which she read. She raised her head, she saw me and spoke:  “Who has brought this one here?" Then I awoke like a man drained of blood who wanders alone in a waste of rushes; like one whom the bailiff has seized and his heart pounds with terror.'
Castiel just nods. “I am not proud of my actions, Dean. The girl- One look confirmed that she was chastity personified. I should have been ashamed to so much as speak to her, a girl so young- Had she been one of us (a gentleman’s daughter, that is) I wonder, would she have been out.” He kneels before Dean to complete the confession, and Dean allows him to take his hand. “Her name was Amelia. We talked, we spoke of her history, of her father, of how she had come to such a place, and I found that I had such compassion for this poor freindless creature. I found myself in her cramped quarters night after night, if not for her … company, then to prevent others from defiling her.”
Cas followed suit.  So to speak.  “We don’t have any water,” he added as he loosened his tie and unfastened his topmost buttons.
Then Castiel issued a proclamation through the land, he summoned them all, the coppersmiths, the goldsmiths, the stone-workers, and commanded them, ‘Make a statue of my friend.' The statue was fashioned with a great weight of lapis lazuli for the breast and of gold for the body. A table of hard-wood was set out, and on it a bowl of carnelian filled with honey, and a bowl of lapis lazuli filled with butter. These he exposed and offered to the Sun; and weeping he went away.
Dean breaks his silence only to usher his brother and sister into the west-facing sitting room, that they will be undisturbed for as long as possible, while the sunlight lasts.
Perhaps more should be said on the subject of the future happiness of all these participants. I could write volumes and never begin to capture the satisfaction of Dean and Castiel with any likeness to do it justice, such was the joy they had found, in their children, in their sisters, in their children and sisters’ often superior happinesses, and most of all in themselves. From that first dance, dearest Alethea, must depend the good wishes and the good fortune of two worthy families and the neighbourhoods that gave them life, raised them, and gave them wings.
When Cas awoke, Sam tried to accommodate him, tried to listen to his CDs, but the mix of music was so … so
When he heard these words of the counsellors Castiel looked at his friend and laughed, ‘How shall I answer them; shall I say I am afraid of Lucifer, I will sit at home all the rest of my days?' Then Castiel opened his mouth again and said to Dean, ‘My friend, let us go to the Great Palace, to EGALMAH, and stand before Amara the queen. Amara is wise with deep knowledge, she will give us counsel for the road we must go.' They took each other by the hand as they went to EGALMAH, and they went to Amara the great queen. Castiel approached, he entered the palace and spoke to Amara. ‘Amara, will you listen to me; I have a long journey to go, to the Land of Lucifer, I must travel an unknown road and fight a strange battle. From the day I go until I return, till I reach the cedar forest and destroy the evil which Chuck abhors, pray for me to Chuck.'
Kevan straightened and advanced on the older woman.  “One, she’ll want payment.  The witch’s daughter does not grant favors.”
“No, I just like it,” he shrugged.  “I like the cacophonous percussion and the way the voices blend.”
“Sure I do.  He says he doesn’t really listen to music much.  No, what he actually said was that he doesn’t have a preference.  He listens to what he likes and tunes out the rest.”
He finds here a number of pretty partners. Some, you will note, accept his offer to dance because he is new and handsome and so very tall, and at least one young lady has harboured secret hopes that another Winchester would ask her to dance and finds his brother an acceptable substitute. A few are advised by sturdy mothers and cautious chaperones that they may only say yes to a Winchester to prevent the necessity of sitting out the rest of the evening; who knows when Lord Novak may decide to take a turn at last, and hadn’t it better be with the young lady in question?
