Tony doesn’t get a chance to make a joke, doesn’t get a chance to ask Bucky if he’s come to see about the possibility of a three-way. The second Bucky notices him, he’s crossed the distance between them in two long strides, presses him back against the nearest wall with enough force to knock the back of Tony’s head against it.
"Or we could meet somewhere in the middle. Italy, maybe. I, uh, never did get the chance to show you the summer house." Steve knows he's breathing shallowly now, but he observes it, more in the periphery than in central focus. It's just a fact that's there. His heart is hammering in his chest, beating a symphony against his ribs, and he swallows thickly, the resultant click sound echoing loud in te dead space around him.
Tony's so sweet though, and so careful about the way he pulls off, Steve can't help but feel his heart swoop just a little, and he smiles, dopily. “Yeah. Yeah I'm ok. It was just…” he smiles softly and his eyes sparkle with
Steve turns around, as soon as he's bumped, an angry comment on his lips, until he realizes he's face to face with the most gorgeous creature in the entire club (aside from Bucky, but he's in the back, working books for Sam who, bless his heart, can't balance finances for shit.) This
. Co-captain of the avengers” The nurse-- Famike he can see her nametag now-- seems nearly shocked at that. Her cheeks go a pretty rose pink, and she shuffles through the paperwork that’s on the clipboard in her hands, semi desperately like he’s searching for any lifeline there is.
Steve means to say something, means to offer tony reassurance, or tell him he missed him too (he did, oh god, he did) but he isn’t prepared to have a hundred and eighty pounds of solid nervous energy flung directly into the center of his chest, and he’s definitely not expecting the sweet smoky scent of heat, not this strong, and not this early. He growls, low in his chest, and some part of his brain that’s functioning more on baser instinct and what feels good, rather than actual logical thought, moves quickly, catching Tony’s slight weight (god, it’s so slight, has he always been this light? Is he eating enough?) and lifting him up into the air.
Steve shakes his head, and ruffles gentle fingers through Tony’s hair. “you’re insufferable. You know that?” Tony nods, with a wicked smile, and Steve leans down to press the gentlest of kisses to Tony’s cheek. “c’mon. I’ll take you.” Tony feels his heart flutter, and make a valiant attempt to beat out of his chest. After everything, he still manages to find himself smiling. This time, he’ll let himself go.
, but he’s not sure that he wants to trust anyone with that secret yet. He looks up, and his blue eyes fall on Tony’s patiently waiting brown ones. His heart skips a beat, like when he was young and the arrhythmia bothered him, any time he ran after Bucky, or found his way into yet another backstreet brawl. It’s just distracting enough that it’s hard to speak, and he tells himself that it’s the reason for the way his voice sounds rough and used when he answers simply with “a second chance.”
Regardless, he chances wrapping his hand around his cock, moaning at the relief that the mere touch alone provides him with. “Think I’m—” He’s cut off by a noise somewhere between a whine and a moan, and the rest of his sentence is just on the cusp of frantic. “Think I’m close, Steve.”
Tony doesn’t need to be told twice, throwing a few incoherent curses in between his moans, because Steve’s just started and already it’s almost too much. From the way he’d been acting since they arrived at the apartment, he’d expected the blonde to have certain worries and concerns, to not push farther than he thought Tony could handle, to be afraid of hurting him. So to be repositioned so quickly after he said the words, be manhandled so easily like his weight was nothing to Steve, it was more than a bit of a turn-on, something much more like a wet dream come true. The sudden attention to his prostate will quickly become tinged with pain, even if he doesn’t come, and he’s well aware of that, but he finds he definitely wants it. He’s switching between moans and whines and full-on screams as he tries to take Steve deeper with each thrust, moving as much as he can in this position. He wants nothing more than to reach down and jerk himself off, but Steve hasn’t made any moves to pay his cock – lying heavy against his stomach – any more attention, and Tony’s not sure if he’s allowed to do it himself. Part of him also wants to make this last as long as possible, and he’d be lying if he didn’t say that the thought of Steve coming but leaving him pent up and frustrated without release wasn’t slightly appealing.
He pulls back slowly, letting himself draw back until only the head of his cock is left inside Tony, and he plunges forward, at a natural pace. There’s a groan in the back of his throat, and it only gets louder as he pulls his hips back again, pushing forward faster, quickly setting a fast and brutal pace.
“he’s not my husband.” Bucky fixes him with a look that’s somehow even less impressed than the last one, and Steve rolls his eyes.
rough, but he's not showing any signs of wanting to stop, and Steve's near desperate himself, already huffing out quiet moans and growls into the scant space between them. He pulls Tony in for a rough messy kiss, and he's smirking as he pulls away. “Missed you while you slept. Kept thinkin’ a you, and all the fun things we could do when you woke up. You're
The thing that ends up tipping him over the edge, seems so unlikely. Tony presses a gentle featherlight kiss to his temple, and when Steve looks up to see the expression on his face, his eyes are closed, one hand rested over his lower stomach. The alpha moans brokenly, and grinds his hips up against Tony’s ass, as his knot pops fully, with enough force to be staggering.
Steve shucks down to just boxers without thinking about it and rubs at his eyes with both hands. He throws the covers back with absolutely no flourish, and smiles at Tony nervously. It's the first time that they'll share a bed together in a way that's as innocent as it is. It's almost enough to cause him nerves. It feels… significant in a way he can't quite label or quantify. Standing beside the bed all night isn't really an option either though, so he carefully gets into bed, reaches for his phone on the nightstand and sends Bucky a text, telling him that he and Tony are sleeping here. He adds a gentle request asking him to come back, but it sounds pathetic, so he deletes it before deciding the text sounds too clinical and adding a simple 'i miss you.’ he sighs and plugs the phone in before turning the light off and rolling over to look at Tony. In the still and the quiet darkness, everything between them feels heavier. He squirms for a minute before finally looking into honey-brown eyes and sighing quietly. “There's one other thing I didn't tell you that I should've.”
With a sigh, he tugs his boxers up a little higher to cover the scar, turning on the faucets for the bath. He skims over Steve’s message, ignores the aching emptiness in his chest, and moves instead to Steve’s contact information, hesitating only for a moment before he hits the call button. There’s a lot that can get lost through text alone, he supposes. It’d…It’d be better to talk.
“I’m sorry?” the new comer steps into the light, and Steve’s breath catches in his chest. He looks almost exactly like Tony. down to the intricate goatee, and the tinted sunglasses (inside.). Steve tilts his head to the side. “who—”
About half an hour later Tony zeroed in on a spot. “And if my name isn’t Tony Stark then that’s it.” He plunged down towards the ocean, not stopping as he dived into the sea, focused on finding his target.
Thank you again. I will continue to say it because you're all lovely & the comments & kudos are my air.
Bruce kept them updated as to the deteriorating condition of Tony's heart and every negative report had Steve hunching further and further in on himself. He was the team leader. He'd gotten so used to Tony's genius getting them out of whatever stupid fix they'd got into, most often Tony's fault in the first place, that he had no idea what to do. The man with a plan had no plan. Nothing. Nada. Bupkiss.
“This isn’t a tactical mission, Steve,” Sam said. “You’re dealing with the fallout of betraying your friends. No amount of planning is going to account for the cost of your actions.”
Tony grinned, sending another beastie over the edge of the gorge to its doom. “Lucifer locked down for another millennium,” he declared. “We just need to make sure we don’t have any kids.”
“I am able to open any door,” Thor declared, cloak billowing out dramatically. Tony heard Bucky snicker. Then he noticed the woman who’d followed Thor in.
Thor was holding Steve down as he thrashed. He couldn’t get away. He was drowning in grief. Everyone was either shouting at him or crying over Tony, and Steve just wanted to follow him into the void.
“He’s a sneaky son of a bitch.” Tony didn’t want to admire him, but it took serious balls to approach the leaders of three of the world’s superhuman teams and expect them to show up.
Steve didn't want Bucky to stop talking to him, but talking about Tony was just painful right now. “Really?”
Steve hugged Tony close. “I’ll take that,” he agreed. Tony’s amazing brain would work something out. “Now, let’s see what Odin sent you.”
“Look, it’s either help us, or have Lucifer somehow breaking free of the Cage and taking over here.” Dean held out his hands. “She’s not stupid.”
There was a brief pause and Steve knew that it was because she was debating on whether to tell him or not. “Dr. Banner is in the communal kitchen,” she said eventually. “He puts the coffee on for the boss, and has tea before his day starts.”
“Fuck Bucky!” Natasha spat. “Tell them the goddamn truth! Tell them all how you left your teammate lying on the freezing floor of a concrete bunker in Siberia with a disabled suit and no way of getting out of there!”
“Stark.” Barnes was suddenly in front of him. “Breathe, Stark. Eyes on me.” Tony lifted his gaze to stare into Barnes’ eyes. “Focus.” Barnes picked up Tony’s hand, placed it on his chest so that Tony could feel the steady lub-dup of his heart. “Breathe with me.”
Tony stood, stuffed his hands in his pockets. “That’s not what I want,” he whispered, eyes seeing nothing but that scene in the lift where he and Bucky and Steve seemed whole.
Strange lifted his gaze. “And you feel obliged to save the Asgardian realm because…?” There was an intensity behind those eyes.
hey, heds up, in the next update, we're definitely gonna see some torture, and mayyybe an overdose, depending on how it breaks down. make sure you mind the tags! sorry this took forever to upload, i just strepthroat, got better from it, caught it again from my esposa, and then got in a car wreck, and caught a sinus infection. yay!
outside Pepper's territory - hence why she's sent Clint, maybe not for a mental health check-up so much as ensuring that nobody grabs him on enemy ground - but he turns down anything he's offered. He doesn't particularly want to take home someone who's high, either, which is going to be easier said than done.
The next few days are a blur, nurses running to and fro, S.H.I.E.L.D officials, and Avengers team members coming to check on Tony, as well as ack what happened. Tony tells most of them that he doesn’t know. He was in the air one minute, and down the next. Steve gets the full story, in a quiet moment, between meals and naps.
He’s completely absorbed in the project that he’s working on, soldering a short in a particularly tricky bit of circuitry, when FRIDAY chimes politely.
Steve wants to argue, wants to retreat, and hide like the overgrown child he is. He’s gotten something horrifically wrong here, misread some message, and missed his chance. He desperately wants to rewind time a few hours, try all over again, or better yet, politely take the fucking cookie and avoid this situation entirely, like the master tactician he’s supposed to be. He wants to melt into the floor, and disappear, but Tony’s form has already retreated, and there really isn’t any other option than to follow him.
"'m sorry," he mumbles, shifting slightly so that there's less tension held between his shoulder blades. He reminds himself to breathe, tries to focus on Steve's scent to calm himself down. He needs to relax. "I'll behave."
Bucky makes a wounded noise in the back of his throat, rubs his thumb over Steve’s knuckles. He can’t…He doesn’t exactly know what to say. He wants to yell, wants to tell Steve that he’s seen what drugs can do to people, seen how they’ve affected him, but he also wants to run from this conversation. It’s not exactly a pleasant one, even if he knows it’s necessary. And he has so many questions. “Where did you get the needles?” he asks, and he tries to keep the combined anger and worry out of his tone. It doesn’t exactly work. “Steve, I…I’ve made sure that the loft and our home’s clear of that shit to deter myself from relapsing; how did you…who gave you the drugs? Who gave you the needles? Heroin’s…” He trails off with a harsh sigh. “Last time I used it, I wound up in the hospital, Stevie. Did you know any time you shoot up with it, you risk an overdose? Higher chance than some of the other drugs. You could’ve died, Steve. You could’ve…” He trails off again, but only because there’s a lump in his throat that he can’t speak around. He really doesn’t want to contemplate having to exist without Steve, doesn’t think he’d be able to. “It’s good you’ve told us,” Tony says when he realises Bucky doesn’t intend on continuing his train of thought. “We can…we can watch out, keep you from doing something stupid. I’ve done it enough times for Jess. And I can help you out, too, Barnes, if you…if you want to try getting clean.”
“when Tony was still in the beginning stages of design, he hit a crucial dev fork. Keep the brand purist, appeal to top medical and technological moguls like himself, or go for the lowest common denominator, make something that can be mass produced, watered down, made indestructible, for all the soccer moms with rowdy kids, and business stiffs with semi-important proposals.” He shrugs slightly, like the rest of the story is obvious, and to be fair, it kind of is, now that it’s all out there. “you see what direction your Tony went. Me—” he gestures disdainfully to the thing in his lap, and makes a vague hand motion, clearly meant to indicate ‘this’. There’s a beat, just a brief thing where it seems like he might actually be ashamed, but after a few seconds, he laughs, and shakes his head. “to be fair though, I have much better media connectivity. Seriously, if this guy ever comes around, one word: Bluetooth.” Steve blinks.
Eventually, Tony starts to feel restless, just sitting. He sighs dramatically, and leans over the side of the wheelchair, draping an arm over his forehead, like some wilting Southern Belle. “whoever will care enough about me, to take back into my room?” he adds to the performance, by batting his eyelashes.
"Just give me, like, thirty minutes," he says, voice quiet. He knows as soon as he's said it that there's no taking it back, that his body's recognized the signal to get rest. "And then wake me up. I
Maybe it would be better, to reach out to Tony, get rejected and just get it over with. at least then, he wouldn’t be in limbo like this, wondering if they’ll fix things, work it out and make something out of this god awful nightmare, or if they’re done forever. He sighs and shakes his head at himself. why is it so hard to make a simple decision? He’s supposed to be an alpha, a protector, the one that’s self assured in any situation. So much for that.
like this. Steve quickly lets go of Tony’s hand (not quite remembering when he picked it up, oddly enough) and faces the door. “This is a private room.”
The reflexes of the human body truly are fascinating. Tony goes with the movement naturally, wrapping his legs around Steve’s hips, and tightening them enough to keep them close, and to keep himself from slipping down. Steve groans softly, and suddenly everything is much, much less innocent.
He ends up giving the team a few simple directives, Sam comes around to help Natasha finish the task, Vision takes his place on air support, and other than that, the team remains mostly unchanged. Barton’s shaking when Steve gets to him, and he isn’t cracking a joke, he isn’t even so much as smirking. all of the color drains out of Steve’s face. Those signs don’t bode well.
Tony smiles at that, because this isn't the first time someone's told him he's distracting. Granted, it's usually Pepper when she's trying to work through paperwork, or Rhodey when he's writing up police reports, or Clint when Tony's ordering take-out with the comms still active on missions. This is a welcome change.
Steve laughs quietly, before pressing a gentle kiss to the top of Tony's head. Being with him is… easy. Frighteningly so, and it feels too much like all those years ago, coming to terms with his feeling for Bucky. Thinking of the enforcer now, hurts his chest. It’s a tiny bit like a knife, like the sharp burn of betrayal, but he pushes past it and smiles at the pretty young thing, in his bed. He’s allowed this, he reminds himself. The relationship is open.
Steve's eyes roam hungrily over Tony's now exposed chest, and he feels the exact instant that his mouth goes dry. Some of the scars he's noticing are pretty bad, a few that look like they might have been taken care of at home. not that alarming, given the state of the healthcare system these days. One scar looks like it might be a gunshot scar, but hey, who the hell is he to judge, he thinks, self-consciously touching along his own stomach. He actively focuses on putting those thoughts aside, and nods, tugging his hoodie and t shirt off all at the same time, as he steps towards Tony, crowding him toward the bedroom. “God, yes” he growls, a mere second before pulling him in for a rough needy kiss.
Tony undoes the locks with shaking hands, the butterflies in his stomach worsening, to the point that they’re damn near bats now, and he absentmindedly wonders if maybe the doctors didn't actually fix him. It doesn't matter now. Opening the door, Tony doesn't hesitate to throw himself at Steve, arms going around the alpha's neck, and it's a move he's blaming entirely on his heat.
“Tony… c’mon, baby, you know I’m big.” And it should sound like a brag at this point, but it’s nothing more or less than the truth. He drags his fingers over the hardened lump of Tony’s prostate, and the next thrust has a little more force behind it. “ I don’t want to hurt you. you'll get me soon, I promise, you gotta calm down for me, ok? I don't... I can't. not with you beggin' like that."
JSOC had stormed the tower not moments after Steve took off, and he answered what felt like a thousand and one questions. He told them… a variation on the truth, which he tells himself makes it a little less awful. As far as they know, Steve had been in the tower, though he doesn’t know why. Really, Rhodey came in on the tail end of the conversation. He heard something about Steve hiding out in Canada, and he’s just /certain/ that as soon as Tony’s conscious, and able to talk, he’ll be willing to corroborate. It’s not much of a head start. But it’s what he can do. Literally, the least he can do, since he’s the one that called Ross in the first place.
here, have two updates, since I took so long to get back to you guys! Minor trigger warning for the use of guns again, and a bit of torture, to a minor character. the torture is separated by another warning and is blocked in by 3 *'s, so you can avoid it.
"No," Tony says, crossing the space between himself and Steve in a heartbeat. He'd known this would happen, had known that Steve would take on the blame just as Tony had in the initial weeks after the miscarriage, even after the doctors had informed him that the miscarriage wasn't anything caused by trauma. It had started five days after Tony got home from Siberia, after all, and the majority agreed that if it had been trauma-related, it would have either happened in the immediate aftermath or a day after. Not five. Tony moves to take Steve's hands in his own, even if there's resistance there from Steve. It stings, but Tony knows it's nothing personal.
He’s battered, and beaten, but hadn’t considered the possibility of ‘broken’. Not until sitting up, and getting…. All of nowhere. “the fuck?” he mutters quietly. He tries to sit up again, and still, nothing happens, and he feels the first few tendrils of panic start to set in. he can’t move. He can’t get up, he can’t wiggle his goddamn toes—this is exactly like those horrible paralysis nightmares he used to have as a kid, where he would wake up in a dead sweat, but even still couldn’t move for a solid thirty seconds or so after his eyes started to take in the vaulted ceiling. He swallows thickly, and a weak voiced whine goes down with the very little saliva he has left.
Clint's convinced that he's hallucinating. Someone - probably Wanda - has to have slipped something into his drink as a joke, and the effects are only starting to set in now. There's no way he's just watched Tony venture into Red Star territory, go to one of the suspected home locations for some of the most elusive members of the rival gang, and fucking kiss one of them. There's no way. He knows that Pepper's been keeping the names and locations under her watch alone (and telling Clint so that he can watch out for anyone, get information), but there's no way she didn't tell Tony. He's not sure if Tony's unwittingly walked into his own death, or if he's the mole. Regardless, he pulls his hood up a little further, obscures his face and sticks to the shadows across the street. In less than five seconds, he's got his phone pressed to his ear. She picks up on the second ring. "I think Tony's in danger," he says, because it's a hell of a lot less painful to say that than to say he thinks Tony's double-crossed them.
Tony hums, all fake consideration himself, and leans down to kiss Steve's forehead. His gestures are overly fond and he knows it, but part of him is already mourning the fact that this night has to end, and he's determined to commit as much of it to memory as he can. Maybe he'll get lucky and cross paths with Steve again, maybe once he's no longer working with The Hunt. Maybe. He doesn't really know if he'll ever
There's a noise torn from Tony's chest that's entirely too close to a sob for comfort, and he focuses instead on arching his back, trying to take as much of Steve as he can. Fingers are far better than tongue in terms of making the fog that's settled over his mind dissipate enough to at least think through it, but it doesn't help with anything in the long run. The only thing that's going to ease any of the heat is Steve's knot, and Tony knows that Steve can't hold out for much longer, that it has to be taking every ounce of self control he has to not jump straight in at the pass, but Tony doesn't know how much longer he can wait.
It's nearly ten at night when Clint notices Tony slipping out of the safehouse - back exit to a small, secluded alleyway. Had Clint not been loitering about, waiting for a delivery to arrive, he probably wouldn't have noticed Tony leaving at all. Tony certainly doesn't realize he's being watched, posture far too relaxed for that. He nearly calls out to him, asks him where the hell he's going when he's needed for the gathering Intel part of the next mission, but he catches himself at the last second, sends a text asking for Jessica to cover for the delivery Instead, and sets about following Tony. One of Pepper's cars or bikes would be too obvious, so he hails a cab a few minutes after Tony does, when he can just see Tony's cab turning right at the end of the street. Tony's rarely the most cautious guy, so Clint doubts he'll be checking for anyone following him, but better to be safe than sorry. Information about their hits has been leaking to the targets lately, and Clint hates to assume it's Tony, but he's been acting shady.
be working with them, wonders if he'll end up caught in another, more fatal firefight before he can. He holds back a sigh, moves down to kiss Steve's nose, then his lips.
“Edward. Edward Anthony.” Steve scoffs quietly, or else he must show some derision on his face, because Edward fixes him with an unimpressed look.
“He wasn’t.” Tony notices Clint in the main doorway at the same time as Bucky whirls around and fires off a shot, hitting the doorframe and missing Clint’s head by about an inch. Tony can’t tell if he missed on purpose or not. Clint looks moderately offended, raises his hands in a gesture that’s supposed to mean surrender, and doesn’t try to move further into the loft.
“Hot Tub Time Machine.” Rhodey nodded at Scott respectfully. “Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. Basically, any movie that deals with time travel.”
Sam took the rope and tied it around his waist. “I’m the one who got in this way before.” He passed it over to Steve. “We should hurry.”
Bucky’s smile widened. It was a preferred expression on his gorgeous face to the devastation of earlier. “Aw, babe, is that Tony-speak for ‘take me, I’m yours’?”
“We should get going,” Bruce said when they reached the lawns and stood in front of the Quinjet. “Maybe you can give me a lift?” He looked at Tony in question.
“And how do you feel, Tony?” The voice wasn’t F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s but Tony was just a little too far gone to notice.
Tony gulped. “Fine!” he exclaimed, knowing he sounded more than a little manic. “Fine! One hundred percent, never been better.”
Wanda walked to him, eyes shining crimson. “The vision I gave you has not come true, Tony Stark.” The years had not softened her accent, even though it had softened her attitude towards him. “There is still time.”
“I’ve had enough scientists poking at me for several hundred lifetimes,” Bucky said. “You want my blood; you’re going to have to kill me for it.”
“You’re not making any sense, Stark.” Bucky was looking at him with a narrowed gaze. “Sure you haven’t hit that thick head of yours on something and scrambled your brain?”
“Sushi is a delicacy, you Philistine,” Tony remonstrated. “Only cultured people get how awesome it is. Paired with champagne, there’s nothing better.”
“Nothing about that makes sense,” Rhodey said, smacking Clint’s hand away from his plate. “Get your own shit, loser.” He curled his lip. “Letting a girl beat you up.”
Sam looked at Steve, eyes wide and pleading. “Yes,” he sighed. “For god's sake, get out of here and go flying with your war buddy.”
Steve folded like a bad hand of cards, with the full force of the Stark pout directed at him. He sent a helpless glance over to Natasha who just rolled her eyes. “You’re pathetic,” she told him.
“Three’s the thing.” Rhodes turned around, eyes stormy. “He doesn’t hate any of you. He’s a sentimental fool who has spent most of his life buying people to show him affection. What the hell do you think the Avengers Tower was? He didn’t need to keep you all close.”
Rhodey grinned at him. “I’ve been getting you like that for thirty years, Tones. Every goddamn time.”
“Well,” Tony knew that his Bucky trump card would totally do the trick, but he decided to try other options first. He turned back around and thankfully Bruce had shielded his junk with some foliage. “Nat is pining.” Like using his super-scary, deadly assassin best girl (after Pepper) as a legitimate lure was ever going to be a smart option.
“Loki was the name of my brother,” Thor said, something dead in his voice. It hurt to hear. “He, along with the rest of my family, was taken by the Wraith when I was away on a hunting trip.”
Tony turned so that his laughter was muffled against Rhodey’s neck. “Oh my god, that was fucking hilarious.”
Clint’s face crumpled and he let Bucky haul him in. He slumped against Bucky, arms loose around his waist. “God, I miss them
“NO! God, Clint, no. this… this has to do with work. Not… not last night.” he says, semi cryptically. Clint narrows his eyes at him, skeptically, and the smaller man simply shrugs, so Clint stands down. For now. There’s a fight there, but the sniper isn’t sure he’s ready to have it, if it isn’t causing problems for Tony or Clint, or the gang at large.
He runs a hand through his hair, leans back against the arm of the couch, flexing his fingers over the keyboard. The live footage playing out before him shows Jessica and Wanda undercover, trying to subtly extract information before they resort to more serious measures. More deadly measures. He has another algorithm running on one of the computers at the opposite side of the room, glances over at it every few seconds to check the progress. At the loft, he'd managed to latch onto the signals both Steve and Barnes' phones had been sending off, could use it to remotely trace and track and hack.
Tony’s breath catches in his throat at Steve’s suggestion, and he half expects Rhodey to come crashing through the door and slap the phone out of his hand, into the water. Rhodey seems to have developed a sixth sense for when Tony’s about to do something incredibly, incredibly stupid, and Tony would be lying if he said it hadn’t saved him from more than one near death experience. It would make things easier now, for certain, because Tony doesn’t know what he wants.
He groans softly, and flops back into the mattress, debating the merits of attempting to suffocate himself with his own pillow.
Steve smiles softly, and makes a concerted effort to keep the pleased rumble that wants to work its way out of his chest under control. “of course.” He says softly, just above a whisper. Honestly, he’d give damn near everything he has, to get to nap next to Tony, after everything that’s happened between them. He’s probably not going to be able to sleep well, not with the way the rut’s already burning away at his skin, pushing him further and further out of his own mind, but Tony doesn’t need to know that. Hell, if he’s being honest, Tony probably already knows that. They’ve done this enough. “wherever you’re most comfortable. Don’t worry about me.”
“So, you do know who I am.” he says evenly, hiding the rigid set to his mouth behind the square cut glass, taking a slow sip.
“Baby.” Steve says in the most wrecked voice he thinks he's ever heard. “Don't you dare leave me, James, don't you leave me! This isn't the end of the line!”
“Missed you too, Star. God, I missed you too.” The nickname rolls out of his mouth with no effort, just like it always has, but this time, it makes something in his chest ache. It’s the first time he’s used it in ages, and it feels so bittersweet.
Absently, Tony follows the movement of Steve's fingers through his hair, tipping his head back and to the side to give Steve easy access to his bonding glands, should he choose to mark Tony this time. He feels almost as though he's trapped underneath the surface of a body of water, but it's not necessarily an unpleasant feeling. It just takes a lot longer for Steve's words to reach him than it usually would.
“You’re in a Ferris Bueller’s Day Off themed shirt. Steve. Honey. We both know I’m hallucinating.” Steve prime (the impersonator?) sighs, and shakes his head softly.
“Boss…” somehow, she manages to sound sympathetic. “it’s been an hour. You should get something to eat.” Huh. An hour. That’s… interesting. That doesn’t mesh with his mental clock at all. Still, an hour isn’t that much time, and he’s survived worse.
By the second day of the third week, Tony’s spending most of the morning in the bathroom, being sick, or trying not to. They go out in the evening, to an impossibly small drug store that doesn’t look like it could hold much more than the contents of a couple of shelves worth of merchandise. They buy a box of purple tests, and they both cry when every single one of them turns out positive.
“go ahead. Ask your boy-toy there how he got his name. Howard and Maria argued about the order a lot, Edward Anthony or Anthony Edward. The day she went into labor, Maria called Howard to come to the hospital, but he ‘couldn’t’ get out of a ‘meeting’ with his secretary. Since he never showed up, she just decided.” Steve blinks confused, and Edward rolls his eyes. “jesus, and they told me you were smart. I’m from a different universe. The other side of an Einstein-Rosen bridge, a galaxy far far away, all that jazz. In my reality, Howard actually bothered to show up, drunk mind you, and signed the birth cert before Maria woke up.” He shrugs briefly, and gestures over to Tony. “so. Tony.” he turns his finger toward himself, and smile self deprecatingly. “Ed. Or E.A.”
“how are you, baby?” he asks, breathlessly, resting his forehead against Tonys. His skin is cold from the outside, and some mother hen part of Steve pouts, wanting to keep him warm and safe forever—like that was possible, with a mobster. “hinny, you’re chilled through, let’s get you upstairs.”
anymore Stevie, c’mon, you gotta know how huge that is.” Steve makes an involuntary whine, and shakes his head, turning away and looking anywhere but at the eyes that have him pinned like a bug under a microscope, unable to escape.
Bucky raises his head off of the countertop, and shakes it slowly. “nah, I’m pretty sure I know where he is. ‘m not worried.” lie. “he just… didn’t mention finding anyone worth leaving with.” And that’s the crux of the issue, isn’t it? They’ve been together for eight years, married for six, they’ve always said that if there was anyone else, there was no reason to cheat, just be upfront about it. But neither of them had ever bothered to find anyone else. Bucky shakes his head, willing the self-pitying thoughts away.
"I mean, you do still owe me a breakfast," he says slowly, and his grin has to be audible. He's still not entirely sure how he feels about the fact that Steve's married, but the relationship - can he even class what they have as that yet? - doesn't seem to be bothering Bucky, and maybe that's a good sign. Maybe that's the universe telling Tony to go for it. "I get off work in another hour, and I'll be there on time. Promise." At least Steve now has his number to call him, if needs be.
The sunrises here are gorgeous, and Steve thinks, not for the first time, about painting them. Oils, he thinks, they’d blend the most evenly. Though they still wouldn’t do a damn bit of justice to the way the hard packed earth bleeds seamlessly into the horizon, like maybe if you look at it closely enough, you’d begin to wonder if the earth and the heavens were one all along. No amount of acrylic, or gouache, pastels, or ink would capture the way the sun sparkles on the water of the river like a promise and a trick at the same time. even if they would, his heart wouldn’t be in it. Not anymore.
"I miss you too. So much, Tony. I can't... I can't breathe through it sometimes. God, I want you here, beside me..." Pregnant, married, happy. All the things you deserve. All the things I took from you. "Everything's so... Fucked up." Tony chuckles, but there’s no humor in it.
“Stark, as in… Howard Stark?” agent 13 nods, but offers nothing else, leaving the room shortly after. Always something to do, in a shadow government agency, Steve supposes. he smiles to himself, looking back to the dossier, and flipping it open. It’s nice, that his old friend managed to make something of himself. Build an empire, and carry on his work. He doesn’t know who this Tony is, but he figures if he has to watch someone, it’s nice that he’s watching the person who’s in control of Howards legacy. Maybe this won’t be so bad. A photograph falls out, a snapshot of Tony. He looks handsome, in that devil-may-care kind of way, a gentle wave of cedar brown hair, sunglasses pushed high up into it. He wore a faded shirt that had definitely seen better days, and jeans with holes and tears all through them. Almost everything about him seemed carefully constructed to be unremarkable, but the thing that kept drawing Steve in was his eyes. they were brown, but only insomuch, as the sky was ‘blue’ or the sun was ‘yellow’, ‘brown’ didn’t seem to be nearly enough of a description for the color that those eyes were.
Steve huffed, and slapped the folder closed, stashing it in his desk, and flopping down into the horrifically uncomfortable bed S.H.I.E.L.D. had provided him. He told himself that it was simple artistic fascination that was to blame, for his dreams of rich, dark, glittering eyes.
“No need for us to suspect withdrawal as a factor then. The doctor will likely order a few tests, to see if we can isolate the cause of the coma. From there it’s just… a waiting game.” Steve nods, and makes a mental note to tell the team what’s gone on so far. Familke pats Steve on the shoulder somewhat awkwardly, and goes to move away. “Try not to worry, mister Rogers. Our staff is among some of the best in the state.” that’s the second time he’s heard that said, and not surprisingly, it doesn’t offer him any more comfort than it did the first time.
Doubtless, JSOC can shut the power down, he thinks, and no sooner had the thought crossed his mind, than did the lights in the hallway go dark. That’s inconvenient, but that doesn’t do shit about the shaft, and all he needs, is to be able to get low enough that he can survive a drop to the ground.
"'m good," he says, and it's not a lie for the first time in a couple months. "Busy with work, but what else is new?" He shrugs slightly, rolls his shoulders and cracks his neck. "Have you been okay?" he asks, and he almost sounds hesitant, like he doesn't want the answer. "I really am sorry about the wait, sweetheart. I overestimated my abilities, thought I'd get the number within a few days, not a few weeks." And Tony just prays that he hasn't hurt Steve, though his gut tells him that he probably has. Still, there should be plenty of time to make up for it now that they're actually talking again.
Steve’s panting with effort, by the time that he pulls his fingers away. And his hands tremble with the pure need to grasp. “fuck. You… you ready for me?”
Tony so damn much. Spent nights and days waiting, only to give up hope completely, get as drunk or as high as he could in the hope to forget him, picked up as many thin brunettes as he could for a quick round of hate sex and started the whole process over again, the next day. He shakes his head trying to forget about it. “How-h-how have you been?”
In the few seconds it took Steve to grab himself pajama pants, Tony repositioned himself so that he was under the covers instead of on top of them, because he doesn't want to be cold, but he doesn't want to get dressed either. He raises an eyebrow at Steve's question, mostly because he's been tipsy half the night and Steve didn't seem to mind, and there were people doing far more dangerous things in the club that Tony hadn't paid much attention to. After a beat, he shakes his head, shifts slightly so he's back on his side with one arm tucked under the pillow.
Tony raises an eyebrow, and huffs out a soft laugh, that’s disbelieving, and amused, and cold all at once. It would be a really amusing feat, probably, if it weren’t directed at him, Clint thinks. “Does it?” the brunet asks softly, his tone too close to earnest for Clint to really be comfortable with. “How many times, Clint. In three and a half years, how many times has it happened?”
“Yeah?” Tony blinks a few times, before breaking out into a hysterical laugh.  “You make a movie reference. You made an 80’s movie reference, and you were under the ice then, which means that you know things you shouldn’t. if you know things you shouldn’t… fuck. I’m hallucinating.” Steve pouts softly, a gentle sloping downturn of his pink lips, and tilts his head to the side, as if hurt.
Tony’s apologies make Steve whine softly, and he pulls away, slowly but determinedly, like he’s been scolded for something. He should have known better, should have allowed Tony more space. They haven’t seen each other in months, and this… this is all too much at once.
“Right, so if he ain’t your husband, why you mopin’?” Steve opens his mouth to argue, and Bucky flicks Steve’s chest right in the middle, where the heavy gold titanium alloy ring sits. “and why you carryin’ that thing around, and havin’ the audacity to think I won’t notice, huh?” Steve sighs heavily, and his posture goes lax, all at once, as every bit of his fight is sapped out of him.
“No.” Steve used his ‘Captain America’ voice. “You don’t get to touch yourself,” he ordered. And who knew that being told what to do in the bedroom would be a thing that turned Tony Stark on faster than a gas burner?
As Tony, Bruce and Vision launched into a conversation of scientific and techno-babble that he had no way of following, Steve settled back against the bay door, closing his eyes. He needed to get some rest now, while there was a chance. He had the feeling that the next few days were going to have little opportunity for it.
The laughter turned of course, as it always did. His chest seized, breathing became an effort and his eyes filmed over with tears. Pepper hauled him into her arms, holding him as tightly as she could. Bruce wrapped himself around him from behind, his wiry arms surprisingly strong.
“Even if the wish is in direct contradiction with the laws of science and nature,” Loki nodded, alarmingly forthcoming. It quite clearly was the Apocalypse.
Bucky brought up the rear, keeping well back from Thor. Steve thought that Bucky was quite possibly the smartest of them right now.
“Where is it?” Thor demanded. “We need to retrieve it at once!” The sky rumbled outside and everyone took a breath.
It took Steve a moment to process what he’d just seen and heard. “Tony?” he asked, watching the Iron Man armor closely.
Sam shrugged. “It’s kinda our thing though, isn’t it?” He looked around at them. “I mean, accomplishing the impossible.”
“Captain Rogers, Agent’s Barton and Romanoff and Airman Wilson are indeed in the residence,” Vision said, looking over Tony’s shoulder. “Sergeant Barnes.”
The opening bars of 'Closer' hit him like a percussion instrument and he dived into the technology that would keep his brain busy while his subconscious worked out just what had happened.
Rhodey lifted his head. “You’re a complete dick, you know that, right? His mouth curved. “I hate you.”
“I appreciate the sentiment,” Tony said with a wry smile, “But we know that you will put others before your own desires.”
ogle Captain America’s dick, thank you very much. “You hurt me,” he said eventually, watching as Steve’s eyes clouded.
“It’s my second favorite movie, Tony. It’s one of the only ones you’re willing to watch with me without debunking the science.” Steve sat on the edge of the bed. “I mean, after Star Wars.”
“You speak of the time-travelling,” Thor boomed, coming up behind Clint, Jane and Darcy on each arm. “That was a most interesting few weeks.”
“No chick flick moments please,” Rhodes said. “He’s my brother from another mother, but I don’t need to hear about how pretty he is to you.”
Tony felt his eyes burning again. “You have nothing to be sorry for, Buck. Nothing.” He closed his eyes, let the weak afternoon light warm his skin.
The pain in his chest grew until it was a vice that pressed his entire being together. “I don’t understand.”
Natasha's mouth curved. It was kinda creepy, Steve thought. “I believe the term 'dumbass' is as applicable to you as it is to this one.” She nodded towards Tony.
Tony shifted again, uncomfortable with the turn of the conversation. “You don't have to butter me up, Bucky. I'm pretty much a sure thing.” He realized what he'd said and coughed. “Uh...” So much for having all of the variables, he thought.
“Well, this looks like a swell party.” Natasha strolled into the workshop with a pronounced sway to her hips. “Hey boss.” Her lips curled in a smirk.
“I think I’d better have a long chat with the director in the very near future.” Steve’s growl was pretty cute, Tony thought. At least he wasn’t mad at Tony much anymore.
Strange shook his head. “The world tree is sentient.” He dropped to his haunches and placed his hand on the floor. “We wish no harm,” he murmured. He closed his eyes and took several deep breaths.
“Yes.” Steve hated to admit it, but he swallowed hard as his breath sped up again. “I don’t want anything to happen to ….”
“He has had a vision,” Loki said. “He told Heimdall that Jörmungandr’s plan would not only destroy this universe, but all others.”
Bucky’s smile was bright and mischievous. It was the first time Steve believed that Bucky was on his way back to him. In every way.
Steve lifted his head sharply, meeting Bucky’s gaze. The hope there was almost too much to bear. Bucky looked back at Bruce. “Yeah, Doc, that would be great. I'm about done with having Hydra in my head.”
“I said something like that to Tony,” Steve admitted. “I said that no matter if he was in the armor or nor, he was still Iron Man.”
He turned the box around to show Steve the orb. It looked like a metallic version of the arc reactor. “What do you think?”
“Lang’s ride,” Rhodes said, unbuckling and heading out of the door. A beautiful dark-haired woman waited for him, tapping a thick-soled boot.
Steve didn’t hesitate, and he noticed that Bucky didn’t either. The only thing he was focused on was getting to Tony. “Is anyone with him, F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” he called as they raced towards the nearest window.
Tony felt a pang. “I’m sorry that I just checked out for some time there.” He looked around the room. They were all paying attention to him now. “I’m a selfish man.”
Natasha and Clint were sharing a bottle of vodka, drinking straight out of the bottle. It looked horribly appealing.
“I know you’re not part of the team anymore.” Clint just barrelled on, stomping all over Tony’s guilty conscience. “Seriously though, your first loyalty should have been to Steve.”
“Ultron was the tipping point,” Natasha said. “That was when the world stopped trusting us to protect them.”
Fury’s eye narrowed. “You know, I much preferred you when you didn’t hang around with Stark so much,” he said. “Your sarcasm quotient increases exponentially with the time you spend with him.”
“I’ll introduce you to Barney the Dinosaur later,” Tony said. He was astonished at how easily these traumatized children had taken to Barnes. There had been not one single moment of fear.
Tony leaned against the back wall of the elevator, hands shoved in his pockets and eyes fixed on Steve.
Tony ignored him, moving quickly towards his car. Another reporter shouted, “Hey, Mr. Stark! When is somebody gonna kill this guy? Just sayin'.”
“I don’t blame him, you know.” Tony’s voice was deceptively calm. Steve could feel the vibrating emotions throughout Tony’s body. He didn’t touch him though. He knew better. “I know that whatever killed my parents was just a weapon, aimed and fired. I wish he didn’t feel so guilty about it.”
“He’s right, you know.” Tony’s gaze swung to Bruce who had a soft smile on his face. “You take care of all of us. Nat gets new weapons, Clint gets extra souped-up arrows, Steve gets better armor, I get Bruce-to-Hulk pants…” Tony grinned at that.
“When did it change?” Rhodes asked. Steve was surprised at just how civilized this conversation was. He had expected at least one punch with the War Machine armor by now.
“What do you reckon he’s up to?” Rhodey asked as he and Wanda unpacked the food they’d brought from the local diner.
saying that you never gave any of us a chance to contribute to the Accords. You just presented them to us as fait accompli and expected us to sign them within three days.”
So I decided to leave much of Tony's adventure in Jotunheim to your imagination. There is a brief summary here for the benefit of the team & I will expand a little more later, but for the most part, what happens in Mímisbrunnr stays in Mímisbrunnr.
Mama’s lived up to the hype as usual, and they stumbled into the tower about an hour later, sated and sleepy.
Shorter chapter but the next one will be meatier. Tony is for sure the hero of the day. He's my hero anyway. Sometimes the hardest thing is to sit on the sidelines and watch someone else lie on top of the hand grenade.
He walked through the large glass doors, into the garden. It wasn’t the neat, precise rows of cultivated beds that Steve had expected. It reminded him of one of the books Tony had recommended to him, The Secret Garden. There were nooks and crannies, bowers and hidey-holes all around and it didn’t take Steve long to burrow himself into one of the hammocks that swung gently between two huge trees.
“My brother has divulged his alliance with the Mad Titan, Thanos, in his quest to conquer Earth,” Thor sighed.
“He just dragged me inside,” Bucky said. Steve waited. “I showed up at his door, messed-up and broken, and he just grabbed hold of me and wouldn’t let go.”
“And he expects this to happen because..?” Clint asked, handing Natasha a couple of slices of bread.
“I meant doing it alone,” Natasha said, squeezing him. “That won’t happen again.” It wasn’t a request.
Thor pushed him down onto a sofa, promptly sitting down beside him. “Stop berating yourself, brother,” he ordered. “What is done is done and cannot be undone. The only thing for us to do now is to move forward.”
“Just like that?” Rhodey asked. Tony was going to have a lot of fun ribbing him about his visible crush on Supergirl.
“That’s not what you said when we first talked about the Accords.” Tony’s voice was sharp with accusation as he tucked his hands into his armpits. “What were your exact words? Ah yes, “The safest hands are our own.””
“It was like… remember how it felt, the first time we were together? When we were, what 15 and 17, how it felt like everything was falling apart around us, and it was new, and terrifying, and perfect too?” He's maybe being a little poetic but he remembers clearly, the world shaking apart as Bucky held him together, in solid arms. He squirms slightly, because it's almost uncomfortable, being this candid with his husband, of all people, who shouldn't have to hear him describe how life changing a one-night stand with someone else was, but if anyone stands a chance of understanding, it's him. “And it wasn't… it wasn't just how I felt either… there was something there, Buck, I know there was. I was shaking all over, after, and he just rolled us over and kisses me through it. Keep saying how I was ok, we were ok. I…” he stills, and shakes his head in disbelief. “It was more than sex for just a minute.” Bucky stares at Steve for a few seconds, then shakes his head slightly. He wants to relocate them to the bed, sit down and talk instead of standing by the doorway, but he's not entirely sure he wants to sit on the bed until the sheets have been washed. Being okay with Steve having a one night stand - if it can even still be called that - is one thing, but sitting down on the bed after it is another entirely.
“Such a good little thing for me, aren’t you, Tony? so good.” He doesn’t hesitate any longer, pulling Tony’s cheeks apart, and leaning forward, to lave at his hole slowly. The taste of slick, sweet and heavy and perfect, is almost enough to stagger Steve. He knows he growls again, but he can’t bring himself to care, in the slightest.
Dum-E presses forward with the blanket more insistently, and Tony rolls his eyes, taking the blanket off the bot and moving to set it over on the couch in the corner. “I’ll go up to bed, alright?” he asks, and he’d feel crazy if he didn’t know that they could understand him. They couldn’t respond, but they could understand. Burner phone in hand, he heads for the elevator, already wondering whether or not he should’ve just left it in the drawer.
Steve looked at them, his beautiful boys and shivered. “I wish you could see how gorgeous the two of you look right now,” he said.
Tony sighed. “I need to ask him about someone,” he said. “And that’s all I’m going to say about it.”
Bucky sat on the arm of the sofa staring at him. “I thought you said an empty stomach meant a full mind?” he asked.
Pepper smacked his head. “Be sure brain is engaged before putting mouth into gear,” she intoned as though she was the Dalai Lama. “You planning on answering the man?” Her smile was pure evil. Tony worshipped her.
“How the hell…?” Steve allowed Bucky to pull him to his feet. He looked around and his friends were all in varying states of recovery.
He took several shaky breaths, trying to get his body under control. Bucky gripped his thigh with his hand. “Come on, punk, you can fall apart once we know that Stark’s okay.”
Steve was coming, he thought. Because Bucky was here. Steve wasn’t coming to see Tony. Steve was coming for Bucky.
There was an ease there, a trust that Steve recognized. A level of closeness that he’d once had with Bucky. Whatever was going on between them, they knew each other well.
Pepper reached out to smack at Tony but the helmet formed instantly around his head and she yelped as her hand struck metal.
“Just let me wallow in my misery for a while longer, please,” Tony begged. “I’m going to pretend that the rest of the world has been over-taken by zombies and we’re the last remaining humans.”
“The Avengers are mine now. Actually, pretty much anyone with a power is under my jurisdiction. Since the disbanding of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the re-writing of the Accords, there hasn’t been anyone in charge of the superhuman community.” Tony looked over at Coulson. “So, the UN decided that I was the guy for the job.”
Sam snorted coffee out of his nose and Dean made a noise that sounded like a dying whale as he laughed.
Steve wasn’t sure what had prompted this, but he’d grown to like Wanda a lot. She was direct and honest. He appreciated that in the business they were in. “What are you getting at, Wanda?” Steve asked.
“We’re all fine, Cap,” Sam said. “The witchdoctor did his woo-woo thing and put a sort of containment bubble around you guys. We saw it happening but couldn’t hear anything.”
“We’re focused, babe,” Tony promised. “Like lasers. We even have a plan.” He waved a hand at Sam and Dean. “Well, part of a plan,” he amended.
Steve snorted a laugh. “Yeah, but they're ours.” And they were. Tony, Thor, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Sam, Rhodey, Wanda, Vision  and now Bucky, were all part of a cohesive whole that Steve could actually see working.
Bruce looked at Tony and saw the same misery that he’d seen in Bucky’s eyes when he’d opened his front door. He wanted to give Bruce a safe place to hide as much as he'd given Bucky.
“Of course not,” Steve said, confused at the sudden change of subject. “Unrestricted access to guns is one of the single biggest causes of death in the world. Especially in the US.”
“I’m afraid Mr. Stark has given instructions that I’m not to let you in, Captain Rogers.” F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s calm voice infuriated him.
Tony practically fell over his feet in his haste as he passed Strange and Skurge to move nearer to Loki’s son. “I hope I’m not being offensive,” he began. Strange snorted behind him, the dick. “Why did you think this was a good idea?”
“I’m forty. Forever. Got it?” He glared at her. Her eyes rolled so hard that she probably saw yesterday.
Rhodey tells Steve his fortune. Tony escapes his priso...hospital room and runs into someone unexpected. Steve
“I thought that perhaps we should talk,” Steve said, grabbing the first mug he could reach. The smirk that crossed Bruce’s face briefly had him looking down. “
Steve eyed the animal. “Maybe you should put her back in the cage. I mean, she’s already hurt Tony.” The hissed rumble was response enough.
Warning again for the lack of science. And for hung-over, surly superheroes. This scene was fun to write.
“That is so fucking hot,” Tony said as Steve stepped to the wall, hand carefully shielding Tony’s head from connecting with the tiles.
Tony was way past drunk and well into death by alcohol poisoning territory. He was pretty proud of himself. He swayed a little, leaning against Bruce as he elaborated on his argument for time travel.
“Show a little respect, dickhead,” Bucky said, shoveling a forkful into his mouth. “It was Clint’s wife’s.”
“Ooh, I like the sound of that.” Tony flirted like he breathed and there was no way that anything was going to happen with Dean and his pensioner boyfriends in the room. “What did I win?”
“Thanks, Einstein,” Sam said, but he was smiling. Clint flipped him off. “We treat Set like we treat Crowley.”
“Fuck,” Tony grumbled. “You are so lucky I love you. You are the mozzarella of cheeses, Steven.” His mouth was curved beneath Steve’s kiss though. They were both smiling too hard to make the kiss count.
Inevitably, the newest members of the team followed a couple of days later. Vision, Wanda and Sam stared around them when Tony welcomed them to his not-so-humble abode.
“Hey,” Tony lifted their joined hands to his chest where his heartbeat gave its steady lup-dub. “I’m alive. Peggy gave part of the universe as well as pieces of herself to me so that I could live. She thinks you’re the best thing since chocolate, by the way.”
“If you are not angry then the Hulk does not appear?” T’Challa looked interested now, he hadn’t been briefed on this part of the presentation.
“Of course we will,” Tony said, tapping the bracelets once more to get the armor to retract. “We’re the Avengers.”
“Fear makes people do terrible things,” Xavier said. “And because we are so different, you fear us.” He sighed. “No matter what we do to save you, you will always be afraid.”
Tony gave a screech, sitting up abruptly again. Steve barely managed to catch him. “Don’t you fucking touch my cat, you evil monster!” he yelled.
“Definitely Banner,” Clint said, exchanging a look with Steve. “He's the shit when it comes to gamma radiation.”  They both carefully didn’t look at Natasha.
Dean’s eyes were bleak. “He keeps trying to take Sam from me.” He tugged Sam closer. “He’s a real sonofabitch.” Yeah, Tony wasn’t touching that one.
“No.” Natasha shook her head. “I just know where the Quinjet crashed and made some fairly logical leaps.” She met Steve's gaze. “You knew. Fury must have told you too.”
Steve looked back at Loki who still stood against the wall with his eyes wide. “You should maybe talk to him.” He motioned to Thor.
“He’d cut the wire,” Steve said, looking at Tony with so much emotion in his eyes that Tony had to look away.
The long silence before Steve spoke told Tony that this was the crux of the thing. “And don’t you fucking lie to me, Steven!”
“Tony is the sort who does first and then thinks later,” Natasha said, watching Steve carefully, like he was some sort of dangerous explosive. She wasn’t far wrong. Steve felt too big for his skin right now.
They both sat silent for a moment, contemplating that. “Yeah,” Tony nodded. “You're right. Totally gay.”
He waved his tablet in front of Clint. “We don’t have enough crazy in our lives? You have to bring in a couple of murderous, ‘dead’ psychopaths?” Steve rescued the tablet from Tony’s flailing grasp.
Barnes followed Steve’s lead, stepping onto one of Tony’s boots and grabbing the plate at his left shoulder.
“Like Super Nanny?” Lila asked; eyes bright. “Are you Super Nanny, Uncle Tony?” The spluttering laugh from Pepper had Tony glaring at her.
“How do you get a reaper to pop on over?” Tony asked. He’d made sure that F.R.I.D.A.Y. recorded everything that the Winchesters said. It could come in handy in the future.
“Steve?” Bucky’s confused question had Steve spinning to look at him as he collapsed, crumbling to dust.
“Kidnapped?” Bucky asked, a big hand coming up to his chest and covering the spot where his heart beat. “Machine?”
“I know that you just turned Earth into a black hole,” Bruce scoffed. “You’re responsible for the death of billions.”
Tony scooted away from him, almost ending up in Bucky's lap. “Jeez, Banner, and you let me hug you naked!”
Dean nodded. “We only have a few left now. Don’t be a douche.” He poked at Clint’s chest when Sam let him go.
“At least someone recognizes my power,” Crowley muttered, swerving to avoid the pleading hands of the tormented. “Stop that,” he said, smacking grasping fingers. “I’ve just had this coat dry-cleaned.”
Tony had managed to convince himself that theirs was a platonic relationship based on cerebral similarities. If he ever tried to think about them actually…..ugh.
Loki pulled away from Thor, eyes wet and wounded. “Nothing that has been done to me is less than what I deserve for betraying my father.” He seemed intent on self-flagellation.
“It was either put Tony Stark in charge or put all superhumans in jail.” Coulson was even blunter than Tony had been. He was also over-sharing. This wasn’t supposed to come out.
“You took your time getting back to him though.” Sam wasn’t shy about pointing out Steve’s shortcomings.
“Tones.” Rhodey waited for him, Bruce rolling his eyes. “This isn’t one of your media conferences where you get to control things.”
Steve wasn’t coping well. Somehow, Bruce had figured out an antidote to the venom from Matilda. But something had gone wrong. The Tony that had opened his eyes in the infirmary after a week in the stasis pod wasn’t the Tony that they all knew. The Tony that
Pepper was pouring tea, sitting in between Happy and Rhodey, smiling at something Rhodey was saying.
Tony saluted her. She’d keep Thor busy and round up the idiot who was trying to kill the other half of earth’s population.
Vision stepped nearer, ran a hand over the new code. “I believe you are correct, Tony.” He looked back at Bruce. “I apologize for doubting you, Dr. Banner.”
came home,” Scott protested. His face was a little red from arguing with Tony. Steve could appreciate the feeling.
Still saying nothing, they walked through what Tony was privately calling the abattoir. Surprisingly, at one point, Barnes took his place at Tony’s shoulder and Steve took the rear.
Bucky whined a little into Tony’s neck. Tony frowned. So did Steve. That hadn’t been a particularly happy sound.
Tony’s gaze went unfocused. “Hmmm.” He felt his mouth curving in a smile. “Getting freaky with Steve and Bucky.” He looked at Pepper, heart suddenly racing.  “Pep, I have
Strange lays it all out. Tony takes his side. Steve objects. Strange wins. It's all perfectly awful right now.
It was just that simple, Tony thought. He was in love with the person who’d been used to kill his parents, and he didn’t care. He was in love with the person who’d been ordered to murder countless hundreds, and he didn’t care.
While he pondered the visible water-stains on the roof of his shower, flashes of the night before came back and slapped him across the face.
“According to my snoopy AI, about three million.” Tony watched the astonishment on Bucky’s face with glee.
Steve dropped his face into Tony’s neck, shaking with laughter. The movement gave Tony a few extra tingles as his body adjusted to the intrusion.
Bruce stomped over to the console and keyed a few strokes. The model twisted a little, reconfigured and settled. “There.”
Bucky’s shoulder shook a little. “What’s ‘shad’?” Bucky asked, sounding amused. Tony liked Bucky’s amused voice. He liked that Bucky could actually find things amusing now.
She shook her head. “Betrayal is something I am very familiar with, Steve.” She met Sam’s gaze. “Do you remember what Tony said when he asked you where Steve was?”
Tony looked up at Dean and saw sorrow etched in every line of his face. “What happened?” Dean asked, edging nearer to his brother.
Bucky laughed, moving behind Steve. “He was always too pretty,” he told Tony, propping his chin on Steve’s shoulder. “Even when he was this tiny little thing with an attitude way too big for his body.”
Bucky kissed him. “Tony’s experimental concoction is awesome,” he slurred a little, offering him his glass.
“I didn’t think you cared.” Pepper wasn’t looking at them. “Not one of you asked Tony why he supported the Accords.
“And we all listen to the lonely, semi-crazy, Steve-obsessed city of the Ancients,” Bruce scoffed. And stopped when the lights went out in the corridor. “Err... Oops.”
“Natasha, don’t you say a word! That’s an order!” Steve was suddenly yelling on the other side, clearly at his second who was disobeying him.
Steve shrugged. “Dunno,” he said, giving up on hauling Tony closer and bending to suck a kiss into Tony’s neck. “It just felt right.”
Bucky shrugged a shoulder. “Eh, cried like a baby, confessed all my sins, kissed Captain America. You know, the usual.”
“What for?” Tony scoffed. “It’s not like I had any choice about bringing you to my home. You’re all compromised and the UN doesn’t trust you. Until you’ve proved that you’re willing to work within the framework of the revised Accords, you’re not
Natasha’s mouth curled a little. “Laura is going to make him suffer. At least there will be some entertainment.”
Armed with new information, Tony and Bruce dragged Rhodes with them to Bruce’s lab. There was a lot of excited muttering about tests and enzymes and DNA and then some things that Steve didn’t even try to follow.
Tony sent a suspicious glance Loki’s way. “Not my doing. At least, not this time,” Loki said, holding his hands up.
“When S.H.I.E.L.D. dropped all of their files on the internet, did you perhaps see what they had on me?” Bucky was pale now, a bead of sweat forming at his temple.
He wrapped a towel around his hips and looked back at Steve and Bucky. They were exchanging slow, lazy kisses, arms wrapped around each other and oblivious to everything else around them.
Tony was exhausted. The political wrestling ring wasn’t his arena of choice and the past five hours had been nothing short of draining.
“Lucifer?” He wasn’t sure he’d heard correctly. “As in, the Devil?” He made the horns over his head and Steve smacked at him.
“We need a clay or bone china bowl, some herbs, a few candles and the incantation,” Sam said. “We’ve got that covered.”
Everyone stared at him. “What?” he asked. “I read.” He nodded at Bucky. “Barnes loaded those Supernatural books onto my Kindle.”
“Thank you, Tyra Banks,” Tony bit back. “Shut up and drive.” He closed his eyes as he leaned back against the soft leather.
Tony pointed out the gaping slash in the ground dropping down into the fire and brimstone below. “Can you fly?” He didn’t wait for Steve to reply. “Nope, you can’t.”
Tony chuckled. “If I say ‘take me to bed, or lose me forever’, are you going to know what movie I’m referencing?” he asked as the doors slid open on Tony’s floor.
He knew his smile was wobbly. “But you hate it.” She tried to pull away from him, but he held on. “Tell me I’m not lying and I’ll drop it.”
“I’m not the Captain anymore, your Majesty.” Steve turned back to the pond. Large, brightly colored koi fish swam lazily in the clear green water.
“We need your help.” He paused, clearly for dramatic effect. Considering who surrounded him, it didn’t really work. “Look, it's not overselling to say that the fate of the universe is at stake.” Now the guy seemed impatient and Steve felt every muscle in his body go tense.
Bruce held up a hand. “Tony, your sexuality is so fluid it should be liquid.” His dry comment had Tony grinning.
Steve's stupid chest was pressed against Tony's and suddenly his lungs decided that they didn't need to work anymore. “Both,” Steve said in a voice like scraped gravel. That really didn't help the penis situation, Tony thought almost hysterically.
“J.A.R.V.I.S. is still the essence of who I am, Tony,” Vision told him. “If it would make you more comfortable, you could use that name?”
“What should I tell them?” Bucky asked, his tone suspiciously bland. “That we’re planning a robbery in space?”
“You’re asking me to defend you when you want my friends to be registered like the Nazis registered the Jews?” Xavier’s tone was disgusted. “Short of killing you, I’m not sure I’d stop Tony.”
The Quinjet landed and Bruce and Bucky climbed on board quickly. Bucky was dressed in his Winter Soldier uniform, mask and glasses included. Steve had flashbacks to the streets of Washington when he’d first seen Bucky. It still made his heart hurt to know that he’d fought him like that. Hurt him like that.
“Except when it comes to you.” Steve met his gaze. “I’ve had enough time to think about what you mean to me. What you and Bucky mean to me.” He needed Tony to believe it.
When he reached out to hug her, he got a knife beneath his chin. “I’m so pissed off at you,” she said in a tone that clearly meant evisceration if he said the wrong thing.
“I have twenty dollars to reclaim,” Tony protested, waving a hand towards the island. “That old lady will not...”
They stood when the door swished open once more and scurried out. Tony ignored the semi-apologetic glance the President sent him. He had to keep his eyes on this slippery son of a bitch.
“Shield brethren,” Thor said. “While I am delighted to see that you are well on the road to making amends for the tragedy that has split our unusual family apart, there are things of great import to discuss.”
“Because you never asked, Captain Asshole.” Rhodes took the jet down in a slow guide. “Just once, it would have been nice for you to trust Tony Stark instead of Iron Man.”
He waited, hopeful despite his own beliefs. When nothing came, he sighed. “Wherever you are, I hope you’re happy, Cap. I sure am not.”
“Any friend of the Captain is a friend of....” Thor stopped, eyes glowing an unearthly blue. “You are the one they call the Winter Soldier.” It wasn't a question.
And that was just fucking dirty pool. They both stopped, panting and stared into each other’s eyes. “There are in fact, children in this house,” Tony grated. “That he’s right is incredibly annoying.”
Tony wasn’t looking at him though. His gaze was turned to where Strange sat oddly still. “There was no other way,” Strange told them and drifted into dust.
services?” Loki said, smirking a little at Bucky. “My brother and the good Captain can beat each other to a bloody pulp, while you and I spar.”
The years moved on; the team evolved. Tony had joined them when Loki arrived, the red and gold armor protecting him from harm when Steve could not.
“Seems like we’re a little over-dressed,” Bucky drawled. He lay, spread out on the bed beneath Steve like a wet dream come to life.
“He’s right.” Bucky’s words had them turning to him. “Tony’s the one who can read the spell, remember?”
“So, you got a god to pluck us from Hell and transport us somewhere and desert our friends in the bowels of Purgatory?” Put like that, Tony could understand a little of Steve’s anger. He decided that silence was the better part of valor in this case.
Bucky leaned down and twisted the lobe of Tony’s ear in his fingers. “Ow!” Tony yanked away, too amazed to even swear at Bucky.
“That’s the way it has to be,” Rhodey told him. “You are the most indiscreet human being to ever human, and I really don’t want to know about whatever freaky thing you do with Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes.” He looked disgusted. And yep, titillated again.
“I knew he was a friend of yours. I did my homework.” Bucky took a deep breath. “I knew that coming here would mean that I would eventually see you again.” He made a rueful face. “I needed to stop running, Steve. Tony Stark just happened to be my finish line.”
“So, Bruce with me, Nat with Vision,” Tony said, looking around at the rest of the team. “We’ll meet the rest of you back at the Tower.
“I’m still not clear on why you broke it off with her.” Steve was watching him too closely, too carefully.
Tony put his hand over Rhodey’s. “If you wanted to hold my hand, sugar bear, you shoulda just said.” Laura shook with silent laughter as she continued working on her StarkPad. Tony swallowed. “Why do you think they’re making us wait?” His gaze was fixed on the double doors in front of them.
Tony frowned. “Isn’t this already…within?” He waved a hand around him. “I mean this feels like ‘within’.”
“Excuse me, Evil Incarnate, but I’m not especially happy about going into a life or death situation without all the information.” Tony stood up next to Steve.
Tony met that dizzying gaze. “It’s not exactly a spell.” He didn’t understand why he was blurting things out, but he felt that this weirdo could somehow help.
“Why don’t I just take you to him?” Strange sat on the huge table, legs folded like some uber guru. Steve
“Yeah, you will.” Bucky’s voice had them looking up. He was leaning against Sam, an arm draped across his shoulders. “We both will.”
“Any luck?” Pepper asked, mostly out of politeness. Steve had filled her in on his and Clint's experience with Peggy.
“Have I ever mentioned how smart I was to make you CEO?” Tony asked as the door swung open. “Viz, don’t you think that Pepper is the perfect woman?”
Tony turned his face into Steve’s shoulder, scooting up next to him. Bucky moved in behind him, arm tightened a little at Tony’s movement.
Steve looked distinctly unimpressed. “You look like a demented Labrador,” he said, finally stepping away. “There, it’s done.”
Tony watched Bucky and Steve walk up the stairs together. There was careful caution in every line of both their bodies. They were two of a kind, he thought. Cut from the same too noble, too perfect cloth.
Tony gulped. “Haha! Nothing. You are my queen.” He skipped behind Steve, and bolted for the kitchen.
pleased to meet you.” Yup, Tony thought, flirted like he breathed. Absolutely nothing real about it though.
When fifty different dishes were shouted at him, he held up his hands. “How about I order the menu times two?” he asked, looking around at his team of freeloaders. Fuck, he loved each and every one of them.
Tony blinked then, brain obviously turning back to the conversation. “I do listen,” Tony protested. “When you actually make sense.” Steve rubbed at a spot between his eyes. He wished that drugs still worked on him, the headache was getting worse.
She smacked his forehead lightly when he rested his head on her thigh. “Don’t be an ass. Of course we were.”
“And we were supposed to know that, how?” Sam asked. “Wanda had just knocked us all on our collective asses. Anything could have happened.”
“Okayyyyy….” He cautiously stepped out of her reach. “Why?” She was still learning to trust him. He had to be careful with what he said around her.
“How?” Bucky met his gaze. “You're the leader. They should obey orders.” He sounded like it was that simple.
Tony held up a hand. “I'm going to stop you right there, Scott. Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on “Back To The Future”?”
“That would have gone down exceptionally well with Tall, Blond and Electrically-Challenged,” Tony noted.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. knew where I was!” Tony protested, barely resisting the urge to hide behind Steve. Tall, broad Steve who would save him from his inevitable death by spiked heel.
Clint is partway through a sip of the drink in question, when Bucky’s question hits him. He nearly spits it all over the nice bartop. “It’s… dude it’s sloe gin.” the blank look that Bucky gives him is the most hilarious thing he’s seen, since the gif of a crow sliding down a snowy windshield that he’d gotten stuck watching on repeat for twenty minutes, this morning. “Like… gin, and ….sloes? Like the… the fruit” Bucky blinks, and raises a single eyebrow, unimpressed.
Steve huffs out a quiet laugh, and it’s maybe not the healthiest thing in the world. “I uh. I thought you wouldn’t call.” He hates that he sounds so desperate already, that his voice is already cracking, but it’s like this one call has served to tear down all of his walls, and expose the soft squishy center of emotion that he tried so hard to cover with sweat, and self-sabotage.
"This one's more fun." With that, he pushes away from the bar and heads back towards the floor, manages to only have to push through a few people before he notices Karen. He gets shoved before he can quite reach her, smacks into someone's back and yells out an apology. It's more than a little unnerving that his full body weight was barely enough to shift a guy, but he's forced to stop where he stands when he realizes he's lost sight of Karen. Maybe she saw Clint, went to say hi.
That would mean not meeting Tony though, and Steve can’t really imagine being in a world where he’s not. Even if they’re at each other’s throats, Steve needs Tony to function. He’s pretty certain that there’s a S.H.I.E.L.D head shrinker somewhere, that would cringe at that simple admission. He sighs, and drops his gaze back to the pieces of toast on the counter in front of him, no longer hungry. Not eating now means he’s going to be halfway to starving by the time he gets out of the palace though. He’s not quite in pre-rut, but he’s staring it down in the next two weeks or so, and starving himself just means making it worse for himself, so he sighs, and reluctantly downs both pieces of toast with jam, and the apple he’d polished for himself. he’ll still need to eat in a couple of hours, but this should keep him ok for now.
“Oh no,” Tony wagged the same finger. “You do not get to act like you’re judging me.” He looked over at Bucky. “How long?” He knew that he’d get the bald truth from Bucky.
“That doesn’t mean I have to be someone’s fucktoy,” Bucky said, lips thin. “I’ve had my choices taken away from me for over seventy years. You don’t maybe think I’d like to make decisions for myself now?”
Tony smiled at him. “Are you sure you can’t think of anything else we could do?” he asked, one hand coming up and letting his long fingers trace the length of Steve’s arm muscle up towards his shoulder.
Clint and Tony both groaned. “No, please dear lord, don’t bring out the vodka.” Tony had been drinking with Natasha once. He couldn’t remember his own name about half an hour into the session. “I’m still hung-over.”
“So, space, huh?” Sam said eventually from his spot on the floor in the corner of the lab. “I always wanted to be an astronaut.”
He followed Steve, with Bucky at his back. Curiously, every couple of minutes, Crowley reached out to thin air and made a patting motion. He wondered if the King of Hell had Tourette’s.
virtues. He watched as delegates talked among themselves, every now and then an exclamation of surprise, anger or disgust. T’Challa didn’t bother looking at his folder. He’d already read it. He nodded to Tony with a tiny smile of approval.
Steve’s smile was soft and sweet. “You may have fooled most of the world, Tony Stark, but the day you sent me the technology to heal my best friend, the guy who was responsible for the death of your parents, it was all over for me.”
Bucky was coming back. He knew they still had a way to go, but they’d already come so far. “Good to know.”
“I didn’t know then,” Steve said instead. “About Bucky and Howard. I mean, I knew about the Winter Soldier program thanks to the information that Natasha and Fury released to the world when S.HI.E.L.D. imploded. But I didn’t know for sure that Bucky was the one who was the weapon that assassinated the Starks.”
“I’ll take command, if you want.” Clint stepped forward. “I’m in the mood for a field trip.” He smiled at Steve. “You stay with the dumbass over there, make sure he didn’t hit his head and become a human being along the way.” His eyes were harder on Tony. “Don’t be a dick. We’re worried.”
“Stupid-ass super assassin here fucked up my gorgeous arm.” He jabbed a finger into the meat of Bucky’s thigh. “I couldn’t stand seeing my creation suffer.”
Tony sighed. “I’m sure I built a sense of humor into J.A.R.V.I.S,” he muttered. “What happened when you were created?”
“Thanks, Cap.” Tony frowned. “I usually make sure that I get the best, what with all my money and shit.”
Despite his heated cheeks, Tony took a moment to appreciate that his friend felt comfortable enough in his skin now to just relax and tease. “You’re going straight to Pepper, aren’t you?” he asked.
Sam slid out of the nook after Dean. “We’re going to get out of here too,” he said, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I guess our work here is done. Anyway, we have some unfinished business with a Lady.” He didn’t sound as though he thought much of the ‘lady’.
“Ah!” Thor’s face cleared. “Another of your curious Midgardian idioms.” He nodded. “My Jane has tried to teach me of these word pictures. I fear there are many I do not know.”
Clint looked up. “This is your domestic situation, Cap. We just came along for the ride in case you felt the need to murder Tony.”
interested. It’s just I don’t want to hurt Steve.” He watched as Bucky’s expression changed, grew considering.
Steve smiled into the kiss. Tony did too. It took his breath away that this was his life now. That he was loved, not just by Steve and Bucky, but by his team.
Bucky lifted his arm, admired it. “It’s pretty sweet.” He opened and closed his fingers, flexed his fist and bent it at the elbow so that Steve could see the shape of muscle, sinew and blood vessels. “I can feel things and shit.”
Thor frowned. “If our father were to awaken from the Odinsleep then he would be able to do this for you, my friend.”
Steve wanted to tear his hair out in frustration. “Because it’s not real,” he said, trying to keep his voice level. “Somehow, whatever that poison did to Tony, and whatever happened while he was in stasis, he’s come out thinking that he’s a superhero.”
“Wilson is the only one who is even remotely house-trained,” Bucky said. “The last time Wanda and Vision went to get food, we ended up eating raw fish.” He made a face.
,” Steve said. “And the man I call my friend would have done, and has indeed done, everything he could to save the world.”
Tony staggered under his weight and maneuvered them to the ground, his back against the wall. Tears ran down his face as he felt Bucky shake apart in his arms. If the only comfort he could offer was this, then his ass could turn numb and he wouldn’t move.
“What box? There is not a fucking box for this!” Tony flailed, knocking over his coffee cup. “I woke up this morning, just like normal and now Captain America kissed me! The box has left the building!”
Billie waved a hand and the space in front of her slid open, the scenery beyond looking like the wasteland after a nuclear disaster. “Good luck.”
“Are you going to ambush kiss me again?” Tony asked. He was going for an authoritative tone but ended up sounding more like an exhalation.
a robot! I am a sentient android created with the power of the Mind Stone and capable of destroying you with a thought.”
The cloak backed away, dragging back to where Strange was sitting. If Steve thought it was possible, it seemed as though it was hurt.
The applause when he stepped out was muted, a sign that many were still not comfortable with the idea of superhumans.
Bucky frowned, but pulled back. “Was I doing it wrong?” he rasped, throat sounding thoroughly fucked.
“You have a filthy mind, Stark,” Bucky told him, crowding him against the rear of the elevator. He leaned in and kissed him, opening Tony’s mouth and sweeping in.
“I love you like a brother,” Sam agreed, looking at Steve, “But I don’t need to hear about your sexual escapades.”
Tony felt his mouth curve in a sad smile. “Yeah, she did.” He pushed himself to his feet. “And he loved her very much too.”
“They are criminals,” Yamamoto was the first to speak. “The rogue members of your team went against the Accords.”
Surprised that his opinion had been sought, Tony shrugged. “I can’t see it doing any harm.” He looked over at Bruce. “Knowing more is always a bonus, right?”
Steve was practically walking on top of them. “What are you talking about?” he demanded. “You need to share what you know.”
“From what I can see on the SHIELD server information, he is an assassin known as the Winter Soldier,” Bruce said. “Credited for thousands of kills over a period of thirty years. He’s become more myth than man.”
“I’m not leaving his side,” Bruce assured him. “I keep waiting for him to wake up and tell me exactly what I’ve done wrong. It’s disconcerting seeing him so silent and still.”
The doors slid closed on Steve. Tony leaned against the back wall and closed his eyes. There were so many secrets in the team. So many stories that had never been told. Not to each other, anyway. It was part of the reason they’d split at the seams. They had been so busy protecting those secrets that the people who’d wanted them divided and conquered, had won.
“Maybe,” Tony acknowledged, “But I’d just watched a lunatic put liquid fire into the blood of the woman I loved and I wasn’t sure that what the witch showed me couldn’t happen. Nothing was off the table after a portal opened and Thor dropped in.”
“Yes, and I’m hoping he’s brought whatever magical doo-dad you need to heal my friend,” Steve said. The transporter was taking too long and he tapped his fingers against his thigh, counting the seconds. “You said that you’re in my debt.”
“I’ll be leaving you here then,” Crowley said. “Once you’ve managed to chain Lucifer once more, Growley will guide you out of Hell and back to your friends in Purgatory.”
Steve felt suddenly exhausted. “I meant, I’m sorry that I didn’t listen to you,” he told Natasha. “And I’m sorry about Bruce. I don’t care what you say; I know how you felt about him.”
“Does he know where Cap is?” Tony asked, eyes still taking in the thousands of lines of top secret information just spewing out onto the world. He was going to do his very best to catch it all.
Before Steve could defend Rhodes, it was the Colonel whose face turned to Scott’s. “Let me be very clear. I don’t want any of you anywhere near Tony. He’s decided otherwise. I’ve arranged for a friend to pick you up back at the mansion and get you to your family. I honestly don’t give one single crap about you. Is that understood?” He spoke with every nuance of his years in the army in his voice. They all automatically straightened up.
“That's because Tony stole his boyfriend.” Sam tipped his glass at Tony. “You stole Captain America's boyfriend. Go you.”
“Now, if we’re done with this feelings crap, I’d really like to take this off the floor and onto my bed. I have old bones.” Tony shook off the emotion like a dog shaking off the rain.
Tony melted into the soft leather of the sofa, lifting his arms to wrap one around Steve’s neck and the other dug into the hair at his nape. It was longer, no longer the prep-school, choir-boy perfection of “The Captain”. It gave Tony leverage and he used it ruthlessly to pull and push Steve’s mouth to the places that he wanted.
“He’s been through a lot,” Rhodey admitted. “He has such high standards for himself and expects so little from everyone else.”
“Wonder what that’s about.” Bucky stretched beside him, several bones popping. “I need to do something. I’m going nuts just sitting here.”
“Why?” Coulson wasn’t sitting with them. He held himself aloof, standing back. “Why does he want you so badly?”
Tony shook his head. “We don’t have time to explore all of the awesome that particular phrase holds,” he chided Bucky with a soft smile. “Steve here wants to get Rogered.” He waggled his eyebrows at his own terrible pun.
“They will beg you; plead with you to release them in any way. They will ask you to kill them, kill me even,” Crowley said. “There is nothing you can do. You’re mortal, for one, and incapable for another.” His sharp eyes met Steve’s. “That little piece of paper that Sam Winchester slipped you can do nothing for them or to me.”
Steve stepped in front of Bucky, standing in Rhodey’s line of sight. “He’s not a threat, Rhodes. Stand down.”
I do apolgise for being late but I've had the dreaded lurgy & then got distracted by Civil War & now I want to write it!
Bucky tucked in closer, body hunched over and tense, all the gentle teasing from a moment before gone. “That’s what
Bucky was up and moving a moment later. Steve watched him rush out of the jet with a sort of sick fascination. Natasha followed quickly with a sympathetic smile thrown Steve's way.
Thor looked like he was about to cry. Steve wasn’t sure the world could deal with a weeping god of lightning.
“I think I’m gonna pass out,” Tony said, lifting a hand to his forehead like a wilting southern belle.
He felt Bucky lean forward, press against him. He opened his mouth more, let Bucky kiss him harder. It had been a long time since he’d been properly kissed by a guy. Bucky sure knew his way around.
Tony watched Steve’s face. He was completely gutted at what he was seeing; every emotion he was feeling telegraphed on his face. “Babe, keep it together,” he said, keeping his voice low. “It’s Hell, not a holiday camp. They’re not nice people.”
And there it was. The moment. The chance. The question was whether he had the guts to take it. “I’m sorry.” He put his cup down and stood, walking over to Tony. The tiny twitch back that Tony made as Steve came towards him felt like a knife to his heart. “I’m sorry I didn’t trust you. I’m sorry I didn’t listen. I’m sorry I left. I’m sorry I hurt you.”
“How do you know?” Rhodey demanded. His glare was lethal as he stared at Strange. “Look at what he’s done to Tony!”
Tony opened his eyes. The desert sand had crawled into every crevice. It was going to be pouring out of him for years. He gazed around at the shards of the exoskeleton spread around him like some sort of metallic, broken butterfly.
“It’s a miniature gamma radiation emitter.” Bruce said. “I was working on it when I stayed here before.”
“It makes sense, really.” Clint, Natasha and Sam all looked at him. “They're literally made for each other.”
Steve watched Pepper sobbing over Tony’s body, something inside him freezing up. He felt as though he was back in the ice again.
Dean poked him with a sharp finger. “Hey, bitch, don’t go telling all my secrets now.” His face was soft as he stared down at Sam. “Besides, you know I got no soul.”
“Because, as much as people said they were all about me, they aren’t.” Tony knew his words were bitter. “There are many more superhumans out there than just the Avengers.” He stood, Vision taking a step back. “The X-Men, the Fantastic Four, the hundreds of kids at Charles Xavier’s special school.” He rolled his shoulders. “The UN wants the Accords signed by all of us. But they won’t sign it. None of them will unless things are changed.”
Dean got to his feet with a little hip swagger. “I’m Dean Winchester and this is my brother Sam, and I am
Tony held up a hand. “Whoa, Thunderdome, you don’t have to beat yourself up about it. Just be more careful in the future. And if you do it again, I have money. It won’t break my bank.”
Steve managed not to wince too much when Tony limped up the stairs. “Test run went well?” he asked, allowing a tiny bit of his concern to creep into his voice.
Sam shook Steve’s hand. There was no posturing, no macho trying to get a harder handshake in. Sam was clearly comfortable with who he was. “I’ve heard a lot about you,” Sam said, a faint drawl detectable in his voice.
Whatever, Tony thought, Loki had been asking for it. Bucky bumped him gently, shy smile his reward for his actions. Bucky totally got him. Keeping him forever. And Steve. Because Steve could be the jelly in the sandwich....Tony sort of lost control of his brain right then.
Steve pushed slowly to his feet. “You have no idea how long I've been watching you, do you?” It sounded like a loaded question as he prowled closer.
Vision’s calm face turned to him. “Tony is as close to a father as I will ever be able to claim.” He seemed unmoved by the tension ratcheting up in the jet. “I would never do anything to willfully harm him.”
“I threaten to cut off your balls and feed them to you,” Natasha said. “Your fear keeps you honest.”
Wanda nodded and waved him off. “His mind is very strong,” she said, sounding strained. “He does not like being exposed like this.”
Coulson shook his head, waving a hand at them. “The Avengers, everyone, Earth’s Mightiest Heroes.” His tone was droll, but he had a little tilt to the corner of his mouth that was practically a guffaw. “I might be able to help there.”
Tony and Bruce exchanged a glance. “Who is it?” Tony’s throat closed. Somewhere deep inside him, he knew the answer already.
So sex happens. I'm not great at writing it so please forgive me. I wanted it to be a sort of cleansing after the loss of Vision. That will still be dealt with. I just had to give Tony something that wasn't broken.
Steve took a deep breath. “So, we have a talking hawk?” He refused to acknowledge the smirk Tony gave him as his words rhymed.
Steve took one last look at Tony who refused to meet his eyes. “I'll be back as soon as I can,” he told Bucky.
While he showered, he thought about the ideas that Bruce had planted in his brain. Sex always made his mind work better. It’s why he’d been so prolific when he’d been with Pepp… Nope. He was done with that part of his life.
Steve wanted to protest, remind them that he’d fought in the War, but something in both Clint and Natasha’s faces stopped him. He closed his eyes. “I just keep stumbling around like a giant baby, bumping into things and breaking them without knowing their value.”
“Yeah, not comforting,” Tony muttered. “I feel better knowing that my friends can hear at least one part of the conversation.”
“Steve.” Tony pressed his palms to Steve’s cheeks. “I’m home. I’m safe. We won.” He knew Tony could see the residual fear in his eyes as he stared down at him.
“No!” Tony yelped. “All good, just clumsy and very, very surprised to hear from you, Cap.” Maybe using the semi-mocking title he’d used when they first met, Tony would be able to keep some form of emotional distance.
“You’re no more to blame than I am.” Bruce folded his arms across his chest. “If you’re guilty then, sure as shit, so am I.”
He peed and then got into the shower, grimacing a little as his slightly older body reminded him that he’d been up to something last night. And this morning. He started grinning.
Loki looked like he was ready to deal Tony some sort of deadly blow. Thor grasped his shoulder. “Remember, brother. This mess is entirely of your own design. It would behoove you to treat my friends with care.”
Steve shook his head. “She doesn’t actually talk to me, Tony. She sends me feelings, reassurance. Not actual words.”
“Let me ask you something,” Steve said, trying a different track. “You’ve been friends with Tony for how long now?”
“Colonel Rhodes did, boss,” Friday said, sounding far too chipper for this time of the day. “He said, and I quote, ‘get your lazy ass out of bed, Tones.’.”
, didn’t she?” he demanded. “You weren’t all ‘Mr. Only to Those Looking’!” He pointed an accusing finger at Bruce.
Tony felt remarkably pleased at the bright eyes and wide smile on Clint’s face. Meeting Coulson’s approving gaze, he wondered when he’d become such a sap.
“If he’d called you and told you that I’d shown up at his door, what would you have done?” Bucky looked at him, waiting.
“I don’t know what’s worse,” he confessed to Bucky. “Steve being mad at me or Steve being sad at me.”
Tony stepped back against Steve when he felt a big hand drop on his shoulder. The heat of Steve’s body behind him had Tony relaxing minutely.
So it would appear that this fic is determined to be written. College AU will have to wait until my muse is done. I'm deliberately not tagging the 'friend' because....SURPRISE!
Tony pushed his hot face harder against Steve’s skin. Steve’s arms tightened. “I’m okay, Buck. We’re okay.”
“Whoah,” Bucky said, holding his hand up in apology. “Sorry guys, I looks like I read this whole thing
Tony shrugged. “I guess they were a possible reality,” he admitted. “We didn’t really talk about that too much.” He was getting uncomfortable again, wanting to run for his workshop and not come out.
Steve shoved his hand in front of his mouth, quickly disguising his laugh with a cough. Thor looked at him suspiciously.
Her laugh was tinged with a little hysteria. “Steve, it’s been five hours. Thor and the others got back about half an hour ago. Tony’s out of time.”
Fury nodded. “Which is why we decided to let things play out.” He looked at the Winchesters. “We were certainly not expecting
With Bruce at his side and Rhodey and Vision at his back, Tony walked out of the General Assembly room with a tiny bit of hope.
Steve looked horrified. “You talk about our sex life with War Machine?” The angry flush on his face was very becoming and Tony would have appreciated it more if he didn’t know that it meant no nookie for the next while.
“Boundaries, big guy, boundaries,” Clint pulled a pillow over his face. “Can’t you ask someone to put the sun out?”
Thor chugged his drink. “No matter, it is a good saying.” He offered the plate to Loki, who took one of the sandwiches.
Tony patted Bucky’s cheek. “Come on, then, sweetheart.” His smile was both wicked and kind. “Your turn.”
“You don’t know who gets the ticket for a trip down here?” Tony asked, desperate to get out of this room of rape and suffering.
“He’s worth it.” Bucky spoke and Steve’s gaze snapped up. Bucky’s eyes were fierce. “He’s the most generous, loyal person I’ve ever met.”
“Then I will make sure he’s locked up for the rest of his days,” Tony swore. And he’d never meant anything more.
Thor opened the cage, holding a hand out to Matilda. “Loki, if it is truly you, then please, let us help you. Your magic has caused damage to our friend and if we can restore you then perhaps we can restore him.”
Tony grinned and kissed her cheek, breathing in the scent of Dior that she favored. “I swear, I won't do it again.”
“Minor?” The woman, Salt or Mustard or something, shrieked in a way that made Tony’s head hurt. “He doesn’t have a clue who he is!” Her voice rose as she spoke.
It felt true when he looked as Wanda showed Vision the correct way to create the perfect pancake stack and his bewildered expression as she added maple syrup and blueberries.
Steve banged his head on the kitchen table several times. He was going to go crazy before Tony came home. Natasha patted his hair. “There, there, dear.” Her sarcastic croon had Steve grinning. “Everything is alright.”
Pepper’s eye-roll was almost as epic has Rhodey’s had been. “If you weren’t so damn obnoxious then maybe you’d actually score sometime.”
“Oh my god.” Sam spun on his heel, throwing up a hand. “There are not enough no’s in the world to make me stay.”
“Did any of you blame Bruce for Ultron?” Pepper asked instead. “Ask him why he helped Tony create a murder robot?”
“Easy-peasy, lemon-squeezy,” Crowley said. “I’d say that it’s been nice knowing you, gentlemen, but that wouldn’t be true.”
Bucky huffed out an irritated breath. “Steve and I want to get Tony alone so we can say hello properly.” He waited while the information sank in.
“Yeah, I doubt Jane Foster and her crew would be very impressed with me if I destroyed a priceless artifact,” Tony said with a twist of his mouth.
Steve put up a hand. “We all lost,” he said, keeping his voice even. “I would really like to focus, even if it’s a crazy thought, on that small piece of hope we have now. Just for a moment.” His voice turned pleading as he finished speaking.
“Ha!” Bucky bounced on the balls of his feet, making a cutting motion with his fingers. “Scissors beats Paper!”
The skeptical looks he got from the rest of his team was only a little annoying. “Oh, come on!” he exclaimed. “One time!”
“That’s why we were fighting.” Bucky met Tony’s gaze. “I told him to man the fuck up and quickly, or you’d move on to someone new.”
Suddenly an alarm blared, startling them all. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.? What’s going on?” Steve asked. That sound usually meant there was some sort of attack happening.
Tony yanked away from Wanda with a gasp. “It didn’t go like that,” he told her. “I told him that I was going to sign up for the Registration Act.”
Bruce held up a hand. “Wait, you just dial up the King of Hell?” He blinked. “Isn’t that sort of dangerous?”
“Uncle Tony, are you having a panic tack?” Lila asked, worming her way between Tony and Pepper, snuggling into the curve of his body like a piece that had been missing.
Tony leaned against him and breathed. The scent of a garlicky pasta sauce permeated the living area and he could hear Wanda and Natasha talking softly.
Bucky turned his hand over so that their palms were touching and curled his fingers around Tony’s. “I like to be what you need.” And that was about as blatant as it could possibly be. There was no room for misunderstanding.
Tony barely refrained from rolling his eyes. Supernatural beings all had the tendency to pontificate.
“It is I who should apologize, my friend.” Thor’s mouth curled in a tired smile. “I am afraid for my home. For my family.” He didn’t look at Loki when he said it, but to Tony it was almost a shout.
“Why should I trust you?” Barnes looked at Tony, not Steve. Interesting, Tony thought, filing that away for another time.
Steve stepped in front of Bucky. “Stand down, Thor.” His voice was granite-hard. Tony shivered. He had some serious mental issues if he found that hot.
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked Vision. “You were nowhere to be found when we left.” He glared at his errant Avenger.
“No.” He turned him to look at him. “I don’t want to let you touch him, Pete. That’s not Viz anymore.” Steve tensed. There was something in the pitch of Tony’s voice, something that Steve knew meant he was barely holding on. For the sake of this skinny, gangly,
Steve laughed softly, relaxing a little as Bucky came to lean against him. “He’s one of a kind alright.”
“There is no other choice.” Loki sounded hopeless. “Whatever power the Reality Stone generates to preserve the realm of Earth, it will destroy Jörmungandr.” He made a scoffing sound, the saddest noise Tony had ever heard. “It doesn’t matter anyway. It isn’t as though I know the child.”
“They should respect you more.” Bucky watched where the two airborne idiots were trying to outdo each other.
Natasha’s warm, approving smile had him relaxing. “Besides, I need to clean my weapons, may as well do it here.”
“Oh god, there’s two of you mothering me now,” Tony groaned. He rolled off the bed, heading for his bathroom. The water was the perfect temperature of course. He stood there, letting the liquid pour over him. He felt as though the last few years were being washed away, a little bit at a time.
Wanda blinked. “I don’t understand.” Her face twisted in confusion, looking so young that Steve felt guilty about cornering her like this.
Steve kept his eyes down, concentrating on his beer. He had no words. He was legitimately too terrified to talk, just in case all of his stupid feelings came tumbling out of his mouth in a humiliating waterfall of emotion.
“That’s one fucking huge shower, Stark,” Bucky noted, leaning against the doorframe, brushing his teeth idly as he looked around him.
“I am still pretty pissed about Siberia,” Sam said. “Not gonna lie, man, that shit was wrong. I sent Tony to you as a friend. You fucked up.”
Steve decided to take his advice. “I seem to remember something about giant spiders?” His memory was foggy, like looking at the world through gauze.
“It wasn’t what Wanda showed him that caused Tony’s attack.” Vision didn’t look away from Steve. He could practically see Natasha gnashing her teeth at being ignored.
“God, Clint.” Tony’s chest hurt. “I didn’t know.” And he hadn’t known. Not even in the future. Things were already unraveling.
It struck him suddenly. “I got it! Create a heat seal. I can...I can supercharge the spire from below.”
Tony gulped. “I…” His heart started beating faster again and he couldn’t bear the thought of another panic attack.
Tony had to literally put his hands over his mouth as he followed Skurge. Being silent was entirely anti-Tony so he was having a tough time keeping his mouth shut. He could actually
The king looked at Steve until he couldn’t stare into those calm dark eyes any longer. “You turned on the Accords.” Steve’s voice was small.
Tony lay back on his bed. He hurt in places that shouldn’t hurt. His chest, his gut, his hands. Places that were his emotional touchstones. He rubbed at the scar that was his constant reminder of the person he’d once been.
“Hey!” Rhodey protested. “I’m right here.” He flinched when Natasha looked at him. “It wasn’t meant to insult you, just them.”
Tony pointed a finger at him. “I wouldn’t be so quick to complain, dickhead. This is, after all, a mess of your own making. I thought gods were above petty crap until I met Loki. I swear, he made me understand that the gods of the Greeks and Romans were nice guys compared to the Norse.”
Sam and Dean exchanged looks. “Wilson was right about the blood,” Sam said eventually. “I reckon it would be similar to the ritual we use for Crowley?” He seemed to be asking Dean.
?” Everything he knew about Tony Stark was clouded by the knowledge that according to Tony, Howard Stark had always seemed to think that Steve was more important than his own son.
“I’m sorry,” Steve stepped towards him. Tony stepped away. Steve’s eyes were a little damp. Tony felt nothing.
Bruce leveled a flat gaze at him. Tony waved a hand. “Never mind, I have ideas for Hulk-to-Bruce pants.” He paused. “I think that should be Bruce-to-Hulk pants.” They were amazing, incredible, awesome ideas actually. Tony itched to be back in his workshop.
“What look is that?” Natasha only sounded slightly curious but her eyes were sharp as she scanned the room.
“Calm down, Peggy,” Steve said. “You’re moving too fast.” She’d always been Peggy to him. She seemed too young, too eager to please to be a Margaret.
Tony grinned at him. “It’s the only way they know how to settle an argument.” He watched Bucky and Clint put their hands behind their backs. “It’s always easier than ending in blood. So hard to dry-clean out of a uniform.”
“So, using that information, I’m assuming that I got the control of the living part of the stone?” Tony asked.
Steve pulled back from Tony, lifting his head to look up at their friends. “This is what you’d call a “civil” war.”
A snort from the other side of the room said that Dean lied. “Sure,” Sam said around a mouthful of food. “You’re a peach.”
Steve frowned. Lines that hadn’t ever marred that perfect face were now etched deep into his brow. Absolute sorrow could do that to a superhuman apparently. “What for?”
He shook his head, laid it against Vision once more. “I need more than five goddamned seconds to mourn the loss of the only other Avenger who stood by me through everything besides Rhodey!” He knew his words were cruel, calculated to hurt. He ignored the sharp intake of breath behind him.
Tony was not going to…. “Oh my heavenly god, don’t you fucking stop. I swear I will kill you and dance on your gra…” The sound he made was something between a whimper and a shout.
The jet was getting close to Avengers Tower and Steve had to force himself to focus on the mission. That hadn't happened before. He was the man with the plan, the go to guy, Captain America, fuck's sake! He needed to get his head out of his ass and pay attention.
Anything to divert Tony’s attention from what Bucky was doing. “Yes,” Tony jerked as Bucky’s tongue pressed in. “Fuck. Yes. Please. Fuck.”
“Both, I guess,” Steve confessed. “But Bucky is here, within touching distance, and while he’s not conscious yet, at least I can see him.”
Steve watched Tony playing the crowd like a Stradivarius. One after another, he bulldozed through the modifications, all amendments that he’d spoken with Tony about. Changes that Steve had actually suggested. That Sam had asked for. That protected Clint and his family.
Steve woke with a start. He was alone in the bed, Tony and Bucky’s spaces cold enough to show they’d been gone for a while.
Tony woke with a start when Steve put a hand on his knee. “They’re here,” Clint said, on his feet and heading for the elevator. “I’m going to meet them by the garage.”
“Perhaps I have not done enough research into the Asgardian race,” Vision admitted. “It seems that there are singular peculiarities that I am unfamiliar with.”
Tony levered himself up onto the workbench, legs swinging. “Do you remember how you felt when you woke up from Loki’s spell?” He saw Clint’s grimace. “You
“When I walked away from him with Bucky and T’Challa, it hit me that I’d just thrown everything away.” Steve met Rhodes’ eyes. “That’s when I knew.”
“I didn’t intend to hurt you at all.” Ross backed up as Xavier rolled forward. “Stay back.” His eyes were hunted, suddenly nothing of the stoic military man in his gaze.
Tony watched as Fury started shouting. He sat back when Dean added his two cents. He observed Natasha and Clint have a silent exchange and come to some sort of telepathic agreement. He folded his arms across his chest when Rhodey told Sam Winchester flat out that he was a nutjob.
Tony straightened up at the look and frowned. “I know he transferred in from NYIT on a football scholarship.”
“You?” Steve’s fists clenched. “What gives you the right?” Bruce looked a little green at the mouth, clearly struggling to keep the Hulk under control.
Steve ignored the hands held out in front of him and gathered him close. “Hold onto me, Tony,” he whispered into his hair. “This is going to hurt. A lot.”
“You’re not okay,” Bruce told him. “You’re worried about your best friend who’s now your boyfriend, who just had  me rummaging around in his brain, as well as worried about your
“And the immortal space guy?” Steve asked, wondering just when his world had turned into Loonyville.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Tony yelled, spinning Bruce to face him. “Who are you protecting?”
“We should leave.” Thor seemed to realize that Vision’s words had hurt them. He raised Mjolnir and called the lighting.
“If tequila is the drink of the devil, then mead is the drink of the devil’s mother,” Clint declared, shoving half of the Pop Tart in his mouth at once and then yelping when he burnt his tongue.
He tumbled down a dune, falling face first into soft sand that seemed to welcome him into its grainy embrace.
“I have my own dysfunctional band as you well know, Stark. Thanks for the offer, but they’re all yours.”
“I know.” Bucky's smile was sad. “But you don't have that darkness in you, Cap.” He used the term affectionately. “Not like I do.”
Tony reached out to him, grabbing his hand. “Just remember, no matter what happens, this time, there are two of us to hold on to you. And we won’t ever let go.”
Steve obeyed the first part of the order, but then said, “War Machine, Falcon, Widow and Hawkeye have gone on a mission for the President.”
Bucky laughed harder. “You have a type, you moron. But, unlike me, Stark is interested. So what are you going to do about it?”
He walked carefully to the nearest chair and practically oozed into it. Thor was quick to sit next to him, face worried.
“Just do as I ask, please Stark,” Strange begged. “If there is only one time that you just do and don’t question, let it be this one time.”
Tony knew Bucky was joking, but there was something almost breathtaking about the new arm. Tony had spent months on it, lovingly putting together a prosthetic arm that looked, felt and behaved just like a real one. The gratitude sex after he’d given it to Bucky had been pretty spectacular.
“I’m going to see if I can assist Dr. Banner,” Thor said. “Perhaps what venom the creature carries will have no effect on me.”
The Ancients had left these pods here. Once upon a time, they’d discovered a future version of Pepper in one of them, warning them of the calamity to come which was still something none of them talked about. Now they stood empty.
“Not planning on getting naked either,” Bucky said with a firm hand to Tony's chest. “Now close your goddamn eyes and go to fucking sleep.”
Bucky moved his hand. “Not to worry, shit got real and that kinda went on the back burner. I’m okay for now.”
“You flatterer,” Tony said with a grin, enjoying the flush on Pepper’s cheeks. “So, I’m guessing the gang is all here?” He headed for the kitchen. He had a sudden urge to see Rhodey, the kids, Laura, to make sure that his little family was still safely together.
look behind him to see whatever had grabbed onto him. He had enough nightmares already, thank you very much.
Bucky, the other two had already made some sort of deal. “Wait a minute,” he said, balking at the door to his bedroom. “What’s going on here? What have you two been discussing while I was …?”
Thor put a big hand on Tony’s chest and closed his eyes. “It’s his heart,” he murmured. “Whatever the poison in the teeth of our new friend is, it has reached his heart and is destroying it.”
“So basically what you’re saying is that Set is happy with the world of men being destroyed?” Tony asked.
“I believe that if we can get the natural gravity of our universe to repel the Asgardian universe, then we theoretically would be able to prevent them from colliding.” Bruce looked at Tony. “What do you think?”
He stepped into the living area and everyone looked at him. “He’ll come in soon,” he told them. He wasn’t going to share what Clint had told him. That was Barton’s secret to tell.
Tony sent another imagined hard glare Strange's way. A-fucking-gain, this was information he'd needed before. Fuck's sake.
“Our comrades are feeling much happier with your return to their company, my friend,” Thor declared. “I too, find myself joyful at your recovery.”
He wandered into the little bathroom and tugged on the jeans and t-shirt that Pepper had brought him. The slip-on shoes were just about all he could handle right now so he gratefully headed out
Coulson led the way to a bank of elevators. Turning to look at them he said, “I sincerely doubt that we will all fit into one lift.” He cast his eyes over them. “Captain, I suggest you take Widow, Hawkeye and Colonel Rhodes with our guests and the others can come with me.”
Tony inclined his head. “You’d be right. I’m not the guy who likes to be controlled.” He looked down at his hands. “When we were in Sokovia to retrieve Loki’s staff, Wanda showed me the future.”
thank you so much for sticking with me, for reading, commenting, kudo'ing - this has been the longest thing I've ever written & I've fallen in love with the characters....and the fandom.
Tony stared at her. “What do you want with my Bruce?” he repeated, not taking the offered appendage.
Bucky lifted his head. “So far, you’ve played your cards way too close to your chest, but you haven’t lied.”
“Hey.” Bruce's protest was form only. He was a chickenshit coward. Tony narrowed his gaze at Bruce too. Much plotting. Mucho revengo.
“You called for Captain Rogers, sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “I wasn’t sure what to do until I studied your vital signs and realized that you were unconscious.” Steve hoarded that information like a treasure. Tony had called to him. Not Rhodey, not Bucky,
Dean and Sam exchanged a look. “About that,” Sam said with an apologetic glance over at Steve. “We’re not his favorite people.”
“Well, Satan’s my bitch, but he’s pissed off at me, big time,” Tony explained, catching the leg of the praying mantis thing that Bucky had just hurled at him. He drop-kicked it off the ledge. “Ten points!” he crowed.
“May I remind you that I’m back at your request,” Coulson said, sitting carefully down on the rickety chair that Tony refused to get rid of because it had belonged to Howard and he had no daddy issues fuck you very much.
“Your AI knows not to keep secrets from us.” Laura looked unbearably smug. Tony wondered why the hell he’d let her into his life at all. Then he remembered how efficient she was.
“I will destroy it once you’ve pulled it out,” Thor said to Loki. His face twisted. “This seems to be the coward’s way out.”
The Cage was huge. Bars of something that looked like bone towered above him. “At least you’ve got some room to move,” he said.
Crowley was at the entrance of the tunnel on the other side of the bridge. “Congratulations,” he smiled. “I see you made it back alive.”
“Now, that just sounds creepy,” Sam told him. Steve had forgotten he was there. It seemed to be happening a lot lately. He was so focused on Bucky and Tony that he wasn’t aware of anything else around him.
The schematics for the arm he was already planning on building for Barnes were in his head and he was itching to scoot to his new workshop and play around for a while.
Natasha merely nodded. “Is there anything we need to know about the program?” She spoke briskly, keeping the tone professional.
“He was pulling his punches?” Bucky gave an incredulous laugh. “I have bruises that lasted for days and one less arm that would disagree with you, Natalia.”
Tony’s shirt was quickly dampened as Clint shook silently against him. Every now and then his breath hitched as he tried to get himself under control. Eventually the storm passed. Tony looked around helplessly at his friends. He had no idea how to handle this.
The plus side of following Strange was that he’d ignited some sort of fireball that floated on the palm of his hand. It made Tony feel a little less freaked out.
“We discovered how she had been deceiving us,” Steve said. “We didn’t know about what she’d shown Tony, that she’d made him see that he would be the death of us all.”
They looked at each other in confusion. “What the hell?” Clint’s succinct question said exactly what they were all thinking.
“Another interesting development,” Loki noted with that ridiculously annoying smirk. “I’d forgotten just how entertaining you mortals are.”
Tony scrubbed a hand through his hair. “It appears that the torch our fearless leader has been carrying for seventy plus years, isn't for the hot, plucky Peggy Carter, but for the hot, plucky James Buchanan Barnes.”
“Huh, imagine that,” Tony mused. “Loki using one of the Infinity Stones to get a world at his feet. Whoda thunk it?”
Tony thought about making some sort of comment about not being a girl, but Bucky was so strong. He dropped his head onto Bucky’s shoulder again. “He’s gon’ be so pished at me,” he said, utterly tragic.
“Tony Stark.” The voice that emerged from the blackness was less satanic than what he’d been thinking.
The expression on Crowley’s face told Tony that he’d scored a hit. “I try not to spend too much time here,” Crowley said. He clearly hated admitting any weakness.
“Seriously, Tony?” It was Steve’s turn to hiss at him apparently. He bumped Tony’s shoulder as they walked.
“Well, technically we brought ourselves,” Tony offered helpfully. Then his mouth slammed shut. He knew without looking that this was Strange’s doing.
Vision nodded, stepped forward and projected a video that to this day made Tony feel sick. Wanda sat curled up in on herself on a metal shelf with a thin mattress. The collar around her neck was the worst of it, the straitjacket not much better, but it was the expression in her eyes that haunted Tony.
his lady,” Steve added helpfully. Tony swung his deadly laser-beam gaze on Steve. Bucky and Steve were a terrible combination.
Clint got out first, a genuine grin on his face. It had been a while since he’d smiled like that and Tony was prepared to deal with anyone who could put that expression on his friend’s face.
“Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me,” Nebula replied. “Then as he worked, he talked about his great plan. Even disassembled, I wanted to please him. I'd ask "where would we go once his plan was complete"? His answer was always the same: To the Garden.”
“According to Mr. Wilson, the Captain was last seen on Helicarrier Charlie, attempting to replace the chip that replaced the targeting system. There seems to have been another individual sent by HYDRA to stop the Captain’s mission.”
“When I fell into the abyss, once Father awoke from the Odinsleep, I returned to Jotunheim. I begged the new monarch, Fasolt for asylum.” Loki swallowed hard. “He offered his protection. For a while.”
“Ha!” Tony poked at his screen, adjusting the calculations to what Vision had indicated. “That’s better.”
“I need to adjust the suit,” Tony protested. “Rhodey's too. Make it safe for space.” He was almost slurring his words now. Steve wanted to kick his own ass. Tony hadn't slept after they'd been together. He'd just showered and headed back down to the lab. No wonder he was swaying on his feet.
Tony sighed. “You thieves are going to bankrupt me.” He pulled out a dollar from his pocket. He kept them because he knew how much of a kick the kids got out of him having to pay up every time he swore.
Tony sighed. Sassy Steve had been put away and it looked like Serious Steve was back in the building.
“That explains nothing!” Tony protested. “She’s fucking scary.” He shuddered, feeling that bone-deep chill once more.
