“I’m afraid intimacy doesn’t work that way. If you are hurting and I’m not being a complete sod, then I hurt with you. What happened? Was it the video?”
Because of the recent unseasonably warm temperatures, Mrs. Hudson was refusing to have the boiler back on even though forecasts put Easter weekend twenty degrees below the current balmy climate. It was going to rain too, great torrents of it for days. The flat was already frigid at night with emergence from the duvet a screaming insult and a wakeup call more permanent than a tin alarm clock.
“You’d have to burn all my clothes and fly me to Siberia to get me in that,” Sherlock said and turned back to his experiment.
Here John snorted, recalling Mycroft’s tales of Baby Sherlock’s staff consisting of a day nanny, night nanny, games instructor, tutor, nap consultant, and personal shopper.
John couldn’t believe that his plan to eat mince pies had been replaced by an erotic smorgasbord. He sank to the bed where his arse made contact with something other than the duvet.
Through gritted teeth as he pumped, he made the second best speech of his life. “Naughty boys’ cocks don’t get cashmere. Naughty boys’ cocks get cheap white cotton.”
Sherlock was stark naked, and after blinking for a long beat, John hurried to join the nudity although he did spare a thought to slip the staring eyes of jumper Rudolph under his jeans. The sex had been rushed recently, and then their mild feud had made things perfunctory. John wanted slow and soft and warm with whispers.
“Well you’ve been coddled now on every flat surface of this flat.” A smirk for two flats in a row. “And the wall and the stairs and the tub. Easter, spring, new life, new beginnings. Off, gimme.”
“What good is the experiment if we introduce other variables?” The young detective flung his scarf over his shoulder and prepared to exit his first sexual encounter with a man or anyone for that matter, including himself.
“That’s better. I won’t need my magnifying glass.” Sherlock put one hand on his ample hip and continued to move the other hand up and down as best he could but although the skin moved back and forth, there was not as much friction as John would have liked.
“I’d like to go again after your refractory period to see if you can beat your previous time. While you rest, I’m going to the shops for more olive oil.” Sherlock shrugged into his coat, oblivious to the fact that he was bare chested.
After that, Sherlock’s body shut down as if the trauma had just happened. He slept hard, fever driving out more poison, John clutched in his grasp like a teddy bear.  Although John was angry with God, he tried to pray. His grief was too big for the human heart to hold.
Irene raises her head and looks at him questioningly. She’s been quiet since he rescued her. Unusually so, he reckons, from the short time he’s known her. She was nervous and fidgety for the first two hundred miles or so, but they’re almost at the airfield now, and she’s grown increasingly calm the farther her would-be executioners are behind them. “Anything the matter?” she asks, quietly, not wanting to startle the driver, a local who picked them up in exchange for a few pounds.
John huffs, a tiny sound that’s stuck between a laugh and a sigh. He looks at Sherlock with a mix of sadness and amusement. “It doesn’t count. Forget about it.”
He separates the eggs and smiles into the camera. “Never got the hang of the thing where the chefs crack the eggs with one hand.” He looks at Sherlock. “Can you do that?”
When John gets off the plane in London, he waits for the feeling of ‘home’ to settle in. He waits for the UK damp and the grey buildings and the bland four walls of his small room to shift into the comfortingly familiar after the alien glare of the Afghanistan sun.
"What happened to you?" she asks as he removes his shirt. She winces sympathetically when he lifts up his under-shirt to show her the reddened marks from the kicks that are slowly turning purplish-blue.
“Welcome to the first ever British Bake Off. With us here are 12 contestants fighting for the crown of Britain’s best amateur baker.”
“It can be used to find pathways between worlds,” the Midnight Queen explains. “In the wrong hands, it can be used to find and open another Gate. And that's the last thing we wanted.”
Sherlock looks up at him, eyes wide with surprise. He doesn’t answer, and he looks a bit like a deer in headlights, caught out and uncertain which way to run. For a long moment, he hesitates. “Yes,” he finally says. “Yes.”
That first time was pure instinct, shooting the cabbie before Sherlock could take that pill, John knowing with absolute certainty that Sherlock would take that pill, that he couldn’t not take it, that it was a compulsion, and John stopping this farce the only way he knew how. Of course Sherlock instantly knew, and it changed everything between them, changed the way Sherlock looked at him, made them a team, an ‘us against the world’, a unit.
Sherlock shrugs, but doesn’t answer. He is gazing at everything with sharp-eyed fascination, looking for something, anything, that will tell them what happened here. He seems to have somewhat recovered from his sulk, the mystery driving out whatever it was that bothered him.
Sherlock wakes up disoriented for a moment, which is unusual for him. Normally when he is awake, he is awake, and when he is asleep he is asleep, no hovering at the edges for him.
He trails off, aware that Mary, Molly and Irene, plus half the crew, are watching their interaction with interest, and that he has no idea how to finish that sentence.
Their room is dark when he comes in, and he almost misses the outline of Sherlock’s form under the covers of his bed. He’s got his back turned to John, and if it were anyone other than Sherlock, John would assume he’s asleep, but since Sherlock rarely sleeps, it seems most unlikely.
Mycroft reaches for the jar Sherlock indicated and spreads a generous amount of the bright red jam on his scone. “Excellent,” he says with the air of a true connoisseur. “Lemon zest?”
“I just want some goddamned fucking rain for once,” he whispers. “Just some good old English fog. The kind that sneaks into your clothes and makes you feel like you’re getting wet from the inside out.”
He sets down the cake and there’s a noticeable pause, where they hold each others’ eyes, and then John gives an almost imperceptible nod. Sherlock sits down in an empty chair next to Janine, and conversation resumes, but Sherlock can’t listen to a word, because his ears are buzzing with a sound like the ocean and the errant pounding of his heart.
The oven is cold; he doesn’t feel like baking. For once, his mind isn’t quieted by the process at all, and he can’t spend a minute longer in the kitchen with twelve perfect mince pies mocking him from the counter.
John stills, and he swallows. It's true, but that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt to hear. “What... how do you know?” he asks, and he hates how small his voice sounds, how vulnerable.
John does his best to shrug while moving as few muscles as possible. “We knew it would happen sooner or later.” His voice is rough and hoarse, and Sherlock helps him to drink a bit more water.
Silence falls again, and John starts to relax in the knowledge that whatever else he is, he isn’t alone.
Sherlock has no idea what John is doing. He’s made what looks a bit like a cream cheese filling, and Sherlock wasn’t sure if it’s savoury or sweet until he started making custard.
This story got me through a tough, cold, long winter, sitting at home in lockdown. I am immensely grateful for the warm, loving welcome it has received. I love fandom, and fandom absolutely got me through the worst of the last year and a half, if only by giving me a way to escape my own thoughts and my own four walls for a while. So thank you all.
Sherlock decides the best course of action is to change the subject. “Are you going to lecture me on the many ways smoking kills?”
He strips off his t-shirt and Sherlock watches greedily as John’s hand teases over a nipple, then his fingers follow the trail of hair leading to John’s groin. Sherlock loves tracing that trail with his tongue, loves the softness of John’s skin, the coarse hair against his tongue, the smell of John, arousal and sweat.
Sherlock glares at both of them. “I never had a high opinion of police intelligence, and you, Sergeant Donovan, unfortunately, confirm my worst fears. Miss Jones was clearly murdered after somebody hired her to steal that report.”
“Oh god, yes,” Mary agrees, gesturing with her pizza slice. “Today at lunch I had a strong urge to eat just pickles.”
“Sherlock, as for you,” Moran continues, and a hush falls over the tent once more, “I don’t think anyone has to tell you that you’re a spectacular baker. You’re the baker I was looking forward to most every week, you always came up with something interesting. I think it was clear you’d make it to the final in the first episode, so I don’t think anyone will be surprised that you’re in the final.”
“You don’t actually expect me to comment on that, do you?” Sherlock says, and fervently hopes that the camera doesn’t pick up on the heat he can feel rising in his cheeks.
He knows the second Sherlock sees him, because his face lights up in a way that makes John’s heart twist and beat faster. They’ve been together for two and a half years - well, if you don’t count the hiatus - and they’ve been married for a year and a half of those, but Sherlock hasn’t lost the ability to quicken John’s pulse merely by looking at him, and John fervently hopes he never will.
John shrugs, looking back at Sherlock, who’s leaving the hall through another door that John supposes leads into the library. “It wasn’t that hard. He’s… interesting.”
The judges cut into it, and the chocolate center oozes out. “Oh, liquid center, I love those,” Sally says, and all three judges taste.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but goes back to whipping his cream, but he knows he’s smiling and he somehow can’t bring himself to stop.
Sherlock shudders imperceptibly. How can John even ask that, when Moriarty all but unzipped Sherlock’s chest and said
Instead, John pushes him down into the mattress and holds Sherlock’s hands firmly over his head as he grinds their hips together. He tears the condom open with his teeth and prepares himself with shaking fingers, then takes Sherlock’s cock deep inside his body.
John gets up from his lap and pulls Sherlock to his feet. Slowly, they put themselves back together, straighten clothes, swiping ineffectually at shirts and pants to clean away some of the mess they made.
“Really? Is that why you’re talking about finding pieces of rotting meat he left in your fridge in the tone people talk about their first dates?”
John hooks a leg around Sherlock and starts to pull Sherlock’s shirt out of his pants so he can dip his hands beneath it, sliding cool fingers up Sherlock’s spine and down his backside. The touch sends shivers over Sherlock’s body. He moves even closer and slots their bodies together so he can feel John’s growing hardness against his thigh. It’s insanely good and Sherlock wants more, now.
“How much blood has she lost?” John asks in a tone of voice that shocks Sherlock out of his arousal as efficiently as a cold shower would. “Are you transfusing her? We’re the same blood type.”
Mycroft only looks at John mildly, and John snaps his mouth shut and glares out of the window, angry at himself that he let Mycroft goad him into defending Sherlock, angry at Mycroft for lying and lying and lying for two fucking years, angry at Sherlock for leaving him alone for so long. He blinks against the tears threatening again, and rubs his stinging eyes while Mycroft pretends not to see.
“I don’t think so,” John says, but he has to admit he’s not entirely sure. He meets Sherlock’s searching gaze and he feels the thing again, the rushing-in-his-ears, jump-off-a-cliff feeling.
John can hear the killer say, “Don’t move or you’ll be sorry,” before walking towards the back door. John gathers all his strength, ignoring his shaking knees and the wobbly feeling in his stomach. Now or never.
There’s too little air in here. The drone of the heavy bombers is clearly audible through the ceiling. John can’t breathe.
Mike snorts a laugh, and dismisses John with a wave of his hand. John crosses the courtyard to the rehearsal room and hopes against hope that Mike will actually pull it together.
He looks at Victor’ face in the second picture and it occurs to him that he doesn’t know anything about the man this boy has become in the six years since he last saw him, shooting up on a dingy mattress in their awful, messy sitting room.
Then he checks his emails. Notifications of comments on his latest YouTube video on the properties of different types of sugar, melting points, reactions, colour and taste. Six more Instagram followers. No interaction on his blog. A bit disappointing, but not unusual. People find it easier to follow a video or like a picture than seriously exercising what little wit they have to really understand the chemistry behind baking. An email from Irene Adler.
Sherlock nods, and John starts preparing tea with the determined gestures of a man who needs something to do with his hands that moment. Anything.
They wait for the weekend and tell Mrs. Hudson they’re going fishing and won’t be back until Sunday evening. This gives them two days to watch the Gate.
Sherlock’s heart does a complicated little stutter at the wistful tone of John’s voice. Their eyes meet, and John looks at him like he expects Sherlock to say something, but Sherlock has no idea what that might be. He can’t say what he’s thinking, which is
He walks home to Baker Street, deep in thought about how to make the goddamned mince pies more interesting, and about the ten different ways his meeting with Mr Chatterjee could go wrong.
Lestrade and Moran praise the taste and the whole effect, but Sherlock can barely hear them over the rushing in his ears, because he meant to make John smile with the little winking inside joke, but John doesn’t look amused and charmed, he looks sad and a bit ill, and Sherlock realises that he made an
He goes back to his experiment, but when his phone chimes five minutes later, he has no memory of what he was even looking at through the microscope.
Reassured, John takes another step closer and examines the rabbit. There are no bite marks or visible injuries. “What did it die of?” he asks.
“So without further ado, the overall theme for the final is, you guessed it from the decoration, Christmas.”
The cool night air bites at his fingers and toes. He can hear faint music, and the light from the hall filters out into the garden. The wedding party is still in full swing, but Sherlock is done. He’s done enough. If he has to endure one more second, the pain in his chest will consume him entirely and leave a heap of ashes behind.
“Lovely presentation,” Lestrade says as Sherlock puts his cake down. It’s topped with chocolate-glazed raspberries, drizzled with dark and white chocolate and small chocolate shavings.
Sherlock smiles back, all easy charm, and John grits his teeth and nods at Lestrade. “From the top?”
John swallows around the lump in his throat and looks out of the window again. “I’ll never forgive you for any of this. You lied to me for two years. Every time you saw me, you lied. Every word of comfort, all lies.”
It’s Thursday, and he’s bored, so he decides to go through the bake one more time, maybe he can figure out what isn’t quite working for him. So he makes the pastry and lets it rest, then gently pulls and stretches it so it’s thin enough. He spoons in the fragrant pumpkin filling, spiced with cinnamon and cardamom, the pecans finely chopped, the cranberries as small taste capsules, exploding in the mouth, giving tartness and sweetness. Into the oven.
“In here,” Sherlock says, and lifts his feet so John can sit down on the couch. John lets himself fall heavily into the couch cushions. He’s been in tech all week, but he’s home earlier than yesterday, so apparently it’s going well.
Sherlock looks up sharply, all his quiet contentment gone. “What did he say?” he asks, and he doesn’t care that his tone reflects his annoyance. “Whatever it is, ignore him, he’s an unmitigated arsehole.”
As luck would have it, he arrives ten minutes before shift change. John steps out of one of the large canvas tents, white pants, white shirt, lab coat, stethoscope around his neck. He looks tired, but long-work-day tired, not desperate-depressed tired. He’s holding a cup of tea and cranking his neck a little, and he’s looking thoughtful, but not sad. His hands are steady, his legs carry him easily. He looks taller, somehow, more confidently John Watson, than he did when Sherlock met him.
The call comes on a Monday morning. Sherlock takes off his safety goggles and checks who it is, then sighs heavily.
John sets down the mug he was about to put into the dishwasher and frowns. “Okay, out with it. What’s wrong?”
The judges move on, and Sherlock just hopes this will end soon, because he’s already bored out of his mind.
John goes still, and Sherlock pulls back. For a moment, they just look at each other, quietly, and that’s another thing about John Sherlock appreciates, his ability to be absolutely, completely still. There’s something in John’s eyes, though, something dark and warm, something that feels ever so slightly dangerous, like Sherlock has poked a tiger or teased a rattlesnake. It’s wonderful. It makes him tingle all over. He moves back in, to taste that danger some more, but there’s a finger over his lips, and John shakes his head.
“People is sayin’, nowadays, how lucky we are that the Fey’a opened the gate for us to come, but story goes they didn’t exactly do it for free, supposedly took half the food the villagers brought from Earth,” Billy says, “and in the old days, the Fey’a used to kidnap humans to make them work for them. So I don't understand why the Watch are just takin' their word that it's closed. I'll tell you somethin', if you got through, the Gate isn't really closed. And I'd be surprised if you're the only ones. Least if you ask me.”
But Sherlock just nods, still addressing the dead pig. “I lie in bed for as long as I can stand it, and then I get up.”
Sherlock gets up and holds out his hands, and John grasps them and pulls himself up. When they just stand there, hands clasped, Sherlock is oddly reminded of how he taught John to dance, John’s hand sweaty in his, John’s insecure little laugh, the way he bit his lip in concentration, unaware that Sherlock’s heart was hammering out of his chest two feet away from his own.
John cries out harshly, almost like he’s in pain, but the way his hand fists in Sherlock’s hair and holds him there tells a different story. And god, but nothing compares to this, to having John’s hard length in his mouth, running his tongue along the underside and feeling John shiver down to his toes, John’s hand in his hair holding him and guiding him and making him stay. Every quiver of John’s, every sound, every desperate whisper of his name, every time John’s hand convulsively fists in his hair, Sherlock feels it all directly in his cock, already beyond hard and pressing painfully against his fly. But for now he enjoys the desperate edge to his arousal, entirely focused on getting John off. And Sherlock can tell it won’t take long, because John is already on edge, and Sherlock is going down on John like he’s starved for this for a long time, which of course he did. He uses every trick, every swirl of tongue, hint of teeth, deep throat until he almost chokes, everything he knows drives John insane, and John’s already shaking and sounding like he’s dying, and he’s pulling at Sherlock’s hair until it’s almost too painful to bear, but Sherlock doesn’t relent until John comes into his mouth with a strangled cry and sags back against the elevator wall, spent and sated and looking half dead.
“Back?” John asks like he’s not entirely sure whether Sherlock is sane. “Back where? London? Baker Street? After five years, five fucking years, you come here and I’m just supposed to drop everything and come back to London with you?”
performance’, which gets him away from most actors because that’s all they care about. He deflected the costume designer with a question about the quick change in Act 2, and the set designer with a highly technical lighting question, and now he’s racking his brain on what to say to the director. He can’t say ‘Interesting interpretation’, because it’s code for ‘It was rubbish and I hated it’. He  can’t use 'nice' or ‘professional’; that’s just plain insulting. He’s finally settling on an observation about how well the director led the actors, while still worrying about that sounding like 'Congratulations on not murdering my husband, the annoying git', when he finally spots Sherlock.
Suddenly, Sherlock discovers that there’s a lump in his throat and he has no idea what to say. He hasn’t talked to John in three weeks. His emails have gone unanswered. John’s mobile number is disconnected. His office phone is always answered by the surgery’s secretary. He never opened the door at Harry’s no matter how hard Sherlock knocked on it.
He turns his head and looks at Sherlock, who’s sitting on the floor, cross-legged, staring at a broken-down blackboard he carried up to their room a few days ago. It’s plastered with ripped-out pages of books, notes in Sherlock’s messy handwriting, newspaper articles, diagrams and maps. It contains every scrap of information about the Gates they’ve been able to gather during the two months they’ve been here.
That image is burned into his retinas. Victor’s pale skin, his wide, glassy eyes, the hurt in his voice when he cursed Sherlock for leaving. It’s been haunting him like a ghost of his past mistakes, and he’s been letting this spectre make his decisions for him.
“He can’t, but I can,” a voice comes from the darkness, one John never thought he’d be this glad to ever hear.
Sherlock grabs the masher from a nearby drawer and hands it to John. “Believe it or not, it had actually occurred to me to try for a bank loan, given that I know that banks exist and what their business model is. Unfortunately, their business model isn’t giving money to people with no credit and no securities.”
Moriarty wins high praise for his deconstructed strawberry shortcakes, which he’s arranged in bite sized pieces on individual spoons, but his savoury scones with sun-dried tomatoes and basil get criticism for being under-seasoned, even though they look stunning.
He’s experimented with several fillings for his filo pastry and yesterday he finally settled on a butternut squash-pecan-cranberry filling that his homeless network went absolutely potty over. He’s not entirely sure how much he actually likes the filling himself, but the clear majority of test subjects liked it, therefore it doesn’t much matter that it’s not entirely to his taste.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to that, so he takes a sip of his stone-cold coffee. It’s still better than the aftertaste of this conversation.
“He’s telling you all your life stories from the way you tie your shoelaces?” Lestrade guesses, and Adriana grins.
“My dad was a drunk, you know. Not the violent kind, the quiet depressed kind. And I’m a doctor, I know a lot about addiction, I know it’s got a genetic component, so I’m thinking maybe this is a there but for the grace of god go I situation, that I just won the genetic lottery and should get off my high horse.” John pauses briefly and Sherlock can feel him take a deep breath. “It’s just… so exhausting. And it’s hard, knowing I can’t help her.”
Sherlock shrugs. He doesn’t actually care, five random people’s opinion on the nuances between two very similar recipes won’t lose him a second of sleep. What he won’t admit even under torture is that the entire thing, from the challenge to filming John bake, to John filming him while baking, to this judging thing, was the most fun he’s had in literally years, and probably ever while completely stone-cold sober.
That’s another reason John dislikes afterparties. He’s bad at coming up with polite ways of saying, ‘The play you’re in is shit.’ He was slightly forewarned by Sherlock, who’s been vocal about his dislike of the production, but he wasn’t prepared for it to be this bad.
Mary went home about two hours ago when it was clear that John would be made to stay until his blood tests came back. No sense in both of them being exhausted tomorrow.
He shakes himself out of his funk, trying to ignore the pressure under his breastbone, and refocuses his attention on Molly’s words, who’s giving him an update on the construction. Apparently everything’s going as planned. Don Anderson, their set designer, is in today, and he brought the wallpaper he wants to use. John’s had a meeting with him and Mary and Lestrade during lunch to settle on the lighting design, and another meeting with Lestrade and Dimmock to settle on which of the six annoying ringtones Dimmock selected they’ll use for Sherlock’s character’s phone.
“Really well done,” Donovan adds, “But just for future reference, same note applies to you as to Jim. Nothing wrong with keeping it simple.”
He gets up and holds the door open for the boys to pass through before them. Then he leads them outside the building and a few streets down, into an area that looks very much more conventionally English than the rest of the city. He knocks on the door of a tall, handsome building with a sign that reads “Baker Street School”.
Something inside Sherlock – something akin to hope – deflates. “Then what do you want, Harriet?” he asks, already losing interest in the conversation.
“I thought Mary was pretty funny,” Sherlock finally says, and he discovers to his surprise that it feels good to talk about her, and not resent her.
John looks at the mince pie critically, and admittedly it’s not much to look at, having been squashed in Sherlock’s coat pocket for the hour it took Sherlock to walk here. But he takes it and bites into it, making an approving sound.
She nods at him, a simple acknowledgement of fact. “Classic mistake. Cheese in the batter, not on top,” she says with a nod at Mary, who’s at that moment comforting a depressed Dimmock. She turns to John and lays a hand on his arm and Sherlock suppresses the urge to go over there and bat her hand away.
John shakes his head and gives him an embarrassed smile. “Hey, it takes two to snog. So. You know. I’m sorry too.”
He hasn’t felt like that since. He’s almost forgotten what that feeling was. He’s tried to replicate it, with drugs and no sleep and no food and sometimes all of the above. But it’s eluded him so far.
“Likewise. You’re supposed to be clever. Can’t say you’ve impressed me yet.” This must be their killer. The voice is deep, rough but powerful. Clearly not from Temera, and clearly not from little country cottages in Sussex, either.
He goes on and on, people, details, deductions, and John feels a bit like he’s on that train with Sherlock, watching him take them apart with his words. Occasionally, John asks a question, but mostly he lets Sherlock talk and talk until he notices that Sherlock is starting to relax.
air he exudes transmits itself to the entire tent, because the judges are unusually brisk. Molly wins, Irene is out. Irene takes it stoically.
Time slows to a crawl. Sherlock’s heart is beating very loudly and very fast. John swallows. His eyes are wide and uncertain.
John’s entire face softens as he finally, finally understands what Sherlock is trying to say. “You stop thinking, and you just do.”
“Your pyjamas and your slippers don’t quite fit, likely hand-me-downs from some charity or other, you’ve been evacuated, and you’re sitting here in a strange kitchen a three in the morning watching me dissect a rabbit rather than going back to bed,” Sherlock says, lips quirking into an odd little half-smile at the end.
Sherlock swallows and meets John’s eyes, and when John smiles at him, it would have been physically impossible for Sherlock not to smile back.
He puts the glass down with a faint tinge of something like regret and starts walking towards the cloakroom. Sherlock follows automatically, without thinking about it.
The door dings, and John comes in with a plastic take-out bag. Sherlock looks up from the phone, and John grins at him.
“Not me,” Kitty says. “I don’t know about Vi. Last time I saw her was about a month ago, and she didn’t say anything.” She looks up, blushing a bit. “I hadn’t had much time for her lately, I’ve been seeing someone.” Her eyes fill with tears. “I should have made time,” she whispers.
Sherlock tells her and he can hear a pen scratching over paper. “Lunch before to strategize?” Janine asks.
“I was hoping you would enlighten me,” Mycroft observes mildly. “Might I trouble you for a cup of that espresso? It smells very good.”
When there’s really no earthly excuse to stir his coffee anymore, Victor sighs. “I think I owe you an apology.”
, he did with Sherlock. Sherlock was the one he came home to, talked to, fell asleep in front of the telly with.
enough and one or the other of them would kill you. And it’d be my fault. And I couldn’t take that anymore. So I went after them alone. And you were safe and sound in London. Hating me, but safe.”
John gets up and fetches a glass of water from the pitcher on their dresser. He hands it to Sherlock so forcefully he spills a little on Sherlock’s shoes. “Drink, for God’s sake, before you pass out.”
John reaches for the antibiotic ointment and starts applying it with more force than is at all necessary. He gestures at the wound. “First of all, you idiot, I’m not
So when Mrs. Hudson offered him 221B, he considered that it would probably be a good idea to have somebody around to take care of the boring, mundane details like paying the rent, vacuuming, and turning off the Bunsen burner if Sherlock passes out over his experiments.
They walk along the corridor that leads to their respective bedrooms. Sherlock’s being uncharacteristically quiet, deep in thought. John tries to think of something to say that’s reassuring and still doesn’t give away the fact that he wasn’t asleep just now.
John grins at him smugly. “Told you. Although, I like whipped cream, and if purtybitches is willing to travel…”
The Fey’a in charge gives Sherlock a grin. “Because I said so, and I’m the one holding the crossbow.”
“How did they reopen the Gate? We were told it’s impossible, that the knowledge was lost,” John asks, remembering the young Fey’a boy who told them this after the Gate was supposedly destroyed.
“Tell me your worst Christmas story, and I’ll tell you mine,” John says, and there’s a catch in his voice, like he’s trying to wrestle some powerful emotion down.
John catches the end of that second yes as he leans in and kisses Sherlock. Gently. Cautiously. Sherlock is still kneeling between his thighs, and John wraps one arm around his waist and gently threads the fingers of his other hand into Sherlock’s hair and pulls him even closer. Sherlock huffs a surprised breath against John’s lips, then kisses back, carefully, deliberately, hands fisting in the fabric of John’s jumper. John can feel the tremor that runs through Sherlock’s body when John licks against his lips, and John moves closer, drags Sherlock in, wants more contact, more warmth, more of this heady, quiet intimacy. Sherlock seems to be on board with this because he grabs at John’s clothes and holds John still.
Silence descends in the tent. Moriarty looks around, and apparently only now becomes aware of the cameras that are still rolling and the crew standing around with looks on their faces that range from bored to annoyed to outright hostile. Molly is glaring daggers at him, while John is apparently trying to hide his amusement. Sherlock tries to keep his own mix of boredom and annoyance off his face, and just stares back at Moriarty when his eyes are drawn to Sherlock.
John heaves a sigh and visibly deflates, as if whatever he was going to say, whatever strength he gathered has deserted him. “About six months ago. I’m getting a little far-sighted in my old age,” he says, giving Sherlock a tiny, self-deprecating smile.
Lya and the Midnight Queen listen to them without showing any surprise, or registering any emotion whatsoever. When they’re done, a short silence falls, then the Midnight Queen says to Lya in Feyara, “Tell them.”
He can hear it in his dreams, sometimes. The alarm. The flatline. He can almost feel the shocks. He sees it almost as often as he sees Sherlock jump.
Lestrade smiles. “If more people did what was necessary, maybe both this world and yours wouldn’t be in the state they’re in.” He nods at the doctor. “Molly.”
John’s about to answer when someone clears their throat loudly behind them. John and Billy both turn and see Ginger leaning against the chimney, grinning. “Sorry to interrupt, gents.”
John looks at him, a hungry gleam in his eyes. He licks his lips, an unconscious gesture, but Sherlock’s eyes are drawn to the movement anyway. His eyes snap back to John’s, and then John reaches out and fists his hands into Sherlock’s coat lapels and reels him in for a kiss.
John can’t help a small smile, because trust Sherlock to play semantics during a moment like this. “All right. Let me rephrase. Would you like to try that again, without the hyperventilation?”
He sets it down on their small rickety table and Billy starts wolfing down the food with his hands, showing no finesse whatsoever. Sherlock and John watch him eat in silence. John looks over at Sherlock questioningly, and Sherlock gets up from the bed, casually sauntering over to the door to their room, leaning against it. John raises a questioning eyebrow and nods in Billy’s direction, but Sherlock only grins and says nothing.
“What about me?” John asks, walking after Sherlock slowly, leaning on his cane more heavily than before.
Sherlock slowly blinks his eyes open and straightens with a groan. He’s definitely getting too old for falling asleep over his kitchen table.  “What time is it?” he mutters, rubbing at his eyes.
“Don’t complain about cakes, people. Sooner or later we’ll get a savoury challenge, and you will all wish you could just bake a goddamned cake again.”
Everybody chuckles good-naturedly, and John nudges him to go on with a slight movement of his chin. “So. Which one do you choose?”
Molly is next. Her eclairs are perfect, crunchy and fluffy and her pastry cream is light and lemony. The judges love the dark chocolate icing.
“Because you’re high as a kite. Because I said so,” John says, slowly, and there’s something in his voice that sounds like a warning.
“Cooking is a lot more varied than baking, after all,“ Molly jumps in, “Spices, meats, veggies, different textures and flavours, varying cooking times. Give me a nice, simple, straightforward Battenberg cake any day.”
“I’ve got rubbish spatial perception, that’s why I’m shit at parallel parking. But I’ve gotten just about everything I wanted out of this competition, and baking is starting to bore me. Maybe I’ll move on to other things after this.”
He can see that Moriarty understands him exactly. He takes a step closer to Sherlock, but so does John. It’s a decisive sort of step, one that makes a point. He’s not doing much of anything, really, just leans casually on his cane, and the expression on his face is deceptively mild, but there’s a flinty coolness in his eyes that visibly makes Moriarty pause.
He’s always managed somehow, but then, he’s always had help. After his mum died, the army helped. After he came back from Afghanistan, Sherlock helped. And after Sherlock, Mary helped. And now he’s going to have to be the one to help Sherlock recover from a gunshot wound to the chest, while feeling like he’s the one bleeding.
“It’s already done, I’m posting it after the episode airs,” Sherlock says dryly, and there’s another smattering of chuckles from the room.
“Oh, of course!” John takes another spoonful and spreads it over his scone. “It’s bloody delicious.”
The building has obviously been abandoned for some time. John watches for a few moments from the other side of the street, but can’t see anything. He takes the long way around to the alley behind the house and very much hopes that he’ll notice Sherlock lurking
Sherlock surges forward and presses John against the opposite wall without breaking the kiss, stroking his tongue into John’s mouth, pressing his entire body into John’s.
The answering huff of air means John’s torn between being annoyed and amused, and Sherlock knows he’s won. It feels good, winning over John. It always feels good, getting this self-sufficient, upright, sober, serious man to concede something to mad, delinquent, messy Sherlock.
John doesn’t look up, but from the way his hand clenches and his jaw tightens, Sherlock knows John noticed him. He stops three steps away and waits.
The last eight months have been rough in their house. John’s been on furlough, but he comes in about once a week to check whether everything is alright. He’s been in touch with his crew over phone and email, but he hasn’t seen any of them in weeks. They had all come in over the summer when they briefly thought they might be able to open their doors again in September, but when that turned out not to be feasible, they scattered again, and John isn’t sure how long he can hold them together. He wouldn’t blame any of them for looking for another job, but it’s difficult to imagine coming back without Mary and Molly, at least. They’ve been together for so long as a crew that they understand each other without many words, a cohesive unit which works together seamlessly. A family. Inside and outside of these walls.
Sherlock briefly looks up from the microscope, then re-focuses on his work. John drains a glass of water and puts another down next to Sherlock.
“I already said that. You know I hate repeating myself,” Sherlock snaps. “I also already said it won’t happen again.”
“True,” John concedes, still smiling fondly at Sherlock. “And she was a tremendous baker. Excellent biscuits, almost as good as Mrs Hudson’s.”
“He’s not my young man, mother. He’s not as young as all that, for starters, and he’s not mine, anyhow,” Sherlock grates out between gritted teeth.
Quietly, he makes his way down the stairs, craning his head around the open doorway to the kitchen to see who it is, because he would put it past exactly nobody in this house to bake scones at one in the morning. But there are some he would mind bumping into less than others.
Something cool is pressed into his hand. “Drink the whole bottle, or you’ll feel like death warmed over in the morning,” John says, perching on the edge of his bed.
John looks at him from the side, and the smile he gives Sherlock is both fond and understanding. “It looked like you needed some fresh air.”
John swallows audibly, and his voice sounds rough and uneven when he asks, “Do you really think we were a mistake?”
and suddenly John is so very familiar again, and Sherlock can read him like his favourite book once more. He knows that look in his eyes, the one that says,
John just nods and gently puts the dress back into the closet.  “My sister’s a Land Girl. She went as soon as she was eighteen. Anything to get away from home. She was always restless....” he trails off and shakes his head as if to clear it. He’s had to put these feelings, these memories away, in order to survive.
It was a done deal before he even realised he was in danger. The lethal wound was inflicted on his self-image of the lonely sociopath possibly at the same time as the bullet pierced Jefferson Hope.
Sherlock looks up and apparently decides that it’s pointless to argue, because he actually stops, sits and eats. Grudgingly, glowering, but he does it. John can’t help it, he smiles. “I should mark this day on the calendar somehow. The day Sherlock Holmes did as he was told.”
“I forgot my phone charger. Just here to pick it up,” Sherlock says and turns to go into the dressing room without another word.
But if Sherlock hates one thing, it’s mornings after. Waking up first, being quiet, morning breath, using bathrooms, awkward goodbyes, painful negotiations about how to communicate that this was nice, yes, but a one-time-thing and not to be overrated, just biology, just a quick scraping over each others’ pleasure centers. There’s no difference between good sex and eating an especially good piece of cake, chemically speaking, after all. Just tickling the dopamine receptors.
And then, just like that, the moment breaks, and Sherlock visibly - for John, at least - shakes himself out of it. “Billy’s downstairs.”
“You realise I can’t shut up and say something at the same time, right?” Sherlock snaps, both a little irritated and a lot hopeful because John’s giving him that look, that
“Changing the subject from your blatant public display of affection, I see,” Janine grouses, but she gets out of the way, letting John help her over the uneven, gravelly terrain of the car park which her stiletto heels make difficult to navigate.
The judging goes swiftly for once. Most of the loaves are competently made, but few stand out. The sweet loaves almost all contain some sort of dried fruit, except for his and Molly's. Molly grated marzipan into her dough and Sherlock used honey-glazed hazelnuts. The judges love both, but Molly's sage, sun-dried tomato and Buffalo mozzarella is just that bit better than Sherlock’s goat cheese and plums, so Molly wins.
John looks down at his hands holding his mug. He has the ridiculous impulse to smash it. He doesn’t, of course, but he imagines it for a second. What it would feel like. The noise it would make. The shards pressing into his fingers. He’d welcome the pain right now. “I’m not sure I have, completely,” he finally says, and it surprises him, these words, spoken from a part of him that’s just too bloody tired to pretend. “I mean, I understood why he did it. And I believe he’s sorry. I suppose that’s the difference.”
John crosses his arms. He’s tired, hungry and his feet hurt. “So where are we then? Explain it to me, Sherlock. Scientifically.”
Sheepishly, John draws back, but not far, because Sherlock’s hand is still fisted into his t-shirt in a white-knuckled grip, and Sherlock’s still looking at him with an intensity that could melt steel, and it’s incredibly flattering, and incredibly hot. John swallows, and he forgets what he wanted to say, lost in the promise implicit in Sherlock’s gaze, until the nurse clears his throat again.
He manages to sit up enough to gaze at John, who looks like Sherlock feels, messed up and blissful and vaguely traumatized.
“You know,” John continues, not looking at him, taking off his glasses and fiddling with them, “for the longest time, I didn’t believe it. There was no body, so you couldn’t be dead. I even had this long row with Lestrade and Mycroft about the funeral, because I knew you’d think it stupid to hold a funeral for an empty coffin.”
“We’ll just return home tomorrow,” Sherlock says, and narrows his eyes as Mrs Hudson visibly winces. “What? Why are you doing that?”
Sherlock feels an entirely irrational relief, and when Molly draws him into a three-way hug with her and John, he goes willingly, closing his eyes for a moment to enjoy the way John’s fingers are gripping at his back.
“And before that everything was good, right? You were happy, content, not at all restless and bored and strung out, right? I thought you forgave me. I thought we were starting new,” Mary says, and there’s a tired sadness in her voice that John can deeply empathise with.
“Oh, yes, I do, that doesn’t mean I don’t have time to tease you about yours. Especially since yours are easier to solve than mine.”
“Touch yourself,” Sherlock pants, running greedy hands over John’s skin. “Let me see you. Let me feel you.”
Sherlock feels a possessive urge to wipe that smug grin from John’s face. He grabs John and tackles him to the bed. “If you like whipped cream, I’m more than willing to provide some,” he all but growls and pins John’s hands to the bed on either side of his head. John’s laughter fades into a gasp as Sherlock grinds their hips together demandingly.
anybody to do this to him. But John is different from anyone else Sherlock has ever met, so it stands to reason that he alone can do what neither drugs nor self-hypnosis nor sheer physical exhaustion are capable of doing.
But Sherlock was there first. And Sherlock knows, somewhere deep down, that the reason Mary is nice to him, the reason they dance around each other and maintain a careful equilibrium is that they’re both terrified of making John choose, because neither of them is sure John would choose them.
Mary stays up in the lighting booth to set up for tomorrow, and John leaves her to it and goes down to the green room to pick up his stuff.
“You can taste it. The filling tastes more like apple strudel than a classic English pie, and I love it,” Moran says. “The bottom is too thick, but oddly enough, I don’t mind so much.”
The nice hotel is a necessity for their cover. Sherlock is supposed to be the spoilt son of a Russian oligarch, and they’re not exactly known for slumming it.
Then John growls, low in his throat, and their mouths meet in a hungry, desperate, all-consuming kiss.
He half expects to end up on his stomach, John behind him, fucking into him hard and insistent, pulling Sherlock’s hips back against his cock.
It’s difficult to see in the fog, and John consults his map and his compass several times, but Sherlock seems to need no such help. He strides confidently along, as he seems to know where they’re going with certainty, but John has learned only last week that this can actually be deceiving, because they got horribly lost and it took them two hours to find their way back to Musgrave Hall.
John is the only one who knows that Sherlock loves him. Not even Sherlock knows; John’s pretty sure that he hasn’t yet identified this thing inside him that makes him care about John as love. For once, John is quicker than Sherlock.
And now that it’s actually happened, he can either hold on to his anger and his grief, or he can let it go, and finally allow himself to be happy that he has his friend back.
He looks away, knowing that she is possibly the only person who truly knows just how horrible this day was for him. Except for maybe Mary. And possibly John.
“Stop simpering. People aren't doing you any favours; they’re just stating empirically observable facts,” Sherlock snaps.
Sherlock goes home in a daze. His hands are trembling ever so slightly, and his stomach is behaving like he just rode a rollercoaster.
One of those nights, he went to John’s bedroom. John has a stillness about him, something eternally calm and quiet, something untouchable and unchangeable, an anchor, a mountain, something to rest on and cling to and hide inside. And that night, Sherlock craved that stillness, that quiet, that calm, the kindness and generosity with which John took Sherlock to his bed, no questions asked, no explanation necessary, even though he knows exactly what Sherlock is and what he is capable of.
The look through the rest of her things, a few coins, two or three books. A few toiletries. Nothing out of the ordinary. Sherlock even looks under the bed and lifts her mattress. Nothing.
“Sherlock. Look at me.” Gentle hands push at his shoulder, until Sherlock faces John and looks at him.
“Bollocks,” John mutters again and tries not to panic. He does the only thing he can think of, pulling the piece of wood out of his shoulder. The wound bleeds heavier, and he takes off his jacket, wadding it together to stem the bleeding. He's pretty sure he read somewhere that that's what you're supposed to do. “Sherlock!” he yells, trying to shake Sherlock awake, but he doesn’t move.
He picks up his bag and turns to Mary, who’s watching him warily, silently. She hasn’t said much since they caught up with her. John doesn’t blame her. There doesn’t seem much to say.
Sherlock takes the picture John is holding under his nose with an air of disgust. “Honestly, John, why would I care…. oh.”
Sherlock smiles graciously and thanks all of them, then adds, “The line between simple and boring can be thin, and boring makes for bad television, don’t you agree?”
Sherlock shakes his head and takes another drag of his cigarette. The nicotine settles into his veins and calms the tingling under his skin. He’s restless, and it’s only partly from boredom. Most of it is the fact that John hasn’t looked at him once since this morning.
John has no idea what Sherlock’s talking about, but he grins anyway, because he knows that Sherlock just solved the case, and in a moment, they’ll be out of the door, with the baby monitor safely with Mrs Hudson, and they’ll run into the darkness once more, and when the killer is caught, they’ll go home. Together.
“This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. Fairy Realm,” Sherlock scoffs. “You’ve finally proven the popular theory that reading fiction actually rots the brain.”
“The watch you wear on a chain around your neck is highly unsuitable for a twelve-year-old, and the way you unconsciously fiddle with it means it hasn’t been there for very long, you aren’t used to it being there. It’s an obvious heirloom, the kind of thing often passed from father to son. Your jumper, also too large for you, has got the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers regimental badge on it. There’s a war on. Obvious,” Sherlock enumerates, pointing at the watch and the badge in turn.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to that, so he decides to change the subject. “John, you’re exhausted. You need to get some sleep.”
“It’s not about perfection, Sherlock. If they were looking for Britain’s most perfect baker, none of us would be here. I’m sure there are dozens of patisserie chefs in Britain who make perfect petit fours and never split their whipped cream and never underbake anything. But if most people had the choice between home-made and store-bought, they’d take home-made every time. Not because it’s perfect, it very often isn’t, but it’s real. Genuine.”
He takes a look around the quiet street. It’s a foggy night, and the mist turns the streetlights into otherworldly glow-globes, the halo of water droplets glistening in the dim warmth of the lamps.
John shifts them around a bit so he can reach the door and unlock it, and Sherlock gets another whiff of John’s hair. It smells like tea and beer and antiseptics, laundry detergent and John’s shampoo. It’s oddly nice.
“Fantastic,” John mutters, and kneels down back at Mary’s side. “Mary,” he calls out, gently. “Can you hear me?”
Slowly, very slowly, Sherlock blinks his eyes open and focuses on John. “What happened?” he croaks, letting John help him sit up so he can drink some water.
“We were incredibly lucky to be picked up by Mrs Hudson. If we’d been older, we would’ve had to fend for ourselves, and we might have ended up in a place like this.” John makes a gesture that encompasses the tiny flat, the threadbare carpet, the small window, the absence of heat.
His therapist is a nice enough woman, but her failure to crack open John’s British reticence and military hatred of expressing emotion is so complete that most of the time they stare at each other in vaguely hostile silence. She tries to get him to talk about his family, his war experience. He won’t even tell her what he had for breakfast.
The showstopper theme is ‘Your Family’s Favourite Cake’ and Sherlock had a hard time figuring out what to do for this one, because Mummy and Father don’t like sweets, and Mycroft will eat anything Sherlock sets in front of him. So he decided to let the group of homeless people who always eat his leftover bakes decide, and they settled on beetroot chocolate cake with a liquid center.
“One good thing about working in a morgue, I don’t have that problem,” Molly observes dryly, earning a round of laughs.
Sherlock hates after parties at the best of times, but now he’s almost painfully aware of John, who’s leaning against the bar with Sally and Molly, and who’s shed the black-on-black backstage uniform and is wearing well-fitting jeans and a button-down with the sleeves rolled up, and is looking just about good enough to eat.
And then reality came knocking, in the form of an offer he couldn’t refuse. The chance of a lifetime, but in New York. Three months rehearsals, six month run. And he knew, absolutely, that if he took that part, he would lose John. And he took that goddamned part. And he’s been trying to convince himself since that day that it’s been worth it, and he honestly doesn’t know if he ever really thought that, or if he was just terrified of how much of his heart he’d inadvertently given away and using the part as an excuse to run away.
John isn’t scared. He’s gone beyond that point. He’s just numb, and tired, and relieved he doesn’t have to pretend that anything’s fine anymore.
John grins, relaxing back into the pillows. “Are you sure? This would be the perfect opportunity to get rid of a competitor, after all.”
Between beating his eggs and melting his chocolate and sieving in just a little flour, he looks around the room. The hosts are going from station to station again, and pretty much everything is going as he anticipated it. The Black Forest Gateau woman is completely overwhelmed. Anderson is neglecting his cake to comfort her. The carrot cake woman - whose name, he gleans, is Janine - looks undeservingly confident.
The front door of Speedy’s opens and John steps into the kitchen a few moments later. He smiles at Sherlock, obviously in a good mood. “Hey. What are you up to, you look like you were miles away.”
“No, they’ll only criticise the way you did it and point out a thousand ways you might have done these scones differently.”
Professional, he tells himself. Be professional. Do your bloody job, and be grateful the ex whose heart you broke is over it and prepared to act like a mature adult. It’s more than you had any right to expect.
“You can never tell, John,” Mrs Hudson answers, still looking at Sherlock’s pale face. “When our ancestors came here, many of the Fey’a weren’t thrilled. Some of them believe that there are too many humans here as it is. Here in the city we live relatively peacefully together, because the Fey’a who moved to the city are the ones with the least problems with humans. But the ones in the Forest, well, many of them don’t care for us at all. I wouldn't put it past some of them to ensure that the Gate was definitely closed.”
Sherlock experiments with savoury and sweet scones, then decides on the cranberry-lime. For savouries he decides to do macarons, and spends a day trying out different flavour combinations.
Finally, he can’t take it anymore. He goes over to John, plucks the book out of his hand and plants himself in John’s lap. John is smiling at him like he’s an especially adorable idiot, which Sherlock concedes might be true, because he can’t figure out why it’s taken him this long to get here.
“That looks painful,” she finally says, gesturing at his taped nose, a faint hint of satisfaction in her voice.
Silence. The only sounds in the kitchen are the oven and the tinny sound of someone speaking on the other end of a phone line. John has turned his back to Sherlock and is looking for his jumper.
“It was so runny, and I thought it would be so nice to do a white chocolate ganache, and it just wouldn’t set,” she gripes.
“The air is getting thin. All my cake has to be is the worst of a good lot. And that’s not difficult at all.”
The backstage door opens and John goes back into the green room to see whether the fire inspector is early today.
Moriarty opens his mouth, but Molly just looks at him, eyebrow cocked, daring him to say something more.
Sherlock huffs a laugh and smiles, a private little smile that tugs at John’s lips for an answer. For a moment, they look at each other, and John feels suffused with warmth and a deep sense of contentment.
They've taken a few steps into the forest when Sherlock stops so suddenly John's almost bumping into him.
“Yes?” John asks, and he sounds exhausted. Sherlock guesses that’s the reason he’s still leaning against Sherlock. But then of course, John isn’t entirely sober himself.
John holds out something for Sherlock to take. It’s a black soft-cover notebook. Sherlock opens it, and sees that the first few pages have been filled with the recipes for his seven birthday cakes. The recipes are extremely detailed, especially John’s. All the ingredients are listed with exact quantities, down to the number of tea bags John used to soak the dates.
They leave on a fishing boat. John bribes a stoic fisherman who does regular runs to Sicily and they spend the night on board.
Sherlock is lingering behind him the entire time. When the ambulance drives off, it’s Sherlock who flags down a cab and packs him into it. John looks at him, and he knows his shock is written on his face. Sherlock hesitates briefly, then he gets into the cab with John. “St. Bart’s hospital,” he says to the cabbie, then proceeds to gaze out of the window while John tries to pull himself together. He gets out his phone and calls Janine. Voicemail.
“How am I supposed to know? You’ve lied to me so many times, about so many things, I have no idea how you really feel about anything,” John snaps, and he feels an odd sort of satisfaction when Mary winces.
The Fey’a blindfold him so he won’t find his way back to their home, which is entirely unnecessary, given that it’s dark and the air is filled with smoke. Some of the Fey’a stay behind to douse the fire, three of them lift Sherlock between them, and one takes his arm so he’ll know where he’s going.
This chapter is basically the reason I wrote this fic. I was deeply unsatisfied with the end of TST and couldn't even bring myself to watch TLD and the rest of the mess that was S4, because I felt it was just so deeply out of character for John. So from here on, we go AU from canon, TLD and TFP never happened. Also, like the title says, this is the low point of the story, from now on we move into happier territory ;-)
A shiver runs through John’s body, and Sherlock feels a sudden, violent urge to rip John’s clothes off, to pin him down and ravage him, to make him bleed and sweat and come and shatter that eternal calm, and maybe in return get shattered himself by the violence he knows is somewhere within John. He knows that right now they could easily destroy each other, and a part of him wants to experience that, wants to know what it would take to break John, what he would do once broken, what it would be like to see this man erupt in the deadly, calm, remorseless violence he is capable of but always hides so well. It’s a rush like standing on the edge of a very tall building and thinking of jumping.
John laughs, and Sherlock can feel the vibration in his own body. It’s the best feeling he’s ever experienced in his life. “Merry Christmas,” John answers, then moves in for another kiss.
“Because you’re an idiot,” John says, and the answering smile on Sherlock’s face is brilliant and beautiful and so very worth every irritating genius quirk of his.
“I figured,” John says, taking the phone from Sherlock and dropping it carelessly on the floor. He’s clearly lost all interest in the game, and that’s fine by Sherlock.
Bread week is objectively boring. Kneading, braiding the eight strands together, then proofing it again for another thirty minutes, then baking. Listening to complaints from co-contestants who can’t even braid eight strands of dough together, who moan about their dough not having risen properly. Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner making smalltalk with the struggling contestants. And in between John, with his competent hands kneading and weaving with ease, with his well-fitting jeans and his eyes on Sherlock, with his teasing grins and the small, flirtatious smiles.
When Sherlock asks, Mycroft says, “Oh, yes, right. Last I heard he was in Yemen. I must check whether he’s still there.”
He looks over at Sherlock, who’s already lying on the couch, fingers steepled, thinking through the day.
“Nice batter, good height, not too much food colouring, and she’s letting the marzipan sit at room temperature, that’s wise.”
“Last time I did this play it was four years ago and I make less mistakes than you, even though you’ve done it every day for the last five weeks,” Sherlock points out. “And you’d better forget everything Jim told you about me. You’d also better decide now whether or not to quit in solidarity, since you’ve been clearly thinking about it, as it would be incredibly boring to have to do all the work we’re doing now again. And, you should mention to John that you’re allergic to strawberries, he won’t buy strawberry cake next time if he knows.”
Sherlock passes out after the first two stitches, which is just as well, because it makes it a lot easier for the doctor to stitch up and re-bandage Sherlock’s wound.
John laughs against Sherlock’s lips, and Sherlock can feel the vibrations of John’s laugh in his own body. It’s incredibly arousing, and Sherlock kisses John back with renewed vigour, letting his hands roam all over John’s body.
“The content got lost among the fuckings,” John says, sitting up and rubbing his eyes. Every muscle in his body hurts. “Oh god, I need to stop sleeping here.”
“Anything?” John asks, keeping his voice low the way people sometimes do at night when everything is silent and they don’t want to disturb any ghosts.
“One can only speculate, but possibly the idea occurred to them that there are plenty of people like Kitty and Violet, who'd pay a substantial amount of money to get away from a war-torn country, or an abusive employer, or the police.”
Perversely, of course, that means Sherlock absolutely will. “It’s no trouble. I actually wanted to leave myself. Need to finish an experiment.”
He wets his lips, preparing to speak, but whatever he wanted to say gets lost as his train of thought is derailed by Sherlock’s eyes dropping to his lips, just for a second. For a moment he thinks that Sherlock will kiss him again, that he is thinking about it, and he wonders what it will feel like, this time.
Sherlock tries to refocus on John’s question, and looks at the intricate drawings and calculations littering the table. “Gingerbread house. This week’s showstopper?”
“You mean…” John whistles quietly as an idea occurs to him. “So you’re saying we stepped through a fairy ring into the Otherworld?”
Please, John, let us pretend that we’re adult men and refrain from using meaningless punctuation marks to poorly mimic human emotion. -SH
Lestrade introduces Sherlock to the rest of the cast, which consists of only three other actors, Irene, Adriana, who plays Sherlock’s character’s wife, and Sebastian Moran, who’s playing Irene’s husband. While Sherlock greets the other actors John has a few seconds to note that he’s a little broader in the shoulders and has filled in a little in the face. He’s no longer all angles and bones, but he hasn’t lost his efficient leanness and the way he moves in his well-tailored suits, all dynamic grace.
“I was going to ask you that, John Watson,” Lya says sharply. “Why were you entering the Faedorn once again?”
“Yes, yes, fine, you won,” Sherlock says, trying to sound bad-tempered about it, but John’s obvious joy and the promise in his grin are tugging at his lips for an answer, and he knows he’s smiling when John goes to get congratulatory hugs and high-fives from the crew and their “judges”.
Molly blushes a little bit and looks down, picking at her cuticles, a sign that she’s as deeply uncomfortable as he is. “Nothing, really. I said something to him, rather.”
“Attaching emotional value to food is the reason we’re all overfed,” Sherlock points out, waving his greasy, deeply unhealthy but delicious pizza around as illustration. “The food industry has found ways to ensure our food is filled with salt and sugar, the very chemicals that tickle our brain’s pleasure centres and trick us into feeling good when we eat. Therefore, we eat more to feel good more.”
“Hospital tea is terrible. Why is it that hospital tea is this terrible? Aren’t hospitals supposed to make people better? How is anybody supposed to get better if the tea is this-” John cuts himself off mid-ramble and puts down the cup Sherlock put in his hands a few minutes ago.
“Guess he’s different on telly too. The way he romanticises our childhood. He ever tell you why we spent so much time hanging around gran’s? Not because I wanted to wash dishes and fry Krapfen after school. We didn’t want to go home, that’s why we hid out at gran’s so much.” Harry gestures with her cigarette as she talks, and Sherlock moves a bit back so she won’t accidentally burn him. “Our dad was a drunk. Bet he never told you that.” There’s something vaguely triumphant about her.
She nods, satisfied that he means it, and opens the door. Sherlock all but falls into the room, but catches himself quickly and looks critically at John. “Anything broken?”
That moustache is such an affront to the human eye that I wanted to pluck out every single one of your facial hairs. I’m glad you shaved it, otherwise I would have had to sedate you and actually go through with it, which would have been extremely tedious. - SH
There’s a room in Sherlock’s mind palace he never enters. He can’t quite bring himself to delete it. He sometimes walks the perimeter, gazes through the windows. He knows the room is small, dingly, dimly lit. It smells of urine and sweat and human misery. He remembers hollowed-out cheeks and dark brown eyes and angry, infected track marks. He remembers how hard it was to leave, how difficult it was to realise that if he wanted to live, he had to get out, even if he had to leave behind everything he cared about.
“That would be a tremendous waste,” Sherlock says and pulls John’s pyjama pants down to get down to business.
They step into a clearing that’s so abrupt and perfectly round as though someone had cut off the forest with a sharp-edged knife. Suddenly, abruptly, the humming stops.
, and all at once, Sherlock realises that John is right. No matter what happens, this is already worth the risk.
He turns a smile on Sebastian that sends a chill through him down to his toes. “Mr. Moran, I was very surprised to learn of your capture.” His voice is as cool and precise as the rest of him, and he speaks with a quiet authority that tells Sebastian to be very afraid. He takes out a manila folder and flips it open on his lap. “Desertion in time of war, and that from a seasoned officer like you… I don’t think I have to explain the punishment to you. And however distinguished your service record, the fact of your capture would in and of itself not be enough to warrant my interest.”
he gathers his strength, and takes a deep breath. The darkness actually makes it easier. “I’m not sure I want to go back,” John says, rapidly, just to get it out as quickly as possible.
Mike’s obviously too drunk to understand John’s words, but as he slowly wakes up, he sees Mary’s prone form on the ground behind John, and he turns an alarming shade of green. “Oh god,” he mutters and stumbles out into the courtyard to be violently ill.
“Come off it, Anderson,” John says, and from his tone it’s not the first time Anderson has annoyed him tonight. “Maybe he’s just tired. I talked to him, he’s nice enough.”
John snorts a laugh and hands Sherlock a plate with a variety of slices. Sherlock takes the plate into the dining room, where the others have gathered around the table. Janine is passing a bottle of red wine around and most of the others fill their wine glasses at least half full.
Then John’s hands settle on his waist, and John pulls him in and kisses him back, open-mouthed and dirty, and Sherlock’s knees turn to jelly. He runs greedy hands over John’s body, and John does the same with him, fingers tracing the curve of his spine, his hip bones, winding into his hair.
He turns to his back, looking up at the high-beamed rafters of their attic bedroom. For a moment, they’re both quiet. Then John asks, “Caring isn't an advantage? Who told you that?”
John sounds horrible. He sounds like he's in pain, actual physical pain. Sherlock is out of his chair and in his coat and shoes in two minutes flat. "I'll be there in 20 minutes."
Sherlock showers and opens his laptop. Keeping up with his social media channels is more difficult these days, his subscribers and interactions have quadrupled, and are still rising. He gets comments and likes and questions, and he tries to answer as many reasonable ones as he can. He also posts some deliberately vague pictures from today’s filming, a very good close-up of the chocolate sauce he made, a whisk with a whipped cream peak hanging from it.
Three hours later he, Sherlock, Lestrade, Donovan and Molly are in Molly’s morgue, the dead body that used to be Grimey Joe on the slab. They found him in the exact spot Sherlock said they would, basing his deductions on the exact sort of river mud on his shoes.
John also takes one of their fire irons. It might not be much of a weapon, but he’s a skinny twelve-year-old, so he still feels better with its weight in his hand.
Sherlock’s legs won’t cooperate accurately. He’s trying to walk straight ahead, but something has happened to his sense of balance, coordination and his spatial perception. His legs feel vaguely gelatinous and his vision is slightly blurry.
“I was just thinking that adrenaline makes you hungry,” Sherlock says, grateful for the opportunity to start talking again, about anything other than what’s on his mind, which is,
want?” John finally asks, after what might have been minutes or hours of silence, Sherlock honestly isn’t sure.
John’s body tenses under Sherlock’s fingers, but he says nothing, so Sherlock continues, “The second time around, in fact. First time -” He hesitates briefly, deciding how to put this. “- didn’t stick. The second time I joined a small therapy group in an old mansion; it was a sort of get clean camp situation. Our therapist strongly believed in teaching us to be self-sufficient and getting us to work with our hands to keep us clean. Many of us had issues with our appetites after detoxing, so she taught us how to cook. And bake. I’d always had trouble with boredom, I needed to keep busy at all times so my brain wouldn’t eat itself, and I started making scones. My first batch was horrible, even though I followed the recipe to the letter. So I made another batch. And another. And another. Until they were perfect. Then I started experimenting, and before I knew it, I was baking for the entire house. I was good at it. It kept me busy. It occupied my hands, grounded me in my body.”
. It always surprises him, the fierceness of his want, and every night, he bites down on it, tells himself
John dips a spoon into the nearly black jam, and spreads a bit on his scone. He takes a bite and chews thoughtfully. “Blueberries, obviously. Something else, I can’t quite put my finger on it.”
“You should have your own YouTube channel. “Baking unpronounceable Austrian oddities with a side of soppy gran stories”.”
“First of all, being afraid of being bombed seems reasonable to me, not cowardly,” Sherlock says, still in that neutral, academic tone, which does a lot to ease John’s embarrassment at having brought up the subject at all. “And secondly, why would you care what I think?”
John looks extremely sceptical, but he takes a few steps closer and puts an arm around Harry’s shoulder. “I thought you’d quit,” he admonishes, but there’s no heat in his voice.
John yawns and moves from an armchair to the sofa. At least this is a sitting sort of play. He remembers the time they did Midsummer Night’s Dream and he was standing in for Puck and spent an hour perched on a ledge halfway up the upstage wall. Or the summer production where they were doing lights at four am in an outdoor venue and he was sitting on an uncomfortable bench, freezing his balls off under two blankets. Or the time he fell asleep while the lighting designer and the director tried out different ways to light the bed they had on stage.
But when John reaches him, he doesn’t hesitate; he takes the cigarette Sherlock was just about to guide to his mouth out of his hand, throws it away, then fists his hands into Sherlock’s coat and pulls him in for a kiss, hard and demanding, and Sherlock doesn’t know what’s going on, but he definitely likes it.
Sherlock arrives at another mansion turned hotel with a giant park, in rural Berkshire. The drive up from London was uneventful, and it’s so early that it’s barely light.
Sherlock huffs in surprise, but kisses him back gladly and enthusiastically, and John feels nothing but grateful wonder that Sherlock not only tolerates his little exhibition, but that Sherlock wants him to kiss him, wants him to make it clear that Sherlock is John’s and nobody else's, and that he likes it that way. He ignores both the embarrassed mutters and the encouraging hoots around them and concentrates on kissing Sherlock, fisting his hands in his suit jacket, leaving no doubt in anyone’s mind who Sherlock goes home to.
When they finally turn off the road, they behold their new home for the foreseeable future. Musgrave Manor is a large, ancient-looking mansion near the sea, with grounds that still hint at their former glory as a landscaped park, but which time has turned from formal elegance to enchanted forest.
Sherlock reaches into his coat pocket and produces a copper. “For your trouble, Mr. Wiggins,” he says, tossing the coin at Billy, who catches it and grins.
Only of course the opposite happened, and he feels only now how much he’s really missed John, how much he’s still missing him, like pressing on a splinter reminds you it’s still there, under his skin, festering away.
“So, Molly,” Mrs Turner asks, watching as Molly carefully slides her savoury pie into the oven, “what do you think is the most important quality a good baker should possess?”
“My landlord used to run this cafe. It closed a few months ago. He’s letting me use his kitchen,” Sherlock says, pointing at the door behind him, motioning for John to follow.
The door closes with a very audible click, and Sherlock has no time to process anything because John is backing him against the door and kissing him like it’s going out of fashion.
"Don't mention it," Sherlock answers, and John closes the door and Sherlock drives off towards home, and the strange feeling of peace that he normally only ever gets when he weighs ingredients or whisks egg whites or watches batter rise slowly dissipates with the faint smell of cinnamon, sugar and John's aftershave.
Sherlock points at the box. “No, no, you go ahead and play gentleman, I’ll just drop the cake and ruin Molly’s wedding.”
There’s Jim Moriarty, straddling John, strapped in Semtex, grinning wide and holding a very big, very sharp knife. “Hello there,” he says, grinning widely and madly at Sherlock. “You really shouldn’t have come back.”
. Three weeks at Musgrave mansion, you only got one single letter. Not a correspondence between a caring parent and a child away on his own for the first time. New man, is it? Disapproving son, still hung up on his dead father's memory, tension, she wants to move on, you won't let her,” Sherlock narrows his eyes at John, rattling off deductions at lightning speed, all his attention zeroed in on John, and for the first time, John doesn't feel it as a tingling, rushing-falling-jumping, but as a punch in the gut. “Nobody's waiting for you, so you'd rather stay here, in this small, insular, tiny little boring place where you've finally found a life you could never have at home. So it's easy for you to be all noble and not bargain with the killer, because nobody
He looks at Sherlock. He’s pale and looks almost small, wrapped in the blanket off his bed to ward off the cold. John’s pretty sure he hasn’t eaten all day and he also doesn’t know when Sherlock last got a good night’s sleep, since he fell asleep last night to Sherlock sitting in that same spot and found him there this morning.
John finally tears himself from the contemplation of his watch. “You want some tea, Billy? Sherlock?”
Sherlock curses loudly, glad he’s alone in the attic he’s chosen to keep an eye on two mid-level thugs who might have information on some of Moriarty’s higher-ranking thugs.
your bloody job to take that bullet in the first place. Not for her. And sure as fucking hell not for me. For nobody. I don’t want you to throw your life away for me. Not ever again. All right?”
When he opens his eyes, Sherlock is standing in the doorway of the kitchen, watching him with a small frown line between his brows. John’s hands twitch with the urge to reach out and smooth that frown line away, like he always used to do. “Morning,” he says, glad that he has an excuse for his voice sounding slightly rough. It’s early, after all.
It’s quiet in the wings, and warm, and dark. Mike’s calling sound cues, and Molly and John are preparing for the scene change, but they’re consummate professionals and barely make a sound. Their black clothing and soft-soled sneakers make them seem like moving shadows, benevolent theatre elves.
Sherlock accedes and rings off, feeling oddly relieved. Maybe John is right. Maybe he doesn’t have to do this alone.
Sherlock sighs. That’s actually the last thing he ever wants to tell John Watson. And if he’s entirely honest with himself, he wants to see John, he’s ravenous for it, aches for it.
Sherlock rolls his eyes reflexively, hoping it hides the tremor that goes through him at the tone of John’s voice, low and serious. He isn’t nervous, why should he be? They survived; surely whatever follows now can’t be worse than what they just went through, but somehow getting almost blown up and shot isn’t nearly as frightening as knowing this night might have ruined whatever it is that’s between them. It didn’t feel like it at the pool; if anything he felt more in tune with John, closer to him than ever before, but that was then and this is now.
He spent his days in Mycroft’s basement, going over everything they had on Moriarty’s network, identifying weaknesses, preparing to destroy the spider’s web once and for all to reclaim his life for good.
John laughs. “I think Sherlock would be horribly disappointed in me if I did,” he says, grinning at Sherlock.
Sherlock swallows against an unnameable emotion clogging up his throat. “I want ...” he mutters into John’s hair. “I want you to ride me. And I want you to kiss me while you do it.”
Sherlock trails off mid-sentence, and John prompts him quietly, “Keep talking. You were saying, about the man with the moustache?”
Just before they round the corner to Baker Street, John grabs Sherlock’s wrist and pulls him around to face John. “Hungry?” he asks, smiling that cracked, mad, brilliant smile Sherlock remembers from their very first night together. The question, echoing Sherlock’s that night, when they were walking away from a crime scene, makes Sherlock remember the rush he felt when he realized that John had killed for him, that John was capable of killing a man at this distance this precisely and then standing around the crime scene as if he’d just incidentally stumbled on it. The moment when he realized just how extraordinary John is.
John’s never sure how they make it back to Temera. He half carries Sherlock most of the way, and Sherlock throws up at least three more time, the last time dry-heaving over the side of the road with John rubbing his back, trying to soothe him. By the time they make it to the city gates, Sherlock is shaking like a leaf and so pale he’s practically glowing, and John can barely walk another step.
Everybody laughs and John tries not to remember the many times Sherlock dragged him into a broom closet or the look and the thrilling sight of his fingerprints on Sherlock’s back.
Mary's loaves are tough and nearly inedible, so she goes home. She seems vaguely relieved, and after filming they all hang around the tent, waiting for their reaction interviews. Except Moriarty, who exits the tent with a huff and loudly insists that his reaction interview be filmed first so he can leave.
“Right,” John answers, sounding entirely distracted. His eyes roam over the size of the house, the Porsche in the driveway, the fairy lights gleaming from every window.
Measure out the flour. Pinch of salt. Sugar, just a bit. Cut the butter into the flour, careful not to overwork.
But the part of him that was never good at saying no to just one more hit is stronger, so he gets up and drops to his knees before John’s chair, and kisses him, at the same time as he’s fiddling with the belt of John’s jeans. “One more day won’t make a difference,” Sherlock mutters against John’s lips. “And I’ve got plenty more underwear for you to borrow.”
Rest the dough in the refrigerator. Slice pears, some peaches, butter into the pan, add the fruit. Cinnamon stick. Muscovado sugar to get a nice caramel.
Separate the eggs, then cream the butter, the sugar and the egg yolks. Mix the poppy seeds with the citronat, add the juice and zest of one lemon, and then carefully fold into the butter-sugar-yolk mix. Then beat the egg whites until stiff and carefully fold in.
“My sister is an alcoholic,” John says, quietly, into the darkness. Sherlock can feel his voice rumble in his chest that is pressed against Sherlock’s side, feels the breath ghost over his skin. “Has been since… I don’t even know. A long time. She’s been dry and not and dry and not so many times. In and out of rehab so many times.”
There’s something uncertain in Sherlock’s voice that makes John’s heart hurt a little. Like Sherlock is utterly unused to having this word applied to himself.
Sherlock goes from asleep to alert in 0.3 seconds and is out of the bed and up the stairs in less than two.
John listens intently. Then he hears it. It’s like… singing, but not. It’s more sensation than sound, making the hair on his entire body stand up.
He’s sipping on a cup of tea, checking his emails and waiting for the others to come in, enjoying the moment of quiet so rare in theatre. The stage is in disarray, and the auditorium isn’t much better, half the seats have headlights and spots and other lighting equipment on them, but he knows that by Friday, all this chaos will have resolved itself, and when the audience comes in next Saturday, everything will be perfect. At least as far as the audience can see.
Apparently, the Bake Off final is filmed in front of a small studio audience, consisting of a few randomly selected fans, all the eliminated contestants and one person the three finalists can bring along, if they want to. Sherlock’s ticket arrived yesterday, and he doesn’t know what to do with it.
Sherlock looks where he’s pointing, and he can see the faint pencil marks on the white post. He never paid much attention to them, but now he can imagine what this kitchen must have been like when Speedy’s was still busy, and when Mr Chatterjee’s family still lived upstairs. He can picture Nyra sitting at the table doing her homework, and Prisha helping Mr Chatterjee bake, just like John used to help his grandmother.
Sherlock grimaces. The other two flats in the building have been empty for a while now. Mr Chatterjee keeps the ground floor flat for his daughter Nyra, who’s doing an Erasmus year in Rotterdam, and 221c has a mould problem.
Silence descends. Sherlock watches him. John watches back. The only light in the stairwell comes from the open sitting room door.
“I don’t think staying here is an option,” Sherlock says. “And there is this,” he adds and pulls the lodestone out of his pocket. “It led us to the Gate on our side, might as well do the same thing here.”
"But that means I won't get my 'you managed not to strangle my parents' reward," John points out drowsily.
It’s odd, he’s never thought about what he truly wanted from life. It was so obvious. School, if he’s lucky sixth form, then the Army. The life his father led, his grandfather and his great-grandfather before him. The Army is a good career for a boy of his class. A steady income, a larger purpose. Not some meaningless, boring, bland office job. And Uni was at best a luxury he can’t afford and at worst a waste of time since he doesn’t have the connections to make a career for himself afterwards. The only thing the War changed about his personal outlook is that he stopped thinking about the future completely, because if he did, all he’d see was fire and blood.
“She’s very good, but she’s got a lot to learn, obviously. But she’s the most promising DSM I’ve had so far. She managed to prevent Mary from killing our director today, her pregnancy rage is worse than her bride rage was.”
Anderson looks for a moment like he wants to respond, but John lifts an eyebrow and Anderson shuts his mouth, picks up his plate and walks away.
Molly smiles at him compassionately. “You need to figure that one out on your own, I’m afraid.” She lays a hand on his arm. “I just wanted to make sure you know it’s all right to ask yourself that question.”
John rolls his eyes and reaches for the hand mixer again. “So. Eggs into the butter-sugar-mix. Add one at a time, or all of them at the same time, I think it doesn’t make that much of a difference. And by the way, if you have a really large tin, add more flour and an additional egg, because you don’t want the cake to be too flat.”
“I did.” John looks at him steadily and there’s a world of subtext in these two words that Sherlock doesn’t need translated.
Moriarty is sitting in a corner, sulking. He’s obviously either texting or writing an angry email, if the way his fingers are stabbing at his phone is anything to go by. Occasionally, he gives Sherlock a withering glance
“Usually, generators have limited capacity. They operate the phones and the fire safety systems,” Sherlock explains.
John is bandaging his leg with shaking hands, trying valiantly not to pass out, spitting colourful curses.
Sherlock swallows around the lump in his throat, because he isn’t sure what he’s being thanked for. “You’re welcome.”
Sherlock frowns at John’s workstation, in lieu of the actual man. Whatever else John Watson may be, he’s also a very competent baker.
Sherlock and John exchange a glance, and from Sherlock's frown, John knows Sherlock is thinking the same thing. What Gate.
Sherlock flips the kettle on and watches John knead the scone dough. “You never measure,” he points out, and it comes out vaguely accusing.
John finishes his pasty and then cocks his head to the side, considering. “I couldn’t really taste the apple. Maybe more? And it was a bit dry. Adding more apples should take care of that as well.”
“Your sandwiches were amazing,” Sherlock points out. “Your cheese toasties were the best in London.” It’s difficult to keep the nostalgia out of his voice, and he knows as Mr Chatterjee watches him that they’re both thinking of the many times Sherlock came into Speedy’s, as a lanky university student, a strung-out junkie, a recovering addict trying to hide his shakes, and how Mr Chatterjee never asked for Sherlock’s order, just made him a toastie and very rarely let him pay.
John takes a step closer. “That’s a very generous offer.” He takes another step closer. “Just so we’re absolutely clear here, what does this,” he gestures at the kitchen, “have to do with this?” he gestures between them.
Mycroft is following Sherlock’s gaze towards John and smiles at Sherlock knowingly. “And I suppose that was uppermost on your mind when you took the part.”
Lestrade nods thoughtfully, and Sherlock spares a moment to be grateful Lestrade is directing, because he knows Sherlock hates politely tiptoeing and always comes right to the point. “We won’t throw away five weeks of work because you don’t like the direction we’ve taken the character in, but we can certainly adjust and come up with a version we’re both comfortable with.”
Their escort none too gently prods them towards the largest of the tree houses surrounding the clearing. They climb a rope ladder up and find themselves in a circular room with walls made of branches and a floor covered in furs and thick wool carpets.
“You know, when I went to drama school, I thought about BAFTA galas and playing Juliet at National, and nobody told me that most of the real work happens in under heated, dingy rehearsal rooms and dressing rooms the size of shoeboxes you share with three other women.” Adriana grins. “Wouldn’t have it any other way, though.” She looks at him speculatively. “What are the dressing rooms like on Broadway?”
Then their oven timers go off, and they all abandon half-eaten sandwiches to ensure that their bakes remain edible.
They’re both exhausted. After two years of travelling and scheming and killing and being wounded and sick and cold and on the run, they’re wearing thin, both of them.
It takes no time at all for Sherlock’s legs to tremble and his balls to draw up, and he tugs at John’s head, but John stays right where he is, cocking an eyebrow as if to say,
Rehearsals are going well, aside from interpersonal shit he doesn’t have time for. Sherlock has been quiet and is keeping to himself, and after that oddly intimate evening talk, they’ve gone back to strictly business, and John quite frankly can’t handle anything else right now.
“I’ve made so many mistakes, I don’t even know where to start. Did you know I almost cheated on Mary?”
“Not much of a challenge for you, is it?” John asks, and Sherlock shrugs, since it was obviously a rhetorical question.
Lestrade snorts and puts up his hands. “I give up. Do as you like, you always do. Just don’t say I didn’t warn you when one of his girlfriends finally sticks.”
Sherlock’s quiet. He’s been quiet for days. At first, he was all manic energy, roaming the city streets and spending hours with John at the local library, devouring every book about travelling between worlds they could find. It’s not like they’ve learned nothing. There are several known Gates. Most of them aren’t what you would call easily accessible. All of the gates on the British Isles have been closed down or destroyed. And even if they hadn’t been, nobody they’ve talked to and no book they’ve read has told them how to open a gate. And the Fey’a won’t help, because they don’t want more humans to come here.
“Mind your own business,” Sherlock snaps, not taking his eyes off John’s retreating form. “Not much,” he adds grudgingly.
“Obviously.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I didn’t walk here in the middle of the night because I think they’re fine.”
Suddenly, Sherlock misses him intensely, the warmth of him, the security of him, the fact that he doesn’t spin, doesn’t look like he knows how, like he’s the axis of the world, the only fixed point in the universe.
Sherlock looks down into the glass of whisky, sloshing the amber liquid around. The bottom of the glass is thick and heavy, there’s a drop of air trapped in the glass, an obvious design effect, not a fault. Odd, how flaws can sometimes make something more beautiful.
Sherlock swallows, and slowly, slowly, he can feel his face stretch into a grin. "Janine. I love you."
“Even if that were true,” Sherlock answers, gun trained unwaveringly on the killer. “I highly doubt we’d live long enough to enjoy a happy homecoming. Step this way, please.”
As soon as they get to the theatre, it’s almost like nothing whatsoever happened, because John gets pulled into an emergency meeting right away, and Sherlock gets cornered by Kitty, the theatre’s PR and marketing department, who’s lined up a few interviews for Sherlock. He’s by far the biggest star who’s graced Baker Street Theatre in years, and there’s lots of press in who are there almost exclusively to see Sherlock. It’s good for the theatre, and they want to make the most of it, but Sherlock has never cared about anything less.
“Like what?” John asks, looking at the spot as well. He sees nothing, but he doesn't ask if Sherlock is sure something was dug up, because of course Sherlock is, and that means he's probably right.
He’s tried really hard in the last 24 hours not to think of Sherlock, and he’s having a difficult time thinking of anything else. And every time he thinks of last night, the entire shit-show of Sherlock showing up as a waiter and the subsequent deterioration of the evening, John has to fight the urge to laugh hysterically at the same time as he feels like curling up into a ball and crying his eyes out.
Sherlock spares a brief thought for the pastries in the oven and his as of yet still unposted YouTube video. After he made them chocolate chip scones for breakfast that turned out to be closer to lunch, he contacted the BBC about the sponsoring, and watched John make pasties with an easy competence that is sexier than anything else about him. John as a baker is amazing. He’s messy, and sloppy, and he uses Sherlock’s precision scale with ironic amusement, but his every movement speaks of a comfortable joy that Sherlock has rarely seen before. He was glad when the pasties were in the oven so he could freely molest John.
Between re-setting the rehearsal room twice for the runs and actually sitting in on rehearsal, John hasn’t had a second to himself all day, and he’s enjoying five minutes of quiet in the green room while Sherlock is in the wardrobe department for his fitting with Sally, when Mary comes in and settles down next to him on the sofa.
John sits up, straddling his hips, arse shifting against Sherlock’s erection which is pressing almost painfully against his trousers. Sherlock tries to pull him down again, but John traps his hands and grins. “Just a second. Get naked, I’ll be right back.”
“We need to know who she is,” Sherlock says and holds out a few coppers for Billy to see. “Ten coppers for the first person to bring me her name and address.”
Next morning, when John gets to the theatre, Sherlock is already there, and there’s a cup of takeaway coffee and two scones from Speedy’s waiting on his desk.
They crawl back into bed, and Sherlock rolls on top of John, looking at him intently. “Stay for breakfast,” he says against John’s lips.
“Something stupid,” Sherlock answers with a grin. He opens Moriarty’s fridge, and the light that spills out illuminates John’s face. There’s something in his face that Sherlock recognises, adrenaline and excitement pushing down other, more complicated emotions.
“Mary was a life raft. She kept him from drowning, and I’m grateful for that. But that’s not a very good reason to marry someone, and I’m pretty sure that boy is going to be back at your doorstep sooner rather than later. What are you going to do when he comes back?”
Also, I admit that I had a difficult time finding out exactly how and when theatres were/are closed down in the UK, so I extrapolated from what it's like where I live. Sorry if this is not factually accurate, I can only hope it's emotionally accurate.
Sherlock shivers, and John leans forward. “Just a little while longer,” he whispers into Sherlock’s ear, and Sherlock wants to collapse into the warmth of John’s voice.
“We’ll see about that,” Moriarty says, glaring at Sherlock menacingly. He turns and walks away without another word.
They make their way into the inside of the circle, and as soon as they’ve both stepped inside, everything goes completely still. John hears nothing. No wind. No rustling. Not even the sea. It’s as if  the stones have created a cone of silence.
Sherlock stops, turns to him, and then they’re both laughing, half because it’s hilarious, and half because John’s chest contains too much joy to keep it in, so it releases into gales of slightly hysterical laughter.
She fidgets a little with her hair and tries to smile, but she looks insecure about it. “Yesterday, when you helped me take care of Sherlock, I noticed something. You’re good at this. You didn’t flinch or look faint, even though there was blood and pain and vomit. You’ve got a pair of steady hands and a good head on your shoulders. So I wanted to make you an offer.”
Now, he yearns for Baker Street with a single-minded eagerness he hasn’t felt since he was a small child, before Christmas mornings lost their magic.
“I’d like to start setting up, if you don’t mind,” Sherlock says, giving her a friendly smile that’s one hundred percent fake.
“Of course it makes a difference,” John says, wearily rubbing a hand over his face. “Intent always makes a difference.”
John can’t help but stare. So this petite, quite ordinary-looking Fey’a woman is the famed Midnight Queen, the Fey’a ruler.
“Winning or losing what?” he asks, and it’s unfair, how John can just step into his head like that, with his fluffy jumper and his very blue eyes and center all of Sherlock’s thoughts on him.
They all nod, and with a kindly smile, Mr. Musgrove sends them off to the dining hall, a large, elegant room with a crystal chandelier that looks decidedly odd paired with several plain wooden tables and chairs that serve as the boys’ dining and school tables.
The door chime of the pharmacy rings, and Listra leaves with a ruffle through Sherlock’s hair and an admonition to leave her mice alone. John is about to tease him about the mice some more when Molly calls from the next room.  “Sherlock!”
John wakes up with a crick in his neck. It’s not the first time he slept in the green room, and it won’t be the last, but he never likes it. He always feels vaguely hungover and disgusting.
“Sit back down,” Sherlock snaps. “If he has anything to say to me you’re not supposed to hear, he’s welcome to come back when he’s actually invited.”
Sherlock pulls John in and kisses him, hard, his heart contracting painfully in his chest with happiness, because he never thought he’d have this, and now he knows he’ll never be without it.
Five to fifteen seconds. An adult male will bleed out in five to fifteen seconds if the carotid artery is severed. John has witnessed firsthand how long five to fifteen seconds can be if you have to watch somebody bleed out under your hands and you know you can do nothing, nothing…
John laughs, and it startles a smile out of Sherlock. He looks down at the racket, then turns it around and offers it to John. “Want to try?”
“How long?” John asks, and curses himself for an idiot for not seeing the signs sooner. Sherlock is restless, pale, with a crackling, manic energy about him that’s never a good sign. John had put it down to understimulation - they haven’t had many cases since they came back from Devonshire - but he realises now that it’s sleep-deprivation.
On the next production he was in charge of  props, lighting and sound design. The production after that, he was  property master and had a minor part and hated every second he was on stage, missing the quiet and the darkness of the wings, the scurrying activity behind the scenes.
The most important thing about Punschkrapfen: NEVER, EVER use the store-bought icing, it’s DISGUSTING. Also, disclaimer: The only time I tried to make Punschkrapfen, it was a disaster, so they’re not as easy as they look. Though, to be fair, I just went with my gut, instead of, you know, following an actual recipe, and that was a BIG mistake. I can improvise while cooking, but never while baking.
Sherlock looks around the room. “Janine’s used too much food colouring, Mary overmixed her batter. Neither of them have yet sieved their jam, but they might still do that. Neela’s sponges won’t rise, they will be dry and she’ll have trouble getting them all into the same shape”
John finally draws back. “You idiot, you absolute berk, never do this to me again, you’re never leaving me behind again, you hear me, never ever, is that clear? Where you go I go, is that clear?”
Sherlock jumps and looks around. A man is standing there, a mug in one hand, leaning on a NHS issued cane with the other. He looks mildly curious, and somewhat amused. He’s dressed in loose jeans and a plaid button-down, and his blond hair is short and military neat. He’s also obviously not one of the crew, so Sherlock guesses he’s met his first competitor. Not that he thinks of any of these amateurs as serious competition.
“Thank god it’s not the blackberry, that stains like crazy. There’s a cushion on the sofa that’s still stained even though I washed it three times.”
John snorts. “I don’t have time for any feelings, Greg. There’s too much to do. Speaking of, there’s a room full of actors waiting for us.”
“Do you think we’ll get to fight, if we return? Do you think by the time we’re eighteen, the war will still go on?” John asks after a while.
“There were snipers, three of them. They would have killed you,” Sherlock says when what he really means is
John has no idea what that means but he’s too tired to find out. So he settles in his seat and watches Sherlock Holmes remove rabbit entrails until he falls asleep.
The memory brings with it a flash of sensory associations. The smell of old sweat. Daylight filtering in through lacy curtains and a window streaked with dirt. A well-known voice, slurring hateful words.
“I don’t know, dear, and I can’t say that anyone’s ever told me anything of the sort, and my family was from that village originally,” she begins. “But then again, the only one who ever told stories in my family about that time was my great-grandmother, and she was just a wee child when they came through.” She smiles wistfully. “I still have a picture of her with her father. Do you want to see it?”
A noise comes from the bedroom, and then a bleary-eyed, but thankfully not entirely naked, John Watson stumbles into his kitchen, barely awake. “Do I smell coffee?” he asks, yawning and stretching. He freezes when he sees Mycroft sitting at the kitchen table, staring at him as if he’s an otherworldly apparition instead of a very normal-looking half-naked man.
“You both see past the surface,” Mr. Musgrove answers. “You both have the remarkable gift of seeing things the way they truly are, despite outward appearances.”
“None of that counts, you know,” he says, wearing that curiously patient expression he reserves for moments when he thinks Sherlock is being dense.
It’s dark in the wings, especially with the curtain still down, and warm, and the air smells of sawdust.
“Odd how?” John tries for casual and is pretty sure he fails, especially since he’s also pretty sure he’s blushing.
John shrugs. “You’d have to taste it. I can’t explain it rationally either. It’s more moist that way, and the ratio of cake and chocolate icing is better.”
Then he starts setting up his equipment. He’s brought a set of everything, measuring cups and spoons, spatulas, ladles, whisks of various sizes. Anything without a visible brand name. He’s stretched this rule somewhat by taping over a part of his precision scale, but the BBC put their foot down on him bringing his own baking trays, and Sherlock grudgingly acquiesced, because it won’t materially affect the quality of his bake. He did insist on bringing his own blowtorch, however, and the BBC agreed provided he always tells the camera crew when he’s going to use it.
Sherlock rarely misses the drugs. He can recreate the buzz cocaine gave him with cases and adrenaline.
You can serve it warm with custard, or cold with icing sugar on top. This is one of THE Viennese classics, together with apple strudel, and you can get this anywhere, pretty much. With varying degrees of raisins ;-)
Mycroft smiles, and this time it seems genuine. “No,” he says gently. “I was just trying to get you to realise that you already have.”
Five weeks. At the most. If John gets to the finale - which he should - they’ll have five weeks left. And then John will be out of Sherlock’s life again. So best not to get used to him, to his presence, the way he shapes himself around Sherlock, the way he seems to fill all the hollowed-out places in Sherlock’s life.
John huffs a laugh against Sherlock’s shirt. “You know I don’t really hate you, right?” he mutters, already half-asleep.
Sherlock can’t sleep. He’s only had half a glass of wine, but he feels it sloshing around in his stomach, in his head, his veins. The bed is deeply uncomfortable and he’s thirsty from the alcohol and the over-spiced pizza.
The killer opens the door, takes two steps out into the back yard, and John strikes with all his - very limited - strength. He was aiming for the head, but the killer turns at the last moment, so John’s blow lands square on the shoulder of his gun hand. The fire iron is heavy and has a nasty hook, and John can feel the impact reverberate back into his own shoulder.
“So you’re working yourself to exhaustion to, what, save Mrs Hudson money?” Sherlock asks, his tone suggesting that he thinks John is an idiot.
“We were on the other side of the tent.” Sherlock rolls his eyes and tries not to smile as he remembers how John giggled at the sight of Moriarty stomping towards the catering tent, egg all over his pants and shoes. “He’s overdramatic.”
“Well,” Lestrade says, and John shakes himself out of it, noticing how the entire room has gone quiet. “Cast, go home.”
He goes into the bathroom and dry-heaves over the washbasin for a few moments, exhaustion, guilt and shame making him shake all over. His leg is heavy tonight, and he has to lean against the wall halfway back to Harry’s bedside.
They get out of the car, and Sherlock takes a moment to help John straighten his suit, and drags his fingers through John’s hair to make him more presentable. John’s eyes darken with promise as Sherlock runs his fingers through John’s hair, and John pulls him in for a kiss, deep and dirty and hungry.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to that, so he leans down and kisses John, soft and sweet, and after a moment’s hesitation, John kisses back.
John hasn’t mentioned Baker Street once. Or London. Or any of their friends and family. John takes all of this in stride, their nomadic existence, the total lack of privacy, the fact that all their worldly possessions fit into a small duffle bag that gets fully exchanged for an entirely new set of clothing, phones, laptops, names, identities once every few weeks.
John moves gently, slowly, and Sherlock can feel John’s body adjust around his cock, and it’s so good he nearly comes right away. He runs his hands over John’s thighs, his chest. John traps his roaming hands and just breathes for a moment, adjusting to having Sherlock inside of him. Sherlock holds completely still, fingers interlaced with John’s, and waits, even though he wants nothing more than to thrust up onto the tight heat of John’s body.
John left it here, and Sherlock feels like an absolute arsehole, because it’s entirely clear to him that John was so sure he’d be back here that he saw no reason to take the book along.
Sherlock turns around and they’re standing in 221B again, no Moriarty this time. “But I still don’t have an answer. I’ve gone through so many variables, and I still don’t know how it’s going to end. I’ve altered nearly everything I could think of,  and the outcome is never perfect, it’s never like it was before.”
John is tired and still a bit nauseous from their extremely bumpy flight from Marrakech, and all he wants is a cup of tea and a good night’s sleep.
The oven dings and John gets up to get the scones out. They’re fluffy and gorgeous, and John plates up two and fetches the butter from the fridge.
It’s 7:02 pm and Sherlock is standing on the pavement in front of his house and is smoking his second cigarette in a row. He isn’t nervous, because it would be stupid to be nervous and Sherlock is never stupid, therefore he isn’t nervous. He does, however, experience a certain amount of restlessness, but that’s just because he hates waiting, and he dislikes uncertainty.
After, they lie tangled together on the cold ground, tucked away behind stacks and stacks of metal boxes filled with assorted goods meant for export.
“She should. He can’t do his job. This isn’t her Friday lunch club, it’s irrelevant whether she likes him or not. This is business.”
Mr Chatterjee nods in acknowledgement. “Yes. I’ve been watching. You do good things.” He tilts his head. “Is it any good?”
“He just ran off mid-scene? Was it to be sick? I had this colleague once who ran off to throw up into the fire bucket, then he walked back on and finished the scene,” Irene interrupts.
Sherlock stays quiet, waiting for John to decide whether he wants to speak, sick with hope and apprehension.
“‘fraid so,” Ginger says. “He did tell Joe to go get you, though, but Joe had no idea who you even are, so here I am.”
The stairs, creaking under John’s feet. Sherlock has learned to read that creaking like a moodboard. Heavy steps - John is tired, long day, weight of the world on his shoulders. Determinedly hitting every step with emphasis on the loudest part - John is angry.
Sherlock shrugs. “Easy. Observation. You do it all the time, too, you just don’t realise it. It’s our job as actors to behave like other people, and observing them, trying to understand how people who have certain characteristics act, helps us be better actors.”
This, though, this is something else. This is Sherlock when he thinks nobody is listening. The way he plays sometimes in the middle of the night when he thinks John is asleep. Beautiful and real and with so much heart, it always makes John’s chest ache a little, in that unexamined space just beneath his breastbone, the place that tugs and stings whenever Sherlock is being… well, Sherlock.
“It’s my fucking life, and my fucking decision,” John had ground out between clenched teeth. “And if you think I’m going to sit back and sip tea at Baker Street while you’re out there getting yourself killed, you know absolutely nothing about me whatsoever.”
A knock on the door makes them break apart hastily. “Yes?” John says, then looks at Sherlock, brow adorably wrinkled in confusion. “Wait, is this your room or mine?” he whispers.
“When people find out I’m a vet, that I was shot, they usually get a look. Something between guilt and pity. You don’t have that look.”
Sherlock lays out his equipment and ingredients and goes through the bake for today. It’s Bread Week, and Sherlock is already bored.
Molly nods. “But he took a two-hour lunch, and when he came back, he was nearly incoherent. We sent him home after he was sick all over the crew bathroom.”
Practically speaking, Molly's suggestion makes sense. A new flatmate would possibly alleviate his financial situation and could possibly be a reasonably pleasant companion.
Every hour, they come into his cell. Lights on, loud music, startling him out of the doze his exhausted mind has sunk into.
What makes the real difference, though, is that Mycroft has no conscience whatsoever. No perception of right and wrong. No respect for human life. No boundaries. No lines he won’t cross.
John twines his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. “All right,” he says, smiling, wide and happy. “I will.”
And now for the important bit: Pre-heat the oven to 200 celsius, then once you put the cake in, turn it down to 100 for 20 minutes, then go up to 120 and bake the cake for another hour. (I know. It’s weird. But it bloody works. I also have no idea how to "properly" bake this cake, because my grandmother lost the original recipe somewhere along the way. The cake just collapsed in the oven one time she made it and everybody liked it better, so she figured out how to do it on purpose.)
“Because I don’t want it,” Sherlock says, and even as he says it, he knows he’s lying through his teeth, but he hopes that John can’t tell.
“Why do you think?” Sherlock snaps. “Why do you think I endure this boring, hellish nightmare of a show? Do you know how much time we spend actually baking on this baking show? I did the calculations. It’s less than a third. The challenges are asinine, the judging is entirely random, and the waiting around for the cameras and crew and judges and hosts is excruciating. So why do you think I put myself through this?”
“No way out, as far as I can see,” Sherlock notes, and flexes his bound arms. “Not that I can get out of these.”
"What are you on about?" Sherlock asks, wondering if she made an appointment for them somewhere and he missed it because he was filtering her out. It happened to him before.
The performers take a break shortly after sundown, and John checks his watch, which nowadays hangs from a chain on the inside of his jacket. “Come on, we need to go,” he says, tugging at Sherlock’s elbow.
Frowning in confusion, Sherlock puts a hand into his coat pocket and pulls out the ancient lodestone he 'borrowed' from Mr. Musgrave's collection. The stone is black and roughly arrow-shaped, and it's vibrating ever so slightly.
John collapses against Sherlock, and for long minutes, they’re just sitting there, cold earth beneath them forgotten, breathing hard and trying to catch their breath.
John sits down on his own bed and tries to think of something to say. “Sherlock?” he asks softly, into the dark. Maybe Sherlock is asleep after all.
Sherlock lets Mycroft’s words sink in and gives him a half smirk to acknowledge that his brother has a point. “I don’t know about you, but all this sharing and caring business makes me deeply uncomfortable,” Sherlock says, but he knows Mycroft can see that he’s at least half joking.
“Why did he kill her?” Moriarty asks, and there's something distinctly off about the tone of his voice, it's too... clinical, too detached somehow.
The stage door opens and John sticks his head out. He nods at Molly, and they wordlessly vanish in the direction of the stage to prepare the scene change from city to forest.
“Taking advantage of the intel you just shared with me by taking the work space with the second least amount of temperature fluctuations,” the man says, giving Sherlock a conspiratorial grin. “John Watson,” he adds, holding out his hand.
Sherlock swallows heavily and somehow can’t bring himself to look away from John’s eyes. They always look even bluer under the headlights in the tent.
John is walking next to him, steady and calm and mostly quiet since Sherlock told him what happened.
They’re sitting at the kitchen table, John’s medical kit open between them, and John is systematically cleaning the blood from Sherlock’s too-pale skin. Sherlock is watching him with a mixture of wariness and boredom, and John knows that Sherlock can probably guess all the words he isn’t saying, but right now that isn’t very difficult, because John would be the first to admit that he’s thinking very loudly.
Sherlock leans closer and drapes his arm around the back of John’s chair. “Want to find a quiet corner and snog?” Sherlock murmurs, making sure to ghost his breath over John’s sensitive ears.
Sherlock looks away from John, because that smile does things to Sherlock he doesn’t want to think about.
“Doubt there’s sugar around anyway,” John mutters, then gets up and proceeds to make tea for both of them.
Sherlock is standing at the window, back to John. He’s holding his violin carefully away from him, as if to dissociate himself from the instrument, and John wonders for the millionth time why Sherlock is so very, very cautious with his heart, not only with sharing it, but with its very existence.
If only he’d come home. Sherlock doesn’t expect it to be like it was before. But maybe, if John comes home, they’ll be friends again. It’ll be enough. It’ll have to be enough.
“Er, thank you?” John says, nudging Sherlock, but he’s apparently already dismissed their guides and is staring off to his left.
He watches John come out of the catering tent with Mary, Janine and Molly. They’re standing around, getting some fresh air. Molly checks her oven timer obsessively, and Janine and John tease her about it. Their laughter is carried to Sherlock by the wind, and he feels odd, standing aloof, listening to them and not joining them. None of them has spotted him yet, standing there, watching them.
John’s lips twitch with a smile he can barely control, and he looks pointedly at the mug sitting next to Sherlock’s elbow. “Well, that’s good, then,” he says and starts walking towards Sherlock again, leaning heavily on his cane. He sets down the duffle bag and hands Sherlock the mug that’s sitting on his workstation. “Still warm enough to drink.”
“No, thank you, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock says and takes her by the shoulders to gently steer her out. “You have a nice day now.”
Sherlock huffs a laugh and leads the way to the caterers. They deliver the cake, then make their way over to an outdoor area where about sixty folding chairs have been put up.
“Sorry,” he says when he catches up with them. “But the curator at the museum told me you were asking about Kitty?”
To all of their surprise, it’s Molly who breaks the silence. “Sod off, Jim. You’re just jealous that we’re all outbaking you,” she says, voice dripping with nonchalant disdain.
Sherlock sweeps through the tent and John follows. “Black Forest Gateau, she's going to over-whip the cream,” he says, gesturing at the workstation of the cryer from yesterday. “You know how I know? She used the KitchenAid for everything yesterday, she’ll make the same mistake today. This one,” he gestures at another workstation. “carrot cake, it’s going to be soggy because she’s going to use too many carrots. Anderson will over-bake his red velvet sponge because that oven is uneven and because he’s an idiot who spends his time flirting with Miss Black Forest Gateau who will go home today because that is way, way beyond her means.”
Finally, she is calm and he is calm and he can put her back in her crib. He switches on the baby monitor and takes another look at her peaceful face.
“It sounded like a tedious mess,” Sherlock snaps, but when Emma just looks at her watch and makes a move for him to get on with it, he sighs and says, “I thought it would be a good opportunity to get more people to care about baking.”
All in all, he's happier here than he's been in years. London, the war, his family, all are far away, and John's not unhappy about it.
“I completely understand,” Sherlock answers, and he does. Mr Chatterjee needs the money, Sherlock understands that. Sherlock just needs to get it first.
, deep down in his bones, that John wouldn’t have married Mary, that she would have been as transient a figure as any of his other girlfriends, that right now, at this very moment, they would both be asleep in their respective beds in 221B, and now Sherlock wishes for this alternate reality so much his entire body hurts with it.
“Seriously, though, he’s… well, he’s a very good baker. And a nice bloke, which is even more important.”
“The island is largely uninhabited, and to find food and help, he built a small ship and came here. We took him in and for a while, he seemed content here. Then the incidents started.” Lya pauses for a moment. “First we didn’t think anything of it. Fires happen, we live in trees.” She smirks humourlessly and gestures at the walls around them. “But more dangerous than his tendencies for violence was that he was unable to let go of his home world. He spoke unceasingly about going back. He told our young ones stories about his world, radios and automobiles and aeroplanes, and some of our young ones were fascinated. So we cast him out. We took the Great Mother Crystal from the Temple of the Mother, and we used it to power the Gate. We took him to the Gate and forced him to go through. And we thought that was it. But some of our young ones were inflamed by his ideas and wanted to see what he'd only described. So two of his most fervent admirers stole the Mother Crystal and re-opened the Gate to let him come back. They also took the book. We found them dead in the Faedorn. The book and the crystal were gone.” Lya’s voice breaks, and Sherlock and John exchange a worried look.
Sherlock looks away, and John glares down at his hands, angry with himself because there’s a lump in his throat and he feels a powerful sadness, mingled with bittersweet nostalgia.
John doesn’t hear Sherlock’s answer, but he watches them from the window as Irene puts her hand on Sherlock’s arm and Sherlock leans closer to catch what she’s saying. He rests his forehead on the cool glass and lets out a deep breath. He’s made it through Day 1 of ten days rehearsal and 30 days of performances without killing anybody and without completely embarrassing himself. He’s been professional, calm and polite. And it’s hell.
He falls silent again, and John lets him, because he knows by now that Sherlock this deep in thought is best left undisturbed.  They continue walking along the path, mist settling in their hair and clothes, making everything damp and slightly uncomfortable. John looks at the sky occasionally in the hopes that the sun will break through the fog soon, it is July after all, but for now it doesn’t look likely.
Sherlock snorts. “Thank you, but I’m fully confident in my ability to out-bake you, I don’t need to resort to sabotage.”
Devonshire is beautiful this time of year. It’s late June and the days are endless. The breeze from the ocean is warm and smells of freedom.
“You’re a little too young to be an apprentice Medic, but you’re done with school in a year, and you could start then. And in the meantime, if you want, we always need people who help out at the hospital.”
“It was just a chemical reaction,” Sherlock answers, gesturing at his head. “Brain chemistry malfunction.”
John's blood goes cold. There's something in the tone of Sherlock's voice he hasn't heard in a long time. “All right. Let's go.”
John smiles at him, looking fondly amused. “Shall I leave you two alone for the night?” he asks, gesturing at the recipe book.
With that, he firmly reseals the door to the closed-off wing of his mind palace and nods at himself in the mirror.
He meets Sherlock in the kitchen. He’s loading his teacup into the dishwasher, and he also puts in the glass he apparently took off stage with him.
If he wanted to, if he was masochistic enough, he could go back and count every time John smiled at him, every time they walked home together after rehearsal or performance, the cool London air refreshing on their flushed faces after the stuffy heat of the theatre, both elated from the adrenaline rush of a good live performance, or tired from a stressful rehearsal, or joking about something that went wrong, a funny line, an odd audience reaction, a missed cue, a dropped prop. Every time John took his hand, hesitant and shy, every time his heart soared at the touch, every time he unlocked the overcomplicated door to his tiny flat with fingers trembling with nerves and desire, every time John backed him against that door and kissed him, tasting of cheap backstage coffee and powdered creamer, every time they’d exchange a secret smile during long rehearsals, or a look that contained a shared joke. Every time he looked at John before a show and knew he’d be watching and the adrenaline jolt making the performance that much better, that much sharper and clearer and more immediate.
“You discovered that the Gate had been re-opened when we stumbled through, didn't you?” Sherlock asks, but from his tone it's clear it wasn't really a question.
As soon as they're alone and safe, Sherlock backs John against the nearest flat surface and kisses him like he wants to consume John, and he does, he does. He wants, wants, wants. Wants John’s skin and his breath in Sherlock’s body and his words against Sherlock’s skin and his cock in Sherlock’s hand.
John wishes he could break it, but he has absolutely no idea how. Talking about the kiss seems impossible, but John realises they don’t have to. There’s plenty of things going on that are, in the grand scheme of things, much more important than a few seconds of kissing. (Though if he’s entirely honest with himself, a few seconds of kissing feel momentous right now).
Sherlock hooks his fingers into John’s belt loops and walks them backwards, navigating them to the bedroom without really breaking the kiss, and John is very on board with this plan, because his knees are made of jelly and he wants to get Sherlock naked, now.
John shudders and turns, pulling Sherlock into a sleepy, languid kiss. John’s sweaty and his morning breath is sour, but Sherlock doesn’t care, he kisses back with enthusiasm.
"Extrapolation." Sherlock looks at John,who’s taking a drag from his pint and seems to be waiting for something. “What?” he snaps.
“That's impossible,” he whispers. “The magnet in your compass and the lodestone are attracted and repelled by the same forces.”
Mrs Hudson looks over to Sherlock, who’s concentrating on his own dough. “And you, Sherlock? How are you doing?”
“I think we’ve stretched this metaphor about as far as it will go,” Sherlock says, unable to keep the amusement out of his voice.
“This is a farce,” Moriarty presses out between gritted teeth. He’s standing next to Emma the contestant wrangler and he’s been complaining loudly about their side-shoot for the entire day. “How can you let them film in the tent? This isn’t fair.”
“Sherlock,” his mother says, taking his arm. “We’re having drinks with an old friend of ours, he’s a very influential film producer, and he was watching tonight. He was very impressed.”
Sherlock admits that John has a point and lets his body relax. John's bed is small and uncomfortable, but Sherlock is warm and sated and tired, and incongruently happy.
Sherlock stubs out his cigarette and gets up. “I fucked it up,” he says, short and precise. Then he walks away in search of a cup of tea.
