Steve draped his arm over Tony’s shoulders so they were holding each other.  “I gotta say, this is the most half-assed tour I’ve ever been on.”
“So did you really get to go to Disneyland for free?” Tony asked when he turned up on Steve’s doorstep late Saturday afternoon two weeks after the Super Bowl.
Fury settled in his chair and fixed Steve with an appraising look.  “Steve, Carol and I spent most of the morning rewatching your play from Sunday while we worked out the rough sketch of our game plan.  And we saw a lot of very promising things.”
“Some people think it’s just really badly scarred or something happened that doesn’t let him blink right like Bell’s Palsy,” Gabe offered.
Tony snatched the clothes off the bed and vanished into Steve’s closet with a breezy “thanks for this!”
Steve leaned down and kissed Tony soft and slow, pulling back with a quiet smile.  “For letting me be a dork who bought his mom a Clapper for her birthday.”
“Well, you’re doing it right, that’s for sure.”  Tony winked.  “So how about this?  We can swing by yours so you can get cleaned up, then we’ll go to mine and I’ll feed and entertain you.”
Steve whirled back from where he’d been digging the salad and dressing out of the fridge and slammed the bowl of salad down on the kitchen counter.  “It’s finally cooled off, so
Peter shook his head.  “I don’t--” he yanked on something in the guts of the copier and ended up flat on his backside.  He sighed ruefully then looked up at Steve.  “No.  I got it, Mr. Rogers.  Ms. Carter’s waiting for you, and I don’t want to make you late.”
From his spot on his back, Tony reached up and brushed Steve’s bangs out of his eyes.  “I do.  And I won’t.  Years making the press my bitch, remember?”
“I really don’t want to be the bad guy here,” Sharon addressed all of them.  “My team and I are here for you just like the coaches and support staff are. Please don’t hesitate to ask us any questions you have.  You have my team’s contact details on your tablet. Let us help you.”
“Can I tell you something?” Steve asked a couple bites later, his eyes fixed on the half finished cannoli between them.
Steve made it to the stage where the three biggest names in the Avengers organization were waiting to shake his hand.  Head coach Nick Fury stepped forward first and clasped his hand. “Rogers, we’re pleased you’re going to be joining us.”
Tony sighed.  “I got out of an R&D meeting, and I didn’t have anything else really to do today, so I wanted to see what you were up to.”
Bucky hummed and finished his plate, handing it to Clint before grabbing Tony around the waist. “Come on, Tony. Let’s go pick out a movie.” He smirked, pulling Tony from the kitchen and making Steve’s hands clench with a huff.
He padded over, gently sitting on his side of the bed, careful not to wake Tony. He looked down at Tony, softly brushing the hair out of his face before sitting back against the headboard, eyes locked on the far wall. He couldn’t bare the fact that Tony’s cheeks were still somehow flustered from crying.
Tony shifted uncomfortably, hands pushing at the man’s chest with the sheer hope that he could escape. The blonde laughed, grabbing both of Tony’s wrists and pinning his hands above his head. “It would be greatly appreciated if you cooperated. I just want to talk.”
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin, glancing to see Steve leaning against the door frame. “So I got a lot on my mind, what’s it to you?” Tony huffed, immediately turning defensive as if Steve knew what he was thinking.
"I-I dont know, man. I was just having a drink with this smoking hot blonde when I guy came in and shot at the ceiling. Told everyone to get out." The guy panted nervously, glancing to he door. “Last I saw, he was heading for the corner office," The man huffed, shrugging away Bucky’s grip and taking off.
“Jesus Christ, Rogers,” Bucky hissed in exasperation, and Steve could hear the sound of a faucet turning on in the background. “No, I didn’t make a scene. Who do you think you’re talking to? I pulled him aside into one of the closed off hallways and gave him a little scare. He knew the deal was good for him, he just wanted to be an ass and make us wait on his decision.”
Steve finally turned to face her. There was a flash of sympathy mingled with worry in her eyes, and Steve was reminded that Bucky was her friend too. In fact, Bucky had been the one to bring the woman to Steve, to save her from a life of dancing at the local club, working information out of customers to trade to high-paying clients. And despite her attachment to the brunet, she was keeping a cool head. Steve had to learn by example. “You’re right. It’s only been a day. I can’t start jumping to conclusions.”
The front door slammed shut, two familiar bodyguards coming into view before her father was rounding the corner into the lounge. Toni and Steve were on their feet immediately. His eyes found Toni’s and he huffed in relief. “Steve called me the moment Bucky got off the phone with him. Are you alright?”
A gunshot rang out loudly in the cool night air, Clint's eyes widening as he took a faltering step back.
Placing one manicured hand on the railing, Toni descended the stairs and began to weave her way towards her father, only to be intercepted by a hand on her elbow. Turning to face her captor, Toni’s brow furrowed at the sight of Justin Hammer. He was a rising entrepreneur in the city, and his taste for more… illegal methods of business wasn’t as well-hidden as Howard’s. Either way, Toni found the man to be a hack.
“I didn’t mean it, Mr. Rogers, sir. I swear! A couple of the boxes came loose and I didn’t want the product going to waste.”
Bucky nodded. “Spent the year so wrapped up in coordinating the business that we never really noticed Sarah getting sicker until it was bad. Say what you want about Steve’s dad, the man was an abusive bastard. But Sarah Rogers? That woman was the kindest sole you’d ever meet. She never wanted this life for Steve, but damn if she didn’t support and care for him every step of the way. Even running the business by himself, Steve was always that same stupid kid I knew back in high school. Hoping to help the world and turn the streets of Brooklyn around. Then his ma passed and… he was never the same. Losing his dad was nothing, but loosing Sarah? Destroyed him for a long time. It was all I could do to put the pieces back together for him, show him that he still had family.”
Steve grunted, shrugging away his shirt and tossing it on the bed. “Haven’t quite decided. A mixture of both, I suppose. I’ll apologize for missing the meeting and feel out his responses. That’s about as much as I can do until I get more evidence. But I will make my suspicions clear.”
Tony was already taking a shaky step back but Steve was quicker, the blonde surging forward and grabbing his arm, shoving him against the brick wall of the alley. "And why not?" Steve growled, eyes narrowing on Clint and holding Tony firmly in place.
Opening the door, Tony found Donovan waiting on the other side, leaning back against the wall with his arms crossed menacingly. Donovan turned his head to Tony, a smirk stretching across his face as he straightened. Tony narrowed his eyes, holding out his weapon to Donovan and sighing. “Tell Obadiah his prototype is ready.”
“Hey,” Tony whined, rolling onto his belly and sitting up. “I'm not out of shape. I just don't like exercise,” Tony mumbled, eyes drawn to the powerful muscles in Steve’s back as the mob boss bent over to grab his water bottle. He snapped his gaze away from the gleaming muscles as Steve straightened out.
Ty snorted, taking a seat with Toni and stretching an arm out behind her along the back of the couch. “Only good things, I’m sure. I was recently featured on Forbes’ “30 under 30” list; it has a lot of the press buzzing.”
Tony snorted, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Wait around for nothing? There is no way we can get out some sort of message that Steve and the others would get." He stood slowly, pacing and making a face.
Steve followed the instruction, sliding an arm under her shoulders and propping her up into a sitting position. Bucky took the strip of t-shirt, folding it under her broken arm and typing the ends around her neck to create a sling. “You know we can’t leave her like this, Buck. She can’t fend for herself with one broken arm, and that’s assuming she doesn’t succumb to the pain alone.”
“You can’t predict when people are going to reveal just how awful they truly are. You just have to take the blow and hopefully deal with the fallout with a bit of grace,” Bucky admitted.
Bruce flinched slightly at the image, slowly filing away the papers. “I know it’s hard on all of us. What with Tony kidnapped and Bucky missing. Things aren’t right. But we will figure this all out."
There, clear as day on the screen was Loki and Tony in the kitchen. As Tony was washing off the dishes, Loki was pouring two cups of coffee. Bruce had to zoom in to catch the powder than Loki slipped into a mug before handing it to Tony. Clint growled as he watched Tony crash to the floor and Loki move from the kitchen. Bruce followed his movements through the different cameras, watching as Loki let two large men in through the front door and led them into the kitchen.
“No. Howard whisked her off the moment she came back to our table. Haven’t seen any of them all night after that,” Steve explained, leaning back against the wall and looking out over the crowd. “But she did give me this look.”
“’Bucky’ is a stupid name,” Toni mumbled under her breath, looking away and studying the broken picture frames on the wall. A young couple used to live here.  “Why did you bring me with you?”
Ty’s eyes narrowed on Toni, any façade of trying to placate Toni disappearing at her rejection. He opened his mouth, but he didn’t give her the explanation she wanted. “Raza! Raza, they’re getting away!”
Justin groaned, looking over the map. “T-the dividing line of both territories is along Main Street.” Lifting his good hand with two good fingers left, he pointed to two small buildings marked on the map. “Stane has two armories set up in these office buildings where he stores his extra men and guns.” He dragged his finger to the top right hand corner of the map, marked off as a residential area. “His base of operations is his estate on Applewood Drive.”
Toni was tired, but her feet moved on autopilot away from the eastern wing and towards the business side of the mansion. She climbed the stairs and drifted down the hallway, pausing outside the door to Steve’s office for only a moment before pushing it open. She found the blonde at his desk, a drink of his own cradled in one hand while the other held a paper under his lamp for light. He glanced up when Toni entered, and she found he was more shocked than irritated by her presence. “Ms. Stark. Can I help you?”
He was rather greeted by the sight of Bucky groaning, holding his head where a bruise was quickly developing over his forehead. "What the Hell happened?" Clint asked, moving to Bucky's side and helping the brunette off of the floor. He paused at the sight of the metal arm grabbing his shoulder for balance, a curse escaping his lips. "Your arm. What did they do?" He whispered.
Toni resolutely ignored Ty’s mumbled “Yeah, who needs a son-in-law when you can groom street scum for business.”
“Yeah, somehow I don’t think Rogers will go for that. He went insane while you were missing,” Toni muttered, leaning forward to rest her elbows on the counter as she picked at her own crust. “Insufferable, really.”
Toni raised her glass, knocking it against his in toast. “We may be confined, Barnes, but we’re not helpless. There are big plans to make, and an enemy whose operations we have to predict.” Toni finished her drink again, placing the glass down on the counter with a resounding ‘clink’ before she stood from the stool. She placed a hand on Bucky’s good shoulder, leaning in to press her lips to his ear. “Don’t think for a moment that I’m not spending every waking moment planning on how I’m going to make them
“To check on you,” Steve murmured, running a hand affectionately through Tony’s hair only to flinch with a hurt expression as Tony swatted his hand away.
Steve kicked the front door closed behind him, carrying two pizzas into the kitchen and setting them down on the counter. Natasha was the only one present, carefully lifting two plates down from the cabinet. “Just us for dinner?” he asked carefully, opening up one of the pizzas.
Almost a quarter of his Estate was now smoking and ruined from the bombs, and Steve was on the war path now, eyes blazed with a fire of blue rage as he stormed down into the basement and grabbed Loki’s shoulder, shoving a fist into his stomach. Loki let out a strangled cough, bruised and bloodied face slowly turning to look up to Steve. “You fucking gave Tony to Obadiah Stane? Are you fucking insane!" Steve snarled, pacing back and forth as if trying to figure out how to act.
Steve blinked slowly, and when he opened his eyes, his gaze was on her. “Did your father send you here to give me some form of warning?”
The boss grinned, holding up a flashdrive and passing it to Tony. “I hope you don’t mind that I borrowed this."
Steve tensed immediately, slamming his glass on the desk and standing. His desk chair rolled back under the force. Bucky remained unfazed as he examined a bottle of scotch. “Are you fucking joking right now? I really hope you are, for your sake.”
The thought kept rattling around in Steve’s head, intrusive and nagging. Every time he tried to do work, tried to formulate plans, the question flashed like a neon sign in the forefront of his mind. And the trouble was: what if Bucky really
The fact that these two only seemed to egg each other on only served to annoy Steve more. They were made for each other, he thought bitterly. “We met once or twice before. Nothing memorable.”
Steve smacked the back of Tony’s head, leaning down and packing up a grocery bag. “What did I saw about talking about that?” he hissed. “Can you even keep your mouth shut? No, you cant. You couldn’t even shut up when you were being mugged.”
Wow! So that's the end, folks. Never thought I'd actually get around to it. Thank you sooo much to all of you who have stuck with this story and my irregular updates and what not. I guess you can tell I lost interest with it but that's because Im not exactly happy with how it turned out. But for my first major story, I dont think I did too bad :) Anyways, thanks for all the kudos and reviews and I hope to have another story up soon! (One that I plan to write ahead of time so that I dont leave you all hanging for updates =D)
“I bet that was a delight- what are you wearing tonight? I want to make sure we coordinate, my press secretary wants a new picture of us for this interview I’m doing,” Ty called out to her.
Steve snorted, tilting the hat again and tapping his fingers impatiently on the table. “Why do I have to where a hat and coat again?" Steve complained.
Clint trailed off in frustration,sitting again and resting his head in his hands. Bruce rubbed his shoulder gently, sighing. "It's okay, Clint. Now we have a motive. But we still have to figure out how all the bomb and Bucky fit into all of this. And who took Tony."
“I’m sure,” Toni gave him a tired, polite smile. “But you have to realize that you can’t keep him locked up in this house forever. He’s frustrated, but I think he sees now that recovering is not synonymous with being useless. But once he’s healed completely, you can’t keep him from the field.”
“Then I guess I’ll be leading,” Toni hummed dryly, quirking a small smile. Looking over his face, she found no familiar features, nothing that indicated that they’ve met before, and that made her curious. “I don’t think I’ve seen you before- which is strange. After years of dinner parties and galas with New York’s finest, you get used to seeing same people. Who are you?”
For now, Bucky would have to improve his day by topping off his coffee mug with a hefty tip of his silver flask.
Toni scoffed, unfolding the arms of the hot rod red frames and sliding them onto her face. “Sweetheart,
“Because today’s fight crossed a line and I think you’re both tired of bickering,” Bucky commented, wrapping his arm around the back of his chair as he turned to face Steve. “Besides, she’s coming this way.”
"Just a little vacation," Loki lied smoothly, pushing himself up slowly, Steve’s gun never faltering in its aim.
Their plan was to hit the supermarket first and stock up on food and first aid supplies. Then they would check out the general store and the other small local stores in an effort to find new clothes and shoes. Hopefully, this town would provide them with more than enough to get them started on their journey north.
Bruce raised an eyebrow, smiling. “I didn’t expect someone so young to be good enough in math to even understand the equation I was working on, let alone fix it. This is beyond college level math.”
"Thor, your fucking brother drugged Tony!" Clint snapped angrily as he watched as Tony was lifted and carried out to a dark car waiting in the driveway.
He disappeared back into the closet, and Toni blinked at the sudden topic change. “Fine. Would’ve been better if I hadn’t run into Rogers beforehand, but I survived.”
Bucky huffed, jaw clenching as he looked over the brunette girl. Her face was pale, a sheen of sweat forming on her brow and cheekbones. Steve knew he had to see how frail she looked. Finally, his husband scoffed and waved his hand. “I guess we can’t just leave her at the bottom of a cliff with a bad arm and no supplies. Fine. But you’re in charge of her, Steve. I mean it; if you want to be a damn hero, she’s yours to care for.”
Everyone bowed their heads, both thoughtful and defeated as they tried to figure this mess out. "What the hell is going on?" Clint snapped finally, flopping down into his seat. "Everyone's getting hurt or taken or disappearing and I can't fucking take it! My baby brother is in the hands of some sick bastard and our fucking house is exploding and our own men are betraying us and Bucky is fucking MIA!"
“Then why were you trying to steal my food earlier?” Steve questioned, giving the girl a knowing look.
“Nope,” Toni covered her ears, stepping backwards towards where there must be some back exit. “Can’t hear you! Sorry! What did you say?”
He’s been out for a day- at least what he hopes was a day- which meant there would be mounds of work for him to catch up on later in the morning. Not to mention Steve’s probable nagging over him while he heals. He had hardly been able to fend off the blonde’s worried ranting when he was carrying Bucky to his bedroom; he could only imagine what Steve has bottled up over the time he’s been out. He loved his friend for it, but coddling was the last thing Bucky wanted right now. For the time being, there was a more pressing issue.
Steve didn’t want to push his luck; he’s already forced Bucky out of his comfort zone enough by promising to help her until her arm was fixed.
Clint nodded slowly, following Bruce out while Steve sent another fist into Loki’s stomach. “I’m going to ask you again. Who the hell did you give Tony to?" Steve snarled, leaning close.
Tony gave a slow, hesitant nod before sighing, leaning into Bucky. Bucky frowned slightly, pulling back to look down at Tony. “What…Tony, what exactly happened when the took you a few hours ago?” he asked quietly, watching as Tony stiffened.
Loki grinned. “I heard them go off. Did you enjoy them?" He snickered and Steve punched him again. He coughed before grunting. “Obadiah had me plant four of them. Lab, kitchen, gym and living room. By the sounds of it, all four have been set off. I was told that they were motivation for Tony, to making sure his work was one hundred and ten percent."
"Oh? Because it looks like you hacked my monitors, created a signal and contacted your moronic friends." Obadiah growled, flinging the cord aside in favor of stalking forward, seizing Tony’s chin and forcing him to meet his gaze. “It seems we’ve both underestimated each other," Obadiah tutted, giving Bucky a warning glare when the larger man tried to intervene.
He received no response, Steve’s head in his hands as he kept his eyes on the documents and face hidden. Blows were traded, indeed. Bucky groaned, following Toni’s path out of the office and jogging to catch up with her down the hallway. “I don’t know what today’s argument was about, but you both put yourselves in this position with all this bickering.”
She had been so eager for his gratitude, when she and Bucky had first returned. She saved Barnes without any expectation of gratitude, but it still would have been a bonus to hear a genuine “thank you” from the mouth of Steve Rogers. And yet, now that she had it, Toni didn’t know how to feel. She had spent three years hating this man with a passion and now… now they were being civil and Toni didn’t entirely trust it. In her defense, they had started out on what Toni had thought to be civil terms at her twenty-first birthday, only to find out his intentions were to manipulate her for his own gain. Three years of hating each other and now he was thanking her? It was an awkward end to an awkward conversation, and Toni felt at a loss for words herself for the first time in a long time.
Tony snorted, eyes narrowly. “That’s not what it looks like,” he hissed, squirming under the larger male.
It was certainly no greeting, and Bucky made a face at the newspaper he was flipping through. “You’re overreacting.”
“Well of course you should be, Tones. He was your fiancé, he was in your life for three years. I’d be concerned if you
Justin gave Steve an apprehensive look, sighing. “There’s one more thing you should know. Stane purchased the abandoned factory on Thirty-first Street. When Tony finishes making the prototype of the weapon he wants, he’s shipping it off to the factory where it will be replicated and passed out to all his men before the invasion. If you want to truly stop Obadiah’s invasion plan, you have to take down that factory.”
Bucky was quiet, studying her face before he lowered his voice and leaned closer. “So how do you sit here in this damn house so calmly? When every part of you wants revenge?”
“Justin! Get me all the information on Stark that you can.” The boss called to his second in command, who was standing by the door. The boss turned to regard the mugger with a look. “Anything else?”
Tony turned his head away, leaning more against the counter. It was silent for a moment and Tony found himself speaking to fill it. “That movie sucks.”
“Yeah well it isn’t our job to go easy,” Bucky huffed, turning to Tony. “Just come to the gym. It’s the door right before you go into the lab. We'll all be training in there today anyways.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, pressing the second backpack into Steve’s arms and pulling his husband up. “If she’s so sure of herself, we might as well leave her here.” Steve gave him a sharp look. “I’m
“It’s definitely nice to see you sitting up,” Bruce started, setting his bag on the foot of Bucky’s bed. “Considering how out of it you were before and after your initial treatment.” Bruce took a seat beside Bucky on the bed, gingerly reaching around the man’s neck to unclasp the sling. “How is it feeling?”
Steve huffed, but a smile curled his lips just barely. “Thanks,” he muttered sarcastically, standing from the bed and wedging off his shoes. “And thanks for the sleep too. I feel better.”
Clint snorted. “If you haven’t noticed, Hogan isn’t the most coordinated soul on the block,” he said. “Now that Pepper girl, she can kick ass.” Clint teased.
“I’m sure you did,” Toni cooed, as if to indulge his sentiments. “But my father wants those contracts by the end of the day, so if you wouldn’t mind hurrying it up; I’d hate for us both to have the misfortune of my father sending me back here to retrieve the paperwork later on.”
“What’s wrong with you? You’ve hardly said a word all evening and- I love you, babe, you know that- but usually, I can hardly ever get you to shut up,” Ty joked, taking a slow drag of the cigarette and letting the smoke rolled out on his exhale.
“Thank god, we’re speaking English again,” Bucky joked, sitting forward in bed so that Bruce could secure the bandages behind his back. “I’m fine. Really. I don’t need everyone hovering,” Bucky assured, looking up to the doctor. “In fact, Doc, do you think you can leave me a few of those pain meds? I’d like to be ready for patrol tonight.”
Clint sighed, rubbing his face and slumping forward to rest his head on the table.This was not how he had planned his day going."Great..." he huffed, shaking his head.
“So will we. I will personally make sure Steve finishes the contracts and we’ll turn them over to you at the benefit,” Bucky assured, meeting her eyes confidently and sincerely. “Will that timeline be okay with your father?”
Toni stepped out into the fresh air, glad to be free of the stuffy barn. They were in the middle of a cornfield, tall grasses brushing against her legs as Bucky pushed down the majority of the stalks in their way. The sun wasn’t shining, instead replaced with light gray clouds that threatened rain. The fall wind tugged at her waves, and the girl wouldn’t admit it, but she was grateful for Bucky’s flannel wrapped tight around her shoulders. She’d need to find a change of clothes in town, as well as food, and a weapon, and pain medication. Fuck it, she was started at ground zero. Her blues eyes studied the back of Bucky’s head before her, the rubber band restraining his hair into a small bun at the crown of his head, the tight line of his shoulders as he used his rifle to push aside the grasses. Behind her, Steve cocked his shotgun once, brow furrowed as he scanned the area around them over and over. Why were the really helping her?
He had camped out in the hallway all night, and after much convincing, JARVIS unlocked the door to Tony’s bedroom for Steve. Steve entered the shadowed room, a few stray strands of sunlight breaking through the window and casting a soft glow to Tony’s curled up figure on the bed. Steve’s heart clenched at the very sight.
The new voice rang out in the small supply room, and Toni moved to spin around on her feet when the butt of a rifle clipped her temple and sent her to the ground unconscious. Standing above her was a larger brunet, his jeans in a similarly dirty state as the Steve’s, though he was adorned in a green and black flannel rather than a leather jacket. His brown eyes were on the girl at his feet, before he leveled the blonde with an incredulous look. “Seriously? You were going to let yourself get robbed by a hundred-and-twenty-pound kid half your size?”
On the coffee table was Steve’s sketchbook and Bucky’s pistol. There was no note attached, but Steve knew what the girl was trying to say:
Steve helped Clint load the dishes into the dishwasher and pop popcorn before moving to the living room, flicking off the lights and watching as everyone snuggled in. Thor and Bruce took up the love seat while Bucky and Clint stretched across the couch, leaving Steve and Tony on the floor. Tony sat with his back against the couch, looking up as Steve started the movie and settled beside him amongst the mass of blankets Bucky had dug out for everyone.
“He spent the night in the lab,” Bruce chuckled, sipping his coffee and taking a seat at the end of the table.
“I swear it,” the man insisted, leaning forward and raising his hands in a placating, submissive gesture. “I was technically doing you a favor.“
Ty grunted in agreement, returning to the room with a fresh beer in hand. “Apparently, Mark, Linda, and few others are getting cold feet about the new line of products we were hoping to release. We’re going to meet before dinner for a round of presentations, break for food, and then hopefully seal the deal over a few cocktails. Don’t worry, I’ll be home in time for bed,” he rumbled as he stopped behind Toni.
"No!" Tony said quickly, hands gently resting over Obadiah's on the pistol. "I can help him. Please. Just give me a little time and I can help him. He'll be good as new!" Tony pleaded, eyes drifting to look over Bucky's tranquil face. "
“Tony,” Steve whimpered, tears filling his eyes as he tried to pull Tony into a hug but Tony stepped away.
Tony rolled his eyes as he heard the key click in the lock, rubbing his face and glancing down at his computer. He didn’t even feel like working on his programs tonight. He huffed and saved his work, grabbing his flashdrive from the coffee table and copying his work onto it; it was habitual for him to back his work up, like he was paranoid he’d lose it all.
With that, Steve was off to his designated aisle, while Bucky took a moment to open the chili for Toni and pass it over to her with the water and a fork. “Eat and drink. All of it.”
Hello lovely readers! I know its been forever, but between school and my new job, spare time has been few and far between. But I'm here now, with a new chapter! And I think I can guarantee you can expect another chapter before Christmas and both this and These Kingdoms We've Built, I just have to get past finals. So for now, enjoy this chapter and our first look into the rise and fall of broody Toni!
“I made the rounds,” Natasha started, passing him a plate before moving to the refrigerator. “Bucky is still out cold and Ms. Stark and her friend were eating burgers.” Natasha returned with two beers in hand, passing one to Steve and clinking their bottles together in mock toast. “As for the others, Clint is overseeing a shipment at the docks and Sam is organizing tonight’s patrol. Just us.”
. He had always been able to read her like a book. “I just…I thought I finally found one person who was actually interested in being with me for me. No scheme to get to my father, no… no grand fucking plan to keep me out of the way while they destroy my family and… and…”
Toni rounded the corner into the dining room, tipping her head in greeting to Jarvis and the bowl of fruit he was placing in her usual spot. Toni expected to find her father at the head of the table, a mug of coffee cradled in his right hand while the left sorted through a file that either contained legit business information or horribly illegal activities. It could honestly go either way. What Toni did not expect to find was the blonde settled in the seat to Howard’s left, directly across from Toni’s chair. It was the man she had danced with the night before, the one who had tried to weasel his way into a meeting with her father. And it looks like he didn’t need to manipulate Toni; he had found a way in all on his own. “I have to go, Pepper. I’ll call you later,” Toni was already hanging up, cautiously pulling out her chair and taking a seat. “Good morning, dad. Mr. Rogers,
Toni paused like she wasn’t expecting his snapped words, and her jaw clenched for a moment and she looked like she wanted a fight herself. But her own annoyance melted away from her expression and she finally shrugged, conceding his point. Perhaps the stress of the past few days had taken her will to argue. At least, to argue over small things. It was a while before she spoke again. “Perhaps you’re right. But you should have seen him while you were gone, ready to tear this city apart for you,” she whispered. “When I first met Steve, he was all sweet and hopeful. He seemed a little too soft for this business, really. Now he's all-"
“Lucky for you, your right hand man is always a step ahead,” Bucky grinned, reaching into his suit pocket and producing a small envelope. “I was able to call in a few favors and get you an invite to one of the biggest events of the year. Baby Stark’s twenty-first birthday party.”
Bucky remembered their conversation in the car ride from Obadiah’s, remembered that Toni’s true fear came from the fact that she didn’t know just how deep this scheme ran. She didn’t know who was trying to lie or manipulate her- how could she, if her fiancé was able to do it for so long without her noticing? She must feel raw, like an exposed nerve. How could she protect herself if she knew nothing about the threat? Bucky shifted and, after hesitating awkwardly, curled his hand around Toni’s shoulder. “You’re safe here. You’ll be safe here until this entire situation is sorted out. I promise. Hell, you saved my life. I plan on returning the favor if it’s required. We all will here. Despite your differences with Stevie, we all look out for our own, and that includes you now.”
And there was the opening Steve had been waiting for to direct the conversation towards his interests. “I’m sure a man in your father’s line of work has a lot of things to worry about, the safety of his daughter most importantly. I can only imagine the dangerous men he must deal with on a daily basis.”
“Christ, you two are a mess,” Toni huffed, shaking her head as she refilled her glass. “Neither of you have any reason to feel guilty. The situation really was shitty, but there was nothing any of us could have done to avoid being in it. Our enemies had this plan in mind for a long time, and things were being put into motion long before we could see them. The plan was to jump you when you least expected it, and the plan was to drive Steve mad looking for you. Neither of you should feel guilty for being forced to play a part in some scheme designed against you.”
Clint paused in front of Tony, sighing and nudging him as he set aside his suitcase. “Tony, come on, you have to pack. We need to leave this house.”
For this second time in twenty-four hours, Toni descended the grand staircase from the second floor. This time, however, it was early morning and Toni was clad in a tank top and silk pajama pants rather than an evening gown. A phone was hidden in one of the pants’ pockets, connected to headphones that were in place in both ears. The brunette made her way down the hall, arms extended up to finish fashioning her hair into a sloppy ponytail. “I hear you, Pepper. I promise I’ll make it to the event,” she argued out loud, pausing a moment to listen to a response before she groaned. “Pep, darling, honey, I will be there. I’m awake and moderately in a good mood, so isn’t that a good enough sign that I didn’t drink too much last night? Even though I had every right to, it was my own birthday party.”
After a moment, Bucky finally lifted himself up and swung his legs over the side of the bed, all the while holding his shoulder to prevent any jarring movements. He’s no longer in his slacks from the gala he had been taken from, the clothing replaced by a pair of his black sweatpants. Bucky stood and shuffled out of the room, silently descending the stairs. A shaft of yellow light stretched out from the kitchen doorway and into the dining room, alerting Bucky to the fact that he was not the only one awake. It was probably Clint, who was known to turn up in the house at odd hours in search of food or company. But it wasn’t the snarky blonde that Bucky found, but rather a snarky brunette standing before the open refrigerator door. “Stark?”
Steve snorted, crossing his arms and giving Tony a look. “Oh, really? You looked like you needed help. Or was sitting on the ground, handing over your wallet and getting shot all a part of your plan?”
The mob boss huffed softly, matching Tony's grin as he dipped down to kiss along Tony's jaw. "One thing at a time," he murmured, grip tightening on his hips.
A throat cleared and Toni’s shoulders tensed, the only visible sign that she had been startled by the intrusion. She abandoned her view to turn inward towards her new room. It was one of the many guest rooms that populated the eastern wing of Rogers’ estate, not large enough to be a suite but certainly roomy. Her visitor stood beside the door, the same redhead that had brought her tea earlier that evening. “Ms. Romanov,” Toni greeted, stepping away from the balcony door and crossing the room.
It was a gauntlet, its sleek metal frame glimmering under the lights of the lab. Tony slowly slid his hand inside, watching the lightweight metal swallow his arm halfway up his forearm. It clicked into place, fitting snugly against his skin as the repulsor in the center of his palm lit to an idle glow. It was amazing, really, almost like an extension of his arm. Tony turned towards the glass panel that separated half the lab, his metallic fist clenching as he spied his reflection staring back.
Steve calmly crossed his arms over his chest and shook his head once. “No, I don’t think I will do that.”
“Because- and this may shock you- not everyone in this world is an asshole like you,” Bucky muttered, setting his rifle aside and crossing his arms. “Thank Steve. He has an inability to leave people behind, even when they deserve it.”
“Besides your apartment, that’s one of the first places they’d check for me. I’m sure they’re hoping you took me there,” Bucky muttered, perking up at the sight of Steve’s mansion as it came in to view at the end of the block. “But they wouldn’t dare come onto Steve’s territory. Specifically not his house. Plus, we have a doctor at the hospital on payroll, and I’m sure he’d love to make a house call for me.”
"Get us out of here, Rhodey," Steve ordered before his eyes were on Tony, taking in the brunette as if he would never see him again. "Nice to see you again, princess," he murmured, a fond smile stretching over his lips.
“Not my fault the kid has a nice ass,” Bucky called teasingly after Steve, turning back only to meet a sharp, protective glare from Clint. “Hey, hey, calm down, Momma Bear. I was only teasing.”
. But I am going to make sure I’m at my best when I do it, and not give them a chance to get me first.”
The blonde’s eyes snapped open immediately, whatever light sleep he had been able to muster through the night shattering with one word. That’s all it took nowadays. Steve kicked away the thin sheet they had managed to curl up under the night before, finding the other half of the bed void of his partner. Running on instinct now, the man rolled out of bed and reaching for his shotgun on the bedside table- gone. Where was it? How was he supposed to save Bucky? Steve pushed his way into the living room of the dingy apartment they had set up camp in, finding his lover standing beside the couch with his arms crossed. Seeing no immediate threat, Steve blinked in confusion. “I don’t-“
“Cut that shit. We both know you aren’t threatening me,” Bucky snorted as he reached for a glass on the shelf. Steve refused to admit he was right; there wasn’t a bone in his body that could hurt his best friend. And even if there was? Bucky was trained enough to have Steve flat on his ass before he could pull his pistol. Steve only surrounded himself with the best. “You’ve been blowing off this meeting for the past four months, and you’re now running the risk of offending Howard. I don’t think I need to explain to you why that would be bad for you and this entire operation,” Bucky continued.
“No, they are not.”  She deadpanned, glaring at him over the top of her sunglasses before she turned to glance up and down the row of cars waiting in the rideshare stand.  “We’re looking for a red CR-V.”
She waved him off.  “The start of the season is hectic for veteran players.  I’m sure that goes double for you rookies.  Miss Romanoff had said--that is--she made it seem like you were interested in doing some volunteer work with our organization.”
Steve swallowed the last bite of his burger and licked a dab of mustard off his thumb.  “I think that random undrafted free agent is what I’m most...not worried about, but…”
to be an adult.  And if ESPN sticks their nose where it quite clearly doesn’t belong, I want to work through that together too.”
Tony motioned Steve over to the tee.  “C’mere. I’ll show you.” Steve stepped over and Tony started tugging him into position.  “Like this,” he murmured.
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Pretty sure Tiger Woods is safe from the likes of me.”  He dropped his club back into the rack only to have Tony pull it right back out again.
“You’re free for tonight, but Erskine has a couple more prospects who aren’t first round material here this weekend,” she continued, apparently oblivious to his silent panic.  “I gotta babysit them since Abe stayed back to man the farm.” She squeezed his arm. “Celebrate, but don’t do anything stupid. You know the drill.”
“Give me something to listen to on my ride home, then,” Steve said, then passed Tony his phone, Spotify open on the screen.
He watched as Sam took in the two already-prepared dishes and the one Steve was making for him, and he watched as the wheels in Sam’s head started turning.  “I...did I miss something?  Who’s here?”
Back at the house, Sam went upstairs with a tired “don’t wake me up unless the building’s on fire.”  Alone, Steve hustled through a shower and repacked his bag for tomorrow before he went downstairs in search of food.
published candid pictures of my parents and me on vacation and called me the most photogenic toddler of the year.  My first televised interview was with Carson when I was ten.  Because my dad’s newest missile wasn’t as interesting as his smartass kid who was about to start high school.
“Sorry,” Sharon said, looking up from her screen.  “Everyone’s trying to rush things in on a Friday afternoon.”  She smiled.  “So, you and I are going to have a chat.  Wanda will take some pictures while we talk so she can post a few photos on our Instagram with a link to the writeup I’ll do.  Then you’ll be out the door until Monday.  Sounds good?”
“Coolers are under the patio,” Fitz jumped in.  Someone had put peel and stick letters on the three coolers Fitz pointed out that said BEER, SODA, and WATER, respectively.  “I don’t think we’ll need the ice yet.  I’m about to go back in to try to find my teenage child who seems to live on Fortnite these days, so I can take it.”
Steve poked him in the sides, making Tony jump and laugh.  “You know what I mean.  You don’t do anything just because.”
“I’ll say,” Toni huffed, approaching the counter and empty the contents of his bag. “One roll of bandages, four cans of expired soup, a box of shotgun shells, and…what is this, a sketchbook? Lame, you can keep that.”
The change in his demeanor was, again, abrupt. His fingers, which had been tracing the words on the first page of the contract, paused, before clenching tightly in a fist. His jaw was working furiously as his teeth grit together, though his eyes had yet to leave the files before him. Toni honestly couldn’t tell if he was trying to calm down or trying to think of a comeback. Finally, he looked up to level his cold glare on Toni. “You do not have to be here for me to read these contracts, Ms. Stark. I may not have attended an expensive boarding school like you, but I still learned how to read on my own just like everyone else.” Ah, so it was a comeback.
"I’ll relax when this factory is in burning ruins and we have our boys back." Steve huffed, not bothering to shrug Thor away when the blonde rested a large hand on his shoulder.
Tony grinned and turned to reply but Steve was quick, using an ankle pick to toss Tony onto his back before straddling his waist. “You should really pay attention,” he huffed, crossing his arms and making no move to get up.
“No, you could’ve. But you chose not to,” Natasha turned for the door just as Steve stepped into the room, and Toni couldn’t tell if it was coincidence or planned on Romanov’s part. “I’ll be upstairs to see if Banner needs any help.”
Steve smiled, a small, loving and bashful little thing. Neither of them needed to specify to who. “Yeah. Not legally or anything, but we’ve been together long before this outbreak. Known each other since we were kids. A year ago, we decided it was official enough to us and I don’t think there’s anyone I’d rather go through this hell with.”
There was a snort. “And yet you saw the way she ran out earlier. She was spotted in Brooklyn this afternoon, visiting Rogers’ estate.”
"Stane thought I needed a little motivation. Every time I fall behind or act out of line, he’s going to blow up a room," Tony whispered and looked down.
“My sources tell me that Rogers is getting jumpy. He’s so blinded by panic and anger that he’s taking anything as evidence.” A leather shoe nudged Bucky’s bare foot, testing. The voice spoke slowly and languidly; it was another familiar voice, but harder to place. He hadn’t heard this one in quite some time. “He’s already suspicious of Stark, we just have to wait for him to make a move. Maybe force his hand a little. Then we’ll dump the body in Manhattan to put the final nail in the coffin.”
She stopped again, fiddling with the laces on her boots and Bucky had a sinking feeling the trip to the airfield didn’t end well. “Your father…was he bit?”
Toni knew little about Steve’s past, but there was one thing she was sure of: Joseph Rogers was a sore topic for the blonde. She knew little of his father other than hearsay, seeing as he operated the Rogers family business long before Toni came to the scene, but the general consensus was that the old man was drunk with an inability to handle money and a heavy hand. She didn’t know what made her poke at that wound, but Toni had come to believe that, with her enemies (and she fully recognized Steve as her enemy), it was easier to hit them first before they hit you. And she and Steve
The Obscurely Cool Tunes playlist is real.  One of my coworkers made it and every song on there is, according to him, something everyone knows and belts out without shame, no matter who you are.  He’s not wrong.
Additionally, yes, I am aware that literally no pro team says what they’re going to do in real people words while they’re in the huddle.  But what the fuck does “Hulk double stack” mean to you?  Nothing, right?  Also, yes, the quarterback has a radio in his helmet.
“I saw you on TV,” Rashad called as he started digging through the special order shelves looking for Steve’s parts.  “You looked good.”
“Come to mine?” Bucky offered instead.  “I don’t like to leave the cat alone on nights with fireworks, and I’ve already got some of the guys coming over for the same kinda grill and chill.”
“Money and weather.”  Steve picked at a loose thread on the seam of the couch cushion while he tried to figure out what to say that wouldn’t sound deeply self pitying. “I like sunny weather and not having student loan debt. Texas made me an offer that meant I could have both.”
The oven timer going off jolted Steve back to reality, but after he’d retrieved his dinner from the oven, he couldn’t resist sending Tony one more message.
*Rocks up a fucking *month* later with Starbucks* "What's up, y'all?!"  And now for the ACTUAL notes...
Bucky shrugged.  “Sure. Gotta look out for my squishy new quarterback.”  He slapped his hand against the doorframe. “We’re outta here.  Take care of yourself this week, punk.”
Thanks as always to Betheflame and Kestrel337.  If y'all had any idea how often I pop into their lives with sentences that start with "hey do you think Steve..."  They are legit saints (not New Orleans Saints though)...sorry, I couldn't resist.
“No, why would I?”  Steve flashed him a quick smile.  “Just don’t move all my stuff six inches to the right.”
Once the door shut behind him, Carla rolled back, stencil and razor in hand.  “That was lucky,” she said with a conspiratorial smirk then bent to start shaving the skin under his collarbone.
Steve shrugged.  “No turning back now if I’m not.”  He smiled over at Coach Phillips’ wife.  “Mrs. Phillips, it’s nice to see you again.”
The entire block of Las Vegas Boulevard in front of the Bellagio had been closed off and turned into seating for the Draft.  A floating stage had been constructed in the middle of the water, and the arcing display of the fountains behind the stage only heightened the dramatic feel of the setup.  Huge screens next to the main stage cut between shots of prospective draftees sitting with their families and friends and the suites inside the Bellagio and the Flamingo that had been turned into war rooms for all 32 teams’ draft selection committees.  It was beautiful and completely over the top, and as they made their way in, Steve squeezed Natasha’s hand where it rested in the crook of his arm in silent thanks for making him come.
With a whole house to get organized, and an upstairs apartment to clean, Steve rolled out of bed as soon as his alarm went off his first Saturday back in Brooklyn. After he’d eaten, though, he spent the rest of the morning wandering through the house instead of actually working.  He’d stop and pick things up, little knick knacks that had accumulated on different horizontal surfaces over the years that either he or his mom had been unable to part with. A little Liberty Bell from Sarah’s high school trip to Philadelphia. The first piston Steve had ever successfully stripped from a refurb job.  The brilliant green glass insulator they’d found at a flea market one weekend. A vividly painted ceramic skull from their trip to New Orleans the season Steve had played in the Sugar Bowl. In the office, a whole end table of pictures of her and Joe and her and Steve smiled up at him. Different ages, different phases, different moments all preserved on that table.
“See!”  He trailed after Steve around the table and slid into the chair next to him.  “Wait, schooled me?”
Steve nodded and downed the last of his coffee then set the mug in the sink.  “Yep.” He shoved his sketchbook and pencil case into his bag, checked for his wallet and phone, then grabbed his keys.  “Train?”
With a small smile and nod at the assembled reporters, he stepped from behind the table.  He figured it wouldn’t be terribly dignified to sprint over to meet Natasha where she was lurking by the exit, so he settled for covering the distance in a few purposeful strides.
The bye week in the NFL is split in half.  They know this is a money-making enterprise, so you can bet your ass all 32 teams don’t have off mid-season at once.
The drive over into New Jersey ended up being quicker than Steve anticipated, even in rush hour traffic, and in less than an hour they were turning into the Avengers practice complex on the other side of the expressway from MetLife Stadium.  It wasn’t until they were pulling into a spot at the practice facility though that the full reality of Avengers fan loyalty hit.
In the kitchen, Tony had laid their dinner out on the breakfast bar.  “You don’t mind eating out of the containers, right?”
Steve twitched his free shoulder in a half shrug.  “Sometimes.  But it’s all abstract.”  He sighed.  “I still ask myself what he sees in me sometimes.”
Steve grinned back.  “Fair.  Just because the world knows you’re Iron Man, you can’t give away all your secrets, I guess.”
“What you do with the suit’s not classified.  Not since you just told the whole world, ‘I am Iron Man’ then mouthed off to Congress about how you’d made world peace a one-man show.  What you’re trying to do with this team tends to be pretty big news too.”  Steve laughed.  “I can see you, Tony Stark.”
She released his hand and sat back, all business again.  “We’ll probably have to have this conversation with your new head coach and the PR team wherever you end up, but every club in the league will understand why this is something you want to keep private.  Is there anyone I’d need to worry about bringing this up? Well meaning family?”
She blushed and ducked her head, suddenly shy.  “Ashleigh.” She looked back up at him. “Are you really gonna play for us?”
As they made their way down the hall to the bathroom to wash up, the sound of Monty, Jim, and Gabe thundering down the stairs made Steve flinch up at the ceiling like their pounding footsteps were enough to bring it down on their heads.  “Not to be rude or anything, but--”
“Karen gave me a redacted copy of something you’d signed recently,” Steve answered.  He turned to lean up against the headboard, dragging Tony into his lap.  “D’you like it?”
Not a whole lot to tell y'all this week...I'm sure that'll change next update when pre-season action starts
“We’d never have made it without you, Coach,” Steve said as he brought the trophy back down, patted it once, then passed it back to Phillips.  “You brought out the best in us.”
Thank you for your kind comments and kudos.  They brighten my day whenever I see them in my inbox.  Feel free to come flail about sports, Marvel, or sporty Marvel over on my tumblar (longhornletters).
Sam rolled his eyes.  “This may come as a bit of a shock, but we’re friends.  I care about what happens to you.”
“Cherry red like this deserves whitewalls,” Tony agreed as he reached out to run his hand gently over the cracked paint on the rear wheel fender.
Back in his room, he went back to his desk and picked up Natasha’s card again.  “She said ‘call me anytime,’” he murmured to himself as he grabbed his phone and dialed.  He listened to it ring until it clicked over to voicemail, then took a deep breath and spoke his willingness to discuss representation to the empty air of his dorm room and the silent ear of her voicemail.
“Oh, just ignore Tony.  He can’t help talkin’ like he does,” Bucky said, elbowing Steve as he passed.  “C’mon boss, don’t scare the new guy.”
“There’s literally slot machines in the airport,” Steve pointed out as he and Natasha made their way through a packed McCarran airport.
Tony looked up at Steve from where he’d been kneeling to peer at the engine, clearly impressed.  “Oh really?”
“Yeah.  Did you know he’d never played football in his life till he came to the states to throw hammer for Wisconsin’s track and field team?  The other linemen had to teach him the rules.”
Steve jolted at the sound of the cultured and detached voice coming from...well...everywhere, he supposed.
Steve shuddered and arched into the feel of Tony’s mouth as he ran his hands down Tony’s sides.  “Jesus that’s…”
.”  Steve sighed.  “She loved that book.  Said it was the first, best superhero story she ever read.”
Third and four was always a strange down and distance, Steve thought as he consulted the cheat sheet on his wrist.  It always felt like a long run play but a short pass play.  He called for a play action, hoping the way the Serpents had focused on stopping the Avengers’ rush game would open up some mid-range throw options.
“Jesus God!” Steve about jumped out of his skin at the sound of Bucky’s voice in his ear.  “Could you not be weird for like two seconds?”
“You want me to run these where they need to go?” Bucky pointed at the boxes.  “I got my car. I can bring back lunch too.”
“God preseason is the worst,” Bucky jumped in.  “I think the only time the tackling is more hands-off is the fu--freakin’ Pro Bowl.”
“Mr. Rogers, how are you feeling about getting drafted by the Avengers?”  The young lady from The Post asked, turning her phone towards him.
He’d nodded dumbly at her, and she’d just laughed some more.  He’d wanted, so badly, in that moment to give shape to the nebulous anxiety that swirled around the intersection that seemed to exist where his personal life met his public life, but before he could, his mom had just hugged his arm a bit harder then resettled herself.  “The right person will help you find the right balance.”
Steve stood to follow, leaving his shoes behind in their spot next to the couch.  “You can do this,” he muttered.
Thank you to each and every one of you who comes back week after week, reads, leaves kudos, writes such kind comments.  Y'all truly give me life :)
Thanks as always to the inimitable betheflame and kestrel337 for awesome beta and cheer help.  I would not be nearly as entertaining without them.
“Are you…” Tony slid his hands into the front pockets of Steve’s pants from behind.  “Are you asking me to spend the night?”
“What nosy personal stuff?”  Natasha instantly stiffened. “What am I going to be dealing with, Rogers?”
“Hmm?” Tony hummed, but Steve didn’t answer, already asleep.  His slow, even breathing eventually lulling Tony down too.
“For the most part.  One of the girls I went to high school with, her dad runs a restoration garage.  He hired me to answer the phones, but let me start actually helping after I finished my first auto tech class.”
It is an actual expectation for many players (especially if they’re household names or on the way to becoming such) that they make themselves available to members of the media every day they’re at work, sometimes for up to two hours (YIKES).  This means most players are expected to curate their image EXTREMELY carefully.  ESPN can’t fill 24 hours of coverage on their own, people.
He found an album on the shelf under the table, and when he opened it, his tiny junior high self smiled up at him wearing shoulder pads so big he looked like a turtle hiding in its shell.  Next to his picture, his mom had written in her steady hand
Tony rolled his eyes.  “Don’t be obtuse, it doesn’t suit you.”  He propped his chin on top of his hands folded across Steve’s chest.  “The guy who...who’s willing to show people that the five in any locker room’s a real thing.”
Steve rolled his eyes and turned back to the oven to check on his food.  After he’d turned out the oven light, he picked his phone back up.  Tony had already answered.
“He’s...he was good with the multi-prong offense Ohio State was running.”  Steve shrugged.  “You know the kind...cut off one route and it feels like there’s two others that jump up to replace it?”
Steve set down his trophy and the rose Dallas had given him.  “Promise, Coach.” Phillips passed over the shockingly heavy Waterford Crystal football, and for a moment, all Steve could do was stare at the way the stadium lights refracted through the beveled edges of the cutwork.
“This means,” Danvers jumped back in, “you’ll be getting the majority of the reps in practice this week and we’ll be building the rest of the game plan around your strengths.  Fitz will go on light reps, and Isaiah will keep working with the practice squad until we leave on Saturday.”  She grinned at him.  “So?  What do you think?”
“Sure.  I did promise you dinner and a movie.  I just didn’t say what order they’d happen.”  Tony steered Steve into a surprisingly cozy room and pushed him down onto the couch.  Steve went willingly and let the springs of the couch bounce him gently when he landed.  “How do you feel about horror?”
“What’d that sandwich ever do to you?” Tony asked, poking his fork at the slaw Steve had set aside to save for last and stealing a bite.
She motioned him towards the front row of seats where her bag leaned next to a pair of chairs that had the little desks pulled out.  He wriggled into one of the chairs, sucking in his abs to squeeze around the desk. She slid smoothly into the other seat, pulling a slim notebook and pen out of her bag.
“Hey, hey.”  Bucky grabbed the corner of the hammock chair and tugged it towards him.  “You are way more wound up than this question deserves.  What’s goin’ on, dude?”
“I know this isn’t exactly a Midtown penthouse, but…” Steve used the pretense of gathering up their dirty dishes to avoid having to meet Tony’s eye.  “I have a spare toothbrush in my medicine cabinet.”
Sam just rolled his eyes.  “Sometimes I wonder.  Hear about you ending up all kindsa places I wouldn’t expect.”
Handing Steve another box of clothes, he shook his head.  “Didn’t matter what kind of rattrap we were staying in, bedrooms all had some kind of closet.”  He glanced around the tidy master bedroom with the sun streaming in through the bay window. “Never any place like this.”
“Mr. Stark,” Steve cut in with a small smile.  “I’m sure it’ll be fine. I have a place. I would appreciate those contacts though.  It’ll be easier than having nothing and trying to round them up one by one.”
“That’s part of what made him hard to get a handle on.  He’s not afraid to become a run option himself.”  Steve gestured towards the Serpents’ sideline.  “Plus, Schmidt seems like he’s running a similar style of offense to what Rumlow left, so there’s less of a learning curve.”
Once they were settled, Tony watched Steve take the first bite of his burger, clearly anxious for the verdict.
“Well, I can see you’re going to be a dream to work with,” Sharon said as she finished typing his final responses.  “You know how to keep yourself edited, that’s for sure.”
to be,” Tony retorted smartly.  He glanced sideways at Steve.  “Look, there’s a reason I didn’t try to lure you into bed right after the Draft.  Or either time I came over to your place.  And why I don’t plan on trying to tonight.”
“You ready for this?” Phillips asked as he and his wife slid into the seats on Steve’s other side just as the lights over the seats were beginning to lower.
“Honestly?”  Steve shook his head at the memory of the look on his mother’s face when he’d brought home the parent packet for seventh grade football.  “Because it made my mom mad.  I’m pretty sure the only reason she said yes was because she figured I was so scrawny no coach in his right mind would ever put me in the game.”
Steve glanced at Natasha for guidance, but she just shrugged.  Up to him, then. “I...uh...I guess so.”
“And here I was all set to apologize to you,” Sam said as he sidled up to lean on the counter while Steve tidied.  “I didn’t mean to embarrass you, but I did.  I’m sorry.”
“Goodness gracious, what have you been up to all day to get so...Esquire-photoshoot disheveled?” Tony asked from his spot leaning against the kitchen island
“Sure, I bet every player here has some pet theories, but you sound like you’ve got actual intel,” he pointed out.
Bucky shook his head and tucked the ball under his arm.  “You know they don’t bring that out if you’ve just skinned your knee.”
in finding fur-ever homes for our animals.  Come on down to Prospect Park and meet your new furry friend.
Also, please remember with me the sturm und drang when Michael Sam came out right before he entered the 2014 draft.  Yes, he was drafted, but the Rams cut him, Dallas picked him up and then waived him, and by 2015 he stepped away from professional football citing his own mental health (800% understandable).  In my head, Steve plays in a universe where this happened, so he’s very well aware of the price of being out in the NFL.
A soft knock at his door forced him out of his seat.  Natasha was standing on the other side. He couldn’t really explain why, but he was glad to see her, so he waved her in then retreated back to his armchair. He caught a glimpse of her trailing her fingers over the edge of the MVP trophy peeking out of his suitcase.
“Home,” Steve insisted as he tugged his coat back on.  He hugged Carla and kissed her cheek.  “You’re the best.  Thank you.”
Over half an hour later, Sharon finally stepped in to wrap up the postgame presser.  She thanked Steve for his time as he escaped the podium and the whole press room.  He didn’t think there were so many ways to ask the same handful of questions.  Repeatedly.  He supposed each outlet didn’t really want to run the quote someone else had gotten, but he could only say “we’re hoping for a quick, full recovery, but we have to wait for what the doctors say” so many different ways.
Steve mentions self-harm at one point, and while he's mostly joking, that's a really *really* dark thing to say.  I read several articles and essays while I was working on this chapter written by former NFL players who came out after they retired and, to a man, they all described the deep depression of having to work so hard to stay closeted.  This is a real issue among professional athletes, not only athletes who are struggling with their sexuality.  Please feel free to skip from "'Oh, definitely,' Bucky agreed with a nod" to "'Hey, assholes,' Dugan shouted..." because your health and wellbeing is the most important thing.
“Now you, Stevie, come on.”  Steve laughed and held his rose in his teeth when she turned her camera on him.  “Did your mama come, Steve?” she asked when she’d exhausted her shutter finger.
The Bengals didn’t even take their full ten minutes to announce they were taking Joe Bush, and as he made his way to shake hands with the owner and brand new head coach, Steve leaned over and murmured to Natasha, “He’s going to have his work cut out for him.”
Betheflame and Kestrel337...y'all, I'm not even kidding about these two.  They make this story snap.
Even though he wasn’t playing, Steve helped Fitz throw warmup routes and ran practice plays to get the defense moving in sync.  For the most part, Steve kept his eyes on what he was meant to be doing, but he couldn’t help but notice Tony as he made his way back around to the Avengers sideline and hung around for the entire warmup.  At one point Christine Everheart materialized next to Tony, mic in hand and camera man at her side, and the inquisitive inflection in her voice made Steve double down on his attention on the field.  Tony’s answering tone sounded flippant, but the way he looked down the field, scanning until he caught Steve’s eye, was anything but.
He sighed.  He really didn’t want to give ESPN anything to chew, regurgitate and misinterpret until something more interesting happened.  “This night is about my team. We’ve worked so hard, so we’re just going to enjoy this win.”
“Well if it isn’t tiny Steve!” Rashad, the owner, said when Steve stepped through the door.  “How’re things?”
“I’m gonna go...do...stuff,” Clint slithered past her and out to the relative safety of his teammates.
He finally succeeded in dislodging Sam from his back by doing a full out pushup, laughing as Sam fell on the bed with a startled squawk.  “I’m 219 years younger than the country, thanks.”
When his phone went off twice in rapid succession, Steve finally set down the screwdriver and directions and grabbed his phone off the dock.
Back home, Steve was still in the process of getting food when Sam came trotting back downstairs, dinner in one hand and movie in the other.
He downed the rest of his drink then held up the little container.  A soft shushing noise was the only indication that anything was in it at all.  He unscrewed the lid, and was surprised at the little tray full of white crystals sitting just under the lid.  Lifting out the tray revealed the rest of the container was filled with raw oats. He licked his pinky and dipped it in the white stuff, and sure enough, it was sugar.
Steve sighed.  “I can’t do that until our season is fully over.”  He folded the desk back into the arm of his chair and stood to go.  “I’m sorry for wasting your time, ma’am, but--”
“It’s really neat, actually knowin’ a guy on the team,” Rashad continued.  “I mean, I got my favorite players, you know that.  Hell, everybody does.”
For a while, they seemed to.  Steve and the offense didn’t quite make it into the endzone on their next two drives, but they did squeeze into Clint’s range for another field goal.  On the other side of the ball, the Howlies were holding the Serpents’ offense to similarly paltry drives and, thankfully, no points.  Just before the two minute warning, however, Jasper Sitwell, the weaselly running back the Serpents had been using to sneak in critical gains, slipped through the secondary and bolted for open turf.  Monty and Dernier took off after him, but he stepped out of the shoestring tackle Monty put on him and into the endzone.
“You ready to rock and roll?” Sam asked, tromping down from the third floor apartment, bag slung over his shoulder.
Natasha sighed, breaking him out of his thoughts.  “What am I about to be dealing with here, Rogers?” she asked gently.
“That good, huh,” Tony said around a bite of what looked like pink pasta.  He let Steve take a couple more bites before he tapped the back of Steve’s wrist with the handle of his fork.  “So talk to me.”
Steve laughed down at the pages explaining what the shop wasn’t liable for and how if he failed to give his new art proper aftercare it would ruin both the piece and his health.  “Carla did my first tattoo.  And it’s beautiful.  So I wouldn’t go anyplace else.”
Steve tugged Tony in tighter and kissed him again, deepening the kiss when Tony sagged boneless against his side.  Tony’s hands crept up and around the back of Steve’s neck until he could drag his fingers slowly through the super short hair at the base of his skull, making Steve sigh lazily against Tony’s lips.
As always, thank you to the incomparable Betheflame and Kestrel337 for wrangling my silly ass.  You two are the actual best.
“Okay then.”  Tony pinched the meat of Steve’s forearm then waited until Steve met his eyes.  “I’m...not in my twenties anymore, and I promise you I still let my mouth run away with itself.  All the time. You didn’t mean what you said the way I took it.”
Steve ran his hands through Tony’s hair again, and Tony hummed with pleasure at the feel of Steve’s short, blunt nails where they scraped along his scalp.  “I know I said the first time I kissed you that discretion was the better part of valor--”
“Jesus.  Might as well have flown us into town in the Iron Man suit if that’s the alternative,” Steve teased as he slid into the passenger seat.
“Raising awareness for Play 60,” Steve answered.  “And donating bikes and school supplies to cute, underprivileged kids.”
“That--that really means a lot,” Steve said, smiling at her.  He turned, finally, to the third person the Avengers had brought to announce their first round draft pick.  “Mr. Stark, I…”
Steve stewed silently next to Natasha while she checked them in and worked her magic to get them rooms right next to each other.  He knew he needed to tell her his mother had died, but the idea of explaining something like that to her in a crowded hotel lobby made his stomach turn.
It didn’t take long for Bucky to return, a massive duffel bag thrown over his shoulder.  He set it down and unzipped the top to reveal six footballs standing neatly on their points inside.  Alice grabbed one out, and a few other kids darted forward to grab balls out of the bag too.
Sam was sitting in front of his own locker, fiddling with his phone, but also clearly waiting for Steve to come back.  “How did your
“You sure?”  Brennan pressed, “I feel like that’s something a guy with a secret girlfriend would say.”
He sat at the breakfast bar in the kitchen and drank his coffee and played around with mimicking some calligraphy he’d seen in a stationery shop window when he’d been out grocery shopping while he waited on Sam.
‘Don’t waste it’ turned into a slog of a drive that kept extending to third downs, draining precious time off the clock.  At third and five on the Serpents’ 33, the booth dialled up the same play action pass play that had ended with Steve having to throw the ball away.  This time, it was Rollins who got the drop on the play, bursting through the line right as they went to shift the block.  Steve took off running and pumped the ball, trying to find an open man downfield.  Neither Sam nor Scott had shaken their defenders, and T’Challa was too far into the fake to still take a pitch out.
“Let’s see, that’s Tim Dugan, but literally everyone calls him Dum Dum.  That’s Gabe Jones, Monty Falsworth, Jim Morita, and Jacques Dernier,” Bucky said, pointing to each of his companions as they followed him into the house.  “And we’re here to help with whatever you need.”
“I do.  I work for an old colleague of his, Abraham Erskine.  Erskine hired me to, in his words, ‘give people who know what they’re looking for exactly what they need.’”
Steve wrapped Wylie’s leash around his hand so it couldn’t slip out of his grasp while they ran, and Bucky grinned at him.  “They’re gonna love this.”
After bolting his food, Steve forced himself to ignore the little red number on his text app and instead dialled Natasha.  Best to get this over with, whatever she’d have to say.
Steve reeled him in with his free hand and kissed his temple.  “Of course you are...still doesn’t mean you’re good at teamwork.”
Instead of resuming playing with Tony’s hair, Steve squeezed Tony in a tight, fierce hug.  “I’m not gonna let her, or anyone, turn you into some Jessica Simpson.”
Eventually Tony left too, claiming companies that were world leaders in consumer tech and clean energy didn’t run themselves.  Steve had walked him out, laughing as Tony had batted his eyelashes at him and thanked him for letting him come over. He’d gone back into the office and spent a couple more hours getting the desk cleaned out and set up how he wanted it and wiping down his old whiteboard.  When he’d gone to hang it up in the nook he’d picked out for it, he realized this was the first season he wasn’t worried about just surviving his first week back. The prospect of dinner with Tony, spending time with Tony, even if they were both working, that was going to carry him through the week.  He could already tell.
Steve turned around and shot Tony a sideways look.  “Check the middle drawer.  Notecard with the password should be towards the back.”
“Any insight?” Bucky prodded.  “His preseason film’s not really a match for what we’re seeing today.”
Steve draped his arm around Tony’s shoulders and tugged him in close.  “Sam’s gonna sic Cage on me if we wake him up.”
Y'all know this drill by now.  Betheflame and Kestrel337 are amazing human beings who make my writing infinitely better.  A special thanks to JehBeeEh for helping me out with "hey, is this too football jargon-y?" this go round.  Y'all all deserve a Walter Payton patch on your jerseys.
“Sam.” Steve took a breath.  “I owe you an apology.  I--I shouldn’t have misled you about Tony, and I’m sorry.”
“Is this a swimsuit kinda party?” Sam called down suspiciously quickly after Steve shut off the shower.
He took his focus off the suit, and finally really looked at Tony.  Tony who had clearly come straight from work since he was still in a beautifully tailored three-piece suit with a bright white shirt that made both the smooth grey of his suit and the deep red of his tie snap.  Steve almost laughed at the fact that Tony had on sneakers with his suit, but a closer look told Steve they probably cost more than all his bills for the month combined. Tony slipped on a pair of sunglasses with red-tinted lenses now that he wasn’t encased in metal, and made his way over to where Steve was spread out on the back patio.
“You’ve probably got some sweet girl waiting for you back home anyway,” she dismissed with an effortless wave.
“Mmm, yeah,” Steve murmured, still feeling deliciously slow and content where they were laying on the couch.  “I’ve never made out in the movies.”
He stared at Steve for another second then closed the lid on his dinner and got up to stash it in the fridge.  He came back with a smaller container with a pair of cannoli in it.  He waggled the box at Steve.  “Happy early birthday.”
Steve nodded miserably.  “And you know it’s bad if there’s been talk of people coming out in a group to ‘share the backlash.’  Why should there be
Steve cringed.  He’d hated dealing with the media in college.  He knew it was only going to be worse now though.  The expectation that he be available to the media every single day he was working made his stomach clench.
In the fumble, refs can’t call what they don’t see, and pretty much anything goes at the bottom of those turnover piles.  Yes, that includes biting.
Tony squeezed his arm, refusing to let go as he typed with both hands.  “No problem.  Your home?  My home?  The guy in seat 4F’s home?”
everything seemed.  “Shoot to Thrill” blared over the stadium’s PA, and fans decked out in their red and gold finest gathered at the barricade separating the stands from the field, clearly hoping to catch the eye of their favorite players before kickoff.  Steve recognized the group of guys in their jerseys and firemen’s helmets from prior weeks, but Bucky peeled off from where he’d been walking with Steve and Sam to go talk to a group of ladies all wearing his jersey.
“And hey.”  He squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “Don’t worry about Stark. He talks a lot and he’s kinda...ostentatious, but he’s not a bad guy.”
They stepped off the escalator, and the second Steve’s feet were on solid ground a trio of guys in Denver jerseys were shouldering through the crowd towards them.  “Steve Rogers? You hoping to end up in Denver?” They picked up the pace a bit, dodging a couple arguing about how much was too much to lose playing Texas Hold ‘Em and a family with a toddler mid-meltdown, and popped out onto the sidewalk into the midday heat.  The Denver fans didn’t bother following them out. Steve assumed they weren’t as interested in getting his answer as he was in not having to speculate about it. Especially not in a venue that could easily end up on Twitter.
to be that.  What you need, but...” he clenched his hands around the container and shrugged down at the table, unable to articulate the helpless uneasiness that chewed around the edges of his attention every time he tried to picture himself on an NFL field.
“Not necessarily.”  Tony turned and started walking the direction Steve had been headed.  He looked over at Steve with a spark in his eye. “You could’ve been a Giants fan.”
Sam narrowed his eyes at him.  “Waze says to take the Holland Tunnel.  If that’s okay with you, east coast boy.”
“Okay, okay, you don’t have to tell me twice,” Sam raised his hands in surrender and sat back.  “But you gotta let her sit with the wives and girlfriends once the season starts or folks’ll talk.”
“Hey!” Steve knocked Tony’s hand away then turned his plate so his precious vegetables were as far from Tony’s wandering fork as possible.  “You want slaw so bad, get your own.” He smiled at Tony’s petulant frown then shrugged. “It’s too messy all put together. Everything falls out.”
“Gentlemen, let’s go,” the line judge said.  Fitz let Steve go, and the medical staff nodded and fired up the engine and drove off into the tunnel.
When Steve and Fitz got trotted out for the media the Friday before Week One, it felt like a shitshow from start to finish.  Questions about how they had been working together, how many reps each one of them got in practice, whether the 33-3 blowout loss against the Saints in the third week of preseason was the reason Fitz played the whole game against the Eagles.  It went on for over an hour, and while it was certainly unpleasant, Steve was making it through with relatively benign answers, but when a young man wearing a Fox Sports badge stood up and asked, “Steve, are you disappointed the Avengers aren’t giving you the chance to start while Brock Rumlow, a second-round pick, will be starting in the season opener here this weekend?”
Your kind comments and kudos make my week.  Seriously.  Y'all are the best readers a gal could ask for.  Please feel free to come shriek at me on tumblr too if you're so inclined (@longhornletters)
.”  He grinned at Steve.  “Come on, man. We’re here.  Point us at what needs doin’ and let us help.”
Sam shrugged.  “I should survive the weekend.  You know, I think Lang might actually die if he doesn’t have someone to talk to all the time.”
“But it’s good to know who a guy is off the field.  That he’s someone who was raised right.”  Rashad said and waved the scanning gun to emphasize his point.  “None of these weirdos like that Hernandez guy.”
Danvers sat in one of Fury’s chairs and patted the arm of the other one.  “Have a seat.  Let’s talk.”
to find myself in your area and I wanted to see if I could come pick you up so we could go over to mine and watch a movie?”
Steve came around the bike and leaned up against the bike seat next to Tony like every high school jock who’d ever tried to make time against the lockers with the head cheerleader.  “Not by a long shot.”
, they edit these kinds of shows for drama and interpersonal conflict, but you can’t blame everything on editing.”
Tony reared back, making a show of being affronted.  “I am a delight and a joy to all who encounter me.”
Bucky’s text the night before the adoption event reminding him to wear Avengers workout gear also served to remind Steve that virtually everything he did had a public-facing element now.  Still, he couldn’t help being a little excited about the fact that Bucky had invited him to help with something he clearly felt so strongly about.
She shook her head.  “Never finished my degree.  I figured out about halfway through that with the amount of time I spent drawing during class instead of taking notes, social work probably wasn’t for me.”
A head of reddish blonde hair poked out of one of the front windows on the third floor at the sound of Bucky’s yelling.  “Where’s he going?”
Steve and Sam thanked her and slid into seats next to each other in the second row.  “Like school and church,” Steve murmured as he dug out the notebook he always brought to team meetings and a pen.
Steve swiveled around in his seat and stared at his teammates crowded onto the narrow bed that had come with the apartment.  “You think I can’t take care of myself?”
“Jesus...no one,” Steve squawked, brandishing his elbow at Sam and holding his phone out in his extended other arm when Sam made a second dive for his phone.
Dude.  Seriously.  My hero. I don’t even care what the rent is because apartments.com is being about as helpful as a brick to the face.
think--and I’m not alone--that it got--” Tony smacked the back of his own head and made a popping noise with his lips, “got
Tony gestured at Steve.  “Look at him. He’s clearly got everything it takes to succeed as the face of a franchise.  Why would I want to saddle myself with anyone else when I could saddle myself with Steve.”
Extra special thanks this week to Starksnack for wandering through this chapter and pointing at stuff and saying "what's that?" so I knew what to put in the support document.
“Now, Steve, you listen to whatever she tells you,” Natasha cut in bluntly.  “These PR people know what it takes to keep a player on the field and out of the news for the wrong reasons.”
“Shit,” Steve muttered as he threw himself back into his bedroom and started pulling on clothes.  “Gimme a second and I’ll let him in.”
Tony turned to lean against the counter himself, mirroring Steve’s posture.  “I was going to take you someplace to celebrate making it through your first week.”
Author’s Note: I think the current FBS “playoff” scheme is crap.  So...we’re conveniently hopping back to the old-school BCS model because while it was flawed, everyone was aware of its shortcomings instead of pretending it was flawless like people seem content to do with this current model (shhh...this is just my opinion.  If you love it, it’s cool, I still love you)
“This is why I like you, Rogers.  You’ve got a head for this beyond what’s on the field,” Natasha murmured.
“Anything’s fine,” Steve answered.  He tugged the cover back down over the Indian then turned to Tony with a smile.  “Today’s my cheat day, so I’m only bound to a calorie count.”
Suddenly keeping his mom’s death private seemed like the least of his concerns.  Pity was one thing; he could handle that, and something like his mother’s passing would eventually become a miniscule footnote.  Other things, like the reason behind an extremely quiet personal life, couldn’t be so easily overlooked. Personal lives never went away, after all.
“You love me anyway,” Steve hollered back.  He rushed through his shower, ready to get his weekend started since the weekend meant two whole days of only recovery workouts and the chance to actually see Tony again instead of only exchanging vaguely flirtatious texts with him.
“Where in Brooklyn?” Happy asked, the hum of the tires on the bridge the only sign they were leaving Manhattan.
As far as I’m concerned, the Avengers gave too much away to get Steve Rogers.  Let’s see Fury solve his wide receiver problem with two quarterbacks. #Blasphemous.
The line went dead in his ear right before Tony himself appeared right next to Steve.  “Hey there, Sporty Spice.”  He squatted down then leaned over and rested his cheek on Steve’s shoulder and breathed him in.  “Yeah, you do smell like outside.”
Inside, Steve put his things away, got them fed, and then they took up residence on the living room couch, Steve idly twirling Tony’s hair around his fingers as they lay curled together.
Tony closed the last few inches between them and kissed Steve softly, gently.  It wasn’t earth-shattering.  Steve knew his lips were a little dry and a hint of the tang from the ketchup Tony had added to his burger lingered on his tongue, and Steve knew he was probably shaking too much to make him seem in any way together.  But it didn’t matter.
As they broke for the field, Steve grabbed Jamaal’s elbow.  “You’re my go-to. Hands like glue.” He nodded just once, never breaking stride.  “Three clap count,” he said to his center who nodded too.
I owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to my American Folklore professor from grad school because I used the transcription skills I learned in his course to get the lyrics to the Monday Night Football song right (or as right as I could).  I’m using the 2018 version that featured Florida Georgia Line and Jason Derulo because it could exist in any season.  The 2019 lyrics could not.  Plus...unpopular opinion time...I liked the 2018 opener.  I know a lot of folks didn’t really like the addition of two, more contemporary (less dickbag-ish), artists, but I liked them.  They brought some snap (HA) with the way ESPN decided to remix the music.
As the awards started to break up, Jamaal grabbed him and Dev and dragged them towards the sideline.  “Come on, my mama wants her Rose Bowl pictures.” When they made it over to the barricade, the three of them gripped the roses Dallas had handed them in their teeth, wrapped their arms around each other, and grinned up at Ms. Desiree as she snapped a handful of photos on the fancy SLR camera Jamaal and his brothers had all pitched in on for her.
“Well, the parts that are pre-third date, anyway.”  He pointed at the partial wall.  “The kitchen hides back there.  I think.”
Steve idly clicked the Pilot pen she handed him while he skimmed the document one last time, and when he reached the clauses they’d individualized, he started scribbling his initials next to them.  When he got to the final signature line, he glanced up at Natasha. “You sure you want me?”
“Yeah.  I mean, Joe got the Heisman, but Coach seems to think hardware won’t matter come draft time.”
As Steve went through his reads, Hopkins was the most open, a half step off his defender, so he pulled back and let fly with the pass.  He got under it, got a hand on it, bobbled it once...twice...before the free safety reached a hand in and batted the ball out of his reach.  The head ref whistled the play dead.  Instead of trotting the offense back out for the last two seconds of the game, the Serpents and Avengers all just broke from the sideline and started shaking on the game.
Sam sat down in the chair next to him and watched Steve lace up his street shoes for a moment before he spoke.  “How many games have you lost?”
“And this is--isn’t?” Steve gasped and let his legs fall open as Tony’s clever fingers traced patterns and whorls up the insides of his thighs.
“You’ll be fine,” Bucky butted in from down the table.  “Just drink plenty of water, do what Fury says, and don’t ask for a peek under his eyepatch like Barton did last season.”
All of y'all who leave kudos, share your kind words with me, who come back and read each new update (even when they take a bit)...Y'all are my Pro-Bowlers for sure.
The shuffle of their dissipating footsteps forced Steve to turn back to his head coach.  “I’m not sure who’d be here looking for me, sir. I know our practice times, so I’m not--”
Steve took the leash when she passed it over.  “Dog this size is probably hard for a lot of people though.”
Steve had forgotten just how nerve wracking standing on the sideline as a backup could be, but he’d been studying Fitz’s play style long enough now that it became easier to see him adjusting and adapting to the Serpents’ defensive schemes.   The first drive fizzled after a couple quick first downs, though, when the O-line picked up two holding penalties back-to-back.
Steve just laughed and shoved him off.  “You were there when my about-to-be agent returned my call.”
“I...my head of R and D might actually murder me if I don’t leave,” Tony mumbled against Steve’s lips.
First off, thank you for your patience with this chapter...I got to Thursday last week and it was still only half written, and I had to admit to myself that I could either force out a bleh chapter or I could wait a hot ass second and give you something worth reading.  I chose the second option.
Getting dressed felt a lot like suiting up for gameday; each piece of clothing a different piece of protection against the outside world.  The hope he’d held close, had been afraid to actually speak out loud to anyone except Natasha, was that a New York team would want him. He wanted to stay close to the neighborhood that had raised him.  His mom’s team, the Makkouks who had given him a job every summer since he’d been big enough to do the work, hell, even the kids coming out of his high school.
Tuesdays off, Steve decided, were the best.  Everything was open, but nothing was weekend crowded, so he could take his time when he ran errands, and today, an email from Pier 5 Auto sent him in the direction of what he called “his” auto parts shop in Red Hook after his morning run.
Steve set the album back on the shelf where he’d found it then nudged Bucky’s shoulder.  “Come on, I probably shouldn’t let you guys do all the work for me.”
“Oh you say that now, but what if you end up leading the league like you did last season?” One of Dot’s friends chimed in.
Down the hall and in the kitchen, outside of Tony’s immediate orbit, Steve took a deep breath and rested his head against the closed cabinet door for a moment before banging his head gently against the wood a couple times for good measure.
Steve dragged his fork through the sauce in his container, trying to get his thoughts together.  How could he explain just how precarious his position was to a man who didn’t seem like he’d ever worried about that sort of thing a day in his life.  “I’m…”  he sighed.  “It has been impressed on me that I need to be careful about how I behave off the field.”
Steve grabbed his phone to see who needed him that urgently.  A couple texts from his old boss and a small barrage from Tony.  He opened up the texts from Mr. Makkouk and responded that yes, 9AM tomorrow was fine for him to come by.  The texts from Tony hoping he’d had a good week and asking if they were still on for tomorrow but not to expect him too early because Tony was many things, but a morning person was not one of them made him smile.  He’d wait to answer them till he got home.  Where Sam couldn’t peek over his shoulder.
“Not ego if it’s true,” Steve murmured through a smile.  He ducked his head and started picking apart his meal; ‘doing surgery on your food’ his ma had called it.
Steve blushed scarlet when Tony wrapped his hands around Steve’s to show him how to hold the club so it wouldn’t slide around in his grip.  Tony’s hands were smaller than his, but their calm competence made them seem all encompassing where they settled around Steve’s.
Steve licked his lips and reminded himself that it was just an urban legend that saliva from kissing didn’t actually stay in your mouth for two weeks.  “Yeah…”
They lapsed back into silence, except for the pounding of their shoes on the pavement, and Steve let Bucky’s words roll around his head.  It made sense, Steve supposed, that face recognition would increase faster here, especially since the Avengers media team had done their introduction for the new players on social media.  This was, he supposed, the moment his life truly stopped being his own.
Thank YOU for all your kind words and kudos.  I seriously am humbled and joyed by all your kind words on each chapter.
Steve poked his head around the closet door and watched Tony fiddle with hanging up his shirt, tie, and jacket for a moment.  The neat circle of neoprene was covering his pacemaker again, but Steve’s eyes were drawn instead to the scattering of freckles across Tony’s shoulders that he hadn’t noticed before.  He smiled at the way Tony frowned down at his tie as he rolled it up to stick in his pants pocket.  “I’m gonna head back out.  Take your time though.”
Steve nodded back.  “I took the bike off the lift stand after I’d spent a day just trying to figure out what I was up against, and it slipped and hit the ground hard enough that the back tire just split where the radial meets the sidewall.”
Tony drummed his fingers against the lid of the container before turning back to the desk.  “Smart and sentimental.”
“Simple enough.  You swing for the fences,” Tony said, easy smile back.  He pointed at the irons. “Try one of those; they’ll give you more distance.”
“What’d petite and brunette want?” Sam asked when they were finally on their way home for the evening.
“Not anymore,” Tony said.  “Even if they could remove it, there’s too much scarring on my heart and my lungs have been permanently altered.  I never realized how tightly packed and finely tuned the human torso is until I had to jam a cylinder through my breastbone.”
Fury grabbed the hem of Steve’s jersey to hold him still during the two minute warning media timeout.  “We’ve only got two minutes, and you know a field goal will get it done.”
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve dropped his phone back into his backpack and started scrubbing himself dry.  “How’d today go?”
She shook her head.  “Oh, Steve.  You better brace yourself.  Nobody thirst tweets quite like female football fans.”
Steve felt the heat creep up his neck as his teammates behind him started howling about a secret girlfriend.
Steve reached over with his other hand and poked Tony in the ribs.  “Don’t fish,” he scolded fondly.
They watched the volunteers buzzing around, helping families and couples and even a few individuals meet the animals for a while in easy silence until Bucky elbowed Steve gently in the arm.  “You’re thinking too hard.”
Thanks as always to betheflame and kestrel337 for incomparable help as soundboards, cheer readers, hand holders, and ass kickers.  This fic is getting drafted in the first round because of y'all.
A moment later Carol Danvers, the quarterback coach Pepper and Fury had rocked the league by hiring simply because she was a woman, poked her head around the door.  “Have you told him yet?”
A quiet knock on the back door glass made him turn around.  Tony stood in the doorway, backlit by the light that had been left on in the kitchen.  “Can anyone eat out here, or is this the closed-mouth quarterbacks patio?”
“You can ask,” Tony agreed, a little wariness creeping into his eyes even as he curled sideways onto the couch facing Steve.
Steve nodded.  “That.  Kinda leery of some JJ Watt wannabe trying to do something flashy to make a highlight reel and getting someone hurt.”
“Hey, uh, what’re you doing next weekend?” Tony asked, pushing a knife in a slow circle on the countertop.
“Never gets old,” Fitz said with a grin as the crowd started screaming for the stop.  “Saw you had a fan, by the way.”
Sam clambered off Steve’s bed.  “I need to shower too.  You need to turn your phone back on like the big boy I know you are.”
As always, Betheflame and Kestrel337 have all my love and thanks for their fabulous cheer and beta help.  This would be a pale imitation of a story without them.
“Okay,” Hill said, clicking off the projector.  “I’ve been told we’re going to take you down to the team dining room for some lunch then you’re off to equipment and then Luke in the weight room.”
A woman with a WCBS lapel pin on her dress spoke up.  “What are you most looking forward to about playing in New York?”
Crossing the street to get away from the commotion of passersby straining to get a peek at the Draft, Steve was relieved at how little notice people paid him once he escaped the immediate vicinity.  He turned south and started walking, his new jersey tucked under his arm and the little tupperware, still unopened, safe in the curve of his palm.
They didn’t stop trading kisses until the lights raised just enough to become intrusive when the closing credits started.  Tony dropped his head against Steve’s shoulder and took a deep breath.  “That was…”
Dum Dum clapped him on the shoulder and grinned down at him.  “That’s why we play though, right? So our families don’t have to worry.”
The drumroll from the band cut them off, and they turned and belted out the alma mater with their fellow students for the final time.
He reached out and gently tapped a scar on the back of Tony’s hand with his knuckle.  “Why’d you tell people you were Iron Man?”
Steve knew Tony’s orgasm was close when his whole body tensed, priming itself to go loose, and he arched into the rhythm of Tony’s thrusts so the first pulse of his come landed on Steve’s chest.  Tony shuddered through his release, a muttered “fu--uck” marking the tipping point into oversensitivity.
Steve choked out a laugh as he collapsed back in his seat.  He hadn’t expected either Bucky or Tony’s reaction to each other, but he could admit that he was pleased at least one of his teammates wasn’t going to flip out over who he chose to take out.
Steve tucked the album he was still holding up under his arm as he closed the front door before turning back to the living room.  “I only got in last night, and no one’s been living here for almost a year.”
Fury shrugged and dropped into his own seat.  He grabbed the phone.  “Danvers, come join us please?”
“Well thank you.  That’s really sweet of you.”  She got out, and Steve came around to stand next to her.
Steve stopped where he was wiping down the countertop to give Sam his full attention.  “I put you in that position, though, which wasn’t fair to you.”
Volstagg snapped the ball, and T’Challa pretended to accept a handoff from Steve smoothly.  Unfortunately, when the line moved their blocks to sell the run, the Serpents’ other, massive linebacker Batroc broke around the end of the line.
Natasha produced a card from the back of her notebook.  “Take my card. Think about it. Let me email you the details of our standard representation.  Call me any time.”
Tony whistled.  “This is bike porn.”  He stepped over for a closer look.  “When you’re ready to get it running, I know a guy.”
Steve jolted sharply awake the next morning when all 200 pounds of Sam Wilson flopped on top of him in his bed where he’d still been facedown and dead to the world.
“Of course he is.”  Steve agreed readily.  He dragged his fingers through Tony’s hair, letting the soft slide of his fingers settle them both while he tried to figure out what he wanted to say.  “You know the saying ‘three can keep a secret if two of them are dead’?”
“Why d’you think he’s gonna be the 40-point player and not me?” Steve asked around a bite of Sam’s potato salad.
has been on do not disturb since yesterday afternoon.  He asked if I knew what your deal was and if we’d bring a couple bags of ice.”
“Why is everything covered in dust cloths?” Dum Dum called from the living room.  “You planning on just never sitting down in your own house again?”
“That’s good to hear.”  Sharon turned her attention back to her laptop, clicking around to pull up whatever she needed.  “Okay, so, I’m sure you’ve been hearing from other people the point of this sit-down.  We want to take some time to get to know you.  Both for us so we can do our job, and for our fans and media partners who are very anxious to get to know their new Avengers.”
Betheflame, Kestrel337, you're the blessing of my life.  And Stella...Stella...you're getting thirst credit on this chapter because I wrote this smut *specifically* with you in mind.
I know you said you’d be getting into town on Friday evening, but I’m on shift till 7.  If you don’t mind waiting till I’m off, I’ll bring the keys and some dinner by the house.
Bucky poked his head into the kitchen and set down a stack of plates before he clapped his hand on Steve’s shoulder.  “We won’t see you for practice till week three, but you need anything, and I do mean
He shrugged.  “Not sure. Gambling like this is illegal in Texas and New York, so I don’t really have a frame of reference, I guess.”
He glanced at a woman at the end of the front row.  “Ms Hill needs to speak with you about the off-field part of this week’s work, and then we’ll get going.”
“Would you…” the little girl’s dad flushed.  “Would it be too much to ask you to sign her dress?  She loves this thing. Won’t hardly take it off to let her mom and me wash it.”
Come out to Prospect Park Friday (7/3) from 9AM-3PM and meet the animals from Bark n’ Purr Pet Rescue.  We’ll be having our regular Howlies Rundown at 9 to kick off.
Steve watched the cart until it disappeared into the shadows of the tunnel, until Sam jogged his arm.  “You ready?”
“I built my mom a little tabletop-sized robot that would turn the pages of her sheet music when she played the piano.”
“Son, you were doing fine.”  He waved off the explanations queued up behind Steve’s teeth.  He sighed. “There’s a girl here to see you. She’s waiting in the film room.”
Wanda nodded.  “Mr. Stark said it’s important for us to remember where we came from.  What made us who we are.”
Steve hummed as he backed through the footage looking for the start of the drive.  “We needed another linebacker.  Needed Banner’s…” Steve looked up at him.  “Wildness.”
Steve nodded.  “Sounds good.  Let us know if you need us to bring anything apart from meat and beer.”
“You apparently have Bucky’s number, so why don’t you ask,” Steve muttered, ducking back into the bathroom to finish getting ready, but not before he mutinously sent Sam’s question anyway.
with anyone until your season’s over.  You and I can have a verbal agreement about representation, and then we formalize once your season ends.”
Her answering smile took on more of a forced edge at Steve’s clear refusal to play into her dramatic subplots.  She tried one more angle; the one everyone wanted to know. “So now that your senior season is over, what’s next?  Will you be entering the Draft?”
“Ew, no.” Tony agreed.  “I don’t...I don’t do any kind of body horror.  I was thinking more of something classic like Hitchcock or
.”  She stared each of them down before she continued.  “You need to realize that the definition for wild and reckless and dangerous and illegal has just gotten much narrower for you.  Going out to see and be seen at the hottest clubs even the night before a game. Those repeated speeding tickets. Stepping out on your wife or girlfriend with someone else.  Having marijuana or a weapon in your bag at the airport. While these may be the sorts of things my team and I get paid to handle, they are certainly not the kinds of things we
“Nothing.”  He sighed. “I...uh...I had a question for you.  Something they were talking about in one of our sessions that I kind of...wanted an outside perspective on.”
They traded off throwing and tackling for the kids as afternoon slowly turned into evening.  When Sam and Scott got pressed into catching wobbly throws, Steve seized the opportunity and slid back to his spot with Bucky.  Clint eventually took his turn when he got up and offered to start pooch punting for the kids.
“Okay.”  He nodded.  At least he had the whole weekend to get his mind right.  “Thanks, Ms. Carter.”
“Shift your weight from your back foot to your front as you swing.”  Tony used his hold on Steve’s hands to rock them both through the motion of the swing then released his hands with a small squeeze.  “All there is to it, Top Ten.”
High school him hadn’t looked that much different than junior high him that first year; swallowed up by his gear, nervous smile for the camera, he could hardly imagine why the freshman coach had even put him on the field.  Shooting up nearly a foot between the end of his freshman season and summer two-a-days before his sophomore year had made him gangly and unwieldy before his body had figured out how to handle the extra size, but he’d learned quick enough when the varsity quarterback had gone down with a shoulder injury mid-season and Steve got pulled up from JV.  He’d been terrified the first time he’d started in that varsity uniform. The picture of him clinging to his mom after that first game held him for a long time.
Tony hovered in for a landing right as Carla swiped off the first strokes’ worth of excess ink.  “I will never understand this whole...team ritual thing.”
Okay, so you know that fic writer meme that's been making the rounds recently on the Tumblr about AO3 authors are like "hey, sorry for the short update, but I'm working  full time and my dog died and I ran away, but here's this."  I laughed the first time I saw it, but y'all, I'm sorry for the long wait and the short update, but apart from the running away, this has been my life.  I wish I was kidding.
As the last couple of newly signed players filtered in, Pepper Potts stepped to the front of the room.  “Gentlemen,” she said, fixing them all with a confident smile. “I’d like to welcome you once again to the New York Avengers organization.  We’re looking forward to a successful season, and I’m sure each of you will find a way to contribute to that success in a meaningful way. I know you met at least some of our staff when you were drafted or signed, but you’ll get to know most of our front office personnel during OTAs and camp and, of course, during the season.  For now, though, I want to turn things over to our head coach, Mr. Nick Fury.”
“Mr. Rogers, please come in,” an attractive redhead smiled at him when he stuck his head around the door.  She came over to meet him, hand extended, “I’m Natasha Romanoff.”
Down the hall Peter had indicated, a young lady in a smart red dress stood outside the door marked Film while her partner was in the room fiddling with the computer and projector setup.  “Gentlemen,” she said with a slight nod. “Welcome to the Avengers. If you’ll just take a seat anywhere you see a StarkPad, we’ll be getting started promptly at nine.”
“Who the hell doesn’t have closets in the bedroom?” he asked in response to Steve telling him the tiny sitting room off the master was actually the closet and to just bring the boxes labelled CLOTHES to him there.
A knock at the door jerked him out of his thoughts, and when he went to see why Natasha was back ten minutes ahead of when she said she would be, he opened the door on Coach Phillips.
Bucky just waggled his eyebrows then jammed his helmet on his head and went to go listen to his position coach’s final instructions.
Before Steve could speak, Tony’s phone started ringing.  He pulled it out and frowned down at the screen.  “One second.”  He tapped the screen.  “Jocasta, what’s up?”  As he listened, Tony’s frown deepened.  “Okay, well I’m not
“You gonna head out?” Bucky asked from where he was leaning over to scratch behind the ears of a dachshund whose card identified him as Nathan.
Steve trailed a finger down the bag of ice strapped to Fitz’s knee, grimacing at the squeak of the plastic under his finger.  “You told Carol you weren’t hurt when she asked,” he said.
“I’m good,” Steve waived off the offer.  If he was about to be let go, he wanted to be able to control his exit.
“Don’t worry so much about ‘what if.’” Tony interrupted with an easy smile.  “Just...do you. The rest is all noise.”
Natasha grinned at him.  “I may have my hands in everything, but I’m not the bad guy.  Promise.” She shuffled the papers back into their folder then swatted him on the arm with it.  “Go get some sleep. ESPN is going to crawl up your ass and live there before you can think.”
“You’re damn right it was,” Sam griped.  “Every time the house settled I about jumped outta my skin wondering if it was you or an axe murderer.”  He swatted at Steve from his spot in the wingback chair next to the window.  “So where were you that you couldn’t be bothered to call?”
Thanks as always to Betheflame and Kestrel337 for superior cheer and beta help.  Additionally, special guest star thanks to Stella for some choice inspo pictures and Der Mann for exceptional laying on the living room floor and looking shit up for me...who the hell knew Flag Smasher had a real name?!  Not this gal.
“Proud’a you, kid,” Phillips muttered thickly.  Steve wrapped him up in a one arm hug, pleased he’d made Phillips so proud.
Bucky nodded.  “Good point, Dot.”  He turned to the rest of the players who’d been trickling in and getting set up with dogs of their own.  “Howlies we ready?”
saying, Steve.  If you’re with someone dramatic.  Any kind of dramatic. People are going to talk.  And if they’re talking about who you’re seeing, it becomes a distraction.  For you. For your teammates. And it becomes a tool for whoever you’re playing.”
Sharon Carter smiled blandly up at him.  “Well, obviously, at a certain point we can’t help who we fall in love with, but you always want to be conscious of who you’re allowing into your personal life.  You don’t want your narrative off the field to overshadow your narrative on the field.”
The entire team flooded the field, screaming and laughing.  Devin threw his helmet in the air, and half the defense scattered like it was a live grenade.
Not really sure why, but I always picture the Howlies being about two seconds away from having an absolute catastrophe on their hands, so why would “helping” clean a house be in any way different?
“It’s great.  Funny as hell, which is good because I don’t think I’m up for anything serious tonight.”
“Not to be That Guy, but why are you in here assaulting me to wake me up?  And on my birthday no less.”
“There’s a bet,” Tony jumped in to explain.  “Fury refuses to say what happened or show anyone what it looks like.”
By the time they made it back to Bark n’ Purr’s setup, Wylie looked ready for a drink of water and a lie down, and Steve wasn’t in much better shape.  He let Wylie back into his pen and accepted the water dish one of the volunteers handed him with a smile.  While Wylie slurped noisily at his water, Steve let himself back out of the enclosure and went to relax on the grass under a tree nearby.
Tony turned his lovely eyes, gone molten with lust, up to Steve and winked when Steve panted down at him then pursed his lips just a little tighter and slid slowly,
Steve forced himself to sink into the hammock chair Bucky pointed out to him and accept the Stroh’s Bucky passed over.
Tony nodded absently, but just as Steve turned to leave, his head popped up.  “You--you don’t mind that I’ll be in your room by myself?”
“Oh, Tony, I don’t know,” Steve demurred.  “It’s just...my old boss said he’s going to bring something by for me, but he doesn’t know when he’ll be free yet and--.”
“I don’t really know what you want me to say?” Steve asked.  “You asked if we were friends, I said yeah.”
Phillips shook his head.  “It’s fine. She works for an old friend of mine.  Wants to talk to you about what you’re going to be doing next season.”
“Okay.”  He slapped Steve on the bicep, grinning as he went to grab his club.  “Now stand back...I’m gonna clean your clock.”
Stark waved his hand.  “Tony, please. Mr. Stark was my father, and let’s be honest, someone like him had no business with this kind of control over other people’s lives.”
Sam stared straight past Tony to Steve when he reached out to take Tony’s hand.  “Sam.  Wilson.  Steve
“That’s very true.  There’s a reason we didn’t sign Incognito after he came off his suspension.  Nick promised me he didn’t need linemen that badly.”  Steve pushed them for a while in silence before Tony patted his leg to get his attention.  “But back to you.  I know you don’t think that poorly of Sam.  He seems like a real stand-up kinda guy.”
Steve glanced over at the stands and caught Natasha’s eye.  She was sitting in the front row, iPhone in hand, clearly waiting on his response just as much as this reporter.  She smirked and quirked an eyebrow at him, a silent question.
Steve shrugged diffidently down at the shirt he was hanging.  “Sometimes I’m not sure how we held onto this place.” He kept the ‘because of me’ to himself.
She scrolled for a moment before she asked her next question.  “Now, ticketing needs to know if you’re going to need season tickets in the WAGS section.  And they remind you that anyone two or over needs a ticket to enter on gameday.”
As the kids ran off to play, the rest of the adults started to filter back out of the house to enjoy the late afternoon sun.  Scott and Maggie came out to claim the bench next to the coolers, rocking slowly with a sleeping Cassie in her arms, and Clint’s wife Laura came to sit next to Clint with their baby who was also sacked out asleep.  Hopkins had claimed a seat under the patio with his mom, and Steve watched him lean in to describe what was happening to her.  The gaggle of kids who’d taken up playing with Bucky’s footballs all begged Steve and Fitz to throw with them once they really got started.
“Is that the fancy driving range?”  Steve asked. When Tony nodded, Steve shook his head.  “Scholarships don't cover that kind of thing. Seems fun, though.”
Upstairs, Tony contented himself with making a circuit of Steve’s bedroom while Steve started digging through his workout clothes to find something that didn’t either look or smell like it belonged in the bin.
“It’s only been a day, Steve. Give it time for word to get around, for people to trade information. We’ll hear something soon.”
“And here I was, thinking that gifts were supposed to be for the one with the birthday,” Toni muttered, but the man looked desperate and a few of the guests nearby were watching intently. It would be rude of her to turn him down, she supposed. “One dance,” she finally conceded, setting aside her glass and allowing the blonde to drag her to the dance floor.
Bruce huffed a laugh in disbelief, shaking his head and gripping Clint’s arm as the brother typed away.
Steve frowned slowly, ignoring that irritating feeling developing in his gut that he really didn’t want to name right now. “Well I’ll go get them before there dinner gets cold,” Steve hummed, moving out to the lab and knocking on the door before pushing it open. “Dinners ready.”
Bucky watched from the window as her town car speed off down the driveway, rubbing at his eyes in frustration before he turned away. Definitely a long day, and it was only going to get longer by night. Where the hell was his coffee?
Tony opened his mouth to reply, but nothing came out. Clearing his throat, Tony tried again. “Leave me alone,” Tony murmured, pulling his legs up and hugging his knees to his chest. “I dont want to see you.”
“Steve’s house,” Bucky agreed, dark eyes watching the slight tremor in the brunette’s hands as she flicked on her turn signal. A moment of silence filled the car, the adrenaline of escaping such a dangerous situation giving way to an eerie calm filled with tension and fear. Gripping at his shoulder and taking a breath, Bucky pushed himself forward to look around the driver’s seat and get a better look at Toni’s profile. “Are you alright?”
Steve huffed and walked over to Tony, standing behind him and grabbing the back of his neck with a large hand. Tony tensed and Steve rolled his eyes. “Relax, I'm not gonna hurt you. Bucky used to have the same problem when he fell asleep playing video games.”
Bucky shrugged, tossing a handful of hay into the fire. “Couldn’t leave you there with a fucked up arm. You took quite a fall there.”
She must have been starving; she hadn’t eaten for nearly two days now and the kickback from the medication could not have helped. Two days was nothing in this world, a world where untouched and unspoiled food were few and far between. One learned to live with the stomach pain when there were no other options. Definitely not a time for picky eaters. Bucky began pushing the cart towards aisle four, pleased with what he found there. The aisle was picked over, but it wasn’t as barren as Bucky has seen in other places. Cans still lined the shelves here and there, and he was starting to feel much better about finding this town.
The woman’s smile grew wider, something closer resembling pure elation. “Saving you was pretty satisfying, but the look on Ty’s face after I shot him? I think that topped everything,” Toni grinned, before pointing a finger at the brunet’s sling. “You’re going to have to put that revenge on hold until your arm heels, though.”
“See, here’s the difference,” Bucky started, a spark of annoyance igniting the tension he had built up all day. “Steve and I fight because we have a difference of opinion. You two fight because you refuse to understand one another. It’s just fueled by pettiness, like two children.”
“Good morning, Princess,” Steve greeted from the seat beside Bucky’s, glancing over his newspaper to smirk at Tony.
was a bold move. What would her father think when she told him that she had only met this man the night before for a brief dance? She couldn’t wait to find out, couldn’t wait to knock the man down a peg and teach him not to try and use her for his own gains like everyone seemed to think they could do- Howard continued. “You know, Antonia, I value your business advice, however much you rejected the…grittier sides of my company. Which is why I’m surprised you didn’t bring your friend to me sooner. You knew I wanted to expand in my trade, and here comes Steve like a godsend. You’re usually quicker on these leads; it’s a good thing I found him when I did.”
Tony opened his mouth, insult ready but he didn’t get a chance to use it as an all to familiar and irritating voice spoke up. “Give him back the wallet.”
Natasha sat back in her chair, studying the blonde for a moment before raising a brow. “And did you thank her yet for saving Bucky? After the fit you threw about finding him? Going as far as to accuse her father of the whole scheme?”
“As long as I have you back, it’s worth it,” Steve whispered, pressing his face into Tony’s hair. “I mean it. I love you.”
Tony woke the next morning in the lab, back hunched over the table he had been working at with the start of a circuit system cradled in his hand. Letting out a small groan as he stood, Tony stretched and winced, rubbing at his back. Setting down the wires he had been tampering with, Tony glanced over to the screen on the wall, studying the three remaining cameras. What if Bruce and the other man were dead? It was all Tony’s fault.
“He’s right. It would be better for all of us. Just… try and get some rest. Sleep off the headache I’m sure you have,” Steve said, giving her a helpless shrug before he followed Bucky into the bedroom.
Steve's fists clenched on the table, eyes flashing. "I know." he said darkly and everyone suppressed the shiver trying to move up their spines. "I had Natasha go out and look for him before she went home. Said the only thing suspicious was that the club we were at the other night suffered an explosion. She couldn't even salvage the surveillance tapes."
“You did attempt to rob us. Twice,” Steve admitted, taking her hand back into his and stroking her left forearm. “And then got hurt afterwards. Twice. You think that’s a sign?”
“In the coffee I got for you after you ate your sandwich. It was decaf and laced,” Natasha waved her hand, moving across the suite to the master bathroom. “But now you have twelve hours of sleep under your belt and you’re ready to make a fresh start at finding Barnes.”
Clint, from where he was leaned over the map of the city, glanced up, straightening out and nodding. “Cap, based off of what Hammer told us, we should split off into two teams. One to take down the factory and stop the weapons productions, the second to take down Obadiah and rescue Tony and Bucky.”
Bucky paused, straightening back out and turning to look her over. She’s decisively avoiding his gaze, instead focusing on scrapping her fork about in the can in her lap. “New York City, huh? That’s where Steve and I are from. Brooklyn.”
When Toni woke, it was to a splitting headache. She was sprawled across a dingy couch, hands bound by a cable tie synched around her wrists. She lifted herself up to her knees, reaching her hands up to touch at her left temple only to hiss in pain. “You’re probably going to want to leave that alone.” Toni’s head snapped to the side, finding two men settled on the floor by the coffee table. There was two paper plates on the wooden table, a small mound of what looked to be like beans heaped on each plate. A candle sat between her and them, illuminating the small room in an orange glow. The one was the blonde she had caught, and the other must have been his partner that nailed her in the head. Asshole. The brunet pointed a metal fork at the girl, talking around a mouthful. “Not that you didn’t deserve it.”
"I have check the explosives twice, Steven. I hold no doubts that they will set of when and where we need then to." Thor said, giving Steve’s shoulder a squeeze before leaning back. "As for Clint and Natasha’s mission, they are our best in the areas of stealth. They will get James and little Anthony back."
Steve glanced to the bar, spying Justin Hammer sliding onto a bar stool with two large guards on either side of him. “Alright, what’s your plan?"
Steve rolled his eyes and pushed Tony in the direction of his house. “Go home before I have to save your ass twice.”
Steve’s expression turned sour and he pushed himself away from his desk, standing and turning his back to her so that he could look out his window. “I wasn’t going to keep him locked up forever.”
The boss nodded patiently. “That I did, Anthony. You see, I recently figured out that you are under Steve Rogers’ protection. Am I correct?"
Steve rolled his eyes, turning to Tony. “Sorry about him. Bucky’s….Bucky. Clint’s room is right beside yours and mine is across the hall. If you need anything, just holler,” Steve said, moving to the door. He paused, glancing back to Tony with a teasing grin. “Sure you’re okay, Princess?”
Bucky jolted, finger sliding over the trigger of his rifle for the briefest of moments before he registered the voice. It was well into the night now, moonlight replacing the sunlight seeping through the holes in the roof. Bucky had been lulled by the peaceful scene, listening to the sounds of Steve’s soft snoring intertwining with the gentles flicks of the flames. The voice was quiet and raspy, tense with pain and discomfort, and yet it still sounded like shouting in the quiet of the barn. His brown eyes looked to his side where Toni was laid out in the straw, her own blue eyes watching him. Her pale features were tinted orange in the firelight, body tense like she wanted to move but either couldn’t manage the motion or was too afraid of the pain. Bucky relaxed, rolling out his shoulders and leaning back into the straw. “Well, we’re in a barn.”
Steve took a seat in his desk chair across from her, taking up the folders she passed to him. “I was,” he agreed.
There, on the tiles beneath the sink, lay an abandoned iPhone. There was a splatter of red blood peppering the floor beside it, dotting its way up the nearest wall. Steve must have missed it during his first sweep of the room. That, and the bullet hole etched into the wall between two of the sink mirrors. Steve picked the phone up with shaky hands and examined the screen. His own name was printed at the top, above a running counter timing the call. Steve glanced back around the bathroom wildly. Where the hell was Bucky?
That only encouraged more squirming from Tony. “What the Hell do you want!” Tony snapped, fighting the urge to spit in the man’s face.
Definitely male. The voice was familiar, one Bucky had heard just recently, but he couldn’t place where. It was a safe bet that this wasn’t someone he knew closely, but he’s at least dealt with before.
Tony snorted, grabbing the pliers and setting them aside. “I’m trying, Bucky, but none of this looks good. I’m stalling the best I can here but sooner or later, Stane’s gonna want this prototype finished." Tony huffed and propped his head up with an elbow, chin in hand.
Steve took point leaving the doctor’s office, both backpacks limp on his back while he nosed his way out into the street, shotgun first. The asphalt was adorned with dark patches here and there, the only telltale sign that it had rain the night before, thanks to the warm sun above. They moved down the empty street, following the sidewalk and staying close to the buildings as they approached the first intersection. The buildings of the small town had sustained minimal looting, if any at all following the initial panic at the outbreak. Doors were ajar here and there, but there was no signs of broken glass or fire damage that accompanied many of the other towns they had seen. The days following the government’s collapse had been chaotic. Every man for themselves.
Steve turned, finding the brunette in question descending down the staircase. It was possibly the least composed Steve had ever seen Toni, and understandably so. Her long hair was restrained in a sloppy ponytail, wearing a long-sleeve black shirt and grey sweatpants that must have been among the clothes Natasha lent to her. There was a faint hint of mascara smeared along her lower lash line, likely from sleeping with makeup on. The black of the mascara complemented the dark circles beneath her eyes. There was no soft curls, no pristine blouse, no sharp heel or red lip. Her bare feet scuffed the wood floor as she approached, giving the visitor a warm if not tired smile. As much as Steve felt for her in the tough time, his primary function here was to keep her safe. “Ms. Stark, my guards do not answer to you. They are here to ensure the safety of both you and everyone in this house; you cannot go inviting guests here, especially with the current situation your family is in.”
Tony swallowed, gingerly folding the letter back up and placing it neatly on the bed. Tears were filling his eyes for what felt like the millionth time that week as he moved to the door. He wanted to find Steve, to find him and talk to him. Tony pulled the door open to find Steve, leaning against the wall across from his door. His head popped up as Tony stepped out, eyes distraught and hopeful.
Obadiah growled and before Tony knew it, his head was submerged into the water, held there as he struggled for air. He felt water rush through his mouth and noise, each breath in only met by a wave of fluids. He squirmed under Obadiah’s grip, desperately trying to get air as his lungs began to burn. It was only when spots began to fill Tony’s vision that Obidiah yanked his head from the water, watching as the boy sputtered and coughed loudly.
“Give him a few more minutes, at least,” Toni murmured, her eyes slowly traveling back towards the road where headlights and brake lights blurred together in streaks of red and yellow.
Steve stood, snatching the invitation and looking it over in awe. “Bucky, you genius. You should be in this chair, not me,” Steve declared, grinning at the brunet.
Tony stared out of the dark windows, watching the street lamps pass by as they drove through the quieter part of the sleeping city. Just as the drive was starting to get a little too long, they arrived at the large Estate, marking off the richer district on the city. He huffed as he slid out of the car, feet hitting the ground as he stared up to the large house.No wonder they had so much room for everyone.
. Tell Barton to take the rooftops and have Sharon on the police scanners. Scramble the rest and have them searching through our territory.”
“You too should really just fuck and get all this tension out of the fucking air,” Bucky muttered under his breath, only partially joking. The two were so blinded by their own stubbornness, they refused to see that they could possibly find the other attractive. At Toni’s incredulous look, the man couldn’t help but flash her a wicked grin. “In my experience, it’s a great solution.”
Tony hummed as he followed the others into the house, watching with a bright smile as Natasha and Bucky flopped together onto the couch while Clint moved to Bruce, wrapping the doctor in a tight hug. Thor moved into the room, balanced on crutches but a smile in place none the less. This was where he belonged, here with his makeshift family. Away from the power-crazed men and the cold labs.
“That wasn’t the intention,” Steve argued. “I mean, yes, I did approach you so that I could win your favor over my predicament and maybe you’d pass me along to your father. But when you stormed off, I was fully willing to give up. But your father approached me.”
Steve frowned at Toni, confusion drawing his brows together. He had known this woman for three years and not once had she mentioned an interest in science or…whatever they hell they were talking about. Then again, Steve had never asked. He had no doubt in her business capability- she ran the entire business and charitable organizations that cover the tracks of Howard’s illegal profit, and that took serious finesse and ability. But for her to have hobbies? Genuine interests? Steve just never thought about it. Antonia Stark was proving to be less of the spoiled brat he once though she was, and more of an enigma every day.
“Steve, we aren’t even going to make it to the town before sundown. We need to find shelter and you need a break,” Bucky was already approaching, sliding his rifle onto his back. He wrapped one arm around Toni’s back and the other under her bottom before pulling her off of Steve. “I can handle her for the next half hour while we find a place to settle.”
She considered his statement. This sight before her, this man who has been beaten and left chained up, confirmed his suspicions. Obadiah, her godfather and the man who helped raise her, kidnapped and tortured a man to piss off Steve Rogers. There was no doubt about it; Bucky was being held in Obadiah’s wine cellar of all places. And Toni was sure Tiberius, her own
Toni rolled her eyes as she approached the front door of Obadiah’s townhouse, knocking hard on the door before she glanced over her shoulder at the blonde. His eyes were locked on his phone, scanning over his email with one hand while the other tugged at his tie. “Two hours at the most. Will you put your phone away?”
After a long silence and eternity in his thoughts, Steve jumped when a soft and raspy voice spoke up from beside him. “JARVIS, you traitor.”
It’s the first thing Bucky registers when he finally stirs, eyes cracking open to find himself laying in his dark bedroom. Brow furrowed and still drowsy, Bucky lifted his head and stared down his body. He’s shirtless, the upper half of his torso lined with bandages that concentrated around his left shoulder, the arm of which is propped into a sling. He tests the wound once with a twitch of the muscles in his arm and is immediately met with a twinge of pain. However, it’s a lot better than the pain he had felt in that cellar and on the ride home – couple that with the fact that he could now see out of both eyes, and Bucky counted it as a win. Craning his head towards his bedside table to peer at the alarm clock, he groaned.
"The bomb was small, Tony." Bucky reassured immediately. “Barely hurt the lab. Bruce and Phil came out fine," he said softly and Tony sighed, lifting himself to sit on a lab table and crossing his legs. “This isn’t your fault, Tony. None of it is. You don’t deserve to be in this situation."
“Resting. Our doctor got the bullet out and there’s no sign of infection yet,” Natasha confirmed, before she paused again. “Steve won’t admit it, but I want you to know that he is grateful for what you did. He’s been falling apart these past few days and now that Barnes is back, he’ll be thinking clearly.”
“I don’t know if you two have noticed, but the world is shit right now,” Toni spat, waving her hands dismissively. “It’s every man for themselves out here. We do what we have to do to survive and that’s what I intend on doing.”
Steve looked down, finding that Tony hadn’t moved from his sleeping position, but his eyes were open and looking everywhere but at Steve. “Hi,” Steve whispered weakly, biting his lip.
"Fuck!" He cried, kicking it to the corner and diving behind the desk as the explosion set off, the blast throwing both him and the desk back with a loud roar. And then, there was nothing but pain and darkness.
“Fuck.” Steve swallowed, the bite feeling dry and thick in his throat. He glared down at the offending sandwich for a long moment, ignoring the fact that Natasha was watching him intently even as he took a second bite. He was grasping at straws now, and if
“Hurts like a bitch,” Bucky started around a mouthful, and though he didn’t show his pain, his eyes watched Bruce’s hands as they pulled the sling away and started on the bandages. “But loads better than when I was in that cellar.”
By the time the sun has set over their small town, the trio had wheeled their shopping carts into the general store and had barricaded the entrance for the night. They had made out well during the looting, restocking almost all of their food and medical supplies. They had even managed to raid a few sets of fresh clothing from the abandoned apartments over the law office. They were now dressed in layers, which would prove to be useful as the summer weather melted away into a crisp and cool fall. Toni was the only one who hadn’t changed her clothes yet, deciding to wait until she could better move her arm before she tried changing her tank top. For now, she would stick with the thick flannel Bucky had giving her two days prior.
Tony felt tears well in his eyes. “Do you know how broken I was? I walked into that party and while everyone was yelling ‘surprise’, all I focused on was trying finding your face in the crowd. And I didn’t. I spent the whole night waiting and trying to find you at that party because I wanted nothing more than to spend my birthday with you. I was so upset to learn you weren’t there, and to find out you were with Peggy?” The tears where falling down his cheeks now. “I used to think of you as someone who would never hurt me.”
Thor moved down the steps after checking the upstairs. “My brother is gone as well. The upstairs is empty."
The next day, Steve and Tony spent their time avoiding each other. Neither of them knew how to act around the other after that kiss, and until they figured out just how they were feeling, they were content with having little to no contact. It wasn’t until dinner that they were all pulled together, drawn in by the smell of Clint’s burgers. The dinner table was filled with mindless chatter that neither Tony or Steve partook in, both rather focusing on staring down to their untouched food.
“Whatever you have to do. Keeping her out of the way is crucial for our plans. You’ve done a great job working your way in, now you just have to play the good fiancé through this mess.”
"Alright, so we know he wasn’t planning on taking Bucky. What about the bombs?" Clint asked, crossing his arms.
Moving on from the empty kitchen, Bucky trailed his way through the western wing of Steve’s house in hopes of finding the blonde in question. He expected to find Sharon settled at her desk, flipping through her calendar. What he did not expect was the round of shouting her heard from Steve’s office. His best friend’s voice was unmistakable, but it took Bucky a moment to place the feminine snarl hurling insults back in return. The moment he did, however, Bucky groaned and abandoned his coffee on the corner of Sharon’s desk. “How long has she been here?”
"He was certainly thinking about it," Tony huffed and glanced to Donovan, frowning at those cool blue eyes that were nothing like Steve’s warm ones.
Obadiah shook his head, fisting his fingers tighter in Tony’s hair as the genius jerked under him, water splashing over the tub in Tony’s frenzy for air. Obadiah pulled him up sharply, growled loudly. “What else! There was more, wasn’t there!”
Bruce slowly leaned forward, tugging Clint into a tight hug. “We’re going to get him back," he whispered softly in Clint’s ear. “I promise if it’s he last thing I do. We’ll save him."
Clint huffed, the tension leaving his body as he leaned back into Bruce and nodded. “Alright. Just…don’t lie about it next time,” he said, eyes on Tony.
Steve blinked, almost a little shocked. As a criminal boss, no one ever seemed to have the guts to snap at Steve, let alone call him out. Steve Rogers rarely showed sympathy to anyone but his men. It was frustrating because Steve didn’t only wonder why he was offering Tony sympathy, but why Tony wasn’t reacting to him the way most people did. He huffed, turning and storming out of the room, passing Clint on the steps. “Is your brother always this frustrating?” Steve hissed as he moved out to wait in the car.
Tony decides to go shopping but runs into a little bit of trouble. Could this incident be the catalyst to something bigger?
He’s pleasantly surprised when she does. “I was finishing my last year at MIT. Bit of a genius with engineering- among a lot of other things. I was home for Thanksgiving break when the virus got out.”
Their spat earlier had left a sour taste in the brunet’s mouth, and he didn’t entirely trust himself not to snap at Steve should he run into him again today. Arguments between the two were an anomaly, but when they did occur, they usually seemed to be caused by one or the other getting injured. And logically, Bucky knew Steve’s intentions for benching him were pure. The blonde had spent the past few days thinking Bucky was dead or very close to it, with no concrete leads or evidence to help him find a location. In reality, it was only by chance that Bucky had been rescued at all and reunited with his best friend. Bucky understood why Steve was edgy. He had been easily taken down while he was healthy and in his prime, what would happen if Bucky went back out in the field injured and less than 100 percent?
As another finger was bent, Hammer let out a cry of pain. “Fuck! Wednesday! Next Wednesday night!" He hissed in pain, squirming in the chair.
“Not unless you want to lug around a saddle,” Steve joked, kicking through the equipment. “Plan on riding any horses in the future?”
Clint’s hand tightened around the spatula handle, just a fraction, before he nodded to his little brother. It was one thing that Tony had obviously gotten a bit frisky with someone, but to lie about it? And to Clint of all people? Since when did Tony ever lie to Clint? The kid usually never stopped talking enough to even worry about lying. So who could have left the mark?
Toni made a face, genuinely confused by the request. “Because there is a bathroom right down that hall and Obie’s running late. I’ll be two seconds, it’s not like he’s going to show up and demand we leave immediately.”
Natasha made a sound, but she dutifully pulled into a small parking lot to turn around. “You’re going to cause a commotion.”
Tony slowly moved down the hallway, laptop in hand as he moved to the door at the end, pushing it open slowly. His eyes widened as he looked around the lab, giving a low whistle as he stepped in. “Wow, Rogers really takes care of his people,” Tony commented. “It’s like Candyland in here.”
Bucky’s eyes flicked over towards Steve. The girl was settled on his back now, still unconscious and still sickly pale. She was pressed against his back, broken arm wedged protectively between their bodies while her good arm was thrown around Steve’s neck to balance her. His husband had a grip on her legs around his waist, bent forward to prevent her from slipping. Steve was keeping pace, but he was exhausted and Bucky could tell. Split between his principles, helping his lover on the one hand and proving a point on the other, he finally groaned and slowed to a stop. “Come on, give me the girl,” he ordered, shrugging both backpacks off and dropping them on the asphalt.
Toni’s suspicions had already been confirmed just by finding Bucky locked in the cellar, but Ty put the final nail in the coffin. “He’s not going to come,” Toni warned lowly, finger sliding over the trigger. “And I’m leaving here with Barnes.”
“No,” Ty grunted, jaw clenching as he poured two glasses of scotch. “Why can’t you just wait for us to get to the restaurant?”
At that fact, Steve wisely kept quiet. The blonde took a seat at the opposite end of the table, taking the paper Bruce offered while Tony piped up. “You can have the last of my coffee,” he offed.
“He’s a bad man. He’s tortured and killed plenty of men on his own; don’t you tell me he didn’t deserve what’s happened to him,” Ty argued, taking another step forward decisively. “You know me better than you know him, Toni.”
Usually, Clint was quieter when he left at night, always careful to shut the door quietly and be back before dawn. But tonight, Tony woke to the sound of Clint shuffling in the adjoining bedroom. He sat up slowly, rubbing his face tiredly and glancing to the alarm clock on his bedside table.
to happen, probably isn’t what’s going to happen,” the brunette pointed out, packing his bag back up a hoisting it around her shoulder. “Don’t worry, the trap is set on a timer. It’ll release in twenty minutes, by which point I’ll be long gone.”
as it opened. There was the sound of glass clinking again, footsteps drawing near and Toni pushed Bucky out the door quickly. “It’s unlocked,
He was led down a darkened hallway to the last door on the right, letting out a yelp as Donovan shoved him into the room and shut the door behind him. The room was dark and musty, filled with scents of blood and sweat that made Tony shiver nervously. He felt two tight grips on his shoulders and he was suddenly being forced to his knees. “Anthony, how lovely of you to join us.” Obadiah’s voice was low and dark, his light footsteps echoing around the dark room.
“Nice to see you in a good mood, boss,” Clint mumbled sarcastically, following after the man. As the whole group stepped into the alley, Tony made his move, moving quietly down the sidewalk.
Howard shook his head. “You were worried about your friend. It’s fine. What you’re doing for me now overshadows any hurt feelings.” Howard turned to Toni, who glared up at her father with barely contained anger. She knew his points were logical, but she didn’t like it. “You can continue to help me from here, Antonia. I will make sure to check in and we will get our revenge on those two for even daring to turn on us.”
Bucky suddenly realized the true source of Toni’s anxiety. Sure, she was upset that she was lied to and found out how shady those closest to her were. But Toni’s real anxiety came from not knowing the depth of this conspiracy. If her fiancé and her godfather were in on it, than anyone could be and she wouldn’t have known any different. She had no true list of accomplices, she had no motive, and she had no idea how to plan to protect herself. “Hey,” Bucky murmured, waiting a moment until Toni finally looked back at him. “Your father had nothing to do with what those dicks did to me.”
Steve huffed, following the brunet down the stairs and out into the abandoned intersection. He kept close to the man, eyes darting around to check for any sort of danger while Bucky led them past the storefronts and towards the surrounding forest. “I say we keep heading north like we planned. We at least know from the map in the last town that there’s a community ten miles up. It’s our closest chance at looting.”
Tony gets to meet a few of the residents staying with Steve, but will Steve like how fast they're getting acquainted?
Steve frowned and glanced over the table, seeing that the men were, in fact, escaping through the back door. He watched as Bucky picked off the last two men trying to make it through the door but it shut before he could get anyone else. One of the ceiling grates on the far side of the room was kicked out and Clint dropped down onto the counter of the bar. “They’re all gone."
"Tony. He hacked a signal to his laptop," Bruce explained, crossing his arms. “We need to know what’s going on. Let’s start with the weapons Tony is making.
The bullets were flying before Steve could even try to get a glance at the weapon Stane prized, having to duck under one of the heavy machines to avoid the heavy fire. He spied Thor already moving along the wall, ducking behind each piece of machinery he could use for cover as he slowly worked towards the center of the factory. Steve immediately set to work providing cover fire, taking down each guard he came past as he worked his way behind Thor.
Steve’s jaw clenched and he stepped forward, opening his mouth in preparation to argue, but the screeching of Bucky’s chair against the floor cut him off. “Okay,” the brunet began, slipping between the two before a second argument could begin. “I think we can revisit this discussion. Would you do me the honor of a dance, Ms. Stark?”
Bucky sighed, huffing. “Fine, fine. I’ll go help birdbrain while you get to stay with the new kid,” Bucky complained, walking back to help Clint.
Tony shifted under Bucky’s gaze, sighing shakily and rubbing his face. “I gave Stane the prototype. He’s going to mass produce it tomorrow,” Tony whispered.
Loki made a face. “He took Barnes? As far as I was told, Obadiah only had interest in taking Tony. If I had known he wanted Bucky, I would’ve been more than glad to take out Barnes too for double the pri-" He was cut off by a fist to his jaw, looking up and glaring at Steve.
And Bucky actually thought Steve wanted to fix things with her. What a joke. This was the Steve she knew him to be, cutthroat and all about his business. The same Steve that used her to get to her father. Steve was a good guy? Steve meant well? Steve wanted to apologize? What a bunch of bullshit Bucky was feeding her. Probably something to keep her at bay while Steve continued to screw her over. “Listen, asshole, I don’t know what your fucking problem is, I just wanted the contracts,” Toni snapped, reaching forward and grabbing Steve’s arm to force the blonde to face her again. “Look, you want to be unhelpful and rude? Fine. Just point me towards Barnes so I can get this contracts for my father.”
“And that is all the information you have to offer me?” The boss stood, brushing off the front of his expensive suit as he slowly circled the mugger. “Not a reason? Not even a name?”
Bucky was suddenly choking on his coffee, eyes wide as he glanced up to Clint. “That was hell of a subject change,” he sputtered as Steve slowly looked up to Clint.
“Now we’re talking,” Ty huffed, pushing his way between the two into the house and towards sitting room to the left.
The boss snapped his fingers and Justin moved forward, hand the boss a laptop. The boss plugged in the flashdrive, fingers tapping impatiently while he waited for the files to upload. He sent Donovan a glare before he began to preview each file, his brow slowly furrowing in confusion.
His soft words continued on like that, and it must have been an hour before Toni’s breath finally evened out, her tears stopping and leaving her with puffy eyes and red cheeks. Only when she stilled like that then Rhodey shifted, hooking his hands under her knees and lifting them both from the bed. He carried her to the bathroom and settled the woman on the sink, petting a hand through her hair before he finally pried himself free to start the shower. “Listen to me, Toni. You are such an amazing woman and the people in your life who refuse to see that and honor that aren’t worth your time or tears.” Rhodey turned back to her, cupping Toni’s cheek and forcing her to meet his eyes. “You’re going to do what you always do: reset and come back better than ever. They don’t stand a chance against you when you’re at your worst, and you’re going to fucking obliterate them when you’re at your best.” Toni mustered a small smile at that. “So you’re going to take a shower and refresh yourself while I get you some food. They don’t deserve you mourning their loss or questioning yourself any longer.”
Tony looked over from where he was sitting in front of the dry erase board, a new equation scribbled out. “Okay,” he nodded, glancing to Bruce. “The answer is pi over 4. Child’s play.”
“I’ll kill them,” Clint snapped, looking down to Tony and kissing his brother’s forehead. “We can’t stay here anymore. It isn’t safe. They know Tony’s somehow involved with us.”
“I know you’re upset,” Natasha’s voice disrupted the quiet, her dark eyes flicking from the road to Steve and back again. “But I need you to keep a level head. We all want to get Barnes back and we will find out what happened to him, but you do have other responsibilities to take care of today. There are deliveries going out, patrols to be coordinated, and Sharon says you have a few meetings on the books.”
Steve held up a finger towards Toni, his pointed glare sending her hackles raising. “I don’t care about whose shift it is, Natasha, I want everyone fucking called in.”
Toni took a deep breath through her nose, blue eyes flicking up to meet the blonde’s- Steve’s. His name was Steve. That’s right. In the same moment she shrugged away his hand, turning her gaze away towards the dirt floor beneath her boots. The brunet- Bucky- snorted, zipping up his pack and tugging it over his shoulder. “We need to get moving. We’re wasting daylight and we’re going to need all the time we can get to hit the town and find food and shelter for the night. We’re basically out of food.”
Steve smiled, appreciating the sentiment though he found his gaze drawn towards the sleeping girl. She was so guarded, defensive and borderline hostile.
Clint sighed and rubbed his face in frustration. “Tony, it isn’t safe here anymore. I promise we’ll come back in a few weeks, we just have to find out who’s after you. Okay? Now will you please go pack?”
Natasha raised, her hands, leaning into the table and starting back on her pizza. “Just don’t wait too long, Rogers. I think I’d be the happiest person on Earth if I never heard you two argue again.”
Bucky was already gingerly taking Toni’s elbow and dragging the woman off towards the dance floor, giving Steve a moment to calm himself. She was so fucking stubborn. He grabbed his lapels to straighten his suit jacket, glaring after the two for a moment longer before turning to welcome Howard and Ty’s return from the bar.
Over the next few days after the incident, Tony refused to talk to Clint. Which was fine by Clint because it made it easier to avoid his little brother. He knew Tony would need time to take in the information and adjust to what has happened, and if that meant a few days of silence from Tony, Clint was fine with it. Besides, Tony couldn’t stay quiet forever; he’d find something to talk Clint’s ear off about sooner or later. On the bright side, Clint no longer had to sneak out at night to go to work.
“Not even here a day and he’s getting special treatment? Why do I always have to eat what everyone else is having?” Bucky complained, reaching over and stealing a forkful of Tony’s eggs, earning a dark look.
The town car peeled away from the curb just as rain began to splatter against its windows, leaving the museum and its fading benefit behind in favor of late night traffic. The backseat was occupied by Toni and her fiancé, the former biting down thoughtfully on her nail while the latter reclined his head back against the headrest. Ty’s eyes were shut, one hand perched on his knee tapping out an unknown rhythm while the other was stretched out behind Toni’s head. He seemed uninterested in the conversation at hand, though Toni wasn’t surprised.
“Oh, fuck off, Rogers,” Tony snapped, leaning down and beginning to shove the things back into the grocery bags. “Don’t you have somewhere else to be? Mob business to take care of?”
He stepped around the the back of the car, eyes narrowing as Steve grabbed his bags for him. It was like this guy would do anything to get a rise out of Tony. “I can take my bags,” he protested, shifting his computer to one arm and holding out his hand.
