"Good bye then . "He said keeping his back to the other man.  He kneeled down to his bag pretending to look for something . His heart was in his throat, and it felt like all of his organs just froze over in a thick layer of ice.  "How long have you been here ?" Sherlock asked dumbly.
"Sherlock, Dear brother. "Mycroft said his voice pained like he was talking to a child. Legally his brother was  an adult  but he was still just a child . "Doctor Watson will stay in the sweet end of discussion.  I understand you feel the need to thank the man. But I assure you.  We will think him kindly when we  return him back to his own time . "
John snagged the necklace from the strange man . He couldn't look away from the tiny frilly top hat clipped on the red side of his head. It to matched his hair and sunglass...this guy was a weirdo!
"Sh..shh Sherlock it's ok.  Come here let me get that off .." he cooed and approached him like he would a frightened child. Slowly he unclasped the gag and let it fall to the ground beside him. John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock's red swollen lips , tousled hair , and bare skin he looks so...young . John  took off his jacket and pleased it around Sherlock's small shoulders.
That ripped a sound from John Sherlock hasn't heard yet....proud of himself he pushed back moaning when John gripped his cock even tighter ...
If John wasn't living this himself he wouldn't believe it. He dug around in his pocket feeling for the cool metal of the necklace . He clenched his fingers tightly around it. This thing is his only way back home....
“ It's quite alright Lucas” he let out a quite shaky breath and walked over to the two gentlemen.  He kept his back straight and his head held high despite the growing confusion.
Then a amused laugh escaped him "My soul? "He said between chuckles . "That's cute. How about not . "John glared at the man. "I don't want to play what ever games you are trying to get at - I just need answers. "He dug in his pocket and held up the necklaces "Do you know how to use this?"
He patted his leg a phantom throbbing he hasn't felt in years curled itself around his muscles. He ran his hands over his face and laid back on the plush  satin  sheets....This is  all so crazy. Everything here looked like he was going to summon a spirit out of a  bad horror film. He mulled over it for a moment tracing the intricate design of the suites beautiful ceiling with his eyes . Was this going to work ? Nothing that crazy man or Mycroft done so far has worked. So why not give it a shot.  With a sigh John decided to began .
Another three weeks went by since the text disaster as John calls it. Sherlock and John went back to normal. John went to work for a few hours, came back to help Sherlock on cases then went out with Leeanna in his rare free time . When he wasn't  busy they texted and flirted over the phone teasing and sending naughty pictures to each other.
Remembering to  take it slowly. No matter how bad John wanted to nip, bite and suck at those  delicious lips he longed to taste for so long.
This phone call chilled the politician to the bone. Panic started to rise . "Faster."He commanded coldly to the driver .
Leaking, swelling impossibly larger  with each press of his lips,he  twitched  with each nibble .... John liked that....smirking he continued to nibble kiss and suck. While John thrusted into their hands....It didn't take long before John  pushed back and moved Sherlock's hand away "God Sherlock- k..keep this up and I might " he growled....the sound primal ,
I promise there will be smut in the next chapter. And if this seems a bit rushed sorry .Its my first smut and I am  trying to move it along so its not just you know porn .
John's heart begin to race  the moment the car pulls into the airport parking lot. The smell of jet fuel, automobile exhaust, and hot tarmac combined to assault his  senses. When he and Sherlock get out and onto the main platform  he  can  feel the thrum of the engines at takeoff and the vibration of the planes on  his skin. He can hear he whirl of wheels on marble and concrete mixed with the mechanical, yet pleasant, voice on the public address system calling for someone to go to the nearest courtesy phone, or announcing that flight 81 is now boarding at gate 11.
The towel in place. Just a thin cloth to cover- but not hide the shape and size of what's underneath. The water still dripping down his broad chest was chilling his skin...gooseflesh prickled his skin and he felt his nipples harden with the cool hair .... the camera snaps .
Don't worry we will get back to the JohnLock soon....I been having fun experimenting with characters. ( Winchesters , Crowley  and others ) I have  never wrote this much in my life .( aside from essays)  This is now my longest running anything . And I want to say thank you for all of your support and love and sticking it out this far. Though my typos and pretty bad grammar  ( not a native English speaker.) but thank you so much. Really .
John licked his lips. That was easier than he thought it would be.  Maybe he should try it with his Sherlock when he gets home. He bends down and  pulls  the  boy back into his arms. The road wasn't to far so getting a cab shouldn't a problem . They sure will cause a seen leaving like this . A grown man holding a half-naked boy.
" You can't carry me all the way home your shoulder won't hold out that long old man. It will hurt too much. You might drop me!" Sherlock complained when John started walking to the rode.
John collapses on the bed , kicks off his shoes and let's out a long sigh. " I'm going to take a nap. Wake me up if they find anything out ... " he buried  his face in the  pillow. Sherlock smiles to himself " Aright I will " He might have more time then he thought.
Dean sighed while resting his head on his bothers large shoulder. " And this needs a life force from the species from the given text. " he groans " This is why I hate time travel."
" Exactly! Something! We are not fighting off a few demons , this thing is not a stone John.  It's a... a. . something..." Sherlock sniffled  back a soft whimper. " Mycroft is never like this ...  he's sending his men.....they are already in America. "
He never been one for  burgers but right now anything sounded good . He sat across from the short-haired man and took the offered meal.
" Oh ...well I guess I should have bought something to change into." Who the hell was he kidding? He got kidnapped and sent back in time . How could he have possibly known he was gonna get covered in blood and need a change of clothes? John didn't even sleep last night. It was only four in the morning his time when he got here. How could he possibly sleep after being tossed back in time , shooting a bunch of men protecting Sherlock - a sixteen year old Sherlock from being raped....!? Now it was nearly 9:00 Am. this time. He is so confused .John scrubbed his face and went back into the kitchen and sat down at the small table.
He heard the soft knock on his bedroom door, taking a deep breath he carefully she spoke -Not trusting his voice.  “Come in John.”  He was glad when it came out even and not as nervous as he felt.
Sherlock will be alone again. He looks over at  John as he talks to the brothers about their plan....and the only thing he can think is...….
John bit his lip trying to calm himself. His whole body was shaking. His stomach was in this throat and his leg was starting to throb. Unconsciously he rubbed his upper thigh. Finally he took a breath and said "How the
Sherlock rolled his eyes and lead forward on his elbows "Could she be anymore obvious? I mean come on. " he said  rolling his eyes .
Sherlock looked affronted but he was too  tired to fight . "What ever old man . " He got up slowly and headed to the small bathroom . Something about the blonde man's voice makes Sherlock's skin tingle. He can't help but to listen to what he says when he uses that tone.Sherlock felt a sharp stab of pain from his sprained ankles but it wasn't enough to drop him just made his legs shake . He had to pause and hold himself up on the wall next to the bathroom door. John was at Sherlock's side in a moment and had his arm around the smaller boys hip. John lugged him  the rest of the way into the loo and helped him sit down on the toilet.
"Oh yes you should see the magazines I have found while looking for drugs Doctor Watson. They would make a sailor blush. " They both laugh. It was a surreal experience. Mycroft's laugh was soft like a quiet hum of a hummingbird wings. It was nothing like John imagined his laugh would be . He didn't even know this man could laugh.   If Mycroft  did John would have  assumed it would be a shrill nasally sound that left a slimy cold feeling  on his skin.
"John." He hissed quickly he fumbled for his shirt ,anything to cover himself with . It was too late the other man had seen him now he made his way inside the classroom and over to him.  Sherlock was so lost in his own head  that he didn't even see the older man walk in. How long has he been here?
The demon who carried him slapped  Sherlock's face hard enough that he fell back to the ground.   " We are counting on it! " He steps forward.
Teeth against bone, again and again as the screen in front of him flickered . Horrifying images from years ago....His brother, dear Sherlock was only about eighteen  going by the date on the hand-held video camera .
"Oh army father uh? Must be hard on him ...Who is your boy?" She asked sweetly .She followed his gaze   over to Sherlock and she let out a soft gasp " So you're the father of him-? Oh he's...something...His dances are breathtaking to watch. He's very talented .”
He still could hear the rumble of his voice... "What's going on? Why isn't it working Khoung " Came Mycroft’s voice.
" You two . Is this  your bunker ?" Sherlock asked in disbelief "I didn't know the American Men of Letters were still......alive... " John looked over at Sherlock. Did they just get sent to another band of suits?
They stay like that. ..for what seemed like hours....just looking into each other eyes , breathing each other in.
Sam patted his back "Sorry man.  So you are the only one who needs to go back home then? " John was glad for the change in subject.
John looks back at the closed door . He understands the mans  aggravation. Sherlock has that effect on people. John was also asking the same question.
The games starts. She sends one from the bathroom. She's just simply standing in front of the mirror like 19 year old taking a selfie - only she's nude. Then another from the dining room. Same selfie pose but with a wink.
He was sore and cold. Shivering he pulled the blanket closer to his body. He told himself it was the withdraws making him tremble so badly . Not the memories of the filth that held him down ran their clammy hands all over his body. Sherlock curled up knees to his chest . Every muscle and bruise pulled and protested against the movement but he didn't care.... He felt safe like this . He was safe  in his dorm dressed in his favorite  soft blue dressing gown and pajamas.
" Safer ? " Dean huffs.  " If you don't remember he tried to steal your boyfriends soul and attack us not even 12 hours ago ."
I know that the legal date of gay marriage in England   was  March  29  2014 . But  Sherlock Holmes ( sir Cannon Doyle ) birthday is on January 6.  There's not really a time line here since is already AU time travel wonky.  I just thought it would be a sweet thing for our Mycroft to do just a little something   for his little brother after watching him fall in love  with John.
John walked over to Sherlock with a soft smile. "You okay there handsome?" John teased playfully. Sherlocks whole body flushed . What is John doing here ?
And only two more weeks after Wilberforce Morgan boarded his slave ship….only to be shot and tossed in the never ending ocean.
Once he was in the safety of the bathroom he looked the image over ...He smiled , he looked like a scientific model.  Oh yeah he wins.....he sent it .....
" Sorry about about the sign . My name is Sam this knuckle head,  is my brother Dean. I hope he didn't offend you. Its just he has  been watching a TV show recently about a time traveling British doctor.-he thought it would be funny . " The long hair man said his voice trailing off exhausted.
Sherlock like this !! Searing red-hot range flashes in front of John's eyes. Shots  are fired, blood painted the walls. More shots  echoed , followed by more blood.  The sound of screams met  his ears and all  John  sees is the faces Sherlock made in the video. The sound of his painful cries begging them to stop. All he hears is the sound of those monsters flesh shoving into Sherlock's perfect cupid bow lips , into his tight little body ,that John will never admit ,but longs to touch.
He opened the message. Read it once, twice , blinking at the small screen again and again the words never changing
John watched in awe. The grace from the stone angel was beautifully entrancing . He blinked and it was gone the angels small cut was stone again. Sam closes the vile quickly and watched the never ending universe swirl around.
His eyes caught up with his scenes  in time to see an angel like statue stumble back and freeze the moment his eyes land on it. The haggard statue stared up at him wide-eyed.
Dean rolls his eyes and crosses his arms. " Synthetic grace from a shady hunter in the middle of nowhere Louisiana.  Yeah that's a full proof plan Sammy.  Drag the British dude clear across the country for a false lead. "
It had taken both Jo and Mike weeks to organize all the paperwork necessary to get ‘cleared’ for whatever this assignment happens to be .
John sat in bed it's been five minutes sinces he sent the picture.Maybe it didn't send? ...He flips through his phone .
Sherlocks ankles were starting to bruise and swell badly " Do you have an ice pack or something we can use? We need to get his swelling down... "
“ We have everything on the list.  Though I have a question about this stone- “ Sam starts,  she interrupts him .
Confused,  Lucas narrows his eyes at the man then looks over to Jo." What is going on  Jo? Who is this guy?- Henry don't want to be interrupted -"
" I am so sorry . I am normally better at controlling my reflexes! I have been nothing but a bundle of live nerves since I left London." The scruffy angle simply stared at him his deep blue eyes boring into John's.  He tilted his head like a dog trying to listen.  " Who is this Dean."
"Ah Sammy you got my pie-!" Dean made grabby hands at the tall puppy dog mammoth of a man . Sam sighed and walked over  and handed his brother the box then sat down next to him.
"Sherlock ....It's fine just "he guides his hand to his mouth and licked the inside of his palm up from his wrist to his finger tips , over the soft skin of each finger, until his hand was moist. All the while keeping eye contact with the  younger man below him.
Slowly hesentily Pitt reaches out with a soft sigh and grabs his partners hand. They were alone now..one one could see… it might be the last time he can touch his Wilberforce so Intimately without judging eyes .
When John said "into battle " he didn't expect to be attacked from behind  . A man  wrapped his  large   arm around John's neck.  Quickly John's military  instincts kicked in. He used his  left hand to grab the top of the attackers  left arm around the elbow joint. Keeping  his left arm raised out in front of him. John shot out his right hip. He stepped his right foot toward the man's  left foot and darted his right arm underneath his left arm, turning his  back to the attackers chest.  He stepped backwards with his  left foot, turning away from the attacker completely  putting his  butt into the attackers groin and pivoting on  his right foot . He than slammed the man on the concrete . The moment the man was on his back howling in pain John slammed his   foot to the man's jugular
It was a question to so many questions. ..The look in Sherlock's pale gray blue eyes gave him his answer.
"Sherlock look about the message I sent you just delete it ...I meant to send it to Leeanna. Oh god I'm sorry - this is so embarrassing . I never send pictures like that to anyone. "He continued to ramble "But she put the idea into my head and it seemed  fun and harmless...You know something between the two of us. "
"I help out in some cases dealing with this kind of thing some times "Sherlock  continued causally as if he were talking about the weather.  "  When the yard can't seem to wrap their tiny brains around it.  I look into it. "  He took his finger and curled a strand of dark hair around it ".. But most boring cases ranked  less than a  five are normally just people killing people or something equally as  boring ."
"Straight to business then" the politician pulled out his laptop , slipped a disk in the drive and placed the computer on John's lap. " First "he said handing John a pair of earphones ."Put ...." He paused voice tight "Put these in  I can not bear to hear it again . " His voice pitched and his face went from stone to pain in a flash.
"Now ,now you didn't have to get all dressed up for me ."John teased from behind him. His eyes followed the back of  Sherlock's long legs, up the smooth tight fabric of the ballet outfit  to Sherlocks  cute, plump, firm heart shaped arse.
Lucas thought as he  came around the corner  only to be greeted by a man about his height with a halo of black curls . The man demand  see the body again , then he tries to walk around Lucas like he wasn't even there.
He was stunning. Not saying his Sherlock wasn't, but this boy's youth seemed to make him glow with ethereal beauty that simply took his breath away.
They drove for a few hours until the day turn to night and the world became quiet even  the radio was turned off. Dean started to nod off. So he decided to pull into a small motel in the middle of nowhere. Sherlock felt like he caught herpes just looking at the place. “ Tell me we are not sleeping here “ Sherlock drawled disgust evident in his voice .
A  smile spreads across her face like the  Cheshire Cat. " We don't need to kill them . All we have to do is stop one of the angels from  moving . To do that we just have to look at them. Simple. Then we can walk right up to it. ." She explained. " Problem is lately there have been sighting of more than one angel here. " She gestures around to the graveyard. " I need you guys to help find it and if more show up keep looking at them.  Don't blink and don't let them get near you.  "
After all of that that's all this psycho had to say?! "What the hell ? What was the point of me telling you all of this then"!? John didn't care that his voice was raised.  He just wanted to know what was going on! This man is a freak. Theres soany questions he has. "Why can't you just 'recreate'  what happened- !"
"Of course I am old man ."He squeezed his shirt tighter "Well, be on your way then. " Sherlock turned around and slid the shirt over his head .
He wouldn't have pushed John out like that.  John had so many questions . He looks over at  the two people who followed him out. They both look just as confused as John felt.
"Sam brought it to me . " Sherlock said with a shrugging . He tossed the stick of the ice pop in the ben next to his bed and wiped his mouth with the his hand . " find anything out? " John suddenly remembered how tired he is. " It's only our first day here Sherlock. Let's give it some time ...."
John pushed the man over to the he wall  and cracked Sebastian's face against  the brick . John leaned in and whispered his voice soft and there was a smile playing on his lips. But each word was dripping with malice . "I remember you , You sleaze bag. I want you to repeat the words after me and apologize to Sherlock."
He felt like he just jumped out of his skin , scrambling for his phone he was surprised to see John had  texted . It was late...didn't he know Sherlock was out on a 'case'?
The room was small ,the  walls that were not covered in anime posters were candy cane red with white trim .  A messy queen size bed takes up most of the space . Two large bookshelves sat on each side of the bed, filled with sketch pads , books, Japanese comic books (  Manga. Dean corrected ) and a few text books.
"Sherlock "John sighed  when they got up to the checkout line.  The boy tossed three more pairs of gray, blue ,and brown army print cargos with shirts that matched. He  even grabbed a pair of fake dog tags.
John almost patted him on the shoulder before images from his dream flooded his head. He pulled his hand away " Don't worry only a few hundred miles to go. "  he laughed when Sherlock buries his face in his hands with a  groan.
Sherlock groaned and shuffled to his night stand unlocked his phone ....his eyebrow hit his hairline .
The man across from John let out a laugh."Well to answer your question. I know how to use it. But I can not help you activate it . You need an Angel's grace - not a demon. Though you could simply sell your soul and I could send you home without all the trouble of powering that up."He held out his hand " Hand that little toy over and we both get something out of this exchange. "
HE was going to be Sherlock's  first. There was no question about it.  John  had  received many blow blow jobs but this was his first from a man...Not just any man . This man was his best friend . His meaning of life.
What on earth was he going to do?  He don't  have the self control to fight off this seductive  little bastard.
Jo just continued "This is Sherlock Holmes , a consulting detective from England - he and his his partner Doctor  Watson are here to help with the Lexx case ." she explained vaguely .
His phone vibrates then lights up. He contemplates ignoring it but it might be important. He leans over and grabs his mobile . There was a message from Leeanna. He smiles it's unusual for her to text so late. He opened the message . To his surprised he finds   a lovely picture of her . The perfect angle for a topless selfie....Her large breast where high on her chest, her delicate pink nipples were hard .He stared that the image. It was the first time she ever sent anything like this . He scrolled down and read the caption.
Would that happen if he never meets this Sherlock? Would he die if his past self kills himself. ?....It was to much...to much.......
Khoung sat  across from him  in large  red and black heart shaped sunglasses that matched his hair.  He had visible sunscreen on that looked yellow against the pale skin on his nose . He wore a large black trench coat that covered  him from neck to foot , and black gloves that squeaked when he reached out to hand  John his necklace  "Here." He said his deep Russian accent rumbling in the quiet space of the car. "I translated  the marking all we have to do is get you back to where you first arrived ."
He went back to the papers and read through them again. Page  two had a small chant in Latin. ..Did John have to read that out loud? One look further down the page told him his answer was yes he did...good thing he took a bit of Latin in Uni .
John snarled "I don't want any of your drugs . "he cocked his gun. His eyes darting to the boy on the ground. His skin was so pale his body was so lean,  if John didn't know any better he would almost thought he was a girl.
They sat  down at a lovely  outdoor diner . John put his bags down and pulled Sherlock's chair out for him. John then  settled in across from the younger man and picked up his menu. A young waitress about Sherlock's age came up ,notepad in hand.
His phone vibrated again ...this time a picture came though.... Sherlocks heart stopped . Suddenly his mouth felt like he ate a handful of cotton balls. He couldn't look away...this had to be a mistake....no way John would ever send him something like this...but here it was .... A beautiful picture of the one thing Sherlock's couldn't deduce about John.... He had his theories but actual evidence was way more then he could have hoped ever see.
The taller of the two men with long hair and  slouched shoulders looks  up from under his long lashes his hazel irises glowing in the airports artificial light.  Somehow the six foot four ( possibly five, John couldn't tell)   man  made himself seem impossibly small.
John sputtered " Future what!?  No- Sherlock you got the wrong idea. Is that what this has been about ?" He gestures vaguely around to demonstrate Sherlock's actions.  " You think you and I are ..... together ...?" John pauses  the look of disbelief ,hurt and sadness that is sketched into Sherlock face made something deep down inside of  John twist painfully.
John smiles when Sherlock hands him his cup ." Thank you." Sherlock's cheeks bloom to the most delicate shade of pink as their finger brush.
Johns eyes widened "Angels  ? Like blokes sitting naked in the clouds with wings and halos? I am having a hard enough time just processing this time travel thing. "John sighed.
He felt him self  smile and he started to laugh. Sherlock looked down at his hands then smiled , lips pulling up  then  he started laughing to .
Unfeeling ,and uninterested in sex and relationships .The only thing that mattered to the detective is the work . They were friends and family that's all John needed . Even if his feelings for the crazy detective are more then that.  He would never push the man or make him uncomfortable.   John loves Sherlock and  has for a long time but they could never work out...Sherlock's to closed off and John...……. he's straight...
Dean's eyes snap open ,he sits up quickly in his bed and looked around. The room was empty.  His brother and their two British companions were nowhere in sight .
The young curly hair British  boy , Crowley guessed was Sherlock stepped in. " My brother said they are impossible to find and even more impossible to kill. "
Could these people really help? There is so much at stake . If he could get this necklace to work he could travel right back to his time no matter how long he is stuck here....Right? He handed the mobile back to Mycroft then shoved the necklace back  into Khoung’s pale hands.
sharp teeth bared - like a cat or one of those vampires from the bad horror films. His hands were up long fingers curled like claws ready to rip out flesh.
Then Pitts coughing started again ...and didn't stop… Blood came up over his lovely lips staining them red...Fear rose over Wilberforce heart and he called for the doctor to return…
John has always been as passionate in lovemaking as he was in life itself. He was vocal about his pleasure, much as he was about his anger , and happiness.
“I need something stronger then a cuppa after all that Sherlock. I just found out my girlfriend was cheating on me with god knows how many other men.....”
Sherlock  looked over to the hotel like he was expecting someone to come out any moment." Well yeah. Of course I know about demons. They are not to common in England. But people summon them all the time for stuff they want. It is up to my brother's band of suits to take care of the mess the demons leave behind. " He says like it is completely normal that people summoned actual demons.
Henry has been in a rather good mood. It has been three weeks since he found out about Abigail and stopped the crazy immortal.  He had recently started to gain Jo's trust back, she even stopped looking at him like he was a broken man. It's been good.
John grabbed a fist full of Sherlock’s hair and pulled him up and off his cock with a lude pop up just enough to put his lips to the younger mans ear.
Sherlock looked out the window. He was going to be alone again. Soon this amazing man by his side is going to be gone.... and he will have to wait to find him again.  What is he going to do until then? Nothing...no excitement.  No light his life will plunge back to the dark abyss of boredom.
With  jaw dropping, bug-eyed ,  sweaty palms - John's   hot, sticky  head pops up from his warm pillow in a heart-pounding state of arousal. His body trembling , a cold sweat coating his  skin . His clothing sticking to him  uncomfortably.  After a second of massively intense panic , it suddenly just dawns on him …
John was trying to follow along from the moment  he summoned  the demon till now he had one question :
There was a long silence from the other line until a softer voice echoed though the phone . This voice was farther away and muffled by the distance.
John spun around  hand reaching for his gun .There was a man standing there looking at him with red eyes. His dark hair was thinning out and messy on his head. He had a closely trimmed beard that fit his scruffy yet elegant face . He was not much taller than John and a third as wide . The dark haired man wore a slick black dress shirt, a waist coat that matched a thick gray and red striped tie with matching trousers that were pressed to perfection . The man was dressed almost like a scruffy Holmes bother with a heavy black trench coat. John fought back the urge to roll his eyes of course he summoned a posh git.
Sherlock smiled "Let me walk you to the door." They walk through the building out to the front door where Mycroft's car way awaiting John's arrival. Sherlock looked up at the other man and smiled "Thank you again for what you did for me . "
I come from Sherlock much older.....It was" John  paused he had to take a deep breath as flashes of the night he found Sherlock almost raped and beaten  flashed though his head.  " I can't say shocking that's an understatement ....."
John picked up a flimsy little fry and wiggled it around as he told Dean the story of how Mycroft sent him back with the necklace . He pulled the necklace over his head and gazed down at the gold pendant and traced the unfamiliar writing engraved in the metal as he finished up his story .
"If you don't know how to use this. Then leave.  " John  wanted this man gone. " this was a waste of time . I don't know why I even trusted that loon to help. "
Khoung listen intently taking in John's story. After John finished Khoung rubbed the back of his neck the pinched the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock looks up at the Winchester's. " I don't know... my brother is never this vague - if this is all he knows about that stone then we need to be extremely careful when we find it. "
They walked silently for the few minutes until they came into the busy part of the school . Students walked about ,chatting , laughing , some of them looked dreadful.
"The person you were thinking about just now. How long have you been together. It's obvious that you care about this person. Perhaps a romantic partner. Someone you love?"
Dean chuckles " I do but it won't help a whole lot" he smacked his brother's shoulder startling the long hair man awake . Sam jumped up like a cat that got squirted with a water bottle . " Calm down Sammy . Just wanted you to close your window, so I can turn the A.C. on. " Sam brushed his wet hair from his forehead and nodded sleepily .  The man rolls his window up . Soon the cool air from the vents settle over the car. It felt wonderful compared to heat outside.
John  smiled down at him gently reaching forward to trace his lips. “You look so beautiful Sherlock. I just… I can't let you do this.... I want us to enjoy it. I’d never imagined that I’d have you...  so willing. But you are not the Sherlock I know. He would never -
John smiled over at the politician.  "Can't slip anything by you Holmes now can I ?  "he took Mycroft's hand again started to get out.
"Being short has it advantages " Sam said without any teasing.  The short doctor stabbed another two demons  and shot Sam a smirk. “ Should see me with a gun."
Mycroft repeated the words Khoung had chanted perfectly…...He held John's hand the same way the other Mycroft and Khoung had.
Tears stream down Pitt's swollen eyes down his fever red cheeks  “ at this moment I wish I  had your faith. "
"What happened back there!" Sam asked running up to John. The demons were gone Dean flowing after them. .
The short few blocks to the hotel seemed shorter than normal ...He was inside the lobby headed up to his room before he had time to really think.  If this could get him home then he was going to do it. What ever was inside this envelope and whatever he was getting himself into better be worth it.
Sam chuckled as he stepped out of the passenger side." I'm sure she is fine Dean we took her on tougher roads then this. "
-" then Dean came around like a pirate!! " Sherlock jabbed the knife at the air . He was so innocent and happy.  His eyes were alit with the flame he got on cases. " It was like Christmas!! This case had to be at least a 10 !!"
It was less than three minutes after Wilberforce left the room when  William Pitt's body disappeared.
"No Sherlock , Doctor Watson will not be staying with you. He will be staying at the hotel suite we reserved for him for his remaining time here.  "He looked pointedly at his younger brother . " I also do not want a grown man in your flat. Not after the display I walked into this morning "He spoke dryly but his voice was stern and final.
Johns cold eyes met hers “ Of course I love Sherlock.  If he and I were a couple at least I know he wouldn't cheat on me!!” John's hands were shaking now. He had enough of this. " Get out of our Flat.”
John let out a shocked hiss at the contact his hips bucked forward reflexively into Sherlock's long fingers. The  Detective took that as incentive and cupped the length sliding his palm from the bottom of the shaft to the tip of the shiny wet head.
was all starting to feel way too real. "What do you mean who am I ? It's me Sherlock John.  John Watson. "
" WHA!!  No w'y yous  a yankee!! ? Hay Dion-" ( what no way you a Yankee? )  he shouted loudly at a burly black man with a white vest and pants that almost hung  to his knees " Dey from where Toba'y is from , dat ‘ew Emlag' place up nor'h!"  ( they are from up north where Toby is from , that New england place)
" Maybe something was affected when you were sent back. Time travel is completely unstable and unpredictable.  "   Sam said from the door he held a box in his hands.
John chuckles that was such a Sherlock thing to say. “Fine, fine but when I do go home call Mycroft to come get you. “
Henry couldn't stop the broken laugh that fell from his lips. Unconsciously he ran a hand through his curly hair. “ My god - “ he managed to choke out. “ William Pitt-” he can't take his eyes off of the man in front of him. They stare at each other in disbelief for a long moment the silence drags  on.
God- he felt like a teenager again trying to get a quick sneaky wank in before his parents got home.  He took a deep breath and started moving his hand up and down the shaft slowly ; letting the pleasure build  and build. So quickly .
The man's unmistakable baritone  echoed into the cold examining room. It was one simple word that fell from his cupid bow lips.
Sherlock shakes his head but John protest " You are eating Sherlock. " the young boy dropped his bags dramatically on the floor then swan dived onto the bed closest to the wall.
...lower down chest, kneading muscles and breastbone. He traced around John's  hardening nipples , pinching and
” I will be replaced by Lord Granverds Prime Minister and certify Wilby-” wheezing in a breath he relished in the way using Wilberforce old nickname tasted like honey on his tongue… “Charles Fox is already secured but graduated for the palace they will remain neutral institute the slave trade. “
Khoung waited for him patiently.  " If it would make you feel better "He gestures to his work space "You can tell me in there." Khoung walked into his lab space and sat on his messy desk. "I am loyal to Mycroft Holmes and the British Men of Letters Doctor Watson. You can tell me . "
“ Not at all Doctor Watson.  Sorry about the worry - it's not a problem Pit-Sherlock had just been informing me about the latest- uhm” he stammered over his words. He almost said Sherlocks old name . Was he insane - No... Just a bit overwhelmed "   — the uhm- "
"I'm not his friend.  I just heard he could help we with a necklace...." he hoped whoever these people were believed him. " You see this necklace sent me  back in time and now I'm...well  stuck. The man who sent me back told me to find Mr. Singer if I need help getting back home. " another silence before that deep sleep rough voice -Dean answered
" Grate!" The the detective rambled angrily as he continue to push towards the examining room."The idiot probably destroyed any evidence that might have been left."
Sherlock's face lit up his cupid bow lips meet his eyes in a blinding smile. ...John handed the lady the card and  paid for the items.
It made Sherlock's heart flutter. Sherlock can't get use to that look . He's never seen anything so beautiful. No one has ever look at him with such intense ...what was the word for it?
Gently and slowly Wilberforce's lift  Pitt’s chin with the tip of his finger, until his face is uplifted towards his .  Slowly he licks his lips and glances down at his asking for permission. Pitt nods despite Wilberforce still holding his chin  up Pitt can hear his heartbeat in his ears….  Slowly Wilberforce  closes his eyes and very subtly and softly brush his lips across Pitt’s plump cupid bow ..The kiss is  soft and sweet, a frightened little shy little kiss… nothing more than just a whisper really..
He always knew John liked that feature. ...His dark blue eyes would roam over the pale flesh when John didn't think he was looking .
Sherlock watched as the car drove off until it disappeared.  There went the most interesting man he ever will meet.
"Sherlock" John says his voice breaking from embarrassment . He cleared his throat and tried again "Sherlock I swear I am not doing that on purpose. ... Honestly....Just "
" So call this Bobby Singer bloke  and  tell him to get his arse over here and help? " John said straight  and to the point.
It is a dingy little place with no more than forty rooms. The building was a one story brick building covered in black mold spots. The concrete driveway looks like it was melting into potholes, probably from the heat Sherlock notated. A tall rusted sign stood at the side of the building reading :
He looked at the clock .  He still had three minutes!! Panic filled his gut. Sherlock got up quickly rounded the table and over to the doctor .
John sported a smile of his own and leaned over, kissing Sherlock’s lips softly, “I’m glad.” he said, his heart fluttering just a little at the contact.
“I’m fine” he said, moving to unbind Sherlock’s clearly sore wrists, pulling the ropes off and tossing them carelessly to the floor, he would worry about those later. “Are you alright? Did he hurt you?” without a thought, while he was speaking, John began to check Sherlock over, looking for any signs of physical trauma and to his relief finding none. It was only when he looked back to Sherlock’s face in the dim light that was still creeping through the windows that he realized where the trauma was. Despite his usually pale complection, the detective looked like a ghost, his eyes seemed glossy and he was looking at John like he was afraid to look away in case he might disappear. “Hey…”
Sherlock looked John over for a moment, just standing still under his touch for a moment before backing away and feeling John’s hand slide off of him in the process, “I don’t need to talk about it, so do me a favour and let me work” he snapped a little more harshly than he had intended. Part of him wanted to apologize but he  knew that he realistically needed to do this. There was no point in telling John what was going on in his head was there? What would the other man think if he turned around and told him ‘Oh by the way, I have developed more of an interest in you but I have no idea how to date and would need you to teach me’? Considering John was straight that probably wouldn’t go down to well. Before he could compose himself completely, he realized John had stepped forward and pulled him into a hug.
“You don’t need to ask. Just know I’m a cuddler... “ he said playfully, “You may wake up with me wrapped around you. Just pry me off or wake me if you find it uncomfortable ok?” He said as he went off to grab his pyjamas. One thing he would admit if only to himself, he would certainly miss sleeping alone for three distinct reasons. The first was down to the night terrors he regularly suffered. If they did come to play him up, he would feel horrendous for waking Sherlock and showing him that side of his psyche. The second was he would be unable to sleep naked as the warmer weather approached but that was a small sacrifice. The last reason would be because he would no longer be able to lay down and get himself off on will. That last one may seem slightly pathetic, but he knew that at the end of the day he was going to be spending every single night pressed up against the man he had come to love over the years… not sorting himself out was going to be more than difficult. Groaning quietly, he shook off the thoughts and got changed, making sure to wear a shirt this time around before he headed back to Sherlock’s room.
When John finally broke the silence, Sherlock found himself feeling a sense of relief. Despite his enthusiasm the other night, he didn’t know if he was quite capable of getting involved in a random morning shag just yet. He shifted and found himself slightly at a loss for words but luckily, John took control swiftly.
Sighing, John rubbed a hand over his face as he tried to think how on earth he was going to be able to do all of this with Sherlock. One thing he wanted more than anything was to show that crazy, curly haired genius just how incredible he was and how loved he was but how on earth could he do it in a way that Sherlock could possible feel comfortable with? Looking back to the brunette, John smiled a little sadly, “Sherlock, I know I kind of sprung all this on you… do you want to take it back a step? We can carry on as normal for a while if you like until you can really process all of this” he offered, despite the sadness he felt at the thought. Some people might see this as a retreat or even as giving up before they’d even begun but it was far from that. If they were going to be together,  John was damn well going to make sure that Sherlock was as happy if not happier than he was. How could he force him into something if he really loved him?
After a while of sorting through all of the emails, John looked up to see which ones he should alert the detective on and came to realize Sherlock was watching him. That was certainly an uncommon occurrence, Sherlock seldom even looked in John’s direction when they were speaking, sometimes he could even leave the room and put a balloon in his place and somehow the other man wouldn't even notice. Most people would probably have thought nothing of it and gotten on with their day but for some bizarre reason, John found that he couldn't do that. He put the laptop aside and got up, heading into the kitchen, “Sherlock everything alright?” he asked, leaning against the kitchen counter. “You’ve seemed… off”
John thought about it for a second and nodded, it made sense, “Alright, mind if I go lay down then?”he asked, not wanting to be too presumptuous. He knew it was illogical considering they basically just agreed to share a room for however long it would take to have that criminal behind bars… but it was Sherlock’s room so John felt it best to ask.
“Love?” Sherlock whispered, suddenly wide awake as he looked up at the soft face of his most precious blogger.
Humming, John rested his cheek on top of Sherlock’s head and used his other hand to lightly run up and down his back in a soothing motion. “Definitely. I’m...I’m sorry for running off like I did. I was overreacting. It doesn’t matter what you think of me at the end of the day. You’re right I’m...I’m just me.” Although it hurt to say, it was the truth, it always had been. The only reason it had hurt so much at the time was because it was a truth that had never been vocalized in the past. He followed, Sherlock left him behind. He spoke, Sherlock ignored him. He stood by, Sherlock bolted onward. It was how it had always been and that was ok, it’s not as though things were going to suddenly change now. For most people this sort of thing would be a warning sign if ever they saw one, to John however, it was the furthest thing from it. He would never be able to be on par with Sherlock Holmes, but he was ok with that. It didn’t change a damn thing and despite all the pain he knew he would end up enduring over the years for that absolutely brilliant madman… John was ok with it all, as long as he could show him just how much he meant. It was only then that John realized he had gotten lost in thought and Sherlock was racing through a rather complex apology. Shaking his head, John pulled back and slid his hand from the back of Sherlock’s head to his cheek, tilting his face so their eyes met, “Hey… don’t worry about it… ok? We’re ok.” he whispered. Sherlock’s face in his hand, the warmth on his palm, the way that the detective stopped mid word and just looked at John in a stunned silence… the immediate tension which enveloped them was sudden, tangible and almost too much to bear.
Sherlock was left rather stunned in his chair, one minute John had been sat calmly in front of him eating breakfast and the next he had bolted like a startled rabbit. That was wildly uncharacteristic of him… While he had been analysing the doctor, Sherlock had noticed that the other had become drastically uncomfortable and began subconsciously shifting in his seat. On top of that he had been licking his lips and swallowing a swell, signs of stress. Odd. John never usually got stressed when he looked at him. What had changed? Before he could consider it, he saw John rush past the kitchen and out of the front door without so much as a word. Frowning, Sherlock focused on eating the remainder of his food but he had somewhat lost his appetite. He decided to be helpful for a change and cleaned up the plates as he tried to understand what could possibly have made John behave in such a way but to no avail. Sighing he went to lay on the sofa, wet hair soaking into the cushions. He was about to head into his mind palace when the front door clicked open, John must have forgotten something in his hurry. The floor creaked slowly and it unsettled Sherlock, John was in a rush to leave so why on earth would he creep into the flat so slowly? He wouldn’t... Opening his eyes, the detective felt his blood run cold at the familiar masked figure before him and went to move when a syringe was brought down to his neck and the world blurred out before fading to black.
Sherlock got into the bed expecting to feel some kind of unease at least at first, but there was none. He looked over to John who had now laid back and had one arm extended to his side, clearly waiting for Sherlock to cuddle up to him for the night. Smiling, Sherlock laid down in John’s arms and rested his head on the other’s shoulder. “Goodnight John” he said softly, closing his eyes.
While the detective had drifted into his own head, John had watched in amusement as his usual expression changed and morphed with his train of thought. It happened from time to time, Sherlock would fall into his mind and John would watch in awe as his face changed with each new thought he went through as if having a conversation with himself but his lips would remain closed. “Oh nothing, you just look interesting when you think.” he said, smiling up at the other man, “What were you thinking about anyway?”
Granted, Sherlock didn’t burst out laughing however he did smile fondly at the doctor before clearing his throat and turning to Angelo’s, “Shall we?” he asked, gesturing towards the establishment. He knew it was irrational but he usually hated waiting around for no apparent reason, it was certainly a waste of good time… normally. Interestingly enough he found that when he was in the presence of John Watson, nothing ever seemed to feel that way. He just couldn’t put his finger on why things were different with him… A personal case. One which he would be more than happy to take on.
Upon seeing the marks on John’s face, Sherlock felt a swell of anger towards the gang and wished a slow and torturous death upon each and every one of them, however he was quickly brought back to the reality of the situation when he paid attention to the warmth of John’s cheek, the dilation of his pupils, the way his lips were slightly parted and his heart rate increased under the touch. Signs. All of them were signs of… No.  Blinking rapidly, Sherlock snapped out of whatever trance he had been in and  let his hand drop away. He couldn’t do this, not here, not now.  Before he knew what he was doing , the detective had shuffled quickly out of the crevice, walking briskly towards the DI who was on the scene by this point. His heart was pounding and he panicked slightly, never before had his body had such a profound effect on his mind. He had little things here and there in the past, times where he had walked in when John was shirtless after a shower, times when they had to hold hands and run for their lives, the times he fell asleep in John’s room… Shaking his head, he brushed that aside and decided to get the remainder of the information regarding the ring to the police while he got his thoughts together.
“How can I do anything if I’m lying down fully clothed?” Sherlock asked, obeying John’s instruction regardless.
Sherlock blinked a few times and looked at John, his entire body language had changed so quickly it was almost a shock. “Oh yes, I see. I have never been great at jokes” he said, strolling into the restaurant and listening to John as he followed. Although it should be a simple thing to work out, for some reason Sherlock couldn't figure out quite what it was about the endearment that made him so uncomfortable.. No, nervous. Somehow John always managed to make him feel as though he was being watched and appreciated in such a way that it made him feel regularly like there was something constricting his chest, Further study on this feeling was needed. The moment they were both inside, Angelo greeted them with nothing more than genuine enthusiasm as usual and they ended up on their usual table by the window, candle and all. Sherlock sat and watched John intently, realizing the other man had begun feigning his usual manners in order to cover up his clear discomfort. After a while Sherloc gave up and looked at his own menu to cover his confused expression, he hated not being able to figure things out. I’ll be having my usual, what about you?” he asked, trying to remember what he had read online about making small talk.
Sherlock let his fierce gaze wander throughout the room, every detail was carefully filed away in his mind palace. A haunting atmosphere hung over the whole scene, like it had never moved on from the day Sherlock fell, still stuck in the past while the presence only left ghostly traces. Sherlock felt the rush of the game tingling in his fingertips- maybe this would be even more interesting than he had thought- careful not to destroy any clues, Sherlock moved through the flat, like a long dead visitor of a nebulous past. A breeze of the unknown.
There was no one of Sherlock's intellect necessary to interpret the sight of the kitchen the right way, because their dinner table definitely hadn't been used, since every laboratory equipment he had set up there still mingled around, dusty from neglect without the presumed dead chemist. John's refusal to deal with his stuff, had reached an overblown level, at least he threw away the experiments on body parts Sherlock had left. The consulting-detective looked around further in the kitchen, here too, the most seemed untouched. The dishes were, exept of a teacup, put away neatly in the cupboard, apart from that next to no food could be found, the milk in the fridge had expired two days ago and the cereals were still half full, everything else was either long-living or
From one second to another the grey walls of the room vanished and were replaced with his brother's cold office:“focus, Sherlock!“ he ordered unmoved.
“That's right Sherlock, you're missing something, remember, or shall John end up like redbeard did?“ Mycroft confirmed his doubts gleefully.
“We have to get there, as fast as possible, if necessary turn on the sirens.“ Sherlock ordered- they had meanwhile reached the patrol cars- he left no room for discussion and Lestrade obeyed.
One glance in the direction of their armchairs confirmed Sherlock in his next assumption, for two years, nobody had used his armchair, unlike John's. The question if anyone at all had visited him in the last few months hung heavy in the air, suffocating Sherlock with it's most likely answer. At the recliner's foot stood an old cassette tape recorder, one Sherlock himself had used every now and then, scattered around it were several tapes. Only one look at them told Sherlock that these tapes had to contain the records of his current compositions. They were nothing Sherlock would brag about, they were just a byproduct of a process, he mostly used them to reflect on and improve his compositions, which were rather short and emanating from random moods, that Sherlock tried to capture and understand, Sherlock surely preferred to play his music instead of listening to it. But if he thought about it, without John, the flat was filled with an opressing silence in which Sherlock's solitude echoed even louder, maybe it could be helpfull as well to let the tape play in the background, just to determine what John had heard last. Sherlock bend down gingerly and pushed in the chunky button deeply, the button locked with a noisy click and in the next second his violin chimed, obviously in the middle of the song. Sherlock continued to stroll through the half abandoned, half haunted flat.
Only when Sherlock couldn't do anymore than waiting for them to arrive he decided to speak again:“John left his mobile phone at the flat, if you want to know.“
Between them floated the evidence, Sherlock's breath was getting steadier now, as he could concentrade on the facts in front of him:“spoiled milk, cereals, tapes, dust everywhere, the envelope, the mobile phone...“ Sherlock hesitated.
“Obviously I didn't, Lestrade get yourself together, where is John?“ Sherlock was inches away from screaming at the man.
Lestrade reached John first and disarmed him immediately. Sherlock for his part pressed John's narrow form against him like a lifeline. Sherlock was feasting at the sudden contact, like he was dying from thirst and had just found water. With every sensation, he embraced the most intimate emotions that shot through him. A wistful happiness, that tried to show relieve and utmost worry at the same time. But John's breathing was the only sound Sherlock could make out and his heartbeat reverberated in his bones, engraved it's traces deeply in everything Sherlock could ever hope to be and let him know that he was save, that he was not too late. John was alive and Sherlock was alive and everything from here on could only lead them upwards. A weak whimper cut through Sherlock's thoughts and he held John tighter, while the both of them sank onto the damp ground. Tears were quietly running down his cheeks, Sherlock's face buried in the greying hair of his beloved friend. The aftershave's smell was now lucid and prehensible and all-encompassing. John had clutched his fingers into Sherlock's coat with an iron-grip, his body petrified with fear, as if Sherlock could disintegrate at any given moment, before a shattered sob broke down all the walls that had remained between them, and John was struck with the wave that broke right above him, the saltwater poured out of him at once, but his voice was through it all just a quiet whisper, filled with questions, accusations and simple pain. Sherlock responded with a careful susurrus, a timid stream of apologies, promises and everything else that came to his brilliant mind to hold John above the water.
And now he stood in his empty bedroom, where everything had it's designated place, but John was still missing. Not often did Sherlock have had the chance to poke around undisturbed, but it was not like there had been much of interest to begin with. His furniture was modest and practical, he didn't possess many personel items either, only the open shelf on the left side of the bed gave an insight into the ex-soldier's character, there were a few folders and books lined up, inbetween gathered a small collection of keepsakes of childhood and university as well as his time at the army, nothing of which would be new to Sherlock, moreover did nothing attract his attention too, exept maybe for the overall petty tidiness of the room. - maybe an old army-habit- On the plywood desk were his mobile phone, his laptop and some personal documents, on top of it all the last bill from his therapist dated six months ago- why didn't he attend therapy anymore?- everything was neatly arranged with a precision that usually just fit Mycrofts obsessive compulsive behaviour. Sherlock picked up the mobile phone and switched on the display, the batteries were still charged, but it was overflowing with messages and missed calls: Mike Stamfort, Lestrade, Harry and Clara, even Mycroft left him a message. But if John was out and about, then why didn't he take his phone with him? Even for John, who didn't stress a lot about it, that was suspiscious. With shaking hands did Sherlock reach for the knob of the desk drawer and pulled it open agonizingly slow, terrified to have his concerns confirmed. The drawer revealed a thin envelope. Sherlock, struck with panic, gave a short whimper and held his breath, when he dared to move again he took a sharp intake of air, before he nervously fumbled for the drawer again and tore it out with a rough motion, he scanned the underside of the desk to no avail.
Frustrated Sherlock ended the call, the detective was absolutely refusing to believe him, meaning he had no other choice than prove to him that he was in fact as neat as ninepence. Sherlock hurried determined to the next cab and drove straight to Scotland-Yard. His time was running out.
When John had bolted from the flat, something felt odd. He couldn’t pinpoint it for the life of him though. Despite the sheer embarrassment he felt under Sherlock’s assessing gaze, the second he had left the flat he felt uneasy. Why? Despite being round the corner and halfway down the next street, John stopped and frowned as he tried to dispel the feeling he had that was making his guts curl in on themselves. ‘What is it? What on earth is it?  What have I missed?’ he thought to himself, cursing his inability to shake this feeling and move forward. Should he go back? No, surely not. How would he explain that when he got in? But something was telling him he should… Minutes passed and he simply stood there, unable to bring himself to keep moving forward until he figured out what on earth was holding him there. ‘Think. Think!  I left the flat, there were a few people around, there was a car, there was a cyclist. Nothing weird. I walked down the street, there were a few kids clearly going to school, a man walking his dog and… a guy with a mask, looking down at the ground.’ John felt his blood run cold. That man. That mask. Surely it couldn't be what he thought it was. No time to think on it. John took off in the direction of the flat, not stopping even for a second as he bolted up the stairs and into the living room. What he saw horrified him beyond what words could portray. There was Sherlock, laying slumped on the sofa with a syringe in his neck and a masked figure was tying his hands with a thick rope. John had never quite understood the idea of people having ‘ice’ in their veins… until now. It was as though any warmth he had in his heart had frozen over and nothing but sheer cold hatred and rage vibrated through him now.  Silence blanketed the room for a mere moment and then John lunged forward, tackling the hooded figure without a moment of hesitation. They fell to the ground and John hand his hands on the other man’s throat before he even had the opportunity to defend himself. John had never been one to exact revenge on a person but at this point, there was nothing to stop him. Below him, he watched the man writhe and struggle, attempting to push John off of him and failing miserably. Despite his size, John was strong and always had been, he compensated for height with muscle and most people didn’t expect that. A punch came across his face but it was not enough to deter the doctor, another and another came, weaker each time. Despite the pain, he remained on top, refusing to relent even for a moment. When the blows stopped coming and the man below began grasping at his hands in sheer desperation, John leant down and whispered in the attackers ear, “When you mess with Sherlock Holmes, you mess with me… and I can promise you, that you don’t want to mess with me”. At that moment, the figure below him went limp and John released his grip. Granted, the man was just unconscious but John felt a swell of sick pride at the idea. Looking over to Sherlock, he frowned and crawled over to him, untying his wrists and wincing at the developing rope burns that were already showing on the pale skin. Although he really wanted to check on Sherlock, it was more important right now to keep this man subdued. John moved back to the unconscious assailant and roughly flipped him onto his stomach, yanking his arms behind his back and tying him far tighter than need be, making sure it was secure. Sure John was no sadist, but there was absolutely no way that this guy was not getting off with no mark whatsoever, that would be too good for such a lowlife. Once he was sure the man was down and out for the count, John jumped up and moved over to Sherlock. First things first, he took the needle from his neck, putting it on the side and applied pressure to the wound with his finger to stop the bleeding. Crouching beside the brunette, he used his free hand to stroke his friend’s pale cheek, “Sherlock? Sherlock can you hear me?”
Sherlock found himself getting lost in the kiss. His mind went nearly blank and his eyes fell shut at the feeling of John’s tongue against his own. It was somewhat astounding that the blonde has this ability to simply rob him of his thoughts and attention, but he wasn’t going to complain about it. Instead, Sherlock reached up to cup the slightly rough side of John’s cheek and used his free hand to run up to the back of John’s head, pulling him in a little and gripping the short hair there. Time seemed to fade away but before he could comment on it, John backed away a little. Sherlock went to protest this but the next thing he knew, John’s lips were against  his neck and a moan escaped him before he could even think to suppress it. The contact sent sparks of electricity through his system and he arched slightly off of the bed. There was a certain spot on his neck that felt remarkably sensitive and he knew John had noticed this because he went over it a couple of times with soft kisses before all of a sudden he bit down and sucked the area, bruising it lightly. The sensation was indescribable, it sent shocks through Sherlock’s system and caused his cock to harden even more so than it had before. “John…” he gasped, fingers tightening in the other’s hair.
Stirring from his sleep, Sherlock found that he had to fight the urge to hiss at the light that woke him, burying his face in the warmth beside him to protect his eyes. It was only when a familiar voice sounded that he actually became aware of his surroundings again. The warmth beside him was John...and he was burning his face in the other man’s chest. He went to jump back but realized John was pulling him closer, curious. “I...John uh...you uh… morning” he said weakly, wanting nothing more than to face palm from that attempt at an exchange alone. “Are you… are you feeling better?” he asked, hoping to regain his ability to speak the Queen’s english again soon.
Inside, Sherlock had tidied himself up and put on some clothes before coming down to find the living room already swarming with police. Normally this would make him uneasy as it usually meant he was being busted for an illegal substance but today he was actually relieved as he watched the beaten up assailant being dragged away mercilessly. Looking over to Lestrade, Sherlock couldn’t help but smile a little and headed over, “About time” he jested, “If it weren’t for John I would probably be causing you hassle by being locked up in an unknown location somewhere. You really need to up your detective skills”
“You… thank you” was all Sherlock seemed capable of saying. He was in shock, clearly, though he never liked to admit things like this did manage to get to him. At the end of the day, he had been woken with his hands bound and a gun pointed straight at him, that would be enough to traumatize most people. “Why did you… Your things?” he murmured, his expression looked… lost.
By this time, Sherlock was moaning and whimpering wantonly on the bad. His hair was damp with sweat and he found himself unable to do anything but enjoy the sensation of John's firm lips wrapping eagerly around his now pulsing cock. He honestly could remember a time he had been this hard before and it was a surprise from the start. Normally Sherlock found himself more than capable of dealing g with arousal and other such physical issues but this was intense. It was lust in its most raw form and there was not a chance in hell of him ignoring or controlling it.  John was now moaning around him and suddenly there was a realization. “John! John I'm going to…” he panted. To late. The pleasure of an orgasm ripped through him before he even had a chance to finish his sentence. Automatically, his hands had flown to John's head without his permission and he shoved himself as far into the doctor's throat as possible. His mouth fell wide and his head was thrown back in a silent scream of sheer ecstasy as he came hard, his seed pulsing out of him in waves. Seconds passed, maybe minutes, he couldn't even tell at this point but it didn't matter. As soon as he was able to get control of his limbs again, Sherlock let go of John's hair and pulled back. The sight before him wasn't one he would soon forget. John was slightly pink in the face, there was a layer of sweat on his brow and his lips were parted and slightly swollen. The good doctor was panting, eyes blown wide and upon looking at his posture, Sherlock could tell that was trying to remain comfortable while leaning on a raging hard-on. Getting his own breath back, Sherlock pulled himself into a more upright position and cleared his throat a little, “I believe it's your turn…” he said quietly, licking his bottom lip suggestively. Despite never receiving a blowjob before, Sherlock had given them, although he wasn't quite sure as to whether or not he should tell John this. Considering his earlier reactions to his past, he thought it would be better to avoid mentioning it just now.
It wasn’t clear when Sherlock had fallen asleep, one minute he was laying down and the next he was being woken by a nudge in his side and John’s voice by his ear. At first he merely stirred, however the events of the day sprung back to mind and he startled out of the bed in a manner that would suggest he had been electrocuted. Stumbling, he fell haphazardly to the floor and sat their in a daze for a moment. He looked up at the bed and saw John laugh, shaking his head. He wanted to say something, to leave… to stay. He wanted to do something, anything. But all he could do was sit there and stare up at John wordlessly.
“You don’t have to do anything, that’s the good part.” John whispered. Leaning down, John pressed his lips lightly to Sherlock’s, it was nothing but a brief peck to begin with, but slowly, John deepened the kiss. Using one hand to balance himself on the mattress and the other to cup Sherlock’s cheek, John hummed and using his tongue, parted Sherlock’s soft lips and began to carefully explore. It didn’t take long for things  to pick up, Sherlock was a little hesitant to start with but soon enough John noticed him becoming far more receptive and responsive. He found himself smiling into the kiss when he felt the detective reach up and cup his cheek, the other hand moving up to grip the back of his hair.
Sighing, Greg moved closer to John and rested a hand on his shoulder. Noticing the wince, he kept the grip light but noticeable, “John, what matters if you got to him. He’s alright, you’re alright. What more can you ask for?”
Mass suicide of a known and  successful drug ring, that seemed unlikely. Sherlock felt his interest peak but then he curbed it and looked at John, tilting his head and narrowing his eyes slightly, “I thought you wanted to have a date today?”
When the morning light finally came and John woke as he usually did, he was surprised to find he was still curled up against the detective who was snoring quietly above him. Closing his eyes, he decided to take in what he was feeling, from the warmth of Sherlock’s body to the scent on his chest that was just so … well, Sherlock. It was enticing in a way, perhaps it was the lingering scent of his cologne but there was something under that which made John shiver just a little as he inhaled. Shifting slightly, John’s hand moved and lightly grazed the wounds on Sherlock’s back and the night before flooded back to him. He was curious of course but he wasn’t about to move out of the sleeping man’s arms, besides, if Sherlock wanted to show him or talk about it, John would wait for that. It seemed too cruel of him to use the detective’s lack of awareness to look at something he was clearly uncomfortable with. Moments later, Sherlock began to stir, most likely he had been disturbed by John’s shifting in his arms. When John looked up into those sleepy blue eyes, he couldn’t help the smile that erupted on his lips nor could he help the immediate thought that rushed to the front of his mind of ‘God he’s beautiful’. A light blush tinged his cheeks and he hoped that Sherlock would be too tired to notice or care at the very least.,
Smiling fondly at the detective, John managed to eventually calm himself and get back into sorts. He had felt a little light headed from the run but that was long gone at this point. Nodding over to Sherlock, he started down the alley, “Come on then, let’s get this case underway eh?” he prompted. He watched from the corner of his eye as Sherlock followed along, that little smile on the corner of his lips, the one he always tried to hide. It was the one thing about Sherlock Holmes that people always got wrong, they thought he had no emotions. Bullshit, he was just good at hiding them away, most of the time. Looking around the alley, John saw nothing out of the ordinary, so he stepped aside and gestured for Sherlock to do his work while he watched and listened on. He watched in awe as usual as Sherlock pulled up each and every deduction, running through all of the information he collected as though he were reading it off of a screen. It never ceased to amaze John, even after all these years. Sherlock Holmes was a miracle at the very least, a man who could pull someone’s entire life story out of a single item… or an entire crime out of an empty alley. It didn’t take long before the detective had found the answers he was looking for, however this time he didn’t bolt off alone. No. This time, he had grabbed John by the hand and very nearly pulled him off of his feet, before racing away with John trying his best to keep up and not land flat on his face. It was amazing, running like lunatics through street after street, Sherlock moving as if on autopilot, guiding them without a mere second of hesitation, that was until they went for a road and John was the one to slam on the brakes. As they had been running, Sherlock had stepped into the road and the world had slowed to a near halt. A bus had been turning the corner and was inches from Sherlock when John spotted it. He swung them at that moment, Sherlock falling out of the road and tumbling to the ground, John landing flat on top of him as the sound of buses horn rang out. Stunned, John propped himself up, his body still pressed on top of the detective who also had a rather shocked expression on his face. Alive. He was alive. “What the bloody hell Sherlock?!” he snapped, the stun not lasting long.
“Who should there be? Here's Sherlock. Where's John?!“ He was panicking again and could barely tolerate Lestrade's evasive replies.
Sherlock untangled his pale fingers from his curls and the light pain in his scalp faded, his face pallid and distorted into pure horror he looked at his brother, who had leaned over the desk with the indulgent sternness of a mother hen.
Sherlock struggled to process this new information. After all his deductions, he had never expected this. John had been unstable, before they met, but how could he have guessed that he would relapse? Ultimately they had admittedly been flatmates, colleagues and maybe even friends, but Sherlock couldn't believe anyone was capable of truly missing him.
Sherlock pondered about it,- It can't be the flat, John would have already heard him, if he were in a room Sherlock didn't already sift through. But where? Where could you use a gun undisturbed? Where would John Watson want to die?
This pulled Lestrade from his paralysis and he held up his hands placatingly:“We have been out of touch since months, I don't know what he's doing.“
Sherlock and Lestrade turned around the next corner and Sherlock found that London's graveyards were certainly too big and that next time he wouldn't make it that easy for John. Next time he would have to drive far off to the countryside, to the smallest graveyard Sherlock would be able to find. Ideally he would prevent John from even thinking about something like that ever again. His chest began burning and his breath rattled after the sprint over the cemetery grounds, nervertheless they finally arrived. Expecting the worst, he fixed his view on the position where is black tombstone stood and was met with the figure of John right in front of him, motionless and silent. The weapon firmly in his right hand and resolutely pushed against his jaw. Sherlock's ears were filled with static that drowned out anything else. He tried to form a sentence, opened his mouth to speak without having decided on what to say yet, just to hear a loud bang with wich the noises descended upon him again, only then did he realise that the sound which had broken the deafening silence was his own voice.
Sherlock observed the living room, his belongings were nearly untouched, his books were stacked in a mess on the desk, just like he had left them there. A thick layer of dust layered itself above them obscouring the lettering on the covers. On the contrary the opposite side of the table seemed to have been used more frequently, the dark wood shimmered in the twilight of the London sun in early autumn, which glowed between the gaps of the heavy courtain and refracted in the new scratches while the mahagoni shimmered golden. Maybe John accustomed himself to eat here and the light abrasions resulted from the porcelain of their dishes. Besides his own possessions, Sherlock couldn't make out anything that could belong to John, not that there had been much to begin with, but still, the presence of another person in the flat was hard to surmise rather than the absence of Sherlock himself.
Sherlock opened the door to 221B Bakerstreet, the tension in his body left him at once. Finally he was home again. Even though Sherlock didn't really value sentiment, he preferred his flat over any other place he was forced to sleep in for the past two years nevertheless, not to mention the company of his favourite blogger, which he had to miss until today. After he had closed the door, Sherlock stopped in his motion, as if petrified he listened into the silence, it was eerily quiet. This could only mean that John, as well as Mrs. Hudson, had to be out, although Sherlock had made sure when exactly John used to leave the flat. Sensing a new exciting chance to get to know more about John's life whilst Sherlock's absence. He became gleefull, even though surely there couldn't have been major changes- the game promised to be fun- energeticly he swung himself up the stairs and strode with determination into their living room.
Sherlock wanted to scream, but instead he gasped for air like a fish out of water. He has to focus, he's losing control.
cannot come back from the dead. There was too much left unsaid, things he could not postpone any longer. What would happen if he were not able to save John Watson, Sherlock didn't want to imagine, presumably he wouldn't leave the cemetery this time too.
Only a few feet away stood Gred Lestrade, weapon safekept and phone in hand:“Please send an ambulance.“
-even though John seemed to live in utter neglect of himself, the flat was suprisingly clean.- thought Sherlock, who had expected to expose John's last few failed relationships or the bad decision to grow a mustache, instead of growing more and more worried about his friends well-being. Getting even more nervous he decided to go into John's bedroom, his composition for Irene Adler reached through the walls in a whisper, the notes muffled by wallpaper and bricks. The melody was beautiful but heavy-hearted, it was like a mirror for Sherlock who had been fascinated by the dominatrix but also saw himself hurled in a deep depression. Even though he only reluctantly wanted to admit it but The Woman had beaten him in every way possible. But in opposition to Mycroft's assessment, Sherlock didn't think of her as a dragon he was bound to strike dead. This he had proven and therefore payed the price, but even though their twisted love was mutual, it was obvious to both that the other won't be their last. Sherlock had made his peace with it. Shaking off the old memories he tried to focus on the situation at hand: The game, the first game since he was back in London: John. John he handn't seen for two years, John who watched static on TV, John who didn't eat and listened to his tapes, John he didn't recognise,
on being alive. The cup in the sink showed traces of earl grey, without milk or sugar, John must've used it for several days, without cleaning it out, this meant that if John had not gone out to eat something, the lack of any other dirty dishes proved that he had neither eaten nor washed up.
Sherlock stared his eyes wide and glistening, Lestrade's face all the while looking perplexed.- obvious?- then again his motor skills were back and he began running, Lestrade's wrist in his solid grasp, who incessantly was trying to bring him back to his senses, which he ignored consequently.
As John noticed Sherlock's voice, he turned around not believing his own ears and lowered the gun of which it's barrel had been pressed against his chin only moments ago. He wasn't even able to grasp what he thought to see at first.- This couldn't be true, he must be imagining.- John was paralysed. He was overwhelmed by the whole situation and his emotions were drowning him. He should be relieved, but everything he felt was anger and bitter, pure desperation- what should he do with himself? The ground was ripped from under his feet again, just now, when he decided to bring an end to it all, Sherlock really must be the most cruel human-being, John knew. How was he supposed to learn how to live again, when all he had done for two years was to convince himself to die?- With every second that passed and he remained standing there, unmoving, he was awaiting the inevitable downfall, that everything would collapse above his head, every moment was streched into days and above it all was John swaying on the slim line between life and death. He was completely empty, like the coast before a tsunami. Like an abandoned city before a horrible catastrophe. But he just stood there and watched himself drowning.
With that he left his mind palace. If he didn't know where John could be, then he needed to ask someone who'd been in contact with him for the past two years. While Sherlock fished for his mobile phone in his pocket he was already bolting out the door again, unsure where to go first, he rushed down Bakerstreet, while dialling Lestrade's number.
“That's a joke, isn't it? For the last time, Sherlock Holmes is dead, he killed himself and you won't be able to change it either, now stop it, before I get you arrested.“
Sherlock slumped down discouraged and was now rather clinging to Lestrade's jacket than dragging him around at it. Lestrade on the other hand clutched him decisively by the shoulders and raised him up again.
Now the colour was completely drained from his face, his intense stare fully concentrating on the envelope, which peeked out a little rumpled from under the drawer. Sherlock carefully pulled it from under the wood, as if the words inside were semtex and with great reverence towards their destructive force did he not dare to open it. Not as long as there was a chance that John was alive. Instead he flipped it over a few times while examining it swiftly.
Sherlock went deeper into his mind palace, inspected the rooms once again, until he realised: the last clue was not inside the flat, but in the hallway.
Some stray traces of use: The letter must have been kept for a longer period of time which is an indicator for a planned suicide.
Sighing, John gave Sherlock’s shoulder a gentle squeeze before shifting away to the other side of the bed, “Alright, I’m here if you need me. Goodnight Sherlock” he murmured, closing his eyes and trying not to overthink things. It was a good job he was exhausted because before even a few minutes could pass, he was fast asleep. It’s interesting how sleeping in different situations changed the way someone could sleep. When John was alone, he usually slept lightly and frequently suffered from nightmares of the war which woke him in a cold sweat. When he had slept with Sherlock cuddled close, he slept more peacefully than he had done in years… tonight however, nightmares plagued him however this time it wasn’t the war. It was Sherlock. Flashes of Sherlock in danger seemed to reel through his mind on a loop starting from the day John saw him and the cabbie with pills to their lips right up until that thief held him at gunpoint. However, in this dream… he pulled the trigger and as soon as that happened, John sat bolt upright with a cry, spinning to look for the detective who was looking at him. Slowing his breathing, John rubbed his face and groaned, “Christ… I’m sorry” he said, laying back down and trying to will his heart to slow down to a regular pace.
“Losing me?” Sherlock murmured, contemplating what John had said, “What on earth do you mean?” It didn’t make sense, why would John be concerned about his absence. It wasn’t as if John couldn’t cope without him, he had coped for years when Sherlock had to disappear to dismantle Moriarty’s network. Granted he was a little worse for wear but he had found himself a partner, moved out and all sorts. So what would the issue be if he were to die? Wouldn’t John just get on with life as he had done before?
“You’d think that man runs on air, honestly. I’m glad he has a good man like you looking after him, anyway, I won’t keep you, just wanted to check in. Ta ta” she said before disappearing back out of the flat.
The shower certainly helped to clear Sherlock’s mind, but it also allowed him time to think on a few elements of his and John’s friendship which lead into curious corners of his mind palace. He had thought back to the incident with the robber and it appeared that incident was a catalyst towards a change in their connection. John had put himself on the line for him many times in the past, he had killed for him, lied for him and nearly died for him. It was something that Sherlock both hated and admired more than anything. Something about this time around was different however. This time, Sherlock had no chance of getting out and John gave away something that took Sherlock’s breath away. The dog tags. He knew more than anyone what those tags meant to the ex-army doctor and it wasn’t something to be glossed over. John wore them every day without fail, kept them spotless and packed them away each night, although no one ever saw them. Army habit. If he dropped dead one day someone would have to identify him and that was the easiest way. Sherlock had winced at the idea, despite his disconnection from most of humanity, he had become attached to his doctor. His doctor? Since when had John become his? Since a while ago actually. When he really thought about it, John had been described as his for a long time now and he had accepted it without question. Curious. Getting back on track, their relationship had changed somehow, but how? For some bizarre reason, Sherlock found himself wanting John by his side even at night, keeping him close. Why? He had never wanted that before, so why now? What changed? Why was John looking at him differently? Why did he keep blushing? So many questions but no time to answer them, John was calling. Sighing, Sherlock put the thoughts on pause and headed down for breakfast, wrapped in a towel with his hair sopping wet.
Raising an eyebrow quizzically, Sherlock looked over John’s expression. For a moment, he noticed the doctor had gotten enraged but for the life of him he couldn't understand why. He knew that logically the rage was not directed at him, but if not him then who? Before he could think too deeply on the matter, John was asking him something and he had to pull himself from the entrance of his mind palace, now was not the time for deep thought. “If you would like to” he agreed, not overly enthusiastic about the concept. At least they had no cases at the moment, the new experience would kill time.
“Sherlock, you do it all the time. Half the time I wonder if you even notice I’m not there. Now go on” John insisted with a smile.
Sherlock hadn’t fallen asleep, his mind was far too active for that. He simply laid beside John and watched the other once he was sure that he was asleep. John looked different when he slept, he looked relaxed which was certainly odd. If Sherlock had to describe him on a regular basis he would probably say that the good doctor usually looked like a disgruntled hedgehog. He smirked a little at the thought but the smirk fell when John began to stir. John’s face began to scrunch up and he looked like he was in severe pain, the next thing he knew, John was awake and in a panic. The man apologised and Sherlock watched him for a moment, trying to assess the problem and failing miserably. Ignoring that, he moved over to John and laid beside him, “Are you alright?” he asked softly.
Nodding, Sherlock retreated out of the bathroom and waited for John to take the lead. Despite his bold proposition, he still found himself out of his element. Yes, he wanted this in every way, but it was something that threw his usual calm attitude straight out of the window. He was brought out of his thoughts by John who had at this point taken hold of his hand and was smiling at him. Somehow, that smile eased the tension in the air and Sherlock found himself following John to the bedroom. In a way, what he expected wasn’t what he got. Considering past experience, he assumed that upon their arrival to the room, John would simply push him down on the bed and claim him, spilling inside before getting on with the rest of his day. Crude as that was, it was hardly an abnormality for some people. He didn’t even notice John had let go of his hand as he went to remove his pyjamas.
Of course Sherlock noticed his friend’s struggle and he couldn’t help but smile a little, “You know you don’t have to wear a shirt right? You didn’t last night and it wasn’t an issue.” he commented, rolling over so that he was facing John while resting just a little closer. He debated whether or not to just cuddle up to him and see what happened but then the realization that he himself wasn’t wearing a shirt came to mind. He had completely forgotten for the time being that if anyone should be wearing a shirt, it should be him. Since he had left John all that time ago after the Fall, he had landed himself in Serbia and the scarring on his back was there still, the long marks still slightly raised but no longer their deep red colour. Rolling back, he laid flat, staring up at the ceiling and mentally cursing himself for not considering this earlier. If he put his own shirt on now, John would surely notice and perhaps feel self conscious himself but if he didn’t… The thought of John seeing him in such a state was very… not good.
“Because I love you… I always have. And with the way I look at things, your own happiness pales in comparison to that of the person you love.” John said without missing a beat. It was true, at least for him. If you love someone then your own happiness can be fulfilled quite well by witnessing the happiness of the other.
For a few moments Sherlock was silent as he processed exactly what John had said. At first he wanted to react in his usual fashion, scorning the idea of love and it’s so called effects and denouncing any form of intimate attachment as nothing more than a chemical defect. But now it was different. He found himself stopping, listening and most of all, he found himself paying attention to everything John said. It made sense when he really thought about it, whenever John was happy, he felt it himself. He took a breath and shifted closer to John, placing a hand on the other’s thigh, “Tea would be lovely, this…” he said, using his free hand to gesture between them, “We can work on after ok?”
Despite the fact that John was being kind, Sherlock knew that logically, he had the better bed for two people but when he went to say something, he felt… awkward. It was certainly strange but he tried his best to swallow the feeling down and took hold of John’s wrist until he could articulate what he wanted to say. He cut out the long winded explanation he had and went straight for logical thought, “My bed is bigger… it might be more comfortable for us” he suggested. It probably seemed strange but there was something about the idea of John Sharing his bed that made his stomach flutter a little, he couldn’t place the reason for this though and shook it off.
“I haven’t eaten in four days so yes I will be joining you. You don’t eat like a pig John… more like a dog if anything. Pigs scarf their food down no matter what it is and they make a royal mess of it all. Dogs are far more refined in how they eat, they will eat what they need and finish every scrap.” Normally this type of comment would have made people look at Sherlock with sheer disgust or they would be affronted. He was pleasantly surprised however to find John was laughing, crinkles forming beside his eyes and a smile on his lips. He did love to see John laugh, it was a rare occurrence with all that had happened in his life especially as of late. With Mary out of the picture along with little Rosie, John had become withdrawn for months, only recently had he begun to come back to his usual self. For a while, Sherlock had to admit, he had become rather concerned for John’s mental health, keeping a close eye on him and even asking a few others to do the same when he was not around. He knew that John would find that more than a bit not good if he ever found out but Sherlock was confident that situaution wouldn’t arise. Focusing on John’s facial expression, Sherlock began to smile too, he usually did whenever he saw that curl on the edge of the other’s lips.
Reaching over, John turned off the lamp on his bedside table before wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s thin torso, “Goodnight Sherlock, I love you” he whispered, gently kissing the top of Sherlock’s head before he felt the need to sleep begin to overwhelm him.
Sherlock went to argue but stopped, John was right, “Well then… let’s go” he said, grabbing his coat.
“Yeah well it’s not for me Mrs.H. I figured Sherlock could do with having something to eat for a change” he said with an involuntary smile. It’s something  John had noticed some time ago, when he spoke about Sherlock, a smile would always creep up the sides of his lips before he could do anything to stop it. It used  to bother him, these days it didn’t though.
The words echoed in Sherlock's head. John's soft voice echoing around the halls of his mind palace. He was leaving?  But they barely know each other. John was the first interesting person he has ever met. He stood there blinking . The words continued down the halls of his mind like a song on repeat . He didn't notice he had been quiet for too long until John put a large  hand on his shoulder.
"Our grandfather was he's the one who gave us this place . " Dean said fondly. He rounded the car popped the trunk open "Come get your bags Jumpers . We got a lot of work to do if you want to get home. "
Sherlock just nodded . He looked at John's blood covered jumper. "You are filthy. Don't you have anything clean to put on?"he asked with a sneer. He brushed the doctors hands off his legs.
John's face dropped fear and sadness filled his features...Sherlock could see the way John clenched his right fist, left hand trembling  .
He  listened to the angel describe what exactly the necklace Mycroft gave him was. John was exhausted . He sighs and pinched the bridge of his nose. This time change really is starting to take its tole  and after finding out he punched a real life angle in face he was ready for a nap ….
"  Dean sorry I didn't wake you. John said to let you sle-" Sam started - Dean didn't let him finish.
He stood by the door, face in pain,  brows knitted together in worry . He gazed into the dim candle lit room. Nurses sit around his best friend lying prone and sick on his deathbed. The doctor looks over, it was a look saying it all.
John picked up the box and  unlocked  his door. His room was as posh as anyone would expect from Mycroft Holmes.  He didn't care about that now . He tossed the box and the envelope on the bed and went back over to lock his door.
The moment Henry's eyes meet the dark hair man's . Henry felt a familiar fear prickling at the back of his neck. He  couldn't hear over the sound of his blood rushing in his ears, he felt his heart skipping and sputtering his in chest .
The young boy glared over at John .” It sounds like someone stepped on a cat's tail. I don't know how much more  I can take . "
The room is like a museum. Inside there was a single man .  He was a strange man... bent over piles of books that covered his desk .
God he hoped this wouldn't backfire...the buzz he had was long gone ...now he wished he had at least a bit of that left.
"Don't worry about them Sherlock they were pigs...." He spat. "Come on let's get you up. It's only a minor sprain. "he said lifting the small boy to his feet. Sherlock's legs buckle under him again. John pulls the boy up and into his arms bridal style.
Him drop the phone ,It just missing the tub, it slid  just outside the tub, Surely he was misreading that  ...Sherlock would never send something like that !.. He quickly rinsed himself off and jumped out of the shower, wrapping his towel around his waist and  bent to pick up the phone, the open message still on the screen.(Thankfully not cracked )
Sherlock wasn't  far behind. ...it took a few more strokes before John witnessed Sherlock Holmes coming undone falling into a mess of euphoric orgasmic haze...they collapsed next to each other panting and sticky..
"Sorry mate  but you got the wrong idea. I was thinking of someone but he's a pain in the arse and you -" he placed Sherlock on the sofa "Remind me of him . Enough about that let me see your wounds. "  John stood up and flicked the light switch on then kneeled down and ripped what was left of the trouser legs off Sherlock.
Wilberforce puts his other hand over Pitt’s with  the need to be closer . He listens to the showly pained weak  breaths his friend struggles to make ..
"Come on this place has some nice clothing John . Maybe we can find you something better than that goofy jumper."
Slowly they made their way out of the Cemetery to the impala. John patched Elizabeth up and gave the girl a hug . If it wasn't for her Sherlock could have been hurt.
The car door opens and Mycroft slide in "Yes Doctor Watson Vampires ,Werewolfs you name it . - If they happen to slip past our security and make a mess.  Like the one you almost made . Sherlock here  identifies them for us . "
John ignored the nickname and perked up at the mention of home . At least they were not some crazy red eye demon or whatever the hell that Khoung bloke was....
The younger boy leans forward eagerly, eyes slipping closed as he opened his mouth and let his tongue peek out. He licks along underside of John's  cock, point tracing along the tip until he gets to the top and swirls around the head. John  moans lightly as he watches the older Sherlock snakes  his  tongue into the leaking slit catching his younger self’s tongue in a messed up sort of  kiss- John couldn't stop himself he grips the back of both Sherlock's head and thrust between both of their lips.
Still rather damp and in nothing but a towel John tiptoed  quickly down the hall towards Sherlock's bedroom, gripping his towel with one hand he knocked softly with the other, he could feel his heart racing, his breathing ragged he waited.
Sherlocks eyes widened in shock . Oh god he wasn't thinking he just....acted. He's never done that before. He stepped over a line.
A smile crossed Dean's face “ Don't worry you two will have your own room.” Sherlock caught that look in the older Winchester's eye “  And you know the rooms here are probably smaller than the ones in the bunker~”
“ Don't anyone take your  eyes off of that angel” Elizabeth clutched her wounded arm as Sam made quick work of applying the mixture and  cutting the angles neck . A glowing ,smoky ,sparkling purple universe like substance seeps like fog out of the statues neck and into a vile Sam held just under the cut.
John's head snapped up when Sherlock voiced his thought. " There is a sex shop not far from here only about five miles  " he  held up his mobile. " It's called Digglers ."
The chubby man nodded  " Precisely. Angels though, I have never met one . We are more than aware they do indeed exist.  The incantation written  on the necklace is the one to send you home .”
He opened the message and inside was a picture of John's lower body sprawled out, nothing on but Sherlock's skull friend doing nothing to cover John's modesty.
Sam slapped his brother's shoulder "Shouldn't we give them a bit of time to rest before we head out."
John just nodded ...He didn't care about small talk. He just wanted to watch Sherlock for as long as he could...If it turns out he's not aloud to remember anything from his trip into the past . He would beg to anyone who was listing to let him just have this .
Sherlock was digging around in a an old flat on the southern part of London. A dingy little place where no one really comes  beside the homeless and illegals.
John gasped out softly  as Sherlock's long delicate musician fingers run over his heated flesh..He licked his lips as he watched Sherlock in awe.
Sherlock looked down at John as he worked and smiled.  Where did this guy come from? He  was like a man out of Sherlock's wildest dreams . A sweet gentle solder who looked at him like he was the best  and brightest thing in the world. Sherlock must really remind John  of that someone back home.
Sam  laughed and clipped his brother on the shoulder “ you gotta use small words with this one Sherlock.  Don't worry I'm sure Dean already had crabs at least once. This place will do for the night. “
"Ah h'y Wild Bill get diez boys a room !" Another leather faced man , who might be from Mexico shouted to a man standing by the door . The messy mud covered man by the door grunted and nodded for them to follow.  Dean was the only  one able to escape . The men surrounding them started chatting friendly like they knew each other for years. Sam tried to keep up conversation . Something about a car or maybe even a boat: Sherlock couldn't tell. At a point Sherlock thought he heard some French.
" I know you don't like men -old man ,so its fine. Take it off!" Sherlock's eyes darted down over the bare skin of the doctors tan body and licked his lips slowly drawing his bottom lip in to nibble on it . God...this man was to perfect.... broad pectoral a flat stomach defined by years of military and physical exercise. He wasn't ripped by all means no..This man was broad compact and nothing but strength. ... And with those arms-God. He could pick Sherlock up with ease.  Now is not the time to think about that. He tugged harder at the jumper making John back away.
" Yeah fine ... John..." his voice breaks . " Maybe there is another way we can get you home . We don't have to get this grace... that demon might be safer .."
Henry jolted up . Had he fallen  asleep? He took a deep breath and looked around the room. His science equipment was in the same place it was the night before , untouched . Papers crinkled under his elbows as he rubbed the sleep from his face. He felt the five o'clock stubble prickle his palms. He hasn't thought about William Pitt  in 200 years.
The flight ended far  too quickly for Sherlock's liking . Dame Mycroft and his jets. He was so comfortable in John's arms and there was no telling how much longer he would get to spend with John.
A few hours and a few drinks later John was a little more then buzzed. Not incoherent but enough to make him a little to brave and unable to control his mouth.
Sherlock lay in bed that night phone in one hand the  other in his mouth wetting each digit with saliva. He sucked and licked each finger eyes glued to the image on his phone. .Reluctantly he pulled his fingers out his mouth with a wet pop. . Slowly he slides his moist fingers down his body.. Over his thin chest stopping at the tight nubs begging for attention . He grazes a fingernail over each nipple and gives them a soft pinch .
"Hi John~"she said giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek "So this is where you live hua ?" she said walking past John and into the flat .
There is at least seven men standing outside smoking by the few beat up cars. It was the kind of place that made Sherlock want to the lock the door. Sam and Dean both got out at the same time. It seems like a habit for the two brothers. They were so in sync Sherlock would guess they don't even realize they do it every time they get out of the car. Movement caught Sherlock's eye. The men standing outside noticed Sam and Dean and started to approach.
Khoung smiled a razor sharp toothed smile. " Just follow what's inside the envelope Doctor Watson and  you will be fine....I would suggest doing it before Mycroft returns. " he paused "also tell the man  I  told you to call. "
John found a few ace  bandages in Sherlock's small bathroom and wrapped him up. "There all better. "He patted Sherlock's leg softly  avoiding the bruises showing up. "You should get something clean on, maybe take a shower ."
" Wha! No way. You boyzwanna hav some craw'fish. " Dion smacked Sam on the shoulder " we cookn dem  up right naw-" (( what no way you boys want to have some crawfish)
Sherlock flips around with the grace of a ballerina to a proper sitting position . "I know who she  ..."
Sam and Dean came out of the store about ten minutes later laughing . They slipped into their seats.  " Did you see that poor guys face ?" Dean said between snorts of laughter .
The dark hair angel stands like stone next to the two brothers. Funny how they seem to orbit around to each other . Closer each time John looks over at them. They are closer than before. If one moves the other moves, like chess pieces Castiel stands in front of them like a knight.
Before Sherlock had time to process that feeling the car came to a stop in the middle of nowhere. Nothing was around beside a small hill and a never ending grassy valley.  Dean looked back at them and chuckled at their confused expressions. "Here we are boy's come on let's get you settled in."
The men around him with their hungry eyes. He knew he wouldn't get his cocaine the moment the men dragged him down to the dirty ground demanding money. Then....the hands on his body ....filthy, greedy, sweaty, clammy hands that rubbed, groped, touched and caressed his most private areas through the fabric of his clothing . Then  they started ripping it....their hands creeped under the tattered  remains of his clothing to his skin....He could still feel them all over
John's phone chimes softly on his night stand. The doctor simply groans and rolls away from the noise. It chimes again. Then again....Like a never-ending shrill. He lets out a long sigh and rolls over reaching blindly in the dark for his mobile. Once he located the device he let out a sleepy sigh not bothering to check the number before answering. "mm hello?" he grumbles his voice sleep rough.
..When he got out of the military with his health ruined he had worked hard to get that body back...He wasn't there ,still soft  but  he still had more strength than most 20 year olds..He  smerks and sends  it to her with a caption saying.
Excuse me my Lord " the skinny red-head demon said with his back straight and head held high ." The doctor seems to be more of a challenge then we anticipated.  "
" Fine. May we see the body before the idiot over the autopsy decides to ruin any evidence that might be left .?"
Sherlock's heart speed up. His palms  started to sweat and he felt something warm fill his belly . John's eyes were so blue like a bottomless pool. He tore his eyes away from John's and held back the  blush creeping up his face. He can't get use to the way John is so kind and honest about how he feels about him. Warmth radiated off of him in waves .
John took a moment ...a breath. A pause.....He was always ready to jump into danger and the unknown...but whatever was going on now was bigger then him.... He just found out time travel and magic were real ;that the post office had a secret bunker hidden behind a series of doors covered in the same odd marking. Mycroft knows this stuff exists  and how to deal with it .That leads John to his next question.  Does his Sherlock know this stuff exists?
He turns around  and rolls his eyes. "It's not a trick. I simply observe  and see what your idiotic lives consists of. Does your girlfriend know you been diagnosed with HIV from that dirty needle you used?"
John took the other man's small hand in his " We will. Just do me a favor yeah? Try to stay away from shady people...."
As they rounded the corner Dean took in the sight before him.  The men from earlier where jamming out to loud rap music, laughing and horse playing  with beers in their hands; Each playful bump of shoulders or misguided teasing punch made their beer slosh to the black gum covered payment.
" Our place is a bit hard to find so we will meet you at the Hastings Municipal Airport . Look it up. You will find it. When you get here give us a call . We can have a look at the item then go from there. "
"I'm fine "Sherlock grumbled . He had to pull himself out of this school boy crush. John was nineteen years older then him and he was from the future. Wait....Didn't he go home?
Elizabeth voice breaks through to him sounding a lot like Mycroft's. “Don't blink Sherlock!" She cries. "Blink and you're dead."
John sucked in a breath of course.....He wants to  laugh . He runs a hand through his hair. Even this Sherlock thinks  they are together . Everyone sees it ... He sees it . They live with each other, they fight over the shopping ,who's turn it is to do wash. They watch crap telly with Sherlock sprawled out on the sofa his feet on John's lap. They fall asleep heads rested together after a hard case. They laugh, and smile ,they joke and...
Sherlock's cold fingers pressed under the fabric of John's jumper ,then pushed the soft cotton up and over his belly .
Sherlock looks down at his mobiles  clock.  It was about time to get John up. They haven't got far on the research but the Winchester have an idea they want to try to get him home. The young detective gets up and lets the Winchesters know he's getting  John up then makes his way down the halls of the bunker.
He couldn't stop himself . He was tripping over the chair taking Sherlock along with him. He tried to catch them but his arms and head were still trapped in his jumper . His hand slipped off the table causing them to topple to the floor in an undignified pile of limbs. Sherlock now on top of him . He struggled to pull what was left of his jumper over his head. The doctor looked up to glare at the boy on top of him .
“I love you Sherlock, I have for years.... You brought me back from an extremely dark place. You gave my life meaning again... At first I thought I could deal with just being your partner, and friend, but I see now that I can't. Leeanna was a distraction from you, because I know you don't understand emotions I felt for you....Also, I wasn't into men..... Until I found you.  Or rather you found me.” He looked into Sherlock's beautiful kaleidoscope eyes "I love you Sherlock Holmes." He leaned in and kissed the unmoving man blinking at him softly.
……..the wet friction...sliding along the shaft up to the head ,  pulling the foreskin over the sensitive glands there .
A heavy weight of sadness crushed Harry's insides. His eyes darted  to the picture on his desk of the beautiful blonde woman he once loved. Of course Abe thought that was the source of his tears. Abe  never knew about William Pitt, no one did. He died over 200 years ago. Harry sucked in another long deep shuddering breath his body was trembling.
How ? John didn't want to ask... Sam and Dean  looked so sad when they said they  had it . The Winchester's  also had the
There was no doubt in John mind as he walks out of the main hall down to the room Sam showed him to before. That demon knows them . How do these two strangers know that particular demon? Do demons and angles just know were one another are ? He ran a tired hand through his hair . A few hours sleep - a short nap -should settle the nagging jet lag pulling at the back of his skull.. He needs a clear head to sort through all of this properly.
“Nicer. “ Sherlock finished “Much nicer.  I will even pay. I don't feel like coming down with a serious case of Pediculosis pubis.”
This Sherlock is still a boy with a school boy crush . He is an innocent boy who has his whole life ahead of him. This is the boy he saved from a brutal rape.  " There is no way I can do this ..." He didn't mean to say that out loud it just slipped...He was so tired . He wanted to go back home . Away from this temptation. This crazy backwards life he doesn't belong in .
The man holding Sherlock made a run for it  but John stopped him with a  shot at his feet . He yelled  . "Don't move! " They all stop moving fear visible in their eyes.
Sherlock took a step towards her not at all happy with the way she hurt John. He's never seen that look on John's  face before not  even with his past girlfriends. All he knew was that this girl had better not show her face around him or John ever again . Or he'd be tempted to dispose of her.
" -they are here to help with the Lexx case . And have high clearance from a reliable source.  So let them have free range on your resources , including your M.E. ,forensics ,and any other details you might have acquired on this case so far. That's all. "
" Dean we should be asking why they attacked in the first place." Sam looked back at John " You said you summoned a demon right. "
The young man glared up at him. Then started squirming in his arms "YOU DON'T WORK FOR MY BROTHER!! LET ME GO !!" he kicked and thrashed, screamed and yelled in John's arms.
Wow! Everyone Thank you for the all the support and the love . This is the longest thing I have ever written and its still going strong because of all of you.
The two of them laugh even harder . John pointed to Sam's back with a role of his eyes. Sam reaches back and pulls off the sticky notes .
He felt her small hand on his shoulder and helped him back up slowly... His body started moving again.
John  got on his knees and slid between Sherlock's legs.  He hasn't pushed him away yet...that's good . That big brain of his is working to hard to process John's confession.
The moment they seen John's gun all the fight left  them. The young men put their hands up and dropped bats and crowbars to the floor. A tall man with a bald head and tattoos from neck to fingertips steps forward hands still in the air . "Ah, come on old man don't  be like that. How bout we make a deal? yeah?"
He looked over at the younger version of Sherlock who has began  nodding off beside him . His head dipped and lulled for a moment then  his eyes snapped opened.  He leaned forward elbows on his knees.  Then his eyes would droop again and the process repeated in an adorable fashion.
John shutters when Sherlock places a cool hand on his forehead . " It is rather hot. " Sherlock  shuffled in closer and smoothed his small cold hand down from John's forehead to his temple and began tracing John's jaw with feather light touches, softly guiding  John so he is  face to face with crystal kaleidoscope irises.
" Bloody hell old man what are you doing !!" The younger man protested and kicked but when Sherlock felt like he might fall he latched both arms around John's wide shoulders then around his neck holding on to the man who just saved him. "you....better not tell my brother about this! "he said feeling his face heat up.
He fired again and again , brought them down one by one ; the ones that got to close he  stabbed with the silver blade. Each demon glowed ,screamed and fell to his feet. John was fighting back the robotic voices that came from somewhere deep in the recesses of his mind. The demons dwindled down to a pathetic few. One got behind John ,Dean pulled it off of him and stabbed it in the chest.
Sam was wrestling with two . One on his back the other he was giving sharp punches to the face. He slams  the demon on his back to a tree three times before it finally let go. The one in front of him lunged forward snarling. Sam kicked the demon to the ground and used his body weight to thrust  ruby's blade into its chest. He looked around there were only two left. He ran up to one of the last two and stabbed it right in the chest. He looked up , John suddenly stopped moving his eyes  distant. John was staring down the muzzle of his gun amend at nothing. Sam didn't have time to  get to John.  The last demon started toward him with inhuman speed. It was like time slowed  Sam reached out and tried to yell-
Once the hotels door slammed shut Mycroft's legs buckled under him and he slid down the wall. That man was a force he's never seen before. How could anyone stand up to the King of Hell  and not blink an eye . Was it because John didn't know who he had summoned ? Or was he was just use  to adapting that it doesn't phase him that he just spoke to a demon? Or was he just foolish. Mycroft's hands trembled feeling something he's never felt in his life - fear...fear of this short man with deep blue eyes. Mycroft has faced demons, villains, mad men,won wars and laughed at real life night nightmares; but he's never faced a man like John Watson . No wonder he sent this man back.
"That was terrible Dean . "  They were still laughing once they made it out of the parking lot. Sam looked back at their confused companions.
John nodded he didn't know what was going on but he shoved the envelope into the back of his trousers.  "Thanks for this. "John hurried out when he heard the faintest.
did you show me !! Where the hell did you even find this !! No you know what I don't even want to kno-"anger filled him,bile was forming in his throat ...Oh god he was going to vomit.  A cold sweat prickled at his skin and his heart-felt like it might implode.
"How you feeling ?" he set a cup of tea on the table in front of Sherlock ."I made breakfast .  You can eat after you wake up a bit. Do you need help to the loo?" John asked, an edge of worry invading his tone.
The sweet lick of adrenaline is  wearing off . That rush was tapering down like he was coming down from a high. Why did he have to drag Sherlock along with him? The poor boy didn't need to be involved with his fight.  John looked over at Sherlock he looked like he was asleep...No way he would be sleeping after all of that....Maybe the boys just worn out. John wanted to pull him over the seat and into his arms, he didn't-  instead he patted him on the shoulder softly  . "  Should have keep him home. " he mumbled to the bothers.
He let out a sigh...why did he feel this way.  Didn't he just want to sleep the man? He was gorgeous and just his type - Sherlock couldn't lie to himself.  This man, John Watson has changed his life in a way no human being has . He felt something tingle behind his eyes  . He willed it away before it could spill over .
Slowly John leaned over to Sherlock hand still in the soft black curls not to hold him there no. If Sherlock wanted to move he could... He just wanted it there because he loved the feel of the soft curls tangling around his finger tips .
"You seem to have a lot on your mind" Sherlock said in a board tone. "Care to elaborate about what it is . Not that I care . All I want to know is why you are still in my flat ?"he would never admit it but he enjoys John's  company.
Also- I am  a native Russian . So I never been to Lousiana  - if my "Cajun" accents are terrible I'm sorry . I'm going off of what I researched and heard from American's from that part of the county.
There standing no further than ten feet away, elbow deep in a body . Stood a man that looked so much like a man from somewhere in his past he thought he deleted .... But the moment the man looked up . Their eyes met all he could hear was the sound of his heart beating in his ears. All he could see was the man looking at him with an expression that most likely married his own.
John reached over and grabbed the small expensive bottle that laid right on top. Who would have thought that Sherlock Holmes stored a bottle of lube in his bedroom? He flipped open the cap of the tube and poured some of it on his hand. The cold liquid slowly running down his fingers, glistening in the light.
John looks between the two  “ five minutes that's it. Sherlock don't do anything remember we are not  in London .”
John starting running toward Dean's retreating back . " Sherlock !!" John screamed again . Sam ran his fingers through his long brown hair with a sigh and chases after them.
"What are you doing  here? Weren't you supposed to go home?" Sherlock  keep his voice steady . He tried to control his rapid  heart rate. He stood up and a pain shot through his side he wrapped his arm around his ribs - Yup he was going to have a bruise. On top of the ones he had from the kicks he received the night before. Perfect . No dancing for him for a wile .
Sherlock's heart was storming in his chest, he could feel his face flaming as he reaches out and pulls at the bottom of the older man's jumper up .
“ Everyone out ! “ He snapped again confusing everyone even further . “ Even you John I need to speak with Dr. Morgan alone.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes this is going to be a long drive. He just wanted to hurry up, get a room  so he can set his plan into motion. It won't be hard .Sherlock made sure to bring a few extra tight shirts that pulled at all the right places and  showed off his neck. He spotted John staring at it whenever he got a chance. Sherlock held back his grin.  He also brought a few special trousers.  He took a deep breath to settle his excitement. He leaned into the leather seats and  let his gaze wander out the window.  The landscape of the foreign country passed  by flat barren county side that seems to fall right into the cloudless starry  sky. Barn after barn ,country houses after small county house  dotted the land .  It is  beautiful. The wind rustled the long fields of grass . Bats and lighting bugs flew high in the clear night sky the night air that brushed his face in from the open window is so warm. This place is so different than the smog and constant cloud cover of London.
"Here we are " Dean's voice broke Sherlock trance. John tapped his shoulder "Come on Sherlock we are about to get a room."
She reaches over to one of the bookshelves and pulls out an old textbook. Elizabeth flips though a few pages the hands John a piece a paper   " Here's everything you need. Get them before the sun sets. Then we will meet at the cemetery at dusk. " She looks at them seriously her blue eyes piercing. " The payment might be one of your lives. "  She pauses. " If  we are careful  no one will die, but I can't make any promises "
He turned to Sherlock and moves slowly to him. "Sherlock are you okay? "he moved to Sherlock's side and went to remove the gag. To John's surprised Sherlock jumped away from him, fear visible in his beautiful ice blue-gray eyes.
No.  He was not about to wank one out in some strangers bunker ; in a foreign country with the chance of an angel walking in,  or '
" It's alright." John said  interrupting  their bickering"  Truth is I want to get home as soon as possible . I rested enough. " John glanced at Sherlock . After that dream he needs to get out of here as soon as possible.  That thing with the ice cream couldn't have been an accident.  It's dangerous to stay.. What if he has another dream or worse?
"Yes John. It is the langue carved  into the your necklace. It also it happens to be the written language of angels.
"  Apparently they are having a show tonight. " He mumbled to himself. He folded the paper and tossed it in a nearby ben. He looked  around the halls and stopped mid stride as he came up to a large window . His eyes caught a figure inside the room ,far to the right. In a corner away from the other students . His short dark curls  were pushed away from his forehead. The boy  bent back on his hands and flipped over in a slow back flip, then repeated the action in the opposite direction. He continued to move . Every movement elegant and  graceful.. It was hypnotizing to watch. John's mouth felt dry as he watched the young man lift his leg over his head  turn to the wall keeping one foot on the floor the other leg  laid perfectly against the mirrored wall
“Get out now.” He said, his voice no more than a whisper, but it held all the menace in it as if he were holding a gun at her head.
The tall puppy dog of a man smiles "Yup. There are two beds if your young friend don't feel comfortable being alone .” Sherlock walks past Sam and into John's room toting  his bag behind him . Oh yes he can work with this arrangement. “ Of course I'm sleeping in the same room as John. I won't let him sleep alone with the way America lets their monsters run free."
He knows he hit it here after John moved in ; before Lestrade and his group came barging in claiming the drugs bust.
" Seems those army trousers aren't just for show. " Sherlock mumbled as he crawled back into the Impala.
He switched the phone to camera mode, and angled it at his face making sure John could see the long column of his neck...
"Doctor Watson! " Mycroft's voice ripped through him like a hot knife "What the hell do you think you're doing summoning him into our county!? How the hell did you get that ritual! ?"
“ Let's get back in the car this weather is ghastly. " Sherlock walked up and wraps his arms around John's right arm  and  started pulling John back to the car . Sherlock's eyes flicked down John's chest and up to his face, he smiles  those crystal blue gray eyes sparking . His  eyes  made John's stomach flutter and tumble. He would melt if his Sherlock looked at him like that.
"This way "Mycroft said pointing his ever present umbrella ."Your things  are on the jet. And brother of mine. "He said grabbing Sherlock's arm "Do teach Doctor Watson how use some of the tools I supplied you with . You know the USA dose not have the protection we do so for your safety and his ...teach him. "
sitting in the boot of the Impala hidden under a  false bottom ( which had so many more weapons: Guns ,knives, machetes -
John smiles it's rare to see Sherlock  like this ; so peaceful and soft with sleep. The doctor moved closer to the sleeping detective just arms length away. John gently brushed a few stray curls away from the other man's forehead. This close Sherlock looked years younger....John may not know how old the man is but going by what he does know,  he would guess around his own age of 35.
John approached the boy carefully knowing all too well it's dangerous to wake someone from a nightmare. He sat on the bed . "Sherlock'" he murmured softly. No response.
Before long the build up was to much....John came inside Sherlock's thighs coating them and the younger man's  sack with seamen. …
John seen Dean wave his hands in the air . "Common Sammy , Cas already said there's not much we can do. It's too risky to use his grace. We need to find another way.  It’s either Crowley or Rowena. And I rather not deal with a witch right now !  He's the only one we have left."
The younger man went back to John's neck with  wet open mouth kisses , slowly grazing his teeth over the sweet skin
“How dare you!” Leeanna said glaring at Sherlock. “Johnny, honey, he's wrong about me I swear. You are the only man in my life, the only one I need.” She said batting her eyes at John willing tears foreword.
The angles eyes darted  to the doctors then the  pendent wrapped around  Johns palm. " Where did you get this?" He asked.
Sherlock felt a tremble of excitement fill his veins unexplainable happiness followed .He leaned down to grab his bag and   flinched as a twinge of pain shot through his body . "Well I wouldn't say I'm  busy ."
“How dare you, you trollop, a man like John deserves a much better woman than one who only wants to play games ! You only came over in hopes to have a three way with his flat mate. Now I am asking you to leave my flat.” Sherlock said pointing to the front door.
He was curious what John would do if he sent him a photo of himself ? Would he be angry?Surprised? Aroused?
"Clear your mind and think of home. I'm not sure where you will end up since I don't have a visual of where you want to go.  So you have to do it . Think of the date, time  and place ." Khoung looked down at John waiting "Close your eyes and get a visual ."
" So you're  telling me,  this MicCroft sent you back to save that kid .Then told  you that Bobby can get you home..-"
Sebastian's red face seems to get impossibly redder "Like hell I didn't give you the right amount! You just keep the stash for yourself didn't you , you little queer !" he lifted his fist again aiming at Sherlock's face.  Time seemed to slow down. Sherlock closed his eyes bracing himself for the hit.
He don't wait for her reply.  He drains the tub wraps the towel around his waist and sneaks out to the kitchen. Sherlock was at the window soft notes humming from his violin. ..Obviously in deep thought. Good.
Sherlock felt relief flood over him. "Good that's good. "He takes a deep breath "So to the States then ?"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and looked the taller man up and down . "How could I not notice John. Look at who  you are talking to . I'm sure my deduction  skills are a lot more advanced in the future then they are now . So I am  certain  my future self  would not miss a man like you living with him . "He bit his lip hoping John would miss that last bit. He was just being honest . John was a very noticeable man....Tall (compared to him )  ,well built, handsome ,with beautiful sliver blond hair that seemed to only make him that much more attractive.  He was also a Doctor, but that wasn't the best part . He was a soldier. ...A caption  and if his taste hadn't changed , that little detail would have not been missed .  That detail  would be and still is extremely appealing. The magazine under his bed is proof of that. Even with John's tendency to hide under fluffy jumpers and dress like his dad's hot best friend; he is  still very noticeable.
At first glance, the knife Dean held  appears to be an ordinary hunting knife with a curved, serrated-edged blade and antler handle However, upon closer inspection, symbols can be seen engraved along the blade.
Sherlock let out a fake sigh and snuggled as close as the seats would let him to the other man. He felt John tense up again.
He looked up at the sound of Abe's voice. HIs son looked at him with trepidation. Sucking in another deep breath , he smiles the corner of his right lip pulling up just a bit further than the left in what he hoped to be a convincing smile .
Was this the angle that demon was talking about? The gravelly voice of the red eyed demon echoes in his head -
They stay quiet for a moment just looking at each other eyes never leaving nothing but the sounds of their breathing and birds filled the havey space in between them .
John smiled he knew how it felt to be the one who had to clear the air when his companion did something stupid. John  was no Sherlock but he could see this man was use to apologizing for the shorter one.   He wondered if that short hair man was as bad as Sherlock. No. Most likely not.  John smiled and held out his hand to shake his. "Doctor John Watson this- " he said nodding to Sherlock, who has been unusually quiet and hasn't moved from behind John."-Is my friend Sherlock Holmes. And no you didn't offend anyone . The sign  made it quite easy to find you.  It's nice to meet you both. " he craned his neck as they made their greeting .It  was unfair he had to strain just  to look up at both of the American men.  He thought his Sherlock was tall but theses two had a good five  inches on him.
" Our grace is an energy of pure creation, which all angels are naturally infused with. It is what allows angels to access and experience our species' celestial abilities and attributes. Separating an angel from its grace will render us powerless or worse -mortal."
John let out a filthy groan as the shallow air conditioning flushed over his body " Finally-some air." he breathed and waved the neck of his shirt back and forth to get some air . " I didn't understand a word they said. " John said honestly. Sam and Dean both laughed.
" No " the angel deadpans like it's the most obvious conclusion. " We don't know how much grace this object needs . "
Halfway through the sentence the words echoed in Dean's phone as Sam  open the hotel door with a smile. Dean hung up the phone with a roll of his eyes and followed Sam outside  .
John had been outside trying his best to get ahold of himself. He knew it was stupid to be afraid of Sherlock understanding his emotions but he just couldn’t help it. Something about the idea of the detective knowing made his heart beat so erratically that he felt as though he couldn't breathe. It had been a while before he had managed to get himself under some form of control and he knew that unless he returned soon it would seem somewhat odd for him to just stand alone outside of the flat. Taking a breath, he took control of his heart  as best he could and stepped into the flat. He wished he hadn’t. ‘I don’t see why I should care, it’s only John anyway’ The words resonated coldly through the air and seemed to echo painfully in John's ears. He stood, simply staring at Sherlock for a moment as though he had simply misheard him, but by the look on the detective's face, he hadn't.t It was then that he felt it, as his heart clenched in his chest and his breathing stilled, a single tear escaped him. A droplet that felt like fire against his suddenly cold skin. Before he knew what he was doing, John had bolted from the flat, hurt suddenly radiating through his chest and tears beginning to sting as they followed the first one after the other after the other until they streamed from his his eyes. “Damnit!” he spat, wiping the traitorous droplets from his cheek with disdain. Why the hell was he crying over Sherlock bloody Holmes?!  Moving through the streets without as much as looking where he was going, John soon realized where he was when he was greeted by the glorious sight of his local pub. Over the years John come to hate the effects of alcohol with a passion as he had watched it destroy his family, but right now, he understood if only for that moment, the tremendous appeal.
When Sherlock came, John hadn't quite anticipated the reaction and was startled when all of a suddenly he had six inches of cock rammed at full speed down his throat. It took all of his focus and willpower not to gag. It was worth it, the sight of the usually composed detective dropping every pretense and allowing his body to react in abandon was beautiful. Getting his breath back took a little longer that John was willing to admit but in all fairness he realized that he was only going to lose it again in a moment. “Sherlock you don’t h-.... Fuck!” before John could even begin to protest and pull himself fully to his feet, Sherlock Holmes, a man who stood taller than anyone had fallen to his knees and had engulfed his cock with a near impossible amount of perfection. The heat, the moisture, the pressure it was incredible. Before John realized what he was doing, his hands had dropped into Sherlock’s messy curls and he was gripping them lightly, thrusting his hips rhythmically to match the other’s pace. It was bliss, John found himself lost in the moment, looking down at the man he had fallen for so long ago in awe. Oddly enough, when Sherlock’s eyes locked on his own while those cupid bow lips worked their magic, John’s pent up arousal washed over him and he came within seconds, the dam breaking and cum pouring into Sherlock’s magical mouth in a torrent of pleasure. “Christ!” he gasped out, pulling back and feeling himself wanting to cum all over again to the sight of Sherlock Holmes with lips parted, licking up the traces of pleasure that had leaked onto them. Falling to his own knees, John smiled at the brunette and leaned in, kissing him softly before he tried speaking again. “That was….well it was bloody amazing… thank you”
A few weeks went by, nothing unusual happened and certainly nothing noteworthy. Despite the development in their relationship, things in the flat didn’t change a whole lot. John quickly found himself in the same old rut he had been in year in year out: working some days, completing cases on others, getting takeout etcetera. The only difference now seemed to be the occasional sexual intimacy that Sherlock invoked from time to time but that was for experimental purposes John soon found out. It had been a bit of a blow if he was honest, they were laying in bed one morning and Sherlock turned to him stating something along the lines of, ‘John I want to try a new technique. Apparently the victim of the killer had a specific reputation in the local strip clubs for giving a blowjob with a twist. If i can understand its power over the rate at which…’ John had cut him off there and then. This was hardly the romantic  relationship he had dreamed of. Storming away, John went into the bathroom and locked the door behind him with a bit more force that was technically necessary.  “What did I expect?” he sighed to himself, looking in the mirror at his own disappointed appearance. Any attempt at being romantic for the sake of it seemed to get either brushed aside or rushed along after a while, Sherlock always seemed to find a reason why they couldn’t go out on a date or just cuddle and watch the telly.  From an outside perspective, people would probably tell him that he should have expected this, that he should have known things wouldn’t turn out as he had hoped, but for some reason he had foolishly wanted something more than to become further aid on cases. Ok Sherlock warned him, but even then he had someone come to hope that things would be different. Shaking all of the disappointment he could manage to away, John returned to the bedroom to find Sherlock long since gone. Great, who knew what results this would  bring along?
“Well there are no consequences, unless you count teaching me how to do this as a consequence?” Sherlock said with an awkward chuckle, resting his head on top of John’s and collecting data on the way in which a hug like this made him feel. It was odd, despite John being smaller, he felt safe and warm in his arms. Curious.
“I understand Sherlock, I do. We’ll go slow alright? After all I didn’t say this to you to rush things, I said it because I’ve nearly lost you again and again, I just needed you to know how I feel, no matter what the consequence was” he admitted.
“Look… I’m your friend and I will be here if you need me, remember that.” the doctor said calmly, holding Sherlock who was clearly distressed as he spaced out in his mind. Soon enough he let him go and stepped back, “How about we go out for dinner tonight? Get away from here so we can clear our heads?” he suggested.
Looking at the space between them, John shuffled closer, “Just didn’t want to hog the bed” he said with a small shrug. He struggled with his shirt a bit, the material twisting and riding up with his movement. There was a reason that he rarely wore a shirt to bed and this was it. Sighing in defeat at the still twisted fabric, he laid back and closed his eyes.
John swallowed, his eyes had glanced across to Sherlock as he stretched and had landed on the obvious protrusion in his lap. He knew he should look away, of course he should but how could he? At that moment, all he wanted was to move closer to the detective, take the opportunity while his arms were up to straddle his lap, grab his wrists and pin him to the bed. He would kiss those lips with the hunger that rolled through his entire being, take the plunge and go all out. In a way he found it odd that he wanted that, after all he hadn’t exactly been attracted to a man in such a way in a long long time but now… Shaking his head a little in the attempt to clear his mind, he looked up to Sherlock’s panicked grey eyes and smiled,  “It’s alright, it’s all fine ok?” he said gently.
