“You’ll be alright without stopping?" Cas asks. There’s no -” a shuffle on the other end of the line, a disgruntled ‘
“Totally pragmatic,” Dean says, teasing at the edge of Cas’ boxers, some ridiculously cheap polyester things that Dean is horrified to admit might be the only pair of underwear Cas owns.
Cas takes his hand and tugs him down, aiming his flashlight at the bushes which are full-to-bursting with perfectly ripe berries.
, it’s serious, “who still needs help tying his shoes be expected to -”
“There are so few case studies to draw from. And my situation is slightly different than Anna’s. When she fell, she assumed the form of a human infant with all attenuated mental capacities. Her angelic memories were compartmentalized, packaged away, to preserve her sanity. And that of her human parents.”
oh.” A smile then, twisted and all teeth.
"Fred Rogers," Cas says quickly with a decisive nod.
“Cas, man, you there?” he hears Dean call from down the hall some time later, just as he is depositing the last of the rubbish into one of the bunker’s many mysterious trash chutes that seemingly empty straight down into the earth. He had hoped to mop next, but it can wait. At least the worst of the evidence of that night is gone. He hurries out the door to meet Dean, hoping to cut him off before he sees - too late.
"Oh. Well..." Cas scrubs a hand through his hair. "That's okay. We can take a break."
Cas groans, letting his head thunk onto Dean's shoulder. "We should talk about this first. About so many things."
“I’ll hold you to it.”
“Sam.”
Cas rests his forehead against his used-to-be-totally-flat belly and just breathes against his skin, interspersed with the occasional kiss as Dean runs his fingers through his hair, heartbeat settling.
Dean relaxes, rocking into him once more before disentangling himself and settling on his side. He tugs at Cas until Cas is pressed with his back against Dean’s chest, one of Dean’s knees between his. Dean presses a kiss to the nape of his neck and another over the knob at the top of his spine, and he feels Dean’s dick nudging at the juncture where his thighs meet his ass.
“While there is probably little I can do to assist, if you would like to talk about it, I am happy to listen.”
“I’m not sure I’m interested in a one-time thing, Dean,” Cas says, looking directly into his eyes. “Actually, I’m quite sure that I’m interested in something quite the opposite.”
Cas smiles.
“I wouldn’t have saved your life only to fellate you to death,” Cas says, head tipped to the side and smiling like he’s proud of himself.
"Oh, yes. I wasn't sure if you'd - I didn't want to pressure you. Your mind is your own. Only show me what you want me to see."
Dean shrugs, coming up blank.
Dean’s going to fix that.
“Maybe you should ride the coaster again,” Eileen says, squeezing his shoulder, “to see if the same thing happens?”
"What about a burger though?" Dean goes on. "I deserve a burger. I dug up a goddamn grave yesterday!"
“Dean?” Cas says from underneath him, voice muffled.
That’s mostly true. He is tired, down to his bones, but he knows from his last foray into humanity that a bit of baseline weariness is to be expected.
They sit with that another minute or two, until by unspoken mutual agreement, the bunker’s excellent water pressure and the prospect of a nakedness improved only by the addition of water beckons.
,” Dean says.
Dean gets an eye roll in response. Castiel, Angel of the Lord, the sassiest soldier in the garrison.
Sam says it's healthy. Says he's
Cas laughs wetly, pulling Dean closer and bringing their mouths back together, smiling into the kiss. He should smile all the fucking time, every day for the rest of their lives.
“What’re you looking for?” Sam asks, around a mouthful of those awful root vegetable chips he always insists on getting at the only health food store within 200 miles.
Cas takes his face in his hands, eyes a little wild, and kisses him firmly. “You’re a genius.”
“Dean, again - again,” Cas gasps, even as he’s still coming all over Dean’s fist on his cock, Dean buried inside him.
Cas tips his head to the side, questioning. "I didn't."
The thing is, of course he does. He wants to get in the way real, real bad. But Cas isn’t supposed to be able to tell.
“What thread count?” Dean quips.
So far, it’s taken all of Cas’ concentration to keep up with Dean’s mouth, and his hands have stayed uselessly slack at his sides when they could be touching instead. Around Dean’s middle they go, featherlight on his back like he’s barely allowed this indulgence. Dean just presses closer, warm and sure against him like this is something he can actually have. Cas slides his palms up, over Dean’s shoulder blades, down again with the tips of his fingers in the divot along either side of his spine.
Dean clicks the TV off, losing all the light in the room except for what creeps in around the cheap blinds from the over-lit parking lot.
"Deeean.”
Dean watches the fan spin overhead as he comes down, the blades making a quiet click on every tenth rotation or so. Cas drags the tip of a finger through the combined mess on Dean’s stomach, creating a cool, wet trail up to his chest, around each nipple, along his collarbone, and into the dip of his throat. Painting him. Dean shivers, and closes his eyes as Cas dabs at another pool of come and brings it to his cheek. It feels gorgeous.
“He once tried to buy me an ice cream on the Santa Monica Pier.”
Dean summons his bravery. “Okay, so how’s this. We’re both kinda trying something out, lately.”
Dean seriously considers kissing him. He’s starting to think Cas might let him.
Dean ruminates on that for a minute. It’s quiet out here. There’s the usual buzz of bugs and chirping birds, and it’s surreal not to be hunting. He’s got a thrumming under his skin that’s equal parts having Cas next to him and the bone-deep hypervigilance that comes from being in the woods without something to kill.
“You don't look at me like other people do, who want me.”
already in bed with me.”
The next day, Dean’s heating up a pan on the stove to make breakfast when he reaches into the utensil drawer for a spatula. Instead of his usual, half-melted piece of shit, he finds a brand new one. Silicone with a stainless steel handle.
The sun is setting as Cas wades into the river again, his jeans rolled up to the knee. He bends down, hands moving over the surface of the water as he speaks in a low voice that Dean can’t make out.
“As if you, after everything, didn’t have cause to do the same.”
“Hey, for the record, that asshat tried to
Dean bites back a laugh, desperate not to cut off Cas’ stream of consciousness blathering.
“‘Everything’ sounds about right to me.”
"What? We will?" Dean says, shaking himself.
Cas nods, satisfied. “You deserve that. It’s the least this universe can do.”
As long as he’s awake, he might as well do something more productive than lying here in the dark. He puts on yesterday’s borrowed pants and socks and sets out to wander. The kitchen is closest, so he stops there first. There are a few plates and bowls out, Sam’s blender and Dean’s whiskey tumbler. He sets about washing and drying, putting everything back where it belongs. After wiping down the counters, the front of the refrigerator and the inside of the microwave, and he can’t find anything else to do. Sleep still feels far-off.
“That’s not what I said,” Cas says before licking a stripe up the side of his cock.
“I enjoy writing with that really nice pen from the pharmacy in Salina,” Cas replies seriously.
“What does that fuckin’ even mean, man?” Dean says, tipping forward until he can kiss Cas again.
“How do you typically like this part to go?” Cas asks.
“Then when Lucifer - the rift. Man, I... you don’t know this,” Dean says, not making sense. “How could you know when I never told you? And I told Sam to keep his mouth shut, too, so. Anyway. There was this case, right before Jack saved you. Ghosts. I shoved a needle in my chest chock full of heart-stopper, and yeah, it was supposed to be temporary, it was supposed to help solve the case, but Cas, I wanted it to
“Is it?”
Dean tips forward until his head is resting against Cas’ shoulder. Cas brings both arms up around his back and holds him.
Um. Well, it's been a minute. Thank you to my friends for helping this thing see the light of day.
“Are you going to keep calling me buddy, now that we’re sleeping together?”
“It’s not the same, it’s better.”
"There's a paid lot two blocks west," Cas says. "And I verified in advance that the parking attendants perform continuous security checks. The Impala will be safe."
-The XX, Our Song
"Can I ask why? I mean, I'll help with the larceny obviously, but..."
Dean sinks back in his chair. Cas' face is neutral, completely blank, except for the barest hint of a grin Dean can see pulling up the side of his mouth.
. He knows better than anyone that sometimes, the monster isn’t a monster at all.
“Oh, uh.” Dean takes an oversized bite of a cornbread muffin as a diversion.
“As someone deeply invested in your continued well-being, I’m very glad to hear that. You deserve peace, up to and including the end.”
“You’re saying—what are you saying?”
“Cooking show or Scrubs reruns?” Dean asks.
with Sam and Jack - man, you gotta know -”
“That can’t be right, I mean...” Dean squints at them, trying to remember if the brandywines looked that pink this morning. “Well, I’ll be damned.”
“It’s late though, and I am mildly inebriated. Tomorrow, perhaps?” Cas quirks a one-sided smile at him, but there’s a sadness to it that Dean can’t begin to guess at.
“We’re taking a trip,” Cas interjects with a long-suffering sigh, putting an end to it. “A long one.”
of this? Cas leads them through the bunker, pulling him along like Dean needs any encouragement at all.
“Nothing has to happen,” Dean says, and it’s the truth. He could happily kiss Cas for the next forty years as long as the water pressure in the bunker’s showers holds up. “There’s no rush.”
A slow grind is all his body can manage at this point, the come on his stomach and chest dirtying up the slide of their bodies together. He gets his tongue in Cas’ mouth again, pulls every trick in the book until Cas goes rigid beneath him, cock pulsing. God, he loves that feeling, filled up and useful and taking what Cas gives him.
“Talk about world-saving,” Dean says, marveling. How had he never thought of that common thread before? He pulls out his phone and scrolls down to where they left off on the list. They’ve got the whole afternoon to kill before picking up their misplaced monster this evening. “Alright, next up. ‘What do you value most in a friendship?’”
means something. And shit - maybe to Cas, he does.
The motel room has one bed, because of course it does. The guy at the check-in desk must’ve taken one look at Cas half-draped around Dean and made an understandable judgement call. Dean pours Cas into the room, propping him up against the wall as he double locks the door.
Dean steps over to the meticulously organized tool rack Dean himself had built earlier in the summer.
“No, no clue. Shit, Cas. It’s so good to have you back. You’re on your way?” Sam asks.
“Nothing incriminating. Something about crab cakes in Cape Cod. You weren’t especially articulate.”
“So yes, to summarize, my perfect day is this one. Nobody I care for is in mortal danger, you and I are not in conflict, and despite what you may say, this coffee is excellent.”
Cas shrugs. “I couldn’t sleep, and just figured -”
"But -"
“I suppose I do. But that information is personal.”
“No one says ‘paramours,’ Cas.”
"Yes, please."
Cas smiles. “Don’t be. Like I said, we have this in common. Look at Jack.”
“A conversation.”
buy you diarrhea seeds. We share a bathroom, for Christ’s sake. There’s this thing called
The sessions with Naomi make Dean flinch. Cas is killing copies of him at her command, hundreds of begging, pleading Deans, over and over again. But when it's actually him, Cas drops the knife. This part, Dean remembers for himself, albeit through the pain-soaked haze of a broken nose and jaw. The explanation for what broke Naomi's hold on him though - that's new.
Cas returns just as Dean finishes plating the last of the pancakes and pulling a pan of sausages out of the oven. Jack offers a friendly wave when he rounds the corner behind Cas, going automatically for the plates and silverware to set the table like someone actually taught him manners sometime between his birth and first or second death.
Hyacinth returns, setting two tall glasses on the table and giving them a totally unnecessary little bow before leaving.
"Okay?" Dean says, completely confused. "Wait, I didn't think we had any neighbors. This place is in the middle of goddamn nowhere."
But this is Cas. Who is he kidding, he’s scared shitless.
“Nah, buddy. We’re cool." He gives Cas a stilted pat on the shoulder. "You just - take it easy.”
“Are you sure?” Cas thumb follows the seam of his jeans on the inside of his knee.
He takes Cas into his mouth, deep, tongue pressed to the underside, hollowing his cheeks to suck on the withdrawal. He sets a slow push-pull pace with one hand on the jut of Cas’ hip, the other on his ass, fucking Cas into his mouth.
“You’re saying - you’re saying I...”
"’People,’ right. Definitely not...you."
Cas isn’t done though, apparently. Dean’s just hanging on for the ride when Cas uses both hands to spread his legs apart before reaching up and swiping at the come that’s managed to pool in the dip of his throat. Dean feels like he’s lit up, and so damn close to Cas like they're living in each other’s skin, stuck in the best feedback loop of all time.
She takes him by the elbow, grip reassuringly strong, and guides him to a bench. His legs practically give out when he stumbles to a sit, and she rubs his back in soothing circles as he tries to get a handle on his breathing. Anybody passing by would think he was having a moment about the loop-the-loops or whatever, not about having just seen...who he thought he saw.
"And I, you."
“Too much?”
“Better,” Dean says with his mouth full.
“Did you know I have a text chain with Jody and the girls? Sam’s not on it. We...we’ve been doing a group watch of Orphan Black. So that’s pretty warm, I think.”
“Got it. Then no. I don’t rehearse before phone calls. Who does that?”
Cas sucks a kiss on the back of his neck, the scrape of his teeth egging him on and oh, he isn’t going to last. Cas’ dick slides against his hole, just tagging the rim, and that bit of fleeting friction has Dean groaning and coming into his fist with Cas close behind.
Cas snags the phone out of his hand, pressing the speaker button.
Cas sets down his fork and knife, and fixes the full force of his quiet attention on Dean.
“A lobsterman’s gear. What do you think?” Cas replies, playing it straight and enjoying the way Dean’s throat bobs and his tight little nod as he wars with himself between politeness and honesty. “I actually kind of like the boots, but they’re a little big.”
“You’ve done this before then?” Cas asks, looking down at him without a trace of judgment.
“Pretty much. Just put some on your dick and go to town.”
for your martyr complex,” Dean groans, pulling the pie close and earning a chuckle from Cas. “But this is an easy one.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth quirks up.
“Whatever you’re going to say,” Cas says, kissing the warm curve of his shoulder, breathing the words against his skin, “I’m not going anywhere. Not if you don’t want me to.”
“There’s room seven, which is closest to the ice machine. That’s important. Oh, or room four, which is closest to reception, like if you need an extra towel or something? Or ten, at the end. Our most private option.”
Sam sighs, dramatic, and Cas can practically see his pinched expression through the phone.
Cas gets a hand around the base of his dick, rubbing the head against Dean’s bottom lip, dragging it across his cheek before filling his mouth again. It’s filthy and possessive and Dean
Cas lifts his hand, fingers moving in a delicate pattern in the air. The lingering light fades from the sky like he’s turning down a dimmer switch. An impossible number of stars blink into existence and a full moon rises to cast a silvery glow over the water, all within the space of a few moments.
"Better?" he asks against the side of Cas’ neck, sucking a kiss behind the curve of his jaw and over his pulse point.
“Alright then. It’s your turn to name a positive characteristic of mine.”
Cas tips his head to the side, and Dean loves him.
Dean digs in his pocket, and hands Cas a key. It’s heavy, tarnished brass to match the lock it fits.
“Have
Dean sets his spoon down unwillingly and rubs at his temples.
“Shit, you’re probably starving. You want pancakes or something?” He skims the menu, skipping over the bullshit options like oatmeal or shrimp and grits. Some things just shouldn’t be served more than fifty miles from the Carolina coast. “Gotta be honest, the biscuits weren’t great today. A little gluey. Maybe some bacon and eggs? Or, let’s see... I got the hash brown scramble once. It’s good. I think you’d like it. But, shit, you just space-warped back to Earth or whatever, you deserve caviar and top shelf scotch, not a plate of burnt toast and—”
“Come on. You know what I mean. And, hey.” He knocks his socked foot into Cas’ beneath the sheets. “You haven’t been real clear about that yourself. ‘Like humans have always wanted each other,’ isn’t that what you said?”
Dean laughs, and hangs up.
Cas uses his free hand to reach for Dean’s face, pushing him back just enough to take in the glazed, lust-soaked look in his eyes before he dips the tip of his finger inside. Dean’s eyes slip closed, his mouth open as he lets out one long, slow breath.
“You think the act of walking for leisure and relaxation is only for other people?” Cas asks.
Dean shovels up every last morsel of pie into his mouth and follows Cas out the door.
“Yeah, we’re good,” Sam says. “Jack too. Amara took out Chuck, with a little help from Jack and Michael. Then she took off for Venus. Something about better hot springs.”
“What are you -” Dean’s hand stills on the tie, the knot only half undone. “Is that Enochian?”
“You saved me, Dean.” More than once, in every way possible. “You’ve always saved me.”
“The hell?” Dean sputters, even though, truly, why is he surprised? It’s Crowley. “What do you mean he’s fine?”
“I don’t know, man. A lot of shit happened when I was growing up that your average shrink would probably say wasn’t ideal. Kids probably aren’t supposed to see that much death before the age of twelve.”
Dean laughs, and passes over a credit card.
The next hour passes interspersed with a volley of back-and-forth questions, mostly from Sam. Cas gets a more detailed synopsis of the final battle, ending with Chuck blinked out of existence. He wishes he could have seen it. He answers Sam’s questions about what he remembers from The Empty (nothing), and whether he has any theories for how he got out (he doesn’t). He gets to hear the joy in Sam’s voice when he describes all their friends, everyone on Earth, reappearing as though they’d never left.
“Surprisingly, your natural charisma wasn’t the first thing I noticed when you stabbed me in the heart.”
“So anyway, like I was saying, Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi was a gifted polymath. His lyrical descriptions of polynomial equations...”
“What -”
"Aaron Burr," Cas says quickly, his voice the deep rumble of the unwillingly awakened.
“Can’t say that I have,” Dean says, eyeballing the row of vacuums on his left. Jack brought home a Persian rug from a flea market in Kansas City a couple weeks back and set it up under the map table. They need a way to clean it properly. Something with a hose attachment too, maybe, to get the dust that settles on top of the kitchen cupboards and sets off his allergies.
Sam laughs. “I know. Damn right I know. So, you guys, uh. Heading to bed?”
Dean drops onto the end of the mattress, nudging Cas’ foot with his hip.
“Dean—I—”
“Not you, hon. Sam,” Jody says before he can offer himself up as a volunteer.
Dean helps him load the day’s take into the trunk, relieved that unlike yesterday’s, it won’t require a repeat trip to the food pantry.
“Hand me the pruners, please,” Cas says, extending a calloused palm out to Dean.
“Oh, uh - no, that was definitely... a team effort,” Dean says, looking at Cas.
Dean gestures vaguely at the space between them.
“You think we need to improve our -” Dean gulps. “That.”
“Christ was asexual, Dean,” Cas says, before he can say something else, like ‘please hurry.’
Dean wakes to Cas pressing kisses to the back of his neck, one of his legs slotted between Dean’s, and his dick against Dean’s ass. Coffee would be good, but all in all, this isn’t a bad way to start the day. Dean arches back against him, and Cas hums against his skin.
“I wasn’t ‘shooting my shot,’” Cas says, again with the air quotes. “I never had a shot. I knew that, and I thought I made it clear that telling you how I felt came with no expectation of—”
“Thank you, thank you,
is Dean Winchester,” Cas says to her, and Dean feels his ears go pink at the pride in Cas’ voice.
“Dean, I never wanted to leave, please -”
“Alright, two hours out. Hit me with another question,” Dean says, popping a Creedence tape into the deck and turning it down low as he avoids every toll road on the way out of Chicago.
“Holy shit, I’m an asshole. You thought I was going to step up, and instead I took you to that cathouse. Blew $80 when we could’ve just -”
“They’ve got their own lives,” Dean points out. “I wouldn’t want to ask.”
"You have contributed much to the preservation and betterment of humanity. It's understandable that you would like recognition."
“So when you said I’d be
Dean’s hands fly to Cas arms, gripping not to stop him but to keep him right where he is. Cas just looks at him, perfectly still, until Dean nods. He slides his finger further inside and twists it on the way back out, watching Dean’s face for whatever he’s always been able to see there. It’s been a long time since Dean’s had the chance to do this, what with the pending end of every universe. It hasn’t really seemed like the right time to treat himself. But now? He groans and shifts against the sheets, trying to get any bit of Cas further inside.
It’s as he’s tapping the steering wheel to the freight train rhythm of “Walk the Line,” Cas humming along beside him, that he remembers what they were talking about before.
The Empty stalks forward, places a finger under his chin to force his head up.
Dean spreads his legs a little further, an open invite.
“You’re the most quietly conscientious person I’ve ever known,” Cas says, eyes scanning over Dean’s face for his reaction.
Dean can't help himself. "You bet I've done harder things.” He may or may not attempt to sexily wink.
"Oh." Dean nods, swallows. It was only a matter of time, anyway. "Okay, yeah. I get it."
,” Dean gasps, one last shove against him until he’s coming, Cas’ own orgasm nipping at his heels.
“‘When did you last cry in front of another person?’” Cas asks, pressing his legs further open and mouthing at his thighs as he works a second finger in beside the first, slick and painless.
The only sound is the rain outside, along with the occasional crash of thunder. Dean hums, both totally relaxed and so goddamn turned on when Cas works a hand inside his briefs to help his cock through the slit. The feeling of Cas’ hot breath on his dick makes him shiver, and Cas doesn’t keep him waiting. He’s being taken in whole, and his hands find Cas’ hair and tug as Cas’ chin meets his balls. Cas just stays there, longer than would be comfortable or even possible for someone who has a physiological need for breathing.
“That’s bullshit,” Dean says, brow furrowing. “It’s just a car, it’s not more important than -” he trails off.
"Dean. I'm considering a life of crime," Cas says in a near-whisper, dropping into a chair at the kitchen table.
come like this. But tonight, he’s aiming for a little more.
“Let me suck you off, Cas. That’s what I’m saying.”
The hunt doesn’t go the way he expects. It takes Cas all of six minutes of hushed conversation with the teenage clerk at a gas station that sells bait, beef pasties, and Christmas decorations year-round for him to solve the case.
“Cas isn’t
Dean drags both hands under Cas’ arms and pulls. Cas goes, laughing, until his full weight is settled over Dean’s chest again and he’s kissing at the corner of his mouth, his bridge of his nose, the shell of his left ear. It’s stupid and fun and kind of gross - there’s a lot of as-yet not-dealt-with come to be accounted for after all, but Dean doesn’t care. Doesn’t care at all. Instead, he’s hooking an ankle around Cas’ ass and imagining what next time will feel like. He’s gonna get Cas inside him. It’s gonna be so good.
When he returns to the den, he sees Cas has constructed a makeshift bed out of couch cushions and an assortment of quilts and crocheted blankets, his black hair sticking out from beneath something embroidered with roses. Dean drains his glass, then clicks off the flashlight before pulling back the edge of the quilt and sliding in beside an already-sleeping Cas.
“No. I’ll bury you in the yard, Sam. I’ll do it. That woman is way too good for you.”
Cas thinks about that, about how to phrase his answer as neutrally as possible. “You...care for me. I know that. You’re my friend. You told me so.”
Dean thinks of setting off fireworks with Sam in that empty field when they were kids. Seeing Cas again under that streetlight when he thought he’d finally lost him for good. Charlie and Eileen. Jody, Donna, and the girls. Bobby. But those are people, not memories.
“Oh. That makes sense then, why I’m her favorite. All the ladies love me.”
Dean’s brain shoots off in a colorful direction he would never admit to.
“That fucking dick - when we get back, I’m gonna -”
“It would have been worth it,” Cas says with a shrug, like the possible end of the world is no big thing.
Next to him, Cas is quiet long enough that Dean starts to panic that he said something fucked up by accident. Wouldn’t be the first time.
Then before Dean can catch his breath, Cas is moving backward, resettling between his knees and swallowing his dick in one shockingly impressive go. Dean arches up into his mouth.
“Okay, sure.
Cas nudges his hip with his knee. Dean lets out a shaky breath and resigns himself to the fact of how embarrassing this is about to get (and already is). He heaves himself clumsily over onto his back, one arm flung over his eyes like that’ll hide anything.
“It’s as I always hoped, that there would be a way I could begin to repair what was lost, all the damage I did,” Cas says. “It’ll never be the same, of course, but—”
Cas lifts his head off Dean's stomach.
“Sure, but maybe not in the 80’s, you know?”
Nobody pays him any mind as he makes his way down the bus’ center aisle. He takes a window seat in an empty row near the back. The driver waits another twenty minutes or so for a few more passengers to pile aboard, but no one sits next to him. A woman and a small child are in the row across from his, and the child gives him a small wave before returning to dawdling with her mother’s phone. Cas leans against the cool glass of the window, and watches the scenery pass by.
"Well, that was the smoothest hunt we've ever had," Dean said, sliding into the driver's seat. The strain of digging up a grave in his forties notwithstanding, he's feeling pretty damn good.
“No. Wait, what? Well, I mean, kinda. I don’t know. Lives got saved because of what my dad taught me, what he put me through. Hard to argue with that.”
Cas looks down at his phone. “Hm. I think we might need to rework this one.”
?) would be a giant red flag. But for them, it makes sense that they’d speedrun through the typical relationship milestones a bit. Once you've been through more than a couple resurrections with someone, does it really matter if they snore a little or chew with their mouth open sometimes?
“That’s right, okay. Let me just -” Dean reaches over to pull another pillow under his head, getting the angle right. He gets his hands on Cas’ ass, tugging him forward until he can pull the head of his cock into his mouth, letting it rest on his tongue. He groans out a little encouragement, nudging Cas forward until Cas is the one hanging onto the bars of the headboard, hips stuttering forward so damn carefully, like Dean’s made of glass. That’s gotta stop.
Cas smiles. His hair is all in his face, ruffled by the breeze. Dean wants to tuck it behind his ear but resists.
“What? Who told you that? Sex is sex, it's pretty much always great.”
On a morning in late September, they pack the last of their bags and Sam and Eileen’s suitcases into the trunk of the Impala. Cas rides shotgun, Sam and Eileen in the backseat. It’s five hours straight west to drop them off at the Denver airport on the way up to Montana. At the departures drop-off, Eileen slings an around him and Cas, kissing them both on the cheek before it’s Sam’s turn, minus the kiss.
Dean eyes the creature, its gaze fixed unsettlingly on him from just above the water. “Cas, this thing killed two people.”
“How are you and Sam, after everything that happened?
A small, smooth stone appears in his palm the moment he thinks of it, perfect for skipping. He flicks his wrist, sending it out five or six skips across the still water. Cas nods seriously like Dean has done something impressive. He holds out his own palm, an identical stone appearing in it.
"And by way of sex,” Cas adds. “Lots of that as well."
“Thank you. I appreciate that. However, the one you use has sulfates
“Have you already eaten?” Cas asks.
“Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? If so, why?”
“Okay, alright. Like, some mystery cult, Dionysus shit? I can see where that could be, uh. Cool.” Understatement of the millennium. Dreams, indeed.
“I’d spend my days with you. I’d fight by your side, if you want to keep fighting. Or I’d rest with you instead, doing only peaceful things. I’d annoy you and love you in equal measure. I’d buy you soft clothes and sweet coffee and learn how to make you breakfast.”
Dean swallows, nervous and turned on and impossibly, stupidly hopeful. “You wanna...”
“Maxed out on talking? I get it.”
“You don’t wear it much these days.”
Some teenager in Serbia is killing Dean at online chess when Cas bursts into the study, looking frantic.
Cas doesn’t say where they’re headed, just tells Dean where to turn until they’re pulling in front of a plain brick building a couple of towns over. The sign reads, “United Food Pantry, All Are Welcome.”
The garden really,
he’s never had this much fun in bed before, ever.
Dean now has the delightful mental image of Cas, who was, at the time, a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, obsessed with the fits and starts of the grand American democratic experiment. And Aaron Burr’s eyes, apparently.
? Dean sent his brother jumping out of an airplane for a chance at a glimpse of Cas. No, he doesn’t mind. He scoots over and pats the empty space beside him and hopes that gets the message across.
though, that’s the thing. I want you to
The closet and dresser drawers are empty, naturally. He hasn’t had a need for spare clothes in several years. Perhaps he could borrow something to sleep in from Dean’s room before he finishes his shower. But that would seem overly familiar, perhaps. Something of Sam’s, then? The size difference would be noticeable, which would only draw attention to why he hadn’t chosen to pilfer Dean’s clothes instead. Everything is so complicated now.
Cas chooses that moment to lean across the space between them, one hand on Dean’s shoulder and the other on the side of his face as he kisses him so, so softly. Dean is hardly better prepared for it than last time, and he entirely forgets to breathe at the appropriate intervals. He’s leaning forward so dramatically that he nearly faceplants off the bed when Cas’ lips moves to his neck - where did he learn that, oh right, rebuilt him at the atomic level, he knows things no one knows. He needs - he
There's a "
“Well, thanks. So what’s the next question?” Dean asks, curious.
The bus stops in Portland, and the driver tells everyone to be back in ten minutes. Cas’ stomach has become more demanding, and he follows the drift of passengers out into the crisp air. There’s a hot dog cart to his left, a truck selling crab cakes to his right. And, across the street at the entrance to the station, a vending machine. A memory comes back to him, unbidden. Dean and Sam, a motel near Cincinnati. Sometime in 2008. Dean explaining how to push the buttons and hit the side of the machine just right to trick it into giving out a free meal. He figures he might as well give it a shot.
"I'll take your word for it," Dean says, sliding his bowl to the side with what seems like an entirely appropriate amount of existential despair.
He does what Cas asks, and Cas scrabbles at the door handle just in time to retch into the tall weeds at the edge of the pavement. He crouches down, one hand going to the dirt to steady himself as the wave of nausea passes.
“Yeah. Kurt’s son.” Dean picks out the bright blue spine from the shelf on the wall and hands it over.
Dean thinks.
Dean nods.
“This beach is a favorite with the locals, at least according to TripAdvisor.com.”
“How long have I loved you?”
“Is that - is that what you want though?” Cas asks, uncertain, even as he’s hooking two fingers into Dean’s mouth, wet and eager. “That sounds...”
“We’ve gone up against the devil and
“-calm?”
“Yes, Dean.”
“I’m not sure either of us were ready for this in 2008, Dean,” Cas says warmly against the shell of his ear. Dean shudders, his hands still gripping stupidly at Cas’ coat and that thing has gotta come
“Not intentionally,” Cas says between kisses to his cheeks, his forehead, his closed eyelids, moving his face this way and that and Dean’s lost in it. “Your longing is very audible, I can’t
Cas looks at him, glassy and uncomprehending, until Dean jerks his head toward the duffel on the desk.
Dean’s eyes fly open. He lies awake, wondering, until the rhythmic rise and fall of Cas’ chest against his back pulls him under.
“Hey, if I do, so do you. How about on the way back, I rub your back. It’s not - it doesn’t have to be
“We’re not in any hurry. I told her we’d pay for a second night.”
, who cares, Dean’s about to shoot off with his best friend, the love of his life, wrapped around him. Cas’ breathing has gone ragged, his other hand fisted in the back of Dean’s hair as Dean clutches at him and then everything goes white hot, tight, as Dean’s vision goes and he’s coming, he’s coming and so is Cas if the answering groans are anything to go by.
As if there’s anywhere else he’d rather be. He tries to take a few steadying breaths as Dean roots through a drawer, its contents rattling. Dean climbs back into bed behind him, then there’s the click of a lid and the sound of what must be Dean slicking up his dick. When he pushes between Cas’ thighs now, the friction is less and the slide smoother, and Dean seems
“A lot of things, I don’t know. A decade’s worth of things. Not really short on ideas,” Dean says, babbling. The understatement of the year. “But can you - I just wanna not think, for a bit. So maybe, uh, help me stop thinking.”
“That’s beside the point though,” Cas says. “What I meant to say was that I would like to fish. With you.”
Dean slings an arm around Cas’ waist as he hauls them both toward the bathroom, plopping Cas down onto the bench next to the sink.
“No, not really—just the zapping thing this time, didn’t get a good look.”
"Dean, over here," Cas whispers hoarsely from around the side of the house.
Dean laughs. “What, you want me to retire? The two of us can get a cabin in Wisconsin, do some fishing...”
“Two beings of supernatural origin attempting to overcome their pre-ordained purpose and create a meaningful existence built upon helping others.”
“You - you what?”
“This would be better if I -”
"How was it?"
“Believe me, I tried. Repairs to your intervertebral discs, correction of barely-perceptible scoliosis...unfortunately, the human spinal column is prone to injury from repetitive use and improper posture. You’ve spent more than your fair share of time behind the wheel of a car since I pulled you out of hell, and as beautiful as the Impala is, she wasn’t built with ideal ergonomics in mind. Not to mention, all of the beatings you’ve taken over the years.”
“Of course, Dean. Although you must admit, a ghost that requests assistance with departing this earthly plane is significantly less of a -”
Dean laughs, sharp and surprised, and grins at him. “What, you were staking your claim?”
“You mean like, dating?” Claire asks, and Dean feels all the blood in his body rush to his face. “Wait, duh, no.”
Warnings for non-graphic vomiting, anxiety, discussion of canon suicide ideation/attempt. So sorry.
“Jack brought him back, in a limited capacity. He’s part of Rowena’s administration in hell, specifically assigned to hell’s new rehabilitative function.”
“What I’m grateful for isn’t that she said it, Dean. I’m grateful that it’s true
They approach the first Indianapolis exit in the mid-afternoon. They could easily keep driving on to Springfield, but Dean is insistent on stopping.
Dean’s room is dark, and Dean steers them unseeing until the back of Cas’ knees hit the bed. He couldn’t say how they got here - there were stairs involved, the occasional stumble. Dean clicks on the lamp and then guides him down to sit on the edge of the mattress. Dean drops to a crouch, looking up at him from between his knees on the floor and giving Cas very particular, vivid ideas. What else is Cas supposed to make of the crown of his head, bowed as he unties Cas’ shoes and slips them off, other than riotous pornographic visions of the future? Cas’ pants follow, then Dean’s hands are at the hem of his shirt, skating over his stomach and chest with more contact than is probably mandatory as he pulls it over his head.
"Mmhmm. Do you think you'll need any more hoses? Got anything else you need me to mulch?" he says, pressing against Cas in a way that can’t be misinterpreted as anything other than an invitation to fuck in the backseat of the Impala.
“Okay, alright. Sounds stupid when you say it like that. Just, don’t think I don’t understand what you’re giving up.”
“Oh, gotcha. You can say the word ‘fire,’ Cas. I’m not going to break.”
for ten minutes. Or fifty years. He’d take either. Preferably both.
More than ten years they've been at this - the pulled punches of touches cut short. Dean can't help but be greedy now.
“I always give you my full attention, Dean. You’re rather captivating.”
“If you don’t feel comfortable continuing -”
This is
It’s Cas’ turn to position himself between his knees, and he presses a row of kisses into the soft skin of his belly until Dean settles, relaxing. Cas flips the cap of the bottle, pouring a small amount into his hand and rubbing it between his fingers.
“You want to know why I didn’t tell you sooner, in which case, it’s most certainly your business.”
“Uh, how do you mean.”
, not one inch of distance is okay, he’s -
It rings twice and goes to voicemail.
“You’re unkind. A menace. I should - I should...” Cas trails off as Dean blatantly shows off, dragging his tongue up the side of Cas’ dick before sinking down on it in one wet slide. “
“Yeah. I mean, no - not with anyone else, I mean. Just, uh. Alone. Never got further than...that other stuff...with another guy.”
Dean thinks of the quiet boy from that lake hunt all those years ago, he thinks of Ben before everything went to hell. That poor shifter baby, the kid at Sonny’s. Huh.
for fuck’s sake.
“Look, I get it,” Sam says over breakfast. “The jogging, the beer instead of whiskey, the
God, those eyes.
He backs away from the table, putting his hands on his knees and just breathing for a minute to keep it together. So, he’s seeing things now. And teleporting, apparently. Okay. Weirder shit has happened, right? He shambles back toward the ride’s exit, looking for Eileen.
“Wait, you thought I meant -” Dean points to himself, catching on.
“Yes. Jody took me to the free clinic in Sioux Falls when we visited last Christmas. Her very practical gift to me.”
but I don’t think he thought much past that. He wanted us to beat Chuck. We did. Now I just gotta keep going, keep at it until—whenever my clock runs out, I guess.”
He switches buses in Springfield as the sun is setting behind the trees, the golden hour casting his fellow passengers in their best light. There’s a young woman in the seat next to him, twisting and untwisting the cord of her headphones between her fingers, her dark hair covering most of her face.
“Hang on.” Dean reaches out to click on the bedside table lamp and then rearranges, rolling over to face Cas from inches away. “Why?”
and tries not to lose his mind.
“I don’t think you want more details,” Cas says, tugging on the covers currently wedged under Dean’s back. “Or do you want me to list the human fluids, pathogens, and substances that have made the acquaintance of the coverlet?”
. And yet, less than a year later, I was attempting to thwart the sacred plan for humanity all because you believed I could.”
“It’s perfect,” Jack says, neatly slicing his bell pepper chunks into strips before spearing them with his fork. Who taught him that? It obviously wasn’t Sam.
“I...I think I saw Cas,” he says, and it sounds so stupid that he keeps his gaze fixed on a spot on his jeans that’s worn threadbare and about to split instead of making eye contact. “Or something that looked like Cas.”
Dean shifts onto his side toward Cas, and the cheap bed squeaks along with him.
"I won't misinterpret your actions as anything other than -"
Cas' fingers circle his wrist, rolling smoothly onto his back and pulling Dean along with him. Dean drops down to catch his balance, his forearms bracketing Cas’ head.
They decide to stop for the night when the Chicago rush hour traffic gets unbearable. Baby wasn’t made for bumper to bumper on an eight lane freeway. Not to mention, Dean wants to find out if a bar he went to back before the first apocalypse is still there.
“It’s perfect,” Cas says, and Dean tips forward and kisses him until their breathing syncs, deep and slow and endless. It’s fucking surreal, having Cas like this—available and open for him to kiss for as long as he wants. Not going anywhere, not unless Dean lets him. Finally.
Deeper into the search results, Dean stops suddenly. “Oh my god, Paul Revere - that cannot be his natural hairline.”
“And if Sam fucking disappears during the drop? Is Carl gonna be cool about that?”
Thank you so much to my beloved, dearest ones for listening to the kvetching. <3
Dean steps away and shucks out of his overshirt. There are forearms on display now, and Dean might as well be fully naked for all that that arouses in him. But a question floats to the surface of his mind, the first clear thought in a while.
The last of the clothes come off, the bed covers pulled back. At Dean’s shivering encouragement, Cas spends as much time as he wants studying all that has been newly revealed. He turns Dean over and sits on the back of his thighs in order to catalog the freckles on his back, following the planes of muscle and knobs of bone with careful fingers until he has this all memorized, again. Or for the first time. Much has changed since Cas rebuilt this body from nothing.
"Sure," Dean says dismissively, looking around for a change in topic that doesn't get so close to dredging up any other personal vulnerabilities. "So, do you think you're gonna need me to build any more of those stick things for the green beans -"
“Little snippets, mostly colors. Some sounds that don’t keep well in human memory. I can’t make sense of it yet.”
“There is a nature preserve a mile east of here that is home to the endangered Eastern prairie fringed orchid. I’d like to see that, I think.”
Cas draws a finger through the condensation that’s formed on the side of his glass.
“No shit?” Dean tries to picture it. Crowley helping hell’s finest earn their moral GEDs. What a world.
“Took fucking
“We’re talking plenty.”
“Achieve orgasm twice via penetration and manual stimulation?”
“What, pray tell, could you have done differently?" Cas says pointedly. "And at what point in time? You’re not to blame for the cosmic misfortune that has dogged your entire adult life. And, as if my own romantic history is any more exemplary. As I told you yesterday, I once married a woman for insurance reasons, and that’s my
“You could give me something else to do instead. Something I’m good at doing. With my mouth.”
He goes on gut instinct, the heels of his hands pressing into knots of muscle on either side of the base of Cas’ spine, just above the hem of his pants. Why he started there, no idea. Cas doesn’t seem to mind, going by the breathy groans he lets out every time Dean presses down. The position is a close approximation of something that’s kept Dean up at night for years, with just the small matter of clothes in this version.
“So you said nothing has to change, if we -” He gestures between them, something clear and articulate he’s sure, “But if I wanted to kiss you again, is that a change?”
“Isn’t a one-time thing just about all that’s on the table? Unless you’re planning on trading in your Continental for a bus pass and relocating to the Windy City.”
“Not what I meant,” Dean clarifies. “Ireland sounds great. It’s just, Cas and I were gonna head up to Whitefish and see if Rufus’ cabin is still standing.”
They get lost in that for a while, Dean’s leg finding its way over Cas’ hip, moving together until Cas pulls away, just a bit. When Dean lets out some kind of nonverbal complaint, Cas is enough of an asshole to grin at him.
“I’ve always wanted you closer, Dean,” Cas says, like it's easy, as easy as his hands find their place on Dean's hips like they already know the terrain.
Cas thinks of prayers overhead, Dean’s raw and broken forgiveness and apology in Purgatory.
He rips off the seatbelt and then his hands are cupped around Cas' face, as if he’s going to - going to...
“Uh, like a planned thing?" Dean says with no small amount of dread, stomach sinking as he mentally sorts through the various cargo ships of baggage they have between them. He pulls the car out of the gravel parking lot, now wide-awake and vaguely nauseous. "You got something you wanna get off your chest?”
“I’d agree with that assessment, as your family is also mine.”
Then there's a cool, wet fingertip tracing at the skin behind his balls, circling lower until Dean's getting some real ideas for what they might do next time.
“You got it from here?” Dean says, detecting his uncertainty with how to proceed. His hand encircles Cas’ wrist and brings it back to his ass, going so far as to push their fingers together between his ass cheeks. “So you just - whatever you wanna do. Just go slow.”
unmarked graves in the middle of Nowhere, Arkansas to find the vengeful ghost taking out her frustrations on the family down the road.
“Fuck no. No way,” he says on automatic. The rattle of a tin can plane, the freefall, the ankle-shattering landing. Pass.
“If you wanted me closer, all you had to do was ask,” Dean jokes, their mouths an inch apart, but it comes out annoyingly sincere.
After a minute or two, another sound joins the mix, slick and rhythmic. Dean peers down at Cas to see him jerking at his cock as he continues to work Dean over, ambidextrous multi-tasker that he is. Dean groans, tugging Cas closer by the hair until his dick is nudging the back of Cas’ throat. It’s rude, it’s demanding, but the way Cas’ fist on his dick speeds up is a pretty surefire sign Cas doesn’t mind. He pulls back on Cas’ hair to give him a break to get some air, which Cas does open-mouthed against his thigh, breaths coming in harsh, little pants. Dean rocks his hips down against Cas’ fingers, three now, and gets his hand on his own dick to take over for Cas.
walk?”
"Cocoons of the invasive Jumping Worm, Dean," Cas corrects with a grimace. "From the genus Amynthas. They're an abomination, and I don't use that term lightly. If introduced, I'd have to start the whole garden from scratch, and it's too late in the season for the cold weather crops. So if you
Dean knows that isn’t a come-on. It isn’t. Just a completely innocent, honest turn of phrase that means exactly what it sounds like. Except that isn’t any better, because
Dean smiles and settles back into the blanket nest they’ve made on the floor, pulling Cas in against him and kissing his temple.
Dean doesn’t question it, switching into the right lane and onto the ramp to the tune of honks and a couple open-window curses.
"I'm sorry," Cas goes on. "I'm sorry there wasn't another way, I'm sorry this -"
“So beautiful. Next question. ‘Tell your partner something that you like about them already.’”
“Are you looking for feedback, or are these rhetorical questions?” Cas asks, keeping his eyes fixed on Dean’s face rather than the extremely interesting expanse of his bare chest.
“Oh. Uh, never? Like, a
, Johnny sings as they head on down the road.
“You wanna call for everybody? These are almost done.”
“I don’t even know where to start,” Dean says honestly. “I’ve had a lot of highs and a lot of fucking lows.”
, yes, that’s good. Don’t stop.”
Dean groans, face heating. “Oh my god, I walked right into that one. I meant your place in the agreement with Jack and the angels.”
Cas tries to distill what he saw down into words. English ones, preferably.
“Fuck, Cas, you gotta -”
"We'll take two of the Glowing Turmeric Sunrise, please," Cas cuts in.
Cas is on his knees, reverberations of grace-deep, vivisecting pain wracking through whatever passes for his body now, in this Nothing Place. He can’t be killed here, but the Empty is creative. He has nothing to offer it, nothing to placate its rage, not when he can hear the weeping and the screaming of every sleepless angel and demon ever consigned here in death.
“Jesus, Cas.” What’s he supposed to say to that?
“So how about another question?”
“Okay, Cas - I’ve got you on speaker. Dean’s here too.”
In the garden, Cas calls out instructions across the yard with military-style authority. He’s gorgeous like this, and Dean has no trouble imagining him leading a company of angels in battle.
Dean shudders. “You can
Second verse, same as the verse. Click click click as the car heads up the hill, Sam beside him, Eileen in the car behind them this time for moral support and to add another pair of eyes. They get to the peak, and—nothing. Just the perfectly normal plummet down the track to the tune of their fellow passengers terrified and joyous screams, around the loops and hairpin turns until they’re back in the station again. If Dean’s disappointed, he can’t feel it. At least not right now. Maybe next time he’s awake and horribly alone in the middle of the night, it’ll hit him. Cas is still gone.
“Son of a bitch did it again."
The drive from Grand Rapids to Lake Michigan is a straight shot, uneventful as Dean keeps an eye on the back of the truck thirty feet in front of him. Dean taps his fingers on the wheel to Zeppelin and sings along for the hell of it. The two hours fly by until Cas flips on the turn signal at the end of Highway 45. Dean trusts Cas’ judgment as he steers them down progressively narrower roads until they come to a dead end. Cas parks the truck and gets out, Dean meeting him in front of the Impala.
“...Oh. You’d...want that?”
“Really good, so good, Dean,” Cas gasps, as Dean synches up the movements of his hand and his hips.
That whole situation was weird as hell. Poor Daphne. I guess that’s what happens when you pull a naked stranger out of a river and try to marry him.
Dean doesn't realize he's stopped looking at the road until he registers Cas’ hand next to his on the steering wheel, keeping them from driving into oncoming traffic. Dean shakes himself and tries to focus on anything except
“I’m sure that wasn’t it. We exchanged several follow-up messages via his farm’s Facebook page about his methods for successful overwintering of Italian honey bees and practical applications for propolis. He was very...enthusiastic.” A pause. “Oh. I see now.”
Cas’ hands go for his hair, and that’s good, that’s perfect. Dean groans as he takes Cas’ cock across his tongue, against the back of his throat before bobbing up slow.
“For fuck’s sake,” Dean says, moving to his inner thighs and biting down until Cas groans.
“Gotcha covered. What time are we leaving?”
Cas shuffles behind him, and there’s hot, blunt pressure at his ass until everything is lined up and full and fucking perfect.
“Suffice it to say, he was happy to assist me with finding a way to protect you. And Sam. But primarily you. Can I just say, you really do seem to attract an unreasonably high number of non-human admirers? Your charm is apparently irrefutable across species and dimension.”
“Tell me again, Cas, come on and tell me again.”
Dean casts around in his mind for a moment before the answer floats to the surface.
Dean’s mouth drops open. And sure, people have wanted him, wanted to kiss him or fuck him or be fucked by him, talked about his cock-sucking lips and how good he’d look on his back or his knees. But Cas definitely means something else, something more.
that?”
The room has that clean, mostly-sterile smell that would be out of place in any of the thousands of motels Dean’s spent his life in, and there’s an honest-to-god duvet on the bed instead of a polyester coverlet that’s seen too much. He steps into the bathroom and doesn’t see one bit of mold or peeling wallpaper. Surreal.
“Yours were nothing unusual, for the most part. You forget, I’ve existed a long time. A very human desire for touch and affection wasn’t surprising. But that’s not all I found there.”
The cooking show is surprisingly engaging, and Cas finds himself rooting for a plucky girl with braces who wears a different bedazzled headband in each of the three episodes they watch. He feels his eyelids start to droop during the Mystery Box segment, and Dean clicks the TV off. It’s been years since he’s felt such an acute need for sleep, but it feels intuitive to roll onto his left side, tucking an arm beneath his pillow. Dean mirrors him from across the space between their beds, and they fall asleep facing one another.
Cas makes no move to get up right away, in the fingertip-buzzing aftermath. Dean would appear to be asleep, for all his breathing has gone slow and even as he lies tucked against Cas’ body. The only indication he is awake are the fingers he’s using to trace through the combined mess on Cas’ stomach. He weaves a cooling path along Cas’ ribs, around each nipple, drawing circles and spirals and what feels suspiciously like minor spellwork.
“...Well, yeah. I guess I do. What about you?” Dean says, turning the question around. “You finished condensing millenia into a few minutes?”
“I am, don’t get me wrong,” Dean says. “Man, you turned out to be a damn good dad."
A couple minutes later, Cas is pulling the car into the driveway of the garden house.
that’s what they are, now). Dean had understood.
“I thought you’d be - I was so sure - that you would be happy.” Cas says, thinking of the incandescent joy he felt in that moment, the clarity of purpose. “You would grieve for a time, but I was giving you that chance, that opportunity to go on and have the life you wanted, free of Chuck’s machinations. And I hoped, I
“Couldn’t fix that when you were reassembling my musculoskeletal system or whatever?” Dean slurs, half-drunk on Cas’ touch already.
"Hey buddy, uh, not trying to nitpick, but where am I gonna fucking park?" Dean asks nervously. He wants the burger obviously, but at what cost? "Baby doesn't do parallel."
He’s forwarded the last six or seven hunts to people who don’t remember the Clinton administration, and it’s starting to sink in. He’s out. For good this time. "I meant it. What the hell, let’s go to the beach."
“Yeah.” (Is he, though?) “Okay, the thing that’s important for you to know. Man, you know everything already.”
“Arguable.” Cas has memories of bleeding from the eyes that point in another direction. “But, our relationship did improve substantially since she near-fatally cursed me.”
“No, I’m not mad, fuck, why would I be mad at you for fixing stuff, for - for fucking cleaning up?” He rubs at the space between his eyebrows and takes a long, slow breath. “I might be a little mad. It’s stupid.”
“We are very grateful, goddess,” Cas says.
“Oh, uh. You mean after I - after I pulled a gun on him when we were getting puppeteered by Chuck. Yeah, not my finest hour.”
“It’s called sex appeal, man.”
“Thank you. Oh, and hamburgers, especially the ones you make.”
“I believe so. It’s convenient, actually. I’m out of shampoo.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean says.
Dean switches the windshield wipers on as a fine mist starts coating the glass, the sky clouded over.
Dean thinks of at least eighteen examples from his shitty, violent soap opera of a past to argue the point.
The waitress returns to their table and checks if they’d like any dessert. Cas asks for baklava and a Turkish coffee, and Dean orders the same.
“Hey, Cas! How’re you doing, man?” Sam asks, offensively energetic for nine o’clock in the morning. “My brother pull his head out of his ass yet?”
“There’s what sounds like a poltergeist in Santa Maria, so we can hit this charming cliffside cafe in Pismo Beach after. The tempeh tacos are supposed to be otherworldly, Dean. Then it’s on to a possible vampire nest in Salinas, with pho in San Jose for a reward, then...”
“How long you been up?” Dean asks, squinting at the clock. 5:48 AM, a solid four hours.
“Nobody enjoys Tolstoy. That’s one of Sam’s from back in high school. It’s fucking depressing. Try the Vonnegut instead.”
Once Cas has the hang of things, he leans forward to take Dean’s dick into his mouth. It’s hot and wet and overstimulating, and Dean does his best not to pull Cas’ hair too hard when he figures out how to sync up the rhythm of his mouth and fingers.
“When was the last time you went for a walk?” Cas asks in reply.
“But you could come visit when it’s not life and death, you gotta know that. We—I—we’d all love to see you.” He’s stupid, so stupid. “Weird thing, Jack’s not answering prayers either. You know anything about that? Why am I even asking.” He unfolds his hands and sits back on his heels. The formalities of prayer never seemed to matter much, anyway.
“So this world - all of you - it’s all safe?” Cas asks, and given his last memories on Earth, the question sounds insane. “Where is Jack?”
Cas’ shoulders sag, the fight gone out of him. “Being treated with dignity and kindness wouldn’t have diminished your abilities, Dean. I wish I could make you see that.”
Cas is there, under a streetlamp in Nowhere, Ohio. Impossibly alive. He shows Cas everything he felt then; a comprehensive tour of his relief, hope, and overwhelmed joy. As well as what he’d wanted to do if Sam hadn’t been standing next to him.
“Sit up, please.”
“Then maybe we should stop.”
“I think...yeah. Yeah. Let me just -” Another re-up on his whiskey.
“Bought it back a couple years back, when Jack was sick,” Dean says, looking at the floor. “Stupid, I know that. Wasn’t gonna help anything.”
“Life-threatening situations are a dime-a-dozen for the Winchesters. I’m sure something will come up eventually.” He’s not patient enough for ‘eventually.’ Shit. “Or...”
“Would it make you feel better to learn that humans have been serenading their paramours for tens of thousands of years?”
“These really are quite soft,” Cas says. “We should get one for the bunker. Or a few. It does get drafty in the winter months.”
the voice continues, furious and desperate and clear as a bell.
Cas sets down his fork, places his hands in his lap. “What do you think of me, Dean?”
Cas looks at him, confused. “Jesus was a fine and honorable man, and he made no secret of his passionate relationship with Mary Magdalene, his wife. They engaged in sexual intercourse at an impressive frequency, especially considering the personal hygiene standards of the day.”
“So, next question,” Cas says. ‘Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?’”
When he finally bottoms out, he tips his face to the ceiling and catches his breath. He wraps a slick hand around his dick and strokes it, taking his time. Cas, the pinnacle of self-control, doesn’t fuck up into him, doesn’t move at all except for a shudder and a sharp inhale when Dean finally starts to move. Dean experiments with the angle until—there.
“Pickings are kind of slim around here,” Deans says. “Not really feeling like bingo night at the VFW.”
They place their orders. Dean tips back his drink like it’s water, the barest flinch to his mouth. Cas sips his instead. Who knows what his tolerance is now, after all. He doesn’t want to embarrass himself. The bartender appears as if by magic to refill Dean’s glass.
“Is that Proto-Germanic?”
Dean thinks of a prayer said in Purgatory, forgiveness and an apology wrapped together. “So, nothing to do with me, right.”
“Possibly mulching the raised beds as well. It encourages a healthy soil ecosystem and reduces evaporation. Also -”
“Go to sleep,” Cas instructs, yawning against the back of his neck. “In the morning, I’ll answer your question. I’ll even give you a hint. You’re part of the answer.”
“Okay, next question,” Dean says. ‘When did you last sing to yourself, or to someone else?’ Alright, an easy one. I’ll go first. I sing to myself every day in the shower because I’m a red-blooded American. What about you?”
“Bobby should have been given the opportunity to raise you.”
“Probably not a tail,” Jack says, jumping in. “Unless it’s a glaistig. I'm reading that they can get a bit spiteful.”
“What? Why would I be getting Cas a present,” Dean says, clicking tab after tab closed with more force than technically necessary.
I wonder if there will ever come a day you will fully believe me when I say there is nowhere else I'd rather be than with you."
And yes, the chapter count increased. I am a poor planner.
“You deserve to want things, Dean. And to get them.”
“You could teach me a lot of things,” Dean replies without thinking. This is getting fucking treacherous.
“Oh, I know. I want to learn to surf,” Dean says, impressed with himself for picking the least problematic option.
They go back to their food. The reviews, it turns out, were well-deserved.
"Pretty sure there were other reasons," Sam says, haughtily. Dean shoots him a look. "What? The dentist's waiting room had People magazine."
Dean rolls over to face him. “Huh?”
Dean puts a hand to the back of Cas’ neck and pulls him in for a kiss. He isn’t gentle about it, not when he’s got Cas’ hair between his fingers and his blood is humming with an equal mix of anger and desperation. This better get the goddamn point across.
“Stay here,” Cas says, as if Dean’s a flight risk.
After scraping up the last of the house-made ketchup with a perfectly cooked yuca fry, Dean asks. “Okay, where are we going next?”
Dean is certain he’s hallucinating the slight sag to Cas’ shoulders. It’s probably just relief. That’s all it is. He’s not
“The question is, ‘Would you like to be famous? In what way?’ I’m sure you see the issue. We’ve both already been famous, or at least infamous. Me, as a megalomaniacal would-be deity and you as -”
Dean nods.
He pulls it back, but Cas follows, nudging his bony ankle between Dean’s.
“What I had in mind was significantly more mundane. No hidden temples, sacred oils, or group sex, I’m afraid. I don’t want to bore you.”
“‘How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?’”
“We’re good, almost to Chicago,” Sam says. “Dean - hey, is that gonna time out?”
“Oh, holy -”
Cas’ knee bounces, a rare display of what looks like nerves.
“Feels good,” Dean slurs.
“I like you so much,” Cas says one night into the still darkness, holding him a little tighter than usual. “Please don’t leave me.”
It’s a statement, not a question. Dean believes him. That makes his task easier. All Dean needs is to hear it again, sober and in the light of day.
“The one thing you want...” Dean says on a gasp and a hard thrust between his thighs, “can’t believe it’s me.”
“You’re worth more than the sum of your skills, formidable though they may be,” Cas says, slipping his hand underneath the hem of Dean’s shirt, fingertips ghosting over his tailbone and making Dean shudder. “What’s more, considering the absence of any remaining higher power, and the closed gates to heaven and hell, one could argue we’ve gotten out too. And I’m still here. With you.”
All that gets him is Cas removing his finger entirely before sucking Dean’s dick into his mouth with enough hot pressure to have Dean arching off the bed.
Cas, because he’s insane, slides his hand around Dean’s waist and then down until he’s palming Dean’s ass behind the cover of the tall reception desk. Dean makes an extremely dignified sound, which he covers with the fakest cough in the history of fake coughs.
“Oh,” he says, and there’s a lot contained in that single syllable. Dean gets a front row seat to watch Cas do some quick rewriting of their shared history. “
, some bartender outside Columbus had said to him once after a hook-up, years ago. She’d said it like an insult, and Dean’s been careful ever since. Nobody wants a needy one night stand.
“To honor the fruits of each plant’s labor,” Cas says seriously. “To care for each and every plant and shelter it from harm. To be its guardian.”
“Would you have done it differently, if you had been in his place?” Cas asks. And, huh.
Back in 2012?"
Yup, chapter count increased by one. xoxo.
Cas watches through the window as a beautiful woman in a bright hijab gathers his new friend in her arms, and Cas smiles. Oh, the joy of a homecoming.
Dean waits for the rest, but after Cas’ gaze shifts from the vague middle distance of memory to somewhere in the vicinity of Dean’s chest, he clears his throat.
Sam sighs, loud and bitchy.
“...Okay. So, what, then? A ghost? Can angels even become ghosts?”
“You what?” He had to have misheard.
“Alright, I got a map pulled up,” Sam says.
“Ah, so you’re finally making it official,” Jack says, tapping his bottle of beer against Cas’ at dinner.
we do,” Dean says, reaching for the end table where he’s pretty sure the lube ended up last night.
“Hm? Oh, polynomial equations. You’re familiar with them, of course.”
At a Waffle House the next morning, Cas pulls out his phone to read off the next question as they wait for their food.
Dean nearly chokes. “You don’t have to tell me, but in the least weird way possible...I’m curious.”
“‘What is your most treasured memory?’” Cas asks, and it occurs to Dean that Cas must have memorized the questions a couple hundred miles southwest at least.
“Jesus, Dean.”
Cas huffs. “Yes. I am fully cognizant of the fact that our access to Charlie's perpetually limitless credit cards means we could buy whatever I can't grow myself. But -"
Cas nods, retrieving the basket of spilled cherry tomatoes and carefully refilling it.
When the waitress had stopped by to ask what they’d like for dessert, Dean had agonized over his choice. He’d gone with the pecan, but Cas’ slice has been mocking him for the last ten minutes.
The next time Cas’ dick rubs against his ass, it’s slick. Dean fists his cock, twisting his hand and matching Cas’ thrusts against him.
Cas smiles again, eyes crinkling at the corners. Warm and fond and more than Dean deserves. No one looks at him like Cas does. They watch the waves together for a beat or two, gulls cawing in an overcast sky.
It wasn’t supposed to become a thing. As much as Dean loves this, it’s usually Cas who asks for it by name, asks to be tied down to the bed they share, asks to be kissed and touched and fucked until Dean’s satisfied, until they both are. So here they were again, now with gear that Cas bought online, shipped in discreet packages to their P.O. box in town. If it all wasn’t so fucking hot, Dean would have to laugh at the grocery bag from Super Foods under their bed, packed to the gills with an assortment of hemp and cotton rope, clips, and safety shears. Nobody’s laughing now, but they need to get a better storage system.
Dean lets the hand he’d had wrapped tight around Cas’ elbow trail down his arm to his wrist in a loose hold, then drags his thumb against the center of Cas’ palm, interlocking their fingers.
“I assure you, it’s perfectly safe. Your species has been consuming bacterial biomasses like spirulina for almost a thousand years.”
“Burgers, Dean,” Cas whispers in his ear like he’s talking as dirty as he did last night. “
"I thought I'd cut it off soon. Gets in the way when I’m gardening."
“Neither.”
“Stop the car, can you pull over. Right now.”
“You’d like that, I know you would. You would be perfectly content.” Cas’ fingers brush over his jaw, thumbing at the edge of his mouth. “I would see to all of your needs. You would want for nothing.”
"Hell yes. You're forgiven."
“‘What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?’” Cas asks halfway through his platter of carnitas at a mom-and-pop Mexican restaurant near the park.
“They say that skin-on-skin contact is the most efficient means of preventing hypothermia,” Dean hedges, tugging on Cas’ thigh until it’s hitched around his waist.
“I mean, you. You’re left. Any chance you could’ve...” Dean trails off.
, Dean thinks, as loud as he can.
“I would never bring Ashton Kutcher into this, Dean.”
“Please say that’s some new position you wanna try,” Dean hedges, reaching a hand back so he can card it through Cas’ hair as he slides his ass along Cas’ cock. That usually works.
.” Cas takes his face in his hands, kissing him softly. “That’s what the goddess meant. Her claim on the land goes deeper than a title recorded at the county courthouse, so the fact that she willingly gave her consent... this is
The bunker is rife with choices. He could make for the firing range or the gym. No doubt he could use the practice. Their list of enemies might be short, but monsters still roam and he assumes Dean and Sam still plan on hunting. Or perhaps one of many storage rooms filled to the brim with antiquities to study, the mundane and profound.
. He listens attentively as Cas plans out the specifications of a hypothetical rooftop garden and helps him figure out how he takes his coffee now that he can't taste the molecular composition of the soil it was grown in.
” Lays him out on the floor, bracketing him in with his knees planted on either side of Dean’s hips, hands on either side of Deans’ head and leaning down to kiss him again. Dean works his hands between them to get at Cas’ shirt, graceless with the buttons until Cas sits back and helps. He goes for Dean’s shirt then, rucking it up and ducking down to mouth along his ribs, tonguing over his chest.
“Enough to know we’re gonna be renting, buddy. Sorry.”
“Bed, Dean. I’ll pleasure you orally, but you’re going to have to do all the work.”
Dean’s got spots of powdered sugar on his jeans and a slurpee big enough to take a bath in—this was a good idea. Sam's wearing khaki shorts like the model image of a suburban dad, which Dean gives him no small amount of shit for. Eileen joins in, because like Dean, she’s got only correct opinions, and Sam just laughs it off with an easy arm around her waist. She keeps smiling up at him in a way that gives Dean a feeling between happiness and...something else. He’s almost, kind of, maybe having fun. Cas would approve.
Dean sighs, stuffing his hands in his pockets.
Claire takes a harsh breath. “God, that must’ve been so fucking hard, Dean. I’m so sorry.”
The war room table, the gym floor, and the kitchen counters all get some action that weekend. Semi-angelic refractory periods are no joke.
“You don’t have to lie to preserve my feelings,” Cas says with a dramatic sigh, staring at the ceiling.
“I’ll have to use artistic license to interpret the question, as I definitely do not have a mother in any traditional sense of the word.”
Dean asks for two doubles at the motel front desk, as always. The young receptionist pushes her hair out of her face nervously when Dean smiles at her, flustered and fumbling when she hands back his stolen credit card and fake ID. Cas can sympathize. Even under buzzing fluorescent lights and half-drunk, Dean is distractingly beautiful.
The storm outside is strong enough to be faintly audible even through the bunker’s concrete walls, the pots and pans hanging overhead in the kitchen shuddering with the force of it as Dean pours himself a shot of bourbon and then another. It goes down smooth—he’s too old for rot-gut, and he finds it’s easier to take his time with the nicer stuff. He’d left Sam behind in the TV Room, telling him he needed a minute, and it’s true. He needs more than a goddamn minute.
Next comes the war in heaven, the threat of Raphael, and all the pressure Cas was under.
“No, I can do it. I’m Dean fuckin’ Winchester, I’ve killed Hitler, I can talk about - talk about...love and affection.”
“So generous. Is this how it’s going to be from now on?”
“I’m not lying though!” Dean insists, sliding Cas’ glass of neon-yellow whatever across the table and stealing a sip. “Fuck me, yours is great too. What a world. Let me see that menu. Oh sweet, bacon.”
“Thank you, yes,” Cas says, balancing the laundry basket against his hip. “We just need to place all of these containers under the overhang. The breakfast shift will be arriving within the hour and can bring them inside.”
“See, you get it,” Dean says, nudging Cas’ shoulder with his. “And there’s you, obviously. So, yeah. Pretty close, pretty warm. That’s my family.”
“Huh.”
“Let me - your face. Can I,
“You wanna test the theory? How?” Dean’s spent more than one night up until three a.m. with a stack of moldering books and nothing to show for it, but Jody’s always been the smartest person he knows.
"Fuck, not this again."
“Thanks for the heads up. I’ll wear my carhartts. Anything else I should be prepared for?”
“‘Observed,’ huh. Kinky.”
“Thank you,” he tells her.
“Your life line has multiple breaks and branches, before it thickens and steadies midway. Palmistry is an imprecise art, but there’s a certain poetry in it.”
Everything unloaded, they pull back onto the county highway just as the sun peeks out over the horizon.
“From
Alright, so this fic was started prior to the airing of 15x18. Bear that in mind. In my own brain, 15x18 was the last canon episode of the CW's Supernatural, but hasn't happened yet in the universe of this fic. What is time! What is canon! Who can say!
Dean laughs softly. They’ve been running off of Charlie’s supply of limitless credit cards for years - all somehow paid for by what’s left of Roman Enterprises. But it makes sense, Cas keeping a tether to that Steve life, one where he could rent an apartment, hold down a job, and slowly accumulate plants and rare books until he...until he meets someone else. Someone who likes Good Credit Steve with his nice hands and warm smile. Somebody who asks him about the books and how to care for succulents and just - someone better, someone different. Shit.
The kettle comes to a boil with a shrill whistle until Cas moves it over to a cold burner.
Dean doesn’t stop thinking about what
“Soon.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just got a little in my head for a minute there.” He needs to pull it together. Cas looks unconvinced. “Hey, I owe you a compliment.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please give it to me, keep it giving it to me, don’t stop giving it to me,
"How would you rank the relative importance of a second bathroom versus southern exposure?" Cas asks.
Cas’ smile widens, all teeth. "Well, last night it was actually
“That’s just wrong, man. On the list of benefits to being human - mostly human, whatever - it’s right there after sex.”
“What do ya mean?” Dean mumbles around a bite of filling and perfect crust.
Dean makes his way over, weaving between the tarps and stakes they’d set up the night before.
good he is at fucking him. Cas laughs softly, and it’s all kindness. Dean watches him slick himself up, using his free hand to maneuver the backs of Dean’s thighs up toward his chest and sliding his cock between them.
“That’s a slight -
Cas grabs two of the blankets without accepting any further protests. Dean laughs, shaking his head.
Thank you so much for reading - so hope you enjoyed this exercise in destiel alternative history.
The thorns disappear from the black raspberries just before harvest, the tomatoes seemingly tie themselves to the stakes that Cas so carefully installed, and the lettuce never turns bitter. These are all apparently miraculous events.
Cas squints at him. “I am very tired, Dean.”
he tells himself.
Cas tips his head to the side. “I’m not sure I follow.”
The sun is setting as they head due west across central Missouri. They could stop again in Hannibal or Macon or any other one-exit town along the way, but Dean keeps his foot on the gas and Cas stays quiet. They pull into the bunker’s garage just before midnight.
gonna be so good.
"Hm."
“The fuck? Why would it be personal to you? You’re way too good for me, man. Anyone with eyes can see that.”
Dean nods.
“My answer mirrors yours, coincidentally. Helping guide Jack into becoming the person he is now.”
“Hm.” Cas steals one of Dean’s sweet potato fries, and Dean lets him. Because, well. “Angels communicate affection far differently than humans. It took me years to understand, to appreciate the nuances of expression. Especially from you.”
Dean laughs, and throws an arm over his tired eyes. “Figures. What about you? Cross flying off the list. Phenomenal cosmic power and all that, anything you still wanna do?”
“Yeah, that part makes sense - I mean the part about it getting more normal.”
"Dean, you have to -" Cas rocks up and back, fucking into Dean's mouth just a little until Dean grips his hips with both hands, holding him down. Dean takes in more of Cas’ cock each time he sinks down, which Cas seems to appreciate.
“What? Fuck, I did
For all that Cas’ cock has already been in his mouth, the sight of Cas' naked back as he roots in Dean’s bag still stops his breath for a moment. He wants to put his mouth on the knobs of Cas’ spine, drag his fingernails across the planes of muscle and bone and leave marks, a roadmap showing where he’s been.
“Not loving the use of ‘marginally.’”
Dean has been peppering her with questions from the passenger seat of her truck since they merged onto I-90 about an hour ago. He’s got a list of skydiving terminology pulled up on his phone and a knot of anxiety in his gut that’s been growing since he and Sam left Lebanon, and Jody is being more than patient with him. Sam, meanwhile, is staying rigidly fixated on the passing corn fields rather than participating in this safety inquisition.
The next week is all logistics. Claire and Kaia swing by when they finish up a werewolf hunt in Tulsa, and Sam gives them a thorough guided tour of the bunker, including the machines and rooms they haven’t figured out the purpose of yet. Cas and Claire stay up late every night, talking in quiet voices in the library over whiskey. Dean gives them their space - that’s a complex relationship if there ever was one. He tries to stay up until Cas comes to bed, but most of the time he nods off before he feels Cas’ arms wrap around him, a goodnight kiss to the nape of his neck.
“Yup, that’d...that would be it. And, uh."
“Alright, another ‘we’ statement. We’re both trying to do better than our fathers.”
Cas smiles and rolls his eyes. He taps the stereo and “A Thing Called Love” starts playing.
Dean pulls off with one more suck to the head, licking his lips because he finally knows how Cas fucking
“What do you want?” Cas asks, and it’s vital, he has to know. Has to be sure.
“But it’s important,” Cas insists. “It's critical you understand - I want you to know, I am trying.”
to miss out on snap peas and butterhead lettuce..."
They'll go home eventually.
“I’m gonna, I'm gonna -” Dean groans as Cas follows a stripe of come with his tongue from Dean’s ear to just beneath his eye.
“I loved him back,” Dean says, just blurts it out. It’s the first time he’s said it aloud.
Dean smiles, which turns into a yawn. “What time is it?”
Dean takes the upcoming exit for McCool Junction, because the name is fantastic and there’s a mom-and-pop place that does a great pork tenderloin.
“Gut instinct. I’ll do the cooking, okay?” Dean says, thumbing at Cas’ hip bones.
Cas sighs. “What.”
Cas drifts to sleep somewhere around Portsmouth, barely noticing when the bus gets significantly more crowded on the outskirts of Boston. He’s aware someone is seated beside him, but his head is heavy, his body tired, and it’s not as if he has anything worth stealing. He sleeps, letting the whir of conversation and passing cars set him adrift.
“I get it, you’re on the bee’s side.”
“See the little bubbles?” Dean says, pointing with the spatula. Cas nods. “You gotta wait until they pop. People always flip ‘em too early. Rookie mistake.”
Dean relaxes back into the pillows as much as he can, and gets an easy rhythm going with his grip on Cas’ ass, forward and back. The world narrows down to just this, and Dean’s head is gloriously empty. There’s nothing but the weight of Cas in his mouth, the occasional bitter taste of pre-come, the flex of Cas’ muscles under his hands as he feels Cas gradually lose his inhibition and finally, finally fuck him like he wants.
“Can you gather any tarps we have? And stakes. As many as possible,” Cas says, pulling Dean toward the garage.
“Whale songs have
, Jesus, as Dean licks his lips and swirls his tongue around the crown before sinking down until he’s at his limit.
“Huh. It didn’t like that,” Dean calls out over the gale, bracing himself against a fence post until the wind dies down. “Must be something offensive about being called a gnome. Maybe no more guesses, for now?”
“Gotta be a way to do this face to face, wanna look at you.”
Cas shrugs.
logbooks. So far.
The motel down the road has only a couple of cars out front, and the air conditioner in the office lets out a mechanical death rattle as it fights a losing battle with the Texas heat.
“Jesus, Cas.”
The fire has burnt itself down to embers when Cas stops the repeated path of his hand from the back of Dean’s neck to his tailbone. Dean grumbles a complaint.
“Hey, I’ve got an idea,” Jody says, jumping right past any small talk or any awkwardness. Or maybe it just isn’t awkward, at least not to her. “Do we know for sure that you’re the only one Cas is saving?”
Dean swallows and nods, nods some more. Cas lets him process that information for a long moment.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Dean says, hands going to his belt, and Cas nearly loses his grasp on clarity watching him. Which was probably the intention.
They stop for lunch in Champaign, full to the brim with college town options that make Cas want to eat everything in sight. Sure, he is familiar with the historical roots and underlying chemistry of falafel, butter chicken, and pad Thai, but there is an unignorable urgency to the knowledge now.
“I think the last few days have thoroughly demonstrated that isn’t true. I’ll never stop learning new things about you,” Cas says with that open fondness that sets Dean back on his heels.
“I, uh. There's a shoebox under my bed. I’ve got a few pictures, sentimental stuff - shit like that. There’s a picture of you in there, actually. The one with the -”
A million things flood to mind. Midnight reruns of old Stargate episodes, a pitcher of shitty beer at the dive bar close to home, his bed. Instead of saying all that, Dean fidgets with the radio dial until Cas swats his hand and tells him to watch the road.
Dean shakes himself, saving the vacuum decision for another time. He follows Cas around a corner.
Dean searches his memory. “Wait, you didn’t -”
“Now who’s arguing with a compliment,” Dean says, prodding Cas’ calf with his socked foot.
“I do, but first, I thought we could just lie together,” Cas says, rubbing at the back of his neck in the first display of uncertainty Dean’s seen from him tonight. “For a bit.”
Dean chuckles. “Alright, man.“
Dean glances to either side of their table before leaning close to whisper, “Dude, is this a case? Some kind of demon deal thing? A witch, except somehow not gross for fucking once?”
Cas laughs, fingers tracing the inseam of Dean’s jeans. “Not at all. I think it would please her, actually.”
"No, no, that's not it. I don't want to get recognized on street corners like fuckin' Spiderman or something. Kinda the opposite. I...think I wanna be the guy in town people like, the guy who mows the yard for the old lady next door and buys out all the Girl Scout cookies every year. Normal shit."
He can picture that scene with more clarity than he’d like, and it aches. “Whatever you did - it worked. Dean, it worked. I remember that now.”
Cas drops to the floor, drops to his knees at Dean’s feet, and oh. That’s a lot to absorb, Cas looking up at him in the near-total dark, and he’s gotta see this. The lamp clicks on with angelic help. Dean pets at Cas’ hair, thumbing over his cheekbones with both hands in sheer shock and disbelief. Cas’ hands, meanwhile, are getting acquainted with his thighs before he tugs his belt free.
“Is this another compliment?”
Room ten was the right call.
“Dean. That was..." Cas swallows, "...very close.”
“Sounds romantic.” Jody would look sexy as hell on a horse, it’s true. So would Cas. Add that to the honeymoon to-do list.
It's that dock again, the one from that dream all those years ago. The sky is awash in oversaturated color, cicadas buzzing in the late-summer heat. Why is it always the ass-side of August in his subconscious? Bats are swooping low over the water, and the overgrown grass is soft under his feet. There's no chair this time and no fishing pole, so for lack of something more obvious to do, he cuffs his jeans and sits down on the old, greening boards at the edge of the dock and lets his feet dip into the water.
“So, yes. I see what you mean. Because you care about me, I’ll stop with the morbid home repairs, and I’ll tell you when I’m hungry if I can’t deal with it myself. I’d like to gain some self-sufficiency in that area though, seeing as my culinary skills are limited to taquitos and nacho cheese. A cookbook might help. One of Julia Child’s - her heaven was always delightful.”
"It helped that the ghost
"Oookay." Dean turns to look for Cas' bag, pawing through until he finds a shirt, some sweatpants, and simple, black underwear he's really gonna try not to think about.
"I know my purpose now, Dean," Cas says seriously. "It hasn't truly changed since I met you."
“Nothing of import,” Cas answers, blatantly avoiding his eyes.
“I’d like to do a bit better than not breaking you.”
Sam pops off the cap and drains half of the bottle in one go, then twists around in his seat to face Dean. “For starters, we learned that we don’t have to be in actual, real danger for him to show up.”
There's Cas, lonely, human, and exhausted on the cold tile floor of the Gas n' Sip, his work vest bunched up beneath his head like the world's saddest pillow, typing out and deleting texts to Dean. And Dean can't take it anymore.
“...Oh. Yeah, okay. Point taken.”
feelings
Despite the prep work and the lube and how intensely he wants this, he’s tight as fuck when he goes to guide Cas’ cock home. Cas gets pissed as hell when he rushes—fucking sap that he is— so Dean blindly adds more lube and goes as slow as he can stand. Back and forth, tiny shifts of his hips as he works Cas’ dick inside, with Cas gritting his teeth and holding still beneath him.
Dean dunks a chip in guacamole that is unreasonably good for central Michigan as he thinks about it.
“I don’t mean to pry. As long as your offense wasn’t personal to me, I don’t mind.”
“Not playing hard to get here, Cas,” Dean says, sliding off his jeans, slipping his t-shirt over his head, and Cas could die from this. He’s sure of it. Legions would lay down their arms for the way Dean Winchester looks in a dimly- lit room, grinning and undressed.
“I don’t think that factors into it,” Cas says, tipping his head to the side and either missing or blatantly ignoring the sarcasm. “The mucus membrane of its skin is fragile, but dampened fleece should do just fine.”
“Hey, the diner actually isn’t shitty. They have sweet potato fries.”
like...” Dean trails off.
“Hey Jack,” Sam says, clapping his hands together. “You want to go do something? Anything? Something not...here?”
“Actually, there's something I've been meaning to show you that might help.” Sam says, turning his laptop around to show Dean his screen.
It’s startlingly easy now, to give breath to that word.
“One more thing.”
Dean blinks. “Oh. Yeah. Okay, point taken.”
She laughs, no joy in it. “How do you think?”
“Yeah, someone Eileen knows at the Irish embassy is hooking me up. Figured a fresh fake citizenship was probably a good idea at this point.”
"Yeah, uh...” Carl scratches at the patchy beard on his chin, and Dean can see from here that his hand is shaking. “You guys seem nice enough, and Jody vouches for you, but...maybe don’t come back, yeah? No offense or anything."
Cas shrugs. “Someone has to. It’s quite exceptional, and if there are spirits involved, it will please them to have their work acknowledged. We all require appreciation, Dean.”
Jody claps a hand on Carl’s shoulder. “I think my pal here could use a drink.” She fishes her keys out of her pocket and lobs them over to Sam. “You boys sit tight for a minute, alright? I’ll be back in a few.”
Hopefully Jack has thought of all that. Maybe he’ll get Cas a prepaid burner or something. Hell, he could even pick up more Cookie Crunch at the same time, right before he heads back to the infinite cosmos. The kid loves Cas, adores him, really. He wouldn’t leave him stranded. Not like Dean has, more than once. Fuck. God, what if Cas gets topside, takes one look at him and realizes what a goddamn piece of—wait a second.
Cas’ fingers tighten in his hair, tugging his head back until they’re kissing again. Dean loses the plot, forgets the open threat of Cas complimenting him,
and for some reason he isn’t riding it. His hands are clumsy and uncoordinated when he goes to tie and retie the anchor rope, but he gets it done eventually. Cas hums whenever his hands brush his overheated skin, like he’s touch-starved after three minutes spent not inside him. Dean presses a kiss to the inside of his ankle before he moves to the head of the bed to work on the other set of restraints.
“Do I look like I fucking know?”
“You want to - while you -” Dean sputters.
Cas, for his part, is looking at him the same way he always has. The difference now is that Dean knows everything that look means.
The way Dean looks with his head tipped back against the shower wall as Cas puts his mouth on him is a minor miracle. After, clean sheets and warm skin put them both to sleep.
Cas’ finger slides home, and oh god, this is already so much better than doing this alone with bad angles and the constant threat that someone, somewhere is going to interrupt.
And, Cas supposes, that’s true, in a way. Nothing is different, Cas’ feelings are as implacable and permanent as always, the warmth of Dean’s care for him coming through loud and clear over the phone. It’s all he needs. Maybe not all he
“You don’t want to hear some random girl’s problems, I’m sure,” she says with a shrug.
, and some grasp of the
That brings Dean up short. “Fair point. If that’s not a force for good, I don’t know what is.”
“Alright, alright, you win. Take all the -
He eyes the clock, 9:26. They’ve got time.
Dean pictures the Impala, safe in the bunker’s garage, never to be hailed on again, and sighs.
” Cas grumbles in his ear.
“So, you get it then.”
“No, I just want to do this for quite a while. So. You’re not to come. Not yet. Do you understand?”
“Wait though, you said your answer had something to do with me,” Dean says before his mouth filter has finished receiving a giant, blaring RED ALERT from his brain. “But uh,” he backpedals, “You were pretty out of it, maybe that’s not what you meant.”
“Should’ve shown you all this on your first go round as a human,” Dean says, demonstrating how to engage in a high stakes hostage negotiation with the bunker’s old-fashioned washing machine and avoid a repeat pinkening of all of his undershirts.
“You’re already well aware that I can be counted among those charmed by you,” Cas says, dry as a bone, and if Dean didn’t know better, he’d call it flirting. Is it flirting?
“We’re doing research!” Jack interjects, head popping up from behind his laptop. “I’m helping.”
Cas nods. “I’m enjoying it, don’t mistake me, but...”
Cas drops one hand from the headboard to Dean’s hair, tugging and changing the angle until it’s just a perfect, wet slide, and Dean’s boneless from it. Now that Cas has got it figured out, Dean drops one hand from his ass to grip around his own dick, groaning around the cock in his mouth when he strokes from base to tip with the same rhythm of Cas’ thrusts.
,” Cas says, sucking a mark into the side of his neck.
They settle on putting Cas on a bus from Bar Harbor to Buffalo once he’s back on the mainland, figuring that Dean and Sam can make better time in the Impala. Cas slides the phone back to the ticket clerk, who is gracious enough to accept the credit card number Sam reads out to her. She hands Cas his ticket stub, and he makes his way down to the dock.
Cas doesn’t answer, tonguing over his balls and back up his dick as Dean runs fingers through his hair.
“You can sit down for this,” Cas says, passing him the bottle.
“So are you thinking a novelty Frozen blanket or something more neutral?” Dean jokes, taking in the dozens of options.
Cas settles into the seat, the cracked vinyl scratching where his sweater has ridden up his back. He misses the Impala.
Cas considers. Doing justice to the question requires a complex answer.
Cas tips forward, sliding easily past Dean’s spit-slick lips. Then it’s just one, two, three more times, in and out and Dean barely shuts his eyes in time for the warm splashes of come across his face, some landing across his still-open mouth and sliding down his neck, some catching in his eyelashes and dripping past his temples into his hair. All to the soundtrack of Cas gasping above him, interspersed with a ridiculous litany of praise that Dean can’t possibly deserve.
Dean starts in on the buttons of his own shirt, watching Cas watch him. He doesn’t make it a show, because this isn’t a performance. Even so, Cas’ gaze is like the barely-contained heat radiating from behind a closed oven door. The process of taking off the rest is as awkward as it always is, because there’s just no sexy way to take off socks. Cas still gives him flatteringly dumbfounded elevator eyes when he stands in front of him wearing just the skin he was born in.
“The first restaurant on my list opens at 11:00, and we’ve got a two hour drive ahead of us.”
“So what’s next for you, man?” Dean asks, eyes fixed ahead of him and reflecting back at Cas in the dirty mirror behind the bar.
Dean finally, finally feels the blunt head of Cas’ dick against him, hotter than his fingers even through the condom and thicker too when it presses inside.
“You saved the world,” Cas says, going for the obvious answer.
“What?” Dean cuts in. “Hey, I guess I buy that except for the school thing...”
"And besides, as you know, there are many kinds of love. As one might have for a comrade in arms, a friend, or a brother."
Back in the parking lot, he and Cas walk within hand-holding distance to the room at the end of the building. With the door closed and double locked, Cas unshoulders Dean’s duffel bag gently on the dresser, like it contains something more valuable than a half-used stick of Old Spice and a wardrobe befitting a backwoods survivalist.
“It’s bastardized, but uh. Yeah.” Dean looks up at the ceiling, giving Cas a view of his face in profile, the twist to the side of his mouth. “I love you, so, uh. Pretty into the idea of you staying alive. With me.”
“Want you.” Breathlessly, that’s how, Cas nearly says.
“Come on, dude. You’re gonna make me...? Do you want to. You know. With him.”
When Dean said the cabin was in Whitefish, he might’ve gotten his facts wrong. Sure, Whitefish is the closest town, but this cabin is way deeper in the boonies than he remembers. Someone might have gotten the impression Rufus wasn’t much of a people person. Miss that old geezer.
danger...”
Outside Dean’s room, Cas crowds him up against the door, kissing him and kissing him and Dean feels his knees about to give out. He reaches blindly for the door handle, and they stumble backwards in the dark to Dean’s bed before their eyes adjust. Cas climbs right into his lap, like it’s nothing, like it’s easy, like they could’ve been doing this for so damn long -
More buzzing.
Dean helps Cas wrap the edges of the blanket around it, and Dean shudders when some kind of clearly monster-y slime ends up smeared across his jacket sleeve. By unspoken agreement, Cas takes the end of the blanket nearest the head, and Dean takes the tail side. The fucking thing is heavy as shit, so it takes some doing to keep it from dragging across the grass as they make their way to the U-Haul they left open in the parking lot nearest the river. From there, it’s just an awkward, shimmying walk up the truck’s ramp, and then they’re finagling with the tie offs to get the bundled-up monster securely set up for the journey ahead.
“Hand over the keys. My turn to drive.”
Cas opens the map app, searching for nearby options. He wonders at Dean’s trust in him, either not to snoop or not to judge whatever he happens to see. He navigates them to a place not far from the highway and studiously ignores the occasional text notifications.
He doesn’t realize his teeth are sunk into where Cas’ neck meets his shoulder until the aftershocks hit, and he kisses over the bruise in apology, kissing up Cas’ neck until he finds his mouth again. He slowly realizes that the trembling he feels isn’t coming from just his own poor, overtaxed muscles and bone.
When the package arrives a week later, Dean doesn’t want to make a big deal out of it. He waits until Cas is busy with the garden before slipping into his room and leaving the package of three Cross Century Classic pens on his desk, next to the veritable miniature stationary shop Cas has set up. Notebooks and index cards and post-it notes, all meticulously organized. But also, Dean notices, all cheap as shit.
“No, I haven’t heard that one before.”
Cas swallows, feels a bead of sweat make its way down his spine. Dean takes a curve in the road faster than his digestive system would prefer.
******************************
Dean thinks of a roller coaster, a centenarian behind the wheel of a Buick, Sam plucked from the sky.
“So the first part of the question, how close and warm my family is or whatever. I’m gonna get creative in my definition of family.”
The hand still in his hair goes taut, angling Dean’s head back as he uses his other hand to strip his cock until he’s coming, warm trails across Dean’s cheeks and slack mouth. Dean’s breathless, and Cas isn’t done. Cas leans forward, licking the come from his skin and slipping it into Dean’s own mouth, making him groan with the perfect filthiness of it.
"I think Sam and Jack might fret if we swing by Arizona before returning to the bunker.”
“Alright, alright. No boxes. So we good then? Ready to go?”
“Dean. What don’t I know?”
But when Dean hears the trunk open, he sighs and drags himself out onto the sidewalk.
“Or pie,” Cas suggests, squeezing his hand. “Every kind.”
Cas lifts his shoulders in a shrug. “Unless you would rather take this somewhere more private.”
“No disrespect intended, but even ignoring the interference of the unholy and the demonic, your average mental health professional would have more than a few questions about John’s parenting.”
“Same here, man,” he says, and his voice sounds nearly normal.
“His burgers really are awesome,” Sam says from behind them. “Oh, and Dean, you’ve got to make him that chocolate raspberry cake you made for Jack’s birthday when we get back.”
“What time is it?” Dean asks, getting a hand on his own dick, hard and demanding like he didn’t just get off spectacularly last night. Sex with Cas is going to spoil him, calling that right now.
" Dean whispers urgently, certain the server is about to laugh in Cas' face at that absurd order.
That’s something he’d never understood, before. The power of speaking, and of being heard. He can at least offer that.
"And that makes him the hottest because..."
"Right." Dean's stomach sinks. Of course.
Dean drops his forehead to Cas’ shoulder laughing.
There’s an off-ramp coming up, just before the bridge that crosses the Mississippi River into Iowa. Dean takes it, heart pounding. He makes a couple more random turns before stopping on a dead end street facing a row of beaten-up fishing docks. He shifts the car into park and stares straight ahead, leaving his hands on the steering wheel.
Cas’ smile widens, but when he goes to stand up, he veers heavily to the side and nearly hits the deck.
The corner of Cas’ mouth lifts, a tacit admission that Dean is at least somewhat right. Dean can let it drop, for now.
“That’s very kind.”
That changes things. Dean would happily eat all the Tofurky in the world for a few nights of banging it out in a motel room with Cas.
“Just texted you a photo. I did a jump, last spring—Alex and me. You know I’d never put that girl in danger.” In the photo, Alex and Jody have their arms around one another in front of the propeller of a parked plane, windswept hair and smiles lighting up both their faces. “And...I already talked to Sam. He’s on board.”
, you would take what I said with you. How good you are, how caring, how loved, because I’d told you so. It was supposed to make a difference.”
Good question.
“At the earliest,” Cas says.
They switch positions, Cas on his back and Dean making a meandering journey from the slope of his neck down to the tattoo over his ribs, following the Enochian letters with his tongue. His hands find their place holding Cas’ hips down, Cas letting him
,” Cas gasps, as Dean gives his best attempt at swallowing around his dick and nearly choking with the effort. Cas pets at his face, cards a hand through his sweaty hair and then sits back, drawing his dick out of Dean’s well-fucked mouth.
“No, Cas - you’re riding shotgun this time,” Sam says, clapping him on the shoulder. “I’d say you’ve more than earned it. Dean flashes Sam a look that Cas doesn’t understand, but it doesn’t seem like protest.
Cas hooks a leg around his waist then, rolling them again until he’s pressing Dean into the mattress and oh, that’s better. Cas shifts down between his knees, a hand on the center of Dean’s chest when Dean tries to sit up to chase his mouth.
He almost sets a hand on Dean’s shoulder, but doesn’t.
The waitress chooses that moment to reappear, setting their plates down onto their table. Dean’s ears go red, realizing what she might have heard. What she might think.
“How I feel about you—it’s something I’ve been keeping to myself for a long time. I’ve had a chance to give it a lot of thought.”
The dude has the nerve to give Cas’ shoulder a slow squeeze when he gets up from his seat, and Cas’ eyes follow him as he returns to his friends around the pool table. Dean waits until the guy is out of eyeshot before sliding back onto his own stool.
is more than a little overwhelming. He opts for familiar terrain.
Cas’ eyes narrow at him, considering.
“Oh yeah?”
Dean manhandles him onto his back, and Cas doesn’t realize his legs are shaking until he tries to get them to cooperate with the effort of rearranging their positions. He has to entirely rely on Dean’s guiding hands to get his knees up and around his waist, Dean’s dick slotting into place along his hip as they grind together. They kiss, and it’s artless and mostly teeth and tongue.
It’s a seat-yourself kind of joint, and by unspoken agreement they pick a booth along the wall near the windows. It’s mid-afternoon, and they’re the only customers.
“Neither should you.”
He’s nearly there, so close, then Cas’ hand is gone and Dean groans something he’d be embarrassed about if he wasn’t completely, totally distracted by how good Cas looks and how
Dean shakes his head, kissing the corner of Cas’ jaw and pulling him even closer.
Cas talks to the monster in that same low murmur for the entire exhausting trek from the road to the shore. When they break through the last copse of trees, the monster starts squirming just as Dean's bum right knee is about to quit on him.
Cas gives Dean directions through the maze of endless Los Angeles highways until they're driving slowly through the packed streets of Venice Beach.
“God, I love you,” he says on an exhale, the only thing he can think to say. The truest thing is probably the best place to begin anyway. “Should’ve told you before. Years ago.”
“After all, you were the last thing I created from near-scratch, and you turned out alright, I think," Cas adds, that half-smirk returning. "You should understand the impulse, anyway. You do the same thing."
Dean kisses him again, otherwise keeping still above him, which Cas appreciates. While his own dick has made its desire for ceaseless attention known, he has other objectives. He searches with the tip of his middle finger until - there.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn't have laid all that on you,” Dean murmurs.
“If you’re sure.”
“Is the romance dead, then?”
Dean twines their legs together as Cas pulls him in, tucking him against his shoulder, his hand in Dean’s hair. Dean clings, just a little. It’s really, really nice.
“For all intents and purposes, yes,” Cas answers, leaving out the bit about how he would know Dean Winchester’s cosmic stamp upon this earth until his atoms were scattered across the sea. As far as transporting himself to Lebanon, that is unfortunately beyond his present abilities.
“Think of this one as a bonus question.”
“Then, you should know I’m...I’m awful at this. Every, fuck, relationship that I’ve had, or whatever? Count ‘em on one hand. They’ve all ended like shit. And that’s on me.”
“There were understandable barriers at play, back then.” Cas separates flannels and jeans into separate, small piles even though he’s not still not sure why it matters. Is it about water temperature, perhaps? “The various threatened endings of the world took precedence over teaching me what fabric softener is for.”
As Cas lowers his feet into the water, he sighs, head tipping back. Dean allows himself a long look at the column of Cas' throat. It's his dream, after all. On that note, he wonders...
Dean pushes the sweaty, slightly overgrown hair out of Cas’ face, nearly long enough now to tuck behind his ear. Cas is right; he knows that. And Charlie’s brilliantly hacked credit cards aside, this thing - this
“Irrelevant. As I was saying, while most anthropologists identify the Divje Babe Flute as the world’s oldest known musical artifact, your ancestors actually began singing as soon as they gained the power of speech. And given that homo sapiens are not the only musically-inclined species, one could argue that music is intrinsic to life itself. Humpback whales, for example, sing especially well. I once observed a pod off the coast of Tupua'i, and the complexity of their song...Dean. It was so beautiful. The romantic devotion imbued in the lyrics -”
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas says, reaching across the table to touch his arm. Dean nearly flinches. That’s fucked up. “Maybe that’s enough for now.”
“Now, as for that paper you carry in your pocket.” the goddess says to Dean. “I consent to that as well.”
“Thank you,” they reply. That voice. Oh, god. Dean can’t bear to turn around, in case he’s wrong. “I’m actually here to meet a friend.”
“Huh? You can just use mine.”
“What, this?” Dean says, sucking a slow kiss into the thin skin at the crease of Cas’ thigh.
Cas hums. “Yes, but if we’re going to continue with them, I’m going to amend them slightly.”
Dean swallows, something stupid pinging in his brain at the direction. He nods.
“We don’t want to alert local law enforcement to our presence,” Cas says, tapping the side of his nose.
wait, stop -”
The corner of Dean’s mouth pulls down, uneasy.
“Still reading Star Trek fan fiction, huh.”
Cas squats down next to the garden bed to twist a length of twine around the stalk of one of the plants, careful fingers pulling it gently upright. He wipes his hands on his jeans - pilfered from Dean, if the way they fit his ass is any indication. Not that Dean noticed. He just isn't...
For his part, Dean is more interested in the random gifts of fruit that happen every time Cas does something that makes the garden and its magical occupants happy. All Dean knows is that whenever they take a haul of produce to the food pantry or Cas sprays gross-smelling shit on the squash leaves, Dean gets to make dessert.
“Of course,” Dean says. Because honestly, he’s done a lot weirder things for people he cares a lot less about.
Dean nods. So much contained in that word, want.
“Aren’t you always telling me about the importance of oral hygiene?” Dean says around a mouthful of toothpaste.
“Uh, doub—I mean, single.” That’s going to take some getting used to.
"Fuck that, I've had my share of spirits. I just wanted to make a damn pie, but these berries,” he stabs one with his fork and waves it in the air for emphasis, “Will probably hex me with gonorrhea or like, a
“Can make it better though, just - I gotta get something,” Dean says, learning over him to kiss his cheek. “Stay right there.”
“Mother
“I’m going to need you to pull the car over,” Cas says after a few more mile markers have flashed by.
Thank you so much for sticking with this fic, and for your comments. With my whole chest, y'all are the best.
“Are already home,” Dean finishes for him.
. It was just. Something for Cas.”
“You don’t have to - this isn’t some kind of tit-for-tat...”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on.”
"The other thing," Cas says, and the fucker is
“What is the first thing that comes to mind?” Cas asks.
“Will do. See ya, old man.”
“‘Share with your partner an embarrassing moment in your life,’” Cas recites, that familiar question-asking cadence in his voice. Dean’s almost gotten used to this by now.
“Jack tried - you gotta know that,” Dean says, anticipating him. As if Cas had any doubt. “The Empty did something, blocked him this time.”
Cas smiles, warm and relieved.
“We’re trying to figure out what’s up with that magic garden you and Cas found,” Sam clarifies.
“Everything would’ve been different though.” Fewer guns, more baseball and learning to cook and having an actual relationship with a father-figure. “Butterfly effect, and all that.”
Dean grins. "That was fast."
Sex is better in the summer. The heat from working in the garden all day seeps into their skin and follows them home. They fuck each other into Dean’s mattress every other night, and Dean gets the best sleep of his life.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks.
“No, it’s fine,” Dean chokes out.
“Maybe something a bit more long-term than that,” Dean says, throwing a grin at Cas and thinking about the things they can do with a bit of privacy. “You have a passport good enough to get through customs?”
Dean had asked him once whether he had to purposefully let the callouses stay, preventing his grace from healing them. Cas had explained how he’d wanted to keep this little bit of evidence of his work on earth, on the roof of the bunker that he shares with his family (Jesus, his
of it, Dean. You have no idea how sensual it can - never mind.”
“No, but first things first. How about dinner?”
“In, you can put it in, come on. I can take it.” At the sharp cessation of Cas’ efforts, he corrects. “I mean - that’s what I want.”
“Two, actually,” Cas says, flipping his hand over and pushing Dean’s shirt sleeve up to his elbow before working at the muscles of his forearm with both hands.
“Can’t argue with that either,” Dean says easily. “It’s been a while since we didn’t have something or other breathing down our necks. Who - or
“Alright, I think I’m gonna head to bed,” Dean says.
Cas showers first, at Dean's insistence. Ever since the battle with Chuck zapped all but the barest hint of his grace, Dean's been trying to make it up to him. He's fully aware that dibs on the bathroom in a dump like this can't compare to the power to bend space and time, but it's just about all Dean has to offer. He's been trying to drag Cas out with him to the area watering holes to help him pick up some nice girl for weeks, but Cas always turns him down. Dean is secretly grateful.
“I wasn’t trying to rush you. Take your time. It might be disruptive to the other patrons if I have to give you CPR in the middle of the restaurant.”
“Hello, Sam.” He’s not being avoided, he’s not. Dean’s probably just driving, and being safe. That’s good - that’s ideal. He will always want Dean safe. It’s just, he’d also like to hear his voice.
