Rather than think too much about what getting it cleaned would cost if he didn’t do it, or what replacing it would be like considering Sherlock’s inconsistent implacability when it came to selecting items to purchase, John pulled his jacket on and headed out.
He sucked hard on Sherlock’s fingers between his lips. The man was talented with his mouth, no matter what he chose to do with it. Too soon Sherlock decided John’s hand was damp enough, because he stopped, and slid his hand away. They wrapped their hands back around the hard lengths of them, and that was just it.
Both the arguing voices went silent.
wrong he was so wrong that he was in a different solar system from right.
"At least it was a good handjob?" Sherlock murmured against his neck.
“Probably Lestrade,” Sherlock said, turning and heading out of the bathroom doorway.
"How did they capture you?" Sherlock asked, launching into a series of questions so rapidly that he must have been thinking them for
“Who is it?” John asked, unable to keep himself from tensing.
Watson, thank you for the offer, but no.”
With that image of his mate clenched firmly in his mind, John made it through a second night on the cot.
“You are being uncharacteristically obtuse this morning,” Sherlock said. “Either this has to do with the revelations of last night, or you are being deliberately contentious in retribution to my avoiding your question.”
He woke as they stopped on Baker street, to the feeling of Sherlock rising from the carriage. As John climbed down, he was surprised at a lack of pain from his leg, though he still felt stiff and somewhat lethargic from the long hours. Tonight was the first night truly back at Baker Street in two or… possibly three days. Previous trips had not been in any sort of timeframe appropriate to more than tea and a few bites of what had appeared to be a hearty meal. There was something distinctly unrestful about sleeping in the morgue.
Sherlock, who John had missed like oxygen.
Horatio chuckled and took up his paper. Anne rolled her eyes tolerantly and took up her coffee cup again.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the kitchen, the tea had to have over-steeped. On the little table behind John the food was likely cold. There was only one thing that was important just now.
“If you’ve enough in your head to be offended, then I guess not,” the man said. He reclined in his bunk, closed his eyes, and shifted slightly where his hands were folded behind his head. He was a tall sort, but from the angle John was at he couldn’t make out much more about the man’s build.
There was some rustling around and a good deal of shifting and Sherlock fished the phone out of wherever it had fallen the day before, the night before, or whenever it had left one of their possessions to join the clutter on the floor. He relinquished it to John with a sour aftertaste to the gesture, one that John studiously ignored.
Choosing to ignore his mate’s disregard of the clothing, John turned into the kitchen. He put a lid on the possessive feeling and just filled the bloody kettle. He
than Sherlock.
Sherlock seemed to collected himself after a moment and asked Horatio, "Where's Anne?"
“You know where the kitchen is. It’s your flat.”
Sherlock’s expression changed instantly.
John still had no idea if wolves were territorial to the point of engaging in tactical assaults, or if there had been something done that was too far even for a creature that hid among humans to remain hidden with the amount of outrage(?) at some trespass, but there had been wolves. There was blood and teeth and-
Sherlock seemed engulfed in the music.
Sherlock’s breath caught, and he stiffened in John’s grip. His lips moved for a moment, but no sound came out.
Sherlock waited, patiently, without reaching out for the good doctor. He sat on his shins, hands in his lap resting atop the remaining tea towel, and watched the doctor’s bent head. Sherlock focused on the blond man, ignoring everything else.
(See the end of the chapter for
John groaned in good humor and settled back down against Sherlock. “Think I’ll just…”
“It was worse because we were both feeling it twice,” Sherlock said, pressing their foreheads together,
“Worried?”
It didn’t matter. He clung to the idea of Sherlock in London, waiting for him, with the wind in his hair.
"You are entirely too affectionate for a young man I saw three days ago," Elisabeth protested, but her words were fond. She kissed the shorter wolf on the temple before giving him a gentle shove away.
Just thinking his mate’s name made John’s stomach twist as though rung by strong hands. John found himself grateful that he had only eaten a little of the bland breakfast that had been brought to him.
“Exactly,” the Watson fellow said, sounding more than a little annoyed.
Sherlock’s interest in his experiments - and that was what most of the clutter had to do with, John found, though he did not have to like it one bit - waned as the full moon approached. Sherlock’s subsequent agitated frustration at them went as well, so John did not take the shift too much to heart. Sherlock’s focus shifted in a pleasant direction, after all.
So, a larger sort of a quarantine room.
Horatio huffed from off to the side. "Missed that one."
“I wasn’t sleeping,” Sherlock insisted, letting go of the phone to tighten his arms around John.
“You came here for a reason,” Sherlock insisted, arms folded imperiously across his chest. He’d put the robe on, tied it off, but there was enough bare skin to catch (and hold) John’s eye.
Sherlock shuddered, almost violently, and his lips curled back. “They
“That’s not what I asked, Sherlock,” John replied.
One of the police officers stepped into the doorway, mobile belching out harsh static, and both John and Sherlock shifted to face it.
A warm hand found it’s way down and long fingers wrapped around John’s-
“--impossible to explain this sort of thing to anyone else, you see. They can hear the words and they may try to listen, but they don’t bother to
A cab reluctantly took them back to Montague street, convinced by a flash of bills in Sherlock’s hand at the first sign of complaint that a little smell was nothing to worry about.
“That’s all well and good,” John interrupted the pair of them, “but you can’t go around bleeding on the whole blasted flat! Sit down and let me take a look at you.”
John’s eyes popped open at that, and he looked up at Sherlock again. The stroking fingers continued, and though Sherlock’s expression was fixed on the sergeant, John knew the words had been for him.
John was at a loss as to what it was that was being reinforced, but he enjoyed the connection. He had not the strength of mind to puzzle that out further.
It was early evening when he arrived, and the London St Pancras station was bustling with bodies moving to and from trains. John kept hold of his duffle and wandered through the crowds, buffeted by more determined walkers and the cacophony of voices echoing all around. Despite the improvement in his senses, or perhaps because of it, the volume of the station and the press of bodies was almost overwhelming.
John didn’t agree with that assessment.
“A foreign-based organization that only does their research away from their native soil. It’s the only explanation that fits.”
“Precisely,” Sherlock growled.
Sherlock didn’t try to take Harry from him.
“I know what I said,” Sherlock replied. “I said it.”
Heat pressed against heat, and Sherlock was no shy lover. In the weeks in their cage he had proved to be as demanding as he was attentive. Sherlock had focus beyond anything that John had ever seen, and when it was turned to sex, John quickly unraveled. They had been lovers a short time, but even the fiancée that John had failed to make work had not known his body so well.
“If you think I’m going to a police station in a dressing gown you’re bonkers.”
John looked over, but Sherlock was looking ahead, eyes bright and taking in the morning around them. What was Horatio’s joke that Sunday morning? He could
The man was checking his watch frequently, though he was diligently working through a stack of paperwork. He glanced questioningly up at John when he said that.
Inside number nineteen, Sherlock was curled up on the couch, high as a kite with his nose buried in one of John’s shirts. He did not acknowledge Mycroft’s entrance.
From the look on Temperance’s face, she didn’t believe it. John knew she was wrong, but he knew a thing or two about appeasing hard to please siblings, so he sipped his tea and kept quiet.
The thunderous expression returned, fixing on Greg like a predator latching onto prey. “As John has been assaulted, and there is no reason to question the victim more thoroughly beyond the basic questions that you have already asked, I fail to see what further use you have for him other than to make the preposterous suggestion that he go to the A&E, which he will not be doing as he is a medical professional on his own and-”
deduce the source of the problem. He
is in the park.”
“Yes.”
Connie seemed put out by the answer, and huffed as she pushed herself back into her chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John Watson," he replied, shaking the man's hand.
All Sherlock knew was that the endless, gaping
But then he realized that they meant Harry.
"No one is ever affectionate enough when they see you!" the brown haired wolf replied. "It's a complete scandal, really!"
“So you… broke into a crime scene?”
“The kettle,” Watson groaned.
“Your vocabulary is astounding,” Sherlock said, voice sounding as though it was coming from the kitchen doorway.
“I’d rather a glass of-” John began, only to find his speech cut short as Sherlock sank to his knees at John’s feet and tugged his pants down. “Sherlock?”
Growing up, John had never minded being alone. He easily made friends, he was well liked, and he had more than his fair share of girlfriends (and boyfriends), but he liked some quiet from time to time. He could appreciate being solitary as well as he could being in a group.
"Not younger or taller," John said, taking his hand back from Charles. "But Sherlock doesn't seem to mind either."
He knew now, from the scarring, that something had
John wondered what it meant.
Anne patted John on the forearm in much the same manner that Sherlock had Connie. “I take it what Elisabeth said was true, then,” she commented, drawing John at last from his diverted attention.
family, they were mates and neither of them questioned it or wished for that to change, but John was coming to understand that being mated didn’t mean quite the same as being married and with all the trouble that came along with the Watson clan, he hadn’t expected there to be much-
Then she pulled it up and sniffed at his wrist.
The nothingness was a terrible feeling after how he had come to feel John.
John pushed himself up. As his eyes adjusted, he could see that it was the Colonel from the top bunk that had lost it. In the light bouncing in from the halls, the large room was a forest of the bunks with the dark, solid shapes of the other soldiers spread through it. It looked as though what disturbed their bunk bed was the impact of a body. The groaning lump that had sent it toppling over was one of the larger occupants of the room, if John was able to make out the shapes properly.
John didn’t precisely mind, being stripped by his mate was always an intriguing start to the evening, but it became quickly obvious that Sherlock wasn’t after any sort of sexy interlude.
had done in two armed thugs in an alley.
John checked his own watch and winced at the time. It was already half-seven.
Despite John’s edict, they all stood awkwardly with the silence hanging in the air between them. It was probably to do with how well the sergeant knew Sherlock’s history, and how pissed off John was despite his efforts to hang on otherwise. He could feel Sherlock’s general agitation, like a sip of sour milk in his tea, and it wasn’t helping his mood. He wanted this man out of their flat, hell, he wanted out of their flat, if he was honest. His eyes kept drifting for the door.
of the evidence, though it did gall me to be trapped in a useless interrogation while the weather got to the crime scene. Still. Even if some of it washed off, there’s just not enough of it here. And the skip, despite its other questionable contents, is free of blood residue.”
The very practical doctor living inside John was pleased to be validated in his assumptions. It did nothing for the uncomfortable feeling of wrongness that lingered in him or the sense memory of the miserable little cot. “It’s ok,” John said, “I’m a doctor, too.”
And there, that was bemusement. The feeling was muted, just as the anticipation had been, as the curiosity was, but it was there. Almost like it was repressed or held back by something else.
I'll take this note down when I put the next story in the series up, but I wanted to let everyone who's following the stories know that it will probably be around the weekend of September 13th before I put up the next story in the series. I have Maid of Honor duties to attend to, and we have a big work deadline. I beta for myself, and I won't sacrifice the quality of what you're reading because I have a time crunch on my hands. I'd like it to be another ten years before I get any gray hairs.
Sherlock cut himself short, turning his attention to Watson, and closed his mouth.
Sherlock was still standing near the front door, eyes trained on the sergeant in a way that looked predatory, a sort of look that John hadn’t seen since Russia. John paused, but Sherlock waved him in to the kitchen.
The contact was a shock, a rush of warmth that seared away the cold that had stolen into him. Impossibly, all at once, the ache vanished and took every kind of pain he had named (and several he hadn’t) with it.
“How’s it look?” he asked.
“Let’s just get the questioning over with,” John gritted out, clinging to the very last shred of patience that he had.
This must be Sherlock’s father, then — tall as his sons, with a thick shock of white hair and an immaculate suit. It was obvious which of the boys took after which parent. Sherlock looked his father’s son, with the same riotous curls, sharp cheekbones, and strong brow.
There was silence for a moment.
John tried to focus on her, but it felt wrong. The wrong pair of arms were around him, the wrong body pressed to his, the wrong worried voice rasped into his ears. There was no way to say to her that would make sense. The lingering ache in him was keeping him from thinking straight. He couldn't remember the script Mycroft had given him to read, and without it John knew he wasn't a good liar. Especially to Harry.
Of course.
“What if it’s important?” John asked, shifting enough to look Sherlock in the eye.
“Not on paper, you great blundering dolt,” the sergeant said. “Despite your opinion that the rest of us are idiots, it doesn’t take a genius for me to remember you two stone underweight and vomiting your guts out in the loo.”
He didn’t know what to put there. It could be called unfair, but was it? It wasn’t untrue, and because it wasn’t untrue he didn’t think it was entirely unfair. He stared at the wreck of the couch, looking at the spots where the half-assed job at cleaning the blood off had bleached the pattern away, and he sighed, feeling the abuse of the last few days as a bone-deep ache that culminated in a sharp pain in his shoulder.
Sherlock’s brows pulled together and he leaned over, pressing his forehead to John’s. The sudden closeness was a welcome surprise. John sighed and closed his eyes.
He would rather not think about it.
A wet nose shoved itself into John’s crotch, and he suppressed a chuckle at Sherlock’s blatantly possessive behavior.
The stories passed around back and forth turned to 'when they were children'. That was about the point when Sherlock left the couch to stand apart from the others, leaving John seated among them.
John wouldn’t even think of that morning when Mycroft had collected him.
John’s approval beneath the praise, and it was warm with sincerity.
of having a
Sherlock's arm slid around his middle. John didn't fail to notice the possessiveness of it, but felt reassured by his mate's closeness, especially in the face of the last question Sherlock had fired off.
Sherlock frowned, eyes narrowing. “You’re sociable. People talk to you about things. I’ve seen it. When they should be silent they find reasons to, things to say. Why-”
It was a long, sleepless night in a too-small, too-cold bed.
“That was excessive of me,” Mycroft said, lowering his eyes in apology.
“Because time stopped without you,” John said, speaking before he had time to think about it.
That feeling was hard for Sherlock to decipher, but he knew it would cause problems in the near future.
John had absolutely no objections to that.
“What?” John asked.
John couldn’t help but snort at that. Sherlock had gone so quickly he had practically
There were ten or twenty things John could say in response to that, but what he chose was, "Hold me."
There was certainly a question he would have to ask John, included in the entire 'later' that he had been forced to wait for. How exactly had whoever it was managed to capture John?
John concentrated on being reassuring, on
John knew quite certainly that he had done the best he could for all of them. His reward (and, at times, his trial) was the dashing, mad husband he had taken. The husband that John could not quite see engaging in sport like another member of the
"Mummy, is this quite necessary?" Sherlock asked.
“Tea,” John said softly, leaning his head against Sherlock’s back.
“Hear your… echoes?”
answer them at the station in very short order.”
John didn't even notice the decor. He only had eyes for Sherlock as he shrugged out of a posh, ridiculous looking coat and snatched John back into his arms. John let himself go pliantly wherever his mate’s hands nudged him as Sherlock bent and sniffed behind his ear, then down his neck, and began peeling layers off him so quickly it was as if the clothes had personally offended the man.
“That’s classified-” the sergeant started. “How did you put that together?”
“Take me to bed,” John said, setting his mug down.
“Milton was one of my dealers,” Sherlock said, already bored with this demanded explanation. “He supplied me with cocaine. I have always been ruthless about having an untainted source. Paying extra was my concern, but I preferred that to the alternative of a secondary side-effect.”
John gasped for breath, trying to shut his ears to the sounds of other members of the medical staff hurrying into the room to assess the damage done to the invalid soldiers. Sergeant Hall knelt over him, and John closed his eyes against the too-bright light as gentle fingers touched his arms.
John had grown rather unaccustomed to being naked without the warmth of his mate against him.
am well aware of,” Sherlock replied, with only a slight grinding of his teeth as he flopped back onto the sofa. He sat still only for a moment, and then leaned forward to the containers of food, as though he were too agitated to sit still.
“She’s going to throw a fit at you, and won’t be home when you get in,” Sherlock said. “She’s at a sibling’s house, or, more likely, she’s been pulled.”
“No one is Mycroft,” the sergeant replied. “I’m fairly certain even
She did well covering it, but she was.
“How did that turn out for you?”
As sometimes seems to happen in these moments of connection, the sound in the room fell away, and there was only the two of them.
The newspaper rustled again, but Mycroft did not repeat himself.
“More likely that’s from the hospital in Turkey,” he replied.
“Awful chairs, worse coffee,” Greg said. “Come with me.”
Rather than do or say anything untoward, John found a seat on one of the couches and tried not to think about his reaction to them, or the sheer number of relations he seemed to have gained. The wolves were all vibrant and outspoken, and
Then she left, and he changed, and an orderly showed him back to the small room where he was being kept pending the medical exam.
There was not enough data to extrapolate further, and the lack of information threatened to drive Sherlock mad.
“In this case there is.” John folded his arms. “Just because you put your tongue in my mouth-” Sherlock scoffed at that, but John kept right on, “-or anywhere else, for that matter, it doesn’t mean I’ve got no choice about it. Despite the shag fest to the contrary, I can control myself.”
Whatever manner he would have come up with would have been far less abrupt and-
"Apologize in the morning," John sleep-mumbled in response.
follow me."
“Well you have met Gerard.”
Sherlock snorted, drawing John’s attention back to the table.
As much as John had
“Sherlock.”
“John?”
This chapter would not have been born today without the assistance of the wonderful
Sherlock startled, looking at him, but the twitching stopped, and Sherlock offered a tight little smile before looking out the window again.
“Your question made no sense, so I have chosen to answer a better one.”
“If you don’t mind my saying, Doctor, you don’t look so well,” the sergeant said carefully as John let them back into the flat. “Are you sure you shouldn’t have gone to the-”
“Washed out, I guess,” he said with a slight shrug. “You have to admit we’re all a bit gray in here.”
Sherlock was less than amused when the frustration served to teach John a quick lesson on blocking him out.
“Dealers get picked up all the time, what about when your supply was cut off?”
In the morning, John felt a bit better. He hadn’t dreamed the night before, which was a little strange, but he woke to Sherlock broadcasting a vague, supportive sort of interest and John figured that even bad dreams couldn’t stand up to a determined werewolf. John came to with one of Sherlock’s long arms tight around his middle and the other stretched over him, loosely clutching a phone that looked to be entirely out of battery. Sherlock’s breathing was sluggish, and that made John smile, for some reason. Probably because it meant Sherlock had gotten sleep.
Anne, it turned out, had a particular fondness for James Bond.
“Bloody buggering fuck.”
“Mm.”
alley? How could anyone tell one type of blood from another? The skip, the car fumes… all the samples came back contaminated.”
John spread his hands, offering a shrug. He was aware of the way that Sherlock was staring at him, and he could feel the nervous energy of his mate. The feeling was like a fluttering, refusing to settle into any single emotion. It was unsettling, to say the least. “Just what I said,” John replied.
Gerard took the open seat on the couch, and handed John a glass.
“Have your ‘trained’ ‘technicians’ figured out that the site of the body is not the scene of the murder yet?”
Annnnd that's the end of this story. Suffice it to say that all comments, kudos, and questions are welcomed and appreciated. Thank you to everyone for reading.
“The part about this not being the first one we’d missed,” the sergeant said.
From where he was crouched, Sherlock jerked his head up and turned to look at Watson as though he hadn’t heard that particular tidbit about the man before.
It took a moment, but it clicked. John smiled and nodded. “From Bart’s, yeah?”
“You didn’t kill Milton,” Greg said, opening the fridge and holding up the container of milk.
That was odd. Or, not really odd, but surprising. Especially considering what Harry had said at the station.
“Wife?” John asked. It was the second time she had been mentioned, it was only polite to inquire.
Looking up, John was surprised to find the bunk above the one he’d just made occupied, and frowned. “Excuse me?”
John came back to himself with warm arms around him and a soft blanket under his cheek. He could smell the chemical scent of what he’d worked into the couch, but stronger than that was the scent of Sherlock. His mate was wrapped around him, not quite at octopus level, but definitely cocooning him in the warm safety of arms and blanket. There was something off about it though, he could
“No amount of it will make me lie, Sherlock,” John said firmly. “Worse methods have been tried. I’m more than a bit stubborn.”
Just thinking of his mate sent a pang through the hollow husk of himself, and John did his best to keep it hidden the same way he’d been hiding the rest of his troubles from those monitoring him.
in this chapter.
John couldn’t understand the reason for it, but somehow John knew that any reasonable argument against going in would go over about as well as tossing an aerosol can on a bonfire to stop it. He sighed heavily and turned back to the bedroom.
The pair of them went to the scene early the next morning well before the traffic in the area had picked up, though how Sherlock had known the traffic patterns in the area was beyond John’s reckoning. The scene was removed from view, down a stretch of road that had some old plant or warehouse on it, and behind an office that looked like it got little traffic from time to time. John reckoned there were probably some very bored workers that went in and out of it, and hoped (even though he knew better) that however Milton had looked when he was found wasn’t the sort of thing that would traumatize some poor old office lady.
“I’ve been solving the Met’s cases for years,” Sherlock replied, “they rarely take the suggestions of their incompetence well.”
“John…”
“Coming to my flat late at night certainly means you believe it to be,” Sherlock said, eyes narrowed.
That obviously was
John didn’t think he had the patience to talk Sherlock back out of them, and the last thing he wanted was to have to call Mycroft to sort a damn thing. He cut right across Sherlock’s bluster with, “No one hired me for anything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The two fell silent at that. The conversation lowered around them, just a bit, and John got the impression that the conversation with the only other human of the pack was planned. He wondered why Gerard had been sent to talk to him. He scowled into his glass at the thought of it.
Sherlock brushed off the worst of what had come with him from the skip, took a few photos with his mobile and then they left.
Sherlock ended the call, and when the phone made another awful noise almost immediately, he held down a button that seemed to power it off completely.
“Missed something,” John said, confused by Sherlock’s surge of joy.
John told himself it was just precautionary. He’d been six months out, he reminded himself, and then he’d been injured inside the facility. He tried to ignore the way all the colors around him were fading, the way that everything was turning gray, and the ache in his stomach that was growing more insistent.
While John was cleaning up, Sherlock got a call.
The teacup slipped from John’s fingers as his hand spasmed. He barely heard it hit the floor.
Horatio snorted, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock frowned, and John felt a shock of
It was worse because he couldn’t remember it all. He had no associations with the original wounds, just vague memories and a knowledge of present pain. He was smart, and anatomy classes were easy enough to recall so he could match up what was hurting with what had happened, but knowing it intellectually was just not the same for him. He couldn’t move his arm and know in a visceral fashion that ‘that was because of the gunshot’ or determine ‘that must be from the bite’.
The course of tea involved both Georgiana and Marianne arriving. Both were Temperance's elder sisters, made obvious from their open affection for her as well as their similar statures. Mycroft greeted his cousins with obvious pleasure, and as the pack began to fill the room, John began to notice similarities between them that went beyond physical traits. Their mannerisms were all similar. There was a stillness about them when they were watching and listening that mirrored Sherlock's, though John's mate had a rather singular focus to his attention that even his relations could not match.
“I’ll never keep up,” John mumbled, pleased to feel his mate’s skin against his lips.
That said, I hope you've enjoyed this chapter. I'm posting it as the start of my birthday events today. Yay!
Sherlock?”
Milton turned suspicious eyes on John, as though this was the first he was seeing of him. From the look of him he had to be on something.
Sergeant Lestrade would
"Little?" John asked, thinking of the long stretch of his mate.
Mycroft was unaccustomed to the level of despondence he could read in his brother, though. The had to be more than simply the drugs. The brother that Mycroft knew was gone, and in the admirable wolf’s place was left this listless, pining thing.
“Worse. Temperance.” He jabbed the volume button pointedly and tucked the phone back away. He held out a hand to John. “Let’s see it.”
John was grateful for that.
“I… uh… think the blokes put it in the break room.”
There seemed no room for discussion on the matter. Sherlock sulked the rest of the way through breakfast, despite John's attempts to draw him out of it. After breakfast, Elisabeth took John by the arm and they went for a walk out onto the grounds. The fresh air did wonders for John's nervous mood. After the initial standoff, John found Elisabeth's presence companionable. He rather liked her, and he'd only known her a few hours. John couldn't help but ask about Sherlock's reaction to him meeting 'the others'.
“What were you doing there, Watson?”
"Oy, none of that just now," Horatio said, chuckling, "if you're not here to greet Temperance when she comes in she may stomp straight into your room."
“Takeaway,” Sherlock announced, kissing John again before rolling away and to his feet. “How do you feel about Thai?”
“That,” Sherlock replied, “will require some research.”
Greg nodded. Rather than giving voice to any of the questions he had about any of this, he turned for the door. Behind him, he could almost
“It’s brilliant,” Sherlock retorted. “Absolutely brilliant.”
“In this instance, I happened upon the scene of a murder. As I did not wish the personal scrutiny that would come from a close association with the crime scene, I found the nearest officer. CSO Lestrade was on patrol in the area. I took him to the scene.”
The rush of it might have sent him reeling, but Sherlock was there beside him. Long fingers reached out to catch his elbow as the older wolf turned and led the whole group to the dinning room.
"Oh, well, right."
The soldier that was assigned to the group of them - not that John had yet really seen anyone else in the quarantine hall, but wasn’t that the point? - called the names of those that would be off to the doctors, each ordered by doctor name and then alphabetical down the soldiers, and then those that would be remaining in their rooms, also ordered alphabetically, finally he called out those that would come off the hall after breakfast.
Both of them seemed to be having trouble with it. There was a particularly dark colored mark on the bag where the box had been, and John wondered just
“Narcissist.”
John stared at it. He ran his fingers along the case idly, not sure what to say, and that’s when he felt the marks on the back. Turning it over, he saw an inscription on the back. The phone looked new, and whoever had bought it for Harry had gone far enough to have it engraved. He frowned and held it out. “I can’t take this.”
“What you said in that interview to DI Hopkins,” the sergeant said, “what had him almost slapping you in handcuffs.”
It still sounds better than the alternative. Originally I had written that they were stopping in Kiev, Ukraine, but... well. Couldn't go there.
“Considerably,” John grumbled, not really wanting to get into that on top of everything else.
So then, beloved readers, this chapter concludes
“You’re a detective, and you can’t figure a posh toff when you see one?”
“Sure you weren’t,” John said, smile tugging at his lips.
Sherlock, who wound himself around John like an octopus, chewed on him absently when he was thinking, and regularly fucked the thoughts right out of John’s head.
Not only would John be reticent to respond, neither did Sherlock wish to share the answers with his brother.
John waited for some comment about how John insisted upon silly things, recalling a spike in Sherlock’s temper when he’d insisted that the body was nothing to compare to the mind, and that
It felt a hundred years ago when John and Harry had been children. That picnic in May with the four of them. John could still recall the color of their mother’s dress against the picnic blanket, bright like the sunshine before everything had gone to hell. His pace slowed as they entered the park. Even though it wasn’t a holiday, there were plenty of people in the park. For a moment, John thought he’d have trouble finding her.
“He tried to,” Sherlock admitted, drumming his fingers on the arms of the chair. “But I pointed out to him several things that were out of place, indicated that if the news had any notion of what the police thought had really happened then I would weep for the justice system in its entirety, and asked if they had recovered any of the man’s personal effects.”
Time.
“I was not in control of myself, which is inexcusable, and the pain of... our separation left me in a bewildered state, I was... not myself, John.”
Sherlock got his feet properly under him and launched forward, but his movements were impaired by the drugs. Mycroft caught the arm that Sherlock swung up towards his face by the wrist and wrenched it upwards as he took a step around behind Sherlock. Sherlock retaliated by throwing his free arm backwards, elbow aimed at Mycroft’s shoulder, but Mycroft hooked his left ankle around Sherlock’s and pushed two steps forward. A savage shift of Mycroft’s weight brought Sherlock back down and pinned the younger wolf awkwardly against the sink once again.
For a moment, John’s thoughts stuttered. Then a flip switched inside him. Something uneasy stole into him, and anger came with it. He clenched his left hand, but it shook anyway. Sherlock’s gaze fixed on it, and his brows drew together in confusion.
Greg checked his watch. It was still early afternoon. Abbey wouldn’t be cursing his name just yet, and they could still catch the train later. It felt
“I’m an
. John wouldn’t know until he went back to see a doctor somewhere, and he didn’t relish the idea of any more doctor.
“Abigail,” the sergeant said. He cleared his throat, glancing at John awkwardly for a moment before going back to his papers. “She’s…”
Thankfully, Sherlock was in no fit state to pluck it out. If he were, no short duration of tantrum would answer it, Mycroft was sure.
He didn’t know if it was right to take that away from someone else who might only need a bit of help.
It took a moment, but Sherlock reluctantly looked up at him.
“A fact I am observing,” John said, turning his nose into the fine fabric of his husband’s jacket. He breathed in deeply, trying to puzzle out what Sherlock smelled like beyond himself.
“You’ll debrief properly later, Captain,” the medical sergeant - Hall, her nametag read - said as she scribbled on her paperwork. “Someone with higher rank than me, of course. I’m really just making sure you’re not carrying anything contagious.”
Keeping half an eye on the little interrogation, Sherlock turned his thoughts back to the situation of John. There had to be a… more agreeable way to consider the situation. He just had to puzzle it out.
A constable had taken the initial dispatch. The whole street wasn’t marked off as the eccentric ex-addict’s (hopefully ex, or he had no problem turning the man in for it this time) private territory. It wasn’t until that particular building became the scene of the disturbance, and until the blood in the stairwell led right up to the man’s door.
“What is it?”
Any musings of a fic-related nature can be found on my
“Precisely as I said,” Sherlock said with grin.
John didn’t deign that remark with a response, turning for the stairs. He didn’t hear Sherlock’s footsteps either in the direction of the lab or following behind him, but he could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him as he ascended. All John wanted, in that moment, was their warm bed and Sherlock’s arms, barred that he would like the warmth of the sitting room and a full stomach. He was quite ready to sleep off the last few grueling days of the case.
. If the sergeant was any good at his job, he ought to be able to tell the difference.
It was Sherlock’s turn to blink.
It sort of made John wonder if he’d have made it.
The Colonel surged upright, dragging John off his feet in the process. Strong hands reached up and clawed at his forearms, but it was John’s shoulder that protested with a sharp pain. The Colonel thrashed, trying to dislodge John. John’s shoulder screamed at him as he clung, wrapping his legs around the taller man’s waist to hang on. Thankfully the others found an opening, and pressed the advantage. The three of them took the Colonel to the floor, trapping John beneath him.
John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand, threading their fingers together.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not sure it is,” Greg replied.
“Out?” Lestrade prompted.
Sherlock set his sandwich down on the island in front of him and looked at Mycroft. Long fingers settled on the counter amid the chaos of food he had taken from the refrigerator. Sherlock drummed the fingers of one hand, and his jaw tightened.
“Apparently she hasn’t since I went missing,” Sherlock said. “Let’s get her dressed and inside.”
For a moment Sherlock just watched him. His eyes darted across John’s face, his lips twitched once, and then he snapped the book shut. “Yes, I had sort of figured.”
"Then explain it," John said, yanking the scrubs on. "I'm his mate, and more than that,
John couldn’t make out the words, precisely, but he knew that voice even without being able to hear what was said.
“Of course, sir,” Matthews replied.
“Which suggests-?”
“Breakfast!”
When it all started, all he knew is that John was
"Generally doesn't," John replied. "Hasn't done much aside from get me abducted from a hospital."
For a moment the three of them stood there. John took the few steps over to where the sergeant stood in the bedroom doorway, peeked in to check on Harry for a moment, and then closed the door with all of them on the outside of it. The sergeant didn’t protest, but he did take a step back.
The tea was ready, and John gathered the mugs up, carefully. If he focused hard enough on his hands, the shaking went away, but there was still enough of a tremble to disturb the surface of the tea. He was only a few steps into the living room before Sherlock was there, taking two of the mugs - somehow guessing correctly at which one was his - and delivering the spare to the sergeant.
Sherlock tipped his head. “What do you mean?”
Harry was drunk.
“Marvelous,” John grumped.
Agitated, John couldn’t find the right words to ask Sherlock about why he was doing it. Every time he started to ask he felt a throb of pain from some traitorous part of his frail, human body that had him gritting his teeth together. He gave up trying after a while.
Oh. His leg.
“Retribution?”
It turned out Sherlock knew a place. There was a little hole in the wall Greek restaurant just around the way, not the sort of thing that John expected to find in Bloomsbury of all places, but the kebabs were very, very good. Once they were finished, and everything was paid - John still didn’t know where Sherlock got his money, but from the delicious looking (and exorbitantly expensive) way his mate dressed, he didn’t have to worry just yet - Sherlock loitered on the sidewalk.
“Mmm,” John agreed. “More fun.”
With a gentle hand, John stopped Sherlock from undressing him. “I can still do for myself.”
For a moment, John was distracted by his quest - the only edible thing in the cupboards seemed a questionably old container of cut-oats that would do for the hour, as it didn’t seem infested with anything - and then when Sherlock didn’t say anything else, John turned to look at him. “Sherlock?”
“What are you talking about? He looks to be having some sort of a flashback,” Greg protested, fumbling with the bag. It was heavy, bulky, and seemed to contain a kettle along with whatever else was rattling about.
In a neat little maneuver, Sherlock freed an arm and fished the phone from the floor, answering it before John could gather the wits to stop him.
“Then let me try to explain this in a way that that big, galloping brain of yours can fathom it.”
Lestrade edged into the room around Sherlock and pushed the door closed behind him. “Put the bloody robe on, you nutter,” he snapped.
“Well, he’s out,” John said, letting the outer door close and rolling his shoulder against the ache that had settled back in since Sherlock left.
John flopped back against his pillow for a moment, closing his eyes in an attempt to get back to sleep.
“Don’t mind it,” Anne said to John as they settled in at the table. “One or the other of the two of them always has something on that needs dashing after.”
Sherlock was frowning. He gestured to the store. “You’re reticent to use the phone you have. This is where we will acquire a different one.”
It was the third morning without Sherlock. John’s stomach sank as he came to realize it was a small, empty bed that he was lying in.
After the phone call interruption that morning, John was tempted to leave the caller on the doorstep.
The eyes that focused on him were keen, and John felt as though they were looking right into him. Looking into him, but missing something that ought to have been obvious. “You can’t come up with a reason I might have been angry tonight?” John asked.
“We’ll go try to not get arrested looking at the scene, but we’re doing the shopping.”
suspicious in their building after the trouble with Milton. He turned to the door, expecting something dangerous, something sinister, something in fatigues and with a scope—
Sherlock snorted.
“I take it you have some reasoning behind your insistence.”
“You need a mobile,” Sherlock said, coming out of the trance-like way he had been looking at the street. He looked down at John, nodded, and then turned on his heel and marched down the street.
He failed.
Whether or not he thought of doing it the entire ride back to his office was his own business.
"Stay," John said.
Once Sherlock was dressed they headed out.
Curious, at least, John stepped out of the bathroom, toweling himself off. Mycroft seemed to pay very little attention to his nudity, which had to be a werewolf thing, and John was grateful for it.
John reached up to stop him, and Sherlock snarled at him, smacking his hand away and continuing to undress him almost urgently. "Hey!" John protested, reaching up to catch Sherlock's wrist again only to have Sherlock's face shoved into his. Both grey eyes narrowed warningly, and John could see the wolf in this. There was no point in struggling against it. "This really isn't the time for that."
The questions shifted, and then it was about his escape.
Apparently this was ‘working on’ the proximity issue.
Sherlock didn’t say anything in reply. He set the mug down absently, taking a step forward. He lifted a brow questioningly, and John could read the question without hearing it.
The tension that had crept into John since the fight ebbed, and he sank shivering into Sherlock's arms. He wasn't sure he'd be able to sleep, but his mind began to slow down, and his breathing began to even out.
Sherlock’s body wrapped around him, but beyond that, where normally he could sense Sherlock’s moods enough that it was like tasting him, there was nothing.
A surge of
“Mm.”
Tightening his grip on Sherlock’s hips, John shifted forward until he was against his mate’s back, and then wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
"I highly doubt any court would find you derelict of your duty for failing to escape from a second enemy held territory after having been tortured."
had expected that for him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Knowing that the blood tests would likely be done by morning, John had settled down on the little mattress to sleep off the wait.
“I don’t ask things I don’t want to know.”
“What evidence?” the sergeant demanded, and John
A low, displeased grumble came out of Sherlock at that, but he made no further comment. He ran his tongue against the angry wounds on John’s arms, exploring each of the healing marks in turn, and then frowned. “We need these covered up. They’ll open again.”
It wouldn’t have mattered if he had. It wasn’t a romantic nothing he was whispering, considering the grayness that had descended on him the longer they were apart. That was the only true explanation he could think of for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s eyes caught John’s, what felt like the first time since they’d left to retrieve Harry, and he nodded at the spot he’d vacated on the chair. Whatever protest John wanted to make died on his lips when the ache of the fighting throbbed through him again. He shuffled over and sank down to the cushioned seat with a very silent sigh of relief.
Chuckling at that,  John realized the sergeant was still present. “Err… Can I help you with something?”
It was also effective.
“Don’t try it,” Sherlock said crisply. “John isn’t a weak spot you can exploit.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock did not notice, at first, when John fell behind. Confident strides of his long legs took him clear across the shop while John lingered just inside the door, frozen in his tracks on the thick industrial carpet. He stared at the shop interior - the high ceiling, the modern fixtures evenly spaced overhead, the bright lights of the LED bulbs in them that left spots in his eyes when he looked up at them - and his breath stopped as well.
Sherlock could, absently, feel Lestrade’s gaze on him.
John wasn't sure how to feel about having his lies made more believable, but there wasn't a better answer for it. He wasn’t feeling terribly optimistic about the entire orchestration of his return. No, that wasn’t it, he felt off… inexplicably
I quite literally quote
morning was that John had gone to bed with clothes on.
The woman tucked herself more firmly into her coat, and John gathered up the essentials - bread, milk, some cheese, sausage, a small variety of vegetables,
“I don’t expect they should be anything else,” John said, “he’s their family.”
“Then what-?”
Sherlock required no convincing. He climbed back into the bed, still dressed for the day, and wrapped his arms around John. "John," he sighed fondly.
“Your hand is spasming,” Sherlock said, stroking long fingers through his hair. “Did something happen?”
What ought to be the next morning - another meal and then the lights were out for a while, but maybe that was John falling asleep after lunch and missing the afternoon exercise period? - John could no longer deny how much was different. The twisting of his stomach had given way to what was now a constant, sharpening ache. John's hand - the one down from his wounded shoulder - started to shake, he lost his appetite, and he was forgetting what it felt like to be warm. He thought of Mycroft's warning that it would not be 'comfortable'. This went beyond that. There was something wrong with him, and the malady was getting worse.
Elisabeth flinched at the sharp tone of Sherlock’s demand, just enough to be noticeable. John, on the other hand, felt a rush through him that sent his muscles quaking and almost dropped him to his knees.
Harry demanded. “That way I’ll have your number. When I get a new one I’ll ring you. You know, in case you need a place to stay, or a chat, or… anything.”
“Am I going to see you again before you ship back out?” Harry asked.
There was no amusing commentary from either of them regarding Sherlock visiting them for obscure research reasons.
The seeming lack of independent will angered Mycroft. This was not the Sherlock he was accustomed to, and he hated the thing that had taken residence in his brother. For a cruel, bitter moment, Mycroft thought of dunking his brother’s head in the bowl of the toilet to shock some reaction out, but that sort of pettiness was beneath him. The very thought of it offended his own nasal sensibilities. Instead he let Sherlock slump on the toilet, ignored his brother’s glare and the low growl of incoherent threats, and stoppered the sink before twisting the tap to fill it.
Casting a critical eye on the brick and the cobbles, Sherlock declared loudly, “There’s not enough blood.”
Glancing back, John saw the man fidgeting just a little with his hat.
“You don’t think it was here?” John asked, ignoring the glaring question of where exactly Sherlock intended to test the samples. It explained all the glassware in the kitchen, and a few of the contents of the cabinets.
John wasn’t sure he could handle a call from Harriet.
“How do you know I’m going out?”
“You appear to be moving more fluidly,” Sherlock said, a touch defensively. “I was only inquiring-”
The walk back home would be a long one.
Sherlock didn’t comment on that, and John was glad of it.
was what it felt like to be the recipient.
“Sherlock,” John said, looking up at his mate.
John took a step back, putting his back to the wall just on the inside of the security scanners that lined the entry. He closed his eyes to block out the sterile looking walls and the bright white that felt like it was trying to project straight into John’s skull. He took a deep breath, trying to ignore the scent of the room.
With a bit of a smirk, Sherlock regarded John. “What do you think?” Sherlock took a step closer to John, coming close enough that John could smell the stink of the skip on him and feel the warmth of his mate’s body. “How did you say it the other night?”
sniffed him before. Elisabeth's words from breakfast came back. A quick glance at Sherlock told John that it wasn't unreasonable, but it did make John wish he'd taken a slightly more thorough shower.
“You… want me.”
By then, so long without Sherlock, John could feel that there was less of himself. What had once been
It still took a moment, but Sherlock did just that, long legs and wool coat radiating warmth from the spot beside John. He sat half turned toward John, brows in a serious line, eyes darting up and down him as though checking for injuries. “It’s dangerous to be out this late.”
"Sherlock?"
“It’s a convenient method of meeting individuals with information pertinent to my interests,” Sherlock replied.
It should not be mistaken that any of them - Holmes, Fairfield, or Lachance - were without a temper or a flair for the dark and dramatic, but of all of them, Sherlock seemed to turn their natural tendencies into an art form.
John wondered if Sherlock had even noticed the mess before.
Sherlock went dangerously still, and Mycroft waited patiently.
“I’ll tell you later,” John said.
He understood, a little, what John meant about the broadcasting, if
Watson groaned, rubbing his face with a dirty hand, and Sherlock’s attention shifted to him.
“You have no idea,” Sherlock replied, undoing his fly before leaning back down over John, capturing his wrists and drawing them up over his head. “Yet.”
That was another tick against whatever Sherlock was up to.
It wouldn’t take Sherlock long to find him. John wasn’t hiding.
Right. More of this, then.
John’s back hurt, his hand hurt, and his head hurt. Sherlock kept pace beside him, long legs slowed to match John’s angry stride, and the two of them headed through the morning streets avoiding most of the crowds.
John put his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder, breathing carefully. Sherlock was so casual about it, like they were talking about planting window boxes or ordering tea. “And you think that makes it ok?”
The sergeant frowned. “I can’t do that without a formal statement of complaint.”
“The cut-?” John started to ask, only to stop when he realized that it had been
Sherlock’s scowl at that reply was a full-body expression that began in his shoulders and telegraphed down the length of him until even the spread of his feet seemed to be displeased somehow. “Then what brought you to- Oh. Oh,
Faced with the prospect of a longer uncomfortable discussion and escaping into the evening, John heaved himself upright. He left the partially drunken coffee on the table and bent to put the phone in his bag. Harry caught him in a hug before he managed to get himself upright properly, and John staggered a little bit at the force of it.
The wolf in Sherlock wanted to bodily remove Lestrade. The wolf wanted to slam the door with the world forced outside and make a nest with John tucked into it, to carve out a space for John to calm down. It was a strangely
then a check-in was in order.
“Breakfast,” Sherlock declared, releasing John abruptly and rolling out of bed to his feet.
rather than beating too quickly. “Not just not being here as in being somewhere else, but being
There was silence for a moment, punctuated by another beep of the call-waiting.
"Don't," John warned, turning in his mate’s arms. He buried his face in Sherlock's neck and put his arms tight around his mate. The conversation with Harry wasn’t over, of course. She wasn’t done asking, and she was a
This time, however, Sherlock just glared, chest heaving, shoulders shaking, barely holding back the wolf within.
“I even texted,” Lestrade said, as though that meant something.
The bunk John went to sleep in lurched to the side and for all his tense muscles and hyperventilating and sweating, John fell right onto the floor when the bunk tipped over. He woke with the impact.
Sherlock was protesting loudly, and Sergeant Lestrade was arguing back in as firm, and authoritative a voice as he could manage. He would never match Holmes senior or Elisabeth, and thus was vastly ineffective, but-
“She got the sack. Everything went to shit, but she promised she wasn’t going to start drinking. She only went to town for an interview, and-”
wasn’t fear. Something that sent a rush straight to his-
Before either of them realized he was at it, he pushed past Sherlock and marched for the bedroom door.
Sherlock looked over at Watson, narrowed his eyes, but shut his mouth.
Dr. Watson,” Lestrade said, tearing his eyes away from the pale expanse of skin before him.
Oh, John knew Sherlock was there, but it was like knowing you still had your foot when it fell asleep and you couldn’t actually
“He is being monitored,” Mycroft replied gently, easily aware of his brother’s concerns. They would be his own, if the situation were reversed. They
Sherlock didn’t even flick his eyes in Mycroft’s direction.
As John pulled the sheets taught on the empty bunk he’d picked, he felt a sinking sense of dread, like this was another place he’d be stuck in. The other veterans around the room that he could see all looked haunted, with a pallor to their skin and matching sets of twitchy gazes. It wasn’t a room with much of any hope, despite the impending return home, and John’s spirits sank.
Fuck.
“Welcome home, John,” Sherlock rumbled.
From the look on John’s face, he was withholding his opinion, for the moment. Likely it had to do with some notion that was very obvious, possibly along the lines of:
Sherlock snorted, but after that he settled down for the rest of the trip. They made it to the city and once in London, John convinced Sherlock into takeaway. They were tucked away in the flat with it before nine.
(And for this I would like to thank my high school computer club, my undergraduate professors, and several sound engineers.)
directed at him, but ignored it.
hold Sherlock’s hand. He wanted to climb into him, or, alternatively, onto him so he could be carried home.
What a sight they must have made. John with his military uniform and the meager bag over his shoulder, Harry in her work clothes with her over-sized shiny purse. If they didn’t look so similar they would probably have looked like a couple, John thought as he let Harry bully him into a chair before she went to the bar to get drinks.
His thoughts were interrupted by John stepping close to him.
It wasn’t quite what John had expected. For several hours Sherlock and Connie played - something John would pay money to see his two-legged Sherlock do - while John watched and half-slept propped up against a tree. The shadows of the trees did not seem to move on the ground as time passed. The moon climbed the sky slowly, like an old man headed up a tall staircase. It was mostly dry where John was seated, thankfully, but as time drew on it got a bit chilly without the fur coat. If this was going to be a monthly thing, he’d have to remember to bring a blanket along.
"Quite the contrary," Sherlock replied, "I just listen before I speak."
John thought that maybe if he could remember what had happened to put him in the first hospital, he could make the dreams stop. So when the part of the day came when the occupants of the bunk room were brought back from the evening meal, and after the talkers fell silent as the evening became night, John set himself a task. He tucked into his bunk, and for as long as he could stay awake, he tried desperately to remember exactly what had happened to him that night in the desert.
“Bandages,” John said, shaking his head. His head was swimming with thwarted desire as Sherlock’s attention shifted from a very obvious
“Is it working?” Sherlock asked, lifting a brow at him. One brow turned into two. “You are.” When John gave him an unamused look, Sherlock added, “You’ve nothing to fear.”
The noise that Sherlock made in response was accepting.
“No.”
“John?”
"Not like this you won't," Sherlock growled in agreement, tugging John's fatigues open to get a hand inside.
“Just my hand,” John said, absently. That was odd, though, wasn’t it? He had a grip on the cup, but his fingers just let it go. That sort of thing hadn’t happened before, though it wasn’t out of the realm of possibilities if you considered the sort of wound he’d taken to the shoulder. Still, the wound to his shoulder had been months ago.
that those two you roughed up in the alley are out on bail. I need to speak with Sherlock.”
That thought sounded particularly uncharitable, and John squashed it viciously.
Finally the therapist released John. That was terrible as much as it was wonderful, because the entire ‘chat’ had him turned around and twisted. That last set of questions - all the things about what had happened in Afghanistan - were the ones that were the problem. The whole walk back to the bunk room, as they passed through every door, John expected to run into a wall of heat as he had in the desert. But this gray-walled facility felt more solid than the one in Afghanistan, and the tents had never been much good at keeping all the heat out. Still, John staggered as he returned to the bunk room and collapsed on his bunk.
"Shall we have it out now, then?" Sherlock replied, sounding bored. "You and I don't have such different taste, obviously."
“Right,” she said, “If you’re meeting up… you have to go.” She nodded to herself but didn’t seem inclined to get up from the chair.
Sherlock was…
“Briefly,” Sherlock replied. “The amount of blood involved with the victim meant that my pristine appearance ruled me out as a suspect.”
Of course the full moon brought other wolves to the house. It wasn’t the full pack - Mycroft would explain to John over a cup of coffee following a hearty dinner just what the logistical nightmare it was trying to keep that many wolves unnoticed from the population - but the personalities were big enough to make up for the lack of bodies.
He is not in this folder.”
“About my misconceptions, when we first met.” “The part where you thought I was a personal physician or the part where you were worried I was abusive?” John asked, flicking on the gas.
"Only if the human is particularly worthy," Sherlock said, stroking his arm with sticky fingers. "Don't worry about it. It's their fault they can't really see you. Mummy likes you, the others will come around."
“Of course they did,” Sherlock replied, quite simply. “Whoever splattered the scene did so with blood that had been cut. I believe the lab will come back with higher than normal traces of aminophthaloyl hydrazide.”
“There’s little difference in it now,” Sherlock said, sounding impatient. “What brought you to me?”
“Well, like I said, he’s not here,” John repeated, putting a hand up to his head as the sun caught on the pins on the sergeant’s uniform and glared into his eyes. “You could try his mobile-”
This was why he’d eschewed the entire process of mating,
Dr. Watson nodded. Greg turned back for the break room, and the other man followed.
“What?”
For a moment, Sherlock stiffened, and then he put the last book down on the edge of the shelf. “John-”
“Hello,” John replied, voice tight.
“I’ll ring you back, Clara.”
“You’re being friendly,” Watson said.
“Do you mind if I ask?”
He turned back into the flat and took it in. The sitting room was a jumble of things out of any order whatsoever. Now that he looked,
“Harry, I can’t just-”
As Sherlock never
He felt Sherlock hesitate, hovering in the doorway, and then he felt his mate turn and head out the door.
Sherlock Holmes was no light weight, of course, but he was tall, pale and a bit angular.
Something told John that he was going to start hating alleys.
Well.
“I noticed.”
John could feel Sherlock come back into the doorway, but he wasn’t expecting him to flop down on top of him, what with not looking and all.
No one had to say this aloud to Sherlock. He had read it from the concerned expressions on various faces. He’d thrown himself into his current strop in response to it before John had properly left. It was truly no wonder that he had reacted poorly to Mummy’s attempts to soothe him, if one considered the source of his bad mood.
“It happens from time to time,” Sherlock replied. He took John by the shoulder and ushered him gently back into the bedroom. “Get dressed.”
This was what John needed.
“Lover?” the sergeant coughed out.
you thinking,” Horatio said. “No wonder you fit Sherlock so well.”
"Timing," Mycroft said primly, lifting his newspaper again.
Sherlock was obviously determined to stay in bed this morning, despite all metabolic necessities that might attempt to encroach on the plan.
So who was the tea-drinker?
And that dark thought stared at him accusingly, the way dark thoughts like that always did. It tripped John a little as they headed along, but even the guilt that was threatening wasn’t enough to dampen the relief that he felt just being in London again.
“This evening, then,” Greg said.
A set of fresh fatigues was folded on the end of the cot on top of the bedding. There were no identifying patches, and they didn’t have his name on them, but they were clean and there weren’t any holes or worn out spots like the ones he was wearing.
At least when he was sober.
“Once this family business is taken care of, I’ll consider it,” Sherlock replied.
It was after dinner before John was properly introduced to Aldrich and Joscelin, with the hand shakes and the pointed sniffing. Their names were easy to recall, though the ones that came before them were beginning to fade into the press of bodies that were present. Aldrich remained taciturn, greeting John almost unwillingly, though his mate was as warm as the others. The pair of them seemed wary, and Sherlock’s reaction was just as stand-offish.
That night John slept in fits, if one could even call his rest sleeping. His mind was active, prowling through the shadowed woodland, buzzing with energy he felt he could barely contain. There were hours of night to be conquered, and he had the reign of it all: up hills and through trees, doubling back around outcroppings of rock, splashing first one direction and then the other up and down a stream.
"John..."
Sherlock finally left his leaning pose in the doorframe to stalk over to the couch where Milton was seated. There was vicious intent in his eyes as he went.
He wouldn’t use Sherlock for that. He wouldn’t do something like that to his mate, who was wonderful and didn’t deserve that sort of thing.
The tall man started, almost as if he’d been shocked. “What?”
It made all Sherlock’s nice words about how strong he was feel empty, and it echoed the last conversation with the base doctor who had told him that once he’d recovered he’d be discharged back home.
There was no way to be
“Follow the evidence, sergeant, and you’ll come to the same conclusion.”
Sherlock was crouched - fully dressed - in the pre-dawn light, holding a thermos and what appeared to be Connie’s pajamas. He was dressed, wearing crisp jeans and a shirt that was not-quite white. In the misty morning light, he seemed bright-eyed and refreshed, despite the prior night’s time spent entirely awake. He radiated relaxation and an amused contentment.
The two of them dozed a bit. Sherlock lay draped mostly across John's back, John shifted enough to get comfortable with one cheek pressed into a pillow. It was warm, and they were close together, and that was really all either of them had come to need over the last weeks.
Sherlock’s head reappeared in the doorway, and the pale eyes of his mate rested on him as though he might manage to disappear the moment he went unobserved. Rather than comment on it, as he found himself feeling the same way, John climbed out of bed.
John was sure she had good intentions at one point, probably to do with bundling her invalided baby brother back to her flat, but somewhere along the route to collect him that altruistic sibling protective impulse had gotten diverted. All the grayness of the world and shaking of his hand didn't prevent John from thinking the worst thing he could think of.
“The sort of thing you call 999 for, Sherlock.”
“There’s too much blood,
Sherlock gaped at him, still wound up from his rebuttal. John waited. Sherlock stared at him.
“More… careful?” John asked.
Unfortunately for my geographical accuracy, my history classes did not actually cover the Cold War. (I wish I was lying, but I've got a master's degree and nope, never broke 1776 in American history, and I had to quit the Russian history class almost as soon as Rasputin did away with the Romanovs.)
“There’s a lot we don’t know about each other,” Sherlock said, shifting forward until John’s back was against his chest. “You said that, in the cage.”
They toured the gardens, walked to the top of the nearby hill to look on farther fields with woods that stretched for a great distance, and paused in the greenhouse on their way back to the house. All of the grounds were impressive, of course. They were distant from the nearest neighbor, which had to be convenient for the monthly shift into fangs and fur.
John was reasonably certain that anyone else would feel intimidated by the wolf, not because of his confidence, but because of the unsettling quiet that finished off his polished facade. John ignored the itching sensation he got at being scrutinized and focused his thoughts on the present topic.
"This is based on the reports from my file, isn't it?" John asked.
Both because anyone who managed to navigate a relationship with Sherlock for any extended period of time deserved an award and because it took courage to have such an extraordinary partner.
Despite the fatigue that had its grip on his body, sleep proved elusive.
To distract himself, John studied Mycroft. The suit the other wolf wore was dark, cleanly pressed despite whatever participation he had in the rescue the night before, and impeccable. It was the sort of suit that John would never buy for himself because of the outrageous price tag. Looking over his - was in-law an appropriate term in this instance? - looking over the wolf, John thought of what Sherlock had told the people that held them. He thought of what he could remember his mate almost sobbing out as he himself was jolted in punishment for slow answers. The words drifted through his head now.
John wasn’t sure, to be honest.
Sherlock was what John needed, more than anything else.
No, he liked Sherlock
Sherlock began to reply, but there was a knock on the door that interrupted them. Mycroft stepped in, followed by an orderly with two sets of scrubs. "Sorry to interrupt," the orderly said.
“Obviously if you have a mobile, I require the number.”
, he did not pass from man to corpse in this location.”
Sherlock nodded as well, and began carefully closing all the packages he’d taken out. The meat wrappers were folded and tucked in carefully. Where there were ties they were bowed securely, where there were seals they were zipped with all the excess air released from the plastic. He lined up the bottles of sauces and carefully cleaned the edges of the jar tops with a separate corner of a napkin on each before screwing the lids on tightly. Then he scooped up the jars and the packages of meat and returned them all to the refrigerator. He snatched up his sandwich quickly, as though afraid that Mycroft would make a move for it, and brushed past his brother. “After dinner we can go.”
Still another.
John shifted back, glad of the warmth against him, and the arms around him. His body was interested in what Sherlock was up to, and he could barely keep his eyes open as his mate’s clever hands glided along the hardness of him.
By request, he had left his office, left town, and come out to the house.
“John,” Sherlock said softly, in a tone that sounded heartbroken in a way that Greg had never thought to hear out of him.
“I only got back a few weeks ago.”
“Luminol,” Sherlock said, sounding annoyed.
Mycroft?” Sherlock grunted after several minutes in the stalemate of silence. “You should only be here if you are bearing
From wherever it was to the side of the bed, Sherlock’s phone beeped and went silent.
The empty space inside him spread, and John’s thoughts drifted. The gentle noise of the water served to calm John further, and then in his empty thoughts the gentle noise of the water wasn’t the water anymore. There was another time with something wet hitting something wet, somewhere hot and bright. The whole world was the color cast off by the street lights - an unforgiving amber.
Sherlock barely released him long enough to lead the way up to the flat.
John came back to the park gasping for breath as though he’d been held under water. He didn’t remember holding his breath, but the air rushed into his lungs and he couldn’t get enough of it. The echoes of the park - the fountain and the insects - came back and John was once again on the bench beneath the trees. John could feel his heart pounding in his chest, but he didn’t know if that was from the flashback or from Sherlock’s anxiety. Either way the thudding of it was a disturbing, almost painful sensation.
“It’s not-” the sergeant started. Then he sighed. “That’s not
All because of Sherlock Holmes.
“We’ll take a look at the scene,” Sherlock said. “Detective Jones was most helpful by supplying me with photographs of the scene. It can only be one in one of two places. The brickwork was distinctive.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He could
Mycroft made an agreeing little hum and adjusted the cuff of his jacket.
The world closed up around him.
The warmth was a shock, and with it came a bit of what had happened before. It was just a flash of a concerned expression on a face that John thought he should recognize but didn’t quite.
They fumbled dressing gowns open, and off in John’s case. Sherlock spread his legs and planted his feet, gripped John by the waist, and John wrapped a hand around their needy erections. Sherlock’s hand wrapped around John’s, tightening the grip on them, and then they were both thrusting. For a few pushes of hips it was too dry to be comfortable. Sherlock stilled John by tightening the arm around his waist and loosened their hands. He lifted his to John’s mouth.
“It very well may,” the sergeant said, grinding his teeth together. “So the two of you need to come with me. I can’t postpone-”
“How do I
way to wake a soldier from a nightmare, John was glad for the way his mate’s long body had him thoroughly pinned to the mattress.
"Did you really think I would betray them to those scientists?" Sherlock snapped.
“It is.”
. And John took comfort that there were enough things left to figure out to be certain of them being ensconced in London for quite some time. Sherlock’s game was in criminals and mysteries.
Then he took the kettle from the bag, and the box was half-flattened on one side.
Another rush of annoyance, and then it faded back into anxiety. He could almost see the barely there tilt of Sherlock’s head as he scented the air to catch which way John had gone.
Also, this chapter completes Exogamy, or at least the first half of it. The second half of it will come later, so I'll be marking this story as "complete" for now.
There were worse things, of course. John knew a couple. He’d thought his stomach was settled down when he woke up, but being surrounded by these wounded men was doing something new to it. John found he didn’t want to eat much of what was put out for breakfast, but he didn’t seem to be alone in that. John forced himself to eat, pushing through the sullen feeling that had settled in him, knowing he’d feel worse later with an empty stomach.
Well.
Sherlock’s gaze was worried as he spun to look at John, and a wave of feeling hit John again even before Sherlock grasped his arms and asked urgently, “John? Are you- John?”
reason he knew it was aminophthaloyl hydrazide contaminating the samples without having done a lab test of his own. He had also come up with a way to explain how he was certain that the blood at the scene had been augmented with pig’s blood in the first place.
The well-dressed wolf paused, sniffing once and turning to glance back into the living room. “You mean that quite literally, I see.”
“I think I understand,” Sherlock said.
A minute stretched into minutes and the moment lingered.
John’s eyes shot open. That long? It had been
“It will not happen again,” Sherlock broke the kiss to say, in a tone that brooked no argument.
John could think of nothing worse than Harry at the end of the most miserable week of his recent existence. He could barely figure out how he was going to make it from the facility into London at all.
“Both of you?” The sergeant cast a dubious look at John, then.
Sherlock growled.
It was John’s turn to lead the way then. Sherlock followed quietly, staring at the back of his head the entire walk back to number nineteen. The silence was good, just as the fresh air was good. That odd panicked feeling from the shop subsided and John felt almost normal— well, he felt almost
Sherlock’s eyes were bright, and there was a smile on his lips like what John was used to seeing on children around Christmas. He strode the few steps forwards and took John’s cheeks in his hands and kissed him firmly. “You incredible thing,” Sherlock breathed out against his lips, adding in a reverent tone, “you unforeseen treasure.”
Mycroft never spoke in any informative or personal way about his separations from Anthea, and with what small remaining parts of him were not howling with distress over John, Sherlock hated that his brother had kept those thoughts silent. Some sort of warning would have been appreciated. If he had been warned, perhaps he could have prepared.
Once the worst of the case Sherlock had been engaged in was over, the gore cleaned up and the suspects tucked away properly, Lestrade shook John’s hand in the same friendly manner that he had the entirety of their acquaintance, and thanked him, stating that thanking Sherlock was unlikely to get him more than a snort in response.
“I don’t care whose idea it was,” the sergeant said. His frown was turning into a scowl. “It’s not what you do. No one with a record-”
One of the other wolves, then.
“Knackered,” John let out in a huff. Sherlock moved closer to him, standing him upright, but kept his hold on him. “I’ll be alright.”
They told him anyway. In the morning, several days later - how many days was it now, anyway? - an officer who was decidedly not Pauline told him in flat terms that John was no longer suited to military service and would be returning home.
John stared at the floor, because he knew that if he looked up at the sergeant then he would say or do something completely out of line with the ‘not ending up in handcuffs’ goal from earlier. He felt Sherlock grip his shoulders, felt his mate’s concern nudging at him.
“Did you really just say ‘what is best for Sherlock’?” John asked, bristling at the choice of phrase. He cast a scathing look over his shoulder. “What is he? A child?”
What he’d been brought was an expensive version of something he’d have picked out himself. Weather-appropriate, unassuming - at least until one felt the fabric of the trousers or shirt or the weave of the jumper - and seemingly sturdy. They weren’t colors that John would have put on himself, necessarily, but the bolder color choices did make him look a little more matched to what Sherlock had on.
Mycroft crossed to the sofa. He disconnected himself from what must now be done, as he had the last time it needed doing. He went through the motions as with any other detestable task. Rather than a yank, he grasped Sherlock by the nape of his neck. Rather than snatching vest and the collar of his silk dressing gown along with it, fingers closed around the material and tugged. Then it was an easy flex of arm that brought Sherlock to his feet, and Mycroft frog marched him to the bathroom.
“I gave you a choice.”
After that, Sherlock fell silent. They walked together, close enough that their sleeves brushed from time to time, but for the entire hour it took to beat a foot path to their destination, neither of them said a word.
The words weren't spoken in any tone harsher than the sneer Sherlock had used moments before, but it was a slap in the face. John's whole body tensed.
The entire weight of him pressed John back into the cold floor, and John struggled to breathe under the weight.
It was nothing at all like an early morning in the Watson household had become.
, how you came to be accosted by the two men in that alley?”
John’s hand twitched.
“Thanks,” John managed, covering his surprise with a soft grunt.
“Paracetemol and bed rest,” John said softly.
John looked at his sister, and everything that had been there before was still there - the shouting, the drinking, a number of hurt feelings and a string of broken promises. But there was more than just what was there before. Before, Harry had been untouchable, isolating herself by putting the alcohol between her and the rest of the world.
The elevator made its way up to the third floor, and John noticed that Sherlock tracked any stranger with his eyes whenever they crossed their path. And it was
The time of separation - and isn’t it melodramatic to think of it like that, John - dragged on and John began to get the antsy feeling that he’d been warned about on their most recent visit out to Wiltshire. The same one he’d felt the day before when his anger wore off in that elevator in Bart’s. It was pathetic, really, as he was the one that was telling Sherlock he’d have to work on his proximity dependency. His thoughts began to chase themselves around his head, circling back around to the foreign concept of
The flat was no larger than the last time they’d been there. It wasn’t a shoe box, certainly, but it wasn’t very much larger. John couldn’t really complain, he had been in smaller and lived with less space, so it wouldn’t have been a problem if there wasn’t a considerable amount of detritus. Sherlock huffed and grumbled defensively about his filing system whenever John tried to bring it up, and John was too pleased to be in some relative form of ‘home’ that involved just the two of them than to complain that night. They ate, they watched some crap telly that ended up with Sherlock snorting derisively every time one particular character spoke. When John politely asked Sherlock not to drown out the sound quite so entirely, Sherlock stomped off to the bedroom. John was growing used to some of Sherlock’s oddities, and watched the remainder of the show himself.
“I thought I might… apologize,” the sergeant said.
The paper rustled sharply, and Mycroft's eyes were sharp as he glared at his brother. Sherlock met Mycroft's gaze for a moment before he felt the shame of what he had said, and lowered his eyes. He curled closer to John absentmindedly, seeking comfort.
There was a room full of chuckles as they all began to take off their clothing, which for a brief moment struck John as being completely without modesty until it became obvious that he was the only one who thought so. This was all family, and there wasn’t anything to be embarrassed about.
No. John didn’t want to hear this. He knew he didn’t want to hear it, but he couldn’t not hear it. If this was his fault he had to know. “Until?”
Sherlock’s attention return to Watson. As he was closing the door behind himself, Greg happened to hear one last word out of Sherlock.
“I don’t understand this whole ‘bond’ thing that you all talk about whenever you bring up being ‘mated’,” John said, feeling particularly ineloquent and hating himself for standing in the posh landmark and rambling on like he belonged tossing boxes on a lorry somewhere. Elisabeth nodded to him to go on, though, so he did. “But when you mention it, you talk about it like it’s... tangible.”
and thus did not immediately know all things
“Sherlock?”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock said, sighing as though he could barely stand that formality, and then he lead the way out of the Bow Street office and into a waiting hack.
The doors for those being brought off the hall were opened one at a time and John collected his fatigue jacket and went out with the others to head down to the mess hall.
“Can’t,” Sherlock said, curling down around him. Long-fingered hands groped at John to check for injuries.
might anchor John against turbulence - a preposterous notion, but an endearing sentiment that nonetheless managed to pierce the tiny portion of Sherlock that remained admittedly sentimental - and fell asleep as soon as his head weighed down on Sherlock’s chest.
Clothes had been brought into the room at some point, and John didn't venture a guess as to how they knew his size. If Mycroft knew enough of his file to know he wasn't entirely discharged, it was a cinch for him to have found out something as mundane as what size trousers he wore, no matter how disturbing the thought of that was. He absolutely refused to think about how the pants had been the right size.
John thinking? Well. John could say the same for Sherlock now, though his mate remained silent.
“Then I am to understand that your ‘spat’ is about prior drug usage. Ah. Sergeant Lestrade was the answering officer, after all.”
Sherlock turned a glare on him that was vicious enough that Greg took an involuntary step back.
Then it became obvious that Connie was becoming tired, and Sherlock was growing restless. The playing tapered off and Sherlock trotted over to lick John’s face and smell at his neck. John put an arm around Sherlock, digging his fingers into his mate’s coat to pet him in return, and then Sherlock pulled back. He headed over to where Connie was seated, and nosed her in John’s direction before darting into the trees.
Cowed thoroughly, Aldrich dropped his eyes and tilted his head to the side in a gesture of surrender. He didn't lift his gaze until the elder Holmes turned away, and then his eyes fixed instantly on first John and then Sherlock. Even from across the space between them, John could feel Sherlock straighten up under the scrutiny.
“A doctor. And I should bloody well be asking you that question,” John snapped. He pointed at the couch, which he had long ago decided needed to be swapped out for something newer or at least cleaner, anyway, and demanded, “SIT.”
“Yeah, well. Put the robe on,” John said, “he can still arrest you on some pretense, and I want you back in-”
“Right, and I can’t… my brain doesn’t get that. All the medical training and all the A&E experience I have says you’re wrong.” Sherlock took a deep breath, but John continued on, quickly, “But all of that also can’t make heads or tails of you being a werewolf either.”
John squirmed until between the two of them they got his pants down his hips enough for Sherlock to work him into an almost embarrassingly quick orgasm. Sherlock murmured a soft endearment against his temple, quelling any self-consciousness John might have felt, and nuzzled John's neck before leaning back to lick his own hand clean. John watched, glad to be reclining already because when Sherlock did things like that he went weak-kneed with arousal.
“No you didn’t.”
“Milton’s body was completely exsanguinated. The photos made that clear to me, but this-” Sherlock extended a hand towards the blood stains on the brick wall, “this can’t be five litres. The area has been largely free of rainfall in the past days, less a light shower last evening. Not hard enough to wash away
The blackness of doubt stretched, and then it did not matter, because the gaping chasm was vaster than any words could have prepared him for, and there was no way not to fall in. He fell.
If that were the case, Greg had to be careful in approaching him.
As though able to sense Sherlock's agitation, John shifted against his side, cheek against Sherlock's collarbone.
To be honest, John didn’t know if he wanted him to.
“What’s this then?” John asked, sniffing the whiskey curiously. He offered Gerard a smile, hoping to encourage some conversation with the only other human present. As Gerard was mated in there was the possibility of the topic not being about Sherlock.
“It’s true,” John agreed. Sherlock took both his shoulders, and put his nose into John's hair. “But I want to hear it from you, not in gossip from your squabbling siblings or your mother.”
the short, sandy blond man leaned at the mantle in a jumper sipping tea.
John shifted, unable to frame the words he needed to explain the problem. All he came up with was, “Can we go?”
It was a curious feeling, having his anger trickling out of him like that. Like a cracked basin being emptied of water, John felt … hollow without it. For a moment there was nothing left in him at all.
John’s bewilderment was understandable, if you understood what happened in a flashback episode.
His mate seemed more curious than concerned about the introduction, so John took the cue that Horatio was alright. Elisabeth chuckled and patted Sherlock on the arm as she stepped past him, calling for tea.
"London, yeah?" he asked softly.
until Sherlock interrupted.
John really had no answer that he could give Sherlock that he wanted to own up to. Harry had forced the mobile at John at the train station, amidst the drunken fumbling hug and more tears than John was comfortable dealing with from her. He hadn’t turned it on since he’d reluctantly tucked it into the pocket of his jacket, so he didn’t even know the number himself.
The tension in him eased as he imagined Sherlock in London.
The scrubs had a long distance to travel to make it up Sherlock's legs so they could be fastened at his waist, and John resolutely ignored the sight of it. "Being part of a werewolf pack is not like having human in-laws," Sherlock said, reaching for the open-backed gown that had been provided for them. "All he knows about you is that you'd survived something against all odds, twice. You're a remarkable exception to normal rules, but he's still... a strong voice in the pack."
That at least oughtn’t to have been set up by Mycroft, John thought. John tried, very hard, not to imagine that there were mixers in which eligible, well-to-do wolves mingled with suitable matches. It was a fact made harder by where he was being introduced to the family. But then there was Mycroft’s obvious connection to at least two of the spouses. John wondered how many times Mycroft had pulled the Emma Woodhouse routine, and cursed Harry for inflicted summer reading program choices when they were kids.
Before John could answer, Sherlock had rolled them over and was up and off the bed, stalking towards the door.
"Sherlock
Another snort.
“Lunch,” Sherlock corrected. “It’s half-eleven.”
He hadn’t been aware enough to hear his own prognosis from the doctors who had treated him once he’d been brought back to base camp. He knew now, empirically, that he had lost fine motor skill in his left hand, and that he likely needed physio for it.
And that was fine, really. That was more than fine. John hadn’t realized what else he’d been without when he was without Sherlock, but he had a sudden urge to be as naked as was humanly possible and to have Sherlock
Unmollified, Sherlock growled, turning back to the refrigerator. He wrenched open the door once more.
John’s blue eyes found him, and Sherlock found no desire to look at or even acknowledge the other man in the room.
John groaned.
Greg had seen plenty in his tenure as a police constable. Still, when
John watched his mate, trying to gleam something, but Sherlock was blank and his expression was neutral. John frowned. He found that he
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought that blue would look good on you,” Sherlock replied, glancing over at him. “I was right.”
he told himself sternly,
I want to acknowledge that for all his massive intellect, Sherlock was operating, in the last chapter, on raw emotional instinct. Just like with Mycroft and that sink episode, I can’t state that it was the “correct” way to handle the situation.
Why the hell did Sherlock need to read him to answer?
I also do not necessarily agree with Sherlock’s denial in this chapter. There is an awful tendency to deny others their state of existence - be it thoughts, illnesses, or emotions - and I don’t support it. Yes, I know this is just fiction. But I live in America, and given the state of my country in 2017, I can’t post something presumptuous of the right way to treat someone who is suffering without some sort of disclaimer. I do not want to write fiction that is heartless or arrogant.
John groaned. “It needs to stop doing that.”
Do you remember that time we all got grounded? Sherlock nearly hung himself with the curtains trying to make his escape!
John could recall Sherlock insisting that in Wiltshire, but now he had more of an idea what that was about. There were only two reasons a cop would be involved with someone on drugs that John could think of - either overdose or arrest. He tightened his grip on his mug, trying not to jump to conclusions.
John turned his eyes on the Holmes matriarch. That was the second glimpse he had gotten of her as anything more than the polite hostess. The four wolves closed their lips around whatever else might have been said regarding the search they were undertaking, and for the rest of the dinner the conversation was left held up by Anne and John.
It began a little something like this:
A rough snort interrupted that train of thought. John was certainly no 'normal human'. He was singular.
There was a snort from the bathroom.
“She called yesterday morning,” John said, wondering at just how much time
“You are exhausted,” Sherlock replied in a tone that was far too soft for his usual chiding. But Sherlock removed his helpful hands and did not impede John from finish undressing on his own.
and even the warmth of the body on top of him wasn’t getting through that. "You were going to say, 'I'm here'."
“What would John think?” he snarled into Sherlock’s ear.
are you going?" Sherlock demanded from behind him.
This was an easy conversation spoken by two who knew the words perfectly. John surrendered to his mate’s grip, to his mouth, to his cock when it thrust into him. And as it was, or perhaps because it was the wolf in Sherlock that took him, there was some greater understanding the passed between them.
The teapot began to whistle - a watched pot did manage to conform at least when the temperature was high enough - and John took it off the hob. He glanced over his shoulder and saw the conflicted look on the sergeant’s face, as though he was unsure where to look. Sherlock huffed in annoyance and turned to stalk into the kitchen when the man didn’t answer him.
“Funny,” John replied. He shuffled back, glad that the glassware had already crashed down and what was on the floor now was more perishable and less jagged. He knelt to start gathering it up.
“Whilst John is only recently acquainted with my former drug usage,” Sherlock cut in, “I see no point in treading lightly over the subject in his presence.”
Greg positioned himself down the hall from where Dr. Watson had been questioned. As a sort of a peace offering, he had snagged two steaming cups of coffee.
mate. John fought the glare that threatened, but the glare won. Rather than give in to the angry, possessive feeling, he looked for a solution. Sherlock’s dressing gown was on the arm of the couch. John flung it at the back of Sherlock’s head as he passed into the kitchen.
And still they were standing listlessly about, John looked up at Sherlock. “Problem?”
Sherlock snorted.
"Does it happen often?" John asked. "Do wolves mate with humans regularly?"
Lestrade jerked to the side, surprised that he hadn’t noticed Sherlock standing by the windows. It wouldn’t be the first time the tall man had seemed to materialize behind him, but it still shocked him every time Sherlock surprised him. Sherlock stood with his back to the frame, sipping a cup of tea. He looked annoyed, but Lestrade had never seen him look anything other than annoyed.
“I’ll join you,” Sherlock announced, taking the stairs in the same flyaway manner he threw himself into most things, two at a time and rushing.
The resulting row he closed behind the door as he left echoed through his heart more than his ears.
Something was wrong with the way Sherlock said those words. Most times he did not bother to narrate his activity, assuming it to be most obvious, but this time he had. That was different enough that even John noticed it. John frowned for a moment, trying to recall. There had been quite a tussel several hours ago, and he knew that he’d taken a knock to the skull during it. Nothing serious, but when coupled with the exhaustion he was feeling it was more than enough to make memories a bit fuzzy.
“I could reconstruct it for you,” Sherlock said, sounding oddly detached in the same manner that his emotions were choked off, “but I am lead to believe that in this instance you should be telling me.”
All that mattered was right here in his arms.
“I warned you about this, Sherlock,” the sergeant said in a low, dangerous sounding voice, “I’m not going to cover for you this time, anything you’ve done-”
be uttered for any reason. Here was this, his mate, and here they fit together as John had never fit with anything in his entire life before.
“You haven’t explained
The memory slammed into him with the force of a car speeding into a brick wall. It was always a rough one to deal with, fresh enough that recalling it brought with it a rush of pain that jolted through his arm. Logically, John knew the pain wasn't real in that moment. He was leaning against Sherlock and nothing about the relaxed angle was likely to tweak the nerve damage that had been done, but he still felt it like a rush of fire burning into his bones.
At this distance, John couldn’t
“You propose, then, that you are speaking from a more educated position as a doctor, and that I-”
“You don’t even know why I’m mad, do you?” John asked.
He didn’t care. Neither about the look
“Someone say something,” he said, coming round and slumping onto the couch.
Nothing explained (what little had been) has made Sherlock's pack siblings something John could expect.
John soothed his mate with a careful application of hand-holding, keeping their fingers threaded together and, once, when the offending bystander didn’t back away quickly enough for the wolf’s tastes, John simply leaned over and bit Sherlock’s ear.
to approach him. The bleeding needed to be stopped. If Dr. Watson did not realize there was a problem with his hand…
Mycroft certainly played the part of human very well. Well enough even to fool someone studying a werewolf. John had to push down a chuckle that threatened. Mycroft was the most improbable werewolf of them all, and that was no doubt the most cunning disguise the wolf had thought of. The human Mycroft was a caricature of a human, too prim, too neat, too unruffled to be real. And that made him believable.
“There are a lot of them,” Sherlock said, stepping closer when John didn't step away. “You have a smaller family.”
Before John had decided he was properly awake, Sherlock stopped his soft monologue and said, “I am sorry, John.”
“Your mate has been less than forthcoming,” Mycroft replied, just primly enough to express his displeasure with John.
Every Watson had their own vice, and John’s had always been his temper. His mother would call this
“If you’d like to make a claim for damages-”
As he came out into the living room, he found that Lestrade was staring at Sherlock with a no-nonsense look on his face. Sherlock had his arms folded on his chest and was looming over Lestrade.
Sherlock did not notice that he went to his stash.
“The consistency of mud in relation to splatter patterns,” Sherlock corrected.
The questions became more leading, then. John knew there had been little information taken from the scene. Obviously the soldiers from the unit that had gone in had seen the carnage, would have debriefed about it, and then there was Murray. John could remember Murray’s frantic care as soon as the patrol had found him, the way the man had been devoted to his extraction and survival…
He headed past the CSO into the building and up the stairs.
“And what about you, then?” Stamford asked. “You joined the army, after all? You said you’d wanted it. The rush of excitement, getting shot at. Well, what happened?”
John barely noticed Mycroft this time, in favor of the warm mate trying to climb into his skin with him. There wasn't enough room on the seats for it, though, so John kissed back in reassurance and didn't give in to his urge to have it off with Sherlock right there in the horribly expensive private plane.
He lay with John on his chest, propped against the headboard with his neck at angle that would undoubtedly cramp by morning, and he read every scrap of information he could on what might cause a waking man to lose touch with the world around him. Drugs, of course, but John was not on any medication either prescribed or recreational. He did not present as having any form of epilepsy, and he certainly was not intoxicated.
The only available diagnosis was one that Sherlock could not confirm. There was nothing specific enough about John’s symptoms aside from the fear and the disconnection to convince Sherlock that
“Useless information clutters the mind,” Sherlock said, “so I delete it.”
“Sh-Sherlo-” John moaned softly, hips chasing Sherlock’s hand. He was starting to lose track of what was up and what was down, which was lovely, really, but he wanted to remember these details later so-
Leading that hook had taken the Colonel a few steps out of his corner. As another of the soldiers moved forward, John edged around behind them. Then, on instinct and moving quicker than he thought he could, John darted forward and hooked both arms around the Colonel’s neck.
“What Mycroft was referring to was not a
“Ah, no,” John replied.
Sherlock huffed, tightening his grip.
John wasn’t sure that he wasn’t correct.
“Well, shit.”
“I have important information to relay,” Mycroft said, sipping his cup of tea. He paused, blinked once, and eyed John intensely before nodding in satisfaction.
No, the
A long pale arm yanked the sheet up over both their heads, and for a moment John’s head felt the wrong size for what’s inside it. Then he shifted and his body reminded him he’d been smacked about by a pipe the day before.
He settled for the hand up, and enjoyed the way Sherlock’s hand found his shoulder.
“Stop.” John opened his eyes and looked up at his mate.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and jerked his head towards the hallway. "Better to get this over with before she comes looking."
Neither did he carve the question into the wall by the front door.
The only trouble was that he hadn’t been able to get to sleep. He’d tossed from one side to the other, trying to get comfortable with the dull ache in the center of him and the returning complaint of his wounded shoulder. Then it was too cold. He had grown accustomed to a long, warm body curled up against him or around him. And the sheets were clean, but they felt terrible on his skin.
Sherlock took a large book from one of the shelves, checking the inside cover. “I hate repeating myself.”
"We really shouldn't dally in Dresden," Mycroft's prim voice interrupted John's attempted resolve. "But a few hours can be arranged."
it was three days, if you counted meals and trips outside as markers for days - after the incident more tests were run on him. Drug screens, organ function, the whole lot.
There was some noise on the stairs that announced the paramedics. Lestrade stepped aside, only to be surprised when this ‘John Watson’ fellow stepped forward to intercept them. “Shallow lacerations, almost entirely to the front of his head, though there was one that went back behind his ear. I didn’t find anything else, but I’m sure he was injected with some sort of a hallucinogen. Came in shouting that he needed help, and was unsteady on his feet. He’s been in and out for about an hour, some pupil response but no respiratory obstruction.”
She gave a nod. “Well, if there’s anything I can do for you, just let me know. I’m Amber.” Then she backed up, pointing to her nametag as though it was part of a script she’d been taught. Once she was out of John’s personal space, she turned and headed off towards the back of the room.
and as you won’t talk about it, and it will solve a problem, the store is this way. Come along, John.”
Both Sherlock's brows quirked up in surprise. "I thought-"
“There are,” Sherlock affirmed, “but it’s not the sort of setup where there’s perfectly functioning international cooperation. We do have some human attributes.”
“It can’t have escaped your notice that we are in a
“Got back? Got back
Sherlock, who had been standing by John, stepped away, though he kept one eye turned towards him for longer than he needed to.
It was dispatch, though.
That took nearly an hour. At some point, Sherlock leaned in the doorway and said, “Clara hasn’t decided if she’s coming or not.”
Sometimes Greg hated the system that he worked in.
And this was right, this was what had been missing, this was where he belonged.
Mycroft tried not to roll his eyes.
“Excuse me?”
Greg flipped a page in his notebook with a sigh.
Watson?”
The leading questions ought to be helping him remember. That was what they were designed to do, John thought, but all they managed was to give John a severe headache.
The uneasy feeling fled with the rush of desire John felt at hearing his name called like that. John spent a considerable time on his knees after that, first attending to Sherlock and then on the bed being thoroughly attended to in return.
“What do you mean?”
“Don’t be tedious,” Sherlock huffed. He smoothed a finger across the back of the phone. “She’s an alcoholic.”
“Of course,” John said, smiling up at his husband. “If you’ll excuse me, Lestrade.” And then he took Sherlock’s waiting elbow, pleased for all sorts of reasons, not the least of which was the rather late hour and for most of the day there had been no time to stop for any sort of nourishment beyond the cup of tea Lestrade had sent for hours ago.
It didn’t mean that she was any less his sister, but he felt it.
“I… suppose it does,” John said, finally finding a reply he liked, “but I can’t exactly watch the way I look at Sherlock. I’m on the inside.”
John likely had not known about wolves before the attack, at least beyond folklore and old wives' tales. He seemed to accept it readily enough, but every mind had its breaking point. For a normal human-
, or some other rot. The trouble was that from where John was inside of himself, those words were on the other side of a desert that rivaled the Sahara. Instead of saying anything, he stared at his hand, waiting for it to start twitching again.
“Your sister is, at best, antagonistic to you. I’m not sure now is a good time for you to be assaulted with her.”
“The same way I solved the last one,” Sherlock replied, almost yawning with boredom at having to repeat himself. “With evidence and observation.”
John wasn’t sure he even knew the way to the correct room, but if he stayed one more minute listening to gentle leading questions or the stories about his mate from the new load of in-laws, he was going to get into a fight with someone.
“A single team could not,” Mycroft corrected. He contemplated the tilt of his brother’s shoulders for a moment and his expression shifted.
"There now," the elder Holmes said, smoothing his temper and his appearance at the same time. "It ought to be just about time for dinner."
Worse, still, he hated the time
“You disappeared for six months, and you
Instead he took the high road.
“Sergeant?”
Elisabeth led the way in through the back door, and their arrival was answered by a warmly bellowed, "Mummy!"
mood would be
for Sherlock, and he disliked thinking there were any so-glaring similarities between his mate and the infuriating man seemingly bent on goading John into some ill-advised act of physical violence.
tea would be better than standing about in the living room arguing with the sergeant about why he hadn’t gone to the A&E until Sherlock came back. In any other mood it might have been a discussion, but John could tell that if he let the sergeant ask, he’d end up shouting his reply. He was still somewhat rational, though. Rational enough to know that, and rational enough to decide that even the piss-mint was better than picking a fight with a cop when they were witnesses in an open murder investigation.
The PCO sighed. “You have to admit this is a bit off.” She gestured to where Milton was lolling on the couch. “You say he’s not badly injured, but-”
John could only shake his head. "Just tests, Sherlock, they didn't... I just... it hurt."
There were murmurs of agreement. John had heard not a few stomachs complaining as the afternoon wore on, but there was not a single word spoken aloud. Sherlock’s father stepped across the library, the other wolves moving out of his way as he came to the couch where John sat. Sherlock stepped over, and John rose to stand at his side.
The man against the mantle had sandy blond hair, a bit of stubble on his cheeks, strong shoulders and a healthy complexion to his skin.
Lestrade’s thoughts skipped at that.
John paused, sipping his tea, and looked at the seating arrangements the two had worked out. Sergeant Lestrade was sitting on the unmarked side of the sofa, Sherlock obviously having inhabited the armchair before he rose to get the mugs, and there were still no other useful chairs in the room. He could go back to the kitchen, but-
“Of course I will,” John said with a sigh. “Look, I really haven’t seen her. And I’m sorry about what Sherlock said, it’s-” he stopped.
Germany, again. Afternoon this time instead of evening though, if that meant anything.
London was, by Sherlock’s telling, a living thing. It was big and roiling and dark and light all at the same time. It was a thousand thousands of heartbeats and rolling mist and rain. It was perfect to Sherlock, a wild thing any wolf ought to love.
didn’t have an answer there. So John stuck with the truth. “It’s… hard to remember.”
"It's not my fault you can't come to a logical conclusion."
“Sherlock-”
I'm already poking at the next installment of this, but I am quite curious as to what you readers think may be coming in the next bit. Leave me a comment with your theories. ^__^
the call as well. “You’ve got shrubbery in your hair.”
Sherlock held up the phone, back turned to John. “Scratch marks,” he said, indicating the area around the charging port. “Never seen a drunk’s phone without these sorts of markings, not the sort of thing common from a steady, sober hand,” he said. “The two of you don’t talk. She was surprised you were coming back, surprised you were injured.”
“I’m taking you to London,” Mycroft announced.
“It’s not a criticism, it’s an observation,” John replied. “You of all people ought to recognize the distinction.”
“Right…” the sergeant said, finally. “Did you find it?”
Sherlock took John’s arm carefully by the wrist and lifted it. He closed his eyes as he brought John’s hand up. For a moment, John thought Sherlock was indulging in some strange sex act he hadn’t come across before, but what he
“Christ,” John muttered. “That’ll be inconvenient.”
Sherlock purred out, leaning down to breathe the word into his ear.
“Ta,” Dr. Watson said, taking the cup from him. It was black, but it was hot.
“You’re a doctor,” Harry said, “you can figure out a mobile if you can figure out the human body.”
Sergeant Lestrade glared at Sherlock.
“Are you serious?” the sergeant asked, voice a pitch higher than before.
Sherlock’s hands stilled and he stared wide-eyed at John, looking confused for a moment. He searched John’s expression, eyes darting cross his face, down his neck for a moment, and then back up. “You mean that,” he said.
I have stated several times in the posting of this work of fiction that I do not recommend following the path of this story in treating people who have problems like John and Sherlock. I do not wish for this story to delegitimize that struggle of those with these issues. I am not a doctor. I cannot give an accurate diagnosis of an individual or prescribe treatment. In this particular work of fiction, John and Sherlock have a bond that offers support of a fantastical nature. If you or someone you love or know is experiencing symptoms of an illness, I recommend seeking professional help. That includes if you feel confused about how to interact with someone who may need assistance.
past, John.”
“Sorry?”
Still, Sherlock had thought to bring coffee.
can’t keep getting me off every time I hurt.”
“Before you begin any ridiculous insinuations,” Sherlock said, sounding a little tired, “ask who that is. I very much doubt I have the patience to stomach you accusing John and,
wasn’t broadcasting.
The empty space left in Sherlock by the whirling feeling morphed into relief, strong enough that it tasted of sunshine.
Once enough detail had been verified, John was taken to a small room in a gray hall with a single cot and no windows.
“So when you said you enjoyed it?” Sherlock called from the living room.
In the morning, John woke in a soft(er) bed in a room full of other beds with sleeping bodies. His forearms hurt, his scarred shoulder killed (his other one wasn’t much better), and if he could think far enough to identify the rest of his body parts then he would probably complain of the entire back of him. Concrete had never been very forgiving, and being slammed into it and then trying to hold a thrashing guerrilla was no way to become reacquainted.
Sherlock turned his attention back to Watson, reaching for his shoulders. Gentle hands rested lightly on the man, but got no response. Greg watched, still feeling like an unwanted voyeur, but Watson did not respond.
In the television corner the Colonel stood, obviously wild eyed even in the dim room, facing off against several of the other soldiers.
And then John stopped time entirely. All the nauseating swirling of emotion from John came to an abrupt halt when Sherlock explained to Lestrade why he would not be leaving the house, and the unending sensation of time passing evaporated.
He caught his breath. The painful awareness of his heartbeat subsided, overtaken with awareness of Sherlock.
Just like that, John got stuck on his wolf wound. The bullet and the bite in his shoulder went round and round in circles chasing each other, half-memories and wild imaginings that he couldn’t confirm or deny. It was disorienting, but that could have had to do with the weakness that bringing the Colonel to the floor had made, or the way his old wounds sang a new song of pain in the aftermath.
the man had said,
“A lesser man would take issue with this,” Sherlock added. He tipped his cheek into one hand and arched a brow.
“You needn’t tense so, John,” Mycroft said, “we’re on the same side, you and I.”
Sherlock, he had experienced no greater pleasure than being in his husband’s at-times alarming presence.
The flat was on an upper floor, so the light from the street came at a very steep angle. John couldn’t see the flashing lights of the police vehicles until he got right up next to Sherlock in the window.
John’s chest threatened to seize up on him. He couldn’t go with Harry. He had to find Sherlock!
“Are you
John stared after him for a long moment, surprised to find himself alone in bed after the prior night’s tirade about ‘just gotten you back’ and ‘not outside’ and all the nudity that had happened between then and now.
John withheld his surprise at Sherlock’s familiarity with the bleeding man, instead moving to stop the bleeding man’s progress into the flat. Sherlock didn’t seem unsettled or in any way upset by it, which was strange given how blatantly territorial his mate could be. But it had to be a real state of disregard, didn’t it? John couldn’t
“Maybe,” John said, turning to regard the tall man who had cleaned and then occupied the entire sofa in a sprawl that looked more cat-like than wolf-like. “What are you filing, exactly?”
John pointed to the ring on the sergeant’s finger. “You. Married. How long?”
“He came barging in here bellowing that you had to help him,” John said, frowning.
"Did you think he didn't actually tell me what was going on?" John asked, all at once feeling annoyed. "Or were you somehow hoping that this was some sort of Stockholm-syndrome derivative? Do you think I'm not actually his mate and you're just... what? Testing me to see if it's true?"
The elder Holmes turned and fixed Aldrich with a stare that stopped the younger wolf in his tracks. "You obviously misunderstood the part where I said I would not hear your arguments," he growled.
“No,” Sherlock said flatly. “I fail to see how
“Will you shut up a minute?”
Sherlock frowned. He tilted his head and sniffed. “Sergeant Lestrade,” he said, making a curious noise low in his throat. “Shall we let him in?”
His spirit seemed entirely absent as he sat like that. Mycroft found it hard to look at him.
At the bottom of the hill, tucked in between the trees, the others were waiting. Elisabeth seemed in charge, as she nosed Connie towards John and Sherlock before rising from her seated position and disappearing into the trees.
Greg took a step back into the hall, checking the blood on the wall before taking out his phone to check the message he’d received. This was the right flat, that just wasn’t Sherlock Holmes.
Once he’d reached the landing, Sherlock asked, “Does it feel better?”
John had yet to attribute exactly what the occasional tone to Sherlock’s voice might be, but he noticed that Sherlock only used that particular tone in conjunction with him. Sherlock’s tone never changed in regards to anyone else unless Sherlock was on a streak of deduction or in a particularly volatile mood. Puzzling out that change of tone was one of the many things about his husband that John had set aside in deference to the case. The work they were doing was important, and things were improving between them as they grew accustomed to one another. There would be time to figure out the particulars, John had been telling himself firmly, later.
By the time they neared German airspace, John wasn't so willing to be patient. Sherlock had been at his neck, and the course of his inspection had half peeled John out of the parka to get the shirt open enough to be sure of the 'rightness' of John's scent. Once he was satisfied, he'd taken to laving attention on his shoulder. Mycroft had taken out a laptop to avoid them in pointed disapproval, but eventually removed himself to another section of the cabin. It wasn't coincidence that it was just after Sherlock had given up the pretense of just kissing and had taken to palming John through the stolen fatigues. Any reunion between the brothers would have to wait until later, obviously.
“Huh.”
It was only when John shied away from the blind inspection of his back that Sherlock’s eyes snapped open again, staring at him accusingly.
knocked John out quite thoroughly after the day he had, with barely enough energy to murmur to Sherlock, “Kettle,” before the darkness of sleep took him.
"No, no. I think they thought they'd brought me a snack," Sherlock concluded.
“No,” Sherlock replied, straightening up a little. “I told him he could keep chasing his tail looking for leads here, so long as he did it without approaching you.”
Between the two of them it didn’t take much, even with the mug of coffee that John kept pausing to take grateful swallows of. Once she was dressed, Sherlock hefted her in his arms.
“You can’t keep giving me an orgasm every time I’m in pain,” John groaned.
Sherlock kept silent as they headed over, letting John have his hand back.
Sherlock grabbed the sink edges to keep himself upright.
after all, not well known for surrendering in the face of adversity or social niceties. John had dogged a bullet, that was all, nothing much to celebrate. And yet he felt giddy with release. The absence of the ache made John dizzy, and his arm was still trembling. He gripped Sherlock tighter against the sensation. "I don't want to talk about Harry. Just shut up and take me home."
What he could remember after that was the teeth.
That didn’t stop John from going to the door, even though he knew it had to be someone for Sherlock. No one knew this was John’s address.
“You’re brilliant,” John said softly, nodding to the thermos.
Harry would be halfway to calling him a sour tit about now.
“That’s it-” she started.
