“Steve, I…I don’t wanna do this at all if I only get to have you for a few days. If you’re just gonna go back to him like nothing at all ever happened…I’m tellin’ you right now, I won’t be able to handle that.”
Steve pads across the small dressing room and then into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him with a small sigh. Looking down at the bed sheet he has clutched around his waist, he sheepishly realizes that he must’ve looked ridiculous, waddling through the hotel room with this mass of fabric gathered around his legs, perfectly good robe still in his hands.
“Need your come inside me.”  Bucky finally reaches down, using his metal hand to strip his own cock at a punishing pace.  Steve makes a small noise, one that Tony can’t translate. “Fill me up, then I’ll ride your face. Lick me out and we can do it all again.”
So lithe and breakable, his body all sharp angles and lines. Everything about him somehow seems longer, like his neck and his arms and his legs, his fingers and feet, even though he’s nearly a foot shorter. It’s that there’s less of him
Steve startles as Bucky snorts beside him, shaking his head at the sight below. Steve hadn’t realized he came outside. Bucky takes a drag from his cigarette and taps the ash in Tony’s direction, frowning.
“Sexuality pack…” Tony trails off, utterly bewildered, and starts walking again.  “I don’t even want to know.  No, strike that, yes I do.  There were
The clerk, looking both bored and annoyed, rings up his items slowly and shoves them into a plastic bag.  If Steve were here, he’d be telling Tony to hang up the phone and be polite.  Tony manages an apologetic smile and a mouthed “I’m sorry,” that he really doesn’t mean.  The clerk levels him with a blank stare and waits for him to slide his card.
Any sense of fear or trepidation about crossing this line with his best friend is entirely gone. It’s replaced by a feverish, desperate single-minded purpose. Steve lets himself give into it, feeling safe in a way he never has with anyone except Tony.
“She meant her and Bucky.” Steve eyes Pepper as her anger seems to dissipate into confusion and then relief.  “Wait, did you think…?”  He thinks about the way Pepper had been eyeing Natasha’s attire and it makes sense.  “Gosh no, Natasha and
“We’ll put them up next to that nude portrait you’re doing of me.”  Tony actually slaps his butt as he walks by.  Steve freezes and feels his face heat, both because of the gesture and Tony’s words.
It’s a pointed action, Steve’s dedication to watching the film clearly a deliberate move on his part to keep Tony at a distance. There will be no shared laughter tonight, nor any whispered judgements or witty comments. Even during the climatic shootout, Steve reacts flatly, giving nothing away.
While Steve’s had to handle more than his fair share of publicity, his tour as Captain America didn’t prepare him for this kind of event.  Kissing babies and snapping photos isn’t the same as endless small talk with folks angling for things from him he never fully comprehends.  People may consider him a popular figure now, but that doesn’t undo a lifetime of being little more than wallpaper, ignored save when he was made fun of, brutalized, bullied.
“Pepper, I love you dearly, but can we save this scolding for a later time? Perhaps for when I do more than walk a young lady to her car?”
“Just forget it. I have to go.” Steve turns on his heel and walks out. He even moves the way he used to, shoulders hunched and his chin down like he wants to disappear completely. Stark watches him go, gaze concerned but calculating. He knows enough to let Steve leave without interference, and the lack of his usually incessant chatter says more than any words ever could.
“Be right back, stay there a sec,” Tony holds up a finger and then leaves the room quickly. He returns a moment later with one of the hotel’s fluffy white robes in hand. The robe Tony is wearing is maroon and black silk, so he clearly must have brought it from home.
“I have had better days,” Tony admits without actually telling the truth. “But I’ll be fine.” Before Pepper offers more observations regarding his awful appearance, Tony presses on. “I’d like you to set up a meeting with Steve Rogers. You can do that, right? You said you had his information, or something?”
As he saunters forward, Loki runs a hand down the lapel of his deep forest green jacket, the fabric clearly lush and expensive.
“How about we make a trade. I’ll tell you anything you want if you just tell me one thing…and answer me honestly.”
“Doesn’t mean it should be.” He reaches out and hits a button on the laptop and the screen goes black, the sound cuts off. “He’s happy.”
“Don’t we need music?”  Steve asks, hoping for an out, but he should’ve known that in today’s day and age, finding music at any given point in time is a weak challenge.
Laughter wafts from the apartment and Steve tilts his head toward the window.  He can hear them all talking, their chatter warm and inviting.
Steve glances past them toward the end of his street, eyeing the Manhattan skyline across the East River.  He can’t see Stark Tower from his place in Vinegar Hill, and for that he has to admit he’s glad.  Between Brooklyn’s own jigsaw of tenements, apartment towers and industrial complexes cutting sharp into the sky, all he can catch is a glimpse of the Empire State Building.  For a brief moment he can stand on his old street full of run-down three story homes and pretend it’s still the same city he once knew.
The men’s rest room is a blessed relief – silent and empty. All he can hear is the distant sounds of the film reverberating through the wall and echoing through the air vents. No one appears to be inside the wooden stalls, all their doors swung partially open. He’s surprised there is no bathroom attendant, but these days that’s not so odd.
“Candles!”  Tony tromps back into the kitchen loudly shaking a box of tea lights in each hand.  He’s beaming, inordinately pleased over procuring something he hadn’t wanted to go and get in the first place.  “Let’s go light up that beautiful carving of yours, share that handsome mug with the rest of the world.”
“’This douchebag’ is Iron Man,” he informs Bucky, hoping the man is at least smart enough to understand that Tony’s ability to kick ass ultimately far outstrips his.  “And I’m Steve’s best friend.”
“You didn’t, I was just…” Steve trails off.  He’s quiet as he pulls from Tony’s grasp, turning off the faucet and backing away.  He cradles his hand against his stomach briefly but then drops it down to his side, droplets of water shaking to the marble tile.  “It’s no big deal.  It’ll heal by sun up.”
“Eh, it’s fine.  Kinda peaceful out here at night,” Tony shrugs, drops the shivering act.  “Stars are beautiful and all that.”
His distraction must be painfully obvious.  Anyone giving him half a moment’s notice would have to conclude that he’s either enamored of or obsessed with Tony Stark, or both.
“Didn’t want to touch anything, honestly, was afraid I might break something important.  Punching bag seemed the safest bet.”
Bucky scowls at her retreating back and swipes at the remains of the coffee on the counter. He turns to go to the sink to wring out the towel, and jostles the mug that Natasha left behind. He sends it spinning to the floor.
“Everybody bows down to something, sweetheart,” Jan retorts, tilting her head to the side to let out a long exhale of smoke. "Even if you don't pray to the almighty dollar."
Every cell in his body sparks toward Steve’s, and Tony swears there’s strain from resisting his pull, like it’s a physical act, like it actually aches
calls are a different story, we – Oh Holy Mother of God!”  Bucky stops in his tracks, covering his eyes and turning away.  “I did not see that, I saw nothing!”  He doesn’t leave though, planting his feet and remaining with his back to them and his hand over his face.  “The kitchen, Steve?  I
“Fucking fuck.  Where are the stairs?” He demands.  Tony doesn’t say anything as he points toward the other exit.  Bucky mutters his whole way across the room.  “I have no idea what he sees in you.  Natasha warned me – Always been hopeless, getting his heart crushed – damned fool, I don’t even-”
“Me?  No, I just…haven’t seen you at all since you got back.  Thought I’d check in, see how you were doing.  I am your host, after all.  Or your landlord.  Well, you guys don’t pay rent, so not your landlord.  Your patron?  I like the sound of that.  Very Renaissance chic.”
But when he enters the secure briefing room and not a single soul will meet his eyes, Steve realizes this emergency meeting may not be due to new threat to the populace but may in fact regard something directly pertaining to him.  Even Thor is uncharacteristically solemn, his blonde head bowed.
Steve stares at Tony in the silence that follows, at a loss.  Tony usually talks incessantly so when he stops, it stalls everything.
“You have to go, you have to go.” Tony drops his underwear back to the ground and backs out of the doorway. He disappears into the dressing room.
is happening up here?”  Natasha gestures around Thor’s face, and the guy only smiles wider.  His brown plaid shirt strains across his chest as he throws his arms wide and then once again brings his heavy hands down on Steve and Clint’s shoulders.
“It certainly feels nice, I've never owned anything like it –” Jan's light laugh interrupts him. She comes back to his side, tugging him down off the stool.
“Yes, you do.” Jan replies knowingly, although Steve's not so sure what it is she thinks she knows. He decides it's better not to ask.
“Go on then, go save the world,” she says.  Tony snaps the faceplate down.  He walks clear of the garage and yanks Steve closer; holding him like Superman would Lois Lane.
“Good,” Bucky says, but shifts it out of the way as he takes a seat along the edge of the couch, fitting himself along Steve’s side. “I got somethin’ for ya.”
“You want some help with this?  I am a technological wizard, after all, I could get you up and running in no time flat.”
“Yep, totally a dream.”  Tony gasps against Steve’s lips as he backs him through the bedroom doorway.
the job, not because they don’t,” Tony remarks with a casual air. Steve pauses in searching for his shirt, lifting his head to look at Tony to see if he’s serious or joking. But Tony is looking down, indifferently inspecting his manicured nails.
“Don’t you like it?” Tony asks even though he knows that’s not the problem.  Bucky shifts beside him uncomfortably as Steve stammers, searching for words.
He turns back to answer Natasha, his thoughts already two miles away, and finds nothing but his own reflection in the heavily tinted window of the now closed car door.  The Lincoln pulls into traffic smoothly but quickly, leaving Steve alone on the sidewalk.
“Anyone else, I would’ve expected that, but you…” Tony sounds disappointed and Steve rolls his eyes, slaps his hand against the water.  The resultant splash hits Tony directly in the face, just as he intended.
It doesn’t bewilder Steve, as he knows American movies were one of the things barred from Natasha in her difficult childhood.  Afraid of Western indoctrination, the Red Room had explicitly prohibited almost all forms of imported entertainment; watching American movies feels like some kind of freedom to Nat, rebellious daring fun she’d never even attempted as a teen.
“Still. Tony Stark is a brave man. Braver than me.” Bucky bites his bottom lip, his gaze flicking downward.
Steve’s thighs are trembling and he seems to sway forward; for a moment, Tony thinks Steve’s going to sink down to the floor beside him. But Steve steadies himself, taking his hands from where they’d fallen to grab Tony’s shoulders, and puts them back against the door. Tony stands, his own knees slightly stiff from kneeling. He tucks himself between Steve’s outstretched arms and then takes him by both sides of his collar.
Natasha stares at him for a long moment, green eyes cool and appraising. Her lips settle into a tight frown.
Steve’s gaze snaps toward Bucky and he finds his friend staring at him earnestly, blue eyes studying him.  Bucky abandons sarcasm and embraces sincerity even less than Tony, so Steve’s caught well off-guard.
There is a scar on the back of his neck, just below his hairline, from a pair of scissors. He can feel the raised flesh under the pads of his fingers. The doctor noted that his younger sister, at the age of four, had attempted to give him a haircut and stitches were the result.
“I don’t think even Queens will have us now,” Steve breaks the silence, his voice used, throat raw.  Tony lifts his head, rests his chin on Steve’s shoulder to look at him inquisitively.
The asset has no new scars, apart from the rather obvious loss of his left arm. He assumes he has been injured in years since. It seems rather unlikely that he hasn’t.
“They're wrapping up.” Tony shrugs, then circles back from the bar to reclaim his seat on the chaise. He stretches out lazily and kicks up his slippered feet, feigning indifference to the topic at hand. “I have good people on it, people I trust. Pepper's at the helm.”
He spends four days on Rogers’ tail before he’s pulled back in to Pierce.  Four days is evidently longer than he usually needs to get a job done.
When he sees Steve’s glassy eyes regain their focus, Tony dips his head and licks Steve’s release from his skin. The tang of it coats his tongue. Steve’s hands tangle in his hair loosely, his body softly urging up to meet Tony’s searching mouth.
“I really don’t, Tony,” Steve sighs this time, but then leans back in his chair. He makes a gesture at the screen. “So was that shot of me an outtake from when I find her in my office, back at the start?”
“Not from me,” Tony interrupts, seeing a chance to get things back into their accepted groove.  “I don’t say good things about anyone.  As policy.”
“Didn’t one of those guys get mauled?”  Steve asks, and off Tony’s look of surprise, continues.  “Thor brought it up at breakfast the day he came back.  He ‘wished to see the mighty sparkling warriors who tame the white beasts on a vast plane of glittering stars’.  Apparently he’s been shoring up his Midgardian history by reading old travel magazines Miss Lewis had at Dr. Foster’s lab.”
“Tony wanted to bring everything from your place over, but Tasha told him not to jump the gun.”  Clint leans against the kitchen counter, watching Steve take it all in.  “But you should have everything you need to get by for now.  Y’know, soap and underwear and all the boring day-to-day stuff.  Pepper set you up before she left.”
“And besides, Steve, this film would be good for you. You could make some real money, instead of that pittance you make in the set department, and you’ll get some valuable exposure.”
He must fall asleep because the next thing he knows, he’s waking with a start, ripped from another bad dream where Bucky is falling, falling, falling and he’s helpless to stop it.  The digital clock shows four hours have passed; it’s dark outside.  At first he’s a little confused as to where he is, but as soon as he sits up and looks out the huge plate glass window over the Vegas Strip, it all rushes back.  His heartbeat starts to even out.
. By the time they walked back into camp, Bucky knew it was never going to be the same. He'd missed his chance.
“I’m just getting some water for Clint and Natasha,” Steve explains too hurriedly, gesturing toward the living room.  He frowns, wondering why he sounds and feels so guilty for being in Tony’s kitchen right now.  He’s not doing anything wrong.  “We were…”
.”  Tony mistakes his intent gaze as judgment for his lack of manners.  “I’m sorry, I’m a man; men burp.”
Tony doesn’t reply so Steve gets back into fighter’s stance and puts his fists up in proper cover.  He beckons Natasha forward and she obliges him, slipping close and trying to land a hit to his midsection before attempting to use her mind numbing flexibility to hook kick him around the neck.  Luckily he sees it coming and uses her own momentum to send her crashing to the floor.
“I’d call him a greedy bastard but who am I kidding, I would have done the same,” Tony comments. He gingerly touches Steve’s abused entrance. He’s staring,
like a full floor art studio.”  Pepper replies coolly and a fresh wave of frustration comes over him.
“So either someone’s watching the back door and kicking us out, or the power’s intermittent.  Neither’s good.  Get changed.”  He’s ready except for the face plate, which he has flipped up as he crosses back to the computer, glancing at the screen and seeing what it’s doing.
the absolute best stunt plane in the business. The constant speed propeller alone had changed the whole game, and that had only been the first of Tony’s advancements.
Steve forces a tight smile.  Over Tony’s shoulder, he can see Bucky listening, reacting, and he’s sure his friend saw everything as plain as day all over his face.  Being friends for their entire lives means he can’t hide much if Bucky’s paying attention.
“He might’ve mentioned it,” Steve mumbles distractedly as he goes back to skimming the three paragraphs, more of it seeming like idle gossip about a rich playboy with too much time on his hands than actual news.  Since the war ended, it’s like these reporters have forgotten what’s worthy of ink. “What I
“If I were selfless, I would’ve broken up with Steve and told him to be with you,” Tony states matter-of-factly. “But this way no one has to lose.”
“Don’t think I haven’t noticed you dodging my question twice already, by the way,” Tony picks up the abandoned thread, gesturing at him with a piece of shrimp in hand. “Is there a reason you won’t talk about Brooklyn?”
It’s a steady, comforting pressure against his palm, tight around his fingers.  Sometimes the grip loosens or shifts, but it never ceases.
“And their lovely compatriots,” Darcy adds, flipping her long wavy hair over her shoulder.  “We have a secret handshake now.”
“Just…don’t.” He tries to back up some more and suddenly finds nothing but air beneath his feet.  And then he’s falling.
“You sure?” Tony presses, even though he’s not entirely sure why he’s doing it. He’s desperate to keep talking. “I make a mean grilled cheese.” He takes a long sip of his drink and he doesn’t think he imagines the way that Steve’s eyes catch on his lips on the edge of the glass or the way Steve’s gaze drops downward to his throat as he swallows.
Steve loses his footing and steps forward to adjust, and Tony automatically reaches out to steady him.  A hand on his muscled thigh, another inadvertently grabbing his ass, and Tony thanks whatever powers that be that he gets this man all to himself.  His hands linger, happily giving Steve a squeeze.
“He didn’t say much else, wasn’t that big of a talker.”  Steve has to snort at that comment, and Bucky smiles a little.  “Take it that’s not the norm then.”
“I’m also the one who’s gonna save our asses.”  Tony announces, already flying toward the undulating light.  “I’ve calculated a weakness in the energy field.  If I hit the barrier at high velocity directly at the center of the dome, I should be able to penetrate it and perhaps disable it.  Whatever’s there is allowing these creeps to complete the circuit and teleport down.”
Bucky is trying to be gentle, but everything about the way he’s moving speaks to a man very cautiously holding back. His hands are in Steve’s hair, but they’re careful not to tug too hard. Bucky urges his hips upward to push into Steve’s willing mouth, but he’s slow about it, and not too deep. Steve briefly considers urging Bucky to let loose, because he knows he can take it, but then he thinks maybe that’s better left for a later time.
Steve shrugs and Tony thinks he seems small for a man so large.  But then Steve sits up a bit straighter, squaring his shoulders and taking a deep breath.
“Well, I sure as hell need one, so come on in while I mix something up.” Tony blurts and turns away from Steve’s impassive face.
He looks back at Tony as Tony gently closes the screen door behind him, not wanting it to bang shut, and then pushes the front door closed as well. The sound of the latch catching clicks loudly in the quiet room.
“You seemed dead to the world – usually I can’t even roll over without waking you up, but those sinfully pretty eyelashes of yours didn’t so much as flutter when I came in here.” Steve can hear the teasing smile in Tony’s voice and Steve tries to keep the corner of his mouth from curling into a smile of his own. “So, I figured you must need the rest.” Tony pauses, but it seems like he has something more to say.
“A motorcycle?” Tony’s eyebrow lifts like he’s pleasantly surprised. “I wouldn’t have guessed. What’s the make and model?”
“I’ve been cleared for release, finally fit to live outside direct SHIELD supervision.  I was told there was a place for me here whenever I was ready.”   His gaze flicks toward Tony.  Tony had said that weeks ago; he’d honestly figured Barnes wasn’t going to take him up on it by this point.  He should stop trying to think he can figure out spies.
.”  He draws his chair back, perhaps a bit closer than it was originally.  Steve rolls his eyes again but his mouth twitches like he’s fighting a smile.  “Seriously though, where are the Three Musketeers?”
“Here you are, sirs. If you just follow the corridor for about one hundred-twenty paces, this will lead you directly to the lower level of the Chateau. The elevator can take you directly to your floor. I will arrange for your personal items from the coat room to be messengered to the hotel to await you at the front desk, at your convenience, of course.”
“That sounds like government speak for a huge cock-up,” he grumbles, causing Rhodey to sigh heavy over the line.
Steve withdraws from Tony, taking a few steps down the row toward the exit. He hesitates slightly at the aisle, turning back as if he’s going to say something. Tony bites back the words on the tip of his tongue, forcing himself to stay silent until Steve speaks his piece. In the end, though, Steve only shakes his head and walks out.
“If I need something I’ll find it myself, thanks,” Steve replies.  That came out harsher than he meant it to, but he finds he doesn’t want to temper it with an apology.  Tony shrugs it off.
“Speaking of reputations…” Steve starts, his and Pepper’s conversation still at the forefront of his mind.  Tony looks at him expectantly.
,” Bucky clambers up, pulling Steve to him. Steve tries to force his heart back down from this throat as Bucky’s hands cradle his face, tilting his head up toward his own. The expression Steve finds there is earnest and slightly worried. “That’s not what I…I only meant we need to be realistic.”
“Where are we going, anyway?”  Bucky asks as they pile into the subway car.  It’s crowded, but not too crowded; it doesn’t stop Tony from pressing every inch of his body along Steve’s, hands fisting just below the stand collar of Steve’s unzipped grey moto jacket rather than grabbing one of the overhead handrails.
“Steve,” she says quietly.  It takes him a moment but he manages to look at her.  She seems calm but he can see it in her eyes.  Panic, fear, sadness.  She’s as distraught as he feels.  He doesn’t understand why.
. Like I said, this is our private business.” Steve would be mortified right now if he knew Pepper was asking about this, about Steve possibly pursuing something with Bucky while also still being with Tony.
As Bruce makes nice with the new kid, Natasha grips Tony’s elbow a little too firmly and pulls him aside.
Steve’s smile falls, and he averts his gaze, suddenly very interested in picking at a piece of lint on one of the blankets pulled up over his small body.
“You can tell this numnut that I already have a crew. I work with Luis, Dave, and Kurt.” He counts them off on his fingers. “Those are my guys, my bros, mi compadres. We’re a team - We’re the ’27 Yankees over here, and do you mess with the ’27 Yankees? No, you don’t.”
Tony’s slight smirk shows that he already knew that full well. He picks up his wine and takes a sip, lips lingering on the edge of the glass and his fingers delicately cradling its curve.
“It’s not that. The fact is, the source of tension between me and Bucky has always been jealousy over you. We’ve never let ourselves like each other. If we take that out of the equation, if we both get to love you the way we want…who knows?”
Well, the first hurdle of how to awkwardly bring this up with Bucky has already been toppled over with the grace of a herd of stampeding elephants. His heart sinks a little, because even if his own plan hadn’t been so clear, it definitely hadn’t been this.
“Well I guess I could head to the lab, see what Bruce is up to.”  He reaches for the keypad to direct the elevator elsewhere but Happy coughs a little, making him stop.
So Steve fixes one more plate, Jan pours another glass of wine, and they set a fourth place for dinner.
“I do, I hate magic.  His tricks are transparent, his illusions a joke, and forgetting L entirely, we all know that ‘magic’ is just a lame way of talking about stuff that science hasn’t explained yet.”
“I mean, you keep saying it won’t work ’cause of the whole race thing, but come on – she was a damned WASP, you really think she’d back down from the challenge? Pretty sure she’d tell society at large to screw off if only you asked her to.”
He has a gash above his eyebrow that hasn’t quite healed and his blonde hair is for once a mess, like he ran his fingers through it once and gave up.  There’s also a surprising amount of scruff on Steve’s face, as there hadn’t been a razor handy when they stopped at a SHIELD safe house to haphazardly clean themselves up and stitch themselves back together before heading home.  Steve’s dark blue Under Armour clings to his chest and despite days without a proper meal, his body still looks strong and perfect.
“You shoulda woke me up.”  Steve feels a little embarrassed.  He had figured Tony would go about his business as usual; he hadn’t meant to be a drag on Tony’s fun.  “You’ve just been sitting here?”
actually grateful. Tony has been by Steve’s side nearly every moment, and Bucky’s never seen Steve relent so easily to being taken care of. He’s not scared to be vulnerable with Tony.
his first official public appearance, all he’d asked in return was some version of Camilla to take home to Tony.
“Bucky…hey…” Steve murmurs, rubbing his eyes. His voice is wrecked and he sounds dog tired. He coughs lightly, and then focuses his weary gaze on Bucky. “You sound like my ma.”
of us.  Don’t you ever think you’re alone in this or that anything’s only about you.  How can you even
again."  Steve grins at Tony's warning; since their first viewing was accompanied by Thor expressing ever-increasing confusion over his inability to understand the Swedish Chef despite his gift of AllSpeak, a re-watch without the demigod’s presence had been required.
“It’s all the information regarding Natasha’s extraction from the Red Room.  I don’t know how much use it will actually be seeing as how the cases are quite different and years apart, but an agent sent it over anyway.”
was telling you how my life has been irrevocably altered over the past month in ways both soul-crushing and mind-bending.  And you, well, you were responding to my heartfelt tale by re-enacting a commercial for Ambien.”  Bruce opens his mouth to protest but Tony steamrolls over him, affecting a surprised but contemplative air as he continues.  “You know, I’ve never been accused of being
“You should just go talk to him.  You invited him here, after all.”  And there Bruce goes again.  Tony’s gonna have to figure out if there’s some facial tic that gives him away.  He’ll have to think about Steve in front a mirror or something and see exactly what’s going on up there.
“I’ve been worse.”  Tony states, thinking of the days of binge drinking and weekend long bacchanals, the depths of the palladium debacle, the one thousand and one times he’d pulled all-nighters on his latest and greatest idea.  But Pepper shakes her head.
“Hardly seems worth the trouble.  Not as if I’m going to turn the dial and hear what I used to hear.” Steve opens up the white Frigidaire, his tone as flat as Tony’s ever heard it.  The fridge is mostly empty but Steve bends down to look as if he needs to sort through stocked shelves.  As Steve buys time for whatever reason, Tony takes a moment to consider the room.
“Tony!” Jan exclaims, practically throwing herself down the staircase toward the man waiting below. Steve scrambles for her but she’s pitching out of his reach.
“Honey, I don’t know how this town hasn’t eaten a sweet thing like you alive.” She reaches up and pinches his cheek. “You’re unreal, like a unicorn or Rita Hayworth’s hair.” Steve’s furrowed brow gives away his momentary confusion, and Janet winks at him. “What, you thought that girl was a real red head?” She pats his arm, her peal of laughter tinkling like a bell.
“Hey, did you actually need me for something?”  He asks as they fall into step beside one another.  Tony quirks an eyebrow at him.
“She talked me through many an asthma attack.  Believe me when I say I know how you feel.  How are you doing?  Do you feel better?”
“I didn’t want to do this unless I knew you were really all right with it.” Bucky sounds lighter now, slightly relieved. “I don’t know whether to say thank you or tell you that you’re being a selfless fool.”
He sinks back into the cushions and runs his hand over the armrest, feeling the soft fabric under his fingers.
“Here.”  Bucky hands him a scotch and soda and takes a long drink of his own.  He keeps his eyes carefully trained on Tony the whole time.  “I knew your dad, y’know.  Don’t think I told you that.”
Yes, Steve has alerts established, pieces in place. He ostensibly looks into leads. He no longer hops onto a plane the second he hears rumors of the Winter Soldier. He sends Sam, or sends another operative, or sends no one at all.
Bucky throws his head back, letting out a grunt of pleasure each time he grinds down against Steve’s face, Steve’s tongue. Tony doesn’t know how Steve is breathing, but they must have some system, some experience at this, because Bucky doesn’t back off for even a moment.
Tony wanted to sign. Again with the unattractive dirty talk. Steve thrusted wildly and jostled him with each thrust. If he knew how to halfway work that thing he could be decent, but apparently that was asking for too much.
It really didn’t take long to install and aquarium in the penthouse. It was a basic aquarium with some oceanic vegetation and some fish. Tony waved at him through the class as he watched Winghead swim by.
A petite brunette man walked into the room with a clip board. “ Your majesty, I am sorry about the wait, but we can fill out some paperwork while the Slave Master is making his way over.”
Steve didn’t think anything of it; Tony had more experience then him. He Placed his hands under Tony’s arms and lifted him up. Tony broke away from the kiss and looked at Steve with a confused expression on his face and a well groomed eyebrow lifted.
"Admittedly, I’m not usually in the habit of worrying if people like me, but I certainly don’t want your only family to despise me.” Steve bites his lip, brow furrowing in consternation. He seems to be puzzling something out. “Does he know? About your…preferences?”
“I’m not concerned with being a fashion plate, Tony.  It’s just…” He stretches the fabric of the shirt, dismayed.  “It’s just that they’re a little…small.”
“Ah ah ah, read the article again, Rogers. Mr. Independent Producer still needs the studios, and guess which one he’s partnering with first?”
“Barnes?” Tony stares at the man sitting at the island, and Bucky stares back.  It’s a long moment before anyone acts, the room suddenly fraught with tension.
“You manage so well,” Jan observes, and Steve braces himself for Bucky’s reaction, not sure what to expect. Most folks don’t go ahead and comment on his injury like that, so bluntly and openly. Bucky, to his credit, winks at her and pours her a glass of wine.
Tony traces lines and patterns over Steve’s warm skin, his touch light, and considers giving voice to the worry that’s still niggling the back of his mind. He lets silence reign between them for a few minutes before he breaks it.
He’s feeling pretty good about his decision to bring Steve here until they get inside and the crush of the crowd closes in on him.  He’s avoided places like this – most places like
?” Steve scoffs. “They're my closest friends – I wanted their opinion.” Tony still stares at him as if he'd admitted to murder. “This was months ago now. And even if they wanted to, why would they ever steal from
a blind date if you saw his picture. His picture is what prompted this whole evening, if you recall.”
“That’s how it is.” Sam replies. “And not to discourage you further from my sterling company, but is there any reason you’re over here and not over there?” He jerks his head over his shoulder toward their friends’ table. “
They’d spent the evening at Citifield watching the Mets get solidly beaten, but Steve could hardly bring himself to care.  It’s the first ball game he’s been to since he’s been back and he’s relieved to discover there’s still something inherently timeless about the game.  The new stadium replaced the old one recently, which makes Steve laugh, as the “old” one, Shea Stadium, hadn’t even been built until nearly two decades after he went under.
He takes a deep breath, winter sharp in his nose, and focuses back out onto the city skyline. It’s snowing, lightly. He wraps his hands around the railing, freezing cold underneath his right palm. He feels nothing but the weight of solid metal underneath his left.
“And since you haven’t taken your eyes off of him all night long, I’d venture to say you’re both on the same page, just in different editions.”
Tony considers getting back on the elevator, because it’s not too late to turn back, but he manages to stay still.  He doesn’t know if he deserves this, doesn’t know if he’ll be able to keep it, but if he can be with Steve even once he has to do it.  He can’t go on imagining what it could be if only he
“You want to complain about too much information – my bedroom’s next to Tony’s.  Imagine what I have to put up with.” Clint whines at Sam and Steve’s face colors, blushing furiously.  He didn’t know he and Tony could be
“You’re back rather soon.”  Tony’s gaze darts past her, landing squarely on Steve.  Steve brushes some chalk and dust from his borrowed sweats, adjusts his rumpled t-shirt.  He has to remind himself that Tony’s not here for inspection and it shouldn’t matter if he’s a mess.
The Dakota rises in the distance on the far side of the park, its eclectic mix of architectural styles still the same after all these years.  He remembers its taller yet far less ornate neighbor, the Majestic, being built. He must’ve been around twelve or thirteen, he thinks; things were still being built then, before folks realized how long the depression was going to hang on.
Steve doesn’t look back as he crosses to the car, for once moving to get into the back seat, opening the door himself.
What he didn’t understand was the invitation itself, as he’s been told regularly that his sense of fashion is deplorable.  Tony explained that Pepper wanted to upgrade her arm candy – whatever that means – but Steve suspects it’s because Pepper picked up on Steve’s overall malaise whenever she showed up at the mansion, looking more beautiful than a movie star, and whisked Tony away for hours on end.
“Eh, I’ll just call his manager. Charles is the best at soothing his bruised ego, it’s better to leave it to him.” Steve opens his mouth to protest halfheartedly; every minute of one of Erik’s tantrums means more of Tony’s money swirling down the drain, not to mention an increasingly aggravated cast and crew. Yet the prospect of a brief respite with Tony alone is appealing enough for him to falter in his sense of propriety and duty.
“We’re not big on the Starks,” Bucky provides, crossing the room to Thor’s bar to fix himself another drink.
“I’m sure Fury will track you down if you’re needed,” Tony finally says, not bothering to look up from the treadmill’s screen.
“It's not rotten,” Tony says, rubbing his chin as he turns back toward Steve. “But that end scene between you and Wanda isn't working.”
Tony turns to go in the opposite direction, not wanting to be caught out and sent back to set with a scolding, when the lightning bolt of recognition hits him.
“Yeah.  Though we might move the shave up to priority one.  You with facial hair is freaking me out.”  He surprises himself by reaching across the table again and touching the side of Steve’s bearded face.  Steve’s smile falters just a little and Tony draws his hand back quickly, flapping it in front of his own face as he crinkles his nose.
Tonight’s addition to the gallery is the result of an overzealous rookie grabbing a real piece of wood rather than pre-scored corkboard to hit Clint clear across his face. Steve had heard the story from clear across the room.
the wall.” Tony says, watching Rhodey squirm. He may be in a wretched mood, but he’s not above torturing his best friend with more details than he ever did and ever would ask for. Rhodey had been the one to pressure him to talk about this, so it really is his just desserts.
Even though he's looking down at the city now, he feels dwarfed by its size and power once again.  Just another someone lost in a city full of everyone.
Like fuck he would need a toolbox though.  Nothing he built would fall apart like Steve’s crappy cycle.
“You’re a good guy, Steve.”  Clint bumps his shoulder and offers his free hand to help Steve up from the couch.  Steve doesn’t really need any assistance but he takes Clint’s hand anyway, takes the coffee too.
But maybe sooner wouldn’t have been easy.  It might have been a mess.  Now is perfect, so he’ll take it.
“Yeah…said Rogers needed her more.”  The tone of Rhodey’s voice tells Tony that his friend clearly has no idea why Tony finds this so strange.
“I never doubted that, Stark.” It’s the truth. Whatever he may think about Tony Stark, he really hasn't doubted the man’s feelings for Steve, not for a second. Even though it would have been so much easier, so much
.” Tony crumples up the handkerchief and tosses it onto his desk, the trash too far away at the moment. Dejectedly, he looks down at his lap. The sight of his softening dick just lying there, and knowing he just impetuously jacked off like a fifteen year old kid who couldn’t help himself, makes him sigh with embarrassment.
“If kismet’s another word for rampant destruction by the Chitauri, then sure.”  Steve pulls away from the tiny window to re-claim his seat.  He leans his head back against the wall, neck arching in an appealing way that gives Tony a few not so innocent thoughts.
“Is it HYDRA?”  It’s the only thing he can think of that would concern him above the rest of the team, the only thing he knows more about than anyone present.  Fury frowns, lifting a page of the file sitting in front of him on the table.
They’re kissing, and kissing, and kissing, and somewhere in between all that there’s fumbling with buttons and zippers and clasps, elastic bands snapped and suspenders unlatched. It’s a rather undignified scrambling, but Steve couldn’t care less because it all means that Tony finally gets a hand around both of their cocks, pushing their bare flesh together as he strokes.
Tony moves past a bank of trees and out onto another plaza.  Steve recognizes the place immediately, the Bethesda Fountain and its Angel of the Waters having been here nearly as long as the park itself.  His mother used to tell him how she symbolized the bringing of pure water to the city, ending the prevalence of cholera epidemics.
“Have to work, yeah, yeah…” Bucky speaks over him, sounding tired and bored. He grabs his coat from where he’d carelessly tossed it over the piano bench and throws it over his shoulder. “One of these days, Steve, I’m gonna catch you having fun.”
, and without his usual broad width and packed muscle, he’s lanky in a way he never has been while Tony had known him.
“Technically, Mr. Stark, this is the studio’s camera. And I only do what’s necessary – that’s my job.”
Steve looks north up Broadway, shielding his eyes from the afternoon sun with a lifted hand.  This area is one of the few places in the city now where the sidewalks and buildings remain free and clear of the nearly omnipresent scaffolding that canopies other city streets.  The lack of those posting-slathered obstructions makes the sidewalk seem broader, longer, more like the streets of New York he remembers.
Steve shakes off his touch as they both walk into the hallway, but he doesn’t go far.  He leans back against the wall opposite Tony and slowly slides down until he’s in a crouch, nearly sitting on the floor.  He puts his head in his hands, blonde hair tangled between clenching fingers.
Tony glances at Steve to gauge his reaction to the opening titles. He sneaks peeks now and again during the earliest pivotal scenes, much preferring the Steve beside him to the one on screen. During Steve and Wanda’s big love scene, he tries to maintain a cool façade, worried that Steve might, for the first time since the film began, finally return his look and see how flustered he’s becoming.
“What makes you think you couldn’t just call me, or text me, and ask?  It’s only dinner and I would have been glad to see you,” Steve is perplexed.  He pulls his phone out of his pocket and makes sure it’s still working.  It is – he has another text from Miss Darcy Lewis, an associate of Thor’s who he’s never actually met but has taken it upon herself to keep him abreast of important current events.  She seems particularly interested in the Jersey Shore; in his time no one thought Jersey was all that neat but things have clearly changed.  “And contrary to what you all like to think, I do know how to use this thing.”
The special abilities state advanced healing and a decreased aging process, but Steven Grant Rogers exceeds the expectations of those words. He stares at the two photographs, fingers gripping their edges tightly.
It had taken Bucky a lifetime to break down Steve’s walls, and Tony’s done it in a handful of years.
On screen, Nathan Fillion is glibly tossing off another clever quip, and if Steve were still awake, Tony knows it would have made him smile.  Tony’s never really been much for TV, but Steve’s taken to
Tony stares at him for a long moment with something akin to pity in his eyes.  Steve sighs and turns back to the window, futzing with the curtains just to have something to do with his hands.  There can only be one reason Tony Stark is making such efforts to be kind.
Tony’s hands are on his waist, slipping underneath his suit coat to grip his hips firmly. He’s so assured, like he already knows Steve’s body and what he desires; yet it’s still heady and new at the same time, a dangerous and exciting unknown. Tony presses him back against the open door and Steve lets himself be moved, lets Tony crowd against him.
Steve waits until Tony pulls his finger from his mouth before catching his hand with one of his own, bringing it back to his lips to press gentle kisses to his fingertips and palm. He wants to say something in response, but everything that comes to mind seems rather oversentimental, especially since Tony’s tone has been far more smutty than sappy.
“Sir, your friend needs assistance, would you like me to call the EMTs?” He asks Steve three times, ignoring Steve’s questions, before Steve snaps.
“My darling Jane, should I be concerned?” Thor gestures between his wife and Steve, but his smile is broad and his tone jovial.
, but he can’t get the words out, doesn’t even know what the words would be.  Steve glances toward the exit and when he turns back, his face is closed down, his expression shuttered.  “We should…I can fix you something.  You need to take better care of yourself.  Pepper…Pepper will be upset when she gets back.”
He drops his hand to his lap as quickly as he tries to drop the thought. He tightens his fading smile and lifts his eyes back up to Tony’s.
He kicks the stand and then twists around to tighten the bungee latching a plain black milk crate onto the back; it’d started to rattle somewhere over the Pulaski Bridge but he didn’t want to pull over just to double-check it.  After all, it wasn’t one of the crates he’d painstakingly hand-painted, since he’d sold the last one of those right off the back of his bike for thirty bucks to someone walking by on Lorimer only yesterday night.
“I learned how, in the war. Never had much need for it before, living in the city, and I guess I don’t have much need for it now.” He shrugs. “I do own a motorcycle.”
Clint has shed his suit coat, a bold move for an upscale place like The Shield, but he flouts the rules of etiquette even more than Bucky these days. He's also sporting a purpling bruise and a row of stitches over his right eyebrow, and somehow this only adds to his puckish charm. His body, run roughshod from years in the stunt business, sports a fantastic number of scars and Clint has a fabulous story for each and every one. Steve often catches him with some wide-eyed ingénue, rolling up his sleeve or his pant leg and doling out the crazy story of how he received each particular injury.
“You’re a good man, Captain Rogers.”  She moves in closer to him, bumps him congenially with her elbow.  “Tony’s lucky to have you.”
“That thing we haven’t been talking about for the past month.   That Steve-shaped thing that just got on his motorcycle and went back to Brooklyn.”
“Bucky, I’m sorry. I –” Steve trips over the words. He’d had a perfectly sound alibi lined up, something he’d practiced inside his head on the walk home, but when he'd arrived near on noon and Bucky hadn’t been there to greet him, he’d let it slip from his mind. Out-and-out lying has never come naturally to him.
“I thought you’d like it.”  Tony isn’t looking at the sculpture on the ceiling, Tony’s looking at him, and when Steve looks back, he feels an immense rush of gratitude toward Tony for being, well,
With the amount of trauma he experienced, he should have died twice over.  He prays he never remembers all that they did to him, because the very little he does remember is already taking firm hold in nightmares.
“Of course, that doesn’t mean I don’t have to beat the nice out of him,” Natasha tacks on as if Tony never spoke, moving from side to side to engage Steve once again now that she’s said her piece.  “For the good of the team and all.”
He has not made use of the phone number embossed on its front, the black lettering starting to fade from where his fingers have traced over the lines one too many times.
He’s not in love, he decides quickly. He acts the cynical bastard, but he’s a bit of a hopeless romantic at heart. It can get the better of him sometimes when he’s not careful.
The coffee cup breaks in Bucky’s metal fist, the white ceramic cracking like a fault line. The pieces hold together until he slowly releases his grasp, and then they clatter to the counter.
“Turns out that Bucky was cool living in denial until he suddenly wasn’t.” Tony runs a hand through his hair. “Steve being…Steve being all...1942 pre-Cap small Steve all over again brought some stuff up and…” He makes a so on and so forth gesture, hoping Pepper will at least let him skim over the finer details. “I don’t really want to talk about it. It’s between me and Steve.”
“On the house, Rogers.” Steve must look as skeptical and surprised as he feels, because Nick’s stare turns to an outright glare. “What. I’m nice like that. Now get outta here.”
Steve freezes, knowing that the outline of his body must be perfectly visible through the nearly sheer fabric.
Tony remains quiet for a long moment, eyes narrowing ever so slightly as he follows Pepper and Phil weaving their way through the crowd.
There is no sign of Tony, so Steve loiters in the lobby, feeling more uncomfortable with every passing minute. His suit is old and ill-fitted, a tad too short in the legs and tight in the arms, and a rather unfashionable shade of drab brown. He straightens his navy blue tie for what must be the third or fourth time and then shoves his nervous hands into his pockets to still them.
“Not staring.  Evaluating,” Tony corrects.  “And not your ass, as lovely as it may be.”  He ignores her glare as he tilts his head and narrows his eyes, moving to consider her form from another angle as ideas ping around his brain.  “It’s your gait.”
He lifts the pillow for a moment and creaks one eye open, his lashes crusty and sticking together. Just one look at Pepper’s arched eyebrow and dry smile tells him she is yanking his chain.
Tony doesn’t fill the void with effortless and endless chatter the way he usually does.  His tanned, calloused hands – those hands that prove him a man of action and application in his world of theorists and thinkers – stay still as they grip the metal foot rail of the narrow hospital bed.  Tony glances toward the hallway, biting the inside of his cheek.
Before Steve can respond, the waiter returns to take their dinner requests. Tony orders for them both, arranging for hors d’oeuvres and multiple courses followed by dessert, all without so much as consulting Steve. The meal will be lengthy, and he calls for another bottle of wine to be prepared.
“Captain?”  She asks, and he’s alarmed by how alarmed she sounds.  All of a sudden his stomach is in his throat and he’s heaving all over the floor between his feet, nothing but water and bile.   “Steve?”
a son.  Did you?” Bucky asks, digging into his front shirt pocket with his good hand and pulling out his package of cigarettes.  He taps them on the back of the couch before flipping the lid with his thumb and pulling a cig out using his teeth.
There’s silence on the line for a moment. Then Tony can hear Bucky taking a few long, measured breaths, like he’s trying to collect himself before speaking again.
Though it’s his first time seeing Captain America in action, that Steve Rogers has the makings of a matinee idol is not exactly news to Tony.
What it would have been like, had he not messed it up that night when Steve was going to make him dinner? That had been the beginning of the end, he knows. If he hadn’t screwed that up, he never would have come to Steve’s house to apologize, they never would have gotten so sloppy, and Bucky would never have been the wiser…
enough to do it, you mean.  The rest of y'all are losers.”  Darcy comes to sit next to Clint, whacking him on the shoulder and then holding out her hand palm up, making a gimme gimme gesture.  The bright red of her nails matches her bold lipstick. “Fork over the Abe Lincoln, Robin Hood.  Mama needs some Starbucks.”
“It’s like he’s angry at me but doesn’t want to tell me why.” Steve tries to put his finger on the difference. He rubs his face, the feeling of stubble strange under his hands. They’ve been shooting the scenes where his detective is down on his luck, finding solace in the bottom of a bottle, and the art-mimics-life of it all is not lost on him. If anything, it’s only made him feel worse, his job giving him license to wallow rather than demanding that he get his head on straight. “I’ve tried asking him what’s wrong but every time I do, it gets worse.”
?” Steve asks. He crosses his arms over his chest, but pulling in protectively rather than aggressively standing tall. “Tony, this morning…”
was how you were going to convince him?  That was your grand plan?”  He laughs at Natasha, who just continues manhandling Steve down the staircase.  Steve manages to get out a few sputtering words of protest, but whatever’s going on here he’s pretty sure it’s not worth yelling over.   “I’m sorry, bro, I think what Nat was trying to say is: ‘We’re going out for dinner, would you like to come?’”
He shoves his hands in his pockets and, as he turns to go back into his trailer, kicks at a stray pebble on the pavement.
“That I do,” Sam doesn’t make him explain any further. Sam’s coped better with life after the war, but they’ve both had the nightmares. Steve just happens to get them more often, is all. Yesterday had been particularly relentless; he couldn’t so much as close his eyes without being assaulted by memories he desperately wanted to forget. Around 4am, he’d given up the ghost and went to the living room to get a jumpstart on the day’s work, tiptoeing around the apartment as not to wake Bucky.
in the interests of being neighborly, I could provide you with a ride home this evening. I have a car waiting.”
“As Pepper should have mentioned, I had the editing gals send over the most recent rough cut. Lensherr did a pick-up with Wanda to tweak the ending, but I haven’t seen how it plays yet. But if we get this locked this week, we can keep our original release date. I’d like your opinion on it.”
“I never—” Steve tries to turn to face Tony but Tony stops him, holding fast. It’s odd being able to control Steve’s body like this, to be the one with the physical power to determine how this conversation is going to play out. He normally wouldn’t press his advantage like this because it’s unfair and he’s sure Steve doesn’t like it.
“Steve.”  Pepper says sharply, like she’s about to reprimand him for something.  She pauses, looking back at Natasha and then at him, now at a loss for words.  “I…Well, I came here because…okay, I wanted to talk to you about Tony.  But maybe that wasn’t a good idea.”
Bucky sucks in a deep breath, a dark look crossing over his face.  Tony turns even gloomier, which makes Steve sorry for even having brought it up.  He should’ve waited for his doctor, whoever that might be, or maybe Bruce.
These people aren’t his friends, they’re just placeholders in a life he’s supposed to have lived already.  His real friends, they’re all dead and gone.
and, after a few moments of searching through its shelves, emerges victorious with a thick, battered, black notebook. Scraps of paper stick out from its edges, ideas jotted down elsewhere and stuck inside for review at a later date.
It would be inconvenient, but Steve remembers the days of his youth when an attack would set in and panicked onlookers would simply stand there at a loss for what to do, or worse, pat him on the back and tell him to
James Barnes has no close living relatives. His sister, Rebecca, died of old age, yet she had been childless. His cousin, Robert, died in the Battle of the Bulge, while his other cousin, Thomas, met his fate on the sands of Omaha Beach. His first cousin once removed, two years old at the time of Robert’s death, had died of a drug overdose in San Francisco in 1963. There’s no way left to scientifically prove any genetic relationship with the Barnes’ line.
“I kissed you back,” Steve says to nothing but air, bringing his fingers to his still tingling lips.  “You kissed me and I kissed you back.”
Tony busies himself with cataloging the changes Steve’s made to the place since he officially moved in.  The bookcases are filled, mostly classics and non-fiction.  He runs a finger along their spines, reading the titles.  A lot of history tomes, most of it covering the past half-century.  Some art collections – modern and pop and some photography.  Most bindings are cracked, like Steve bought them all secondhand.  There are a few framed photographs, all of the pictures black & white and faded.  He notices his father is in the background of one of them, part of a small crowd gathered around Steve.  It’s strange to see Howard in a photograph and not have him be the clear center of attention.
It’s Tony’s turn to be quiet.  He coughs a little, getting rid of the unexpected swell of emotion that catches in his throat.
With so many people with such large personalities crammed into such a small space, Steve barely has cause to interact with Tony until the plates are long cleared, and he carefully avoids the looks that Tony is sending his way.  Conversation is kept light and unfocused, sometimes diverging into separate conversations or sometimes meshing all together in one mess of chatter.  The most he and Tony exchange is a request to pass the grated cheese.  Darcy had been right about the stuff being delicious.
Tony’s mood lifts when they pass the Bellagio, his dark eyes dancing with the reflected light from the fountains.  He grabs Steve by the hand and hurriedly pulls him into the lobby of the grand hotel.
What if Steve had come up here, as planned, to where no one else’s prying eyes or ears could find them? Just the two of them in this massive house. Tony could have taken Steve apart for hours, learned every single curve and line of his body with no threat of being discovered. The whole night, every minute of it, could have been theirs.
“The fact that there is a drug out there designed to make super soldiers go haywire leaves me very uneasy,” he tells Pepper.  “JARVIS, bring up all we have on the serum and get in contact with SHIELD about rushing that information back from the mission.”
Without thinking, he extends his hand halfway across the table, resting it against the pristine white linen with his palm up. It’s not as if Tony can take it, but they both see the gesture for what it is.
movies, so, the space won’t go to waste.” Tony gestures around the room again, then points more directly to the projector that he’d had set up earlier that day, loaded with the rough cut of the film. “As for the getting out or staying in, I’d suppose it will all depend on what audiences think about this.”
“I can still hear out the other one, you know.” Steve’s sharp elbow pokes him gently in the ribs, sending Tony wriggling back. Steve’s body chases his, however, the curve of him settling between Tony's legs. The move is deliberate, and even though it sends a tingle of want darting up Tony’s spine, he holds Steve tighter to stop him from moving.
He makes a spontaneous trip to see Rhodey in D.C. for the weekend when Bucky says he’s taking Steve out to Coney Island and asks Tony if he’d like to come along.  He suspects Bucky only offers because he’s positive Tony will say no.  Of course, it turns out Rhodey is in Egypt so Tony winds up visiting the Air and Space Museum three times, alone.  He debates going to the National Gallery and picking Steve up a souvenir and decides against it.  But at the Museum of American History he breaks the rules and takes a picture of himself with the Star Spangled Banner, knowing Steve would get a kick out of it.  He never sends it.
Steve’s seen and done his fair share, but he has always been on the side of right. Being on the other side and the struggle it takes to make it back is one thing Tony gets about Bucky that Steve never really will.
Bucky, who was always at Steve’s side as he slept, holding Steve’s hand, day in, day out.  Tony had wanted to be the person sitting there.  He’d wanted to touch Steve then, just to feel him breathe, but he’d had to settle for watching the rise and fall of Steve’s chest from afar, hearing the steady beep of his heartbeat filtered through a machine.
“Thanks.”  Steve doesn’t really know what he should be doing now.  What he really wants to do is go to the lab.  Not because he’s eager to know where things stand with the Bucky issue – which he is – and not because he knows Dr. Ross is there and he owes her a great deal of gratitude – which he does.  Out of all the reasons and excuses, the only one that’s one hundred percent true is that he wants to hear Tony’s voice.
“Thor’s brother.”  Natasha intones flatly.  “He calls himself L and he does these…tricks, or whatever.”
“I’ll take your word for it.”  Steve picks up another DVD case from one of the stacks on the coffee table, reading the blurb for
“Make yourselves presentable, boys, we’ve got company.” She smirks before stepping aside. Tony Stark is standing just behind her, looking gorgeous and confused. He glances back and forth between the two men in the bedroom with none of Natasha’s self-satisfied glee.
“Among other reasons.  PTSD has a variety of lovely symptoms.”  Tony grimaces.  “But for me it’s mostly anxiety.  Nightmares, panic attacks, those kind of things.”
“Everything.” Tony shrugs, tugging at the too long sleeve of the black sweatshirt he’d borrowed from Steve’s locker.  “Nothing.  I don’t know.  I’m not really happy, I’m just…” He mulls it over, trying to find the right words.  “I’m glad we’re going home.”
“You must be Tony Stark.”  The man beside Steve jumps in, half-stepping between them and offering Tony his hand.  “I’m Sam Wilson.”
Tony bites his lip, teeth digging in hard, in order to stop something either desperately needy or gushingly romantic from spilling out.
Steve laughs breathlessly as he pushes Bucky back. Bucky goes easily, letting Steve roll them over so Steve’s on top. Bucky bites his lip, eyes going dark as Steve stands up for a minute and finishes disrobing.
“Go ahead and publish them. Run them front page on your dirty rag. You’re vastly overestimating how much I care about my reputation or Tony's.” Steve bites out, trying to keep the telltale waver from his voice. Loki grins at him as if he sees right through him.
“How much would it bother you if I…” Steve trails off, opting instead to slowly reach for Tony’s hand, giving him ample time to pull away if he wants to.  Instead, a smile spreads over Tony’s face and he folds his fingers comfortably between Steve’s.
“Steve, thank you for coming,” Tony manages to get out a greeting, aiming for a cheerful nonchalance but the words coming out strained. He walks around the edge of the pool to close some of the space between them.
“How about…” Tony’s face screws up and he glances at the ceiling for a moment before coming back to meet Steve’s gaze. He sighs. “How about be totally honest, and I’ll tell you if you’re being a little
The man sprawled out on the stoop across the street is none other than the mystery man from earlier.
Tony reaches out and sets his hand on Steve’s hip, fingers clutching at the thin fabric of his open shirt. Even though every time he moves toward Steve tonight, Steve backs away, and every time he touches, Steve lets go, Tony can’t help himself from trying again.
“I can back that up with hard data if you want,” Tony tosses over his shoulder as he opens the door for Steve.  Steve pulls him outside before he can divulge anything further.
“Can’t believe I could’ve made you mine all night and I fucked it up.” Tony breathes against Steve’s lips as they both gasp for air.
“Smile for me, would you? You look positively dour.” Tony says as he pulls open the drawer and finds his glasses right where Pepper said they’d be. He slips them on and looks back up, Pepper’s sarcastic grin all the more crisp and clear. “Aw, Pep, at least pretend like you mean it.”
be different.”  Tony comments.  “If we can make it here, we can make it anywhere, or so they say…” Steve doesn’t know who
“You really do surprise me, Steve Rogers,” Tony says quietly as he rests their foreheads together. Steve’s unsure what he means by that, but before he can ask Tony to explain, the sink shifts underneath Tony’s weight. It tilts forward and to the right with a crack of porcelain and the creak of metal. Steve catches Tony to stop him slipping to the floor and steadies him on two feet.
“I can’t abandon the team, Pepper.  I’ve already let them down enough by giving up Iron Man in the first place.”
“Steve, so great to see you,” Pepper says before he gets a word out, standing up and kissing him on the cheek, pulling him into a hug.  “You look very dashing.”
“Cap, someone is yanking our chain.  Human traffickers? There ain’t nobody here but you and me and you know it.”  The Captain lets out an exasperated sigh as Iron Man abandons his assigned position and joins him on the ground beside the shipping crate he’s been using for cover.  He lands gracefully for a man encased in a heavy, clunky suit of armor.
They follow, but at a slightly slower pace that allows the manager some distance ahead. Steve dares to press close along Tony’s side, grabbing his wrist momentarily to get his attention.
“I love that you think we’re all right on top of each other in this huge ass house,” Sam laughs, disbelieving but good-natured.  “I grew up in a place smaller than this kitchen with my aunt, brother and sister and six cousins.”
“What? Who?” Tony snaps as he runs his hand through his rumpled hair, annoyed to find it still sticky with pomade. He hadn’t showered before tripping into bed.
“So that’s how it is. Good to know where our friendship stands,” Steve retorts. “Not even worth a song.”
“Or something,” Tony says, mostly to himself, but then forces himself to brighten.  He’s not about to wallow in front of this crowd.  “It’s been kept up but hasn’t been lived in for years.  I figured we could kick out the old cobwebs, brush off the furniture and make use of this pile of bricks while the Tower is under re-construction.”
“Unrequited attraction is a lot easier to deal with when the person isn’t two feet away.  If you were within arm’s reach, Tony might have…well, he might have reached.”  Pepper takes a sip of orange juice and then nods at something over Steve’s shoulder.  “Your eggs are burning.”
“See, all cool.” Tony announces. Steve turns to go, looking unsure, folding the dirty shirt over his arm. Tony
“No.  End of discussion.  Please send the clothes to Aspen for Steve, I will call you when we hit Vegas.”
“How archaic.”  Tony mumbles.  “Kick his ass for that, Nat.”  He pulls a metal folding chair from against the wall and unfolds it, flips it backwards, straddles it as he pulls out his phone and hits a few buttons.  “I’ll post it on YouTube.”
“Oh…right, right, right.” Tony smiles a little to himself. Honestly, he doesn’t know what he’s going to do with Betty’s talents, but when he’d met Thaddeus at an industry function earlier in the month, he’d witnessed firsthand the way the man treated his daughter; it had been with absolutely no respect.
“I love the way you say my name.” Tony mouths along his jaw, down his throat. “I want to hear you scream it.” Steve pulls at Tony’s tie, brings him back to his lips. Tony’s eager hands are already untucking Steve’s shirt; when Tony’s fingers touch his bare skin, Steve groans.
“Ugh.” Tony has to admit the man has a point. “Okay, fine. I…” He scratches the back of his head with one hand, the other making a so-so gesture as he fumbles his way to the heart of the matter. “I kinda, maybe, might have had sex with Steve Rogers last night.”
“Yes you can.”  Tony picks up a 2H from a nearby glass of pencils and hands it to Steve along with a sketchpad.  “You should really commemorate this moment.”
While he must admit Steve’s superhero body certainly was the first thing that had attracted Tony, way back when they first met, he’s sure beyond a doubt now that he’s in love with
Steve takes one step into his trailer and then stops, turning back. He might regret this tomorrow, but something in him makes him ask the question.
Tony's words surprise him, and Steve accidentally knocks against the divider. Luckily, he doesn't tumble it over and expose his now mostly naked body to both Tony and Jan. Instead, he steadies the screen and peers at Tony over its top, as he's nearly a head taller than its rim.
Pepper’s face betrays nothing as she takes one step forward, reaches out and takes the glass from his loose grasp.
Steve hesitates a brief moment when he sees Tony, clearly wondering why he’s there, but he turns to Natasha without commenting upon his presence.
…” Steve comes hard, one hand grabbing Bucky’s hip and the other reaching up for Bucky’s neck, pulling him down into a crushing but uncoordinated kiss that’s really nothing more Steve moaning against Bucky’s open mouth.  His orgasm is vicious, balls drawing up tight and his body pulling taut, the cords of his neck standing in sharp relief as he throws his head back, his fingers digging into Bucky’s flesh.
“Steve?” Tony prompts, hand stilling as it drags gently through Steve’s hair. Steve nods against his shoulder. When he finally speaks, it sounds like the words are dragged from his throat.
It’s not okay, and Bucky knows if Steve had the ability to speak at that moment, he would have sniped that right at him.
“Well that makes sense. I mean, you and I have been working together for, what, over two years now? And—as far as I know, correct me if I’m wrong here—there were no erections popping up between us. Steve
When they’re seated in one of the expansive green vinyl booths in the café, Tony’s hat perched on the tableside rack and the ocean stretching out beautiful and infinite beyond the huge plate glass window, Tony dares to reach out and hold Steve’s hand.
“What’s also funny is that in one evening you’ve started to sound like every critic of Woody Allen ever.  Welcome to pop culture, Steve, seems like you might fit in here after all.  I can’t wait until you see his later films, the age disparities are going to
“Of course I would have my own theater,” Tony repeats, refusing Steve’s judgement. He walks down the center row of seats, stopping in the middle. “You know I had to renovate anyway after that last little accident, so I figured I would make a few extra improvements while I was at it.”
“Not to split hairs, Cap, but I do believe you beat Natasha to the punch by a good eighty years or so, not to mention the nearly twenty years of friendship before that.”
I should have locked that,” Loki states, not sounding at all apologetic or surprised. He angles his head to look at Tony, who stands frozen two feet in from the doorway. He takes his time removing his hand from around Steve’s belt buckle, which he had already started to unlatch. “Well. To be honest, I would much prefer taking my time in private anyway, Steven.” He pats Steve’s chest, the crinkle of the photographs underneath his coat audible to only them. “Do call, darling – the offer stands.”
“I think that’s our cue to leave.”  He grabs Steve’s hand and stands up.  He digs out his wallet and tosses more than enough money down for their share of the bill and tip.  “Excuse me, but I simply
Bucky steps back quite a bit, giving Steve more clearance than he needs to enter. He seems uneasy, and Steve can feel his own anxiety ratchet up as he tries to put the right name to the weird tension in the air. In his last message to Bucky he’d said that they needed to talk, which, Steve supposes now, was frustratingly vague. But he hadn’t wanted to tell Bucky about all this on a voicemail. This was the kind of thing you talk about face-to-face.
“In case you haven’t noticed, there’s nobody around you in a five foot radius. You’re scaring away all my customers.”
“I knew he was gonna be a bad influence on you.”  Pepper’s smiling now though, and she reaches up to ruffle his wet hair. “Though you did just call me ma’am after I’ve
“I just…” Steve touches his own chest.  “I was thinking about it, is all.  Do you ever wish it was still there?”
“Buck?”  His throat is scratchy dry and for a moment he thinks he wasn’t heard.  But then the man lifts his dark head, that familiar lock of hair falling loose across his forehead.  Bucky’s thick hair always did do crazy things if he didn’t keep on top of it.
“So what’s the occasion?”  Tony eyes the pizza as he takes a sip of his drink, pondering how much of a victory Steve would make of it if he helped himself.  It smells wonderful and he hasn’t eaten in…well, he can’t actually remember how long it’s been.  Long enough for his stomach to stop growling and give up hope of nourishment.  He swallows his pride and takes a slice.
“Oh, that’s the good stuff.” Tony licks his lips after his first sip, looking forward to the caffeine that’s about to jolt his system. This is his Italian dark roast, shipped over monthly specifically for his use only. Pepper occasionally sneaks a cup when he’s driving her crazy, but he doesn’t mention it. It seems only fair, with her putting up with his vast amount of bullshit and all.
Tony zooms toward the dark figure, coming to a quick but graceful upright halt directly in front of Bucky’s line of sight.
“I’m sorry I’m not better company,” Steve mumbles. “I just…” He forces himself to sit back up, look at Sam when he’s talking to him. “I’m doing this job I don’t particularly want to do, the one person who said he’d help me through it has up and disappeared, and on top of that, Bucky’s being strange as all get out and I can’t figure out why.”
“How do you even…” Clint reaches out and tugs on Thor’s long beard.  “Doesn’t it drag in stuff?  What, you just tie it back when you eat, or…?”
“After we hang up, I’m going to call him.” It's like Bucky's daring him to back off, just waiting for Tony to realize the huge mistake he's making.
“Yeah...something like that,” Bruce replies, his smile wistful and sad.  The door to the lab slides open with a burst of air and Pepper walks in, a bag from a nearby deli in her hand.  She looks between the two men, registering the slowly ebbing tension between them, and then sets the bag down next to the untouched breakfast she’d given Tony that morning.
“God, after so much time with Tony, I’ve forgotten that people can say things like that and not be sarcastic or glib.  You’ll have to forgive me, I’m not used to a real gentleman.”
“You better watch yourself, Cap, you’re starting to show a personality,” Tony warns when he finally finds his voice again.
“The tower will be finished soon.  We’ll all have our own floors.” Tony says, more to Steve than to everyone else as he puts Bucky’s pumpkin beside Steve’s on the counter.  “Plenty of space, we won’t all be right on top of each other.”
“No, no, I know.” Tony interrupts. He doesn’t want to hear more. “I get it, Steve. I do.” He wipes his face and turns back to Steve, who still looks so heartbroken that it rends Tony’s own heart in two. “I’ll…I’ll walk you out.”
“It’s not what you think –” he starts, looking to Natasha pleadingly.  Her returning glare is cold and unforgiving.  Tony whirls away from Steve’s former friend, because if he stays he’s going to do something rash and he knows they need him, knows Barnes has to be alive if they’re to have any hope of finding Steve at all.  “Let me explain –”
His own come makes Steve’s channel even more slick and he slips out with a gratifying squelch. He and Steve had decided on night one to go without rubbers, and this is why. They both love the sight and sound of this, filling each other up and then dripping out; parts of themselves left so deeply inside one another, even if only for a while.
“Oh did you?” Tony smells a lie, but if Fury wants to hamstring him into offering the newbie a place here too, he’ll need to ask politely and with the proper paperwork.  Making Fury jump through bureaucratic hoops and dodge red tape is delicious payback, and since Pepper deals with all the paperwork it’s a win-win as far as he’s concerned.
– inside, it’s like he’s never been fucked before.  His muscles clench around the intrusion of Bucky and Tony’s fingers but then he relaxes minutely, that delicious eight-pack abs of his flexing as he shifts.
Turning on the bedroom light, Tony heads for his wardrobe to find an appropriate suit for a night on the town. His best friend is in love. The least Tony can do is be happy for him, even if he can't be happy for himself.
“About last night.” Steve glances at him then, and Tony can see the worry written plainly all over his face. “Is it that you admitted you love Bucky that has you so concerned, that Bucky loves you, or that we came all over each other while talking about how much you wanted to be taken to bed by someone else?”
“Ow, by the way.” Steve pushes her hand away with a mock scowl. He then realizes he has the perfect opening to make his own case. “If you’re no man’s, can we agree that I’m no woman’s? Please? Meaning no more surprise Darcy Lewises?”
“Like I’ve said before, Steve, we’re pals.”  Tony drums three fingers on the table top, looks up and looks away, hating himself for not being able to meet Steve’s eyes.
Tony Stark’s picture is above the fold, his smile playful and knowing, and his tie loose around his neck, his collar popped. He looks debauched. Steve feels a twinge of attraction low in his gut, unbidden and unwanted.
…feels so good…” Steve gasps. He reaches up with his left arm, wraps a hand behind Tony’s head as they continue to kiss. Bucky’s metal hand starts to roam over Steve’s body, dropping his hold across Steve’s shoulders to run over his arms, his stomach, his thighs, and then back up again. “Come inside me. Bucky, please, let him come inside me.”
“I’m more than just the suit.”  The words touch on the uncomfortable memory of Steve Rogers sneering down at him, contempt poisonous in his voice.  Tony shrugs it off, setting his mind to thinking of the myriad ways he is still more than useful.  “I can be involved without actually, y’know,
Maybe Tony will talk to him if he brought him some flowers. It also worked for Bucky when he pissed off some dame.
Tony is taken to the Stark’s estate in upper New York to avoid the press. Apparently there had been a mob waiting for him at the tower. They wanted to see this new Tony Stark.  Of course they did because  no matter what universe, people where still fucking nosey as hell.
“ But this is like team bonding!” Clint whined. Tony noticed he was carrying a leather messenger bag.
“ For fucks sake, how much stamina does this guy have?! He’s been going down on him for the past thirty minutes.” Clint exclaimed.
There was thumping from the opposite wall. “ what the fuck guys! Go to sleep.” Sam yelled. Steve groaned. He can’t ever catch a break.
The door opens and three massage therapists came walking. The first one was a perky blonde woman, “ Hi! My name is Sarah and these two fine gentlemen are Sam and Nick.”
Tony ended having to replace his reactor. It was damaged from the hit Steve had placed on it, the fucker.  He had sent him into fucking cardiac arrest. Then he had to have freaking stitches in his leg which still hurt like a bitch despite the meds. Then there were the antibiotics because they had no clue what bacteria was brewing in that things mouth.
The man turned to him. “ Oh god... you thought I was a robot! I thought all that dirty talk was just some role play but you actually thought terminator was fucking you.”
“ You little imbecile! You could have gotten hurt or killed. Those police men thought you were a domestic terrorist dressed up as Iron Man. Did you not think this through? Of course not because you never think things through. You think just because you are Tony Stark you are invincible.”
“ No way. You spend one night with this guy and  He already has you wrapped around his finger.” Bucky laughed.
Harry just smiled. “ No problem. So are you free? There’s this restaurant down town that is pretty nice that we could try.”
Wade nodded as he pulled Peter’s jeans and underwear off. Once he was naked wade spread Peters legs. He grabbed a packet from his back pocket. He opened it up and poured the lube on his fingers.
“ What the hell?” He muttered. He looked down and saw his suit in taters. So he hadn’t been drinking again or dreaming. There was a battle, there was Thanos and an entire army. He pressed on the nano housing and withdrew whatever was left back in, leaving him in his black tracksuit that thankfully obscured the nanites. He didn’t want to stand out, wherever the hell he was.
Steve pushed down his shirt and glared at him. “ So you basically stopped kissing me just because I have a good body?”
“ God your so beautiful...so smart...so perfect. “ He placed a soft kiss behind his ear and kept moving his hands up and down his back.he felt Steve lean in and rub his erection against his ass. His hands traveled upwards again and he began to massage his shoulders. Tony closed his eyes shut.
“ So tight darling. I don’t know how you can be so tight. Its like you were made for me. So precious baby, so beautiful.”
“ Maybe later. I’m a little busy today. And you don’t have to keep hanging out with me if you don’t want to. It’s not like I’m going to kick you out.”
“ Sorry to break it to you Pete, no sends a half naked pic with the idea of just doing chem homework or a tutoring section. Ha e you ever watch porn. It never ends with them doing chem homework.”
I was given an overview. It seemed straightforward enough. The only thing odd was that I was told that under no circumstances was I to remove my suit. And even under my suit I had to wear this light colored make up. I thought it was weird but I didn’t care.
Bucky just smiled. “ You don’t have to blush Stevie. It’s fine to ask, you just want to please your partner. That just shows that you are a caring lover.”
Steve leaned down and placed a chaste kiss on his temple. He then reached forward and grabbed a pastry, handing it to Tony.
Steve didn’t say a word to Tony and if he did look his way, he just glared. The bastard probably thought he was the problem, Tony just wanted him to tell him so so that he can have an excuse to yell at him.
Steve crawled on top of him and began to pepper his neck with kisses. Bucky made a cooing noise and nuzzled Tony’s cheek.
The blonde threw his hands in the air. “ Fine! I’ll look at them. Then you must leave me alone for the rest of the week. Is that understood? Because unlike you I am a real busy person and I have a desk full of papers back at my office.”
“ What are you doing here?” Peter hissed softly as he dragged Wade behind a row of books in the library.
“ Jesus fuck! How did you do that?” Steve chuckled as he kissed Tony again and began to grind against him.
Harry shook his head. “ That’s alright. I rather hang out with you instead. You are much more fun. Besides someone promised to tutor me in chemistry.” He flashed a bright grin and Peter laughed.
“ Anyway the first phase is just home crying a whole lot, listening to Tony’s favorite heavy metal music and movies on repeat while curling around Tony Armani suit.” Bucky explained.
“ Yeah... that. They knew each other since Tony graduate college and they had some intimate experiences together. Steve has hated Strange since that. He was jealous. But that was also when he found out he had a chance with him. A year later, Tony was killed in the accident.”
Tony sighed. He feels like he has been doing that a lot lately. “ I don’t know what their deal is but I hope I don’t have to do another push up anytime soon.”
He opened his mouth to retort when a melodic song drifted through the air. They neither turned and saw Winghead singing.
Quentin smirked and grasped Peters chin in his hand. “ Nothing to be ashamed of dear. I would love to make a homemade porno with you.”
Peter entered the dining area in time to see Steve in his Captain America apron placing a plate of pancakes on the table. The rest of the family was there. His  Papochka and dad were already at the table with the former in his SHIELD uniform and the latter in a fancy business suit.
Nat gave him an indifferent look and walked down the hall to where the Quinjet was. The trio followed not to far behind.
Grant sighed. “ He wanted me to dress up as the Commander and tie him up and such and Force him. Like a...” Grant shook his head.
Fury gave him an unamused look. “ And it nice to see that you finally decided to attend a team meeting.”
Tony used his legs to grip Steve’s waist as he brought up his arms to wrap them around steve, pulling him in close. Steve grunted and clawed are the bedding like some wild animal. Tony knee steve had to be getting close as he got more feral as his organism neared.
Tony kissed back. He felt Steve licked his lips and he opened his mouth to allow Steve’s toNgue to enter. He felt
The guy never got to finish his sentence as Harry punched him squarely in the face. He collapsed to the floor and held on to his bloody nose.
Silence then enveloped the two of them. Tony pushed himself up and down on his feet nervously. He peered at Steve from the corner of his eye. The man seemed nervous too. Why was he nervous? Why didn’t he want to show him the lab? Why has he waited so long? Schmidt has told him to take him down here and Steve didn’t want to do it. Why was that?
Morgan gave a low whistle. “ Damn Peter. Remind me never to call you goody two shoes ever again. You’re dating a merc and you’re also banging a pretty hot side piece; I’m impressed.”
“ Well if he loved them, he should have time to grieve.” Tony said. “ I mean I’m guessing the guy was the one then who commissioned the statue in the park.”
“ God youre so beautiful so fucking perfect.” Steve whispered As he kissed along the neck in front of him.
“ Well you know I’m with Nat...” Bucky trailed off as he looked at a nonchalant Natasha lounging on a near by chair.
Steve nudged Grant. The man sighed and took out his notebook and pencil to write down the ideas their teammates were giving them. The fucking ridiculously things they were willing to do for Tony.
“ He’s very picky. No one can meet his standards. So to have someone here that is Steve’s is very unusual. Did he pick you?” Nat said.
Bucky motioned to a girl next to the one he had previous presented and motioned her to take off her dress. “ How about this girl? She has a rack and an ass! Can you imagine mounting her? I bet you’ll have a blast. You can probably go all night on this ass. If I didn’t have Nat I totally would.”
“ What are you talking about? Dad it’s consensual. He’s been touchy feely since I saved his ass and I’m fine with it. It’s consensual . I’m an adult and I can make my own decisions. “
Tony almost missed the sound of the cap opening and the finger that was tracing his hole. He stiffened slightly bunt just enough to get Steve’s attention.
“ We found out because we found Tony bent over the couch with Strange behind him. The rest of us where coming back from dinner. Tony wasn’t with us as he had been called into work right before we left and he couldn’t go with us.
“ This changes thing considerably. Tony, I think I could use your help. This country would be in your debt for whatever assistance you can provide us.”
That night when tony was in bed he felt Steve get in behind him and pull him to his chest. Steve kissed the back of his neck and placed another kiss behind his ear.
Clint Howled at Nat’s comment. Tony smirked and winked at her. “ I can always give you a demonstration” he said he a flirty voice.
“ So are we going to ignore the fact that we have an international assassin wanting to be hand fed right now.” Clint asked as Tony fed Bucky another chip.  They had finally managed to put clothes on him even though it was just some boxers and a white tank top.
Tony looked at them both, “ Now don’t get jealous ok? Both of you will have your time with me. How’s your guys experience?”
Steve nodded. “ Yeah. Pietro is fast and Wanda does this magic thing.” Steve said as he made some motion with his hands as if he were conjuring a spell.
“ What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Tony growled. Yes he’s old he knows that, but not that old. What the hell was wrong with these  people... and werewolves?
It’s not like he needed it. He was freaking still under 40, but no Bucky said he needed so Steve just went along with it. What the hell? Was this really the man or werewolf to bring down man kind? And yet he believed he needed adult diapers. Fuck he thought he was going to kill Steve.
Steve led Tony to the bed and motioned him to take a seat. Tony sat down slowly as he watched Steve flitted around the room. He placed candles strategically in different corners and lit them to create some ambience that only made sense to him and turned off the light so that the room was illuminated by a soft amber glow. Steve walked over to a dresser and placed his phone on some speaker set And set it to some jazz playlist.
Tony saw a quick movement from the corner of his eye and watch as Winghead dashed to the pool. Before Tony could say anything, he was already in the water. The shrieking has ceased and Tony looked up and was taken aback. Winghead was kissing the siren.
Quentin sighed. “ So romantic. Being told to hurry up and finish. You truly know the way to a man’s heart Peter.”
After a while Tony found a indoor batting cage in the arcade and ran to it, though he denied the running part.
“ Now, you usually have to prep to before you do anal, but I have already done that.” Tony smirked. Grant blushed at that.
Tony rolled his eyes. This had been going on for two weeks. Every time Tony  roughy it up, Steve would just say they would get his friends later until today he decided to go and get them like they were just some groceries. It didn’t sit well with him. They were his friends.
“The last older gentleman I was with loved it when I massaged his prostate. You should also ask Tony what he likes. Let him lead you. By his age he probably only reacts to what he’s used to. That’s the problem with these older humans. That and stamina. They can’t even go a second round at times. Can he?”
Steve leaned down and kissed his forehead. Tony wanted to scream if he was given a chance to recover, Steve wouldn’t let him go anytime soon. Steve covered Tony and pulled on some pants before sitting at the edge of the bed to look at Bucky.
Bucky groaned and face palmed himself. “ Jesus fuck don’t tell me you were going to start pranking people.”
“ So what are you planning to do with all them anyway? I mean that’s a couple extra mouths to feed and they probably need special medical care.”
Steve gave him a small smile before turning to glare back at Clint, “ I will be deducting from your allowance to fix the broken vent.”
“ I take it your name is Grant?” Natasha said through the speakers.  The feed of the solider stopped pacing and looked right at the camera.
They both faced forward and let the silence overcome them. The elevator gave a soft ping when it stopped and the doors open.
This can’t be the future, could it? They would have at least remembered him. And then there’s the fact that Nat was still alive. This could be a dream. A very, very realistic dream. Maybe he accidentally drank or ate something weird. He always got strange dreams whenever he ate Chipotle or drank tequila. Maybe it’s just one of those times.
And lubricated finger press around his hole teasingly. He swirled his finger only inserting a little before pulling back out.
“ What’s going on Friday?” They had been driving for a few hours now and we’re getting close to the border.
“ So good baby...love the way you feel...” Harry whispered against his lips. “ Don’t have much time... want to make you... feel so good..”
The baby giggled again and began to suck on his hand. Tony wasn’t one for children but this one would be the exception.
Steve has noticed that there was writing on it during lunch earlier and when he asked about it, Tony proudly showed him the signatures and messages of heir fellow teammates and SI staff. Steve has offered to put something in the cast and Tony had excitedly gave him his arm.
“ And why are you so nosey bird brain?” Tony asked as he chewed on a piece of bacon. He had been eating meals semi-regularly ever since Steve took it upon himself to drag him out of the lab. He had never noticed before how poorly Tony took care of himself when he insisted on caring for others.
The two had been squabbling ever since they had come back from the mission to debrief with Fury. Everyone glared at them, but they seemed oblivious to the many eyes on them.
Peter was about to undo his pants, but Wade pushed him back down. Wade lowered his head and latched into a nipple, sucking it greedily. Peter cried out. He gripped the sheets on the bed, not sure what else to do with his hands. He heard the buckle of his pants coming undo and the zipper being pulled down. Wade kissed his way to his other nipple, lapping around the areola before patching into it.
“ I don’t want to play right now. I’m going to sleep.” To make his point Tony quickly finished washing himself and stepped out of the tub.
The room was a lot cleaner than when he originally came in. Tony also noticed a Sonography playing in the corner. He didn’t recognize the tune but he knew for sure it would be something one played when trying to be romantic.
Peter looked up and saw Harry surrounded by a group of omegas and betas. He looked up as well. He smiled and gave Peter little wave. Peter gave a little wave back. He really didn’t want to be rude.
He felt Iron Man begin to piston his hips faster. “ Come on baby. You’re almost there. Come for me.”
Steve groaned and threw his head back. “ I don’t even want to think about that. As many times as I get called for the twins, I’m surprised I don’t already have a designated area for parking.”
“ Do you mind not fucking off and getting out of there? It’s movie night and it’s kinda your turn to cook.” Tony turned and glared at Clint who was positioned on the balcony.
Clint growled and smacked repeatedly Bucky who ignored him. Tony just rolled his eyes and smiled, he thought he would never see the day where he was the most mature one in the group. Despite not knowing them and the crowd potentially being dangerous, he was already starting to like them.
“ So that was definitely weird.” Tony said as he and Rhodey sat down. Maria and Howard had left only a couple of minutes ago and the whole ordeal was fresh in his mind.
“ Nothing! I swear! He just strolled in the lab and introduced himself. I couldn’t  really ask him any questions because Cap and Grant freaking hate each other and they kept arguing.”
Steve grumbled and pushed Tony closer to the bed. Bucky was already there, already naked with a bored look on his face. Steve gave Tony another shove until he flopped on the bed.
Bruce walked up to the speaker and pressed the button to speak. He hadn’t wanted to get involved earlier as he was afraid that it might turn him green.
It was just them and Winghead getting ready to enter the enclosure that Winghead had stayed at until he decided to move in with Tony.
“ Anytime but please I beg you to keep the fucking kinky shit behind doors. I don’t want to see you balls deep into someone’s ass. “
Tony threw and arm around Grant and have him a kiss on the head when he heard what seems like a muffled sob.
“ Stevie I’m hungry!” Bucky whined. Tony looked at him nervously,not expecting the man to sound like a two year old.
Tony earnestly gave his opinion, happy to be included. Howard smiled at him proudly, as if Tony was his greatest achievement and not the new energy efficient car he was working on.  He praised his genius and Tony felt himself blush at the litany of compliments.
“ I don’t care how it looks like. I want it to stop.” Tony growled. “ Would you two quit it?” He snapped. Both whined and gave him sad puppy dog eyes.
Tony should have know Steve would have tried to make this into a date. The food smelled good, but it was not worth the headache. Steve stride ahead and pulled out one of the chairs, he turned back to Tony looking at him expectantly.. “ Please take a seat.”
Tony sighed as he felt Maria’s fingers stroke his hair. He loved this. He wasn’t going to lie. He loved being doted on. He loved being cared for. He just loved being loved. And not the type of lustful love. The loved the love of a mother, a father, and possibly the love of a very over the top super soldier. He missed his family, but was it too selfish to ask for this too? The stones were gone. He saw how they were basically obliterated. Maybe here wouldn’t be so bad. Maybe he could also call this place home.
“ Man   You’re mean when you don’t get laid,” Clint said. Everyone in the room laughed including Tony much to Steve’s chagrin.
“ Tony,” It was Nat. Thank god. She was the brains and brawn of the two, “ I’m going to distract him and draw him away and I want you to run over to barrier and jump it. “
So Steve knew he was kind of an ass when he mourning. He was terrible to the prostitutes he brought over and his friends.   He was a terrible human being during that time. Yes he has a temper but that was no excuse for how he had treated people, especially those who were close to him.
Tony sighed as he turned to look at Winghead-Steve. He raised his head and smiled at Tony. He did not have time to be babysitting someone. He can barely take care of himself as it is. It was enjoyable to be around him every once and a while. But following him home and raiding his fridge is a different story. Which also begs the question how did he do it and what happened to all the mermaid characteristics. He knows for a fact that when he left SHEILD that Winghead had fins not legs.
Tony traced his rim and eventually inserted one finger into himself. Tony moaned at the sensation and began to thrust it languidly.
Clint gave a low whistle. “ Here’s some advice Steve. I’ve been married a long time, this is the part where you grovel on your knees and beg for forgiveness.”
Tony nuzzled his face into his chest, probably smearing his snot all over it, but he didn’t care. He just wanted to be  comforted right now.
“ What?! You must have the wrong guy. Have you not seen him? Not exactly smart enough to conquer countries in Risk let alone the world.”
Peter rolled his eyes and lightly swatted at him again. “ Now come in tie me up. The hand cuffs are already watched to the bed.”
Bruce began to walk down the hall and Tony followed behind him.  Bruce opened a door and led him in. The room was completely messy with papers and books littering the ground. The bed was unmade and the small desk in the corner was stacked with a variety of books and journals.
“ That feel good?”  Steve’s jaw went slack as if he were going to answer but instead he only released a soft moan
Bucky has already made himself comfortable and was already asleep with the baby tucked into his side.
Bucky yanked him up by his neck. Tony instinctively grabbed for his hand, trying to pry it loose. “ Where did this mouth come from?”
The merman didn’t answer and just glared at him. Tony crawled forward again as he didn’t do anything to disuade him.
Tony whined and began to rut into Steve when he felt a wet velvety tongue run along his frenulum. He grabbed on to Steve’s hair with both hands to keep him there. His lifts his legs a bit and held him in places
“ Who chases you?” Peter saw his poppa walk out of the kitchen, a dish rag in hand as if he had been cleaning dishes.
Greg giggled. “ So your dad, Bucky, Morgan and I were charming enough to acquire the company of a few French girls-“
When Steve’s knot deflated and he was able to roll to his side to look at Tony the man gave him a cheeky smile.
“ Fuck!” Tony snarled as the two super soldiers groaned miserably. Reindeer games was so going to pay.
He was awarded with a whack on his head form behind. He turned to see Winghead with puffed out cheeks, tail beating the water angrily. The toothbrush he took earlier was on the ground.
Steve scoffed loudly. Tony turned to him and saw his expression.  He also turned to Grant and saw his expression. They were jealous, really?
“ I guess grape juice it is.” Steve chirped happily. Tony will soon understand how there were meant to
“ What’s wrong Steve? You usually are very adamant about sharing your opinion about Howard,” Clint teased.
Winghead nodded, his body, Tony noticed was also turned away from him. Tony cupped Wingheads chin and turned him toward him, forcing his body to turn somewhat and revealing what appeared to be a rather large erection coming out of a slit in the  anterior potion he was trying to cover.
Tony rolled his eyes, but went with it. “ Yes your grace.” Might as well try and please him, he did say he was getting his friends back.
“ His kind has the ability to sing spells and curses. Often times they are to make others do their bidding. And he wanted you to give Tony back to him. “
Steve’s fingers slightly hovered over the keyboard. He had been like this for the past ten minutes. He really needed to do this. Well he wouldn’t say he needed to do it, but it would help if he did do it.
Someone how did his suit or at least get Friday uploaded to the other one and then somehow figure out to get back to his own universe.
He heard a chucking noise and looked over to see Bucky snickering. “ Shut up,” He snapped. That only served him to laugh louder.
Tony wanted nothing more than to shoot the damn were wolf. The fucker was like an energizer bunny on crack running around his apartment, sniffing everything before shifting back to his naked human  form and rubbing his balls on everything. He had crossed the line when he had began to enthusiastically hump his bed.
“ Honey don’t cry,” Tony said. “ I didn’t know he meant so much to you. I would want you to have to choose.”
Steve leaned down and kissed Tony’s temple again. “ Just tell him love, he’ll become annoying if you don’t. “ Steve said gently.
“ You can sit next to me.” Tony turned and saw Bruce motion to the open seat next to him. Tony have a small smile and nodded before taking his place.
The brunette yelped as  the blonde grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and dragged him to what Tony assumed was the kitchen.
Quentin grasped at the hem of the pants and underwear and pulled it down at once, revealing Peter to the world.
“ Do you need any help or are you fine from here? I don’t mind helping you and you are probably sore from yesterday.”
“ What that you tortured and killed her entire family because you are a racist? Yeah I think she would found that you were racist sooner or later.”
Tony began to undo the his belt and pants, trying to push it down his hips as Steve pushed his body down onto the bed.
The Comm in his ear went off and Natasha broke through the sound waves, “ Clint and I are in position, the doors are being opened now.”
Tony began to wash himself. Freaking Coulson and freaking Shield. Why couldn’t they take Winghead back? He was not a babysitter. He was like a per diem consultant. Yeah of course he helped out with the Avengers with his Iron Man suit, but Fury really did not consider him apart of the team even though the team was separate from Shield. Maybe he could help hem out. Since they were a separate entity from Shield he could possibly offer them residency at his tower. He does have a lot a space and he wouldn’t mind having company every once in the while as it does get lonely. Well... company that didn’t need his constant and upmost attention.
“ Are you fucking shitting me right now? Now you start to spout this homophobic shit? After you already fucked me?”
Maybe Tony will talk to him again someday. That would be great, he really wants to be able to talk to him again.
“ Fine,” Steve grounded out. “ Take it up with Phil and give him his medical record. I would like to review. They better be his friends or I won’t be happy.”
The bed began to move and the headboard hit violently against the all. Steve bit down on Tony’s shoulder as he came, yielding a Yelp from Tony. Grant just grunted as he jerked himself quickly to completion.
“ Do we need to talk about them when we are hanging out honeybear? This is like the first time in two weeks that the three of us are actually able to have lunch together.” Tony whined. Pepper had invited Tony to have lunch with her and Rhodey at their favorite Italian place a few blocks from the Tower. Pepper probably sensed that he needed a break from the Tower and two residents in particular.
“ Makes sense.  He probably sees as a threat to his well being and when the only one he feels is Helping him was separated from him, it could make him presume as much. “. Nat concluded.
All the while Maria fussed over Tony. She commented on how skinny he was and that he was probably not getting enough food. He was not that skinny. Steve has been giving regular meals.
The robot looked back at him and tilted his head with an confused and hurt expression on his face. The small file he had been using as a fan still clutched in his hand.
Quentin fell to his knees as he felt something Sharp pierce threw his calf. He heard Peter scream in the background but before he could look up he felt some it grab him by his collar and throw him to into the far wall.  Quentin tried to get up and summon a spell to retaliate against the intruder but he was back in the ground as he felt someone deliver a swift kick to his ribs. And as his head hit the wall again, he felt himself losing consciousness.
“I got some boxers. It’ll be more comfy and not as hot.” Harry went to his dresser and pulled out a random blue pair.
Tony May not like Loki more than the next guy, but he was obviously distraught. And having him cause a scene in Central Park like some cheap drama was not a good idea either. So in the end, they had taken Loki back to the tower and Thor had taken back to his room to talk with him.
“ It’s What we call ‘ The Self Destructive phase.’”  Clint said happily. “ It involves a lot of drugs, alcohol and high class hookers.”
Tony began to move slowly, pushing himself up and slowly letting himself fall back down. The first time, Tony gasped. Tony did it again and gasped in pleasure again. He started to pick up the pace and felt Steve’s hands on his hips to guide him along.
Tony rolled his eyes. He was not a fan a PDA. Well...it depends. He had some nice encounters in broom closets and the such, but he really didn’t like this overly sweet and disgusting cuddly moment. Moments like this made him want to gag. It was absolutely disgusting. Yuck!
“ Come on you stubborn ass, “ Tony hissed as the large were wolf ran around aimlessly through the car and the workshop. The creature would run into the open door of the car turn around and rush out just to run around the workshop.
Tony kept walking, occasionally dragging his hands lightly over the furniture, and the walls, as if he were trying to convince himself that all of this was real. He didn’t notice where he was going until he walked into his home office. He saw a number of degrees on the walls alongside a number of photographs. He didn’t have that in his office. He walked to his desk and picked up a random frame from the many that were neatly lined on the desk. It was a picture of him and Steve. It must have been a Halloween party because the other Tony was dressed up as the Tinman was the Wizard of Oz while Steve was wearing a cardigan, a button up and a tie. Tony huffed our a laugh. Of course he would dress as Mr. Rogers. They were both smiling at the camera with Steve wrapping an arm tightly around the other Tony’s midsection. Steve looked so happy. He must have really loved him. Tony placed the photo down and picked up another one. He laughed at the sight.
Harry: we can also try that sushi place that opened near school just last week if you like sushi. I know it’s not for everyone.
It took some time and a lot of hissing, but the creature eventually went over to the food that was placed for it. When he was over there, that was when Tony ran to the barrier where Clint and Nat pulled him over. What he didn’t anticipate was how fast the creature was and how it nearly snagged him by the ankle. Tony and the agents hurriedly rushes out of the area as the creature began slamming his body against the barrier.
“ Yep. Yes I know what they are used for. Bipolar, anxiety, depression. He usually stuff. I’ve been off them for a week. I think I need to be back on them.”
Tony opened and closed his mouth but now words came out. Why was he here? Why was this man here in his office? Why were his friends working with him.
He nodded at Brock, giving the man the signal that Tony just turned the block. Brock followed quietly behind him. He was thankful that the Hydra agent had agreed to help him out. He was to pretend to mug Tony and Steve of course would be there to rescue him. After a romantic rescue like that, he was pretty sure Tony would be wooed.
“ I’ll need to get up close to him to assess him better. I will use a counter spell so that his singing won’t affect me but it will be limited. And I will need to bring Stark. He will probably draw out your little resident,”Strange was still ignoring him.
“ Well I guess I can tell you about myself,” he gave Tony a little flirty smile, “ I have been here for a bit and I was able to research your team Tony. And-“
“ You try putting him in clothes and as for the legs didn’t you guys know? How was he stealing shit.”
Tony gave Steve a small wink before swallowing the cock whole. Steve gasped and gripped onto the arm rest of his chair, tearing at the fabric.
“ It is. That’s why you are still alive.” Up against the rail was  an angry merman. His hair was brown from what Tony could see and had red fins where his ears should be and one arm was a shiny silver color and looked metallic.
Tony was sobbing at this point and Rhodey gathered him in is arms rubbing soothing circles across his back. He let him nuzzle into his chest, really more snot onto the white shirt. He hoped it came out in the wash later. But there in Rhodey’s arms after his talk about Steve and the team, He had never felt more safe and loved in his life.
Nat just raised a well groomed eyebrow as if asking Bucky if he was sure he wanted to challenge her.
Tony just watched the interactions between everyone. He needed to observe them, take in their weaknesses and their dynamics.
Tony groaned as he felt a think finger slide into him. “ Of course I do you menace.” Tony opened his legs a little wider so that he can give Steve better access. To y felt a second sneak in. Tony moaned whe the fingers scissored open.
“ something non-alcoholic.” Tony didn’t need to be losing his senses around this guy. He didn’t know him and he was still a Hydra agent.
“ It means rich boy here has a little crush on a certain omega. Does he walk with you down the hallways and carries your books for you.”
“ How can you even possibly know?” He growled. How could anyone know? He made a fool of himself in front the love of his life and said love of his life had tried to leave him.
They fucked on the bed, on the floor, on the couch and in the shower when they were ready to wash up. He was so tight. When he was riding him, he moved like a dancer. When he was under him, he was like a wildcat. Scratching his back and moaning in pleasure. It had felt even better when he finally knotted.
Ultron looked at him sadly as if he hurt his feelings. As if s murderous robot who tried to kill an entire city had feelings.
If Peter were less drunk he would have commented, but this was his 10th or maybe 19th drink. He didn’t remember. And he metabolized alcohol differently. He was still able to get drunk but it took a bit. He knew he had to be somewhat drunk. His head felt cloudy and the room tilted a bit at times when he turned his head a certain way.
Tony has been dropped off at a bathroom with a few servants. Steve told them to clean him up and return him when he was finished.
“ Look at that.” Bruce motioned to the hologram. “ Come on Tony. Just help him out a little bit. He will be happy to know you are okay.”
Iron Man huffed. “ I wouldn’t mind but your little BFF assassin would like nothing more than to shove his AK-47 up my ass.”
“ That is were you are wrong my friend,” Tony interjected, “ He does look familiar. They both do. Ever heard of Alice In Wonderland? This is Tweedle-Dee and his brother Tweedle-Dumb.”
Tony held back a sigh. They hadn’t been kidding when they said Steve had a crush. He looked like a nervous school boy telling his crush for the first time they they were interested in them.
Steve smiled shyly.  “ I was hoping we can watch a movie. The kids are already in bed so they shouldn’t interrupt us.”
“ Jarvis, honey, when will Ana be here? She was supposed to get some honey croissants for Tony. He is very upset right now. “ Maria asked as cuddled Tony closer to her.
“ Tony,” It was Steve.  “ Tony, please open the door. I’m worried.” His voice was soft and he did genuinely sound worried.
Steve started a punishing pace, pushing Tony’s legs up and folding him in half. Steve growled at each thrust and bit into Tony’s neck and shoulders, leaving marks behind.
Tony had pushed him against the wall weaved his fingers through his hair. Steve divested tony of his clothes and then turned them so Toyns back was against the wall and lifted him up. Tony gasped in surprise and he wrapped himself around Steve.
Apparently he wasn’t a plant expert. He thought the plants he got where harmless. Apparently he had got poison ivy and Tony apparently didn’t have a good reaction to it. Maybe it wasn’t a good idea to try and get wildflowers.
Steve smiled at him, oblivious to the glare that was directed at him. “ I guess you aren’t a morning person, aren’t ya? But it’s time to get up. I need to take you for your walk.”
“ Oh, fuck you Strange. He went after Nat and attacked Pepper. Whatever I did to piss him off was well deserved.”
It was two weeks later when Peter got a text from Wade. He told him to meet up with him. He told his parents that he was going to be spending the night at Ned’s and informed Ned’s so that he wouldn’t accidentally blow his cover.
Steve frowned. “‘That would make no sense Tony. I’m pretty sure your friends need clothes too. It would just be easier this way. We can stop and get you some frozen yogurt before hand if you want. It’s on the approved list Bucky made for us. He said you need a lot of calcium to prevent osteoporosis.”
He also decided to sabotage his car so it wouldn’t start when he was heading out for the day. Steve offered to take him in his bike. Because who doesn’t think a motorcycle is sexy. He just said his dad will pick him up.
He stepped in between the two quickly, trying to placate them. “ Hey, hey. Let’s all just come down. We can be civilized and talk about this.” When the hell did he become the fucking adult?
Steve kissed under his chin and began to kiss a trail lower and lower. Tony began to pant heavily when he realized the finally destination. Steve fed himself Tony’s  cock that was still in his hand. Tony made a stuttering sound when he felt Steve swallow it in one go.
He started to walk, he didn’t no where he was going, but nothing was going to get done by staying in one place.
Steve smiled down at Tony. He had pretty eyes that twinkled every time he was happy. He wondered if Tony knew his eyes did that.
Morgan reached down and grabbed on the hair of his lover tightly. Lover... He never thought the word would mean so much to him.
Steve sighed before looking at the door for Tony’s room. He shook his head and headed toward the gym.
Winghead just ignored him and continued to eat the midnight snack he had decided to bring back to his new bed.
“ You are very stiff. Is this your first massage?  Just tell me if an when you become uncomfortable and I’ll just touch your in a different area.” Sam told Grant. Tony saw him gulp and nod his head and Sam began to work on his shoulders. Steve wasn’t daring any better. The two wimps. It was a massage not a killer robot or Loki.
Tony opened his eyes and panicked. He went back to the cave when they pushed his head underwater and he couldn’t breath. Tony cried out, afraid. He felt two arms wrap around him, he tried to pull away. But they didn’t let go.
“ Woah, woah, now. Don’t I get a say? I mean it’s me that’s going to have to do this?” Tony said, affronted.
Steve lowered himself and crawled up to Tony until he was curled up behind him. He placed a kissed on his shirt covered shoulder.
Before Peter could say anything else the door opened and a man with a goatee walked in with an angry looking Tony Stark and Commander Hydra. He could see the rest of the team looking angrily through the door at him. Great. Just great. The goateed man closed the door behind him.
He walked down the corridor and went passed his room to Steve’s. It was closed when he got there. “ JARVIS is Steve in his room?”
Bruce was mostly quite and loved tending to his garden on the balcony. He tended to a large assortment of produce which he would cook with. He loved drinking tea and reading.
“ Tony, my bambino, have you been eating properly? You look so thin,” Maria cooed as she tried to help Tony dress.
“ Tony, he’s stealing things you like. The only reason he doesn’t have the cake is because cake and water don’t really mix. He wants to impress you and receive praise. He is possessive of you, Tony. Tell him it’s not okay, and he will stop. “
Rhodey shook his head. “ It would make sense for Tony to want to do that though. I mean he did have a hard time in that cave. Maybe he thinks that you two will be there to make it better. I mean he knows you would probably be extremely gentle with him Grant or he wouldn’t ask. Would probably make him almost feel he is re-writing his own memories with something more pleasant.”
Loki’s lower lip trembled “ Are you saying that these Midgardians are more important than me? Was it really so hard just to contact me? Was I so disposable that I could be casted off like an old coat?”
Tony got to the park in about twenty minutes. He pulled the duffel bag from the passengers seat and slung it over his shoulder. He made sure to leave to keys in the car. Maybe someone would steal it and take it elsewhere so that way if the others where to trace the car to him it would lead them away from him for just a bit. He began walking. The Forest was thick and it would be able to provide him with quite a bit of coverage when it came time to fly. But first he wanted to make sure he was far enough into where the chances of running into someone else would be quite minimal.
Harry sighed and rubbed Peter’s back. Well at least he got to spend some time with his lovely crush.
Harry smiled and they continued on their way. Peter thought he saw some of the omegas and betas glare at them.
It looked very similar to his own office. There were pictures of the Avengers and Stark family photos. There was even the college photo of him and Rhodey and MIT sitting on the exact same self as his own office. His mahogany desk was still the same, expect cleaner and the office chair was turned facing the city.
Strange nodded and turned to Tony. “ I hope we meet again.” Strange placed a soft kiss on his forehead before flicking his wrist and disappearing.
“ It’s... um.. nice to see you again. Yeah I kinda had a dentist appointment today so I was able to miss most of school, but I missed hanging out with you.”
He placed  it back down again. The photos on the walls were all moments of the other Tony’s life, proudly presented. Him and Nat at a zoo, him and Pepper at a charity event, playing video games with Thor, cooking with Bruce.... the other Tony looked so happy. He was well loved and appreciated here.
“ Oh. Um.... that’s interesting.” Harry said, a little panicked. He was so dead. Stark is going to kill him. Not even his dad will be able to save him.
“ Maria, dear, this is Peggy. I told you about her before. She’s  a brilliant woman. And Peg this is my wife Maria. Don’t look so shocked. Of course I got married! Maria is the love of my life and I am including my car collection you sea witch! How could you write that? Of course I love her. Makes the best lasagna...”
“ If i knew your beautiful face could’ve  shut him up I would have brought him sooner,” Clint quipped.
Peter sighed and let his hands lay limp beside his head when Harry began to kiss the sharp edges of his hips.
“ Yes, i know. Wanda explained to us when I found that your ass was in police custody. As an adult you handle it with the appropriate adult: you should have talked to the principal.”
Tony sighed. Fuck it. He was going to use his jacuzzi. He earned it. He quickly stripped and stepped into the water.
“ What do you mean more? He can’t really be royalty,” Tony laughed. This guy was no way a prince.  Granted he never met a prince, but he always thought they were refined and suave; two things this knucklehead was not.
Steve’s problem was He just didn’t like waiting. He wanted to always rush to the part where he could pretend it is him in his bed and not another prostitute. Steve just have a grunt in response. It was none of Bucky’s business if he was a Little rough when he first meets his guests.
“ Well now you can brag to all of your friends that you bagged a young one and went at it all night.”
“ Can I put it back in sweetheart? And you do want Bucky to suck on you?” Tony whined and nodded quickly. Bucky kisses his way down To Tony’s pelvis and have no preamble as he swallows him whole. Tony gave a wordless cry as he grabbed onto the back of Bucky’s head. Steve slid easily into Tony and tony whimpered as he tried to turn his head as far back as possible so he could kiss steve. Steve chuckled and began to kiss Tony’s check and nose, purposely avoiding his mouth. Tony whined again. Steve relented and finally kissed his mouth, earning a low moan.
He tried every thing he could think of, every trick in his bag of playboy experiences. This man was either too naive to figure it out or had the best god damn self control in the history of Earth. When he said he wasn’t going to touch
Tony had no idea how it happened. He honesty didn’t. One minute they were having a picnic and the next wham! He was apart of a hit make out session. It could have been him leaning to close or possibly the way Winghead kept nuzzling his cheek. Who knew. What he did know was that he had lost all of his clothes at some point and had the creature between his legs.
“ I don’t know you. If you are trying to pretend to be Tony you are doing a shitty job. He would never call me Legolas, but nice try though.”
“ But it just hasn’t been at training, they have been jerks everywhere. When I went to go ask for him to pass me the milk, he told me to, and these are his words “ go get it your freaking self.’  They have been total jerks. Something is up.” Sam said.
When he got there he pushed the love seat in front of the elevator door to block access and ran to his- the other Tony’s- room.
“ But seriously Tony, we should meet him. I heard from the company, they have been saying you have been showing up to work regularly and working with SHEILD, without complaint. Happy had said you haven’t been drinking and you haven’t been to a party or the cover of one of those trashy magazines. If this man can whip you in shape in a month, the I think he is very good for you. Talk to him and we can set a date. I forgot he is shy, we can do it on his terms. I do not mind. “
Tony sighed. “ Well some things are the same and others are different. I mean I recognized all of you, but you all are slightly different.” He didn’t want to be too specific who knew what the information could do against him.
“ Well he’s pissed with me. Maybe he will like someone that hates my guts. Might want to team up with those tabloids. They will love each other.” He was glad Pepper was ok. The wounds were only superficial.
