Arrows exploded around them, but not in time to prevent her from taking a blow to the temple, "Fuck," Clint cursed. "Hey Steve, I'm feeling a little left out here," he said into the com, "Nat finally got tired of me buggin' her,"
Sometime later Tony heard the warning "Husband Override Protocols activated, Rogers, Steven Grant," He had time to wipe his hand on a towel and adjust the grey tanktop before his spouse walked into the room. "Hey Handsome," he started his chipper greeting dying on his lips.
"Hey, Sweetheart what's the matter," Steve asked voice thick with concern. He pulled Tony's face up to meet the tearful brown eyes with his loving blues. Brows knit with worry, face sharp and attentive. "Tony what's the matter,"
"Who wants a beer," Clint called from the fridge, "Or I suppose anything else to drink," he offered as Tony set down with his own plate throwing a rather large helping onto it.
From the rubble, Spider-man was leaning most of his weight on Daredevil. The attorney tensed as he heard Steve, holding tighter to the young man in his arm. Clint was hauling Wade out from under a car his leg a tattered stump, "Damn Wilson you look like shit," he said loudly before he froze at the sight of Captain America standing beside Tony.
"Your husband is eating and it's time for your Russian lesson," the redhead said as they walked onto the air pad. Taking long strides she passed the blue armor waiting for it's wearer a small smile thinking he would no longer need it after this.
The doctor stretched her back, "As much as I love being the Avenger's resident physician I do have a life outside of these walls," she told them to call her if anything came up.
Steve looked tired like Tony had never seen him before. There were dark circles under his brilliant blue eyes. "Sweetheart it's been two weeks... I...I," he hung his head miserably. "I'm sorry my love. Please don't hide in here from me anymore," his voice cracked, even though his head was bowed, Tony could tell he was crying.
Warnings blared as a pumpkin bomb flew at him, but if he strayed off course he wouldn't catch his husband. Bracing his body the bomb detonated a few feet from him, "I got ya covered Cap," Clint's voice hailed from the coms while Peter was still fighting Carnage.
Tony didn't cut him any slack and he appreciated it as he took flight chasing the man he loved with his whole heart.
"Well if it isn't the sexiest devil in all the world. To what do I owe this erotic pleasure? You finally going to grant me the indulgence of growly phone sex," Deadpool's voice singsonging through his greeting.
I am so very sorry to have left this off for so long! I seriously forgot I had been writing this. With that, I hope you enjoy this chapter. Also because I have always loved him this is the hearing impaired Hawkeye from the comics.
Despite the situation, he smiled. Deadpool had that effect once he grew on someone, either that or the years as Spider-man's friend were softening him, "Captain America is unconscious in my apartment, unconscious and slowly dying," he became serious again.
They stood looking at the cells on the large holographic display, Tony's heart tightening in his chest. "Jarvis are you running the numbers for a solution," he asked.
Everyone was gathered in the kitchen making their respective dishes. Natasha and Clint were setting kolaches onto a baking sheet, him following behind her to fill the impressions with fruit. They were laughing, shouldering one another playfully. Bruce was basting the chicken while Steve and Tony cut veggies to steam. The atmosphere lighter than it had been in the weeks since he had first fallen ill.
Back at the tower, Peter was having his middle wrapped in gauze the wound already mending. Tony looked him over as he asked, "Why did you send an email to Hank when I specifically told you not to," his eyes narrowed.
"I'll keep his head on straight, Red," Deadpool assured before getting tugged into the hug. Yea Peter had most definitely begun to make him soft.
They sat down to dinner with the team, Bruce having cooked Chicken Makhani with naan, "Hey Cap I was hoping you'd try this," he beamed, carefully avoiding looking at his bandaged hands.
There was a low growl from behind the men as Daredevil landed on the ground heavily, "Good to see you, Cap," he greeted, "While these three wouldn't pose a challenge for you, seeing as you are in my kitchen it would be professional courtesy to allow me to remind them of the cost of committing crime within my domain,"
She held his hands gently in hers, "You're our teammate. You're our Captain, this...," she lifted his hands slightly, "doesn't change that,"
Spider-Man was up shooting webbing to catch it before it fell into the street. The blue armored suit was beside him helping him to lower it slowly to the ground. Tony was firing repulsor blast at Green Goblin. Hawkeye swung him and Natasha into a glass window before they both rolled.
Peter was reading over the formula as Dr. Yi began separating the blood serum. He sat back for a moment, "It took the collective genius of five people to breakdown Erskin and Stark's original research,"
"I can give you one more thing," he insisted, "Jay I want you to give my husband complete authority equal to mine call it Wedding Vow protocol," his eyes never left Steve's, "I know you won't abuse it and it really is everything,"
"Dammit. Hey Jarvis, remember that thing I asked you to do in this case," he looked anxiously at Bruce for a moment.
"We really don't need to go to Europe for a whole week, Tony. Just a day cuddled in bed with you after this is all done is incentive enough," Steve had his eyes closed picturing his husband's warm brown eyes gleaming with excitement as he spoke.
Relief allowed the younger man's shoulders to drop, "I don't think the world could handle losing Captain America," Peter sighed.
"Hey Gorgeous," he smiled insisting on conveying confidence, Steve needed him to be strong because right now his husband was worried. "So whats up? You know faking a cold won't get you a lollipop here Steve," he ran a reassuring hand up his husband's arm.
Tony tugged the younger man's hand, "Take me to bed," he dropped his head on his husband's shoulder batting his eyes.
Everyone was sitting talking about maybe going on a group outing in the near future. Bruce suggesting they go to the Greek Fair that was coming up. That turned to Tony naming off all his favorite Greek dishes. He then made a big fuss about how Steve hadn't actually cooked him any of his favorite dishes lately, "I'm pretty sure our marriage vows said something about homecooked meals being served to me while you wear nothing but an apron," he recollected.
"Peter maybe you should take a couple hours. I know you're close but maybe that's why you're coming up short,"
Steve looked awed, then swelled with love so great as he examined the armor. It had a silver star in the chest surrounding the arc reactor, the blue faceplate displaying his signature "A" complete with wings, the red and white vertical stripes ran down the suits plated abdomen and as promised there were brown metallic straps which met between the suit's shoulders holstering his beloved, well-worn shield. He pulled the genius into his arms kissing him fully on the lips, tongue darting out to taste into the older man's mouth. "How did I ever get so darn lucky," he breathed, lips still close.
The hatch opened allowing him and Black Widow to jump from it as it self destructed. Firing an arrow into the side of a building just to have some of the debris snap the line throwing them into freefall as he reached for another. All the while Nat was teaching Steve to say "Dobroye utro"
"How long will all of this take do you think," Steve asked before pinching his brow, "I'm tired of being...this," he gestured to his body with barely concealed disgust.
“I thought you two’d share everything,” Tony mutters into his glass, and immediately regrets it because Steve shoots him a confused look.
“Don’t try to play dumb, Stark,” Sam smiles a little. “All of Timely saw or heard your fit last night. You know he was out there for two hours looking for you?”
,” Tony says, blinking quickly. Then he frowns, confused once again. “Well then, who were you gonna take to the festival? Nat and Barnes would never let you show up by yourself.”
“Stark?” Steve’s still standing in the middle of Main Street, from what Tony can tell. Darkness encircles him, except for the small light burning steadfastly from the Danvers’ window. “Tony!”
Tony shakes his head, trying to ignore the bitter taste in his mouth. The square was beginning to fill a little; Stephen, Bruce, and Peter had come. He was surprised at the second man; Bruce didn’t usually come to functions like these.
Tony didn’t get jealous. He just didn’t. He hadn’t been jealous when Pepper had been talking to the Killian fella, he hadn’t been jealous when Steve and Bucky had hung out together more often than he would have liked, hadn’t been jealous when Thor had come to town and stayed with Bruce.
“Last night!” Tony says fiercely. “You said ‘I talked to her about it and she said “Yes, I should take-”.”
The bar is crowded during the nighttime, despite Timely’s small population. Sam Wilson sits on a stool a good few feet away from them, drinking beer from a large mug. He’s talking to the bartender. Tony takes a seat next to him, leaving a few feet of distance. Rogers sits on the other side. Tony buys them both a drink.
“If you’re looking for Rogers, he’s in the fields behind my house,” Carol doesn’t even look at him. Tony nods a quick thanks and almost runs out to Carol’s house. At least, he’s stopped by Natasha.
Supper was when Tony and Steve would go out to the bar and have drinks together, but when he got to the sheriff’s office to call for Steve, Sharon was there again. Apparently she hadn’t moved an inch since noon when he had come around earlier. They were still talking.
“Is he still up there?” Tony glances in the direction of Sam’s house, at the flickering and dying candle in the top window.
Steve pulls away finally, chest heaving and cheeks flushed. “So, right here, huh?” he asks, grinning toothily.
“Are you gonna move, or are you just gonna keep staring?” Tony turns around, and Carol Danvers is closer to his face than he would have preferred.
Steve nearly drops the pistol, but catches it, places it on the floor, and turns to Tony, looking completely and utterly confused. “Me and Sharon Carter?”
“Quit sounding like father,” Wanda countered. She gave a nod to Bucky, taking in the rare sight of him sharply dressed. “Was there a theme of leather and jackets, boys?”
Sam wanted to comfort him, but that wasn’t why he was here, not now. His objective was to get Wanda to open the door. If that failed, at the very least, he needed to get her to talk to him— through the door, through a phone, anything at all. Sam scooted to sit in front of Pietro and took his hand, unsure of how long he should wait before speaking again. Pietro continued to cry and tightened his grip on Sam’s fingers.
She nodded, pulling her knees from under her to stand. “I will go. I-- I just needed you to know, James.”
“Better late than never.” Bucky laced his fingers with the hand Wanda was resting against the bar, drawing her hand up and pressing a kiss to her knuckles as everyone yelled zero.
Clint groaned, crossing his arms over his chest and kicking the floor in defeat. “How is a guy supposed to have fun when his mom is telling him what to do?”
Steve looked perplexed, wondering why Clint was putting so much stress on dessert, but his hunger was more pressing than this curiosity. “In that case, everyone get your food and drinks. Blame Clint for the amount of food you’re expected to consume.”
He stalked towards the elevator to a chorus of whoops from Steve and Bucky, already chattering away about models as if they weren’t from another century. Maybe they were adjusting marginally better than anyone else gave them credit for. He watched them for a moment, fingers lingering on the panel, with their heads together and a phone between them with Honda website open. Natasha caught his eye and winked, a silent exchange that told him all he needed to know.
“JARVIS, disable observation mics,” Tony barked before turning to Sam. “What the hell is he doing? Did you suggest this?”
“Where’s the fun in holidays if I can’t make them extravagant?” Tony laughed as he tapped something on the control panel in the wall. “There. Confetti shower at midnight is set. Consider this your warning.”
If you guys have been following along, you'll know that I planned to be done soon... But I've spent a lot of time ruminating on this fic. It wouldn't be fair not to give all of the characters the plot arcs I've given to Wanda and Nat. So, surprise! I don't know when I'll find this work to be at an end. I guess the best way to know is when all the stories have been told.
“It’s supposed to be something that would never come up during the action, Clint,” Steve supplied. “At no point during a spar would a person start talking about pineapples.”
Bucky’s voice hovered above her, a weight on his words that she couldn’t place. The way words carried so many meanings still threw her, threads she had to follow that twisted in knots with her own and left more questions than answers. Even in knots, she knew the answer, pulling away to nod. “I’d like that.”
“You got all that out of one session?” Clint gritted out, leaning against the door frame with a sigh. “That still doesn’t explain, if you think she would have agreed to the bots, why on EARTH you would suggest that she spar with Barnes! They could kill each other, Sam!”
“Then let’s go find them together,” Steve countered, looping his arm around Tony’s shoulders easily and pulling him along through the parking lot. Rather than dwelling on the affectionate side of Steve that had just come out in public (for more than a few seconds, anyway) Tony matched his stride and went along with the objective of finding everyone else. As it turned out, they were the first ones there— made obvious when Tony cringed at Steve’s side as Clint tore into the parking lot. Now was not the time to lecture on how to drive the Camaro. Wanda waved to them, her hair tumbling loose and free around her marbled dress. The bodycon number looked more like it belonged in Nat’s closet than Wanda’s, but if Clint was the surrogate to the twins, that must have made Natasha one by proxy. Pietro looked like he hadn’t run a brush through his hair in a week, but then again that was every day— at least he had bothered to throw on a steel henley and black pants. Natasha must have managed to coax Clint into his current pairing of black v-neck and jeans, which wasn’t really what Tony had asked for, but at least it had sleeves. With a sigh he joined them, mentally taking note of who was here.
“Let’s go see the kid make us proud,” Steve agreed, swallowing his other comments roughly before he got into a conversation he wasn’t ready to walk into so blindly. He exited the car quicker than Tony could, striding to the driver’s side in easy steps to open the door. Stark gave him a quizzical look before hopping out and bumping Steve’s hip with his own.
“Not even for Peter?” Sam snickered as he let go of Pietro’s arm to raid the bar. “Anyone else need anything?”
Nat realized she hadn’t thought that far, and that Wanda probably didn’t care if they went to Saks off Fifth or if they went to Bergdorf Goodman.
“It’s a perfectly valid suggestion,” Steve huffed, looking no less excited than he had before the faux-mockery. “And I haven’t heard any objections!”
“What am I supposed to do?!” Wanda’s grip on her mug tightened as her eyes flashed red. Clint laid his hand over her grip, a warning to keep herself in check. “You all got to keep up,” she said with a sigh. “I am behind. I only wish to be better-- stronger, and in control.”
The doors opened to the garaged, everyone else assembled around the assortment of vehicles. Bucky made a beeline for his bike, seeming to pick up on the tension surrounding Tony.
Usually this would be the moment that Wanda would snap off some sort of comment to keep her twin brother in line. Tony waited a moment, expecting her to fill the gap, only to find her covering her mouth in an effort to poorly shroud her giggles. Today, apparently, he had two (well-dressed) pains in his ass to deal with instead of the standard solo perpetrator. Wasn’t it just fitting, considering they hardly acted like twins lately, for them to join forces in order to mock him. Thoroughly exasperated, he turned to Clint and tossed him a pair of keys. “Take your prodigies and get going. Natasha, are you going with them?”
Tony sighed, pulling a hand through his hair as he shook his head. “I’d love nothing more, but I think someone needs to check in on Natasha. Barnes is out, Clint wants nothing to do with her right now, and Sam is tapped. I’m up to bat.”
“Same thing I always get,” Clint noted as he pointed to toward the bottom of the menu. “Cheese Grits Breakfast Platter. Oh, and some of the pop tarts.”
“I was just coming to see if— NOT THAT. I WAS NOT COMING TO SEE IF YOU WERE NAKED, FOR GOD’S SAKE I—” Tony put his hand over his eyes, leaning on the door frame and trying not to call this entire morning a wash.
“Come inside before you start to frost!” Steve shouted as he pulled his phone from his pocket, frowning at the time. “Why is everyone always late? We told them 7.”
Time to start wrapping up some lose ends before we get too close the end of this fic. This is on the shorter side, but I promise, it is a rewarding chapter. <3 Thanks for reading. As always, thank you to h34rt1lly for being my beta, my sounding board, and my friend.
The laughter waned as she slouched a bit, nodding in response. “I go every other day. We have made… progress, so he says.”
Steve couldn’t help but laugh, clinking his water with Tony’s glass and tipping it back in a show of support. Tony had tittered about the party late into the night, wondering what constituted as the perfect festive outfit for the occasion. Steve had indulged him, folding himself into an armchair and sketching Tony in various outfits as his boyfriend tore apart the closet.
Merry Christmas to all! This was a little sooner than I had planned to update, but here's some cheer during this holiday season. A HUGE thank you for the hits, comments, kudos, and bookmarks so far. I mean it, from the bottom of my heart.
Bucky quirked an eyebrow, now interested in whatever this request might be— it seemed like everyone had expectations of both he and Wanda for today. “What, are you going to ask me to lose?”
“But is she ready for them?” Clint frowned, crossing his arms as he listened to Bruce’s explanation. “She hasn’t even been willing to use her powers since Lagos…”
“Fleur Poivrée Acorelle,” Wanda answered absently, her hair loose and curled, already ruffled by the wind. “It reminded me of home.”
“That’ll be about 20 minutes.” In a flash of teeth and blonde hair, she was off, moving on to the next table.
Bruce shook his head, pushing back from the table to gather a green smoothie and a bowl of granola. “Not ignoring it,” he called as he poured some almond milk into the bowl. “I’m just thinking I’d have to want a partner to have that concern.”
“You drive a hard bargain,” Tony hedged as he laced his fingers in Steve’s and let himself be led to bed.
A new stream of tears had already started to streak down Pietro’s face as he sat up, staring forlornly at Wanda’s door. “All she does is cry. It hurts— god, Sam, it hurts. I don’t need her power… I feel everything she does. But she will not talk. She doesn’t open the door.” His accent was more pronounced than ever, throat grated raw from his own sobs.
“Please ask if you have any questions. We’ve taken the liberty of clearing this floor for you two for the next two hours— if this is not sufficient, come find me.” The consultant gestured to the desk in the middle of the room, complete with a nameplate reading ‘Geoff’ sitting proudly in the middle. “I’ll be at the desk.”
“Open! This is a casual event with friends and you’re a kid!” Tony corrected as he consulted with Elijah for approval.
“You know, all things considered, you’re older than me,” Steve argued as his face flared with a blush. “I was frozen!”
There was no response from inside the room, as he’d expected. That was fine. He didn’t have anywhere else to be. Instead of begging her to open the door, Sam decided on a different tactic.
To say that Bucky was skeptical about this whole “personal shopper” experience was an understatement. When Steve had called him the day after Christmas, Tony hollering in the background, he had only said yes to make Tony stop yelling. Well, and maybe just a bit of curiosity as to how the hell someone else was supposed to buy him clothes without him ever leaving the tower. But it was tourist season in New York City, and everyone was avoiding the public until it died down. Something about PR, which might have made sense to someone, but left Bucky just rolling his eyes and ordering in a lot of pizza.
Bucky could hear Wanda humming along beside him, her fingers tapping on the floor space between them as the song carried on.
“I have not forgotten,” Wanda murmured as she turned her attention back to the lights. “I only wish the lights did not snuff out the view of the stars.”
“Bucky, you’re about to be voted off of the gift-giving team,” Steve stretched and stole a handful of popcorn from his place beside Tony, pointing an accusatory finger.
“We’re going to get some coffee,” Wanda announced as she emerged from her room with Natasha. “We will return with some for you as well, yes?”
Bucky wondered internally, refusing to break eye contact. She didn’t speak, only nodding in answer to his question, waving her hand to indicate that he needed to keep listening. Letting go of the thought that she had probably probed his mind, he continued to listen.
Sam cleared his throat and gestured to Tony. “Stark, I know you brought a camera, why don’t we get some pictures?”
“But you didn’t, Wanda,” Bucky croaked. “I knew what I was doing. I knew you wouldn’t kill me. I just wanted you to fight back. I used to do the same to Natasha, in the Red Room— and it worked then, too. I’m sorry if I hurt you.”
Peter flushed and rubbed the back of his neck, not used to the attention being on him. “Uh, probably me, right?”
Peter and Bruce exchanged a look as Bucky retreated to the elevator, raising a hand  to them before the doors closed, signaling his departure from the conversation. Everything from  this point on was resting on Pietro and Clint’s approval, and Wanda’s agreement. It sounded simple on paper, but neither of them were naive enough to believe that the work anywhere near complete.
“Just happy to see you upright.” His tone was soft, hand scratching at his facial hair as she waved him off. “I’ll make that call.”
“Are you playing bartender?” Clint asked with interest, following Sam. “I’m sure no one will let me touch the food until we’re all ready, so let’s see your skills.”
Tony rubbed his forehead, unable to come up with a better suggestion nor a reason not to get the aforementioned one. Reflecting on Steve’s excitement was enough to sway him, though. If the gift-giver was already that excited, he could only imagine how the utterly unsuspecting giftee would react. That factor aside, this was a great distraction from his secretive planning that had been underway. Stark threw up his hands in a show of surrender, looking at Steve as he sighed.
She squeezed his hand, eyes dropping to their linked fingers, before shaking her head. “Perhaps we should not talk now. Showing you-- it leaves me very tired, when I project. Please take some time, James. I just needed you to know.”
“Nonsense, Barnes,” Natasha laughed, sweeping an arm around the room. “I can tell Elijah got to the rest of you, if I know Tony.” Her hair was curled, pulled into a high ponytail that left the ends barely brushing her shoulders. It was the longest she’d had it in years, yet still nothing compared to when Nat had met Tony.
Steve didn’t question Tony, nor did he argue further, giving up with an eyeroll and a kiss pressed to the top of Tony’s head. “You’re very lucky I love you,” he muttered into Tony’s hair. “Now where on earth are the girls?”
“GET OUT. ALL OF YOU, GET OUT!” Wanda cried, sobbing as she sunk to her knees. “Coffee, coffee, coffee!”
“Why do you think they hid their plans from you?” he asked bluntly, leaning back to watch her. “It can’t be just because they thought you’d reject them, right?”
“I’m sorry, what?!” Bucky shouted in disbelief. “Isn’t this already hard enough for you and Clint? And for Nat? God, you want me to piss her off during her first spar with a teammate since Lagos?!”
“Where the hell is Steve?” Tony could feel his blood pressure rising by the minute. Why did this have to be such a disaster? Probably because it could not be a day in the life Tony Stark without someone challenging him. Not that he was going to admit that to Natasha, or anyone else on the team— talk about satisfaction he wasn’t willing to give.
“Are you buying a jacket for a party that only the team is attending?” Steve still didn’t really understand frivolous spending, not even after this many years of seeing it for himself. Tony curled his lip in response, already on the phone and holding up a finger to ask Steve to hold on. “That was a rhetorical question, apparently,” Steve snorted as he resumed his sketch.
Sam opened the door to his office and let Wanda enter first, waiting for her to get settled before he sat down. The office wasn’t huge, but it was big enough for single or couple sessions— something the team needed. The walls were painted a soft blue and paired with cream molding, with one wall having the staple city-view windows of the Stark Tower. Wanda cautiously perched on the love-seat, Sam held up a finger and left the room to hold on before returning with bottles of water and orange juice. He put them on the table between them before taking the wingback chair opposite of her.
“You aren’t. I don’t even know what needs to discussed. Right now, I just need some time to figure that out. Can’t you guys go get coffee or something?”
“One of these days you’ll call me Tony,” Stark laughed as he kept his arm around Peter’s shoulders and guided him towards the rest of the team. “Thank you for having me. For having the whole team, actually— we’re all happy to be here.”
The usual sounds of silverware being dropped, heels clicking on the floor, and people arguing over who got the last of what replaced any grumbling Steve might have had left about how late it was. Tony had a point, they had no end time, and no one needed to drive home. “Are we going to play games?” Steve prompted Tony curiously.
Natasha headed for the nearest wall, eying the lighted displays suspended there with interest. “Do you know what you’re looking for, Wanda?”
Bruce walked in just in time to see Sam spraying whipped cream at Clint, stalling in the open doors as he wondered whether or not it was too late to turn back and spend the evening on his own floor. The shirt he had pulled on wasn’t pressed or steamed, the blue plaid slightly rumpled from being shoved too far back in the closet,  paired with jeans and a sport coat in some effort to look like he knew what he was doing.
Pietro scratched his head as he turned over the menu, puzzling out what he wanted. “What are you getting, Wanda?” His voice grated with lack of sleep. “Clint?”
Tony nudged a takeout cup across the table, chewing a bite of his breakfast burrito. “I could never be tired of looking at the tight uniform,” he countered. “But I did think you might be getting tired of Jarvis as your constant companion.”
“I promise you,” Sam whispered, pulling Pietro in for a hug, “I will get her to open the door. But to do that, I need you to go get some sleep, in a real bed. Let me sit out here and talk to her, even through the door, until she talks back. Can you do that for me?”
“I don’t regret our spar,” Bucky insisted, as he did every time it came up. “You wouldn’t have hurt me.”
“Five minutes!” Peter whooped, pointing at the clock with glee. “We have to do a countdown, come on Tony!”
Wanda didn’t answer, eyes tracing the highs and lows in the skyline. “Could I show you a song?” Her voice caught on the last syllable, revealing her nerves. “I know you have your music on. If you do not wish for me to change it, I--”
“Of course I can,” Tony smirked as he produced a camera from his pocket. “I figured I would need this. Turns out I was right.”
Nervous didn’t even begin to cover how Peter felt today. Sitting on stage in his cap and gown, all royal blue and looking exactly like everyone else, didn’t really make him nervous. If you had asked him yesterday, before the rehearsal, his tune would have been different— but today, it was all just surreal. Since he had become Spider-Man, everything moved at different speeds and intervals around him. The classroom wasn’t where he felt like he should be, even with a 3.9 GPA and Aunt May’s shining pride. He glanced at the assembled parents and guests, looking for Mister Stark. He spotted him, nestled in the back row and looking almost as discreet as he probably thought he was being. Discreet or not, Peter couldn’t miss him— nor did he miss the other assembled members of the team as he tried to keep his face calm and placid. It looked like everyone had come out to join Mister Stark, but… why? It was just a day, just closing this chapter of his life so he could move on and embrace his purpose, exercise the great responsibility he had felt weighing ever since he put on the suit.
Steve looked infinitely grateful for the door frame to hold him up, nearly collapsing as his face flushed and he coughed, feigning laughter and avoiding Tony’s (presumably) scowling expression. If he had looked up, he might have been surprised to see that there wasn’t a scowl at all. Tony held Bucky’s gaze, not missing a beat, and gave him a thumbs up.
“Careful, I can override that programmed sass,” Tony noted dryly. “Don’t have kids, Brucie. They back talk.”
“Then it’s decided!” Tony had clapped with enthusiasm, raising his glass of scotch sloppily in haste to seal the deal. “To a New Year’s party we will never forget.”
“I love it,” Wanda whispered, looking at her reflection with wide eyes as she smoothed her hands over the fabric.
Steve hit him with a throw pillow and turned his attention back to the hall, catching Tony coming back out in his outfit. A gold brocade suit jacket, black jeans, and a black shirt with white sneakers that looked entirely too expensive for no stand-out features.
Hello again, readers! I hope you guys have been enjoying the frequent updates this summer. It's been great for me to be able to sit down and do some serious work on this story. Thank you to h34rt1lly for being my beta. :*
Clint hopped up from his seat, tossing his plate as he went to meet the elevator. Happy was pushing in a large box on a cargo cart, causing everyone to mutter and gather to examine the size of it. “Jarvis, can we get some tunes?”
“What does my lack of sleeves have to do with whether or not I give a damn, exactly?” Clint called from the other side of the door.
Before Peter could gather his thoughts for a response, Bucky yelled for them to stow the bots. He didn’t know how much time had passed, but the other bots were disabled  alongside the first. Bruce nodded before tapping the controls to suspend the arc reactors from feeding energy to the bots. Peter followed Bruce into the elevator, descending to the main sparring area so that they could speak to Bucky about the session. He was surprised to see his teammate soaked in sweat, although he was amused by the pieces of Bucky’s bun that had been dislodged and hanging around his face. Bruce and Peter both dropped to sit beside him on the mat, waiting for his verdict on the validity of their project.
“It’s been awhile since he’s visited,” Clint waved the menu as he spoke, catching the waitress's attention. “I’m not scared of the Prince of Asgard anyway. He’s a puppy.”
Bruce always ate his breakfast in the lab. The common floor had been increasingly busy lately, leaving him to seek solace in the one place he knew was his. Sure, he had his own floor, but it felt like a facade. Tony had quietly added a kitchen space between their two halves of the lab, likely at the prodding of Jarvis, years ago. The addition had felt like a promise-- of safety, and trust.
“I don’t want to go out. What part of my current situation made you think that I would?” Nat snapped, pushing up on her elbows to glare at Tony. “You want me to go enjoy myself and pretend that I’m fine? Are you insane?”
Steve had followed Tony down to the garage without complaint, snickering with Bucky all the way down like they had some sort of secret.
There must have been some mechanism that made the cake split in half from the inside, opening up enough for Scott to nearly fall out, revealing that he was wearing nothing but a rather garish reindeer speedo. He was dancing awkwardly, trying to hold back laughter, and pointing at Clint. “Did someone order the entertainment package?”
Tony was suspiciously silent, his mouth set in a hard line as he stood between Bruce and Steve. “JARVIS, activate the mics and speakers.”
Pietro and Sam were tucked into the couch, observing the party shenanigans with glee. One too many rounds of Heads Up, ending when Clint had the unfortunate thought to pick Classic Rock as the category (promptly being demolished by Tony), had left them begging off of games in favor of taking in the atmosphere. Clint was poking at the table, debating on if another chicken wing was really worth the inevitable indigestion, as Nat shooed him away. Although Sam had kept a cautionary eye on their interactions, as it turned out, they were just fine— awkward, but fine. Bruce was outside, taking a breather from all the noise, but leaning against the sliding door to participate in the count all the same.
“You’re right,” Sam agreed, looking out the window, “but he was, if you ask him. Do you remember List recruiting you to HYDRA?”
“They’re durable and challenging. I know you guys will adjust them, but as it sits, I think they’re working without error and as intended. When Pietro gives you the go-ahead to show them to Wanda, they’ll be ready for her.” Bucky stood and helped the pair to their feet before casting a glance back at the bots. “I think you’ve got a good thing here. But convincing her of that is a whole other battle.”
Metal fingers trailed from her shoulder, settling on her hand as an offering. With a twist of her wrist, they were palm to palm, walking through the door in one smooth step. Once inside, she felt heavier, as though the deck had been another realm they had resided in for mere moments.
Wanda hadn’t left her room since the incident in the kitchen with Clint. Three days had passed since then, and Natasha couldn’t stand the environment inside their apartment anymore. Clint had only come home to sleep, making a point to ensure Wanda wasn’t out and about before he did. At any other moment, he was camped in the Tower’s shooting range, never missing a target but feeling no satisfaction in it. Pietro had been sleeping in the hall, his pillow firmly in front of Wanda’s door, as though if he were just there his sister may come around. There was no mistaking the sobbing coming from inside her room, and Nat was exhausted from lack of sleep, spending all night staring at Pietro’s sleeping form and listening to his sister’s sobs. She didn’t have any alternatives left, and she knew there was a risk that Wanda would ever speak to her again for what she was about to do. Still, it seemed like the only way to snap her out of her slump. Stepping out onto the balcony, Nat closed the door before pulling out her phone and dialing the only person amongst the team who might be able to piece Wanda back together.
Wanda only nodded, ignoring Sam’s hand but following him anyway. She didn’t say a word on the walk to his office, only clutched a blanket around her shoulders as she shivered.
“Could I please have the Jalapeno Biscuit Scramble with extra jalapenos?” Wanda asked softly, sliding her menu to Clint and picking her coffee back up to avoid eye contact.
“They were tragic, Wanda.” Natasha’s answer startled Pietro. That wasn’t the point of this, true or not.
Peter flushed and rubbed the back of his neck, averting his eyes from Bucky’s. “I wanted to make sure they could withstand a wide variety of damage, to make sure we were making mechanical and systemic maintenance checks instead of exterior ones. Dr. Banner had all the original work on these, I just helped out.”
“It would appear so,” Sam agreed as he waved her over. “Come get a drink, ladies. I bar-tended in college.”
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Sam swore under his breath. Wanda had obviously already told him (or maybe Pietro had) about his proposal to have her train with Bucky. He had wanted at least another hour of peace to enjoy some coffee before this came up, but here they were, and Clint’s posture left no room for negotiating the timing of this discuss. “You know, generally speaking, it’s polite to knock on the door of a therapist’s office. I could have been in the middle of a session man—”
“WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON DOWN THERE?” Bucky’s voice thundered from somewhere closer to the elevator.
“Natasha? What’s wrong?” The tired voice on the other end of the line sounded half asleep, but she didn’t know what else to do.
Several glasses of scotch in, Tony laughed, slinging an arm around Peter’s shoulder without dropping his other hand from it’s position around Steve’s waist. “Yeah, yeah, we’ll do the count. C’mere you two!” He jabbed a finger into Steve’s ribs, fully aware that it probably felt like nothing more than a spot of pressure. “Get your phone, Steve, we need a commemorative selfie!”
Suddenly one hundred people didn’t seem like that many, and all the of the assembled support in the stadium seating surrounding the football field seemed that much bigger with their eyes all trained on the stage. Peter rubbed his neck, trying to ignore the flush of color to his face as the applause echoed. He couldn’t help glancing up at the assembled Avengers, only to be amazed that they were standing up and stomping their feet louder (or so it seemed) than anyone else. Aunt May, closer to the first row, was wiping her eyes and waving with her own unmatched look of pride. The flushed feeling now reached all the way to his ears, and Peter ducked his head with a coy smile. How had he gone from just a nobody kid from Queens to having this support system, this…family?
“Why did you want to show me?” Bucky’s tone came out icier than he had intended. Rubbing his thumb over Wanda’s knuckles, he backpedals, searching for a correction. “It was a beautiful song, Wanda. What I mean is… Why me?”
First off, if you've been subscribed and waiting for me to update this fic, I apologize. I am a full time university student, and school unfortunately has to come first. I suffered from a lot of writer's block during my last semester, but now that I've wrapped it up, I'm back to writing more than ever. I want to thank anyone who's left comments, given kudos, and read up to this point. You guys are awesome!
“You look like you just modeled for an Express magazine!” Peter chortled, falling to the floor in a fit of laughter at Clint’s feet.
Watching a classmate cross the stage, he realized diplomas were being dispersed. How long had he zoned out for? It didn’t matter, because O was dangerously close to P, and that meant—
“Alright then. Remember the rules— no serious injuries, JARVIS and I have the ability to put up barriers to contain you if you’re getting out of hand; don’t break each other, don’t break my tower. Begin whenever you’re ready.”
“Stop apologizing!” The cry was sharp. “I’m tired of this! Of being breakable! That is not all I am. But you… you, James, are so much stronger. Fearless, strong, and full of grace. All of the things I want to be, and have not become. I am weighed by my past, James.”
Pietro put his head in his hands, elbows braced against the counter as he took a breath. This isn’t what she was supposed to hear. He and Clint, maybe even Natasha, were supposed to ease her into this. She was supposed to hear about the bots, not her downfalls. She wasn’t supposed to look so angry, stricken with his criticisms. He didn’t need her power to feel the pain of betrayal coming off of her in waves, clenching his heart as he searched for his next words.
Clint had been gallantly on board, provided there would be “plenty of booze and games” at the party. Sam and Pietro had exchanged a shrug before resuming their conversation, while Wanda had raised an eyebrow and waved her consent. Steve hadn’t missed Nat’s uncomfortable shift in her seat as she studied her plate before declaring that this was an excuse for everyone to dress up. It had felt so close to her old self that it almost could have convinced Steve that the last three months hadn’t happened at all. Peter, predictably, was ecstatic to spend his first large holiday shindig with the team. Bruce had tried several out routes, ending in Tony throwing a dinner roll at him and declaring attendance mandatory. Bucky nudged Steve and winked, looking mischievous about some comment or another that had sparked plotting in his mind.
“The functionality patterns have been programmed by Peter and I based on sparring sessions we’ve studied with James, Pietro, and Steve,” Bruce explained. “The structures are complete, the arc reactor power is functioning on the same level as Tony’s suits. We did a session with James this morning, and it looks like they’re ready for her—”
“They’re nothing like Ultron!” Peter shouted, nearly knocking over his chair as he stood up in indigence. “Dr. Banner and I didn’t spend this much time on something that could hurt anyone! We did this for you, Wanda, and if you don’t care about it, fine. But don’t insult the work we’ve done by comparing it to Ultron!”
Wanda was keeping pace with Bucky now, chasing his intricate patterns around the room with eyes blazing. “You think I am no threat?”
Sam stood to match Clint’s height, holding his hands up palms-out in a show of truce. “You asked, so let me explain this. I didn’t just walk into Wanda’s room and suggest that she go blasting Barnes off the roof of the tower to vent her frustrations. I talked to her first, and though I can’t disclose everything we talked about, I can tell you that she explained to me how she felt. Hell, I’ll even let you in on the fact that she feels like the entire team has been tiptoeing around her like she’s a fragile child. She may be damaged, but which one of us isn’t? She’s still capable of making her own decisions. I’d go as far as to say that I think if you and Pietro had proposed the bots to her, followed by speaking to Bruce and Peter herself, the whole thing could have been avoided.”
“You don’t need a suit to help people,” Bruce agreed quietly, dropping his hand to tuck it into his pocket, “but I hope you know that you, Peter Parker, do plenty of things that matter— in and out of that suit.”
“I think it only got harder for you. I was in the military, Wanda, and I’ve killed my fair share. I’ve caused people to die, acting on orders from my superior, when I knew it felt wrong. I’ve seen accidents. I watched my best friend die in front of me. You may have something that many military personnel suffer from, among others— Post-traumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD for short. It’s treatable, but I’d need more sessions to diagnose it. But you may also have something much more simple: regret. It could be a lot of things, Wanda, but at the end of the day you have to stop blaming yourself. You did what you could. I was there, in Lagos, you know. You were a kid! You made a mistake. You’ve felt remorse, and regret, and struggled with it ever since. But how does damning yourself bring any of those people back?”
“That’s the Stevie I remember,” Bucky breathed, attempting to speak through his laughter. “He’s more of a troublemaker than you think, Stark.”
Natasha shrugged, putting down her coffee with a look that he couldn’t place. “I don’t know. I can go look for him, and make sure he is appropriately dress—”
He barely caught sight of Wanda’s flush before the lights went out and he was covered in confetti— complete with glitter. “STARK!”
“That is not the point at hand,” Pietro waved off the comment and looked between the two older men. “The point is that she wants to do this. She agreed to do this, and yet you doubt her?”
Tony tossed a towel in Scott’s direction, pointing at the reindeer. “Cover up, there’s a child here!”
“I never killed him in the Red Room,” Natasha noted. “She’ll break the lights before she does a damn thing to him.”
Pietro passed Natasha in the hall, pausing to study her face before she jerked a thumb over her shoulder toward Clint. “Go talk to him.”
He waved goodbye as Wanda stepped out of the elevator, fixated on the many shades of red he had been surrounded by. This one was new.
“Bots?” Wanda spat, looking disgusted at the word. “You want me to practice my power on another Ultron?”
“I don’t do a damn thing out of obligation.” Bucky reached for her hand, his metal fingers catching the floodlights as they neared the doors. “Let’s talk.”
I promise answers are coming, and I'm already working on the next chapter. For now, leave drop me a comment with any speculations on what may happen with Nat! ;)
“I know the risks!” Pietro shouted back. “But understand what I’m saying— Wanda is so terrified that she will lose control, right? I need you to push her there, because she would never hurt you. She wouldn’t hurt any of us. If she is pushed to the edge in a controlled space, she will learn to recognize the cues of when she’s close to losing her grip—”
“You’re lucky he has better fashion sense than you do, Barnes,” Stark deadpanned. “Otherwise you’d be wearing a silk shirt— and cuff links.” Without another word, he strode down the hall, wondering if there would be any more disasters that would prevent him from getting himself ready. Of course, it’s always a good rule of thumb not to question when things are going right.
“I take it you found a way to get your jacket?” Steve tossed the sketch book onto the couch as he stood to stretch. “You can finish your plans later. Bed.”
“Tony Stark’s personal stylist, when he bothers to call me last minute to solve all of his problems,” Elijah answered as he held up two different pairs of shoes for Tony to deliberate between. “It would appear for this situation, I’m also here to style the entire Avengers team.”
“WILSON, HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FUCKING MIND?” Clint howled as he threw open the door to Sam’s office. “That is the only feasible reason that you would suggest something that could get a fellow teammate severely injured, when we have a perfectly logical alternative!”
Aunt May didn’t need much encouragement, being closest to the field and the only blood relative Peter had left. She was the first set of arms to wrap him in a hug, wiping mascara and tears onto his shoulder as she wept.
She breathed out heavily, rolling to the other side of the bed with the blanket clutched to her chest.
Антонина Иванов. Виктория Михайлов. Диана Соколов. These are simply a string of fictional names I pulled from Russian first names combined with surnames.
Feet swinging over the edge of the balcony, arms hooked over the railing, and a priceless view of New York City at eighty floors up, Bucky couldn’t complain about living in the Tower with nights like this. It was peaceful, Jarvis playing music through the exterior bluetooth speakers, and nothing to do but look at the lights. Manhattan had perks that Brooklyn didn’t.
“He insinuated that I could only make martinis!” Sam howled from behind the bar, still armed with a can of whipped cream. “How am I supposed to let that slide?!”
“Apparently he’s long-standing,” Steve noted as he pinched the bridge of his nose. “I did not sign up for this.”
Hey all! This chapter is the band-aid I offer after what I did in my last two. I promise, there's a purpose to everything, just hang in there. If you're still following along, I want to say thank you.
“It was on clearance!” Scott protested, stopping his dance as the song faded out from the speakers. “Alright, Barton. Bet fulfilled.”
“Yes, I told Wanda she needs to plan for 3-7 days off. It depends on how our reconfigurations go with the fight patterns.”
“Please, let me take your coats,” he offered as Happy stepped into the elevator behind them. “Your coat as well, sir?” the man prompted Happy.
“Wanda,” Clint was stacking his plates, fidgeting with them and not looking at her. “Have you still been going to Sam?”
“This is why we made her bots,” Bruce commented quietly, pressing his forehead to the glass as Wanda entered the sparring room with Bucky.
Peter was bolting across the room, tugging Bruce inside and shutting the door with glee. Bruce couldn’t turn him down, giving him a small smile and looking around suspiciously.
“We don’t have to talk about everything, Wanda. Right now, can just tell me what’s happened since you found out about the bots?”
He couldn’t help his eyes fluttering open, meeting Wanda’s to see the tears that were stuck in her lashes, no longer humming.
“I’m restricting your lecturing mode for the evening,” Tony noted as he rolled his eyes and went to the bar in search of a glass. “I don’t need to wait for them to have a drink. Bucky?”
“I must need hearing aids, because I could not have possibly just heard Captain America suggest we give a teenager a potentially dangerous vehicle.”
She didn’t answer at first, turning to clutch his shirt as she sobbed. Clint looked over the top of Wanda’s head to Bucky, seeing faint burn-like marks around his throat. Medical was going to have a field day if he had to haul Barnes down there like this, but with any luck, the serum would ward that off.
When he knocked on the penthouse door (the only other floor that seemed to have a vestibule similar to his own) later that day, Bucky hadn’t expected Peter to fling open the door and usher him to the couch. Steve gave a defeated shrug of his shoulders, eying Tony as he and a short man with tattoos picked through a standing rack of clothes that Bucky couldn’t discern the origin of. Settling into the couch between Steve and Clint, Bucky had a vantage point for the impromptu fashion show that was going on with Tony in the middle of the room. “What’s the deal,” Bucky mock-whispered to Steve, “with this situation?”
Bucky waved his other arm, offering her a hug. It was the least he could do right now, with the weight between them. Maybe she was right. He didn’t know what to think, let alone what to say-- what good would talking do now? “I can still hug you goodbye, can’t I?”
“Well,” Bruce noted as he gave in to Tony’s gesturing and came out of the elevator, “it is the team. Seemed safe enough.” He couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow and point at Clint, now wiping whipped cream off of his nose and looking very much like a man plotting revenge. “Although I’m now left questioning that safety bit.”
“Is your weapon alright?” Bruce called as they approached, giving Sam plenty of time to stow it or announce a fault before they got too close.
“You signed up to date him,” Pete pointed out as he flopped on the floor with his back against Steve’s legs. “I think that means you have to deal with the extras.”
“I’m eighteen!” Peter protested, eyes glued to the ceiling. “But I don’t think anyone wants to see that again.”
Bucky took a breath, steeling himself for the exchange of energy, before nodding  in consent. Wanda brought her fingertips to his temples, pressing gently to allow him to see. He had expected pain, searing fear, and depression. None of that met him at her touch-- only images, soft focus, things that hadn’t happened.
She didn’t have time to finish her thought. The top of the box flew open, startling everyone enjoy to jump back a step as the rest of the box fell away… to reveal a large cake. With Scott Lang’s head sticking out of it.
Steve was the first one to break rank as the pair approached, pulling Peter into a firm hug. Bucky nodded to Peter before giving him an awkward one-armed hug and a pat on the shoulder.
“You are not subtle.” Pietro was dumping the packet of sugar Clint had tossed at him, the third for his cup, much to Wanda’s dismayed expression. “Is this a family meeting?”
“I gathered that much,” he agreed as he opened his own bottle of juice. “I’m going to need a little more information to go off of if I’m going to help. You should drink that— it’s orange juice, and therefore the best source of nutrients on the face of this earth.”
Tony studied her face, half-hidden by stray pieces of hair that had dislodged from her bun, to survey the damage. Dark circles, heavy lids, and a pall across her skin that showed she hadn’t been upright to wash her face in days. He shook her foot, gaining only an eyeroll. “Come on. Let me take you out. You might feel better.”
“He checks on you because he cares, Nat,” Tony said gently as he put a hand on her blanket-encased leg. “You don’t have to let him in, but if you do, you have to at least hear him out. Barnes has been where you are.”
“The interior frame is similar to the way Tony constructed the Iron Man suits, but I decided to go with titanium rather than steel like he did. It keeps it light, and since these don’t need to sustain the same kind of impact damage, it just made more sense. The exterior is made with the material NASA developed for the exterior of the space shuttles, but is enhanced with ceramic alloys to keep it even more durable. Actually, the ceramic alloy enhancement was Peter’s suggestion.”
The man that Tony was referring to as Elijah turned out to be the tattooed one Bucky had noted upon entry, and it didn’t make him any less uncomfortable. “Elijah, you are…?”
“Does it meet your approval, Mother Hen?” Bucky nudged Stark and nodded to the jacket. “The clothing, Stark. Not the super soldier.”
Minutes later, at 7:30, Wanda and Natasha emerged from the elevator together. Clint couldn’t help but smile at the sight of them, together for the first time in months (that he knew of) and looking relaxed.
Stark huffed and proceeded on his mission towards the elevator, trying to get back to his own floor so he could get himself ready instead of playing handmaiden to a bunch of genetically gifted (or enhanced) overgrown toddlers. Coulson’s mother hen tendencies and endless patience would have come in handy today, he mused to himself.
Rubbing the back of his neck, Peter held Bruce’s eyes with disbelief. “I just wanted to do something that mattered. Something that would help people, without a suit. This is to help Wanda.”
“Bucky didn’t have a choice, but he was told the same things you were. HYDRA always tells the same stories, Wanda. Do you know who else thought they chose the right side?” Sam waited for her answer, but she merely shook her head, unable to speak to him. “Someone else you know very well-- Natasha. Has she ever told you about the Red Room?”
They spent forty minutes surveying the racks, pulling things out to tote to the dressing room (with no piece limit to hinder their pursuits) until Natasha felt satisfied that the options in the store were exhausted. The first few things Wanda tried on— a pink skirt with a white chiffon top, a yellow floor-length gown, a green dress with a long train— were all immediately shot down. Wanda looked uncomfortable, shutting the door with a sigh after the third dress.
“And you thought I couldn’t hear that?” Bucky gestured to his phone, confused by her line of thought. “The song.”
He glanced at Tony as they wove through the streets with ease (fast cars didn’t struggle through traffic, and Tony Stark had no patience for it), reflecting on how different he had become in the last two years. Pepper leaving him had been the start of a certain kind of self-awareness that didn’t seem to be there before. Beyond that, something seemed to have evolved as Tony aged— he seemed to have adopted more paternal traits than he would ever admit. This had been apparent ever since Peter Parker came into the picture, along with all the stumbling sentences and struggling circumstances that came with him.
“Let her come.” Bucky swung his feet, chin resting on the railing now as the breeze blew his hair out of his face. “I don’t mind the company.”
The sound of shattering filled the speakers of the observation deck, turning everyone’s attention back to Wanda. Stretches of red were all they could see, the room devoid of the previous light sources— and then they saw it.
“Probably on their way Tony, now get dressed,” Elijah huffed in exasperation. “I have to make sure you won’t make a fool of yourself, since you pay me for that.”
“I lost a bet!” Scott said mournfully, pointing a finger at Clint. “Never, ever, try to tell this guy you can beat his aim. He’s ruthless!”
Clint had done her the courtesy of letting her know he’d be at Tony’s personal shopper meet up, and Natasha had promptly declined Tony’s invite, citing her plans with Wanda as reason enough. Things were less strained overall, but she knew that whole situation was fragile. Truth be told, Wanda’s acceptance had shocked her— they were never fraught, as far as Wanda had led on, but she felt a certain responsibility for breaking apart the first stable place the twins had to call home after Ultron. Pietro wasn’t going out of his way to speak to her, but had seemed neutral at dinner a few nights before.
“I absolutely could not possibly, in any way shape or form, have cared less if you were hosting Odin himself in your office right now. Stop trying to change the subject and tell me what the hell you were thinking.”
She bit her lip, her eyes evading his fixed gaze upon her. Sam noted that she wasn’t looking at anything-- just through it, in the same way Bucky used to when they would talk about his conditioning through Hydra. “Because he is not a monster, Sam.”
“Can anyone get dressed around here without my supervision?!” Tony thundered, slamming yet another bedroom door that he had left in the last hour. “Honestly, people, this is a very simple request— look like you give a damn and blend in!”
“I’m so proud of you. Your mom, your dad, Uncle Ben… Peter, they would be proud of you too,” May whispered, stroking his hair for a moment before pulling away and wiping her eyes. The team was at the bottom of the stairs, motioning from behind her that they would meet him in a minute before the majority walked towards the other end of the field. Only Tony stayed, hands in the pockets of his jeans as he waited patiently.
“Face mask?” She snorted at that, pulling her knees to her chest and letting the blanket fall to the wayside. “Only if you’re getting one too, Stark.”
“You can’t go wrong with a sniper rifle,” Bucky had offered as he flicked popcorn in the general direction of Clint’s dog, Lucky.
“Those extra jalapenos don’t measure up to seven kinds of peppers, do they?” Pietro elbowed Wanda as he reached for one of the coffee pots.
“Did List, or Von Stucker, truly give you a choice? Or did they manipulate you into thinking you and Pietro were doing the right thing, fighting for the right team?”
Once the matter of (implied) discussion had made the rounds, the planning stage went into effect. Clint and Sam had capitalized on handling the catering, of course on the Stark credit card, leaving Tony utterly clueless regarding what was being served. Natasha and Wanda overtook the decorating, somehow coaxing Bruce’s perplexed assistance, and Pietro’s chorus of opinions without any actual offers for help. This left Steve, Tony, and Bucky to sort out gifts— the one thing Tony had a specific idea about. He had let the entire team in on the fact that he his own gifting agenda, but had recruited the ‘old men’ for their collective opinions about a timeless cover gift.
“We have a super-soldier, a serum recipient,” Clint began as he gestured to Steve and Bucky. “Not to mention a young adult with the metabolism of the two of them combined,” a wave toward Pietro, who shrugged in agreement. “And I like food, Tony.”
He let his words hang in the air between them, steepling his fingers as he let Wanda digest the information. When she didn’t speak, remaining mystified by this information, he went on. “Look, I see four people who wanted to do the right thing. I’ve seen two of them spend years undoing all the bullshit that happened to them. I’ve seen your brother moving on. All anyone wants is to see you move on too, Wanda-- if they can believe in themselves, why can’t you?”
“It’ll be a new year,” Bucky said smartly, earning him a swat on the knee from Wanda. “The tradition? People kiss. Supposed to bring good luck or some shit like that.”
When Tony had loudly announced, in the middle of Christmas Eve dinner, that he wanted to have a New Year’s Eve party this year… Well, the team had mixed reactions. This left Steve with the task of playing referee, which was just an earmark of being Tony’s boyfriend, but was no less difficult.
Hello all! That was a long update window, and I apologize for that. The updates are going to be a bit sparse once again. I'm a college student, and I'm back in the thick of the semester. Expect updates once a month, with some months having more, and some having less. As an apology for the last chapter being shorter, the gap being longer, and the year getting crazier... Here's my gift to you guys. Enjoy something longer and lighter. As always, thanks to h34rt1lly for being my beta!
“No!” Bucky interrupted, sliding sideways to grab his phone. “Please. Here.” He handed it to her, watching her fingers tap the screen before she set it back down on the deck.
Going out to brave the tourists might be risky, but she was willing to do this. This would, however, include a driver— and going only to stores that catered to privacy. Pulling open her closet door, Natasha felt more like herself, getting ready to put on her public face and breeze through like nothing in the world could touch her. A herringbone peacoat that she couldn’t place the origin of ended up being her choice, weighty wool that felt warm enough to stand up to a New York winter. It was inconspicuous, and it didn’t matter that she had slid on a navy sweater that fit closer than the tourists wore, nor that she had the practicality to tug on lined boots over her jeans.
The diner Clint liked to frequent was a hole in the wall, but he claimed they made the best food and coffee he could find within a three block radius,
The title of this chapter comes from the song "Heart Shaped Wreckage" from the TV show Smash (which NBC rudely cancelled), and seemed fitting for these two.
“Oh, good, my call to security about the food wasn’t ignored!” Clint announced gleefully as he eyed the tables.
“I do,” Sam said as he tugged Pietro off the couch, “and this guy might as well get some help if you’re offering it.”
The Commons had bedrooms, but they were primarily designed for guests-- not that anyone around here had many guests over. For now, while things were in progress, Nat was occupying one of the rooms. It was oddly hilarious to be a guest in “your own home” so to speak, having lived in the Tower for years, yet no longer having a place to really call her own.
Pietro raised his hand proudly, not even bothering to conceal his pride in his own joke. “That would be me— from what I hear around here it used to be an Agent Coulson, and you’ve stepped up to the plate to fill his shoes.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be on my side?” Sam grumbled as he refilled the shaker with ice and set about measuring the booze.
The title is taken from Losing My Mind, a song written by Stephen Sondheim for the musical "Follies" and most notably sung by Liza Minnelli.
“It's fine I just--” Sam was mid disassembly now, and exasperated. “There's nothing wrong and yet my aim is off!”
Steve didn’t put up a fight, taking the first thing Elijah handed him: a black jacket, white shirt, black slacks, and grey suede shoes.
“Because I know,” Clint answered. “I was there. I knew Ultron, and fought him alongside you. They’ve checked in with me every step of the way, Wanda, and all anyone wanted for this was for you to be able to heal.”
Wanda’s eyes widened with realization as she turned to get a better look in the mirror, cheeks flushed with excitement. “This!” Tugging a silver garment out of the bottom of her stack of clothing, she unfurled it for Natasha’s approval.
“Alright, smile in three, two, annnnd one!” Tony took several shots before dropping his hand to his side, satisfied with his photographic evidence that he had, in fact, made an effort to include Peter’s aunt. As long as no one mentioned the party in front of her, everything should go according to plan.
“It is a well-known fact that I never miss,” Clint said casually as he clapped Scott on the shoulder. “But man, my poker face must be stellar if I roped you into believing otherwise. Yeah, bet fulfilled— that’s going on YouTube.”
“You didn’t think you’d get to hit a major life milestone, your first one with this team, without a celebration did you?” Clint crowed.
“What he was wearing was— whatever, I’ll deal with that in a minute. Again.” Tony closed his eyes and attempted to breathe, not particularly keen on the thought of JARVIS being alarmed by his rising vitals. “And that leaves Barnes…?”
любимый-- Direct translation to "favorite," however I found usage suggesting it was more of "dearest"
He heard the door sliding open before he felt the subtle vibrations of her footsteps, heeled boots clicking as she came to sit next to him. Wanda didn’t say anything as she settled, wrapping her own hands around the rail for support and crossing her legs under her. The wind shifted, carrying her perfume as he breathed in. “Heat, floral, and vanilla-- what is that?”
“If you’re not early, you’re late. He got that from his Ma.” Bucky shut the door behind him, rolling his eyes. “Honestly, Steven Grant Rogers, you’re beginning to resemble your mother. This is not 1934.”
“He went to change, sometime between the first time you sounded like you were going to light Clint’s sleeveless shirts on fire and the time you stormed out. He said something about wanting to have a wardrobe left tomorrow, and went to his floor.”
“We have several other misfits to round up,” Tony commented quietly, unable to completely mask his nerves.
Occasionally, Tony would join him. This morning was one of those, increasingly rare since he and Steve had become more serious, but Bruce was grateful for his company. “Morning, stranger,” Bruce said as the door opened. “Tired of looking at Captain America? I know you can’t be lonely.”
“He’s being unnecessarily modest,” Bruce protested, “but that seems to be an Avengers trait, so I’ll allow it. In any case, what did you think of them?”
Clint nodded and reached for his half-empty coffee, sighing at the mug. He didn’t like lying to her any more than Nat did, but what other choice did he have? They couldn’t have told her about the bots from the start— she would have rejected the idea before it had any forward momentum at all. Waiting until everything was completed and vetted seemed like the best course of action, even with the tinge of guilt he had about doing this behind Wanda’s back.
“It’s not brunch if it’s only 6:30 in the morning,” Bruce pointed out mildly as he went back to his bowl. “Save me one for later, will you?”
Steve caught Tony’s eye with a serious expression, leaning in until his lips almost touched Tony’s ear. “I’ve told you before— he’s going to be the best out of all of us.”
“Tony, Steve, get over here,” Nat called, nonchalantly kicking Clint in the shin as she spoke. “Preferably before I have to use force.”
“I think I’ve heard enough,” Clint answered, wiping his face. “I’m not your father. I shouldn’t have overstepped.”
Now on the defensive, Bucky shifted into a stiff posture, glaring at Pietro. “A lot of things I’m not proud of, and that I had no choice in. Pushed her too hard, never held back, antagonized her, and generally made her the near-invincible opponent she is today. Why is that relevant?”
“What happens when he gets to zero?” Wanda asked, eyes wide as she noted her brother tugging Sam to stand, and Steve drawing Tony closer.
“All I want is to be part of this team.” The statement came reflexively; there was no hesitation in Peter’s voice, no lingering looks of what-ifs on his face.
“They’re doing better,” Clint noted quietly as he filled his glass with water. “I’m sure they can handle shopping without an audience.”
Peter turned his head to watch Principal Hughes adjust the microphone before he continued on, leaning on the podium and looking more polished than he had at any other time in Peter’s memory. The crisp navy suit looked odd on him, then again maybe anyone who spent more time in a lab coat and safety glasses would look out of place at a formal event. He thought of his own misgivings about the blue gown he had put on this morning, and realized it wasn’t all bad— he could be in a suit under the 80 degree sun.
“Alright, let’s go then,” Clint prompted, turning and taking off in the direction of the football field.
“Ours is not a traditional institution of education. For four years, these students have gained hands on skills and catered their education plans towards their strengths in the very subjects Midtown takes its namesake from— science and technology. I have had the privilege to teach every one of these 100 students at different points in their academic careers, and an even greater privilege to work alongside them as they have sought growth and development in their research. Seeing them go is bittersweet. At some point, we all face transitions in life. Some of these young people will be transitioning to college, others to careers, and still others may have other plans. No matter where they go, this divergence is a step towards fulfilling their adult lives with chasing dreams and seizing goals. I’d like to give them a round of applause, for their dedication and endurance.”
Clint cast a look around the room. “Enable the elevator, let me the fuck through! Pietro, stay here— the rest of you, you heard her, OUT!”
“Please.” Bucky joined him at the bar, perusing the multitude of bottles before settling on finger of whiskey. “It’s a special occasion, might as well start early.”
“They each took their bike. Sam left before anyone else, he’s probably already out on the field,” Natasha noted.
“Did I say that?” Clint feigned offense as he cut one of the pastries in half and dropped a piece on each of the twins’ plates. “Okay, yeah, I miss the two of you. Cut me some slack, this parenting thing is new to me.”
“I’ve been training,” Wanda said mildly as she took a bite of the pop tart that Clint had given her. “This is excellent-- what did you say you call them?”
“W-what?” Her gaze widened, fixed on Sam’s face, as she moved her hands in front of her. Sam noticed the faint red between them, little more than a mist, and nothing like the power he knew she had.
Clint wasn’t ready to face Natasha one on one. In fact, the last thing he wanted to do was anything that was a glaring reminder of Nat, much less be with her individually right now. Everyone had been respectful of that— Tony had moved her things out of his floor one day without a word, nor a request. Clint couldn’t say thank you, but he sent a bottle of scotch, and that seemed like the same thing. Pietro and Wanda had been tip-toeing around the issue, only discussing it at length when he himself broached the subject. Now, two months later, he felt less bitter. Nat needed something that he couldn’t give, and Clint needed nothing— at least, that’s what he told himself.
"I'm sorry, Captain but the procedure is only a little over fifty percent complete and I am under orders," the response was very contrite.
"Yes Sir, Unfortunately, Doctor Yi and I have come up with little so far, I will continue to run scenarios for plausible solutions,"
Sniffling he nodded, the conviction in his husband's voice calmed the nagging fear. Nothing could kill Captain America and Steve Rogers didn't know how to back down from a fight, "So enough complaining about my beautiful suit, tell me what you like," he shouldered him.
Tony was in the workshop finishing up the final touches on the lastest Iron Man suit when Bruce entered the room. "Uh, Tony,"
After they left Bruce looked over the cellscape it looked like a war zone of burst cells. Frowning, "Hey Jay what exactly did Peter ask you to do," he rolled up his sleeves.
"Jay, get this damn glove off, please" the blonde demanded. Once the gauntlet fell with a clang he took his husband's face in hand, "I'm not going anywhere Tony. I'm not leaving you, do you hear me,"
Iron Man flew passed them, "Jay, initiate Master Control Protocol and keep Cap put even if he finds out okay,"
Bruce pushed his glasses up on his face, a sign of nervousness. Eyes surveying the cellscape before them. He saw it first well before anyone, not AI, he assumed Jarvis was omitting that information on purpose. The AI was carefully considerate of his maker's feelings. Still, Bruce couldn't help himself, "Jarvis how long before the cell structures break down,"
Tony was reading over the progress reports from Dr. Yi, Peter, and Bruce. Chewing on his cheek his mouth quirked. Not for the first time since this happened did he find himself wishing he had taken an interest in biological sciences, "Jay can you pull up the notes from Dr. Erskine again and my dad's too,"
"Mostly that my husband made it," he grinned, "But I like how it feels. The lining you put in it offers great feedback like I'm actually catching my shield and how much give a surface has,"
"Please be advised that the procedure was incomplete and there is no way of knowing the effects or their permanence, Captain," Jarvis warned.
After he was gone Clint looked over at Natasha. He had known her longer than anyone so he could read the sadness, not in her eyes, but the slight drop in her posture. They both knew unless Banner and Yi came up with something soon things would only get harder for their friend, "Nat," he offered his hand. And for a rare wonder, she took it giving it a squeeze.
"I would hate to be discourteous," he agreed, they were better off with him even if he'd still been imbued with the serum. Daredevil was a very ferocious teacher.
He turned at the voice glaring challengingly, "Son you don't want to do that," he watched as they fanned out around him. Fighting the dizziness pressing in on him he readied himself for a fight.
"Yeah, Tony we're going to get this worked out," Bruce assured. He donned a lab coat beginning prep to work with the samples, "Let me know what you got so far Jay,"
A small laugh as he shyly met the fierce brown eyes, "No Sir I won't," kissing the frowning lips until they quirked up into a smile, "I love you, Tony and I'll never understand how I got this lucky,"
Chewing his cheek for a second he debated whether or not that was actually true. If he pushed it and Steve actually was tired it would take a toll on the former super soldier. Gambling that this had more to do with his current mood than his health Tony pressed, "It's better if we got this sorted out now, rather than later when the team needs you,"
Alarms blared loudly in his lab interrupting his reply, "Shit," he thought before promising to eat. Rushing from the lab he met Clint and Natasha in the elevator. Both of them looked at him questioningly, "He can't hear the alarms from in there," he answered the unasked question.
His knuckles smacked against the canvas bag sending shockwaves up his arm. Gritting his teeth he struck harder. The muscles in his arms burned, his shoulder jarring at the force with which he made contact with the heavy bag. There was a voice edging on alarm, "Captain Rogers perhaps you would like to take a break," Jarvis suggested.
"Yea well as punishment you have to put up with Spider-man and Deadpool for a few days while I work on your suit," he scooped up the blonde before walking over to the fire escape, "Thanks Devil,"
"Tony let us help him," Peter put a hand on the metal shoulder, "I won't involve anyone else directly if you don't want but please he's our friend too,"
Silence for a moment, Tony looked over the image again, he saw the thinned walls on some of the cells. "Jay, answer the man,"
"If Captain Rogers ceases any Avengers activities he may have several months to a year," a long drawn out moment, "Not that he is currently enhanced enough to continue to do so,"
In the medbay Tony could see Steve perched on the hospital bed, face pinched. He looked fine, shirtless Captain America never failed to steal Tony's breath. He could see Steve rolling the red vibranium band with his thumb, both of them had picked up that annoying tell. It meant they were worried about one another.
Blinking behind the mask he was surprised to see Matt so desperate. It was still quiet and dignified but this was as close to begging Peter had ever seen him. "I'll do what I can and throw a message to Hank McCoy too,"
Grateful the mask was still in place Spider-man looked away, "To be fair I told him it was Wade who was losing his healing factor and breaking down," he fidgeted with his web shooter, "I mean they are both from the same experiment," he shrugged.
It took the super soldier a moment to realize he could hear other things in the background. Explosions and screams rang in his ears and even though it was minimal Clint sounded somewhat tense. Allowing that much stress to bleed into his voice meant Natasha was hurt, "Hawkeye," it came out in the commanding tone not of Steve but Captain America, "Tell me what's going on,"
A third ship lighted down crumbling a building in its wake just as Hawkeye opened fire on the second, "Crap how many more are coming," he cursed, "What the hell," he shouted in surprise as the aliens jumped onto the Quinjet smashing the windshield with their large fists.
"Sides Cap," Clint said from the doorway, "I'm not enhanced, matter of fact," gesturing to the hearing aids, "I'm actually disabled according to most. Yet, I still somehow manage to keep up with you guys,"
"Mmmm, happy to see you too," Tony chuckled pressing his hands to the slightly less firm ass. He couldn't help but notice how the t-shirt no longer stretched tightly over the body. All of the little physical changes took away nothing from how he felt about the man in his arms. What he found truly heartbreaking was the insecurity radiating from his husband due to his appearance.
"Ugh no Dr. Yi," a voice cut in as Tony stepped into to room looking properly sex mussed, "You could do so much better. Their leader now, that man is cut from the same sexy boy scout cloth as our own dear Cap," he smiled.
"I would like to point out that as my husband you are just as rich," he reminded him putting on a burst of speed, "What's mine is yours and all," he added affectionately.
"Alien invasion, Nat is down, Tony's got her and we have an assist from Team Red. Really, Cap, we've got this...Oh shit," he lunged from his perch as an energy blast took off part of the building. Firing an arrow he smacked into the side of another building before dropping down with a roll. The world went silent as his hearing aids fried out.
"As handsome as your husband is, sometimes a girl just needs a romp with someone wild," she smirked looking into the eyepieces once more.
Holding the fork was going to be task enough, eating with the naan would certainly dirty his dressings. Graciously, he took the out even if that's not how she intended it.
"Science does have variables. Not many had the original donor's blood serum and none of those other subjects was Steve Rogers," she reminded him patiently.
He fell to his knees the moment Steve's body buckled, going down with him, "No, no Steve don't leave me," his voice cracked while he held onto his husband watching while the man faded from him. Crying over the star he clung to the suit even as Clint wrapped his arms around him. Peter's hand on his shoulder, "I didn't kiss him back. I didn't say goodbye he needs to know...," he trailed in a heartbroken sob.
"My sweet Catholic husband blaspheming," a dramatic gasp as Tony entered the gym, "And we're not even in the bedroom," he teased.
He saw the surprised expression on her face even obscured by the microscope, "Uh good," he questioned as he edged closer to her. When she moved aside to allow him a glimpse he saw the cells binding to the blood serum, "Definitely good," he raised his hand for a high five.
Smiling he gratefully took the steaming cup gulping it down, "I have an idea I just need the cells to cooperate," Peter glared at the microscope as if it were at fault.
Aliens edged closer to him only to be cut down by a flare of red light. Looking up he saw a shining new armor landing beside him, "Cap, you okay," Tony's voice was cold as his face shield was turned toward the aliens laying around them.
I know they never specify the actual serum that I can recall but I always suspected Logan's mutant DNA played a role. Especially considering that they were both apart of the super soldier program and fought alongside one another in WW2.  I hope you enjoy this latest chapter as it is the second to last. Thank you to those who have stuck with it.
Tony could see a long bruise covering the archer's arm. It looked like a combination of rope burn and impact damage. His brow raised in expectation, "What happened, Bird Brain,". A soft smile as Steve grabbed his hand, to remind him not to blame Clint.
She only smiled with a shake of her head, "Others have recreated variations of this formula before," eyes focused on the microscope.
"And I would never see you as anything but my captain. So go throw on your suit and learn how to run with the big boys," the blonde winked at him.
"Two weeks, really," Tony asked in surprise. He looked over at the armor he had been tweaking, all the pride of accomplishment in his chest deflated at the sight of the former super soldier before him. "Honey I'm not avoiding you and none of this is your fault," he pressed himself against the taller man. He kissed Steve, taking his left hand in his, he kissed the ring on it softly with a smile.
He pressed a damp cloth to the clammy forehead waiting, listening as the body's weakening finally began to slow. It sounded similar to Peter's or Wade's while they slowly healed it was just working in the opposite direction. An idea came to him and he pulled his phone out once more smiling slightly.
Just then an alarm blared on his phone. He heard a similar sound chime from Steve's phone in the other room, "Damn," he met Steve by their front door, "You ready to suit up, Cap," he asked knowing that staying put wasn't an option.
Now as the chamber separated, the needles withdrawing from his skin he tried to temper the guilt of using it. The team needed him he could feel it in his heart and he would never abandon them, never abandon him. He was surprised to see the toned muscle had reappeared along with his enhanced senses.
"Clint," it came out a worried cry, "Jarvis is the team okay? Is Tony okay," he asked. his heart rate spiked as he forced himself to calm down, "Jarvis please answer me,"
Steve blinked back the tears as he remembered that night and in the two years since that night, he had never used his power. Tony trusted him and he had given that power when he was less than sober. Never wanting to break that trust he was happy to allow Tony his freedoms and only use his minimal Husband Override when Tony began neglecting himself.
"All the data and trajectory images make it hard to focus," he admitted. Hissing slightly as the knuckle bone was popped back into place. Super serum he may have been lacking, but pain was something he had been familiar with even before this. He was just no longer able to heal from it as quickly.
"I don't know, Tony. I'm pretty tired actually, not really feeling up to dinner," he answered sullenly.
They landed on a rooftop Steve's faceplate snapping up as he stepped into Tony's space, "Good thing I'm already yours then," he kissed his husband, holding his shoulder, "Hmm my biggest beef with this suit is how hard it is to touch you,"
The conviction burning in her eyes was hard to face, "I'm not really Captain America anymore, he is an unbreakable super soldier," he reminded her.
The billionaire's voice softened ever so slightly, "Maybe I just need a week of you all to myself," the corner of his mouth pulled for a second.
Steve allowed his head to hang, shoulders sagging with exhaustion. The effects of the last fight still lingering in his fatigued body. He sighed in frustration at his failing body, brow drawn in a frown as he glared at his reflection in the large mirror on the dresser. The red metal glinted back at him accusingly from his finger.
Reading the formula Bruce raised his brows, "This looks hopeful have you shown it to Dr. Yi yet," he asked reading it over again.
Wade had just appeared beside Daredevil, "Hey Petey Pie," he greeted before looking over the fallen man, "You weren't lying, Red he looks bad,"
Jarvis had selected a varied music playlist, shuffling between Rolling Stones, AC/DC and the Beatles and Etta James and Duke Ellington. Even the A.I. seemed to be pleased offering more commentary than usual. All the doubts and fears dissipated now that the uncertainty had been removed the team moved as if everything had already been resolved and they were just waiting for their next mission, ready to follow their captain into battle.
A heavy metallic clang, drew their attention, "Cap let me check out your hand," Iron Man's voice a schooled calm thanks to Jarvis. Scanning the bones revealed no breaks or damage of any kind. The data caused a sour churn of unease in his stomach as opposed to comforting him. "Captain," he asked faceplate flipping up to reveal a worried look on the genius's face.
"How much longer 'til I can hold you again, Sweetheart," allowing the remembered feel of the smaller frame wrapped in his arms to consume him.
The quirk of red lips, "You know we still have Russian lessons to go over, Steve," Nat arched a brow, "No excuses about time now,"
Natasha swept her eyes over the damage as she set down a plate for him adding a fork. Setting one down for herself as well she shrugged, "I'm not particularly fond of the sauce getting on my fingers," she explained in such a cool voice that he accepted it.
Daredevil turned his head away from the salty scent. He knew that even without super senses Steve knew the older man was crying.
"Two days of rest did me good and I promise if I feel weak I'll stand down, Sweetheart," he caressed Tony's cheek.
"If I hadn't you would be dead," he took his husband's face in hand touching the blade of their noses together. Refusing to look away even as he felt his body tremble he smoothed his gloved thumbs over the cheeks. He could feel his body struggling and he didn't want to waste time taking off his gloves.
He focused on the armor blueprints, "Run the tests for me if we are all green then I'll go talk to Cap,"
Just then his window slid open as the wall-crawler let himself in, "Damn DD you weren't kidding he looks bad," he sat closer taking vitals, "What happened to him," his voice shook. Captain America was powerful, almost immortal this wasn't supposed to happen to him.
Clint rushed in an apology pouring out of him before he had fully taken in the scene, "I'm so sorry Cap, I didn't think the drop would hurt you,"
His mind went back to that night two years ago as he shyly gifted Tony his dog tags, "It's all I have to give you really, that and my love," it was everything he had and he wanted Tony to have it to understand that there was no part of himself he wasn't willing to give to the man in his arms. Even if his husband was maybe just a little too drunk to probably remember this moment he would hold it in his heart forever.
Reclaiming the hands that had been pulled away she said fiercly, "Steve Rogers is that kid from Brooklyn who never knew how to back down from a fight,"
Effortlessly beside him, "Kak tvoi dela," while Black Widow fired taking out some of the aliens trying to break down a door, "We need to get these civilians evacuated," she said from beside him.
It finally occurred to Steve how truly afraid his husband had been. He had known he was worried but never revealed how frightened he had been that they would not be able to fix this. Shaking his head he wanted to kick himself for being so oblivious, "You know you married an idiot, right,"
"Okay, so I'm glad I added comms. Now we take turns keeping Cap company until he's done basting,"  Tony finally relented.
Hating the fact that Steve looked like a kicked puppy with a still eager to please expression, he blew out a breath slowly. Carefully he began cleaning the injuries, "Why don't you try practicing with the suit I made for you, Gorgeous?"
"Sir it has been ten days since you last spoke with Captain Rogers or left the lab," he replied quietly. Then a little sympathetically "Perhaps you should speak with Captain Rogers, Sir,"
Matt leapt down following her to the street level while Clint covered them. A loud clang as Tony was knocked from the air right into Hulk a brick wall collapsing on them as they impacted. Four aliens emerged from one of the ships. They were much larger and very heavily armored. Spider-man threw a line of webbing to haul the one nearest to Iron Man away only to have himself pulled into a bone crunching blow.
Steve's hand slid down his side once more pressing his lips to the tender spot on Tony's neck, breath ghosting over the area hotly, "LIke I could I ever forget," pressing his body allowing his desire to be felt between them, "I have the smartest, sexiest husband ever," his tongue teased over the spot.
Tilting his head to meet the blue eyes, "So Banner and I are finishing up on the cellular restructuring chamber then we're gonna see if we can't make another serum using Doc McCoy's formulas," brushing the blonde hair from Steve's face.
Bruce looked slightly frustrated, "That would explain the missing components from my own research. Do you mind us drawing some blood,"
Clint made gagging noises, "Please don't walk around the kitchen with nothing but an apron on. I'm pretty sure it's unhygienic,"
Steve was already moving to suit up and in moments he was on the landing pad stepping into his armor. His body felt much like it had before but he wouldn't risk it failing him at a crucial moment. Taking off he could see the fire from his aerial view the Iron Man suit was looking somewhat worse for the wear but Tony was up and flying. Relief flooded into his chest at the sight.
Matt carried him to his apartment, inwardly glad he had followed the sound of the irregular heartbeat, "What's happened to you Cap," he wondered listening to the weakened breath. Everything about the hero felt off including his body temperature, "You're dying," he realized.
The fatigue won out as Steve felt the world swim out of focus. Realizing he had been caught and thrown over a red leather shoulder.
"And we'll go to the Louvre so you can look at all the beautiful pieces on display," Tony holding the empty coffee cup to his mouth as he was looking over blueprints of a new constellation display for their bedroom ceiling. Having heard how much Steve wished they could see the stars at night he had begun working on this. The perfect gift to celebrate him returning to full health.
Tony's own eyes finally hardened, "You know what the most annoying thing about you is? You're too damned perfect. It's not just your body, you hear me," he demanded, forcing his husband to meet his eyes, "You're Steven Grant Rogers the man who jumped on that grenade without hesitation. That's who I love and that man is perfect and don't you ever forget that,"
"Well lucky for you he sent back some amazing research, based on what he knows about Logan and Steve's healing factors. Apparently, he had been working on this for quite a while in case they ever found themselves in this situation. We may have a cure,"
"I'm fine Iron Man," he said softly, "Thanks Hawkeye," he grabbed his shield replacing it on his back. After Clint had run off to retrieve the Quinjet, Steve cleared his throat, "Tony stop scanning me,"
"Hey Cap you okay?" Hawkeye grabbed up the shield with a friendly smile. "Broke your hand punching that robocop huh," he teased.
"Petey Pie why don't you take a break? Go for a swing or maybe get some sleep," Deadpool suggested from his seat beside the wall-crawler with his sleeve rolled back to the forearm to allow blood to be drawn as needed.
One of the alien ships had taken flight once more and fired on Iron Man. Steve put everything into his thrusters in time to shield his husband. The blast hit the shield on his back as they were both knocked to the ground. Rolling he took the brunt of the impact protecting Tony's exposed leg and torso, "Tony, Sweetheart can you hear me," he asked. A second powerful energy blast hit him driving him away from his husband.
Bruce entered with a fresh mug of coffee, "I figured you were burning out by now," he offered it up.
Gripping the sink, Steve desperately wished it would shatter under his grasp. Frustration pinched his brows together as he grit his teeth.
A small gasp escaped the brunette's lips, "Feeling up to it Old Man," he shot back knowing full well the answer.
"He was everything to me," he wept in the torn street which perfectly matched the ruin of his own heart.
Straightening himself, "I called people I trust to come and try to help him because he is dying. Whatever you're doing over there at the tower isn't working and I will not allow something as wasteful as pride rob the world of Captain America," he gritted, "Peter has degrees in Biophysics and Biochemistry on top of a very astute understanding of his own healing factor,"
"Get some rest, Handsome," Tony pressed Steve back onto the bed, "Don't sweat it, Bird Brain. Just keep our team leader company would ya,"
"Sweetheart," a tired groan, "Where are we," he looked around surprised to see himself surrounded by the heroes.
"I love you, Tony, I'll always love you," he kissed the soft lips even as the tear trailed down the older man's cheek, "I'm right here, Sweetheart, right here with you always," his hand pressed over the heart he had been grateful to call his.
So I am trying to get at least one chapter for each of my works out as I will be taking a sabbatical from writing fanfic for 40 days starting March 4 to dedicate time to my novel. I hope you enjoy the latest installment as I feel this is nearing the end of this tale
The redhead nodded. Once it was just his friends he gripped Peter in a crushing hug, "Save him if you can, but don't blame yourself if you can't," he knew the younger man too well.
They all went over the research with Jarvis helpfully running the simulations as soon as they were put together until they found one that came closest to the original. They ran it several times trying for a shortened procedure time. Unfortunately the shortest they could accomplish it was a little over twenty-four hours.
"When did the search for a cure for my husband become a Tinder setup," he rolled his eyes dramatically, "Seriously though, Jay said you had something," he looked between them hopefully.
Before he could answer she had smoothly made her way over to him, opening the medicine cabinet, "Remember that time I got shot in the glute and you had to help me pull the bullet out," she reminisced.
Batting his eyelashes, "My hero," he groaned as he pulled off the small device latched onto his side, "Ugh when did Norman get such good tech. Go get him, Babe," he smiled as Steve took off to catch Norman.
Keeping good on his word Tony stepped off the elevator into the communal space, "Hold the door, Bird Brain," he grabbed a protein bar and bottle of water before rejoining them.
Clint gave her a nod as he suited up in the jet before taking the pilots seat.  The screen revealed an invasion of heavy bodied beings emerging from a ship over Brooklyn. A second ship was just breaching the atmosphere, "What the hell," he muttered taking off.
"Aww I thought this was gonna be a fight," Hawkeye sighed. While Deadpool hooked up his phone to the Quinjet's PA system.
"I can fix that," Tony said quickly, "Tell you what after dinner why don't you and I take our suits out for a test flight and you can give me all the feedback on what does and doesn't work for you," he offered.
Smacking her palm against his, "Now we just need to accelerate the bond with the gamma chamber," casually she asked, "So you know Wolverine,"
Straightening himself he put on a smile as his husband entered the room, "Hey Beautiful," he stood forcing himself to take steady steps toward the older man. Smoothing his hands down the sides of the soft dress shirt, resting them on his hips. Nuzzling into the neck before he pressed a kiss just behind the man's ear.
A shrug, "They sure took enough of it and Cap always kinda smelled familiar after they zapped 'im. I ain't no big brain though,"
“I will show you,” Wanda asserted as she held up her hand, fingertips bright with red. “Will you let me?”
“I’ve got it!” Steve jumped up so fast he nearly toppled the coffee table, clapping his hands together. “A MOTORCYCLE.”
Thanks as always to h34rt1lly for being my beta. This was a fun, feel-good chapter. I hope you all enjoy!
Tony wasn’t one for public events (despite what SHIELD or Pepper had ever orchestrated on his behalf in terms of business parties and press conferences), but this particular high school graduation wasn’t just some other unavoidable event. He had elected to attend Peter Parker’s graduation before the invitation had ever arrived— and elected to drag the team alongside him without a rousing discussion. Pietro had snorted at the news, citing that Peter wouldn’t even note his presence, before receiving a firm glare from Clint that incited his mutterings of begrudging consent. Clint, of course, had asked about the presence of food (afterwards, here at the Tower, yes, you can pick the catering service) before he gave a thumbs up and promptly resumed lecturing Pietro about public relations and making friends. Wanda and Bruce both amicably agreed, although both seemed confused on why their presence was required in the first place. Nat, Bucky, Sam, and Steve’s agreement hadn’t come as any surprise, as they were honestly the only ones Tony could have predicted an honest yes from.
Pietro nodded, picking up his sandwich to avoid further comment. Wanda laughed, head falling back against the booth as a blush crept across Pietro’s face. “Boyfriend. I thought you would never admit it!”
“Alright, you don’t want to open the door. You don’t want to talk. I can talk for both of us, until you’re ready. How’s that sound?” He pause, but no answer came. “Thought so. Let me tell you what I think is going on here. You’re my teammate, and my teammates are my family. Your brother, Nat, and Clint are more your family than anyone else in this entire tower. You’d do anything to protect them. You trust them explicitly. And that trust is why it hurt so damn bad when you found out they’d been working on something behind your back— all three of them. Worse than just them, your whole team knew, and you didn’t. Am I on the right track?”
Peter laughed, stepping up to the rack to let Elijah walk him through the options. Presumably not wanting to rock the boat (typical Peter Parker) left him in a combination that Elijah had already put together for him. He disappeared to the bathroom, coming out a few minutes later in a pair of dark jeans, grey sneakers that looked entirely different from Tony’s white ones, a pale blue t-shirt, and a grey pinstriped vest that he was mid-buttoning when Tony swatted his hand away and undid them all.
“I’m not a child anymore!” Wanda screamed, a blaze of red energy spawning in her hand. “Quit toying with me!”
Wanda nodded, holding the door open for Natasha before sliding in next to her. Happy gave them a nod, navigating the streets with patience that only a seasoned professional could have garnered, before they arrived. A sales consultant met them in the elevator, probably due to some well-intended assistant of Happy’s calling ahead to let them know who was coming.
Hello, readers! I want to touch on a couple of housekeeping things and they we will get into the chapter.
“Ready for what, Mister Stark?” Peter looked genuinely confused while everyone else around him murmured consent.
“Pot of coffee, Clint?” The waitress inquired as he slid into the booth. He cast a glance at Wanda, rubbing her eyes and yawning, before holding up two fingers. She nodded, reappearing a few minutes later with two pots and three cups. “I’ll be back for your orders in a few minutes.”
“I thank you for that. I’m sure this is fine. Clint?” Steve waved him over, disappearing to put his clothes away.
A knock on her door made Natasha groan, not wanting company but knowing that refusal was futile. “What is it?”
It was a trumpet skirt, embellished with what Natasha could only imagine were thousands of silver sequins, shifting even in the light as Wanda turned it over in her hands. Wanda pulled it over her legs, unconcerned about Happy or Geoff, and shimmied it over her hips to sit at her natural waist. The result was stunning— on Wanda’s short stature, the flared trumpet of the skirt pooled around her feet, making her look downright ethereal. Natasha would have never picked it up for Wanda, except for as a joke, but it worked here. “How do you like it?”
