Standing from his computer desk the older gentleman held out his hand. “Good luck son, good luck to both of you. You’re going to need it.” He shook Cass’s hand before leading them towards his front door.
“Why do you think they have anything to do with emotions?” Dean pulled one of the feathers of his wing, eyes watering when the pain came back to him. Yep it was stuck in there like a brand new healthy feather. Plucking himself was probably out of the question then. Damn it!
Once the bunker sensed all the intruders were deceased and no longer a threat to its charges, it powered down most the heating systems leaving just two still active. It would take hours to cool, for the systems had to make sure every particle of enemy was in fact a particle. It would be highly uncomfortable for the hours of heat the bunker would be in, but it was a better alternative to being dead. It was now time to engage the humidity system to ensure certain resources found all through the building were also preserved as some should not be exposed to extreme heat for long or at all.
None of them noticed the blanket of fine mist falling on them, causing them to slowly lower themselves to the ground, closing their eyes in Fae induced sleep.
Stroking his hunter’s back, enjoying the weight pinning him down. ‘I know Dean, I always worry when I’m not there to keep you safe.’ He ran his hand through his hair a few times before returning to stroking down his back.
Coughing for another minute, the Angel was finally able to raise his head. “I will be, but I could really do with a drink.” A drink and some privacy to clean his system once and for all. He would be paying a little visit to Elfhame at his first opportunity, the Fae could not be allowed to interfere with Heavenly hosts without consequences.
He glanced over at Sam, the cop on the other side, then Cass in the back before responding. “Umm sure officer.”
The new commander of the Fae forces of the North Eastern lands looked down at the most notorious of all Fae folk, unable to stop herself from asking even after the example set by her previous commander. In the most polite of voices she could manage, “Milord why are we bothering with a Second Son? They hold no interest to our Courts.”
They were about five miles down the road when Dean looked in his mirror and saw the blues lit up. “Oh son of a bitch, what the hell do they want?” He hadn’t been speeding even, only doing 5 over the limit and it was nothing but straight road for miles more.
She didn’t hesitate as she answered, turning to lead him in the direction she had come from. “My Lord then there will be a lot of paperweights because why I have been sent will not please you at all.”
“And how should I do that?” Cass asked while his mouth hovered just millimeters away from his cock. His breath sending shivers up his muck covered spine.
The town friar led them to the main meeting square where they celebrated their various holidays and events through the year. It was large, paved with river stone and had a large three tiered water fountain which normally was flowing with water. From the looks of the place, it was also a favored spot for gossiping and socializing, even when there was no special event planned. But the reason why the priest brought them to this location was instantly obvious.
Sam couldn’t get near his brother, shocked at his out of character behavior. Sure they saw weird stuff all the time, but wings weren’t that weird to find themselves stuck with. Till he realized what might be causing the problem, which caused him to call out once more to his elder. “Dean just stop, wait, you’ll hurt yourself, we can explain, you just need to stop.”
Hmmm yes new plan, seduce Sam into his bed and figure out a way to pull Dean and Cass’s heads out of their asses and mate. Then they could all be one big happy dysfunctional family, going on hunting adventures over the centuries. That could be fun, delivering justice to bad guys, finding new and interesting places and positions to make out like bunnies.
“Oh man I would love to see all that. It would be hilarious I’m sure.” She was giggling as she noticed some bushes she thought had edible berries on it. She went to pluck one when Sam smacked her hand away.
Finishing with his hips and his legs, he whispered in his mate’s mind. ‘Cass, my perfect Cass, turn over, keep your eyes closed still baby. Keep them closed and just feel what I do to you.’
Huffing, having a good idea it was the spell keeping her out. “Fine, must have been the spell, I’ll try and figure it out later.” Leaning back he frowned as a new thought came into his head. “Have you heard anything from Dean or Cass?” He hoped they had returned, he was worried for both but especially worried for Castiel, the man had been seriously terrified at his brother performing the spell.
Looking into his true blue eyes, seeing the power starting to grow there, how his entire being was starting to light up. Cass wanted this, he wanted Dean, and since Dean had nothing else to offer but himself, he would give his Angel what he wanted. “Yes, I’ll be your mate.”
His mate’s response? To shiver and rub himself against the silk sheets Sam had bought for them as a belated mating gift. Dean had not appreciated the shit eating grin his little brother had sported as they opened the package. But his mate had not seen fit to get rid of them either and now they were a favorite of theirs. Leaning back for a moment, he pursed his lips formulating his next plan of attack.
Dean glared hard at the floor as he argued with the friendly werewolf hunter. “Okay so he is, but still, doesn’t mean… Okay fine, sheesh we’ll head down there in a few.”
“To dangerous, tree line is right up against the cliff. Even Naoko says she doesn’t fly in this area.” Sam explained.
None of them ever heard the shouts as a few law enforcement officers spotted where they had been parked in the back. The five officers all stared stunned at the suddenly empty parking space, wondering just what the hell had happened. Looking at each other the decided the best thing to do is say they never found them, after call who would believe them if they said they just disappeared. Not even a flash of light or a breeze of wind to mark their passing.
Annoyance starting to creep into her tone, “I tried but you were to deeply under. There was interference and I decided not to try breaking in. Whatever was going on, it wanted you and Gabriel alone to work on it.”
Then shame hit him as he realized how selfish that made him sound to only want Gabriel for protection. He didn’t, he wanted him for many things, but being able to give his brother concrete peace of mind, in knowing Sam had someone powerful watching his back, was a massive factor. He owed Dean so much and frankly he owed himself as well. He had given up many chances for happiness over the years. Given up relationships because if he took them up, he would abandon his brother. Who would let him go if it’s what Sam wanted, always wanting to do right by his little brother. But to leave Dean alone, at least before he made a match of it with Castiel, was not to be thought of.
“We don’t have a few hours Cass, we need to find whatever those things are and kill them.” It was even more important because no doubt the cops and ambulances were on the way. They needed to get out of there before they were caught.
Dean was hard pressed to look at the Snake God, its scales glimmered in all the colors found in nature, and even a few that weren’t. Two fangs, as long as Dean’s entire body, grew from his upper jaws dripping a gooey green substance, which when a drop hit one of the doomed creatures made it explode. Opening his 30 foot snout, he let loose the same shrieks of sound one would hear when metal support beams were ripped apart. Then he dived towards the beings which had trapped him, feathered tail whipping back and forth. Snatching one demon in his jaws, he bit down and cut it in half before tossing the body back into the hole. He chased after more of his captors, squeezing, slicing, poisoning them all. His coils of tail lashing out and pulverizing nearly anything which moved. The demons screamed as they fled back into the hole from where they came. The God blasting the entrance with shafts of light from his summer set wings, forcing them to flee even faster. Returning to the lowest level of Hell to lick their wounds and hope their Master would forgive them for failing.
Waving his left hand, he smugly blasted 20 service members directly into the trees, listening to their howls of pain and suffering with pleasure. His mate suffered so much, took so much pain unto himself, to protect those who knew not what walked in their world. It was only fair for others to share in his pain. His hunter had almost died tonight and only through luck did he survive. The Angel heard as more orders were shouted, to bring everything they had, calling on the radio for air support, he smirked at their silly hopes.
Her eyes lit up with awe and profound belief. Gripping him by his jacket she started crying her thanks, going on and on about how grateful her family and her entire town will be. She kept going till Cass gently pulled away from her, seeing her look at him with questions in her eyes. “Por favor, discúlpeme, necesito ver a mi barrio, él también está aquí para ayudar, pero lo que sea que esté afectando a su ciudad también lo está afectando a él y debo averiguar la causa de ello.” (Please excuse me, I need to see to my ward, he is also here to help but whatever is affecting your town is also affecting him, and I must find out the cause of it.)
“Oh if you only knew, go get your car then take me somewhere we can talk. I’ll explain what you need to know about that crew.”
Patting his shoulder, trying to reassure him, “No worries buddy, let’s head out and see if we can catch this whatever it is before it attacks.”
Rowena’s eyes softened at his whispered words, wishing she could help more. But there wasn’t much on Angel matings that she knew of. She had looked as soon as she heard about Dean and Cass bonding, hoping to learn more, and maybe use what she knew as leverage for the next time she needed a favor. “And it's only going to get worse probably with Dean having to do this spell?”
“Shit, that’s why it’s so god damn hot in here.” He looked down at his bare torso covered in shiny glittery bits, his face contorting into the most disgusted Sam had see on it in a while. “Crap, now I know where all the glitter came from. I’m covered in fairy guts. Gross, I need a shower like now, that’s just so nasty. Why does this shit always happen to me?” He rubbed his hands down his arms, trying to brush the rainbow colors off. Succeeding only in sprinkling it in the air and snorting it in, causing him to sneeze once more.
“No, and whatever he’s doing is making my wings itch,” Dean grumbled, trying to use the back of his chair to relieve his itch.
“Sure, I could use a place to crash tonight, but I’m gonna head out in the morning.  I’m on my way to a werewolf hunt I just heard about,” Garth replied.
"This? This is a vessel," Cas replied, looking down at his vessel like it was a strange and alien thing.
Energy rushed out of Dean's back, and he suddenly felt a huge jolt as his wings spread out and put the brakes on their free-fall.  Pain flared through his wings and where they connected to his body, but the important thing was that they now seemed to be gliding instead of falling.  More importantly, Dean had managed to keep Sam firmly in his arms despite the jolt.
<Yes but Cas is the only good angel> Dean signed, putting his arm around Cas’ shoulders.  Dean pulled Cas up flush against his side and gave him a big smile, emerald eyes sparkling with pride.  Between Dean’s touch and the way that he was looking at Cas, Cas felt a fluttering inside his heart and his breath hitched slightly.  Cas could get lost in those eyes.
"Even if you had broken, it wouldn't have been your fault. I've never heard of any other human lasting as long under a master torturer like Alastair," Cas insisted with such certainty that Dean really wanted to believe him. "But I am glad that I got separated from the rest of my garrison so that I could find you in time and spare you that pain."
“Of course.  My apologies,” Cas replied, his face going from excited to dejected so fast that it gave Dean whiplash.  Damn – that kicked puppy expression could give Sam a run for his money.  Dean immediately felt bad for chastising Cas just for teaching him new important stuff about his wings.  Better to find out now than the next time they encountered another angel.
“I am touching you Dean – just not the physical part of your wing,” Cas responded patiently (although he sounded slightly smug).
“I never asked you to,” Dean snapped.  “Besides, classic rock shirts aren’t cheap and I lose enough of them to hunting as is.”  Dean was already mourning the Black Sabbath shirt that he had caught Sam cutting holes in, although that did give him an excuse to wear it a lot while he was stuck at home.
"What? No silver knives or holy water?" Dean asked half-jokingly as he tried to choke back his tears. Sam scoffed, and Dean could just picture the eye roll that Sam was probably giving him.
"You seem to be in perfect physical health," Cas reported. (Did he just use angel mojo to scope Dean out?)
"First, allow yourself to have your wings out. Your soul wants to manifest your wings – let it," Cas instructed. Dean felt like making some smart-alec comment about how would Cas know what his soul wants, but he bit his tongue.
Dean could tell the moment that Sam completed the angel warding symbol.  He could definitely sense an invisible barrier between him and Sam.  It felt very cold and hard, like a void of energy that just screamed “wrong” at all his senses.
“Fascinating Sam, but I’m more interested in what they are doing in this century,” Dean interrupted before his brother could start a long geeky lecture on medieval demons.
Cas must have sensed Dean’s strained panting between moans, because he pulled back and blushed adorably in a way that was completely opposite to the more dominant angel he’d been mere seconds before.
Cas initially froze.  He gave Dean a look in the rear view mirror that clearly said, “Dean – this is not the appropriate time or place for this,” and nervously glanced towards the still-oblivious Sam.  But Dean knew just how to make Cas completely forget that Sam was even there.  Dean worked his fingers through the feathers to stroke the skin around the base of the quills.  Cas quickly fluffed up his feathers in happiness.  Dean took this as a green light to explore all of Cas’ wings with his fingers – slowly, inch by inch.  Normally Cas would be moaning up a storm by now.  The music on the car stereo skipped a few times though, which showed that Cas was losing control in other areas.  But unfortunately, the music skipping was enough to get Sam on alert for any potential problems.
“How many fingers, Dean?” Cas asked.  Dean sighed as he tried to consciously sense where Cas’ hand was, including those wonderful fingers that he wanted so badly to be in his feathers and not just hovering above them.  His hunter instincts were screaming at him to use his other senses to fill in the gaps in his knowledge.  Before he even realized what he was doing, his eyes had sought out a reflection on a glass door of a cabinet.  But Cas must have caught on to him somehow, because the next second all of the lights went out.
Henriksen had arrived at the meeting spot early.  He looked really weird in normal clothes, but his stiff FBI posture didn't really help him blend in.
"Get out of here. There is no such thing," Dean snapped back before his brain could remind his mouth that mouthing off against something this powerful was a very stupid thing to do.
“Right – ‘cause I’ve just been imagining you two playing tonsil hockey every spare minute for the past two weeks,” Sam retorted.  “Trust me, with the way you two can’t stop making goo-goo eyes at each other, it’s already plenty obvious even without the backpacks.”  Dean rolled his eyes.  Seriously?  He and Cas did NOT make goo-goo eyes at each other.
“Dean – that is futile.  Any object that was last touched by an angel or an angel’s grace is also repelled by the warding – otherwise it would pose little hindrance to us,” Cas explained.
The troll screeched to a halt when it saw the burning pile of logs.  It roared at Dean, and started circling him, trying to find a way to get to him without getting too close to the fire.  But Dean didn’t have time to waste waiting for the troll to come to him.  So he started throwing hunks of burning wood at the troll.  The first one landed on one of the troll’s feet.  The troll howled in pain, hopping on one foot while it tried to swat at the fire burning on its other foot.  Dean took that opportunity to throw another chunk of burning wood – and beaned the troll right between the eyes.  With another holler of pain, the troll fell over with an earthshaking crash.  Then, while it was riling on the ground in agony, it evaporated into thin air, just like the blue ox had previously.
Nobody in their small group needed to be told twice as they all started racing towards the castle while the giants were preoccupied.  It was hard to run with the ground shaking so violently under their feet, and without realizing it, Dean brought his wings out again to help balance himself.  They didn't slow down until they were at least a mile away, which wasn't very far for a giant, but they were out of breath.  The earthquakes from the giants fighting weren't quite as strong here at least as they pressed forward.
‘Hey baby I’m ready for whatever you want to do to me. I won’t fight what I’ve earned and I did push you over what we had agreed on. So please do with me as you wish.’ He wiggled his ass bringing attention to the fact he actually had a pillow under him, allowing him to raise his ass to the perfect height for any attention his Angel may want to give it.
To cover for the real reason why he was wiggling he looked at him out of the corner of his eye over his shoulder. “It tickles damn it.”
Castiel waited for his advance, knowing Dean was behind him and waiting tensely. He knew his mate had his own blade ready to drop, along with his gun if needed. He watched and when the panther was within a few feet of him, he put his palm out to direct him to stop. All watched shocked as he did exactly that, still standing but head raised to meet the Angel’s, acknowledging him as a fellow predator. Lowering his hand, he began to speak in rapid fire sentences no one could follow. His hunter tried to follow but he was speaking way to fast, so he contented himself with watching all the creatures staring at them. No way was that normal or comfortable, but there wasn’t much else he could do.
Scowling as he looked at the massive amount of forests around them. “Couldn’t we have done this later?” They had a job to get to and taking a side trip for no real reason was a waste of time.
Cas’s fingertips trace patterns over his back and shoulders, leaving a warm, tingling feeling in their wake. The pressure feels divinely intimate, like the heat is sinking through his skin and deep into his bones. He feels loved – wholly, intensely, recklessly – and he doesn’t know what to do with the feeling.
, crosses the room, Dean’s breath catches in his throat. Working at the saloon, he'd seen plenty of men in a variety of states of undress, but Cas was beautiful, handsome, muscular in ways Dean hadn't imagined -- what with the way Cas always hid behind layers and layers.
“Could you make soup? Jack’s unwell.” He hates asking Dean to go out of his way, especially for a child he isn’t necessarily responsible for, but sometimes Cas thinks Dean
Cas clears his throat, “I’ve been living with Dean, and he’s wonderful – truly wonderful—we read and cook together, and his insight is marvelous; he’s taught me so much. However, he’s been strange since Jack arrived. Today, he hit him for playing with his mourning dolls – a misunderstanding, but it rattled me. Anna, you’re the only family I have left – tell me what I should do.”
“I want to see you ride me,” It’s the filthiest thing Dean has ever heard out of son-of-a-preacher, Phoenix-deputy, you’ll-call-me-my-full-name Castiel’s mouth and it only sends him slipping further and further into the haze of lust. A long, breathy string of
“My ship leaves tomorrow at noon. You may visit when you stop wearing mom’s clothes and learn to celebrate the life you’ve been given. Until then, I’ll be sending money weekly on the promise that you stay here in London.” He procures a slip of paper with his new address written across the top and passes it to Dean before gathering him into a tight, quick hug.
“Any money you have left over is yours to spend. Get something for your brother too. I’ll be at the cemetery when you’re done.” With a kiss on both their foreheads, she’s off, stopping to talk to everyone along the way.
“You heard me, Mary. You’re setting a bad example for your boys, disrespecting their father like that.” Agatha spat. She was a plump woman of middle age. Her kids all worked at the local electric plant and had married and moved out. Now an empty-nester, she spends her time in the business of all the other neighborhood women.
Word travels fast in their small little town, especially when the word involves John Winchester’s greatest failure.
Cas never pushes or pulls like the faceless men at the saloon do. He pets, holds, and waits patiently for Dean to compose himself. Dean calms under Cas’s hands, pressing one more kiss to his upper thigh before giving into his base desires and swallowing Cas down.
Cas gasps again at that, “We’re leaving,” he sets Jack down and kneels beside him, “darling, go pack up, we’re going to go stay with Aunt Anna for a little while, ok?” With a kiss to his forehead, Jack runs upstairs to start packing.
“You’re distressed” The voice comes from nowhere and everywhere all at once. It’s barely a whisper but it clashes like an untuned saloon piano in his head, echoing off his skull over and over and over. It’s startling, sudden - overwhelming. Heat wells up behind Dean’s eyes. He’s going to cry. He’s going to cry. He doesn’t know why he doesn’t want Castiel to see him so weak - the man has seen him at his absolute worst; out of his mind with grief and whiskey, begging for…
Cas wakes up to the smell of baked goods floating through the air. He shifts over to Dean’s side of the bed, curling into the barely-warm spot he’d left behind and pressing his face against the pillow. He’d wanted to spend the morning sleeping in with Dean, but freshly-baked breakfast treats tempt him out of bed without complaint.
you don’t want to stay another night? Positive?” Anna places her hands on Castiel’s shoulders and stares him down.
The movement catches Cas’s attention, and he moves one hand from Dean’s hip to his cock, stroking in long, elegant sweeps and thumbing at the leaking slit. Dean throws his head back and damn near bites through his tongue.
He could sit for hours and get lost in the way the blue embroidery in the shawl makes Cas’s eyes look like the exact shade of blue as the sky was on the day they picked berries together, but the eerie silence makes his skin crawl – something is wrong.
“Oh, that’s only for the first hundred or so we make – a promotional collector’s edition, if you will,” Kevin clarifies. Dean had no idea his engineer was such a sales expert. Perhaps if he ever grew tired of working, he could offer Kevin his position.
Cas dabs his eyes, suddenly overwhelmed by the idea of having to decide for himself. Stay? Leave? The implications of both spin around his head until he feels dizzy and desperate, “I don’t know what to do,” he admits.
Dean smiles, gesturing to the pot of soup on the stove already, “He didn’t look well this afternoon when I made lunch. Here,” He ladles some broth into a bowl and hands it to Cas, “it’s my mother’s recipe; he should be feeling better before you know it.”
They ride home as the sun sets. Jack is glued to the window, making up little stories about every person they pass – giving them voices and grandiose accents. He tries an American accent, and it’s so terrible, it makes Cas smile until his jaw aches –
“No arguing, my friend. I think it best that you sleep. Allow me to take care of everything else for the night.
Strong hands brush through Dean’s hair, tugging at the ends before smoothing out the discomfort with soft fingertips. He looks up at Cas through his eyelashes, silently begging for Cas’s blue eyes to ground him in comfortable familiarity. Cas has his eyes screwed shut in pleasure, and his mouth is moving in words Dean can’t quite make out through the haze of desire muddying up all of his senses. He redoubles his efforts, stopping only when Cas pulls his hair hard enough to push Dean back.
“I believe you wanted me to show you how much I want you. Allow me to demonstrate.” Cas moves back against the headboard, and Dean struggles to get enough coordination to join him. As soon as he’s up off the floor, he’s pulled close -- he’s staring down those brilliant blue eyes and breathing into Cas’s mouth. Cas tastes like mint and coffee, and Dean licks greedily behind his teeth for more.
Sheriff Dean Winchester throws the first punch before panic cuts through him like a bullet. Sheriff Dean Winchester picks flight for the first time since John Winchester died.
As he helps put the kids to bed, he’s reminded of the times Ben would fall asleep in the carriage on the way home from hunting. He’s reminded of Kevin falling asleep on his desk. He’s reminded of the afternoons he spent helping Mary settle Sam down for a nap.
“Anna, I’m sure. I love Dean, truly. I have faith in the fact that we’ll work things out. I think he and Jack just got off on the wrong foot – don’t look at me like that, I’m not saying he was justified in hitting Jack, I’m saying it’s never going to happen again.” Cas takes a step forward and hugs her tight, “Thank you for everything, Anna. I promise to visit more.”
“Well, you can start by taking your stuff up to the guest room. Unwind, I’ll take care of the little one for a while,” She sends Cas off, whisking Jack away to the kitchen.
Jack grins, and it lights up the room. In another life, he could be the star of printed advertisements, charming the corporate world with his angelic features. It sends the briefest shock of regret through Dean’s brain. It dissipates when Jack, halfway through a muffin already, excitedly hugs him, chocolate-sticky crumby smile pressed against Dean’s grey shirt.
Jack lights up, happy to be Anna’s helper for the day. He dutifully mixes the nuts and sugar and molasses, only getting a little bit over the side of the bowl and on the table.
, the voice in the back of his head whispers, and the thought tears a moan from his throat. He drops down the rest of the way and tries to breathe. It’s like he can feel Cas through his whole body. It’s overwhelming and comforting at the same time.
He puts the dress, petticoat, and stays in a box and squirrels the box away under his bed for safekeeping.
While Cas changes into pajamas, Dean rolls over to his own side, making room for Cas on the other side of the bed. Cas slides into the warm spot and pulls Dean close to him, “We need to talk in the morning.”
Kevin makes a breakthrough nearly right away, designing and a new prototype for a handgun, sleek and silver. The design he submits is stunning, but what really sells Dean is the winding engraved designs along the grip and barrel.
“Good. I’m glad. If you accept my appointment, you’ll have more time to do so. You’ll be able to improve like you want to
By the time Cas has composed himself and comes downstairs, Jack is giggling and scooping leftover brittle mix out of the bowl with his hands, licking and biting at his fingers as Anna flits around him with a wet washcloth, trying to keep him from getting too sticky. Cas smiles from the doorway.
“Aint been round here in months and now you think you can just be our sheriff? John must’a smacked you boys ‘round harder than I thought.”
“The hell do you know about my habits, James?” Cold sweat, hot sweat, cold sweat, hot sweat, an anxiety tremor that felt like earthquakes wracking his body, “’You this much of a scoundrel when it comes to everybody, or just me?”
By the time Cas has carried him back into the house and up to his bedroom, Jack has slipped into a fitful, uneasy sleep. He whimpers when Cas sets him down and tucks him into bed. As soon as he quiets again, Cas kisses his forehead and rushes to the kitchen to find Dean.
But no, that’s him. That’s Dean in front of the mirror but it’s also Mary and it makes his head spin.
Jack is asleep by the time they reach Anna’s, so Cas gathers up their bags in one hand and his baby in the other, making his way up through her garden path and to her front door.
his brain supplies, but he’s unable to get his mouth to focus on anything other than being wet, warm, and ready.
Cas hums, bringing a spoonful of broth to Jack’s mouth. He manages a few spoonfuls before he turns away, burrowing his face into Cas’s chest above his heartbeat.
Her veil sits at the back of her closet, dusty after all the years of not being worn. Dean wonders how it would feel to wear it, just for a moment. He wants so badly to feel her gentle hands again – the veil would surely give some semblance of that.
Castiel shakes his head, “No, no. Oh, sister, I have so much to tell you. I’ve been disowned; I’m living with a… friend –”
“Cas… Cas, why can’t you just realize that nobody wants me? My momma died, my dad wanted my mom, not me. My own brother -
And so Dean lets go, stares down the barrel of fight and flight and chooses neither. He chooses instead to trust-fall backwards.
Another lamp, the end table itself, knick-knacks on the coffee table that make him ache for a normal life. Nothing is enough. Maybe if he stomps down to the indoor range-
Charlie catches him by the arm and leads him to the dining hall. She opens a locked cupboard and pours them both a quarter glass of amber liquid.
He stands and shoves at the nearest object – a lamp on the side table. It shatters to the ground but it isn’t
Cas melts against him, pressing a kiss into his shoulder, “Oh, Beloved, what a sweet gesture. I should also apologize; I overreacted and said things I didn’t mean. I wouldn’t leave you, Dean, not after all we’ve been through together.”
Cas stands up from where he’s been pulling weeds, “Jack, baby, are you feeling well? We don’t live with grandfather anymore; we live with Dean. You go to public school here in the city now.”
Cas catches his arm, twisting them around and walking him backwards into the siding of his own house. Dean’s back hits the uneven logs. His mind races, looking for a way to get away or go down fighting.
“You should learn to respect me – I saved you before and I’ll save you again. This is your ticket out. No more nights spent servicing men, no more skipping meals to save money, no more secret life in a different town. You can settle, relax.” The sweep of Cas’s thumb against the back of his hands is strangely intimate. He grits his teeth against it.
“Dean…” Cas grabs Dean’s hands, running his fingers along the ugly mess of scar tissue, “your father put his obsession with revenge over the safety of his sons. You are a righteous man, Dean Winchester. You are guided by love, not obsession.”
“Auntie Anna? We’re at your house already?” Jack blinks awake, taking in the small, cozy feeling of Anna’s kitchen. He zeroes in on the basket of ingredients on the table, “Almonds? Anna, Anna, can we make almond brittle? Can we?”
Three days later, Charlie comes down with the same fever. Despite Dean’s best efforts, she’s gone within the week.
Cas tightens his grip, starts making calming noises. Again with the skittish animal act, again with the coaxing a wolf to eat from his hand like a housecat. It has the opposite effect. Dean thrashes, scratches, considers biting – anything to get out. Cas moves his hand from Dean’s hair to his eyes, and his world goes dark. With sight gone, the universe narrows down to his other senses – the steady rise and fall of Cas’s chest, the beat of his heart against Dean’s back; the smell and sound of the nighttime desert air coming in through the windows. Breath by breath, he calms, until he’s nearly boneless in Cas’s arms.
Walking over he took the seat left open for him, menu already in place along with a glass of ice water. Dean had a beer in front of him while Sam settled for ice tea. He still didn’t have a clue as to what was so special about this dinner, but he was hungry and food was sounding better every minute. Opening the book style menu he found himself looking at the usual choice of breakfast items, pancakes, eggs, those sort of things. Lunch and dinner options of the typical hamburger or cheap steak options. Though it seemed, if the picture was to be believed, a really good chicken salad option. When Cass turned the only page in the menu to the next side, his heart melted into a puddle of goo.
“Cass move please.” Begged his mate, pushing back needing what friction he could get even if Cass was being a dick.
Jason quickly headed out of the diner looking both ways down the street. He couldn’t see either man and there was no way he would miss them from here. There were no alleys they could sneak down in the minutes he was trying to restart his brain. Nor were any of the citizens alarmed as they would be if the men had tried to run before he followed them. No they had just disappeared.
“What do you think Cass? Follow him?” Before Cass could answer the cat popped his head back out, snarled loudly then returned to the darkness. “I guess that answered that question. You go first buddy.” Dean waved his hand to invite Cass to step in front of him.
Dean could care less, they had his mate and they would pay. Firming his grip “Hold on Sammy, this isn’t going to be fun.”
“Great, fine guess we better fly out and see what we can find.” Shaking his hand of the last of the water, he released his wings, stretching them before doing a few down strokes to warm them up.
“Wings Cass, use my wings.” Dean demanded, propping himself up with his arms to put his wings in easy reach.
Sam could clearly see the twinkle in his blue eyes, he was teasing his mate and no doubt he would do so again when the opportunity presented itself. Oh yes Cass was a steadying influence on Dean, but Dean was bringing out the Angel’s true personality. Showing him it was okay to have fun, to not take things as seriously, and learning how to tease, joke around and simply have fun.
“If you want you can take this to him, unless you want me to?” He raised an eyebrow but his eyes twinkled.
“Yeah Cass it says here trolls don’t believe in Christianity, so they might have a natural resistance to holy or heavenly magic. You could hit them with everything you got, and might not do much or anything. Says in the lore they have a lot of resistances to natural and supernatural elements.” Sam informed him as he took his laptop back and began reading more.
Slicing, grinding and mixing the various ingredients, he poured them all into the skull, before saying the words needed to activate the spell. He smiled as the spell began to pulse, each one getting stronger as it attacked those weak points. Soon he would have all that he deserved.
Face smashed up against the truck, he spoke as best he could out of the side of his jaw. “Monster, look we need to find her body, we can kill her if we can find it.”
Next thing he knew he was flying through the air and crashing through the glass window of another office. Broken pieces cut into his skin, slicing his jacket, his clothes,  causing him to bleed and distracting him with the minor pains. Well, not so minor in one instance, where a large piece buried itself deep in his forearm as he landed. Grunting at the impact, dropping his shotgun as he tried to stem the bleeding, he cast his gaze around him. Looking for whoever had thrown him, and seeing nothing.
Hey all, got another chapter done. Lots of fluff and stuff in this one. A bit of H/C but not bad. Oh and cussing.
Sam walking closer to Dean asked pensively. “Dean are you sure?” He had done many things to help Dean when they were both hurt. But to actually cut off his wings? No, just the idea of it was turning his stomach.
Turning to the person behind the counter, he took in the sight of an older matron staring at them with worry and concern. Returning his gaze to Dean,Z he was just in time to catch him as he collapsed against his shoulder.
“Fuck Cass… oh yeah… make me come…” Dean panted as he spread his legs wider, groaning once more as Cass started sucking on him again. He was growing super sensitive and knew the next time he came it would be even more intense. He was to be given no control over what was being done to him. He was looking forward to it, it wasn’t often Cass decided to get this intense with him.
‘I know.’ And he did know and he made sure to lace his feelings towards his Angel, letting him feel how much he also cared.
Cassie was taller than him but not by much, not nearly as strong power wise. Hell he wasn’t even Seraph rank officially, but something was off about him. He had an aura that hinted he was much more than what even he knew about himself. Gabe had tried to find out what made Castiel different than his brothers or Balthazar, but Dad would only say, like him, he had reasons for making Castiel the way he had. He had been annoyed Dad wouldn’t tell him but let it go, in favor of just what a friend and eventual brother he had in the younger Angel. Though younger was relative because he came into existence about a thousand years after him.
“What?  No…,” Dean started to ask, startled as to why Sam had suddenly jumped a few feet away from him.  Then he noticed a few of his feathers floating to the ground.
"Juanita?" Shayna called quietly as she approached.  Everyone had been keeping a constant watch for giants (and it wasn't likely the giants could sneak up on them) but nobody was taking any chances of being overheard.
“Dean – don’t!” Cas protested, but Dean wasn’t listening.  Protecting Sam was all he could think about.  He ran head first into the invisible wall.  Only, this time it didn’t feel like a completely solid wall.  It felt more like running into a wall made of jello – things still bounced off of it, but with enough effort maybe, just maybe, you could cut through it…
“Not a chance,” Dean agreed.  Not that this was a “date” but he liked the idea of being out in nature, just him and Cas.
"Doesn't matter so long as we can keep Dean out of Hell long enough to screw over their plans for good," Gabriel replied.
Dean wasn’t even aware that he’d stopped and closed his eyes until he sensed Cas watching him with amusement.  He felt himself turning red as he opened his eyes, but Cas was smiling encouragingly at him.
Sam burst out laughing at Dean’s confusion and rising anger.  When he caught his breath, Sam held up a piece of paper with an angel warding sigil on it.  The string of obscenities that came out of Dean’s mouth in response would have made even pirates turn pale.
“Cas?  What’s wrong?” Sam asked, noticing Cas biting his lip and a little bit of sweat on Cas’ brow.  Angels usually didn’t sweat – only on special occasions like when Dean had taken Cas to the brothel.
Even just breaking open the roof of the pine box was enough to have dirt cascading down on top of him. Dean struggled to make the hole big enough to climb through before the coffin completely filled with dirt and cut off the last of his air. Still, he couldn't get a breath in that didn't accidentally include some dirt. Rather than hacking up a lung trying to get the dirt out again after every breath, Dean tried to hold his breath as he made a mad dash for the surface. It'd really suck to finally come back to the world of the living only to die again before he even got out of his coffin.
"So what – just because you are big and powerful, doesn't mean that I'm gonna buy that you're an angel. What's next? You gonna claim God is real too?" Dean yelled, even though he had a feeling that the gigantic being in front of him could hear him just fine even if he only whispered.
Dean could really get used to waking up to Cas grooming his feathers.  Dean hummed and leaned his wings into the touch.
When Dean woke up he was disoriented. It took him a moment to realize that he had a physical body again. He had almost forgotten what it felt like. Dean was somewhere cold, dark, and cramped. Fumbling around, he found a lighter in his pocket just where he always used to keep it. When he flicked it on, his fears were confirmed. Dean was back in his old body alright – trapped six feet under.
“Matching backpacks?” Dean sputtered.  He could hardly believe he was seeing the two brightly colored blue and green backpacks in front of him.
Meanwhile, lessons with Cas continued.  Dean was very skilled at not overthinking things and just letting his instincts guide him to know where Cas’ hand was.
“You want to go hiking?” Sam questioned with a raised eyebrow.  “And you’ve already picked out a spot?”
"Juanita and I just had our engagement party, and a short man with light brown hair approached us at the dessert table near the end of the party and told us that he wanted to bless us with great riches.  He gave us three beans and a piece of paper with instructions.  Juanita and I didn't really believe him at first, but we thought we'd plant the beans anyway just for a laugh.  The beanstalk grew almost instantly.  Juanita loves adventure, and begged me to climb up with her.  But at the top there were giants – just like in the fairy tale.  We tried to escape before they caught us, but one of them grabbed Juanita just before we reached the beanstalk.  I didn't think I could fight off two giants by myself, so I called Vic for help...," Shayna explained.  She was holding it together pretty well, but her eyes betrayed that she was terrified of whatever might be happening to Juanita right now.  Dean tried not to think about the stories of giants grinding people's bones to make their bread.  In his experience, these stories usually didn't have happy endings, but he hoped that this time would be different.
His eyes particularly kept getting drawn to the birds flying about.  He’d never paid that much attention to birds before, but now that he had wings too he found them much more interesting.  He watched how gracefully they soared through the sky, some of them seeming to glide with so little effort, others flapping up a storm to even go short distances.  Dean’s own wings started twitching with kinship and a strange sort of yearning… Dean quickly shook his head and diverted his eyes back towards the ground, the place where humans belonged.  If he was going to be getting any strange feelings of kinship with birds, he wanted it to be something like an ostrich or a penguin – birds that were sensible enough to keep both feet firmly on the ground.
"Sammy behind you!" Dean shouted in warning as one of the vampires was about to stab Sam in the back.
"Holy shit!" Dean exclaimed, cranking his head back as far as it would go as he gazed upward.  He was amazed at the sight of the massive beanstalk in front of him, but his stomach was already dropping at the prospect of having to climb that thing.
“Think of it as a utility belt – with large pockets on both sides,” Sam replied.  “Besides, I MacGyvered part of it from a real utility belt.  Come on Dean – you need someplace to store your gear.  I already packed it up with extra flashlights, water, rope, snacks,….”
"Dean!" Sam yelped in a voice so high pitched that it would have been comical in any other circumstances.  Dean decided to stop trying to think about how to move his wings, and just tell his soul where he wanted the wings to take him.  If his soul wanted these wings so badly, maybe it had some instincts about how to move them.
“Let me take a look,” Cas said with a sigh.  Finally Cas was going to touch his wings!  Cas’ touch was much lighter and more clinical than usual, but it was still a welcome relief.
The two of them continued down the trail for a little way.  The wind was still slightly distracting to Dean, but it felt good to be moving again.  Cas had been right – there was a great spot for a picnic right next to the water.  Dean couldn’t help grinning as he helped Cas unpack Cas’ backpack with the food (including the individual servings of pie that Sam had actually remembered to buy!).  This not-a-date was going perfectly.
<Nice to meet you Cas.  You are the first angel that I’ve met.  Do all of them sign as well as you do?> Eileen signed, looking him over and acting impressed.
The plan that the others came up with sounded do-able.  Well, at least Gabriel thought that Lilith would most likely show up, and if any of the other angels were watching, they shouldn’t realize the change in plans until it was too late to interfere.  Gabriel still insisted that he wasn’t going to get directly involved in the fighting because he didn’t want to blow his whole ‘personal witness protection program’ thing.  However Gabriel did agree to get some of his trickster buddies to play a few crucial roles in the plan.
“What, and miss the opportunity to play with one of my new toys?” the demon snarked.  “The Winchesters turned angels – now this is an opportunity for research beyond my wildest dreams!  I’ll start with the more advanced one, but don’t worry, you’ll get your turn soon princess.”  Dean blinked for a second before he got the implications of what the demon said.
Shayna was apparently in amazing shape because she was leading the pack, despite how sore she should have already been from just having done this insane climb just two days ago.  Sam was a few body lengths behind Shayna, and Dean was a few feet behind Sam.  Dean knew that he was climbing slower than usual because of his nerves, but he couldn't help double checking every grip before putting his weight on it.  Cas was apparently concerned about how nervous Dean was, because the angel didn't leave Dean's side, even though the nerdy dude probably could have beaten them all to the top if he'd wanted.  Henriksen had fallen behind, his life of too much pencil pushing and not enough fighting monsters catching up to him.  But Henriksen was nothing if not tenacious, and he kept going no matter how heavy his breathing got.  The air was probably a bit thinner up here, but Dean didn't really notice.  Thanks to the gloves everyone had had the foresight to wear, he didn't have blisters yet, but it was probably just a matter of time.
“Angel senses, Sam – angel senses,” Dean reminded him.  Dean tried to go back to scoping out the cave remotely, but the bright light was too distracting.  His concentration had been broken.  Now all he could see was the tiny portion of the cave illuminated by Sam’s headlamp.  Dean felt his wings droop.
“Yeah – we’ve done all we can for now.  I’ll translate the text back at the bunker and we’ll go from there,” Sam replied.  “Thanks for coming Garth – do you want to come back to the bunker with us?”
Cas felt his vessel’s heart pounding.  Was Dean just teasing him or did Dean actually reciprocate his feelings?
<So do you want to make out?> Dean continued, repeating his other earlier mistake.  Cas sighed, his eyes subconsciously drawn to Dean's soft pink lips at the thought.
“When your wings are bigger, your car won’t have enough space to accommodate them until you learn to make them insubstantial,” Cas continued.  Dean cringed at the thought of not being able to drive his Baby.
“There are hot springs in that direction.  This area has a lot of them, and they all smell like sulfur, just like the demons do,” Sam explained.  The wind coming from that tunnel did feel warmer than the wind from the other tunnel, so there probably were hot springs down there.
“Demon-on-demon violence – that’s not ominous at all,” Dean deadpanned and sighed.  “So we’re done here?”
<Penis masturbation> Dean signed with a wicked grin.  Dean then proceeded to wrap his lips around the straw and make pornographic noises while drinking.
Without even thinking about it, Dean’s squirrel face leaned in the final two inches to reach Cas, and started licking Cas’ face.  When he realized what he was doing, Dean startled and tried to pull away, but Cas just pulled him closer.  Cas let emotions of love and adoration flow into Dean.  It only took Dean a moment to get with the program and turn so that his human mouth could meet Cas’ eager lips.  The angel was clearly very inexperienced with kissing, but he made up for it with enthusiasm.  Dean moaned in pleasure once Cas figured out how much Dean liked it when Cas licked his way into Dean’s mouth.  He could have sworn that Cas actually started purring once Dean’s fingers found their way to Cas’ hair.
Meanwhile, Dean kind of liked the water droplets because they, like the occasional gust of wind in the cave, caused movements and vibrations so Dean’s still-developing angel senses could pick them up more easily.  Even after hours of being down here, Dean still couldn’t sense the rocky part of the cave unless they all turned their headlamps off, or otherwise completely blocked the light from reaching his eyes.  But Dean tried anyway to keep his senses on alert – demons would make vibrations that he should be able to feel.
“Look Cas, I’m sorry for freaking out so bad,” Dean continued.  “This is going to be more of an adjustment than I realized before.  But I will adjust, Cas, so don’t go researching ways to turn me back.  I don’t want that.”
"Yes, but the higher ups didn't plan on you doing it so quickly.  They wanted Dean to break first so we'd be one step closer to the apocalypse," Gabriel explained.  Dean's head spun as he tried to wrap his head around the extreme size of this revelation.  In Hell they had tried to get him to break for thirty years, and he had very nearly broken.  Was that not bad enough without forcing him to help them start the apocalypse next?  Besides, weren't angels supposed to be the good guys?
Dean knew before he even opened his eyes that his wings had come out during his sleep again.  He groaned, but he begrudgingly admitted to himself that they felt nice.  Dean felt more relaxed, comfortable, and at peace with himself than he remembered ever having been before.  His soul was happy, and that was a very freeing sensation.  He could sense Cas nearby watching him.  If anyone else had been watching him like this Dean would find it creepy, but for some reason it felt strangely natural.  This was probably not at all what his mom had pictured when she'd told Dean that 'angels were watching over him' but the spirit of that sentiment was probably here.  Dean wasn't ready to try to label whatever warm emotions he could sense coming from Cas, or any of his own emotions, but it felt right.  Somehow Dean knew that Cas smiled back at him when he thought that.  He could feel Cas smiling at him.  Okay, that was a bit weird, but it didn't feel like a bad thing.
<I can help you make breakfast> Cas signed.  He knew that Dean was usually hungry first thing in the morning.  Cas didn’t really need to eat, but he sometimes ate when Dean cooked because it made Dean very happy to share meals with him.  According to Sam, this was because Dean was “nesting” with extra enthusiasm since Cas had moved into the bunker with them.
"Coward," Sam muttered.  Gabriel glared at him with hurt in his eyes, but didn't get a chance to snap back an angry retort before a pissed off Cas got in Gabriel's face.
After they finally arrived in Hot Springs, South Dakota, Cas took a short solo flight around the area to scout, after promising not to investigate without backup.  Even though Cas wouldn’t be able to sense Balthazar while he was in a warded area, he would at least be able to sense angel warding if he got close enough.  Well, that was the theory anyway.  In reality, Cas came back frustrated and confused because he’d searched the entire area and found no trace of angel warding.
Somebody – anybody – help me. Dean knew that there was nobody coming for him, but that hadn't stopped him from dreaming of being saved. But it was just a dream. Maybe it was time to face reality. He had put up a valiant fight, but in the end this was a battle that he just couldn't win.
"Some part of you must have wanted them there," Cas countered. Dean shook his head to try to banish the memories of how comforting it had been to be cocooned in his wings like that.
"Well, I uh, woke up with wings this morning," Dean explained with a wince, but when neither Sam nor Bobby reached for silver, he relaxed a tiny bit as he continued.  "They're gone now, but Cas thinks they're a permanent part of me now, and until we figure things out my soul might do crazy stuff randomly."
"Shove it up your ass," Dean retorted feebly when the now familiar offer came yet again. The days when Dean could say it with venom seemed like a distant dream. It was getting harder and harder to keep fighting. After many years of trying to stay firm in his resolve to never break, Dean could feel his strength crumbling and knew that he didn't have very many protests left in him. Even though Dean wasn't much of one for believing in miracles, he knew that it would take a miracle to save him from caving in to Alastair's demands soon. More than anything, Dean didn't want to be turned into the kind of monster he'd spent his whole life fighting, but he was just too tired to keep fighting the good fight alone.
Leaning harder into his mate’s touch, he sighed as Dean closed his wings tighter around him. ‘Okay Dean you can do this, you can help Gabriel and do this bond thing with him. It’s only temporary lets just hope it’s very temporary. I’ll be next to you every step of the way. Though the thought of you being in that room with him does not sit well with me.’
Raising an eyebrow disbelief large on his face. “Right son want to try that again?” He put a little more force into his words.
His own steel shining as brightly as his Angel blade, ’Don’t you Cass me, we all go together mate, if you run off without me I’ll make you regret it.’
“Damn it,” Running a hand through his short hair, “It’s a spell which might help stabilize Gabe, problem is only I can read it, it seems.”
“Huh? Oh right, yeah I’ll take the Cobb salad, blue cheese dressing, large ice tea.” Sam stated absently, eyes still on Gabriel.
“We’re going in here?” He demanded, rhetorical really because it was the only place they could be heading.
Just what was so wrong with him anyway? Sure he had issues, major issues, he was the first to admit it to himself. But what actual part of him was so corrupted it made it impossible for Castiel to accept him? If he could only fix himself, if he just knew what was wrong with him he would do his best to fix it. He wanted the Angel, the Angel wanted him but refused to take him. So he would do what he knew Castiel wished, he would back off, accept he wasn’t worthy nor ever would be. He wouldn’t put any more pressure on the man he loved and hope it would be enough. Maybe it would even allow Castiel to be happy again, which would be awesome.
Then it finally hit him what he was actually looking at, especially as he moved and the feathers moved with him. Eyes bulging, as the idea which had just landed like a Marvel super hero, in his cortex, he jumped up, spinning around to somehow dispute the truth which was fluttering behind him.
“I hate you so much right now.” But there was no real heat behind his words. Or maybe there might be some passionate heat as the idea of being nailed hard always was pleasant. Besides he may kinda be feeling a little guilty for what he had done to his mate last night. Not the spanking cause to be honest he had barely even warmed his ass up. No it was leaving him to sleep as best he could with a hard on all night.
“I will deal with them.” His eyes were gently glowing, simmering with otherworldly determination and stubbornness. The authorities would not stop him from giving his mate the care he deserved. He turned towards the younger sibling, Voice deepening with threat, “Sam on your honor as a Winchester will you protect your brother while I deal with the police?”
Wiping his hands off, ignoring the Angel behind him, Dean scanned the trail they were on. “Jesus what the hell guys? You were going to drag me all the way down there?” The trail seemed to go on for hundreds of feet. “Why don’t we fly down? I can carry Charlie while the cat takes you Sam.”
“Yeah but I can feel you are hungry, and you are going to need to eat a lot for the next few days to supply the energy your body needs to finish the transfer of power. So sorry no morning sex till after breakfast.” He could feel Dean’s annoyance, but also his appreciation and affection for someone watching out for him and only him. No doubt in his mind Dean had no clue as to what he was broadcasting, he would inform him later, when their bond settled.
He hefted Dean higher to his shoulder, gripping him around the waist with his left while holding his arm over his shoulder with his right. About to make his way outside and to the room she gave him, he was stopped by a nervous arm on his elbow. “Sí?” (Yes?)
“I won’t but if he needs some privacy so he can get laid I want to give it to him.” He watched as Castiel’s eyes sparked in surprise before glittering with anticipation at the words get laid. Instantly changing gears as he felt his mate’s interest, “Hmm did I say something which was of interest to you?” He purred as Cass started stalking him.
Gabriel glared up at him, but couldn’t hold it, eyes instead looking about the room. Sam wondered what he would say when he started talking. Only to stop what he was doing as a rather unpleasant idea popped in his head. What if Gabriel was unable to speak? The condition they found him in didn’t preclude serious injury to his voice. Cass had done what he could but he couldn’t fix everything. A whimper and a nuzzle to his chest, accidentally rubbing on his nipple, brought his wandering attention back to his charge. “Oh sorry,” he said contritely as he once again put the juice box within reach of Gabe’s lips. Doing his best to ignore how good it had felt when Gabe had pressed against his nub. Honestly he didn’t need to subject the man to actions on his part which wouldn’t be welcome.
Sighing he obeyed, putting more power into his down sweeps, feeling how his weight shifted, how his legs began to tense.
Puck was tempted to blink for even he had not anticipated the brother’s receiving such an honor. It simply was not done.
It will take me a while to edit the next chapter because its about as long as this one which is 10K long.
Gabriel was famished to say the least, ever since the loss of his Grace he had had to eat a hell of a lot more often. Which he was fine with for the moment, as Sam was a pretty decent cook and he adored being spoiled by him. Except for their little butting head moments, they got along really well. Now they were at lunch and to him this was a big moment. He felt they were kinda on a date, what with both saying they wanted to get to know each other. Especially since Sam had taken him to one of the higher end diners in the area. The place used napkins brought to you, rather then just what was on a table dispenser. So high end indeed considering the typical financial woes he thought the Winchesters lived with.
Course when he eyed Dean’s wings, seeing how much they were like a falcon’s wing, the Angel wondered how fast he might be. Those wings were designed to cut through the air, at speeds which might even match an Angel. His own were once like an eagle’s wings, large, broad, capable of soaring for hours. He frowned, he missed flying so much, it had been a freedom he had taken for granted and lost.
“How the hell do you expect me to do that when I can’t see shit?” He complained when all he wanted to do was curl up into a ball and sleep. Oh and food and something to drink was on the list too.
‘It’s not nice to dump me in the filth,’ He whispered as he started lapping at Dean’s rim. He grinned as he heard Dean’s breath hitch. ‘It’s not nice to laugh at me.’ He buried his nose between his cheeks and speared him deep with his tongue, his mate shuddered. ‘But do you know what was the worst part?’ He started to chew at the puckered flesh.
Sam shook his head, “Not really, I can, but Dean does most of the cooking around here. He likes how it helps center him after a hard job.” He swallowed some coffee before continuing. “Castiel says it's one of the few outlets he has for creativity. Typically he keeps it well hidden, for all I have lived with him all of my life, Dean is a very private person about certain things.” Course he wished Dean was a little more private with his private life when it came to Cass. Those bastards were LOUD.
He was not disappointed as he found road maps ranging in age from 100 to 10 years ago. Checking them out he wasn’t disappointed to see old roads, trails, even rail lines through the selection. Best of all they were from all parts of North and South America, including quite a few he remembered from jobs past. If he had had these then it would have been a hell of a lot easier to find those old forgotten roads. He picked up all the ones he could find, including a few in Europe though he hoped he never had to go there. Course Cass could just fly them over so maybe having them won’t be so bad. The roads over there could be even harder to find in many parts.
His wings responded to his demands, power flowing from some source he couldn’t name, added more energy to his wing sweeps. Turning he could see the cops below him, along with his family and the monster they had come to fight. He could see she was looking for him, but was also keeping an eye on the woman who had the most delicious of prey growing within her. He knew she would turn away from hunting him and return to the woman if he didn’t distract her. So with the full light of the moon pressing down upon him, he flipped himself in the air, Angel blade held out as he had tried before. This time he was hidden from all sight save one, this time he would kill the bitch and save those he cared about.
‘Very, but if they try anything this forest will suddenly become a barren wasteland.’ Cass snarled as he made his feelings known. He WOULD defend his mate from anyone who threatened him.
As he recited his verses, the creatures which had invaded their central square slowly melted back into the lands. Their job done as they had accomplished what they had been sent to do. Which was to draw the attention of people powerful enough to free a being who still took his duty to watch over his people seriously. Even if they did not realize he still existed.
‘Then I’ll fix you you’re favorites when I get back in.’ Dean sent him a worried stroke down their shared link.
Opening the door he entered Gabriel’s room, walking to his bed side and taking the seat waiting there. One of the few benefits of Dean and Cass being gone, he was able to decorate the room with a few things he thought would help Gabe recover eventually. Gently smelling candles burned which Cass had remarked were the Archangel’s favorite. A mix tape of soothing sea and forest noises. Babbling brooks, ocean waves, wing whispering among branches of sturdy oak trees all with orchestra music playing in sync with the sounds of nature. Best of all he found a warm set of blankets which had a mosaic design of squares in amber and green colors.
“Sammy we need to move. The chance they are around here is minimal at the moment. We can’t hear them and we would if they in the area.”
It wouldn’t be right or proper to pursue him knowing what he was feeling wasn’t true. Which sucked big time because for all he was an arrogant, sneaky bastard, he was also at his core a good man. He could feel it, deep in his soul he knew Gabriel was kind and caring, he just wished he could have more. But he couldn’t, so it was best if he didn’t go down that rabbit hole of want. Course his cock wasn’t pleased and let him know with one last shiver of lust before softening in displeasure.
Deciding to change the subject, otherwise he might have to find a place to pull over and do wicked things to a certain celestial being, “Sammy how much further?”
More powerful wing beats keeping him and his Angel air borne he yelled over the sound. “You get the stuff you assholes buried. Cass and I will fly back to the camp grounds, start checking out the situation.”
“What did she do?” He looked once more around the room trying to spot her. He needed to reward her and elevate her to the highest of ranks for her nobility and honor.
Starting to warm to his topic, “Yes, he was the oldest of four boys and three girls. He enlisted in the army for a couple years before he went to college. Earned a business degree soon after and decided to open a bank to help his fellow neighbors. He was highly thought of due to his shrewd business sense and compassion.”
She handed him two silver rings, each emblazoned with the symbol of their house. Once in the human world they would revert to another image that none save those of their own kind would recognize. But if ever one of theirs ran across them, if the men ever crossed paths and angered a Fae, the ring would show what house the First and Second Son belonged to.
Oh well he would chalk it up to another one of those questions which many never get answered. Treading carefully he kept his ears open for any suspicious sounds, not that he thought he would hear much. Just whispers of wind stroking his skin a few seconds before they attacked. Those three had to be the brothers, had to be seeking vengeance against Sean and were willing to do what it took to do so.
They then turned to their priest, questions in their eyes. He turned to his people face gentle yet serious. “We shall pray for their safety and hope they defeat the evil which is trying to take root. Now I asked that we bow our heads and follow me as we pray.” The town as one lowered their heads, clasping their hands together as their spiritual leader started.
“Weak your Majesty, he was terribly hurt from the condition described to me, both from the Commander’s description and from the reports I’m receiving from the Fifth Company. But your elder son’s Consort managed to restore his body and heal as much as he could. We don’t know much more as Prince Dean sent Prince Sam and the Consorts away to rest. The Prince stalled the hunters searching the forest for them all.”
Standing before his partner, arms crossed over his chest, scowl deep on his face. “You think I don’t know that? I know I was drained, but that doesn’t mean you drain yourself to fill me up. Giving me enough juice to last through the night is more than enough.” Dean’s eyes softened as he went to make his final point, uncrossing his arms and huffing out a sigh. “Cass you were our only line of protection last night. I was out, I couldn’t do anything if a monster decided to break in. I was depending on you to guard me, just as you depend on me to guard you when you are out cold.” He placed his hands gently on either side of Cass’s cheeks. “Dude I love you more than I can express, but we are on a job, and while I love how much you want to protect me from anything and everything. The best protection you could have given me was to stay alert enough to last till morning. Then I would wake up and we could discover what the hell is going on around here.”
And speaking of Dean’s wings, they knew they would make quite a sight rolling down the highway, what with a man sitting on the back of a car with rainbow feathers.  So Sam dug into the store rooms and came up with a bracer which according to the lore stated it would blind people to the wearer. And since they had passed a dozen cars, at least three bored state troopers and a caravan of truckers without an issue, it appeared it was working.
Looking all around he tried to decide which direction he needed to go. Behind him was more miles of darkened stonework, reflecting the glow of the fires below. He could see creatures jumping, flying and crawling in the distance, so he pressed himself against the cliff. He pushed into a crevice, trying to hide himself from the view of those over head flyers. Looking at their forms, the way they looked like pterodactyls, only larger and meaner. The smallest sporting a 50 foot wing span, with claws on the finger joints of the wings, and huge talons on their feet. Long beaks attached to a head with a single backward facing horn, it made up nearly one-third of its 36 foot full body length. Filled with sharpened teeth and a double barbed tongue, seen when one licked its blackened half rotten lips. Its chest was large and powerful, capable of beating those leather stretched wings quickly and deeply. They flew on by in various shades of decaying grays and black, splotches of rot and disease festering their skin in constant irritation.
‘Do you want to come again my filthy mate? Do you want me to make you come again?’ He held Dean down, large hands covered in a film of dried mud as he asked. Smirking as Dean’s own hands dug deep into the mess, the way the semi solid substance squeezed between his fingers. His mate was out of his mind and could barely comprehend his words. So his response was slow to form.
The Angel hissed savagely at the sheriff once Dean was gone. “What do you want? Are you under the impression you might be able to arrest him despite what you said?” If that was the case the man was going to be in a world of hurt.
“Oh well, tell my favorite handmaiden hi for me. When are you coming?” She looked directly at Sam, face expectant.
“Oh, you’ll be talking about them. You need to tell me everything about it, how you got them, how they change color, oh can you fly with them? Man they really are soft, I want to touch them again.” Before she could follow through on her desire they changed color once more.
Then those elves had interfered in all his plans. Ripping open the portal he had created and tried to close behind his people, using all their power to come after Gabriel. Using their own life blood to keep it open so their warriors could swarm in and rescue him. He hadn’t come to the battle directly, knowing he had to keep his own person secret from the elves, from the fae in general till his plans were fully engaged. His own warriors fought fiercely, buying time so that he could start to drain the Archangel.  Scrambling to start the spell, knowing it was hurried and flawed rather than slow and perfect, still he managed to drain a significant amount from the man. Only to be thwarted once more as a new person entered the fight.
Eyes widening at the words, realizing how much that must have hit the elder sibling. “Shit that is probably even worse. I don’t think I even want to contemplate how that is going to make Dean, heart broken I’m sure.”
Turning to face the younger hunter, Castiel snapped at him angrily “I can carry him Sam, but the chick in his belly was the one demanding the food.” He placed his hand once more on Dean, checking to make sure all was well.  Speaking his words down to Dean even if directed at his brother. “It was growing rapidly, if it reached maturity, it would have transformed Dean. None of us would want to hunt a male Manananggal I’m sure.” He knew he wouldn’t want to cause they would have to kill it which meant killing Dean. Something he would not abide at any time or place.
“Yeah, what’s up?” Charlie asked, coming into the front room, Cass following behind her, dressed much differently. This time Charlie managed to dress him as an old fashioned monk. A Benedict style robe, done in dark forest chestnut, leather belt, with home spun lighter tan trousers. Leather sandals covered his feet, while at his waist a thick leather belt held a small canteen, a knife sheath which held his Angel blade instead. The hood for the moment was laying behind him, but he could pull it up as needed to hide his face. She had done a good job cause there was no less than 27 other people dressed the exact same way.
The feeling of warm wetness surrounding him before being enclosed with a tight heat he had never felt before had left him panting in his dream. The gentle brushing of what felt like feathers against his nipples heightening his pleasure. Of deep whiskey colored eyes dancing with lust and love as they gazed at his own winter evergreen orbs. If anyone had been in the bunker they would have heard the sounds of moans and cries as if really good sex was going on. And it was the final part of his dream which had caused him to do a rush job on the laundry. As the feelings of ecstasy grew, Sam knew he needed more, needed something else to push him over the edge as the feathers and eyes were not doing. What that something ended up being was a chocolate covered shaft of some sort pushing into his mouth. Sucking eagerly he felt his own shaft coated in chocolate and sprinkles, before extreme suction was finally applied. He had come with a high pitched whimper as his hips shot up, his balls emptying in his sleep pants for many minutes.
Startled at being addressed, “Oh, what? Yeah I’m fine, just thinking.” He corrected himself so he was once again driving in the middle of the lane.
Then what was happening in the bank drew his attention, causing him to frown and instinctually to place his body in front of his hunter’s. Three heavily scarred men were holding up the place. Guns which looked real enough to kill, dripping a black goo from their barrels, as they pointed them at the various people in the room.
“Hmm yes, I do remember saying something along those lines.” He reached for Cass, kissing him deeply, ‘Keep the wards up, let’s let Sam get some sleep.’
The manager frowned at his questions being ignored, still he came over to look at the photo, before he began to explain. “That is Sean McGilloway, he was the founder of this bank. Built it in the 1830s as his pride and joy, know around town as a brilliant honest man, well loved by his community, church and government. He opened one of the first federal banks in the area.”
“So do you Dean, you’ve worked as hard as any of us.” Harder in some ways since he managed to distract many of the local Leo’s long enough for him to get the rest he desperately needed. His hunter was going to need a good sleep tonight so maybe his punishment will have to come tomorrow.
“Ewww Cass how many times have I told you not to say that? It’s sex, or making love, or knocking boots, or bumping nasties.” Dean scolded as he often did when Cass spoke about them being together in the proper scientific terms.
Another minute or two and they were entering the room Dean had prepared for the broken Archangel. Cass shuddered as his senses registered Dean and Gabe in the same room, holding back the need to step between the two by will power alone. Reaching over carefully, the elder brother helped his sibling place their friend on the bed. Sam making sure his head was placed on the pillow while Dean tucked him in. Standing up Dean looked over at his mate, worry in his eyes as he took in how quiet he was in comparison to the turmoil in his mind.
Sam knocked on the wall, both startling and pulling the other two men’s attention towards him and his phone call. They came over, circling the device, though Dean stayed out of visual range in case Charlie decided to put it on the video setting.  Putting it on speaker, Sam held it out so they could listen.
Dean, standing straight once more, looked towards the sky, trying to find the monsters who had started it all. There way to the North, two shadows falling over the mountains. Mouth speaking even as his mind was processing the information, “CASS I NEED YOU!” Dean shouted, spreading his crimson wings.
The hunter’s wings were much stronger after their mating also, more tapered allowing Dean to fly at great speeds. Even able to match Cass in speed if he tapped into his Grace and Cass only used his on the lowest power levels. There were some features of Dean’s wings which were unique to him, puzzling Castiel thoroughly at the time they discovered them. They were both weapon and defense and why they were like that no one had a clue. One change was the three talons on the ends of his top most primaries, they were razor sharp and able to infuse his Grace into any being he stabbed with them. Very handy when taking out demons, shifters, and other manner of nasties they had come across since they had mated six months ago.
“Humph sure you did, came in here looking for old girly rags probably. I run a respectable establishment young man, not a porn shop. If you want that kind of shit you can see yourself out right now.”
Meaning it was time to get the day started, his first duty being to feed his mate, or he would be really grumpy for the rest of the day. He moved away from Dean, lifting his own wings away from his body, he frowned for a moment. Then his eyes lit up with holy glee and wonder as he gazed at something he had never expected to see. Something he hadn’t realized would happen and solved the puzzle as to how Dean was able to see his own restored wings.
Dean had already hit up the local police and as expected they thought it was bears. They always thought it was bears and dismissed any other possible culprit. Which is where they came in, for from the few descriptions he had received it was definitely not bears. He and Cass had received a list of those who had seen glimpses of what might be lurking in the woods, and they were questioning them now.
“Dean I think I may have found something.” Sam stated as he brought up his research on the computer. Dean looked up from the book he was reading while Cass was familiarizing himself with the local area. The Angel was on strict orders to not engage in any fighting but Dean still was keeping a sharp ear out for his mate. Going to the local bar and bringing back food shouldn’t be took difficult for him, but one never knew. Cass tended to rub people the wrong way with his natural ignorance and innocence of modern human behavior. He was getting better about it, but sometimes he could get confused and say the wrong thing pissing people off. If that happened, Dean would be off like a shot even though Cass was in no actual danger of being hurt. Still he wouldn’t let his mate take on idiots by himself.
To bad Castiel wasn’t at full power any longer, if he was he might have been able to persuade him to share enough of his Grace to jump start his own. Then again, Seraph Grace didn’t mix well going up the chain of Angel Classes, it was nearly impossible actually for one such as Cassie to do anything with an Angel like him. Going down the chain was different, Archangels could do many things with their Grace the lower level Angels could only dream of. So asking his little brother to give him a jump wouldn’t really work out well. Which brought him back to the problem at hand? How to rebuild his Grace fast enough to create a bond with his hunter if Sam agreed to take him as his mate.
“We regroup, find another way, but Dean won’t be going any further tonight. He’s done enough.” Both ignored how his wings changed to a winter sky blue. Cass settled Dean deeper against his chest, folding his wings so they were no longer pinched against the tree bark.
‘And if you ever tell Sam that, I will pluck you bald do you understand me?’ He growled, his tone negated by the slow rubbing of his body against the Angel’s.
‘Cass I’ve earned it and I need it, I’m not going to learn if you don’t teach me.’ Calm earnest words floated through his mind.
“We pricked him many times to bring his emotions to the surface, to help him see what he was allowed to have. Otherwise who knew how long the First Son would have gone without.”
Eyes returning the smile. “Riiiiight I’m sure you never would.” There was so much hidden humor in his voice, matching the deep amusement he could feel radiating off his hunter. Then what he was thinking made him pause. Why did he keep thinking Sam was HIS hunter? Sam wasn’t his, even if the idea was pleasing to him. There was a lot to like about the man, and not just his looks, but his heart, his mind and his soul.
Dean would pull him down and kiss him deeply, opening his lips to invite Cass in. And his taste, he couldn’t even think about what his hunter would taste like, nothing he had experienced before. Dean would be the one to show him what true taste was like, he knew he would do so and Cass would be in his own personal heaven finally. They would spend so much time kissing, bonding, working towards being fully together. His hunter would slowly work his clothes off, peeling them off a single layer at a time, devoting his attention to each new sliver of skin exposed.
“Huge jutting jaw, large tusks and beady black eyes. Or at least they looked black, it was hard to see from the angle I was flying at.” The man was carving from a piece of old oak the form of a large black bear. Shavings dropping in a bucket before him to be used in the fire later.
“Correct your Highness, the ultimate reason why I assigned them is because I have reason to believe someone else knows of their status within our court.”
‘Very true Dean, you are worth just as much as I am.’ He was firm in his own mind voice as he picked up on what his hunter hadn’t said.
Hearing how his brother decided to move, now Dean felt guilty. He didn’t like driving his sibling away, as much as Cass didn’t like it either. “Sorry Sammy, you don’t have to move, me and Cass can if you like.”
“Just how big is this camp ground Sam?” Cass asked, looking at how the common grounds were stretching for what seemed like miles. It seemed excessive to him, but then again he had only been in a few small parks, when he was human.
“Have any clue as to what kind of creature it might have been?” He let go of Dean, moving to the truck to help unload all he had brought home.
He couldn’t help it as he visualized what his brother had probably seen. Him on his knees, legs spread so his balls were hanging between them, ass cheeks slightly spread from his kneeling position. Water glistening off his back, dripping from his hair as he bobbed his head over and over Cass’s shaft. Maybe even seeing how he had been running his hands up his Angel’s thighs while he moaned and groaned. Oh yeah if Sam had seen all that, he would be swearing up a blue streak he was sure.
So with an innocent smile he hatched a brilliant plan. “Listen Dean I know you want to get rid of them, but we can’t right now. We’re looking into it I promise you.”
Sam looking over at the ladies, face pursing with nervousness, picked up the knife. “Dean are you sure? We can’t knock you out for it either. Who knows what the magic might do if we tried.”
Castiel, Angel of the Lord watched horrified as the Manananggal used Dean as a human shield, pulling him up in an instant to try and block what was coming. Not that it did her any good, his Grace reduced her to atoms in seconds. But it didn’t matter to him, he had destroyed the last good thing in his life, the only good thing in his existence. Destroyed it because he lost control of his emotions, let his heart instead of his head control his powers. His eyes widened as he realized what had happened to him.
With a laugh Jody Mills returned to her car, pulling out and eventually following Jason back to his place. For the rest of the day and long into the night, with only a break for some awesome fried chicken, she explained just who the Winchesters really were.
Dean said nothing as he slowed on the road to let oncoming traffic pass, once it had he pulled into the surprisingly busy diner. There were no designated parking spots, it was nothing but gravel lot surrounding the typical style dinner found in millions of places in the United States. Worn brown siding which had seen better days 50 years prior, large picture window filled with advertisements for specials with checkered curtains. It had a wide wrap around deck made out of wood which had to hark back to when the dinner was first built.
Swallowing hard, Cass was hit with twin feelings of remembered rage at his mate’s injuries, and primal lust which demanded he mount and fuck him like a bitch in heat. He didn’t know what he wanted first and he was fighting with himself as to what would be best. He wanted to punish Dean for all the worry and danger he had put himself in, endangering himself and ending up shot multiple times because he was joy flying around the cops. But he was now safe and was it really right for Cass to spank him? To hurt his mate for something he really couldn’t do much about?
But Gabriel, oh he had a feeling Gabe would be more than willing to share his experiences. To share what he had learned over the ages, because Sam wanted to hear it all. Was fascinated by history and to know what really happened in the middle ages, to learn what Gabriel had done during the stone age. To hear how people really lived without so many things people today couldn’t do without.
He only stopped when Gabriel put a hand on his upper arm. Sam looked into the serious eyes of his Angel. There he goes again… “Gabriel?”
Breathing easily, Castiel smirked smugly at the pathetic humans who had dared stop a being such as he. He was a Warrior of the highest ranks within Heaven itself, He was a being who had done things other Angels talked about with wonder and fear. Dirtied his hands to save others, killed to protect those who needed his protection. Now these pathetic excuses of humanity were trying to prevent him from caring for his mate. Trying to stop him from doing what was best for the other half of his heart and soul? It was not to be tolerated and he smiled menacingly at the chittering insects at his feet.
The only good thing he could take away from being hit by one of that redheaded witch’s spell, was that he had never felt his bed feel softer. He was like he was laying on a cushion of ultra light feather down. He loved his memory foam but whatever they had him laying on right now felt a thousand times better. He shimmied his body, feeling the silky smoothness move under him, enjoying the rare soft treat. No doubt when he opened his eyes, it would be some sort of freaky air cushion hovering over the floor.
Cass waited till the bike moved out of even his range of hearing. Looking down the Angel gazed at the sleeping man in his arms. “I’m sorry Dean, I’m so sorry for everything.” He gathered him in his arms. “I want you more than words can express, I should have been the one to fight that beast. You shouldn’t have had to fight the monster alone.” He shook as he let himself react to the injuries he had discovered. The depth of hurt the man had suffered willingly as he fought to destroy the beast and save the campers.
‘You like this huh?’ His human hummed as he sucked another hickey into his neck, finding the last spots which were not completely red.
(The Ancient being met the eyes of the hunter, his own three foot tall eyes glowing with his freedom.)
Taking the rings with another bow, he agreed. “Of course my Princess, I will see it is done myself.”
“What the hell?” Sam blurted when he looked where she was pointing. In the circle he could see the outline of a pair of dark, misshapen legs, attached to a pair of five toed feet but it was the other end which held his attention. For the other end looked like it had been ripped from its top half. “Oh shit, that can’t be what I think it is.”
“Wow, they just disappeared? With no one knowing what happened to them? And what about Sean what happened to him?”
Writing it down in barely legible script he nodded, shivers running down his back as he gaped at the man. He had never felt such indescribable fear in his life, it felt like his very soul could be plucked and destroyed from his body. Who was this man who sat so calmly beside the man he’d had a crush on for quite some time. “Yes…, yes sir.” Breaking eye contact he turned towards Sam, ready to take his order though Sam wasn’t paying attention to him.
“We have plenty of fire in the trunk, but acid?” Sam asked, leaning back in his chair arms behind his head.
“Here Cass? It’s just solid rock?” Sam pressed his hand against the surface, feeling the grooves and cracks, along with dirt weeds and everything else found on the side of mountains.
“Sure Sammy, we’ll get right on that.” Dean agreed readily, even as he was reaching to close the door behind his brother.
Blinking at the odd location, typically his wards stayed in the continental United States, “What? Anahuac? How the hell did they get there? Why are they there?”
THAT’s who he reminded him of, Clark Gable, change the hair a bit, fill out his form and he could be a close cousin or maybe a son of the man. It only made Gabriel dislike him more, this was a man who was activity flirting with HIS hunter. He felt his power starting to rise which surprised him, his Grace had been severely lacking lately, ever since he had dragged Sam off the floor in fact. But he could feel it respond to his rage at the man daring to speak to what belonged to him!
The waitress came over and quickly took their orders, Dean with a double bacon cheese burger, but instead of fries, after a meaningful look from Cass, sighed and ordered a small house salad. Cass with the turkey club and soup and both ordered ice tea instead of beer. Dean had frowned at the drink choice but Cass preferred it when he didn’t drink as often. It was a give and take on both their parts, watching out for each other’s health and making sure they made decisions which would please them both. The beer would happen later when they could settle down for the night or some other occasion.
“A Manananggal? Great, never had to deal with one of those before. I’ve got salt and holy water on me, hopefully that will be enough, I don’t want to go for garlic.”
“Thanks, come on, this place has good burgers and awesome salads.” He climbed out of the car, watching as Gabriel did the same thing. “They also have some really great chocolate cake.” He smirked when he saw Gabe’s eyes light up at the idea of sugar. “And yes you can get some if you like.”
“I think we are about to get company,” Dean turned to Cass, putting their problems to the side for the moment. “Cass need you to come with us, see if you can see them.”
“Suck me later fuck me now, I want you so deep that I’ll be able to taste your cock in my esophagus.”
Cocking his head to the side, the corner of his eyes drinking with amusement as he answered, “Dean, I walked up making the normal amount of sound I always do. I wasn’t sneaking up.” But he hadn’t failed to noticed how distracted his hunter was. He was remembering something but his mind was surprisingly keeping the thoughts away from him. He would have to bring the subject up later when Dean was in a better mood. He did not like it when Dean kept things from him. Meant he was dealing with problems on his own and Dean could be his own worst enemy. It was his job to make sure his mate was healthy both in mind and body.
It was some minutes later, Dean coming out of the fog his concussion had caused, along with the shock of realizing he had feathered appendages attached to his back, before noticing just what he and Cass were doing. Still he didn’t move away just yet, needing the closeness though he wasn’t sure why. When he felt ready, he pulled away, quietly whispering to the being who seemed reluctant to release him. “Thanks Cass.”
Castiel said he would cover for Gabriel, help him escape so he didn’t have to choose between his brothers. Cass wanted Gabriel to be happy and knew that fighting in a war between his brothers would break his heart. So he would step up and be his shield so he could be free. And being young and still innocent in many ways, not realizing just how horrifying war could be, he had jumped at the chance. He never knew that Castiel knew what war was like, being one of the soldiers on the front line. A fact he had always kept carefully hidden from his innocent older brother. Because seeing how happy and carefree Gabriel was helped him deal with his own horrors of war. Watching as Gabe created or destroyed things in space to help him with his own moods.
“Wait you have this on film? Can we see it?” Dean asked eager to see and also alarmed it might get out and scare a hell of a lot of folk.
Dean accepting the change of topic, scanned the area to see what he was talking about. The sky was most definitely not looking like a normal sky. To start it was overcast which typically wouldn’t be a big deal, but it was a sickly hue of slime green coating the entire sky for as far as they could see. Clouds sagged by in even darker shades of mire colored swamp scum, pushed along by winds which carried the scent of death and decay. They watched as the clouds grew darker, the wind stronger till a new element entered the picture. Rain was starting to pour around them, fat drops of discolored dish water staining everything they touched. Stinging them with sharp blasts of what felt like needle pricks on any exposed skin.
Puzzled Dean took the book back, staring at the clear easy to read characters. “Gibberish? I’m having no trouble reading the letters.”
Gabriel quickly followed the taller man, waving at the waitress who smiled before continuing with her duties. Heading back to the car he watched as Sam tapped on the roof three times, the shimmer of the ward unlocking and Sam easily opening the door. Gabe was quick to follow him into the car. Turning it on Sam started the impala and pulled out, quickly getting back on the road and heading to the bank.
“No arguments there buddy. How do you want to get down there? Fly?” The hunter scanned the skies to check for storm clouds or anything else which might be dangerous. It was still overcast, the clouds dark and depressed. Rumbles of thunder mixed with a few bolts of lightening the only points of activity to be seen.
Then two people walked by, one dressed as a large asparagus and the other some sort of strange half man, half stoned monkey?
Shivering in his dreams, the hunter rubbed himself against the silk sheets, creating delicious friction for his own growing cock. ‘Dean, I need you, I want you.’ Came the voice of his mate once again, his breath whispering against his ear. He loved his mate and this dream was now ranking right up there with the never ending pie buffet, and punching that one dude whose name he could never remember in the face. The insistent words only encouraged him to snuggle deeper into his dream, smiling with happiness and content as he imagined his feathers being stroked and his cock throbbing with pleasure.
Heading down the hall, the light green floors and white walls reflected the sunlight wonderfully. They had no issues as they took the various twists and turns to reach the ward she had been ordered to bring him too. Turning one final corner she led him towards two large doors which had a set of 10 guards stationed near it. A normal precaution when there were many injured on the other side and help might be needed to calm the battle weary. A few of the able bodied could be called, while the rest stayed outside performing their normal duties.
Grimacing at his words, “To bad Gabriel isn’t here, not that he would be much good anyway since his power is gone.” Which made him wonder how he was getting on, and how he would live his life going forward.
“Yeah…” Dean struggled to sit up, Cass letting him go, both men unknowingly missing the feeling of being pressed together. “Listen we need to find that bitch now, help me up Sammy, I’m fine.” He struggled to his feet, both men helping Dean up when he refused to stay seated.
Using Dean’s cuffed hands as grips he started moving quickly, thrusting deeply and hard. Half closing his eyes as pleasure came over him, and not just physical pleasure. No, it was also what Dean was broadcasting to him, his own enjoyment at being taken, being taught the true reason why they were in this position. That Dean knew he had screwed up, took chances he didn’t need to take, and Cass was forgiving him, would always forgive him.
Gabe looked better, but unless they did something soon even Castiel’s power might not be enough to keep the darkness at bay.
Sam coughing brought him out of his meandering thoughts once again. “Oh shit sorry Sam. Mind was on other things.”
“Come on Sam, I can study them, see what else I can discover.” Elven books were rare as hell and she had managed to confirm they were all elven.
Eyes softening even more, he placed the juice on the side table once again. Working Gabe to a more comfortable position, he pressed the sick man against his side a little harder. “Hey I know, I’ll give you more in a minute, but we need to make sure you’re system will handle it.” All he needed was Gabriel to start feeling sicker than he already was and throw up all over him.
Rolling his eyes he watched as Castiel steadied himself. Voice gentling knowing Cass was just as tired as him and upset, “Forgot huh? Right, I’m going to put you to bed, then help Sammy get Gabriel to a room, I’ll fix food for all of us when done with him. You are NOT to leave the bed understand?” Picking his Angel’s arm up he lifted it over his shoulders. At least he started too as Castiel took his arm away with a fierce scowl on his face. “Cass?”
“I like you to Gabe. More than I thought actually considering what an asshole you can be. But yeah I would like to know more about you too.”
It was enough for Castiel as he removed his fingers from his head, replacing them with his hand on Deans belly. Holding him still with his other hand on his shoulder, he sent his power blasting through Dean’s system. Ignoring how Dean’s eyes flickered between candy apple green and dark putrid miasma black. The hunter glowed with his power, his wings becoming opaque before settling down to a deep midnight black as the Angel attacked the enemy.
Sam raised an eyebrow at her imperial tone, before smiling. Reaching out to the closed bags, he opened one and began to lift out all the books she had thought to smuggle out. She smiled sweetly at him as he did so. “Oh, not sure how they ended up in there.”
The first major obstacle for all three men was the way to get to the camp ground. Dean was all set to drive, to finally feel in control of something. And nothing gave him that feeling more than driving his Baby. Their bags were packed and loaded into the trunk, Dean whistling a happy tune, opened the door to the impala and tried to slip into the drivers seat.
More people showed up through the day, setting up their own booths, camps, making plans with friends and those who were part of their factions. There was a lot of emotions floating around the camp too, emotions which were all reflected in the technicolor wings. Creating patterns not seen normally in nature. Many people came up to Dean as they discovered his wings were constantly changing, admiring them, asking how he was doing it. Thank goodness Sam had hooked up that fake pack in the middle of his wings, looking like a battery compartment.
Dean tried pulling away, but the Angel was having none of it. He needed to convince Dean of his words because this was to important. “Dean, I would do anything for you, for any reason. I have done things, betrayed people, betrayed you even, just to make sure you stay safe. To make sure you stay in my world. A world which isn’t worth saving if you’re not in it.”
Snapping another command found the glass exploding from every vehicle, coating the people in a fine mist of razor sharp dust, breaking and rubbing into exposed skin.
“Sorry Cass, of course.” Reaching for the first vial, which was the banshee’s tears, he poured the silver liquid in. Followed by holy water, salt, remains of a fae, a broken piece of green jade and fossilized amber, a gold chain which had been blessed by a holy man seven times. The final ingredient was shaved alicorn hooves, and when they met the others the entire concoction burst into purple flames.
Forest moss green eyes instantly began to darken as he processed everything Sam was saying. “So nice that you find it funny these damn things keep changing colors. Now can we get back to how to get rid of them?”
‘Dean I’ll let you try later, much later when we’re not busy. But for now I think we should concentrate on landing. I see the panther and he isn’t happy in the least to be waiting for us.’ Cass sent back.
‘No, it doesn’t, I’m feeling extreme malice coming from around us.’ His eyes were half closed, but they were glowing with banked electric Grace.
“Right.” With just a thought both returned their wings to the dimension they typically resided in when not in use. This caused the townsfolk to whisper in even more awe and wonder. The Father though looked between the two, before stepping forward to kneel before the both of them. He would have completed his motion if Cass had not prevented him. “No, no te inclinas ante otros como nosotros. Párese como debe hacerlo.” (No you don’t bow to ones such as us. Stand as you are meant to.)
“Whatever you need.” Dean settled himself in to wait, Cass’s arms wrapped around him as he calmed and prepared to face the day. He didn’t say anything but he needed the closeness too. And planned on enjoying it for however long they could.
“The First Son took many grievous injuries from the evil one, his Consort has healed his physical injuries but his mental and spiritual ones are still in need of being restored.” The green barked half dryad informed his superior.
Dean glared at his brother, Crimson and Royal flames flaring behind him. “Sam what the hell were you thinking of? I don’t want to go out with the geeks, not with these damn things on my back.” He threw a thumb behind him.
Course there might be one other thing that made him feel even more loved and cherished. That was when Dean consented to being one with him, entering him slowly and carefully as they physically shared their love. To watch and see Dean leaning over him, sheltering him with his body even as he sheltered Dean within his own. To feel his shaft breach him, join them together in the closes way possible. It was his true version of heaven. Sure the hot and heavy times together were fun, awesome in fact. But those times when they took their time, didn’t rush their joining were the best, to feel his mate as he moved within him, to know Dean knew he was safe with him. Oh he loved those times.
“I have to punish you Dean, it’s the only way to teach you, to help you understand what it means to me to know you’re safe.” Castiel circled around the bed, making little noise but letting the movement of his passing caress his mate’s shivering skin. Smiling as his eyes lit up at the view of his perfect ass just waiting for him.
Lifting his arm up he realized he was a little ripe. Sighing at how she was right. “Fine I’ll go take a shower then fix myself something to eat.”
Taking Castiel’s wings into his hand he folded them against his spine, then pressed hard, calling on the Grace he shared with his Angel. He didn’t often return Cass’s wings to the other dimension himself, it took a lot of concentration to do it correctly, but he could. He wanted to sleep with Cass’s back pressed against his chest so if Cass was to wake he could feel him easily. Once they disappeared in a blink of light, he pulled his Angel gently against his chest. He wrapped his arms around him and fitted his chin into the space between his neck and shoulder.
I couldn't help myself, got another chapter done for this fic. It is much longer than I had intended it to be but I wanted to add a ton of bits and pieces to keep it to the 9 chapters still. Bit more descriptions, bit more fun with the wings. Lots of angst, love, misunderstandings, and confusion.
“The Consort was found by the First Son, his Consort and the Second Son. Even now they are working to preserve his life for it is in danger of expiring.”
Cass could see the tent, it was pavilion shaped but smaller than Charlie’s. Also it was a mixture of brown, gray and black, a camo tent rather than a Larping tent. Sam pulled open the flap, allowing the Angel to walk in. The bed, a standard issue army cot, was in the middle of the space, a cheap single chair with a mismatching folding table holding a small pitcher of water, a few fruit and not much else. Gently Cass laid his hunter down, shuffling him till he was comfortable on his side. He tucked his wings behind him, covering him with a blanket.
Voice pained Dean answered in his head, hoping Cass could hear him over the fury of the storm, while needing all his strength to fly. ‘Good, I’m not sure how much longer I can…’ He was cut off as an extreme gust of wind came out of nowhere and slammed into him. He gave a cry as he lost his balance and started to fall. He tried to straighten out his wings, return to flight but he was bombarded by multiple currents of wind now. They threw him around disorienting him as he was spun over and over, eyes seeing nothing but blurs as red lightning blinded him. Crying out as he fell, he was stung by multiple pellets of compost colored rain, feeling them ooze down his skin burning him.
The birds with final cries of disgust at their day being interrupted by the mating men, flew off and vowed not to return till they were done. The bullfrogs only shot their tongues out into the air, maybe their were saluting another being who used their tongue so impressively?
“What the hell?” Dean exclaimed as he took in everything going on. “Shit Garth was right, this is Winchester level weird.”
“Yeah don’t tell me about it, I heard it all this morning.” He poured his own cup of coffee before sitting down at the table Cass had finished setting. The younger brother didn’t miss how the Angel wandered to stand beside Dean, shoulders tense and gaze uneasy as he looked at Sam. The behavior had been happening more often lately and none of them knew why. But for whatever reason Cass was no longer comfortable with Sam and Dean being in the same room if he wasn’t with them. And even then he was starting to place himself between the two whenever possible.
“Sam, I just tried to do something with my Grace and realized I couldn’t.” He tried snapping once more and yep still nothing.
“I love you Castiel.” He murmured kissing his jaw, nuzzling towards his ear before whispering into it.
Mumbling Dean blinked his eyes open, trying to focus on his surroundings. The first thing he noticed was the warmth seeping into his feathers. He was laying on something which made him feel safe and secure, so he looked behind him to see Cass looking down at him. Startled he tried to move, only to have his Angel’s arms tighten even more around him. “Easy Dean, you need to rest.”
This is the last chapter for this story. I hope you all enjoyed it. I want to write more in this story line but I need to finish another AU first. I really was surprised at the twists and turns I managed to put into the tale.
And it still blew his mind just how much he had come to accept his new accessories in just over six months. He had hated them at first, but now he couldn’t think of getting rid of them. Being able to sail through the sky with Cass, enjoying the wind as it blew across their faces. Seeing his mate’s love and jubilation at being able to share one of his true joys with the love of his life. Castiel loved showing Dean how to ride the air currents, float among the clouds, sing with the sunshine. His Angel didn’t have many things in his life outside of Dean that brought him true happiness, flying was one of the few. So Dean was more than okay with sharing that love of flight, of seeing the pain and memories of past transgressions melt away. His mate deserved to be happy and flying with him made him happiest of all.
But someday there would come a time when Dean would have to choose. And when that day came, it would break Dean’s heart to know he chose to let one die so the other could live. He would never forgive himself and Sam was sure he would carry the shame all his life. But if Sam in theory, had his own Angel to watch out for him, Dean wouldn’t have to make that decision.
Striding down the hall, he took a different way back to Gabe’s room. This one led through the utility and laundry room areas. Opening the door to the laundry he found the washer was done, so he placed the tray on the dryer so he could load it with the wash. Sam was constantly having to fit chores between Gabe’s bouts of wakefulness as they became more prevalent, which was both a blessing and a nuisance. Gabriel seemed to know when he about to do something he had put off and wake at just that moment. He could feel him waking via the bond and he had to drop everything to be there when he did open his eyes.
“Put cuffs on his feet, shackle him and the girl together, we can’t let them escape.” She ordered, before activating her radio. “Chief we got one of them. His brother is in the area so keep a look out. Also there is some huge ugly bird flying around, it tried to attack and kill us.”
Slapping his hands on his knees “Damn it, so we have to wait till nightfall? I would rather take her out in the day if possible. I don’t think they can fly then can they?” He asked looking towards his brother.
And he wanted what Dean had, he wanted someone in his life who knew what they did. Wanted someone who was strong enough to stand up to the hard life they lived. He also knew while he could probably make do with another human hunter, it was unlikely they would survive for too long. Dean and he were the go to guys for the really bizarre shit, which happened in the Hunter life. Injuries were common, death also when it came to that. Eventually he would probably lose his partner or his partner would lose him. And the biggest loser would be his brother who he wasn’t sure would survive losing his only blood family. His brother who raised him to be the man he was.
The sun had just set and they were waiting for the final rays of its light to fade. The panther, with the most sour look Dean had ever seen on a cat, stood before them. His tail was swishing back and forth in irritation, ears folded back in the typical ways of annoyed kitties everywhere. His violet eyes focused on a certain spot, a rock face built in times even Castiel wasn’t sure of. It had two walls built of dark granite about seven feet apart and ten feet tall. Then from those top ends it started curving inward in a steeple arch till it reached a point 15 feet above it. Runes were scratched into the surface, ones Dean could barely read and Cass not at all.
His Angel nodded before pressing his hand to the sigils on the wall Dean scribbled quickly. They lit up before fading to a gentle glow which shimmered to his sight though Dean couldn’t see it unless he concentrated hard. “Thanks love, tell me have you noticed anything off with Sam?”
“Now tell me, how is the power transfer going?” He stared up with narrowed golden eyes searching for any failure or untruth, which amounted to the same thing in his book.
Realizing the need must be great he didn’t question his superior any more. “Very well My Lord, who is it you wish to find.” After all if Puck was willing to unleash the hell of two adorable creatures, with a penchant of chewing anything and everything in sight for days on end, it must be important.
Nodding her head, she continued to thank him for answering their prayers, till Cass shut the door in her face. Blowing his breath out in a deep exhale, he pushed himself off the door and headed back over to his mate. Pressing a hand to his forehead, he closed his own eyes as he searched for what was causing Dean such distress. Going deep, he frowned unable to find what was taking his energy directly. There was nothing acting like a leech sucking his power away from him. It seemed more like just being in the area and breathing the air was all that was needed. Pursing his lips, he reached for his own Grace, sending it deep into Dean. Once done, he placed a new ward around Dean, one which would create a thin barrier between him and whatever power was affecting the land. Powered by the Grace in his system, it should protect Dean from whatever was going on. Or at least long enough to allow them to discover and kill whatever the problem was.
“Yeesssssss.” He gasped out, trying to suck air in as he prepared to scream. Cass was starting to pour in more feelings through their bond. How much he was enjoying watching Dean fall apart. How much he had loved chasing his hunter, catching him and using him as a living sex toy.
Waving away his words, Dean turned to Sam. “Sam you cool with helping Cass while I get a room ready for Gabe?”
“I’m sure Dean, I’ve been yours since I raised you from perdition. Take me, make me yours, please make me yours, I want to be so bad.” Cass practically begged.
Wiping his mouth with a napkin Sam pulled opened his laptop he had brought with him. “Maybe, up in Michigan it seems like hunters are coming across tracks of some creature or creatures moving through the forest in parts not normally hunted by people. They’ve also come across bones, which according to police reports are human remains.”
More rocks and stones started to pelt them, followed by the deep growls and snarls coming from all around them.  Cass picked Dean up, hand already glowing as he took care of the concussion and brain bleed which had sprung from it. Blinking his eyes open he looked up into twin eyes of concern. “Guys?”
Dean grimaced, he knew it would happen but cops swarming around was not going to be fun. “You think they are going to be leaving soon?” Man his belly was starting to churn wanting more food. He took another sip of his water, looking around the tent. It wasn’t very big and fit their style, slapped together at the last minute. His roving candy apple eyes met those of his Angel’s own electric blue? What the hell why was Cass using his Grace? Before he could ask, his belly growled once more.
Cass gave Sam a disgusted look, as if he would ever care about his own welfare, not where Dean was concerned. Placing his hand over his hunter’s heart, he closed his eyes, concentrating.
"I'm not ready for them to know. I guess I get now why Sam hid his visions from me at first, and then complained later that I was looking at him differently. I just got Sam back, and I don't want him to look at me like I'm a freak," Dean confessed. He vaguely registered that he was rarely this open and honest with Sam, let alone someone he just met. Yet Cas had a strange way of getting Dean to spill his guts. It didn't really feel like he'd just met Cas either – this felt like what Dean imagined talking to an old friend would feel like (not that he had many of those). Perhaps it was the weird soul bonding thing, or the fact that Cas was completely nonjudgmental throughout this whole conversation.
Angels weren't supposed to sweat under any circumstances.  But Cas clearly wasn't much of an angel if he was sweating this much.  What if Dean greeted Sam's girlfriend by signing “nice to fuck you?”  What if he made more inadvertent penis references that made it sound like he was hitting on her?  The thought made Cas feel sick.  He was half tempted to flee so he didn't have to witness Dean accidentally flirting with someone else…
Then Cas started doing something new with the energy surrounding Dean’s wings.  Dean felt the energy swirling and pulsing in a way that felt so amazing that he temporarily forgot to reciprocate.  Dean tried to mimic whatever finger movements that Cas was making to play with the energy like that, but he couldn’t figure it out.  However, Cas definitely seemed to enjoy whatever Dean was doing to his wings, if the moans were any indication, so Dean kept doing it.
<I already made coffee this morning.  I’ll pour you a cup> Cas offered. hoping that Dean would pick up on his use of the correct sign as a subtle way to correct his mistake.  But to his surprise, Dean's smile fell.
"Dean – this is the second time in two days that we've come across something that should not exist.  I have watched life on this planet since the first single-celled organisms formed in the oceans, and I have never before come across blue oxen, humanoids, or beanstalks of these proportions," Cas told him.
