I start to transfer the beans across the plates, one by one, "Sugar in tea is a food stuff."
"They've seen them before, " I snap back, starting to grow irritable as my head and stomach ache, "And I want samples. Otherwise you get nothing from me." With that I flip myself over to curl up in a ball facing the wall, my pale rump visible to all.
My hands fly to John's jeans, trying to undo and tug them down, nodding, "May I try something?"
Panting, I can feel it building, greater than anything I ever felt, my pelvis feeling on fire with the extra stimulation and the burn from being stretched and filled finally translating to pure bliss, "Let me...let me, please"
I nod, resting our foreheads together, "Bedroom?"
Sherlock
My tongue flexes at that, probing and pushing at his sensitive underside as my throat massages his glands, lips sucking eagerly at his shaft as my hand starts to jiggle and caress his testicles. There's a shining light in my eyes as I watch him, smug satisfaction clear as I reduce him to a quivering wreck.
The scene previous to this is in Chapter One of the main RP here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041424
I grunt and squish my face up when he flicks my nose. “Ow.” I reach up to poke him in the stomach. “Git.”
I'm so busy drying the plate I don't notice, shaking my head, "You would do far better with a man who returned your affection Molly."
He catches my lips and I reach up to meet him. “Fuck, Sherlock... you are so good at this. Make me come please.” I begged. I wasn’t sure why I was so incredibly turned on and desperate this time. How the hell did he do this to me?
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes.” I press my lips to his again, stepping forward and wrapping my arms around his middle.
I feel him slip out of me wetly and I wince a bit, thankful that the pillow was still under me. “Does it always feel like this?” I whisper.
“No. Of course not. I still missed you.” I took my container of food from him and dig into my fish.
Sherlock
I look confused for a moment, "Record?" Then my face clears, "Ohhh record. I'm not sure any of us have one of those."
My face turns bright pink as the few people in the waiting room and the receptionist and nurses looked on. “Let’s go back to my office, Sherlock.” I turn him, still holding his shoulders and walk him through the waiting room doors and into my office where I shut the door behind us. I attempt to sit him in a chair. “Sherlock, What happened? Did you have something to drink today?”
It's late evening as I pound back up Baker street, one hand in my pocket clutching my prize. I glance up at the windows as I arrive at our front door, trying to see if John is awake or not.
I shrug. “The law yes. But maybe not the policies or opinions of my superiors when I was in the army. I did things the way I saw fit. Half of the people above me had never worked in the field. They didn’t understand what it was like. What we had to work with.”
“See. I told you.” I lean up to kiss his lips.
I nod. “Yeah, I’d like to try, too... for you...” I kiss him again, deeper this time.
“Do I? What did you have in mind?” I ask leaning towards him and mouthing at his shoulder.
This Chapter picks up after Chapter 14 of 221 Boom here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30129348
"No!" spinning around I reach and grab John's arms, leaning in close and saying very slowly and very carefully, "She. Kissed. My. Lips."
Glancing up as he passes I pretend to be annoyed as my fringe drops over my eyes, pushing it back and leaning over my chemicals once more.
I smile at his words, "Do you -wish- to marry me John? It's more fitting with your view of life than my own. I always believed I would be alone so never spared any thought to it."
"I soiled our bed John." My tone turns rather bitter, "Disgusting. I couldn't hold it in."
"John, no one should have to pull me out." Submitting to his attentions again I sigh, "I'm tired. Is one of those drugs properties to make me sleepy?"
Sherlock
I step over to him after setting the glasses down on my side table by my chair. “Yes me too. It was too much. I was ready to come home. To be with you.” I wrap my arms up around his neck, pulling him close.
I pad along behind John obediently, making up for getting it all my own way back at the flat. My rear is starting to ache now and my legs and stomach feel a little stuff, muscle groups not usually used coming to life, "Most people would say I'm...unique looking. At best."
I suddenly forgot all about the massage and did as I was told and rolled over. My cock filling the rest of the way out, now that it had space to grow. I feel my face heat at my lack of control.
Scowling at that I shake my head, "Not happening. I feel fine. Lets go?" kicking the sheets back I go to swing my legs off the bed.
Grabbing John's legs I pull him up the bed, kicking my own trousers off as I go so we're both naked and aroused, my eyes bright and eager as I survey him. "You'll find out as we work through it."
Sherlock
Lowering his arm down, I grab the massage oil and start to scoot down the bed, the light of curiosity in my eyes, "I shall attempt one though I'm wary of some of the claims I've found."
I let out a little hum around him, satisfied that I can take his breath away. I sit up a bit and take him fully into my mouth a few strokes. I grab his knee to pull his leg up over my shoulder. I pull my mouth off to watch him as I snake my hand up to cup under his butt cheek, brushing my thumb down over his balls and underneath them.
(See the end of the chapter for
I watch him fumble with the small box and my heart starts to pound. “Sherlock...”
I reach across the seat and take his hand, hoping he wasn’t mad at me now.
Rolling my eyes I continue to transfer beans, adding in the returned sausage between movements, "I'll eat half the egg and one half of the toast."
(See the end of the chapter for
I can't stop the grin that spreads across my lips, "Our bath here isn't big enough for us both. I know you enjoy long baths but that's because it's a small bath and you're a small human."
Sherlock
My grin is just as large, eyes shining, "Then I shall buy us both rings?"
“Yes, when you’re sick or hurt, it’s normal to feel like crap. And also to feel a little hopeless. Are you sure you won’t take some of the paracetamol? I can tell your head hurts.” I brush the curls from his forehead.
Sherlock
True to my word I start to cut and nibble on a section of my egg, dipping toast into the slightly runny center, "It's also a very effective pillow."
I frown. “I distract you from your work?”
Sherlock
I drop the towel lazily on the floor and stride off towards the bed, calling back, "I don't understand what you mean. Come to bed and lets order some food and talk over it?"
Pulling back just a little, just enough to stare at his face in confused horror I bark, "No. I've never felt anything like that. It was a revelation."
Still massaging I pause my corkscrewing, instead concentrating on swallowing down every last drop, long neck working as my tongue swipes back and forth to collect up all I can, the taste having grown quite addictive to me.
I stir a bit as I feel Sherlock shift under me. I knew he probably hadn’t fallen back asleep. “Mmm. Morning.” I mumble, my eyes still closed.
Wriggling I attempt to stay on top of John, my hands gripping him again tight as I mutter, "No, the ducks came free with the honey tree."
Very soon my chest starts to rise and fall gently, low and deep snores coming as my arms slacken slightly from around John.
My face reddens and I hold down his arms, as the machines take his vitals. “Sherlock, Please wake up. We need to show the nurse you’re lucid.” I kiss his forehead and shake him.
My arms tremble, fearing for a moment I won't be able to hold myself up over him. One of our hands were still entwined together, the other supporting most of my weight. I could feel myself sheathed in pure, hot, pulsing bliss, stealing my words.
The slight burning sensation makes me a little snapping, barking, "How on earth do I know? This is my first time."
I pull the duvet that was pushed to one side over top of us.
My fingers trail up and down John's chest, coming to rest on his scar and beginning to map it out with just my fingertips, "What list? I don't remember any list."
“Is this what I have to look forward to every time we make love?” I step in front of him dropping his shoes next to him on the bed. I lean down to kiss him resting my hands on his bare thighs.
“Fine. Sherlock. Fine.” I say resigned.
Slipping it away I stand, holding out my hand again, "I'll make us tea. You can tell me all about how you came to be brawling with someone who is meant to be your friend." I pause, considering my words, "Well, I mean you brawl with me and I'm your friend but we're different."
“What? I....” my mouth snaps shut and I start over. “I did tell Greg to tell your brother that it wasn’t a race... and now we are trying to win?”
“Yeah, Sorry.” I shake my head as I shove my wallet in my back pocket.
Sherlock
“You take care of me just fine. Besides, it’s not really that bad... you don’t have to... ahhh” I let out a hiss as he puts the cloth with the antiseptic wash on my spilt lip.
I fall to my knees in front of him. “It’s wonderful. I love it. That place is so special to us now.” I put my hand on his cheek.
My head falls back a little, face creasing into disgust, "You'll call me a selfish git."
Lifting my head up quickly I look over my shoulder, "No. I want to try. So many videos have this position and it's recommended on several advice sites." I swallow deeply, feeling my cheeks flush, "It's just that my rear must look..terrible."
I start moving my hips back and forth, sliding my slicked up cock in the cleft of his ass. I groan a bit at the sensation.
I pull back slightly, just enough to speak, "The advantages of a large mouth." My words ghost over his wet and raw skin, nibbled by teeth and stubble.
My mouth drops open, suddenly finding myself at a loss for words as I stare at him.
His words make the stinging behind my eyes return. I squeeze my eyes shut and take a ragged breath, trying not to let it come out as a sob.
I rest my head on his chest and sigh. “What now?”
Sherlock
"NoPe." I chuckle, popping the word. "I believe you're drugging me. Seeing how long till I notic..." the word is inturpted by a wide, jaw clicking yawn, "Did all the honey survive the blast?" the words are sleepy now, lazy.
Both hands drop to massage his wrinkled temples and hair now, "It's not so much anyone..it's more mummy. And Mycroft."
Grabbing the basket I zoom around the room, placing and lighting scented candles as I go, dimming the light switch and pulling the curtains tightly shut so we're cocooned in the candlelit and slightly lavender and vanilla scented darkness, "Don’t you trust me John?"
“I know you do. And I’m so happy to have this ring...” I pull my hand out to look at it.
Inside are very official documents relating to the buying of a property in Sussex. I clear my throat, a little overcome with emotion, nodding to the deeds John holds as I inspect my bee box, "The murder cottage."
My voice is a little muffled by his lips, "But I want you to fuck me now."
The pillow goes flying across the room as I sit up, my ears almost noticeably pricking up to try and listen.
“’Night, Sherlock,” his friend mumbled back, and for the first time in nine years Sherlock felt a genuine smile tugging at his lips, though he fought it off as best he could, sliding down against his side of the tree and thinking about how strange the acoustics of the circular space were, how the sound of John’s steady, slow breathing knocked around until it sounded like a breath against his ear. But somehow that made him feel even more awake, so he turned on his back, careful to keep the distance between them, and forced himself to think about the dragon net and the supplies he’d need to steal from Philip’s forge to build it, and before he knew it he had sunk into the world of dreams.
Sherlock was speechless. No one had ever given him anything of such importance. It felt unnaturally heavy in his hand, yet somehow familiar and reassuring. Slipping it back into its sheath, he clasped it carefully to his belt, taking a half-second to admire how it looked before turning back to John.
he could catch a dragon, well, that would be something, wouldn’t it?” Mycroft retorted with a sigh. “John, your father’s house is gone. It burned to the ground, and unfortunately no one is willing to take him in. I’m ordering you to stay with him and rebuild his house. There are lots of repairs to be done, and we can’t afford anyone else to take on the responsibility. That ought to keep you occupied until the ships leave for the Verland Isles.”
“We don’t know if it’s alive,” he whispered gruffly. “But if it is, it’s probably hurt and scared, and it’s not likely to thank us politely for saving its life and invite us to tea. So just. Be careful, and go
“It was,” John replied with a grimace as he sat up, brushing moss off of his sweat-damped clothing. “Gods, I’m a mess. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for you to, um, see all that. How – how bad was it?”
“So, John. How are you finding things back on Berk?”
“Listen, Sherlock… I don’t know exactly what’s going on, but I think… I’m almost certain that Mycroft is trying to keep us apart. I have a very bad feeling about all of this. I think we need to be careful about who sees us together.”
Before long, John was helping teach the children rather than learning alongside them. Lestrade seemed grateful for the assistance; his own expertise was in seafaring, fighting pirates, and giving orders to his shipmates – not ordering around children and pretending to battle monstrous animals he hadn’t encountered in nine years. John spent extra time with Molly, Archie, and Sally, who had developed a bit of an attachment to him on the voyage, and were extra nervous about fitting in. Molly was shy and quiet but persistent and surprisingly powerful, taking after her father; Archie was enthusiastic to the point of getting dangerously excited about handling new weapons; and Sally was stubborn and snarky, but undoubtedly the best fighter of the three, determined to be accepted by her new family.
“That’s not what people normally say,” he said softly, and John remembered all the times he’d gotten yelled at when they were kids because he talked about things he wasn’t supposed to know – who was having an affair with who, who was stealing so-and-so’s vegetables. But after years of not knowing what was happening on Berk, hearing the truth – even if it was about himself – was a relief.
“You tell me.”
They were both startled by a loud pop from the dying fire; a few coals had shifted and sent up a spray of sparks. Reluctantly, they leaned away from each other; even hours after midnight there was a chance of someone hearing them and coming to investigate.
“Maybe you could attach wheels?” John suggested, dragging his gaze back to the pivoting base. “Then you could pull it behind you, or push it ahead of you like a cart.”
“I dunno. I wanted… I thought Mother would understand, even if she didn’t like it. I wouldn’t have hid the truth from her. But Father… well, telling him would be the end of the family. But then again, I suppose our family is quite broken already.” He swallowed, suddenly feeling very vulnerable from having made his fears real by putting them into words. “So it’s either the truth, or a half-truth, or a complete lie. I could tell him she found a man, which he wouldn’t question, but that feels disrespectful to Harry, you know? I could tell him she’s dead, but even he doesn’t deserve to believe that. Or I could just tell him she’d fallen in love with Crescent City. It wouldn’t be a lie…”
“Promise you’ll be careful,” John said to him again as he got up and went to put on his boots. Sherlock just nodded glumly. The excitement from the night’s events had faded into a dull, lonely exhaustion. He sat on the bed and watched John tying his laces, feeling torn between slumping down on the soft mattress to embrace a much needed sleep and following John down the stairs to the door just to spend one more moment drinking in their comfortable shared silence, not knowing when he would be able to enjoy it again next. It wasn’t hard to decide, really, but when he stood up to follow, John looked at him in surprise and then gave him a gentle, affectionate smile that made him feel slightly dizzy (or was that just his exhaustion?).
“I’ve still got a little mischief left for tonight. Could be dangerous.” John turned over the key in his deft, calloused hands, and for a split second Sherlock was sure he was about to be admonished for breaking all the rules, that John would throw up his arms and say he’d had enough and walk away, or worse, take the key and raise the alarm and identify Sherlock as a thief; but then he grinned and tossed the key back, stormy eyes flashing in the faint light of the crescent moon.
“I reckoned you were a ghost,” rumbled the dark mass in the corner, wood creaking and rough clothes whispering scratchily as his father stood up from the rocking chair where he’d been resting. John felt as though a knife were slipping into his chest when he remembered sitting on his father’s knee on that chair long, long ago, years before the voyage. Unable to bear the sudden claustrophobia, he took a step back.
“Night fury!” he whispered in awe, watching the jet-black figure cut through the sky at twice the speed of the others, shooting lightning blue balls of flame into the village below.
“That,” John breathed out with a grin, “was bloody brilliant. Yes. Yes, it was all right. How… Have you been reading my journal?” It was the only explanation he could think of, and yet that didn’t explain how Sherlock knew about his current anxieties.
“Sherlock… this is absolutely incredible!” he exclaimed as he made his way around it; it was about as tall as he was, but it looked light and portable. “This is brilliant. How did you even come up with this?” His friend looked relieved and rather smug upon hearing his praise.
“I could be wrong, but I don’t think that’s any of your business.”
“Well, to be honest, this was just a temporary…”
“That’s a Scauldron!” John shouted as the silhouette of the great animal became clearer. “Our night fury won’t stand a chance against it!” Sherlock knew he was right, but there had to be
Too tired to try to make sense of his chaotic feelings, he undressed clumsily and slipped into bed. His pillow smelled like John, and he didn’t mind at all. It was strangely nice. He buried his face in it and fell into a dream-rich sleep in which John was carrying him out of the ocean, except the ocean was filled with acorns instead of water, and the sky wasn’t the sky at all, but the inside of a colossal redwood tree, and when they reached the shore they found moss instead of sand; and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t remember what happened next when he woke up.
Sherlock tuned out John’s increasingly desperate pleas, focusing on nothing but the elegantly twisting and dipping serpentine black dragon that cavorted across the sky, causing more damage than all of the dragons below combined. Following its movement closely, he maneuvered the dragon-catcher until it was tracking the night fury’s flight; after a moment he had memorized the pattern, watched the stunning creature dive, fire, flare its wings, rise, spin – now!
“Sherlock,” John whispered, but he couldn’t think of anything else to say. The silence between them shifted, as it so often did, and suddenly the narrow space between them felt electric. He became very aware of the fact that their arms were still around each other, and that if he leaned up just a little…
“That’s nice of you.”
“And you went on a nine-year voyage looking for a legendary dragonslayer,” Sherlock pointed out, evoking another round of helpless laughter. But it couldn’t last; the shock and adrenaline were wearing off now, and more serious matters had to be dealt with.
John surged forward and wrapped him in a tight embrace, another experience that felt entirely foreign to Sherlock, so he stood still, almost dazed with shock. Was he supposed to do something? Maybe move his hands? Before he could make up his mind but just as he was deciding the gesture of affection wasn’t so alarming or unpleasant after all, John was stepping back, and Sherlock could tell from the look in his eyes that he wouldn’t say anything more.
“But then you got shot,” Sherlock said simply. John’s surprise dissolved into a mix of exasperation and amusement when he remembered what it was like to not be able to hide secrets from his best friend, to have his own stories told to him. He knew it should bother him, but he felt a secret bubble of affection growing in his chest that he pretended to ignore.
“Hello, Father,” John managed, his eyes slowly adjusting to the murky darkness.
“You didn’t say home,” Sherlock noted, immediately picking up on his hesitation.
The strange moment passed, and reality flooded back.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John mumbled in mingled surprise and confusion. “Where…” he looked around and seemed to realize where he was. There was something endearing about watching his expressions shift as he remembered everything that had happened in the past few hours. “Gods, I didn’t mean to fall asleep. You took forever coming back. I meant to go out looking for you if you hadn’t made it back by dawn. Gods. I can’t believe I just left you… what was I thinking?” He seemed to be talking mostly to himself. “Are you alright?” he asked anxiously, staring up into Sherlock’s eyes.
“You’re… insane,” John finally breathed, but there was a strange warmth in his voice. “You’re going to catch a dragon. Right.” Another pause – what did it mean? “Gods, I’ve missed you. Where is this… crossbow-net thing? Will you show me? Tomorrow, I mean? If you’re not…”
“I think I saw something!”
And suddenly Sherlock was pinned to the ground beneath two powerful forelegs. The sleek round face of the night fury filled his vision, its green-gold eyes burning into his own, its hot, fishy breath blasting across his face, and it was opening its gaping mouth – how strange that no blue fire was gathering in its throat, Sherlock thought – and then he heard John screaming his name, and he’d never heard so much fear in anyone’s voice, and then something was crashing into him and pushing him away while the night fury screamed. The dragon leapt into the air to flee, only to come crashing down further along the beach; he couldn’t remain aloft with his injured tail. Half cantering, half flying, the night-black creature fled towards the western end of the island, away from the village.
“Promise me,” he said again, his voice low, “that you’ll come back.” He said it even though he knew John couldn’t promise any such thing, that it was up to fate in the end.
“Yes, but I have so much to tell you.” He launched into his story about finding the dragon and accidentally frightening it under the waterfall. John had untangled himself from the pillow and was now propped up against it, watching him raptly, hanging on to every word with wide eyes; all traces of sleepiness had evaporated.
“Or, you could tell him nothing,” Sherlock offered with a crooked smile, “and let him find out from the rest of the crew. There are no secrets on Berk, remember? Save the ones between you and me.”
Sherlock froze. A pair of bright green eyes stared at him from not thirty feet away; he’d been so focused on the marks in the sand he’d barely glanced up to see what was ahead of him. The night fury had stopped dead in its tracks and was watching Sherlock’s approach intently. The beach was narrow here; if the dragon wanted to continue, it would have to either knock him over or leap over him. But it remained still, eyes locked on him, showing no signs of moving. So Sherlock sat down on the sand and prepared to wait. After barely a second of hesitation, the night fury mirrored him, settling into a more comfortable position and curling its wounded tail in front of its feet. Sherlock found himself wondering if this was some sort of game to see who would look away first. He resolved not to lose, partly because he feared the dragon might take advantage of any lapse of attention, but partly because he sensed that it might be the first step to winning the fearsome creature’s trust. It seemed that hours passed as the two gazed at each other. Sherlock took the opportunity to commit the anatomy he could see to memory. He’d never been able to get a good look at a still dragon before – they were always flying too fast. He catalogued the bulges of muscle in the legs, the angles of the joints, the way the long, powerful wings folded away when on land; he watched the shoulders and chest rise and fall with each breath, he stared deep into the wide pupils and marveled at the way the green irises glowed in the dark.
hit it,” Sherlock corrected with a faint grin. “Oh gods. We actually brought down a night fury, and now…” Something clicked into place. “John. John! He landed in the ocean, John, what if he can’t breathe, he can’t swim, the net, we’ve got to—”
“Obvious. You won it three years ago – the date is etched on the back as well – and you kept it all this time, but you’ve never used it; it’s in perfect condition, so you didn’t keep it for functionality. But the broken chain indicates you didn’t keep it out of sentiment, or you would have gotten it fixed. No, you intended to trade it all along, but you initially hoped to use the money to help your parents. Upon finally arriving here after so many years, you’re questioning your sense of duty to your father and your loyalty to this very island, or you wouldn’t have come all this way to escape from the village on your first night back. With Harry gone, there’s nothing to keep you here; you need an escape plan, and this is your best bet. But because of your strong moral character, you’re feeling guilty about the thought of not helping your father, even though it’s not something you want to do. And I surmised that Harry stayed behind in Crescent Bay, because of all of your belongings you clearly treasure this sketch most of all, and she looks happier than I’ve ever seen her; this is how you want to remember her. She didn’t come back with you, or you’d be with her now; but she’s not dead, because if she were, you would have hidden it in the back of your journal, where you wouldn’t accidentally stumble upon it and reawaken your grief. I recognized the skyline of Crescent Bay and its very particular architecture in the background from one of Mycroft’s books. Now, why did she choose to stay? Maybe she fell in love, maybe was simply happier there, and knew she didn’t want to return to your parents; maybe both. Simple.”
was all he needed to remember the important stats. But going through the moves of dragon fighting felt more like mere exercise or meditation than actual experience since there were no dragons to practice with. Generations ago, the dragon pit had housed captured dragons for the children-in-training to battle with, but the knowledge of how to catch them had died with the last dragonmaster. Rumor had it that he had left Berk before his death, and that it was his own son who was now known as the legendary dragonslayer. John had stopped believing in that story long ago. It was strange to think that Sherlock would be the first dragoncatcher in over a century if he succeeded – and only John would know about it. Keeping such a thrilling secret made him feel dangerously alive.
He told Toothless all about John. Although he couldn’t be certain if the dragon understood him, his eyes (he’d discovered the dragon was male early on) watched him attentively whenever he spoke, and he seemed almost sympathetic, creeping close and brushing Sherlock lightly with his wings or half-tail whenever his voice began to shake.
“I have so much to tell you,” he murmured as he folded his legs beneath him, settling in the moss across from Sherlock, the space between them an impossible distance and yet an improbable closeness all at once. “About… fighting pirates, about Harry leaving, about the towns and cities and islands we discovered. I wrote it all down. I wanted you to be able to read it when I came… back.”
The soft silence of the forest around the falls soothed him as he descended. The stream was only a slender ribbon at this time of the year, tumbling languidly over the rocks and splashing into the pool below, creating a gentle melody that faded easily into the background as he listened to the sounds in the surrounding woods. Except that there were no sounds. No hooting owls, no peeping frogs, no foxes rustling slyly in the undergrowth, no whistling whippoorwills. The only sounds came from far away – the echoes of a celebration in the village, the distant crashing of waves on the beach. The forest usually came alive in the purple shadows of the twilight. Something was wrong. All senses on alert, Sherlock edged down the treacherous path, feeling the waterfall’s spray cling to the raised hairs on his arms.
The night fury released a shrill screech of surprise when Sherlock raced around the corner. Stumbling over a piece of driftwood, he felt his shirt slide up, revealing the knife, eliciting another scream of terror from the cornered dragon. Before Sherlock could toss the knife away to show that he didn’t intend any harm, the black creature hurled itself at the waterfall, crying out in pain as its body passed through the curtain of water in a jolt of blue lightning fire. Now trapped inside the cave underneath the falls, the night fury let out a series of heartwrenching, keening wails. Clambering to his feet, Sherlock watched as the dragon sent fireball after blue fireball into the sheet of water to no avail. Giving up, it moved on to the stone walls of the cave; he could see the blue illumination each time the fire filled the space. Soon the bursts of fire subsided, and the mournful wailing resumed.
“I see you cleared out my acorn stash,” John commented in a mock disapproving voice. “And you did quite a few of your own renovations. Can’t say it’s what I would have done, but… It’s kind of nice.”
“Well, yeah. He’s my best friend.” Mycroft’s eyes gleamed.
to catch that dragon. He hadn’t told John the real reason he wanted to study a dragon up close; putting it into words felt like a curse, like a dream dissolving upon waking. But here, breathing in deep, tipping even farther out the window, he could admit to himself that what he wanted more than anything was to be able to fly. Studying dragons in flight was impossible during battle; he needed to see one up close. He practically itched with desperation to learn the mechanics of flight. No sleep for him tonight; as soon as John came upstairs and was settled in the next room, he’d drop from the window and sneak off to Philip’s forge to steal supplies for making the net.
“See you tonight,” Sherlock echoed, and then John was opening the door, almost blinding him with afternoon sunlight; the door closed, and he was gone.
“If you were anyone else, I wouldn’t believe you,” John laughed. “How are you going to do it?”
“You’re very loyal, very quickly, considering you haven’t seen him in nine years.”
“Of course not!” John wanted to punch something. “I’m not interested in helping that secretive, manipulative bastard. And when I leave, it’s going to be on my own terms.” He stopped pacing suddenly as his own words crashed down on him. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud. He hadn’t wanted Sherlock to know, not yet. Not before he’d asked him… Sherlock was staring at him, his body completely still, his face suddenly devoid of emotion. The air felt tense and cold between them. But it only lasted a heartbeat before Sherlock’s expression cleared.
“Stay with me. I know we’re a bit taller now, but there’s enough room in the tree. And you haven’t even got a knife on you, you shouldn’t be out here alone, and – and I don’t really want to be alone either,” he said in a rush. “Not now, not with… everything.”
He couldn’t think, he couldn’t feel, so he did what he had to do to survive, to escape. Instead of ascending the wooden path to the village, he emerged from the back of the crowd, whose attention was fixed on the disembarking crew, and slipped into the water.
“Are you seeing someone?” The question was so blunt, so direct, that Sherlock just stared at him in complete shock for much longer than he should have, racking his brain as he tried to figure out how he had led John to that conclusion. Then he remembered he needed to answer him.
“You’re always worth waiting for, John,” he whispered, echoing John’s own words from that memorable night as he looked unwaveringly into John’s deep ocean blue eyes.
“I’m afraid I really can’t afford to send anyone with you; everyone will be needed here to defend against the dragons while the merchants are away.”
“Yeah, but does it also know we’re the ones who got it into this mess?” John asked worriedly. “Promise me you’ll be careful, Sherlock. I’d go with you myself, but I have to stay in the village.”
“Oh, thank you, dear,” she said, beaming at them both. “Now I don’t want to know what trouble you’ve been up to, but I do expect you to sweep up all the ashes you tracked in. I’m your landlady, not your housekeeper.”
“Where’s Mother?” John asked, hoping beyond hope that she’d gone to stay with her sister Heather instead of staying with this shell of a man. In a strange way it was almost a relief to know that his father was just as he remembered him, that the seeds of resentment, even hatred, that he harbored in his chest were justified.
"Confused." My words are a little slurred and slow, "Where am I?"
Sherlock
I snort. “I don’t enjoy it. But it does keep me busy.”
“I always liked it. I spent along time... before... imagining what it felt like. It’s so soft.” I let some strands fall through my fingers.
I'm caught off guard by the slightly lunging, deep kiss, flushed still and catching him, holding him tight and relaxing fully now, unbothered about the messy and distasteful bits of sex if it could have this effect on John.
I’m already pulling on my trousers. “At least, trousers and the coat.” I say holding up his trousers.
I roll my eyes. “Get under the blankets, you child.” I pat his rear.
Closing my laptop lid I peer over at John, "Because he's a bit of an idiot who will take some time getting used to you being in a serious relationship. Especially with a person such as I."
“Would you stop your complaining?” I say closing the door behind us. I usher him to the bed and start stripping off the belstaff and his jacket.
I let out a deep, wanton moan as he kisses my neck, my body warming now and finally responding. Then I stop, grabbing his hands urgently, "Your laptop? It's still here."
Molly drops her wooden spoon with a clatter, obviously hearing my words, staring at us with wide eyes and a red face as she starts to stammer out something.
Lifting my head I sniff the air, wrinkling my nose, "Not your favourite cologne. That's the cheap stuff."
I brush a curl off his forehead. I hated seeing him this way. I look up at one of the nurses. “Are you going to keep him sedated?” “Yes. While we suture up all the lacerations in his scalp. And then they’ll want to do some tests on his lungs to make sure there’s no internal damage. So most likely they’ll keep him sedated until the morning.” The nurse answers. I nod, looking down at Sherlock, breathing deeply into his oxygen mask. I give his arm a squeeze. “I’m going to go check on Greg.” I tell him. I step out of the room in search of Mycroft.
My tongue dances around his mouth, then I nod, "Fuck me?"
"Why can't we go home now?" Squirming I toss my phone to one side in a fit of impatience.
He thrust into me deeper and deeper. And with my cock trapped between us, I got harder and harder, feeling him thrust and take me. And his moans and the noises he was making we’re driving me closer and closer to the edge. “Sssok... I’m close too.”
My lips meet his again, then again, each one getting a little rougher, wetter and lingering.
My chuckle makes us both tremble a little, collapsing into his arms thankfully. My lips open for his attentions, finding it quite intriguing that he would seek out his own taste and not mind.
My feet pound on the floor as I approach him, heart racing, not just from the fast walk back home but from nerves, emotions. I drop to one knee in front of him, reaching into my coat pocket, hoping he hasn't changed his mind in the hours I was out.
I open the paper to the middle and shake it open. “Mmmm. Good. I bet it stings a bit still too, hmmm?”
Rolling my eyes I try and give him a playful push away, "Go to Bill. I don't want that great idiot coming to our flat to see where you are. I still haven't got the stench out from last time."
Blinking, I allow a touch of frustration into my voice, "See. This is the issue."
I open my eyes to look into his, smiling at him. “Ridiculously happy. And... I’m happy with the way we are right now. I don’t know... about marriage. I don’t feel like it will change anything. It’s just a piece of paper, isn’t it? What do you want?”
I squeeze his cock one last time before letting go to rest my hands on his hips. I pull in and out slowly. “Ohhh... you feel amazing... ohhh, Sherlock.”
“I have. They still have him sedated... until tomorrow morning at least. He’s on a ventilator.” I say carefully.
Sherlock
I manage to stagger a couple of steps and then clutch onto John, head spinning and feeling woozy again, muttering, "Thank god for my high tolerance to drugs."
"Do you know anything about the method of loci?" My fingers trace onto his hands now, admiring the strong muscles and short but agile fingers
I keep moving in and out, slowly. I don’t brush his prostate as often, I could tell he was getting too worked up and I didn’t want it to end too quickly. He was starting to get looser already. “Are you ready for a third finger?”
Pausing, my shirt crumpled in my hands, trousers pulled up but undone, I stare down, shaking my head, "You'll blame yourself when you want sex and I don't. You'll feel rejected and then blame yourself even more. You'll become upset and I won't have that."
Sherlock
The lights change, bathing us in green lights before I drive off again, pulling John's hand with mine as I change gears, nodding, "Mine is at home for you John. I hope it will make you smile. I didn't want to give it too you while with the others. Especially not Mummy."
Sherlock
I meet his eyes. “No, never.” I choke out.
Gazing after him I resemble a little puppy being left chained outside a store as my owner vanishes inside
That wasn't at all the reaction I expected, lowering the phone to peer at him, "Why not? I'm sure they're very skilled here."
I drop the plate I'm holding as Molly leans up and places her lips onto mine. I'm too stunned for the moment to do a thing, even the sound of the shattering china muted in my head, before I kick into gear, stumbling back from her with a look of utter disgust twisting my face, "No Molly Hooper, no."
Leaning in, I finish my work on his bad arm, lowering it gently to the side and starting on his other arm, repeating the process but with a little more vigor, "How do you feel about feet?"
The corners of my mouth turn up. “You’re still avoiding the question. I feel like your trying to reverse psychology me into.... are you trying to talk me into it? Into asking you?” The color drains from my face but then comes rushing back.
“I used to worry about that kind of thing… But you’ve corrupted me.” I try to smile without stretching my lip too much.
Molly looks a little crestfallen, then brightens as I add, "A bold choice and unusual. I look fowards to trying it."
Sherlock
"You said yes, right?" My slightly nervous question is muffled by his lips, closing my eyes and sinking into it.
He plunges his tongue into me and I groan out. Why did I worry, when his mouth was so good no matter what it was doing?
My hands start to stroke gently over John's hair and jaw, nodding, "We're used to having that sort of life. In fact, as my brother and Lestrade remind us, we're as bad as each other and often encourage each other in bad pursuits. Lestrade and Mycroft are both creatures of the law."
Sherlock
Slipping one ball out I take the other in my lush lips, rolling it back and forth on my tongue happily.
“Mmm.” I work my way to just below his belly button. “Have you ever... used your fingers before? Fucked your self?” The last bit comes out in more of a groan and I grind into the mattress.
Stretching a little I chuckle, whispering, "No, as then I'll want you to carry it out and I'm not well enough. You said so."
Sherlock
I look at Sherlock struggling with a pen and paper, tears streaming down his face. “Oh, Love... maybe you should lie down.”
Hesitating, I glance down the road, pondering if I should just make a break for it and run back to Baker street.
I groan and deepen the kiss. “God, I want you.” I pull back and start kissing down his jaw and neck. I let my hands drift down his sides.
I’m in London for the night. Drinks?
I put my phone down and then my stomach rumbles. I look at my watch 1:28 pm. We hadn’t had lunch yet. Just toast and tea after our lie in and some lazy shower sex. I smile to myself as I walk into the kitchen and open the fridge. “I’m making a sandwich. You want one?” I ask over my shoulder.
I look up at him in the dark. “I had a bad dream. I could feel that you were gone. I sleep better when you’re in bed with me.” I lean my head back on his chest. “It started out rather good. We were snogging on the sofa at the flat. But then there was a fire in the kitchen. And you ran into the fire to get the microwave or some experiment and I couldn’t get to you. You were yelling for me and I couldn’t get to you.”
I sit back taking my cock in hand and rub my head over his hole. “Ohhh.. you’re still so loose.” I push forward just a bit.
"Not too bad. Wait!" I sit up a little, my eyes flaring open, "Did they cut my hair to put them in?"
“You’re being dramatic. It wasn’t horrible. She’s our friend.” I grab his hand and start walking to the Main Street for us to get a cab.
Molly's jaw drops, looking between us, her look utterly dismayed before she recovers with a tiny, awkward giggle, "Oh John...hello. I...err...didn't expect you too."
I give him a thin smile. “I’m just glad you’re ok.” I brush my hand down his arm to take his hand again.
“He’s my partner.”
My glare fades, giving way to a chuckle as I bend my head again, my tongue sliding out and licking a stripe up his length, "And suffer you making snide comments all the way through them?"
Sherlock
I shrug under the covers. “You just do. And we are not at home, so there’s no flat to take care of or clients to expect.”
I don't even hear him, turning to fix one of the samples into my tube rack, tapping it so it settles.
I rip my coat off and hang it on the hook trying not to get myself worked up again. I go into the kitchen and pull out the whisky and two tumblers and pour us some, carrying the bottle back to the sitting room under my arm for later.
I reach for his mobile, taking it and checking for any missed calls or texts, finding only my own there and holding it out, "I was concerned."
I start to roll my hips on my fingers, flushed and feeling stretched and ready, "If...if you want?"
“ I think it might be fun to do the work ourselves. Get our hands dirty.” I say sitting up in his lap.
Freezing I try and ignore the wriggling, firm pair of buttocks that are rubbing on my groin, instead warming some more oil and taking a deep breath before reply, "Just enjoy. I think that's the general idea?"
“I think I’m just mad we didn’t think of it first... aren’t you?” I say biting my lip.
“Course, I did. Extra vinegar packets too.” I press a kiss behind his ear, nuzzling his hair some breathing in his sleepy scent.
I snort. “It’s probably the first time he’s ever had to worry about being in trouble with Mycroft. I’ve already been there done that...”
"Relax John. You can stop this at anytime, as can I." My voice is smooth, trying to keep the eagerness I feel out of it in case I scare him, eyes fixed on his fluttering hole among slightly dark fuzzy hair
They meet again!
“I can’t face going back tonight,” was all he said, his eyes dark with empathy.
“Nowhere in particular.”
“And I suppose you were supporting this foolish nonsense from the beginning?” John bristled at his condescending tone, but bit back an angry retort.
“Now that you mention it… Except, I don’t fancy talking to anyone else just yet, you know? I can hardly tolerate you at the moment,” he teased, though he thought Sherlock understood exactly how he felt.
. He hadn’t had so much fun since – well, since before John left Berk. He’d essentially deleted fun from his memories. They’d spent hours sneaking around after Philip, darting between bonfires and circles of people talking and singing and dancing, throwing berries and pinecones at him until he was covered with purple splats.
“But Sherlock thought if he could catch a dragon, if he could study one up close, he might be able to learn something useful about them. Something more important than adding a set of arms to a battle.”
But now that his dragonfire had burnt out, he realized how hungry he was; he probably wouldn’t make it until dinner without some sort of sustenance. He’d snagged a few late blackberries and green apples on his way into the forest, but not nearly enough to fill his growing stomach. Gathering up his notebook, walnut ink, and kite-feather quill, he slipped his bag over his shoulder and set off through the forest, following his favorite deer path down through the winding hills, his feet padding lightly on redwood needles and occasionally crackling on their small dry cones. He scratched notes in his roughly drawn map as he passed familiar landmarks – the lightning struck tree, the split rock, the fern cliff, the mossy hollow, the sandy stream bank, the hidden waterfall. His favorite place to go was the hollow redwood next to the deep pool at the base of the falls; the interior had been filled with decomposing acorns when he discovered it – a squirrel’s stash? But he’d cleared it out and filled it with soft mosses, a perfect hideaway for unexpected summer rainstorms or days when Mycroft threatened to throw him into the sea if he didn’t behave. He couldn’t stop there today, though, so he went on, continuing downhill until he could see glimmering blue slivers of the ocean through the trees.
It did sound wonderful. John ached to go there with Sherlock so much that his heart hurt. Even with his face in complete shadow, Sherlock noticed immediately that something was wrong. “What is it, John?” he asked, and his voice was so gentle that John felt tears welling up in his eyes. Without thinking, he leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist, burying his face in his cloak and breathing slow, deep breaths to keep from sobbing. Sherlock, hesitant at first, wrapped his own arms around John and held him, warm and careful. No one had ever held John while he cried before, and it was one of the best feelings he’d ever experienced in his life even as he couldn’t remember being more sad and angry at once before.
“It could be.”
“No, you’ve made it quite clear that it would be fruitless to ask that of you. This is an offer of a very different nature.” He paused for dramatic effect; John found it strange that he talked so politely, yet so pompously, when his younger brother had eloquence but absolutely no filter. “The royal family of the Verland Isles is hosting a tournament to select a prince for their eldest daughter, Mary, who is now of marriageable age. While it would not be in our best interests to have such direct ties to the royal family, there are numerous prizes for the high ranking champions, and those we could certainly use. I want you to participate in the tournament as a representative of Berk. Lestrade assures me you’re talented and experienced enough to win us just the right amount of fame and glory without drawing too much attention to ourselves.”
“Look.
After collecting the cooled knife from Philip’s forge and tidying up around the place for the last time, he slipped it snugly into a redwood sheath, which he’d carved and polished himself, and tucked it safely in his pocket. He fought the urge to take it to John right away; he knew he was busy furnishing the newly completed house today, and would probably be elsewhere in the village anyway trading for woven rugs and new linens. Instead he went to Martha’s to look for a bite to eat. He was in luck; she was in the kitchen, stirring a steaming pot of vegetable soup that smelled mouthwateringly delicious.
“Don’t be daft, Sherlock, of course I want you to come see me. I always want that.” He handed the bowls to Sherlock to dry; he obliged because it was John - if anyone else had asked him to do such a menial task, he would have scoffed, or fled.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock coughed, struggling to sit up, brushing sand out of his hair. It was starting to sink in, the fact that John had saved his life, that John had thrown himself in front of the most dangerous known dragon to protect him. “That… that thing you did. That was, um, good,” he told John.
“Wait with me, little brother,” he said in his tired voice. Sherlock waited for a quip about how it wouldn’t do for him to be soaked in seawater when the voyagers arrived, but there was only silence. He couldn’t bear to watch his brother’s searching gray eyes, so instead he turned and trained his eyes on the ship that was nearing the docks all too quickly, but not quickly enough. The rest of the village was catching up, their voices blurring together like a hive of bees. They were practically vibrating with mixed hope and anxiety, but Sherlock felt far away from it all, as though he were floating above the whole scene, a lightning kite drifting on a wisp of smoke.
“No, it really couldn’t.”
“I’m going to catch a dragon,” he blurted out, though he’d meant to keep his plans absolutely secret. But if his dredged-up memories of John were accurate, he wouldn’t need to worry about being discovered. They’d both kept plenty of secrets for one another before. He hoped things wouldn’t be any different now. If they were still even friends. Were they still friends? The confusion made his head swim.
Sherlock very much wanted John to come and meet Toothless, but John was worried that they’d both get caught. Mycroft seemed resigned to letting Sherlock roam when and where he pleased without supervision - he couldn’t spare any warriors to tail him, especially not with preparations for the harvest voyage underway - but John was fairly certain he himself wasn’t meant to leave the village, and he suspected that the regular guards were tasked with keeping an eye on him at all times. This was why he’d convinced Sherlock to meet him just behind the half-built house each night - if he didn’t go far from his tent, he didn’t think anyone would interfere with their meetings. He longed to go back to Martha’s house and sleep in his wonderfully soft bed, content knowing Sherlock was just next door, waking up to the scent of freshly baked pies in the morning. In the brief time he’d been there, it had begun to feel like home in a way his parents’ house never had. But Mycroft had made it clear that he wasn’t to stay there anymore.
I finish up with the paperwork and return to Sherlock’s room with his discharge instructions. Sherlock is fully dressed. “Ready to go?” I ask.
"Brilliant deduction John." I grab my laptop and sit on the edge of the bed, "Now I have roughly 30 minutes to learn how to massage. So quiet please."
“I’m not sure. We’ll have to stop by and check.” I snuggle under the blankets some more. The room was a bit chilly and the bed was comfortable.
Falling on top of him my lust is almost roaring from me, grabbing his hair and waist to grind into him, "Maybe all I need to do to arouse myself is to arouse you? Will it work everytime?"
I close my eyes and mutter, the sound vibrating in my throat under his lips, "I felt....not part of their family."
Leaning in I give his battered lips a small, delicate kiss before starting to put the kit away, "Maybe I like to be told?"
“Those people generally don’t... love one another. And their desensitized to it.” I let out a small yawn. “You’re right, that was exhausting.”
Sherlock
Sherlock
Slipping my arms into my jacket I smooth the front, feeling more like myself already as I get dressed. John is off dealing with the release paperwork and I'm looking forwards to returning to Baker street instead of this boring hospital room.
Sherlock
Firmly I try and return John to my lap, shaking my head, "You know our thoughts tend to run to the same end here."
I nuzzle into is chest more. “About what?” I say muffled.
My smile is rather gentle as I watch John settle down for a nap. Adjusting myself again I begin to plan out my experiment for the night, checking everything is in place and then sitting down in my chair, retreating into my mind palace while John is sleeping.
My toes wriggle and poke even more, working their way between John's warm thighs, "Of course you enjoy it. It gives you something to complain about. You're always happiest when complaining."
“It was the same for me too. Better than I’ve ever felt. You were so...” I let my head fall to his chest, with a sigh.
“Mmm. Good... me too... any time, any place... to give or receive...” I plant one last kiss on his lips before snuggling into his neck.
Molly rolls her eyes and hands him a wet plate. “I’m glad you two finally figured things out. I guess I should’ve seen it coming.”
“The other? You mean the other massage I had?”
“They might be perfect for one another then. But people act differently around different people. Maybe when they are together, its different. I feel like I act differently when it’s just you and I, than when we are around others.”
My thigh is rather chilled, having stayed naked apart from the open dressing gown all night, "Massage techniques. I believe I know the theory behind a number of them now."
I nod, “But I still don’t want you doing anything dangerous when I’m not home. Alright?”
My hips twitch and I feel my cock already trying to make itself known under the bubbling water. “Get on my knees in front of you and suck you down my throat until you were gasping for breath.”
I can't answer, the side of my face mashed into the pillow under me, eyes shut as my brain gives over fully to my transport's sensations, allowing me to float on a cloud of hormones and neurotransmitters flooding me. I occasionally give a little twitch under John as either of us moves and stimulates a sensitive nerve ending.
“Mmm. Let me see... that the spots on my feet that you researched, do cause me to be aroused.” I pull him close to whisper in his ear, “And.... just the idea of me being hard from what you did to me, makes you hard too.”
I tilt my head to look at him. “I’m OK… Really. Please don’t stop.”
Sherlock
Watching him, my brave, confident John, breaking down a little by my bedside, my hand sneaks towards him, whispering, "Is this it? Is this where I lose you John? The point you can take no more and move out?"
Sherlock zooms past me towards the front door. “Sherlock, here, I’m here.” I say gasping for breath.
My hand begins to stroke myself, voice strained, "I won't be able to hold back much longer John."
“I’ve been home all morning. Because I worked the weekend.” I press a kiss into the crook of his neck. “Don’t tell me you forgot our shower this morning...” I mumble.
“Mmm. He didn’t remove those?” I mumble a little sleepily.
“Does it? How come?” I let my hand drift up to his hair.
“God... Yes.” He wraps his long fingers around us both and I thrust up into his hand.
My smile grows, nodding, "I take all our romance now and fix it to items I place in that hotel suite. Do you understand now?"
“You’re not doing too well as it is...” I find him a wheel chair and plop him into it. We approach the desk and the receptionists looks up at us. “What is it this time, boys?” She asks handing me a clip board. “Sherlock drank some bad tea. Our friend was admitted too. Greg Lestrade.” I explain. Her eyes shoot up. “Oh right! We were told that if you arrived to take you to a room right away.”
I gasp again, louder this time. “I told you warn me before you do that.” I groan, I tried to wiggle my hips, but he was holding me down.
A small smirk of triumph curves my lips, "More for me to hold onto."
“Mmm. Sounds interesting.” I squeeze his hand again and lean over to kiss his cheek. “I have something for you also. I hope you’ll like it.”
All I can do is stroke his hair gently, before shaking my head, "It was just a dream."
“I know we talked about it before... but we never.... and I haven’t brought it up but... I want to give that to you. I want us to experience that together.” I let out a sigh and rub the back of my head, blushing.
My cheeks huff out with an annoyed breath, "But not at my expense."
“Mmm. We should order that. Then I can suck it off of you.” I’m very drowsy now, and my mind starts conjuring up images of a pond with swans and a warm sunny day and dripping honey.
“You mean you don’t wanna throw us out?” I tease.
Sherlock
Sherlock
I give a little hum in reply to that, settling down quietly and drifting into a light doze as my head is stroked by John's sturdy fingers.
I still look huffy, lower lip sliding out and eyes narrowing, "You've ruined the mood."
Rolling my head back and forth in the pillows I gasp, "Yes. Yes. Touch me there John."
Sherlock
I wait patiently as Sherlock goes through all the oils. “What did you choose?” I ask.
Grinning I use the callouses on my fingertips and fingers to add to the massage, pulling our hands together and apart, "I should give you at least a hand massage often. I know the cold weather and your clinic work makes them stiff. It may explain your typing rate also"
“Alright...” I nod and watch as he goes across into the bathroom. I rub a hand across my face, wondering what I did want to say.
Sherlock
Sherlock
His calming voice has the effect it often does, dropping my hands down, shoulders stooping. I decide to be blunt. "Do you, John Hamish Watson, wish to marry me? Now or in the future."
I give a full bodies stretch under the covers, yawning and then rolling to sit up, hand automatically going to scratch at my head wounds, "Extra salt too?"
Chuckling I relax back again, reaching to sip my tea carefully, "So what else was said?"
"More or less?" For all my research and for all the times John has done this for me, I'm still rather battling in the dark. John has a very different body to my own and I still hold a very real fear of hurting him and putting him off this act forever.
Sherlock starts to go green as he sits up to put on the gown. “Are you going to be sick again?” I ask. I get up quickly to get a tub out of a cupboard.
Sherlock
Settling back down I feel myself drifting off again, "I wonder if I can pick up where I left off. There was honey involved and your mouth."
“I’m right here.”
Sherlock
“Yeah... But that’s different though.” I take the lube from him and open it. I pour it generously over my fingers and rub them together. “Are you ready?” I ask, my voice husky.
My whole body shudders at that, whispering, "How are you still sexually aroused John?"
“I’m sure we’d both be surprised. You surprised me.” I say through a grin.
“Dunno. Never had one.” I mumble back.
“I thought it was nice. It was private and special.” I pout a bit, taking a bite of egg.
My snores are still slightly raspy, my deep sleep helping to heal my body and mind though. The blankets are pulled up to my chin and my eyelashes flutter on my cheeks.
Molly scrabbles for the spoon, her smile growing more and more strained and desperate, "Pasta is ready guys. Sit down?"
"Yes...captain bossy Watson," I manage to gasp out, following his orders and adjusting my hips to press in more, his body swallowing my shaft now greedily.
My voice is hoarse and slightly husky, whispering, "Am I hurting you? I can pull out, get you cleaned up."
I lean in, whispering in rather a nervous, almost shy tone, "I would like to lick you."
I smile softly at him as we shuffle through the door. I unload my arms into the coffee table and as I’m standing up the envelope from Anthea falls out of my pocket. I pick it up from the floor and toss it onto the coffee table with a snort.
Sherlock
I start unbuttoning my shirt, trying to respect his privacy as he climbed into bed. The fact that it had been three days since the last time we were intimate, was not lost on me.
I open my eyes again, raising my head and stuffing a pillow under it so I can better view John without straining my neck. "That is all correct."
I smile down at him. “I can’t speak for you but I’m sure there’s several reasons.”
My voice is sluggish and a little slurred with just the vague hint of a lisp on some of my sharper sounds, "NoPe...just relaxing and letting myself drift for a little bit. Though it's starting to become uncomfortable now."
I roll my eyes, picking up the scarf again. “If it’s this cold in here, it’s going to be cold outside. You need to put on some clothes.” I start peeling the blanket away from him. I wrap the scarf around his neck and reach down for his trousers.
My body rocks with his, gasping and yielding to his increasing roughness. My arms tense and I start to push back when he thrusts, my own movements hard and almost violent in the wet slaps coming from our meeting, growling my words loudly, "Harder. Captain Watson!"
Flopping down on my side I reach for my laptop once more, "Go ahead and eat? I'm going to look for something to do for the day."
“ I love it. It’s beautiful.” I lace my fingers with his and lean forward to kiss him softly.
“Hey! You cheated!” I start ripping into the envelope. Sherlock gets his open first, (because he cheated) to reveal a shadow box with a taxidermy wasp mounted inside.
“No, what is it? Out with it then.”
That makes me chuckle, shaking my head, "No, not at all. I hope it will make you smile and take me to bed though."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now that’s dirty talk.” I grumble and pull him up on me more fully as we lay back into the blankets. I reach up for his mouth with mine.
Sherlock
Sherlock
I'm very glad I picked the lube for us with care as I slide one finger from each hand into John alongside my tongue. The lube is tasteless and I'm able to keep kissing and licking him even as my two fingers begin the real stretch.
I'm overcome with a feeling of weariness, keeping my attention on John now, "How is Lestrade?"
“No, he wasn’t angry. No one was angry with you, Sherlock. We were worried.” I turn towards him and grip his bicep.
Curling up again I lift my head, fixing John in a sleepy little smile, "Go and check on Lestrade?"
Finally I come back out, staring at John, "We need to marry before them."
Shoulders slumping, I manage to nod, "He...was angry?"
"You're wr....wrong..." my words are interrupted by a wide yawn, then a glare, "Stop doing that."
I devour around half my portion quickly before trying to push the remainder onto John, starting to grow restless, "Did you see Lestrade?"
“Like what?”
Opening my lips into his, I whisper, "Then I will attempt to remember to say the words you prefer John. My love. The one who holds my heart and a piece of my soul."
I snort at that, then frown. “I just hope he doesn’t hate me now.”
“People always talked, but I didn’t think it could be true.” Molly says looking between us. “I didn’t think so either.” I take Sherlock’s hand, trying to show her that we were happy. “It took us a long time to get here.”
I glance at him sideways and shrug.
I pull my finger out and add a second finger pushing in slowly. I can feel his body resist a bit but then pull my fingers in. I push them all the way in. I groan at the sensation of how tight he was around my fingers. I pull in and out a few times before reaching up to brush by his sensitive spot again.
Sherlock
“It’s ok, Love. Just rest. You’ll feel better soon.” I lean down to kiss the top of his head.
Sherlock
I try and sit up and reach for the gown to put it on, the room spinning though and making me feel sick once more.
I moan out and start thrusting harder and deeper at his request, my fingers digging into his hips. This was harder than I’d ever fucked him before and it felt so good. “Fuck, Sherlock, you’re so tight.”
“I... I don’t know... is that what we’re supposed to do? My ideas on the order of things or how things are “supposed to go” have changed... I guess...” I sigh.
Sherlock
I freeze. “We don’t have to do it this way... if you don’t want to.”
Wriggling back I nod, letting my head fall over the edge of the bath, "Just lay with your back on my chest between my legs. You're tiny."
I inspect the remainder of the basket. The hotel has provided a few blends of massage oils along with base and scents to create my own. Despite my new researched knowledge of blends, I decide to go for one labeled as a ready blended sensual one, uncapping it with a snick before sniffing it and nodding. Not too feminine but warming and gentle on the senses.
I attempt to chuckle, it just coming out as a muffle little grunting sound that vibrates around his cock, before my lips slowly and sensually ripple upwards, making every single moment of sensation on his shaft tingle with tongue and cheeks sucking.
Sherlock
"I thought you wanted this?" My jaw drops slighly, growing confused once more. "To be first to marry?"
He pulls back and I hum. “Rules? What kind of rules?”
Sherlock
Giving in, I allow John to strip me, growing more and more petulant, "You'll get grumpy in the morning when you can't have your morning tea."
I start to doze a bit too. I hadn’t slept much at all last night and laying with him like this always made me so sleepy. After a while, I’m not sure how long, a nurse enters to check Sherlock’s vitals. She has to take his blood pressure so we have to wake him. “Sherlock,” I say gently. “We need to take your blood pressure.”
Sherlock
“Thanks, Mike.” I go into the room to help with Sherlock, who was almost hysterical.
“Mmm. Ridiculous, you’re like a bloody octopus. All legs and arms. But I wasn’t talking about those either. Keep guessing.”
I turn to Molly, the words finally spilling out. “Molly, we are so sorry we didn’t tell you sooner. It just sort of happened. And well...” I trail off. “How long?” She asks a bit forcefully. “About a month. It was when we were gone to Sussex for that week.” I look at Sherlock then down at my lap.
“I know.” I press a kiss to the center of his chest.
There's a dash of red across my cheeks, then I nod hurridly, barking, "Bed."
Sherlock
My hands try and grab the blankets as tantalizing bits of John appear from them, "When will they be done? The explosion didn't cause that much damage. I bet Hudders is sneaking in some extra work to the ancient heating system while they're here and on Mycroft's credit card."
I press back into him and start putting kisses down his neck. “Hmmm? Tell me.” I mumble between kisses.
I grunt, continuing to run my fingers through his curls, head still lolled on the back of the couch. “Are you sure you want to wait?”
My hand stills. It feels like my heart stills. Eyes shooting up to stare at him before whispering, in some confusion, "You still want to be with me?"
“No of course not.” I stand up to face him. “Some people just have trouble connecting what they’re thinking to what their feeling physically. Sometimes I have trouble with that.”
I stand in the kitchen of 221B, my old brown lab coat on around my suit, googles over my eyes and measuring one test tube into another carefully.
I give her a thin smile. “Maybe we better go help him before he destroys your kitchen.” I say stepping inside.
Nodding eagerly I add, "You can lock up and take the keys with you whenever you go out? I won't even try and pick the lock."
“And I would have the chocolates to myself if you didn’t eat half of them. But you know I don’t mind sharing with you.” I think for a moment. “I don’t know mostly I just used to think about your mouth a lot. And then recently I’ve been thinking about what it would feel like to be inside you. And to watch you underneath me like that.”
“Does it feel good? You like having my fingers inside of you?” I mouth at the inside of his thigh, leaving sloppy kisses there.
I sigh, watching him, I circle my thumb more. “Tell me when you want me to go lower... when you’re ready.”
Sherlock
I reach up to where the blush was creeping down his chest. “Is that what you want? For me to take you from behind?”
“Maybe we should get cleaned up a bit... and the other massage was full body but I think he did the foot thing too... I used to think he did it on purpose...”
“Sherlock and I will go wait for you in the living room.” I say and grab Sherlock by the arm and drag him out of the kitchen.
He pushes deep into my foot, and the arousal that was sitting low in my belly makes the rest of its way to my groin. My balls tighten up and my cock starts to throb to life. I let out a breathy ‘Ugh’. I shift my hips on the bed. “What did you do? Is it supposed to do that?”
Sherlock
“You really want that? We haven’t talked about that yet...” I say a little breathless.
“Nothing ever changes.” I mutter with a grin as I close my eyes. After dosing for about a half hour, I get a little sweaty in my coat. I get up and stumble to the bathroom, taking a warm shower. I dress and head back to the sofa and fall back asleep in relatively the same position.
“Well, I was thinking last night while I was sitting here. I want to know what you are working on. And nothing flammable while I’m out. I have to start paying attention to that. I won’t let this happen again.” I look up at him then.
“No! Why would I be upset?” I wipe myself up with the other side of the pillowcase and slide up next to him, pulling the blankets back over us.
Pulling out the morgue marked box I examine the seal, nodding and placing it on the table ready for later when John is out and can't moan about what I plan to do, "I still have your hand print on one buttock John."
We are in A&E at Bart's... Greg passed out after drinking some suspect tea.
“You better not.” I kiss the top of his head, squeezing his shoulder. I exit out the kitchen door to the landing and down the stairs,
Sherlock
“No.” I shake my head sleepily.
Absolutely! 6:30?
Sherlock
My fingers twirl his hair around, trying to get it to curl and only half succeeding. It reminds me to do a study on his follicles one day. "The only things on my record are my drug offenses."
“What’s the issue?” I pull back to look at him.
Gasping John manages to yank the blankets out and send me rolling onto my back at the same time. I glare at the ceiling, "Your bedside manner isn't that good doctor Watson."
Freezing at the edge of the bed, in everyway, I wrap my arms around me, rubbing my sides as my teeth chatter, "Cold...and sore."
Spearing a chip, I dip it into my tomato sauce, nudging him with a deep, slightly husky chuckle, "You were concerned I would have damaged the hotel room?"
Smirking I tug with my teeth, trying to pull the bright red and white fabric down, "I was more interested in watching what was covered than what was covering it John."
I laugh as he tries to pull me on top of him. “What are you doing?”
I was starting to go soft already and we were dangerously close to making a mess all over the bed. “We should get cleaned up...Ready?”
I let my feet rest flat on the bed and I take a few deep breaths trying to calm myself. I wanted so much for us both to enjoy this.
Holding John close to me with one arm, the other slides under my head. For once I don't feel tired, instead rather wired from my visit to Lestrade. In a fit of unexpected generosity though I keep my voice low and deep for sleepy John, "I had nothing to compare with for the actual physical experience. It was a variable I was discounting."
I chuckle, taking his head between my hands. “No, Love. Sod the bloody microwave. I can buy 100 new microwaves. I can’t replace you.”
“Oh fuck... you’re so big, Sherlock.” My hips twitch up to meet his, as he presses fully inside me.
Sherlock
“Well, you always make sure to tell me when I’m being boring, so I’ll make sure to spice it up when I am.” I scratch at the back of his skull and turn my attention back to the telly.
Putting my still full plate to one side I attempt to slip out of the bed, "Tight clothes are comfortable. They allow me to move and don't catch fire easily. Unlike those hideous jumpers you wear."
Molly turns back to the stove. I look at him, wide eyed. “ God I hope not.”
My feet thud on the pavement, arms locked behind me, head down as I mutter to myself, head twitching now and then as though reading something invisible.
I chuckle and lean over to kiss him. “I didn’t realize this place was fancier than the place in Sussex.”
I nod and toe off my shoes, climbing up next to him. I lay up higher and hold my arms out to him so he can lay on my chest. “That’s right. I forgot that I owed you a “taking apart”.” I grin. “I guess you’ll have to wait a few more days.”
I crouch down next to him, his eyes are closed but I know he’s not asleep. “Hey, I ran you a hot bath. Want to go soak?” I start to peel the blanket open.
“I won’t.... not for this. I know you. I know what I signed up for. When I let myself love you. When I asked for your heart.” I take a small step forward.
“I don’t doubt it... I just want to hear it sometimes. And I know we will be fine.” I press a kiss into his shoulder.
My arm shifts, wrapping around his shoulders to pull him close, "Did my massage...have the same effect as the other? I believed it was relaxing you instead of arousing you."
I walk up to him and put my hand on his shoulder, to stop his pacing. “Hey. You gonna be ok?”
I screw up my mouth. “I don’t want you to ‘provide’ me with it. It’s supposed to be for both of us. And you can’t honestly tell me that you wouldn’t be aroused by getting me off.”
I run the hand not holding me up, down his side. “Mmm. Let me know when you’re ready for me to get up.”
Waving a hand I breeze past him towards the bathroom, my shirt slung over my shoulder, "Like you said, it's a change from takeaway."
I could hear Sherlock calling for me inside the room. “Please... I’m his emergency contact.... his doctor.” I try desperately, looking in the room. A doctor comes up behind me.
"Do you think I'm broken in some way John?" My words come bluntly as I dry myself with the towel but there's a hint under them of concern.
"Of course." I smile and then add, "On the count of three? One...two..." before I even finish two I'm ripping into my present gleefully.
Molly splutters something, then hides her face in her hands, her voice muffled, "We can still have dinner together?"
Sherlock
I thought maybe they needed some time alone together. It wasn’t me that was breaking up with her after all.
Gasping, my mind starts to clear, my transport taking over with it's demands, letting me know about how stretched I feel, the hint of pain from the burn, John's words echoing around my mind palace, "Yes...you know what your praise does to me. It always has had an effect."
“I can but I’m not going to last....” I grunt and thrust into him again.
Blinking I peer up him, nodding, "Indeed. My fingers are abnormally long also, as you can feel." With that I begin sweeping my thumbs up and down the sole of his foot, remembering to press hard so I don't tickle.
My head is thrown back now, exposing a long, unbroken line from chin to chest, grunting as I add a third finger, "I won't hurt myself John. I'm experienced now. I know my limits."
“Ooohhh... Sherlock...” I choke out. I squeeze his sides, kneading my fingers into his skin. I feel so full it’s almost painful, uncomfortable. “Don’t stop moving... don’t...” I pant.
"How do you manage to be so lazy?" My attention is off my laptop by now, gazing down at John with a half quirky little grin, "I would have thought being a doctor and being a solder would mean you survive on almost no sleep and are up at dawn."
There's a rather disgusted noise form the bathroom, "Where I go, you go. Is that too difficult to understand John?"
“No, Mike, there was an explosion... Sherlock.” I trail off. Mike looks at the nurse.
Sherlock
My eyes narrow slightly, not out of anger or frustration but just thoughtfully, "You once had a fixed order. Meet someone. Date them. Move in. Marriage. Children."
Swallowing I have the unpleasant feeling I've done and said the wrong thing yet again, especially when I glace at Molly to see tears in her eyes and her hands clasped to her mouth.
"She is not as stupid as you make her sound John, I'm sure." Sweeping back past him I collect my jacket and slip it on, "No one could be that stupid."
I attempt to follow his lips to claim more of these kisses, "Have we? I must have deleted it all."
“What?” I ask softly, gripping his bicep. He was processing something... so I didn’t interrupt further.
“Of course, I do. I love you, Sherlock.” I take his hand that was making its way towards me on the bed.
Sherlock
"I can't help it John." My eyes close, relaxing into his touch, "All my life he's been there. As much as I detest it, I'm always in his gaze. Now that's changing."
Sherlock
Sherlock
“What? Why?” I put my hands on my hips.
My hands suddenly seem too large and clumsy on his skin, having to arch in order to work his muscles as I should. I envy for a moment John's short and strong fingers before dismissing it, using my palms and calloused fingertips instead, imagining he was my violin and I was coaxing sound out of him.
"Oh yes John Watson, you like this. don't you?" There's a tiny smirk to my voice as I twist and sink my fingers deeper, opening him to one, then the next knuckle, lube and spit glistening on his skin.
“Is he always this hard to wake up?” The nurse asks with some concern.
"No, it was just a little too sensative." I start to relax once more under his kisses and thrusts, "It was too much. Too sharp."
I smile at him, letting him take the bag. I sit back down next to him and lean over to kiss his cheek. “I missed you while I was gone.”
I lift my hips up and that starts him pulling my zip, but stretches it out so he can pull it down easier.
“No...” my voice comes out in a whisper so I clear my throat and start again. “No… You’re not hurting me.. I’m… Just overwhelmed I guess…”
We pull up to the hotel and we climb out. “Anthea had some fresh clothes sent over for us.”
I frown, as I’m showered with water as he gets up. “Hmmm.” The moment was apparently over. I switch off the jets and pull the plug to drain the water.
“No... don’t stop... you’re just... too far away.” I breathe out.
Nodding, I still seem in a state of shock, gripping the box, "I've been following their story. They were considered extinct then isolated bees were found. I...never thought I would see one. Thank you John."
Sherlock
Sherlock
Pressing my lips together I shake my head, then lunge for the tub in John's hands, stumbling naked across the floor.
I pull all the way out and push back in with three fingers. I have to push harder this time. I let out a whimper as I watch my fingers disappear inside him.
Opening the front door to Baker street I stride in, not caring how noisy I am as Mrs Hudson isn't there to complain. The air smells of fresh plaster and wood chippings, underlayed with the sharp tang of chemical smoke still that lingers even after a few days.
"Too long!" I snarl, wrapping myself up in the blanket before trying to stand, waddling towards the door.
I hum into his mouth and pull back, snuggling back into his chest.
There's an almost dream like quality to my voice as I let him go, "I do. I don't even know why John. There's no logical reason."
“Maybe Molly will be able to get some for you.” I offer. “Please, Sherlock. We need to get you well so we can go home.” I brush back his curls.
I give a thoughtful hum, then pull a pillow from the side, under one leg till it's tucked under his bottom, displaying him nicely just at mouth level.
I nod quickly. “Yeah. I think so.”
Taking the plate I swipe it with the towel, feeling rather awkward, "I hope you're not...disappointed."
“Do you want to dry?” Molly asks handing Sherlock a tea towel.
“Ooohhhh... Jesus, Sherlock. I never imagined...” I moan out, my hips lifting off the mattress.
“Oh fuck... keep talking to me like that.... you like it too, don’t you?” I pant out as he twists three whole fingers inside me.
Glancing at him my look softens again, "I'm sure you could John. You are a perfectly good doctor after all."
"I know. It was a terrible idea really, wasn't it?" In contrast to my words I wriggle my trousers down and step out of them, shivering, my thin frame doing nothing to dispel the chill in the room.
I crinkle my nose a bit. “What does that mean? Yours don’t?”
Thanks for being patient with the slowness of my updates with these! Lonewarg and I have had a really good time creating these boys! They hold a special place in ours hearts. Because of this project we have formed a lifelong friendship that crosses an ocean!
Chuckling, I shuffle after him, murmuring, "I managed to get you to do all that without a word John. Imagine if I actually spoke?"
Sherlock
I kiss him lightly on the forehead again. “Merry Christmas.”
I'm growing utterly confused by his answers, reaching to pull him into my side, "I'm lead to believe that massage therapy is very different to physio therapy for injuries."
Grunting I shake my head, starting to wake though, yawning wide and blinking, "Jawwwwwwwn?"
My thumbs rub that certain spot on his feet that, in the diagram I had studied showed a crude image of a man's arousal, "I am. I am also experimenting."
“Of course, Yes... in a good way.” I say softly.
Nuzzling his lips I lead him to our chairs, chuckling, "And I you."
“Um... something like that.” I mutter with a look at Sherlock. I try not to blush.
My tongue eagerly soothes the slight stretch and burn, whispering into his flesh, "We both have an oral fixation. I thought you knew this John."
Now the pout starts developing on my lips, gazing down at my commanding captain, eyes narrowing, "Did you see Lestrade before we left?"
Sherlock
In a daze I peer up at John, blinking slowly with a slightly glazed look, "You're going to murder me over the microwave."
I have the grace to look a little guilty at that, but only a little, quickly regaining my composure, "I was listening. It was all very interesting, what you were saying."
I put my hand on my face. “I’m sorry, Molly. You know how he is. I can go, if there’s not enough.” I say trying to be polite. I knew there was a chance we may not be eating at all, depending on how upset she was over our news.
Sherlock
Sherlock
Molly just starts to look confused now. I give a loud, frustrated sigh, "Oh for goodness sake!" before lunging at John, attempting to catch his lips full on.
My fingers quickly slip away, returning to just kissing and sucking on his skin to ease the pain. I know it may take some time to relax and prepare him but I'm patient.
I let out a sigh that borders on a groan. His voice rumbles through me and settles in my belly. “I thought you were just giving me a massage.”
Nodding I plop my chin down into his lap, not prepared to wake all the way for this, "I was having a lovely dream about Sussex and sex."
Sherlock
All I can do is lie there and enjoy it. His fingers work over my upper back and neck. I sigh again. The oil was slick on his hands and it felt so soft.
I bark out a laugh and then snap my mouth shut.
I’m at the desk in the sitting room working on my laptop... finishing up the blog post of our latest case. My phone buzzes. It’s a text from my Army friend Bill Murray.
“I know... you just said once that you wanted to try so I want to give this to you. I want to experience it. Even if we never do it again.” I grip his sides, “If you don’t want to, we don’t have to, though.”
“Yes... it was...amazing...” I press a kiss to his forehead.
Pouting slightly I flop besides him, "How about...I had just gone to get a glass of water?"
I sigh into the glass, making a foggy spot. Maybe he was angry with me, more than he was letting on... or worse disappointed. We stayed quiet the rest of the ride to the flat.
I pick up his phone again and type out a text Mycroft.
I grasp his shoulders to try and guide his head down into my lap, nodding, "They do seem matched though. I worry about how Lestrade was acting just now though."
“I know.” I put my hand on his face. “Just lie back and we’ll help you feel better.” A nurse grabs his arm, while I’m holding his attention. She expertly starts an IV and starts a drip and injects the IV with some midazolam, as the Doctor has directed. “You’re going to get a bit sleepy. They’re going to get you cleaned up.”
“No, of course not.” I press a chaste kiss to the side of his neck. “I’ve told you that before.” I lay my head down on the pillow next to him. “Sorry.”
Sherlock
Sherlock
My face splits into a wide beam, grasping his shoulders, "If we begin now then we can be married in two weeks, three at most."
“You haven’t lost Mycroft. And what have I done to show you that I want to leave? I’m not leaving, Sherlock. I can’t. It would kill me.”
Despite my grumbling my clothes are stripped off slowly, striding around the room in tight trousers and even tighter shirt, gesturing wildly, "I'm sure this is part of my punishment for blowing up his boyfriend by accident."
My face falls a bit as I thought I’ve been doing a spectacular job of avoiding the subject. I take a deep breath and let it out. “I said some not good things about Mycroft and he said some not good things about you.”
“Yes, I think so. You’re more sentimental than I ever imagined.” I reach my hand out of the water and behind me to rest on his face.
"How can I feel good, feel confident, when you apologize for my own...." I grit my teeth, spitting the next word, "Freakishness."
Sherlock
“I’ll take that as a compliment.” I reach up greedily for his mouth, my tongue diving up in search of his. I grab his hips and pull him fully on top of me.
I look mortified, trying to grip onto both of his arms and tug him towards the front door. I can't even speak now, not knowing what to say, never having remotely been in this situation or ever imagined myself to be in it.
Sherlock
Sherlock
“Oh... fuck.. Sherlock... So fucking hot...” I give one last forceful thrust up, almost lifting us off the bed, and I’m pulsing out hot and wet into Sherlock’s hand and out onto my stomach.
This was going to be more difficult than I thought. Molly is my friend too. How do you break up with someone that you’re not even with? I follow Molly into the kitchen.
A loud snort into the darkness is my reply to that, "Of course I act differently around you John. But Mycroft is...Mycroft."
Working my way up to his hand I repeat the pulling and squeezing of his fingers, my tone blunt, "Foot massages. There's some scientific evidence they're of benefit, if only to circulation."
Sherlock
This time I can physically feel him loosen and welcome me, no longer fearful of what I was doing. The muscular flat of my tongue presses into him from inside before swirling deeper, lips sucking on his outer rim.
“Oh shit.” I mumble, turning pink. I look at Sherlock for help, who’s not paying attention at all. Still ranting about the flat. “Um... hey Molly.” I wave awkwardly. Maybe it was best we get this over with quickly.
He twists his whole mouth around me, and he pushes harder into my prostate and I’m there, coming hard into his mouth. My eyes screwed shut and his name coming out as one long groan, as I spill my warmth into his mouth and down his throat.
Picking up another plate I nod, "You are a sensible woman. You could do far better than me anyway."
“We could pick them out together.”
"How do I make you lazy?" My eyes roll so hard they almost physically hurt
“Maybe In a bit. You’ve only just woken up. I’d like to stay with you for a while.” I squeeze his hand.
My hand comes up to stroke over his strong back, leaning to rest on his hair, "I could give you oral sex?"
There's a strong, resisting pressure before I suddenly feel the head of my cock swallowed by the tightest, hottest sensation I've ever felt, pausing with a loud, suprised gasp.
At his words I run a very quick systems check over my transport, realising that actually I was still quite sore and aching there. John was so smart in some areas it seems, "You're right. Let’s just do this?" I mark my words with a firm, sensual grind of my hips onto his.
I raise a brow, playing with the slightly ginger stubble on his jaw, "Really? Are you telling me that you've always followed the law? I believed you had more of a moral compass you followed than blindly believing your superiors."
“Oh... that feels nice.” I sigh out. My hands always feel stiff and with him working them over they suddenly felt loose.
“Maybe you just forgot. I did give you some pretty amazing orgasms.” I smile into his kisses.
The Previous chapter can be found in Chapter 1 of 221Boom here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041424
I settle into his arms as I feel him drift off. I’m thoroughly relaxed and soon I’m asleep too.
“Yes! But it’s too late now, isn’t it?!” I throw my arms out and then cover my face.
Shifting my hand from the dial I watch him, "Embarrassing how?"
Sherlock
Sherlock
I watch John's face fall, leaning to kiss his neck, "You're worried also about their marriage, aren't you?"
I let him pull me close and my tongue darts out to meet his. I pull away a bit sucking on his tongue as I pull back.
I squeeze his hand in mine, watching with a slightly gaping and saliva filled mouth as his body accepts my fingers, adjusting to them and stretching, whispering huskily, "I can add another, if you wish?"
I frown, not wanting to meet his eye.
“Mmm. My favorite ones. You weren’t paying attention when I get dressed?” My hand finds its way back to his curls.
“It’ll be fine.” I whisper. I walk out of the kitchen.
My shirt goes flying across the room to land atop a stack of papers, followed swiftly by my trousers and then John's, both of us now naked and entwined in the warm nest of pillows and blankets.
Satisfied with my scarf around my neck I waddle off towards where my coat hangs, pulling the blanket back around me tight.
I let out choked groan. “We... we’ve never done that before. Are you sure?”
Leaning forwards I shift my mind from my own bodily sensations, dismissing my transport for the moment, and instead concentrating on the shape, density and tension in John's shoulders. Diagrams and words flash up from my mind from the massage instructions I've read.
My lips turn into nuzzling, drifting across his cheek and lips, my voice deep and soft, "Don't you know? Everytime I say your name it's as if I was speaking those words."
I watch as our fingers move around each other. “What was the first?”
I sigh and nod, closing my eyes a moment to regain composure before responding, "Mycroft isn't as sensitive as I. He is able to better control himself and take care of his heart"
As John slides down my hand tug his jeans down, sliding them onto his thighs and then knees, before a hand works it's way under his heavy testicles, supporting them as I begin to flex my lips and throat, massaging him almost lazily.
I eye John with a little smirk as he signs all the needed paperwork to gain release and the return of his belongings from the officer on duty, "It feels strange that you're not doing this for me. Or that we're not doing it together."
Sherlock
I go up to him and grab him around the shoulders. “Sherlock. I’m here. What’s wrong? What happened?” My face is creased with worry.
I grip his hips hard again and start to thrust harder and deeper. “Oh fuck, Sherlock. You feel so good... fuck.”
Sherlock
Sherlock
Sherlock
Nodding, I close my eyes at last, "You may have to remind me as just saying your name allows my feelings to escape."
Dropping down onto the bed from the chair I start to crawl up his body on all fours, retaining burning eye contact, "Can't you deduce?"
“You’re going to give me a massage? It’s four in the morning...” I say sitting up on my elbows.
Gripping his lip between mine I tug, before letting go and slipping my tongue into his mouth, whispering with open lips, "Not at all. It makes me feel something I've never felt before."
“We’re making a mess all over the pillow. I’m going to pull out now.” I pull back with a grunt. Still sensitive.
I flop backwards onto the bed, staring at the ceiling and bringing my fingers up to my thinking position, "I have done many things in my life that have annoyed my brother, but never has he resorted to physical violence against me."
Sherlock
Stumbling into the living room I give John a baffled look, "What's wrong?"
Sliding down into the tub I throw my head back, making a moaning noise, "Perfect...get in too?"
I frown and sigh. “Why don’t you want anyone to know... if we get married? Why does it have to be a secret?”
I squeeze his hand trying to relax into the stretch. I throw my head back onto the pillows with a gasp.
“Really?” I moan out as I watch him. “Do you want me to go faster? Or is this ok?” I slide my fingers as deep as I can get them, brushing by his prostate ever third pass.
I pull up to the back garages of Baker street, parking in the one we pay a small fortune to rent and turning the car off, "Lets go and stoke the fire and pull out some whisky?"
I chuckle. “We just fought about how I wanted too much sex and now you to give me a blow job?”
"Clever John." I gaze into his rather stern face, rolling my eyes, "Will not marrying you make you run away into the arms of some vapid woman?"
The nurse turns off the monitor and leaves the room with out a word. “Maybe you should stay awake and tell me about it.” I stoke his hair.
“And it wasn’t that kind of brawling.” I mumble as I take his hand and stand. I follow him through to the kitchen and then make my way into the sitting room and flop down onto the sofa without bothering to remove my jacket, holding the union jack pillow over my stomach.
"When do you order me around?" My snorting little laugh is muffled as I lean into John's hair which is still scented from our midnight bath.
I take his advice, lubing my finger before trying to slide it in, lifting my rather drool covered mouth off him to do so. My breathing is rather heavy as my eyes set on him, reddened now and glistening.
I move my thumb a bit lower and start making circles with my thumb. “If I go any lower... I’ll be...” I’m cut off by a low moan from above me.
Sherlock
“At least slip on your shoes... there might be glass on the landing.”
I smile into my tea as I take a sip trying to hide my blush.
I groan out as he pushes back into me, meeting me thrust for thrust. I can feel myself getting closer, harder. I dig my fingers into his hips and stop us abruptly, bringing one hand to squeeze around the base of my cock.
He pulls our hips together and I grunt from his forcefulness. I lean up to kiss him again. “I thought we were going to the bedroom.” I say between kisses.
I glanced at my phone and the missed texts from him. I give him a sad look. “I’m sorry. They didn’t give us a chance to call.... stupid...” I trail off.
“The explosion?” I look over his face with concern. Was he going to have even more memory loss with whatever that tea was drugged with. I hoped Mycroft’s team would be able to figure it out quickly. The nurse finishes taking his blood and I continue to stroke his hair.
The corner of my mouth turns up and I nuzzle into his chest more. “Mmm. I know.” I sigh.
My hand trembles slightly as I fumble the small, black velvet box from my pocket. I tell myself it's from the moist chill outside. "John.." I begin, gazing at him with wide eyes.
Sherlock
That's the end of the Johnlock side snippets for this story!! Hope you enjoyed it!
I huff out a sigh. “Mmmm. We can be quick. Or maybe I’ll just tease you a bit make you wait.”
My look directed at John is pure confusion, still sitting clutching onto his hand.
Sherlock
My elbows fold under me as I lay on my belly looking up at him with a disapproving glare, "Your sperm was to be the extra gift I referred too early." my nose wrinkles with a huff, "Or I was to invite you to stuff me full of cheer."
I grin. “Does that mean it’s a naughty gift?” I ask.
Molly's smile grows even more desperate, nodding and shutting the door, before tottering towards the kitchen in rather too tall heels for her, "He means well."
The bed shifts and I can feel Sherlock cuddle up next to me. He smells like the hospital. “How’s Greg?” I ask sleepily.
“No we have to put on some clothes. I’m not riding round London with you wrapped in a blanket.”
Sherlock
“But... it was damaged by the explosion and fire. Anthea arranged for the cleaning and repairs, but it’s going to take at least a week. She’s gotten us rooms at a hotel. Mrs. Hudson, too.”
My hand was still covered in lube so I reach down and wrap my fingers around his cock and give him a little jerk.
Sherlock
Wriggling a little I roll onto my front, head down in John's lap now and starting to nuzzle, "I have time to give you a reminder that you're not to chase after Bill or his friends then."
Leaning back I consider this, frowning into thin air, "My brother is more than used to coming and bailing me out."
There's a playful glare aimed up John's body, "I didn't see that in porn either."
“Like what?” I snake an arm out of the covers to rest a hand on his thigh.
The shirt finally gives up under my fingers, a loud tearing sound heard in the room as the seam surrenders, "Of course I'm a freak."
"You like that?" I decide to indulge in a little dirty talk as I finger him. I've become a little better at it than my early days but it still feels stilted and clumsy in my mouth, "You've always watched my fingers, always desired them. They're so long and nimble."
“You’re so demanding.” I reach my hand down underneath his balls pressing lightly, sliding lower and lower, until I feel puckered skin. I gasp a bit and I look up quickly to watch his reaction as I press in light circles.
“What, the part that feels good?” I mumble.
Sherlock
"That won't take all day." My nose scrunches at the bridge, "It will barely take an hour before they kick us out again. Cretins."
I nod and huff at the thought. He starts thrusting in more forcefully with his fingers rather than just sliding them in and out. He twists his fingers and my breath catches again.
Sherlock
My tongue flicks out and around my lips, catching a stray dribble from one corner and then stretching lazily, "Later, when you come home from your meeting with Bill, you can return the favour."
His tongue feels so good and the sensation seems to relax me all over. But I was starting to get impatient, I wanted to move on. “Maybe just try one finger?” I suggest.
Sherlock
Kissing the crown of his head I shift under him, Full breakfast will be served for you in ten minutes. Complete with finest tea and fresh coffee."
Shifting my sausages to John's plate I chuckle, reaching to pour us both tea, "I don't care at all for where we are. It's all just transport after all. Though that Sussex hotel did have a certain charm."
I'm curled up a little, enjoying the warmth and the mild lighting, while still missing the comfort of 221B and the slight musk we left behind in John's old room.
“Oh... there it is.” I chuckle a bit. “Do you want to try another finger? I’ll be able to reach better with two.”
“Normal? I’d say so. I’m scared too.” I say looking up at him.
“We’ve got nothing on tonight, right? Mind if I go meet a friend for a pint?” I call to Sherlock.
I grunt as he slips two fingers along side his tongue, making me feel incredibly stretched. His fingers weren’t as soft and slick as his tongue. It burns and I tense around him.
“This was your idea.” I reminded him.
“Yeah.” I sigh and cover my face with my hand.
Nodding I try and reach for John, attempting to pull him closer again, rubbing a slender leg over him despite my tremors, "We're talking about it now."
I smile not really reading the newspaper, thinking about our morning. “Not sure how much love I was expressing just then. But I meant it didn’t I?” Our sex life had only gotten the tiniest bit more colorful in the last few weeks but we hadn’t moved on to anything more serious than what we’d done at hotel in Sussex. Not that I was complaining, because everything was pretty amazing.
“I have everything I’ve ever wanted with you.” I brush my thumb over his knee squeezing a bit. “The last few things could get us arrested for public indecency, anyway. Besides, I haven’t had time to think about anything new. Although there are a few other positions I’d like to try now that we’ve made it past the first one. What about you? Do you have any?”
Looking quite pleased that I won I shuffle back towards him, dipping my head down, "Scarf."
"Is it all right on my back?" There's clear concern in the slight higher pitch of my tone, "Maybe on all fours?"
I feel rather than hear the gasp, so caught up in the movement and play of John's muscles, following them like the vibrating strings of my instrument as I attempt to tease out and relax the tortured strands, whispering, "You tense them too much, when you clench your fists."
I begin to blur, Gasping for breath as I thrust into John's body, "Perfect....perfect..." is all I can think I grunt in my husky, almost painful voice.
My eyes roll, reaching to try and grasp his chin once more. This time there's a touch of a smile to my lips, "It makes me feel treasured for the first time. Wanted. Remember what happens when you praise me? It's like that, but more."
Huffing, "You don't believe me. I've slept more in the last few days than I ever have since Sussex when you kept drugging me with sex to sleep."
Sherlock
"Can this day get any better?" Beaming, I lean down and kiss John quickly before soaping us both to rinse off the sweat, oil and cum from our bodies.
My look is rather patronizing, flicking water around us both with my long fingers, "Sentiment is a defect found on the losing side John." with a small pause I continue, a slight smile on my lips, "Since neither of us are losing it cannot be sentiment I'm feeling."
This Chapter follows all of the Events in Holmes for the Holidays
Closing my eyes tight I repeat firmly, "Fuck me. Penetrate me. Make love to me, whatever you want to call it."
"Mmmmm....?" I hum softly into his ear, hands swirling patterns on his torso up and down
“No, like this... maybe a pillow? Under your hips?” I suggest.
I gasp when he starts kissing my shoulder and up my neck again. “Why are we still talking about this?” I say a little breathless.
My fingers explore more since John hasn't pushed them away, fingers sliding to rub and caress, attempting to find the spot I have read about. Sweeping my eyes over him I can't help but grin a little before sinking back down onto him.
I hum gently at his question, ignoring it for the moment, "When I met you I transferred all my medical knowledge. Now it resides in your surgery at the clinic. I walk in there and touch the various bits and pieces you have there and recall things I've learned and need once more. Even the walk into the clinic houses knowledge. The posters on the wall telling me details of the latest figures for diseases."
I rub his back, lazily. “It’s alright, try to get some rest. I’ll wake you up in a bit to check on you.”
I meet his eyes and my breath catches in my throat as he pushes his finger inside me. My eyelids flutter at the sensation.
“Mmm. That sounds lovely. You think we’ll both fit?” I start toeing of my shoes, unbuttoning my jeans.
My kisses nuzzle up and down his neck, breath warm on his skin, "It bothers me. A little."
I open my mouth to say something then snap it back shut. “Just because it’s practical, doesn’t make it any less romantic. Besides how is lazing about in the tub for an hour practical?”
One hand reaches for the oil, sprinkling it onto him as my other hand supports his arm before returning to smoothing up and down, grasping his hand in between my fingers and squeezing, finding confidence now.
“I... won’t be upset.” I’m not sure what else to stay. “Please don’t leave.” I beg clutching the sheet in front of me.
I snort. “Thanks for the reminder. Maybe I’ll take a bath after we get up. That seemed to help you.”
“Yes. I’ve been ordering your food for more than two years. I know what you like.” I get up and bring the bag and teas back to the bed.
Sherlock
“Just Both? I think there’s more than two options.” I try to keep my words from coming out in a full groan.
Tracing my fingers over his shirt buttons they start to undo themselves as if by magic, one by one, hardly a flick of my long digits to help them on their way to baring his broad chest, "I believe you have indicated quite often how selfish I am. It would be hard to beat me."
I huff out a breath. “Stop talking like that. I can’t possibly do that again right now.”
I tense a bit. “Um... maybe.” I had done some research of my own but we hadn’t talked about penetrative sex. We’d been avoiding it. We’d been more creative but it seemed since we’d got back from Sussex we were jumping each other twice a day or more.... like it wasn’t enough. And what would he expect? Would he want to be on the receiving end? Or wound he want me to be? Or both? I wasn’t sure what I wanted either. Other than the fact that I wanted more.
“What?” I stammer as he tosses me into the bed. “What kind of experiment?”
We eat, talking a bit about a few interesting cases that Molly had worked on. We finish up and Molly stands to take dishes to the sink. “Molly, Is it alright if I use you restroom?”
Molly twirls her hands nervously, giggling awkwardly and switching the CD player off, "I'll just put it to one side shall I?"
Flexing my lips a little, I employ all the tricks I've learnt over the past month, relaxing my throat and slipping his head past my gag reflex, pressing my tongue to the underside hard and wriggling it.
I strip down to my pants and spread another blanket on the bed and climb in next to Sherlock and hold him close. “It’s not really that cold in here.”
Chuckling, I roll my eyes, "I already know your fantasy about eating a whole box of chocolates to yourself, so let’s go with sexual, yes?"
“The point is, Sherlock,” I say softer, “I don’t want to do it to beat them, or spite them, or to please any one else. I wanted to do it when we were ready, when WE wanted to.”
Chuckling we receive our drinks, the maid leaving the trolley and exiting once more, leaving us to our breakfast, "This is the kind of service money buys John. Pantless breakfast in bed."
I look at Sherlock. “You didn’t tell her I was coming too?” I ask through gritted teeth.
There's a knock on the door and calling, "Room service. May I enter?" Calling back to confirm the door opens and a beautifully presented maid enters, rolling the trolley with her, filled with every kind of breakfast food and drink imaginable.
My fork travels to his place, trying to slide the bacon back into place, "Oh please. You're not fat John. You've a well developed muscular body that just tends to deposit fat at your stomach. And your bottom."
I leave the car behind, also leaving the destruction of the back seat with half it's leather ripped off and filling all over the floor, peering up at the hotel, "Don't like it."
Sherlock crushes his lips onto mine and I hear Molly let out a squeak. I attempt to push him off of me. “Sherlock!”
Sherlock
Sherlock
"No!" I sound a little sharper than I mean too, hands starting to undo John's buttons on his shirt. "I mean, yes, I wish to try. I just believed that you would never offer it. That's all."
“I like dressing up for you.” I let him unzip my trousers, but then I move out of his reach letting his shirt fall open and starting on his belt and zip.
Beaming at the way he helps me along and sits me down I break out into deep giggles, flopping around the chair bonelessly. My John is so helpful and considerate. Wait, did I just say that out loud? Maybe? He's looking at me weird. I thrust my phone at him again, yelling, "Mycroft."
“Mmm. Now that sounds romantic.”
I grumble bit before starting over. “I may have told him that I thought he and Mycroft were rushing things.”
I try an experimental little tug on his earlobe, just enough for it to sting as my teeth bite into his flesh, purring my words deeply, "I like the fact you enjoy sucking me. I 'd have to muffle my cries or even the idiots on Lestrade's team would work out what you're doing for me."
An eyebrow quirks a little, "Go on?"
“I am, a little.” She turns to face him, leaning on the counter. “But I’m glad your happy.”
My arm sneaks around his shoulders. I still feel pensive though, "Mycroft is very Protective. Over bearing. I often feel Lestrade is the same way. What if they clash?"
Making a little grumbling noise I try and push whoever is prodding me away, shaking my head, "No more today...Mycroft ate the last one."
My breath catches when our lips meet and I let the sheet fall to bring my hands up to grip his biceps.
Nodding, I keep still, floating in that quiet, peaceful place. I'm both enclosed and filled with John. My transport sparks and aches and pulses and is the sum total of me in that moment. It's something I once feared but now embrace with John's assistance and in his safe arms.
“It was kind of... painful..... and a little embarrassing.” I roll away and look at the ceiling.
“Mmm.. your fault.” I say as he starts sticking the steristrip to my lip.
"Just get on with it." I huff, squirming down into the pillows and blankets, feeling exposed but trusting John.
“Why not?”
“I didn’t want better than you. I wanted you.” She’s suddenly standing very close to him.
Holding his hand steady, or maybe he's holding mine steady, I'm unsure...I slowly slip the ring onto his finger, satisfied at the perfect snug fit. The metal is cool but warms quickly, feeling lighter than a gold or silver ring would feel, "I pick this and knew it was perfect for us both. The metal is non-reactive and light weight so won't interfere with either of our professions."
I check the fridge for milk, pulling it out and adding the water to the cups to brew, "I really think my own deductive powers worked that out John."
“That is true.” I stroke down the back of his neck.
“I didn’t say I didn’t love them... just not what I was talking about.”
Sherlock
“I didn’t mean now. The doctor said “no strenuous activities”. I don’t want to get you worked up into a coughing fit.” I snuggle in deeper.
“I... I just love you so much.” I whisper.
“It’s ok. He was worried about you and Greg.”
Frowning, I start to try and take in all the new sensations, before a voice in my mind palace, sounding suspiciously like captain Watson, orders me to remember my research and relax, bare down.
I groan again and then let tug on his hand. “I’m ready... please I want you.. I want you close to me.”
My patience starts to wear thin, snapping, "Yes. I want your cock inside my anus John."
“Yeah, you did.” I say with a big grin.
My fingers slide into his, nodding, "As John has implied. I'm a bit of an idiot when it comes to matters of the heart."
Sherlock
“Sherlock, we need to get you to A&E... Greg is already there. He passed out.”
“What do you mean? Feeling like I want you all the time?” I fidget with the sheet a bit, looking away.
"Oh please, please." I beg, gyrating my hips and letting it transform my transport into a sparkling thing of pure pleasure, releasing hormones and neurotransmitters into my brain and bloodstream till I sing with them, before finally bucking and starting to let loose thick ribbon after ribbon of pleasure over us both.
I quirk an eyebrow. “ How do you mean? Bill’s an obnoxious dumbass, sure but a bad influence?”
“Like sexual ones?”
"Yeeeeeeees?" The noise is half a word, half a moan, twisting my body so my hips lift and present myself better.
Hi, it's John. Using Sherlock's phone as mine is in my locker. He's just come in to see me and is acting a bit strange, almost drunk. Babbling something about tea and Lestrade. Is there anything I should know about?
Sherlock
My breath makes John's hair sway and tickle my lips a little, murmuring, "I didn't think full sex would be like this. It wasn't like this in the videos I watched."
My lips find his ear and jaw, nuzzling eagerly as we remain locked together, even with climaxes passed. I know I'll even now be growing soft and slipping out but I want to make every second last, just in case I never get this chance ever again.
My mouth makes a thin line. I let him doze, while the paramedics care for him. Soon, we stop in front of the A&E. I let the paramedics wheel him out of the ambulance before I climb out after them. The paramedics rattle off his symptoms to the receiving doctors and nurses. “Vomited in the ambo. Smoke inhalation. Possible toxic fumes. Multiple small lacerations in his scalp.” I follow after them and into a room.
“Sometimes I feel that way too.” I grin up at him.
Glaring at the wall switch I grumble, "I gave you the option to return to that hotel." bitterness starts to creep into my already sour voice, "Where that lovely, pretty maid will serve you breakfast in bed."
I look at Sherlock for help but he snaps his mouth shut. “ Molly, Sherlock and I… We… We wanted to tell you... ahrm...” I stop myself to take a deep breath.
My tongue swipes back and forth, before my lips open and suck in one of his heavy balls, tonguing it inside my mouth with a satisfied, smug hum.
As I race out the door I wave a careless hand behind me, "They'll open for me John." before vanishing, banging the door after me and thumping down the stairs.
I collapse down onto one arm, panting into his back. “Oh...Sherlock.” I press a kiss into his back. “I love you.” I pant.
Nodding I close my eye, glad that John is seeing my point now, "The best. Apart from when you're being boring of course."
“Alright.” I slip out of the bed and get the bottle out of his bag from the hospital. I get him a glass of water from the bathroom sink and go back over to the bed. I hold out the glass of water to him.
“I... ahm.... I’m sure they are too. It wasn’t very.. enjoyable last time.. is all.” I screw up my face... not knowing if that was the correct answer. I climb into the bed next to him.
“Ohh... I’m sorry, love.” I chuckle a bit more, sliding my fingers through his hair now. “What can I do to make it up to you?”
I look down to watch him, his lips already swollen and pink. He had the most blissed out look on his face. “ God… You love doing that don’t you?”
Frowning, I consider John's words, before lifting my free arm to summon a car, tugging him into it and settling, gazing out the window without answering with a distant look in my eyes that signals I've retreated to my mind palace.
"My anus is sore. So there." Reaching with my long, almost finger like toes I reach for the tap, starting to add more hot water to the bath while letting some out the plug hole.
Going back to undressing him I nod, trying to slide his shirt off his shoulders, my lips finding his scar to mouth at it tenderly, "They seem...very domestic. With Lestrade's daughter, who I'm sure has plans to move in soon enough."
My lower lip pouts more, full and glistening in the fire light, "Fuck me till I can't remember the horror that was a Christmas family get together?"
“I know you like being told.” I say with raised eyebrow. I watch him pack up the first aid kit.
Sherlock
I let out a low moan when he cups my bollocks. How was it possible that he was so good at this? “Christ, can you just suck me like this for the rest of our lives? I want to stay in your mouth forever.”
Putting down my other test tube I pick up my laptop, striding into the living room and flopping down onto my chair to make some quick notes, "What's edible in the fridge? Don't use anything on the second shelf down."
Pulling back from John's face a little, I blink, then turn to Molly, speaking sternly, "I should inform you that myself and John are in a strictly monogamous relationship." Molly responds with a high pitched squeaking sound.
My look grows even more frantic and distressed, "But John..."
After a few minutes of browsing the newspaper and not finding anything interesting, I go to the kitchen to get myself a glass of water from the tap, dragging my hand across Sherlock’s shoulders as I go by. I go back into the sitting room and sit on the sofa and flip on the telly.
I look at him, giving a satisfied hum. “I’m sure she knew that.”
“No, stop thinking...” I start mouthing at his collarbone. “I also want to know what it feels like... to have you inside of me. You seem to really enjoy it...”
I pull back, twisting my mouth. “I understand what you mean. When Harry married Clara I felt kind of left out like she was leaving our family. That’s what happens to siblings you move on and start your own family but you can still come together as one for special occasions.”
I dose lightly for a while as Sherlock shuffles in the kitchen. The alarm on my watch goes off and I sit up and rub my face. Sherlock is still working in the kitchen, so I stop to ruffle his hair and kissing the top of his head on my way to the bathroom.
My brow creases, staring into mid air a moment, "Of course I remember our shower. I thought you went off to work after it though. Where have you been all day?"
“What kind of effect?” I push the rest of the way into him with a grunt and reach around to wrap my fingers around his half hard cock. “Oh, this one?” I give him a lazy jerk.
Sherlock
Sherlock
They way he was rubbing and the sound of his voice was starting to wake me up a bit. My body was starting to tingle all over.
“Oh. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t get all clinical on me. I want you here with me.” I grab his hands and drag him down onto the bed with me. We lay side by side, facing each other.
I chuckle. “Order some honey but don’t throw it out.” I mumble, sleepily.
“I don’t know either.” I huff out, “Maybe it doesn’t even matter.” I say looking into his eyes.
Rolling my head to one side I make a rather pathetic little gurgling sound, muttering, "It was all the fault of the eyeballs....Mycroft, it was an accident."
I lounge back, enjoying the feel of John on my lap, trying to get him to wrap his arms around my neck, "Are you sure? Mycroft might know people..."
My voice is rather choked, "You only have two fingers in me?"
Relaxing slightly I manage a shy smile, almost a perfect little U shape, "Then...lets try? As long as I can try on you sometime also? I'm curious."
Sweeping my long legs around and off the bed I stand, reaching for one of the hotel's fluffy dressing gowns, "Oh please John, can you really not deduce it?" a hint of playfulness softens my harsh words.
Giving a little hum I nod, murmuring, "Everything so far and I bet you have ideas for more too?"
“No... I just... it would be nice to hear it more often... especially after something like this.” I look up at him quickly. “I’m sorry. I know you’re not comfortable saying it. But you should be. I won’t ever not say it back.”
I tilt my head into his fingers. “Well, it probably won’t look very good on his record that he was arrested for public intoxication. But I’m sure your brother will take care of that.”
Sighing in pleasure, I allow him to slip out of my mouth again, then wriggle more, getting impatient to try what I wanted too. My arms flex then lift his legs higher so his hips are tilted up to reveal what lies between those muscular army cheeks of his.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you going to ride me just like this?” I brush my hands down over his hips and down his thighs, laying back to watch him again.
I give his hip a squeeze and push myself up to kneeling before pulling back and out of him. I collapse back onto my back with a satisfied groan.
“I just like that you enjoy it. And I’ve tasted you... it’s not that different.” I start leaving kisses down his neck.
My look is rather patronizing from the kitchen, "You know it does. Everytime I move I'm reminded of what we’ve done."
“I think you would’ve figured it out by now.” I try not to smile and fail, wincing as it pulls the cut apart a bit.
I freeze and put my hand on his chest. “Take deep breaths.” I remind him.
Sherlock
“Are you ready? Do you want me inside you?” I pant out.
"Why of course?" I open one eye, regarding him before quickly closing it again, "I'm unsure if I could tell if you actually enjoyed it or not." I go on quickly before he can say anything, "I'm aware physically you did, yes, but your mental state during and now after is a mystery"
Sherlock
I scrunch up my nose, snapping, "I've just had sex with my partner here and now we're returning to our hotel for a relaxing bath." The cabbie rolls her eyes, "God, no need to take up stories lads. Was just asking."
I twisted my mouth. “Sorry... I should have asked if you wanted me to pull out.” I look away, a little embarrassed as I grabbed one of the spare pillow cases from the floor. I start to wipe up the mess we had made underneath him.
“Yes, only two. Is it too much? I can stop, if you want?”
“You can have up to four. You know I won’t allow them to give you narcotics.” I open the bottle and pour three into my hand. “Take three, it will help you rest.”
Sherlock
“I don’t know...do I? I think I know what you like... so far.”
Sighing I shuffle around the bed, lifting my legs and sliding them under the sheets once more before folding my arms and pouting. "All they'll do is watch me. It's just for the sake of paperwork. You could watch me at home."
My body explodes into sensations, verging on painfully arousing. My pelvis and spine jangle with electricity shooting up and down them making me arch my body and grind down into the feeling, rotating my hips in sheer luxury.
I step the rest of the way towards him and take the shirt from his fingers. “Fine. You’re my freak then.” I reach up to his cheek, to make him look at me.
There's a look of panic on my face, stepping towards him, "I'll come with you."
Smirking a little I disentangle us, sitting up as the maid starts to put together a breakfast plate of bacon, sausages, eggs, toast and beans, "This is the sort of service Mycroft is paying for."
“Okay... if you say so. I think you just like the attention.” I grab him around the waist and pull him close to me.
“Anything.”
I shuffle closer to him, and grab him under his thighs, hoisting him into my lap. I hold the base of my cock and his hip in the other hand. I press the head of my cock against his hole. I could feel how open he still was.
“Fuck, you are so beautiful.” I run my hand up to his chest and back as he writhes on top of me.
I sit up. “I’m TRYING to help you.” I say a little loudly. “If we just talk about it...”
I grab the lube from where he had left it on the blankets. I poured some into my hand and began to slick up my cock. I let out a little sigh at the contact, I hadn’t even thought about how hard I already was from watching him.
Sherlock
I watch out the window as the buildings pass by. What a Christmas this had turned out to be. This year had been different from all the others. We’ve been so happy... why all of a sudden did I feel like shit?
I allow my head to fall back onto the sofa, smiling in relief now, before sitting upright, "We need rings. Wait, do men get rings before the wedding? Or just afterwards? Do I call you my fiancé now? I've never even called you my boyfriend."
"No!" My rejection is firm, wriggling in closer, "I want you."
Wriggling so I'm straddling his waist I sit up more and then reach around myself, grunting as I push two lubed fingers straight into myself without wasting time, "I'm going to do this. You can just sit back and watch while I'm brilliant. As always."
“Sherlock, she’s infatuated with you. You can’t keep manipulating her like you do.” I button my trousers and cross my arms over my chest.
I hum at that and start mouthing at his throat, as my jumper is tossed onto the kitchen table. We make it the rest of the way down the hall to the bedroom, where I shut the door behind us.
I decide to start with something basic, placing my lips onto his hole and then kissing it, just as I would his mouth, tenderly and gently. His musk fills my senses, so much stronger here.
Sherlock
I gasp, lifting the box and turning it this way and that before lowering it, staring at John is shock, "Is this a Halictus eurygnathus?"
I've managed to get quite a blaze going, standing and slipping my coat off to hang besides John's, feeling a glow inside at having just us two back at Baker street, how things were meant to be. I decide to voice how I feel for once, "I enjoyed my brother's party but it all became too much towards the end. Too many people, too noisy....I only felt close to you."
I wake half way through the night, freezing cold where someone has stolen all the blankets and wrapped himself up into a doctor burrito next to me. I'm about to tug them back when I wince, a deep and throbbing discomfort making itself known from my usually placid rear. Shuffling, I try and slip off the bed.
“John? I thought that was you.” I turn to see Mike Stamford.
I sigh deeply, still running my hand up and down his side. I start pressing kisses into his shoulder blade. “You’re not sleeping are you?” I say with a smile.
My body sags in slight relief, burying my face into the crook of his neck once more and holding him tight, "That's. Fine. It's all fine. Have you ever performed anal penetration with women?"
I roll my eyes and kneel down to slip on his socks and shoes, tying them up for him. “You look ridiculous, you know that?”
“I know... but it’s not the same... as hearing the real words.” I kiss him softly when his lips pass mine.
Sherlock
My head turns just a little, sweaty and rather flushed, a vacant little smile on my lips though and glazed eyes, meeting his kiss fondly with my own.
“Oh, I don’t know. I didn’t stop by the flat. Maybe we could go visit tomorrow. See how bad it really is.”
I open the door and pull Sherlock into the car after me.
Lifting my head slightly my look turns disapproving, "I've been researching dirty talk to use for this occasion. You're ruining it."
“Um... once. It didn’t go so well. But after... um doing some reading I think I know what we did wrong.” I start trailing kisses down his chest again and moved over and put my mouth on his nipple, licking it with my tongue flat.
Nodding, I whisper back, "Fuck me?"
“You’re welcome.” I finish opening my envelope and pull out its contents.
I lean in to kiss him again. I hum into his mouth. “I love you. So much.” I bury my face into his neck again.
When he doesn’t answer me... again. I close the fridge and walk over behind where he is sitting at the table. I wrap my arms around his chest pulling him back against me. I nuzzle his neck. “Sherlock...”
“What? What?!” I barely get sat up before he darts off the couch. I throw the union jack pillow behind my head and lay back down, toeing off my shoes.
“God, I want you.” I pull off my pants and kneel between his legs. I find the lube in the blankets and pour a generous amount into my hand. I work my hand over myself, slicking up my cock.
My fingers swirl around the slight bump I can feel when I press hard enough, massaging it as I watch John, sinking my lips up and down while sucking and slurping away the precum from his slit, tongue dancing and pressing on his shaft and head, before adding a twist to my whole head, corkscrewing my mouth up and down him.
I frown. “Oh... you’re saying you haven’t felt emotionally connected with me... during sex... ever?”
“I thought you were going to give me a massage?” I make a small pouty face.
“Yes, I’ll go look in on him. He’s still on the vent until morning though.” I brush the hair near the back of his head, looking at his stitches. “How’s the pain from your sutures?”
I snort. “No you won’t.” I grip his forearm. “Stay here.” I say with gritted teeth.
Sherlock
Keeps his gaze I fold my arms over my chest, "You're supposed to stay with me and wake me every two hours. I know medicine John"
I chuckle. “Would you like some help? Or is this part of the experience?”
"Mmmmm..." I reply, my hand travelling to start stroking myself, "It doesn't hurt now. Touch my prostrate again?"
I'm still caught up in my experiment, now fiddling with a cooler box from the morgue marked 'human body parts: hazard' in bold red letters.
Sherlock
My body relaxes a little at his words, whispering, "Promise? Promise you won't allow Mummy to hire 50 swans or doves? Or Mycroft to make a speech about how he used to change my nappy or drag me out of drug dens?"
Around 30 minutes later I answer the door, receiving the trolley of food and a basket with all the items I requested. Turning I observe the loudly snoring blogger, sprawled across the bed under the blankets.
Hailing a cab takes no time at all, glancing around as I do, "So. Why was Gavin so sulky? First time on the other side of the bars?" I open the door for John, rather considerate if I do say so myself.
I roll my eyes. “Thanks. It doesn’t help that the person giving the massage... was a man.” I twist my mouth again.
“Yes... I think... the breeder said it was very rare. They thought it was extinct for a while. He assured me that it died of natural causes. He said it’s only been recorded in seven different locations in Sussex.” I give him a soft smile.
I raise my hands up in surrender and lay back looking at the ceiling. He pulls my pants down bit by bit only for them to be pushed back up slightly by my hardening erection. He nips more forcefully, catching my skin in the process. “Ow! Watch your teeth!”
“Sherlock...” I warn. I look at Molly who has turned bright pink. “Though I do know what doctor he’s talking about.” I raise an eyebrow and give her a little smile.
"Stay here." I bark as we reach the flat before leaping out, paying the cabbie from my own pocket before striding around to open John's side, beckoning with my other hand as it's offered, palm up to him.
Munching on my toast I nod in satisfaction, "Your bottom is not as plush and round as mine but it provides an excellent place to rest my head. It also is a perfect view. Square and muscular."
Looking at the towel I roll my eyes, "They dry naturally. I keep having this conversation with John."
“I do... yeah..” My hips rock gently pushing into his finger.
My voice drops to a low little sulky tone, "Get me samples and I'll put on a gown?"
Our fingers sliding together perfectly, his hand fitting inside mine as if it were meant to be nowhere else but there. "Maybe if..we designed the upper bedroom as a specialist room for any experiments?"
“I thought we were going to go annoy the construction workers at the flat?”
Wriggling my plump rear I nod, "Comfortable. But a little scary. Do I look...normal from that angle?"
I swipe my chip back and forth in the sauce for a few moments until it's more sauce than chip, before glancing up with a slightly vulnerable look, "Yes, It is that hard to believe. I don't think anyone has just missed me before."
Sherlock
I hate to admit it but the bed is very comfortable with soft cotton and linen sheets, it's smell calming and soothing, "I won't fall asleep."
Sherlock
I go to the other side of the bed and pull up a chair. I slip my hand into Sherlock’s and squeeze a bit.
I give him another small kiss before moving back between his legs. I find the lube bottle and squeeze out just a little bit more onto my fingers. I put my free hand on his thigh. “Are you ready?”
Chuckling I lean to try and pull John onto me, lifting a brow, "I don't see this method working on my brother thought." pausing, a shudder runs through my body, "I may need to delete that thought right away."
My eyes flutter, looking around in confusion. Then I see John following and reach out a hand in desperation, "Jawn."
“You’re right she’s not stupid. She’s blinded by your posh curls and your bloody tight trousers.”
I grunt again. “It does but in a good way.”
I'm shivering almost too much to move, my pale skin covered in goose pimples and my teeth chattering, attempting to pull back the blankets but fumbling them with numb fingers.
Sherlock
Sherlock
I'm cooperating with the nurse nicely, doing exactly as she says and not complaining, managing a tiny smile to John as I do so.
At that I give a little huff of discontent, raising my head up to glare around at him, "Why did you stop?"
I nod quickly. “Ok.” I roll us over so I’m on top now. I kiss him hard before starting on his shirt buttons, kissing his chest after undoing each one.
My face goes pale and I suddenly feel as though I might pass out. “I... I...” I take a deep breath and then I look straight at him. “Yes... yeah, I do.”
My face contorts into horror, "Sentimental? Never. Just practical. That's all."
My arms wrap tight, pulling him in close. I feel calm, floating. This must be what normal people feel like. "Tell me your thoughts?"
Molly sits on the chair opposite, twisting her hands back and forth and giving us a pathetic little smile, waiting I'm about to open my mouth to snap something when I stop, a little voice which sounds suspiciously like John in the back of my head telling me it's a bit not good, snapping my mouth shut again with a huff.
I climb into the cab and slid across the seat to the opposite window. “I dunno. Maybe he was worried about how your brother would react...” I lean my head on the cool glass of the window as the cab pulled away, my head was still pounding.
My eyes roll, huffing, "I was going to refer to your testicles as your 'Santa sacks' and your penis as my Christmas stocking."
I look at him a little blankly. “I don’t know. Usually the person that gets asks gets the ring... but... I don’t know.. in our case..”
Sherlock
Sherlock
Sherlock
Sherlock
My lips slide to his ear to plant a kiss, "Do you fear that your love outweights my own?"
My face falls, huffing grumpily, "I went to see Lestrade. I spoke with him. He's...fine. It's all fine"
I give his hair an experimental little tug, "Was that the end of your dream?"
I scooch over to him, laying my head on his chest. “Mmm, Hmm.”
Sherlock
A paramedic comes over. “The second ambulance is here. We were waiting for it to take Mr. Holmes to the hospital. Are you a relative?”
Sherlock
“He will, the ventilator was just a precaution. Because they weren’t sure what chemicals you were using.” I brush his cheek with my free hand.
The Scene prior to this can be found in Chapter 2 of the main RP here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041538
I’m just finishing up with a patient, when I hear a commotion out in the waiting room. “...need to see him right now... I LOVE HIM!” I hear a slurred voice that sounded strangely like Sherlock. Oh no.. I head towards the front desk, where I run into the receptionist. “What’s going on?” I ask her. “It’s Sherlock. He’s acting strange. Like he’s drunk.” She replies. My face falls and I head to out into the waiting room to see Sherlock spinning in circles, waving his phone and one of the waiting room magazines.
Worming my way down into the blankets I poke my freezing cold feet between his legs, my new favourite place for them to be, "It seems we can both tell when the other is lying John."
Sherlock
Sherlock
I grab the blankets and start yanking them down underneath him.
The next scene takes place in Chapter 4 of 221 Boom here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30042255
I remain bright red, not daring to look down at the mess I've made, my voice dropping to a scared, almost childish note, "Are you upset?"
“That was different. He was a horrible cabbie remember?”
“Mmm. I figured as much. Why else would you call it a Palace if it didn’t have big rooms and endless hallways?” I say, my free hand drifting lazily up and down his thigh and knee.
Sherlock
I give a small nod, then turn to Molly, my tone very former, "I apologize for not informing you that John would be coming as well. I didn't believe this would be...that kind of dinner."
"Please...." my head is thrown back, spreading my thighs once more and giving a small thrust with them, asking John to return between them silently.
I groan at his words and my body relaxes even more around him. “Jesus... you can’t keep your mouth off me, can you?” I say breathily.
Glancing up I grumble a little to cover my clumsiness, "This is harder than it looks in porn John. You're also larger than others I've seen this performed on."
Sherlock
Trying to conceal the slight sting of rejection I nod, lifting my chin, "I didn't see a need to ring around every single one of the people who know me or know of me to tell them the change."
I sit up next to Sherlock. “Does she have to stay and do that?” I whisper out of the side of my mouth.
Grunting, my stomach tightens slightly, reaching down to grab the base of my cock and pinching it to hold off my rather too quickly rising climax, "Slow...that's good."
I smile and chuckle a bit. “What ever you say. I’ll let you rub me down anytime you think is necessary.”
My tongue flicks out to roll around the shell of his ear, purring, "Lestrade would be wondering where we went...”
Oh god. This couldn’t wait any longer. “Um... Molly. Maybe could we go into the living room for a minute. We... umm... need to talk to you about something...” I attempt to get Sherlock’s attention by shaking my head and giving him a wide eyed look.
Sherlock
Molly's eyes are fixed to my neck as I begin to move around the lab, reaching to slide off my coat to loop it over the back of a chair. Even more of the marks are revealed, growing larger towards the curve of my collar bone as it flashes from the neck of my black shirt.
Dropping my forehead to my arms I swallow, "This is most undignified."
Nodding I breath in and out, the sedative starting to take effect as my head flops back on the pillow, my eyes fluttering closed as I go limp.
Sherlock
My hips grind onto his, showing him I'm well prepared already before catching his hand in mind, kissing his fingertips gently, "We have time to get there, if we hurry."
Nodding I revel in the sensations for a few moments, thrusting a little with my hips before my hand sneaks out towards his bedside drawers, opening the top one.
“I’ll take you How ever you want me, love. Just tell when you are ready.” I say stroking up and down his thighs.
My eyes widen playfully even as I work, chosing three strips to use as the cut is small but his lip mobile enough to strain it, "My fault? I would like to know your reasoning behind that."
“Right,” John said after a long pause, his voice sounding slightly odd. “Right. Yeah. I’m just going to… um… go get the uh…”
John blew out his breath, hoping his deep frustration would be apparent.
Suddenly a massive figure crashed out of the surf, letting out a bloodcurdling cry as it arched back into the water.
“Sherlock, are you even paying attention?” John threw up his arms in exasperation. “If you don’t take off your boots I’m going to have to do it for you, and then I’m going to bed, I’m exhausted.” Sherlock was jolted back to the present by the strange thought of John untying the laces of his boots. The thought was like an electric shock. Interesting. He filed it away to examine later. But now it was time to escape.
“Sherlock was trying to catch a dragon,” he told the chief; as Sherlock had said, it didn’t matter if their plan was revealed as long as no one thought it worked.
Bitterly, he told Sherlock all about his meeting with Mycroft the night before, and how he was supposed to rebuild his father’s house. Sherlock listened with a growing rage - how could his brother be so insensitive, so cruel? John didn’t deserve any of this. He wasn’t the one who should be punished for Sherlock’s deviance. Then again, maybe that’s exactly what this was - Sherlock’s own punishment, with Mycroft keeping John occupied with something other than him.
“But I haven’t mentioned a figure.”
“Go to sleep, Sherlock, you look like you’re going to pass out on the spot,” John murmured, putting his hands on his shoulders to guide him back onto the bed. Without planning to, without knowing why, Sherlock reached out and touched his arms so that they were standing as though poised to dance. Time seemed to freeze - Sherlock was sure he stopped breathing, and his heart missed a beat - and then he was sitting on the bed again, and John was stepping away, whispering a promise to sneak back to visit him the next night when the rest of the village had gone to sleep, before he disappeared into the dark hallway, his soft, careful footsteps fading as he descended the stairs. Sherlock felt like he couldn’t move. He was trembling and his skin prickled like the air before a lightning strike, a feeling he recalled quite clearly from the time he’d been standing a mere twenty feet away from a redwood that was struck during a storm. He felt alternately hot and cold as he touched his fingertips to his own arms, wondering how it had felt to John when he touched him in just the same spot. His shoulders still tingled as though they’d been burned by John’s palms.
“Sherlock,” he said wonderingly, turning it over in his hands. “Where did you… how did you…” On one side was a detailed carving of a hollow redwood tree - their tree - and on the other he’d etched Toothless, anatomically correct (down to the missing tail flap) and gazing up with sharp, catlike eyes. Entwined in the tree roots was an embellished letter J; between the night fury’s feet scrolled an elaborate S, to remind John it was from him. He was very good at drawing; he’d been filling notebook after notebook with his sketches since before he could write, and carving designs on wood for the sheath turned out to be much the same as drawing with ink or charcoal.
crew. But Crescent Bay wasn’t like Berk, or the Verland Isles, or anywhere else they’d visited on their long voyage. The people there embraced love in all its forms, and John remembered seeing Harry truly happy for the first time in his life, surrounded by a kind of acceptance that she’d never found on Berk. And he was glad she’d stayed, but he missed her terribly; ever since that day he’d felt just a little untethered, lost. And if he looked deep inside himself – which he tried to do as rarely as possible – he suspected that there was a part of him that had longed to stay as well, to step out from under the burdens he bore, to turn away from the long dreaded moment of setting foot on Berk again, the moment of discovery when he saw how those long nine years had changed, or more likely not changed, his parents.
“Look after him for me, will you?” He asked it so quietly that John almost thought he’d imagined it, but he nodded in response, and Mycroft turned and walked away, seeming newly determined to face whatever was next on his list.
As distracted as he was by the task that lay ahead of him, he couldn’t stop his thoughts from straying back to Sherlock, reliving the chaotic scene on the beach; the terrifying moment when his friend had been swept underwater when the Scauldron crashed into the waves; the feel of his thin frame draped over his shoulder as he carried him to the shore; his fear when Sherlock dashed forward to free the entangled night fury, and his terror when the dragon had pinned him to the ground. He was still numb with shock at all the ways they could have died that night, but he admitted to himself that there was more to his feelings – admiration for Sherlock’s cleverness in realizing that the stinkbomb, which must have been made with the same flammable substance breathed out by the Hideous Zippleback, would ignite inside the Scauldron’s mouth when it touched the night fury’s blue flame. And he felt admiration too for whatever foolish bravery and compassion had driven him to free the wounded creature; for all that Sherlock had told him that John was the one with the strong moral compass, he wasn’t the one who had taken action to save the helpless dragon. Reliving the scene again and again, he remembered his sheer relief as he had held his friend close, and the giddy laughter that followed. Suddenly he wanted nothing more than for Sherlock to be keeping pace at his side; he wanted to confide in him, let out his anger over having to face his father; he wanted Sherlock to make some characteristically witty remark that would make him laugh and relax, wanted to exchange amused but knowing looks…
“Oh, Sherlock, what a lovely surprise!” she exclaimed when he slipped in the back door as he usually did, but he hardly heard her.
Time had become a fearsome, unreliable companion to John; it dragged on and on during the daylight hours as he cleared away the charred remains of his former home, dug a new foundation, chiseled stone and wheeled it up from the seaside quarry to the hillside where the new house would be built. There was wood to cut and mortar to mix, there were plans to be drawn and measurements to be made. On top of his construction duties, he’d been tasked with looking after his father, which meant cooking three meals a day, tidying his temporary tent, and making sure he didn’t wander too far on his own. John hadn’t spoken a word to him since the night of the fire, except once to usher him into a neighbor’s stone house when the dragons attacked again. Luckily there were no dragonfires and few wounds that night; the dragons had left almost as quickly as they’d come, several sheep clutched in their talons. The next day it was back to the normal drudgery of work.
“I, um, I’ve been working, you know, on things, and I... I have something for you,” Sherlock stammered, answering his question in a roundabout way. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the sheathed knife and handed it to John, who breathed in sharply when he saw what it was.
“I’ve been building something new, like a crossbow but with a net attached. It’s not finished; I still need to weave the net. I’ve been testing the properties of dragonfire to see what material would be best. Any fiber might ignite too easily, or snap under the strain of containing such a powerful animal. But metal would be too heavy, and I don’t want to injure the dragon, just capture it. I need to study one, John,” and now he was talking fast, a strange feeling building up inside him as he remembered what it felt like to talk to another person instead of himself. “We know practically nothing about them. We don’t know where they come from, we don’t know why they come; but the answers have to be there somewhere if you know what you’re looking for. I’ve been observing the other animals on the island for years now, and there are patterns, patterns of behavior that make sense once you understand their motives, they’re like humans but they don’t follow the same stupid rules we make up for ourselves; and if the other animals are that predictable, then dragons must be too, but I can never get close enough, Mycroft won’t let me – so I have to catch one.” He stopped, breathing hard, surprised at how his own passion sounded when it was painted into his words.
“Yes,” he said, his voice soft and warm, somewhere close to his ear.
“I deleted you,” he blurted out.
John stared at him, openmouthed.
“Sorry, how did you…?”
“Sherlock, whatever it is, you can tell me.”
One moment the ship was too far to make out individual faces; the next it was bearing down on them, sliding up next to the dock, and voices from above were shouting down; ropes tossed and secured; the villagers, in spite of their fears, cheered and cried out with wonder as they spotted familiar faces among the crew. And still Mycroft and Sherlock stood alone, searching for the only two people who mattered, and suddenly Sherlock knew, knew that if they were there he would have seen them already, they would never stay hidden from him, they would be there at the helm just as the day they’d left, and all feeling was dragged out of him like a receding tide; and before Mycroft could sense his intent, he was running away from it all, slipping through the crowd, taking advantage of his slender frame as he ducked around waving elbows and shifting bodies.
“No, it can’t make it through the water safely. It’s weak from its wound - another shock could kill it, and it knows it.” Sherlock felt another pang of guilt. “I’m going to go back in the morning to try to help it. I don’t think it’ll hurt me. I think it knows I’m trying to fix this.”
, since she was still in good enough condition. I worked for a local healer and even managed to save a little money, but I gave it all to Harry before we left; it was the least I could do. If I’d stayed I would have been able to go to her wedding. But I couldn’t stay, even though I was happy there. I felt like it was my duty to stay with the crew and come back to Berk, you know? To my parents. I still felt like I owed them. Besides, Harry was happy with Clara, and I had no one. It would have been lonely, living in a city surrounded by happy people. I don’t know.”
“Yes, that. So. See you at home later?”
“I went through your bag,” his friend replied with a smug grin. “And your pockets. That’s where I found this.” Sherlock reached for something lying in the moss and picked up the slate gray dragon scale he’d found in the village the day before. John was too impressed with his deduction to be fully affronted by the fact that he’d gone through his pockets while he was asleep. “Dragon scales litter the ground after every attack; small children sometimes fancy them, collecting them like magpies coveting shiny things, and Philip uses some of the larger ones for building his armor, but little ones like this are too small to be of use; so, you must have picked it up because of sentiment. It only made sense that you’d be worried about dragon training after seeing evidence of their presence in your former home. Now, how did I know you’d been to every city along the Mainland except for the Night City? Here you have a pouch of different coins, not enough to buy anything, so clearly kept as souvenirs; you have at least one with the unique stamp of each trading town along the coast except for the blackened iron coins of the Night City – therefore, you never stopped there on your voyage. And what about your choice of weaponry? It’s clear that you’re a successful archer, or you wouldn’t have won the compass, which has an engraving of a bow and arrow on the back. Your left hand is calloused in all the places where you’d hold a knife, which means you’re accustomed to practicing with it often, and in spite of the age of the blade in your hand, you’ve taken decent care of it and it hasn’t worn out unevenly, which means your target practice is fairly accurate. And I know you must be an excellent shot, or else Captain Lestrade wouldn’t have let you hold a gun during a battle in the first place.”
