“Meg, I am so grateful,” Castiel says, turning to face her fully. “You have been phenomenal. All of you have.”
This time, it took Castiel longer to catch up with him. Dean listened to him scavenge through the house, until he made it to the bedroom he was in. For a moment, it looked like his luck had run out, but then Castiel decided to look to the en suite first. Dean slid from under the bed, tiptoeing towards the closet. As soon as he stepped over the threshold, he was running again.
“It was a minor thing. I’m fine now.”
“Thank you, Kate.”
While Castiel thinks about whether to answer these messages, even knowing the situation is over now, he sees James start to type.
“Are you in a hurry?”
“We can give you a lift.”
Dean exhales sharply. “Is that a yes?”
“Have you seen anyone else?”
“You’re not ruining this, you damn fool.”
He sighs and glances at a reflection of himself in the window. It’s enough to know he looks  way more extravagant than he ever has before. He doesn’t need to see every detail of it — it’ll only make him more nervous about the upcoming performance.
At this point, they’ve been best friends for four years. They’ve shared their deepest secrets, guilty pleasures, and recipes – and Dean has even accompanied Castiel to the hospital. His mother never made it out of her coma and Dean was the only person Castiel trusted enough to drive with.
Castiel is surprised to find out he's not tired the next day. He expected to need at least five more days of recovery again, but as it turns out he's feeling brisk the morning after. It's far from a perfect situation, and there are probably relapses still to come, but with the heartbeat so prevalent on his finger he feels content. He brews coffee and hops up on the bar table again. It's always been a constant – and now it’s a place for him to relax, to think, and to feel just a bit like past Castiel. The one without all the drama, the one without his heart broken to smithereens, the one who still had bright eyes and quirks and jokes that nobody understood but most wanted to. He doesn't mean to dwell in the past again, but somehow his thoughts return to James.
Castiel makes it all the way through his living room, coat on and all, before he unwraps the boat.
Castiel shakes his head. “Don’t care if it does. I want you to do that.”
They were stopped by Charlie, who ran up to them out of nowhere.
“Right,” Castiel says.
since then. Animals, of course; lots of animals in need of shelter. Dean promised him cats, eventually, but made him promise he’d get to meet some felines first to see exactly how severe his allergies are. Maybe dogs, too – Sam’s already an expert on any rescue dog related matters. And a treehouse. And eventually, maybe, kids to accommodate said treehouse. It wouldn’t be on the table in a long time, but so far, they’re kind of open to the possibility.
“It does, doesn’t it? Oh Charlie, I don’t even know where to start, I’m-”
After a while, it started to get too hot. It was not the game per se – it wasn't like they were teenagers and playing a kissy version of this. Instead, they had the version of truths and dares to go with it and talked for way too long with each question. There just wasn't much ventilation in the small cottage, and having a lot of people and a lot of fires inside it was not helping. So, after Dean decided he'd been sitting there long enough, he excused himself through the back door.
Everyone’s instantly on board with the idea of a 4th of July Winchester, Inc., party. Sam promises Castiel to force an opening for next Tuesday, since finding an open slot in any day is nearly impossible for the Winchesters. Castiel asks both Meg and Balthazar to join him for the meeting, and briefs them of the conversation at the club. While Balthazar reprimands him for not telling his friends about there being a Winchester talent scout attack, Meg says she’s never doubted Castiel’s charisma. They’re happy to see where this road leads, even though they’d never get further than the first meeting.
In a sense, it was lovely that Dean had been gifted the ability to see colors. He had always been interested in fine arts; ever since he was a toddler, he'd calmed down observing Renaissance pieces at the Spencer Museum of Art over at Lawrence, Kansas. It'd been easy to end any tantrum by driving the short route from their hometown to the museum, it'd almost felt like cheating. Dean had shown interest towards pursuing a career in arts as well, and Mary had never been more proud.
And he definitely can’t talk to Dean about it. He’s innocent in all of this. He wasn’t asking for any of this sentimental nonsense, and that’s exactly what he’d get if Castiel was to talk to him.
Dean pulls back, but not before enveloping him in one more warm and intense suck. Castiel’s muscles are failing on him and trembling even though he isn’t using a lot of them. Every inch of his skin is screaming in pleasure, and he’s aching to feel Dean on top of him, kissing him, touching him with those beautiful hands of his. He feels a twinge of sadness when Dean lets go of his hand, but quickly recovers when a hand brushes along his stomach and one of his sides. Dean reaches into the side table to grab a condom and lube from the drawer there, his other hand never leaving Castiel’s skin.
“The night we met, I was at the bar to hook up with an angel. You know, for the reputation y’all have about being good in bed, whatever. I thought that was what I needed because I haven’t been able to enjoy sex since I was a teen. I get crushes, sure, but,” Dean rubs his face with his palms to hide the blush of embarrassment, “the second I think about acting on it, I get freaked out because there’s just sweat, and there’s other fluids, and there’s me wishing it was over already. I’m a guy a bit over my thirties and I can’t fucking… Well, fuck. So yeah, like I said, I’m broken.”
“No. Maybe a little. Shut up.”
“I didn't, my friend,” Castiel says and feels a smile tug at the corner of his mouth. How long since he last smiled?
Would he still lie about his name?
“You’d better back off now.”
“Elysian forests,” Castiel replies. “A couple of days away from Europa.”
“Hello,” Castiel says politely, unsure if Charlie remembers him after a couple of years. His fear is pointless — the grin that appears on her face is instant and genuine.
“Castiel, how are you?” she eventually asks.
As if on cue, Gilda and Charlie joined their circle.
Castiel snaps out of his thoughts at Dean’s tone. He sounds like he’s been talking to him for a while now.
“I think this is the one,” he said, lifting the hand, “although I love the other one as well. It's just... It's more of what I'd like for myself, maybe.”
“Can I tell you a story?”
“Shh! Yes, I know. I know that’s just echoes playing in my head. I know you love me. My god, you brought me kittens. I adore you. I adore us. And I’m in love with us, I’m in love with our love. And I’m so in love with you, Dean.”
He’s never been the type to storm out. Some logical part of him thinks this is due to the fact that the floodgate in his mind is opening; after suppressing his emotions for so long, they’re coming back all at once. He needs to learn how to control them at some point, but until then, torrential rain is punishment enough for his foolishness.
”Dean, I mean-”
“It’s not exactly easy for me, either.”
“Hey!”
“I refused to serve a jerk, he got pissed. That’s pretty much all that’s going on,” she says with a lopsided shrug, and sets off to bring Castiel their blend.
“So, I’m sorry for dragging you away from your work like that,” Dean says.
“How are you gonna- uh. Never mind. I know you’ll do a good job.”
”Something like that, yeah.”
Castiel shrugged. Before he could form words, Gabriel was there in all his fireman-reaper glory.
”We got the chemistry, Cas. What can I say?” Dean asks, trying to keep his voice carefree. Castiel knows his best friend well enough to know he's mostly faking it, though – there's no way he wouldn't be nervous about this.
“He’s looking good.”
What a dork this guy was. Dean noticed his smile hadn’t faded yet.
No matter how much Castiel sulks during their walk to the Winchester headquarters, nobody’s going to tell him to back off. Kevin, Balthazar, Meg, Eileen, and Charlie are all chattering enthusiastically, and none of them understands how little he wants to be here. He doesn’t want a party, he doesn’t want to see Dean, and the least of all he wants is to be at a party with Dean.
“It’s been working and you didn’t tell us?” Eileen shouts. “I thought it started working just now!”
”Then don't go there”, Castiel said. As Dean turned to shoot him a look that should have been full of mockery and haughtiness but was more surprise and admiration, a single willow-shaped firework exploded right above them. Instead of flinching, Dean just kind of kept his gaze on his company's eyes. God, was he beautiful. That comparison to a belated Christmas present was closer to the truth than he thought.
“There's still time until that needs to be decided,” Kevin says. “Although, we did a pretty solid set on Halloween.”
James was, in many senses, Castiel's first. He was his first internet acquaintance, his first MMORPG ally, his first friend, and his first love. They had a profound digital bond despite their real world distance, although they never shared personal data or pictures of themselves. Castiel could remember the many nights they spent together on the phone, just chatting over nonsense and falling into comfortable silences in which they might, or might not have, listened to each other breathe until they fell asleep. Castiel was a teenager back then, and his mother always tried to find out what exactly he was doing with a stranger who could've been a fifty-year-old pervert. The fact that they were currently both going through puberty and having their voices change did nothing to prove her wrong.
“It’s okay, you can say it,” Castiel whispers. He tries not to think about what’s to come next — that Dean’s waiting for the other person he has feelings for? That they need to break up anyway? He bites his lip to stop himself from thinking about the worst possible outcome.
The kid crossed their arms and looked at Dean in a defiant stare that probably broke their guardian's will every time. Dean couldn't help but roll his eyes and try again.
“Well, I’m taking the Red Line from here,” Castiel ventures, gesturing towards the station. “You’re welcome to tag along.”
Dean quickly pulls his hand away and buries his face in his palms. He can’t breathe. What the hell- What the hell is going on? Are these memories from before the accident? He still can’t remember what exactly happened to him, so he surely could miss more than just that?
”What?”
She sent a link to a YouTube video about cats.
“I’ll even sweeten the deal.”
was in jeopardy over the words this man chose to say to him… He left his beer because he didn’t trust himself not to drop it, and tried to see if Eileen was around, because she was safe and damn it Castiel could need some safety -- but she was nowhere to be found, and Castiel was getting dizzy already, so he muttered an excuse to Bart and Balthazar and headed outside.
“I… My paths have crossed with new people, and not all of them are welcome.”
“Yeah, it’s mandatory that I know my party planner well. In many ways, this is a very important thing. I kind of fear leaving all the threads to you.”
“I obviously don’t mean anything by this now, and when we’re in an Icelandic geysir and I’m proposing to the most beautiful babe in there, you’re going to pretend you’re surprised. I just don’t want you to die not knowing that I mean to do that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
To keep himself from thinking about James’ message for a minute longer, he decides to head back into the side for the public and speak with Sam. They’ve moved to sit comfortably in a booth, drinking some high-end-looking beer and laughing heartily at something. It’s funny to see how fast they patched their almost-disagreement from earlier. Castiel wishes he forgave so easily, too, and could move fluidly past hurtful things.
When his eyes meet Dean’s from across the room, his moral pendulum decides to defy gravity anyway. Screw being superior to flimsy one-night-stands. Screw pretending to be cool with everything. Screw his stupid love-ish triangle, screw what Dean said at the beach,
A voice in the back of his head says
“That’s great. You can point me in her direction too, if possible, and I can see that she’s truly alright. Maybe offer her this tea.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. Hard to say no to free pie.
Castiel shrugs. “It’s okay.”
“Oh? Sure. I was just… Heading out.”
“Before you proceed, Mr. Winchester: if you think nobody’s going to be judged at work after tonight, you’re living in a utopia. I, for one, am totally judging people here.”
“I think it’s ridiculous,” Balthazar starts, and in a second everyone’s talking at the same time. Castiel immediately realizes it’s impossible to keep up with all of the voices so he only concentrates on Rowena’s. He needs to stay on on the boss’ good side for the time being.
Dr. Redfield looks like he’s chewing on something, which is his tell when he’s considering.
“Hey, Cas.”
Dean seems to calculate for a moment, after which he gets up and pulls Castiel in for a slow, deliberate kiss.
He sighs and decides to return to the TV. It's safer just to see how Jane is dealing with her writer's block.
“Dean,” he squeals, his voice a notch above a high-pitched whisper, “can I please-“
“You’re the winner! That’s right. Novak, I recall?”
Castiel looks at Dean, blinking. “Heaven, obviously.”
“No, that wasn't specified,” Meg says. “We could use old songs, yeah, and just have a couple of practices together.”
He tries to form the words for a while before answering. “Well, of course, it makes me extremely glad to have James back. Not that we’ve ventured beyond any lines of friendship, except for casual flirting… But I’m really glad to have him as a friend. Then, there’s this man who’s basically a stranger to me and it feels like everything about him is inviting me closer. His looks, his gestures, his personality — the little I do know about him…”
”I'd very much rather you didn't”, the man said, looking at Dean but decreasing the squint, ”See, she was with us and decided some New Year's elaborate hide-and-seek game was time better spent than buying dinner.”
“Could you try to talk this out with us?” Gilda asks.
“I had this done when I was a child,” Bartholomew said, his grip firm on Castiel’s bicep. The authoritative tone in his voice was imminent. “Although, we didn’t have high-end technology. I needed to stay in a dark closet until I was ready to come out.”
He’s buried under a plush duvet, and it’s like lying on a cloud. It would be so easy to fall asleep again, but his stomach is growling and he needs to know if that smell can be backed up with actual pancakes.
“Can we,” Castiel mutters, forcing Dean to let go of his lips, “Can we go to your place?”
Castiel looks away for a while. A bee is trying to get close enough to one of his pansies. It looks adorable.
“Hello. How are things coming along up here?” he asks. Balthazar gives him a long once-over, as if he, too, is trying to determine what exactly has changed.
”I guess”, Castiel sighed, making his voice sound a bit strained on purpose, ”I
The next couple of days travel by with not much fuss. The theater group meets for practice on every other day, and both on those days and the ones in between Castiel works in Anna’s restaurant.
“You’ll get there, trust me,” he says, “when I first heard about it, I felt like an overstuffed turkey and wanted to make a run for it.”
Of course, James will eventually need to know the whole truth, but it’s too early to think about that.
“Let’s get out of here,” Dean mutters, and his breath caresses Castiel’s neck, eliciting all-over shivers no matter how much agony he is in right now.
“Dean, please, be normal,” Sam pleads. “Castiel, we need something that’s not conservative, for once. We’re gonna get some nay-saying about this, but we really want to show what a new generation looks like. You’re a charismatic performer, unconventional, and exactly what we need.”
“Yeah, well. You should know about marketing.”
“What are you going to do?” Castiel asks. “This is going to be a hit to the publicity of the company, no matter which way you look at it.”
“Not right now. I’ve got to prepare for a guest tomorrow.”
”Great. Rain was just what I wanted,” he said, almost to himself but also almost to Dean. ”Just superb.”
“It looks exactly what I'd like to upgrade to,” Dean sighs, running his hand along the windowpane wide enough to sit on, “and my heart's absolutely going to break if we're not getting this.”
Could he want to express his interest in Castiel? It feels overwhelming to even think about, but there’s a part of Castiel’s brain that really wants this; he really needs to not feel like he’s not going to choke when he sees Dean, or touches him, or leaves him tiny pieces of a lifeline.
Dean’s suggestion turns out to be trolling the MMORPG environment. They take comfortable seats on Castiel’s bed and log into the server. Since they’ve got nothing to lose with their recently made accounts, they goof around with one of them; they try to join groups and get thrown out, ask simple questions about how the place or the weapons work, and move around with only dodge rolls and slow walking. By the time someone yells at them for standing in the way of a sniper, they’re laughing so hard Castiel’s seeing stars and Dean is rolling on the bed, coughing.
“Next one’s on your balls, if you can’t behave,” she states and offers the Winchesters the best smile she can with her limited happiness capability. “Sorry. We’re professional, I swear.”
The endearment comes so naturally Castiel feels himself tear up.
“I don’t know why you’re feeling like this, but if there’s one thing I’ve learned in my past, it’s that not talking it out doesn’t help. Let me try to understand where this is coming from, alright?”
“It was Halloween when we last did that so yeah, we need to rehearse a little,” Kevin agrees. Castiel feels his hands getting numb. He's not ready to get into rehearsing routines. Eileen glances at him.
he's convincing. “Don't exactly want to chain this beauty down with an ugly plain ring.”
He kisses Dean again, gently licking his way inside his mouth. Their tongues move against each other smoothly, with a certainty that can only come from a combination of trust and desire. Castiel feels Dean’s hand slide under his shirt, and he welcomes the touch — he leans against it, tries to memorize it with his every nerve. When it presses against his skin more firmly, kneading at the muscles of his lower back, he needs to lets Dean’s lips go to turn his head up and let out a quiet, blissful moan. Dean takes shameless advantage of the exposed skin of his neck and licks a wide stripe along it, dragging the tip of his tongue back to his clavicle.
“Do you know why?”
He doesn’t ask. He trusts Sam — he’s not the type of person who’d withhold that kind of information if someone were in danger.
“And still, I’m going to be an ass right now,” Dean mutters. “Can I hold you?”
“I need to go,” he says hoarsely, and before anyone can protest he’s out the door.
Castiel’s wearing a sleeveless jumpsuit made of what seems to be flowing silver glitter.
“That I will be happy to assist with. Send me everything, I’ll make it work. And- And sorry I can’t be there.”
“Uh, I was talking about you, singular. Because you’re the CEO. Or am I mistaken?”
“Yes. Yes, of course. Go on, sorry.”
“You know he’s totally asking you out for a quickie, right?”
“Yeah. Still doesn’t make sense why he didn’t stay.”
“Could it have been a demon?”
Bart did a balancing gesture with both his hands. He didn’t need to say anything more to make Castiel realize just how bad he screwed up this time.
That voice belongs to someone who has never been this afraid in their life.
“You need to trust him. He wouldn’t just dump your ass.”
“I see,” Bart said, sighing longingly, “I never thought you’d be like this.”
He makes it to work around half past three, just in time for random tourist rush hour. The scent of roses is filling the store — in addition to the rose essential oil evidently in the diffuser, there are fresh roses on the counter. They’re tall, beautiful flowers in all colors, standing in a glass vase that’s must have come with the delivery; they don’t own a thing like that.
“I don’t think so, but I’m glad you do.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to insult you, but-”
He's enjoyed running almost as long as he's been alive. Ever since he was a teen he's been running, climbing trees and cliffs, challenging his legs to take him faster, further away, higher. Of course, running after being homebound for months isn't exactly like riding a bike – all his muscles are begging him to stop -- but he pushes on, runs until he's dizzy and feels his heart pounding against his ribs, trying to get away from him. He bends over and supports himself on his knees, groaning loudly in protest. His lungs are killing him and he's shaking, but the heartbeat against his finger has calmed down.
Dean was expecting they’d use remixes of the original music or something. Instead, there’s a grand piano tucked at the end of the stage, and a constantly smiling young woman is playing it live. The compositions could be her own, but they work with the dancing as if they were original missing pieces now rediscovered.
He remembers them lying down in Castiel’s bed and talking through the night.
What if he passed out here? Would he drown?
Dean nods, swallowing. He lowers his gaze to the bubbles in his glass and Castiel instinctively steps closer. They’re inches away now, but for some reason, the lack of personal space feels reassuring.
“Are you having love life trouble as well?”
“Yes,” Dean says quickly and before stopping himself, continues with, “and you. Take a break from work. We need to talk.”
Castiel smiles and realizes that’s pretty much all he’s been doing today. His cheeks are starting to hurt.
”Son of a bitch”, Dean sighed. ”All of this time, and I had no idea of how beautiful you-”
“Is that hard?”
“I’ve got to be honest with you, it’s a bit of both,” he admits then. “I guess you’re right. I shouldn’t try to force it.”
“I wasn’t lured here by it,” Dean admits, “or by the purity, for the matter. I do like the touch, though. It’s ground-level marketing at its best.”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
“Alright, fair enough,” Castiel nods. “Are you comfortable? Do you want to go over some details before I leave?”
“It’s also the laundry room.”
Alfie throws their things through the register as fast as possible – the faster he works, the faster he’ll be done with the arguing couple that’s now reduced to ogling each other with ugly stares. In his line of work, he sees arguing couples at times and the company policy requires to rid of them as swiftly and quietly as possible.
Thinking about Dean's intensity still gave Castiel goosebumps.
Castiel can picture Sam perfectly — a little tipsy, holding his index finger on his ear to hear through the noise. He feels a rush of anxiety running down his spine from the sheer thought of a party. He’s done with those for a while.
Castiel tastes the words in his mouth for a moment before speaking them. “I’ve never been in love.”
A slightly dramatic single tear fell on his phone screen. He hadn't even realized he was crying. With no real effort he wiped the screen on the t-shirt – this was Gabriel's old extra large sleeping shirt, he thought vaguely.
“Nope, sorry. I freelance. Won’t feed your capitalist Fortune 500 parties.”
He hears the dial tone. Once, twice, three, four times. Not the busy signal. The dial tone.
“How close would you want me?”
And Castiel is saying he’s attracted, and his soul is the most beautiful thing ever, and all of it is too much.
“Could you, I don’t know, not be?”
“I need to sleep. I’ve got sleep deprivation that’s been stacking up since the 80’s. Could do that while you work.”
”I might. It's not a big deal though.”
Castiel nods, even though Dean’s decision to use his full name sets his internal alarms off.
But, no. That’s wrong. Dean has always liked him, no matter how he’s acted. He’s the one that’s been trying to tell Castiel that he’s worth more than he believes, and that the important people would stick around if he started to practice some healthy selfishness.
After that, it’s time to exit the safety of the bedroom.
to be in his life – even though it later turned out he’d been giving those business cards to everyone in hopes of some detective action. Everyone who’d joined their lives afterwards had to adjust around their friendship. And although life had taken them apart after college, not even a 23-hour drive between Oregon and Kansas could keep them at bay if there was a need for pulling through and/or coming around.
his pal sitting on a rocking horse, smiling without his front teeth in front of a cheap Western backdrop. Other than that, he had no idea what the guy looked like and he didn't really want to think about this because it raised his affection level for Dean onto a whole new level of creepy.
There it is – the emptiness again. It’s knowing Castiel will never be as close to Dean as he wants to be, and Dean is never going to talk about him as excitedly as he talks about this friend of his.
Dean makes a gesture of zipping his lips.
. All I know is that I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you all week.”
“You look good in my shirt,” he says, eating the rest of the pancake himself. “If I had my way you’d be here every Sunday, in my shirt, just like this.”
“Well, you know what’s best for you.”
There was only a couple hundred yards from the tram stop to Dean's place, but they didn't hurry.
Luckily, a young woman steps in with a stroller and gives Castiel a warm smile, and the appearance of a customer stops his meaningless line of thought. “Hello there,” Castiel says, “how may I be of service?”
“So, you seem to be fine with the boat?” he eventually says. Dean narrows his eyes a notch, as if he’s thinking hard, then nods.
“Okay,” he says when Dean pulls back. “Change of plans. I want a date with you, but I want it to take place at my house, because I’m not going to stop kissing you for the next couple of weeks. That… That fine with you?”
“Where’s this coming from, Bartholomew? Have I recently upset you somehow?”
“Why? Have I done something to make you sad? Did you come see me at the hospital when I was in a coma? Did you come when I was awake but too distracted by my coma brain to realize anything?”
Dean was a student at the collaborating college and, albeit the couple year age difference between them, this was it; next spring they would graduate and move on from this town. Castiel had made plans to join his brother in moving to San Francisco, possibly finding something number-related to work with and settling down to a mediocre life without ever telling Dean how much he
But the most breathtaking of all is the couple that’s last on the delivery round. It seems like Gabriel has chosen them specially for this place; there’s a little work to be done here and there each day, such as hanging the clothes out to dry and doing the dishes, and that’s why Castiel spends extra time with these customers. It isn’t particularly included in Castiel or Gabriel’s line of work to do chores, but Gabriel had specifically asked him to help out around the house a little, so he isn’t going to argue. Besides, the stories the couple shared are some of the greatest love stories he’d ever heard.
“This is pretty much all of my personal stuff. Okay, I’m starting off a bit clingy, but let me explain. I hate the fucking apartment, you know I do. The only good memories from there are the ones I spent with you. If you want it for that neat sitting place in the kitchen, we can figure it out, but I thought I’d sell the shit. I do nothing with it. Same goes…”
He nodded numbly and shook himself free from Bart’s grip. More ornaments needed to go up.
Anna. Dean felt a slight buzz in his chest. He'd thought his encounters with his New York acquaintances were over, but apparently he could think again.
“What? What are bath bombs?”
“You can’t, so shut up.”
He offers one big hand for Castiel to shake and then turns towards the teas, placing his hands on his hips.
Castiel hears himself whimper, and he bites his tongue to keep quiet.
“What do you mean?”
It’s the wings.
Castiel lifts his hand to run his fingertips over the smooth surface of the band.
Castiel. “I’m sorry I came on too strong and asked you questions without believing the answers you gave me.”
“Same goes for the company. Sam and I are  planning for the future, and the future for us is outside that firm. He’s really enthusiastic about being  a full time yoga instructor, and I… Well, all I know is that I want to cut that tie to my dad. So after our names are cleared, we’re selling. I don’t have to work for that shithole anymore.”
Dean’s voice is hoarse. Castiel has no idea what it means.
”You’re hopeless, kiddo,” Gabriel says, raising his eyebrows. He yanks his card off from the chain it’s been dangling on with a set of keys and throws it Alfie’s way. ”My shift’s over in five. I’ll expect it back on my chain by then.”
“Do tell,” Castiel says, and proceeds to pack up the new blend.
Castiel tries his best to give Charlie a grateful smile. “Thank you.”
“I've been in love with you for a while now, to be honest,” Dean continues, “okay, when you threw up on me, that's when I fell out of love a little, but the next day you made pie. You've got to understand how much pie means to me.”
“We booked this gig in May! You’ve got nobody to blame but yourself.”
Sure, he could ask for an explanation, but he can already see himself deflecting the conversation. He would see James blaming him for things that weren’t his fault, and him blaming himself for not generally being better. The overwhelming feeling of not being good enough is never going to let him go, no matter how many gigs he’s played or how many times he tries to act like Jane.
Castiel sighed and watched them pass a lone biker. This was one of the rare situations where he felt no obligation to keep his attention on the driver. He trusted Dean, that much hadn’t changed, even though time had stretched between them leaving both scars and space for growth.
Charlie finds them, and she places her hands on her mouth to either keep it quiet or to hide her being overwhelmed by – by what?
“I want to fuck you,” he whispers.
Because that’s what angels can see, that’s the special skill they possess – seeing through people’s façade and into their soul. They can dig out the thing you want the most. This, of course, makes them incomparable as a sex partner, and that’s rather obviously the reason Dean and Benny are here tonight. Benny already has some experience in sleeping with an angel, and apparently it’s even better than he could imagine – in addition to knowing which buttons to press, angels enjoy giving pleasure so immensely it really is quite earth-shattering.
Castiel hums and takes a sip from his drink before continuing. “How did you manage it? Pretending you felt something you didn’t?”
“That much sanity you had left, at least,” Balthazar mutters. Gilda shoots him a look.
, James said. Does that equal even close to what Castiel feels?
“Hello and welcome,” a deep voice says next to him soon enough, “what can I do for you?”
She looks at him with intense focus. Castiel is thankful someone bothers to concentrate on him.
. This made Castiel actually jump – never had he ever heard Dean's voice and this was an absolute disaster and it would only make everything worse and he thought he had until tomorrow to prepare for this -
Sleep makes Castiel feel like a completely new person – although it does take him all evening and night. He wakes up just in time to get walking for his Friday classes. His bike is hopefully still parked where he left it yesterday, and he can take it back in the afternoon.
“You are-” Dean’s words are broken now, and his back is arching against Castiel’s hands. It’s a sight Castiel would love to remember perfectly, forever — he wants to remember every inch of Dean’s skin, and his breathing, and those beautiful, hot moans and desperate whimpers, and how each time that their eyes meet, Dean seems amazed by how good he feels.
Sam lets him think in silence, which, honestly, is a blessing. However little he wanted to start exploring the outside world again, it’s all exploded in his face; work, the Winchesters, James, Charlie, and his anxiety. He’s feebly trying to hold on to some control over things that happen around him, but in reality it’s never been his to control. Even the times he let go of himself with Dean turned out to be some of the sweetest mistakes he ever made. So what’s truly holding him back?
“Sitting on our asses, I guess?”
Sam nods sagely, and crosses his legs under him. He starts twisting his back sideways, maybe to seem nonchalant.
A sense of relief surges through Castiel’s veins and it’s almost as if they’re not in fire anymore. During the night, Dean sings to him through the line and for a second, Castiel lets himself imagine them together under the blanket in the dark room he now resides alone. He falls asleep before the call ends.
“I can’t even remember. It’s been a while.”
“I don’t think so. I think I want to talk to you, but I think it’s better if you don’t see my face. I might get nervous.”
In two weeks, all of their stuff is in the apartment. The attic becomes a geek cave, and since they only need one bedroom, the other one becomes an office. For Christmas, Castiel buys Dean slippers and a bathrobe that he refuses to take off for the next week and a half.
Dean thought.
“Of course it isn’t easy for you. Feelings get confused so easily, and not knowing what you feel is even worse.”
Before Dean speaks, he wraps his fingers delicately around the base of Castiel’s erection. When did that happen? Has he been hard all the time? His head is swimming, and it’s too pleasant for him to actually mind.
He’s gone soft. He’s slipping. He needs to put the barriers back up, and never leave his house again.
He exhales softly and calms down. Alright, maybe Castiel reminds Dean of someone he loves right now. It’s nothing personal. He straightens his posture and meets Dean’s gaze with a challenging one this time, and sure enough, Dean’s expression shifts; he closes down completely, as if a cage is closed so fast and hard Castiel can almost hear the sound.
There were people smoking cigarettes all over the pavement, so he felt he was safe enough to take a seat on one of the patio chairs. He tried to inhale, and exhale, but it came out all wrong and shaky and stuttered. This wasn’t the first time he felt this overwhelmed over something, so he knew this was a panic attack; now all he needed to do was to get home, and sleep it off.
Dean is
“That’s interesting,” Dean manages a hint of sarcasm into his voice. “I was just leaving, so you don’t need to pretend you want to talk to me.”
”Hey, man. Sure, I can let you give me therapy, but we should be on first name basis first.”
Castiel ran his palm across the passenger door.
“I didn’t ask. I felt it was not my place. But he told me this before I went home with him, so all the cards were laid out for me before, which, in hindsight, I really respect. It was a noble thing to do.”
A doctor comes to him and tries to talk to him. All he hears is tinnitus. He stares at the guy blankly and wonders what would happen if he spat at that condescending face. But for now, all his strength is taken by breathing alone.
He chooses ginger — plenty of it to really kick off the blend — licorice and fennel to balance each other out, with grand, white rose petals, dried, on top. He breathes in the scent and adds a couple drops of essential peppermint oil. Then, he takes the bowl and brings it to Sam to smell.
”Well, obviously I'm not”, Castiel said, biting his lip. He wanted to escape this – no matter how. ”And pity is something I have no use for.”
“Hmmm, close,” Castiel admits, “so close.”
“Alright, our first product is a more sublime scent, and the color and the, yes, glitter give it a little extra flair,” he said, squeezing a little amount of gel on Dean's hand after dipping it in the bowl. “Let me work the scent first, and I'll let you sniff later.”
”Dean, honey?”
“I think he’s angry Rowena considered you dead enough to never tell him you’re not,” Balthazar says with a shrug and glances at the door they just walked through. “He might be fearing for his spot now that you’ve returned.”
Dean shook his head, looking up. He had to bite his lower lip, he was on the brink of crying.
Dean looks almost offended, but his expression melts quickly, as if he never thought it through in the first place.
“Time to go, yeah.”
“We’re just looking, thanks,” he said, trying to keep his voice level to avoid her feeling ridiculed, “we’ll let you know if we need anything.”
”What are you on about?”
“Shouldn’t you pay attention to class?”
“No,” Dean sighed, “I'm sorry. I just... Do you realize how comfortable this couch is?”
It feels nice to say this out loud. Castiel unwraps himself a little; his chest is a tiny bit lighter.
“Pleasure,” Balthazar says and scrutinizes Dean as they shake hands. Then both of the Winchesters take a seat across them on recliners similar to what they’re sitting on.
Dean frowns and looks out the window pointlessly — they’re in a tunnel — but Castiel gets the message. Letting Dean continue on his own accord, he leans back in his chair and gazes around the car. It’s not a particularly busy time of the day, but there are enough people to have him wish he was somewhere more secluded with Dean.
“Oh,” Castiel said, and his face lit up. And yeah, maybe Dean would want to keep that smile on Castiel's face, no matter the cost. “Those are bath bombs.”
They meet in the park. It’s cold, and Dean wants nothing more than for it to be a summer night again.
It always comes down to
“I was just wondering what you do for a living. There’s very few travel jobs in Etherfare that also require good physical health.”
”What the hell?” he asked, prepared to punch whoever was trying to mug him during this one shit of a night. As he turned around, he was satisfied he didn't approach the situation with his fist, though – his new crush, the azure-eyed masterpiece was staring at him. It seemed as if he'd always been standing there, but of course he must have run to catch up with Dean.
Castiel lowers his gaze to the suitcase, and his head is spinning faster than a cotton candy machine. Which is an apt description overall.
himself... and maybe he’s overthinking this, but it’s alright.
Because he has to get better for himself, he has to also be able to do it himself.
A few things happen at once: First, Castiel realizes who he’s been in yoga class with — everyone knows the Winchester brothers, who inherited a lousy bankrupt-ready company from their father upon his death and turned it into a goldmine. They were known as an innovative, but old-school bunch, who were a common sight at conservative events and socialite parties.
“It’ll be crowded. I’ll go already, save you a seat.”
she says,
“Me, too,” Charlie says, appearing from seemingly thin air. They make their way to their usual spot on the second floor while waiting for the lecturer to come, greeting Benny and Jo as they arrive. Seems like everyone’s on board with pizza night, which means Castiel and Dean won’t be able to spend time alone.
“I get it,” Castiel says. His voice is warm, soothing.
He gets up, puts on the light, and goes to look at himself in the mirror. A disappointment, that’s for sure. What if he dies here? What if this is the end?  It isn’t a self-destructive thought of
”You've even had drinks,” Chuck hummed, ”so you're definitely not the one doing any driving. Nonetheless, we could discuss this possibility with Charlie and Gilda.”
Castiel nods. “Yes. I’m glad I know myself now, and I know that I only ever want to have sex with someone I romantically love. I just wish I wouldn’t have hurt others, or myself, while trying to figure that out.”
As he stepped in through the door to Lush and was greeted by a torrent of scents and glitter, he instantly had regrets. He could barely see anything through the swarm of people, and even when he could, the products made zero sense. It looked more like an elitist cheese display than a cosmetic store, and he was just about to turn on his heels and go buy store brand instead, when he was greeted.
He’s in love.
Castiel squints at the screen. “Your mom’s uncool.”
Charlie is trying to make eye contact with Castiel, of course failing slightly due to the whole Skype thing. Castiel briefly decides that they should meet soon.
Dean hums. “Good.”
“Dean, language,” Sam says.
”Likewise, Dean. You have grown up a lot.”
”No. I... I didn't know Anna had asked your people to stay. I invited someone to stay too. Now there's no beds.”
“I’m just glad you’re listening,” Dean answers. Their eyes meet and for a scary couple of seconds, the air between them is filled with an unknown force — probably the same one that makes the world spin and the suns burn. Castiel’s chest fills with something heavy and he has to look away.
“We put in the requirement for a reason. We're looking for long-time tenants who are ready to settle down and start a family.”
Then, the fireworks start going off. It’s magnificent, and Castiel returns the mic to its place to regain his focus. He needs to keep his mind on the game, or he’ll start seeing the situation as it really is and get insecure. He needs this hubris to complete the song.
Yeah — it’s been a while since he’s fully tapped into his emotions. Anna, his new psychiatrist, still an absolute angel from Heaven, helps him figure things out.
With a relieved sigh, Castiel lets his whole body float again. Every joint in his body needs the comfort of water right now; he’s been traveling all night after a good scare from a bear kept him from falling asleep. He needs a nap, probably, but it’s not likely he’s going to set up camp this early.
“I heard you had a relapse. I wouldn’t say you’re fine.”
”I'm never going home! See, I got a pony now!”
Dean frowns and opens his mouth to protest, since the table is obviously firm, but Castiel gives him another kiss,
Dean pulls back with an amused huff. His eyes are warm, and joyous, and caring.
“Why?”
Castiel glanced over at Dean. He was concentrating hard on both the road and what Castiel was telling him and it made his face strained. Maybe they should pull off the road for a while.
Dean gently placed his cup next to the gear stick and pulled out of the parking lot. Castiel wrapped his palms around his cup as if to seek warmth, which was now hardly necessary - during daytime, they could already get around 60 Fahrenheit. With a sigh and a squint, he finally started talking.
“I’m failing to see how this is good,” Castiel muttered. Something in Dean’s eyes made him want to stow his arguments, but he was sure it was wishful thinking that was distorting his view.
Dean nods with a slight frown. “It’s pretty similar in the US, except we can only assume that’s how demons came to be. They’ve just always been around. So have angels, and so have vampires, so have all supernatural entities. I reckon that hasn’t been the deal for you, then?”
“As it turns out, I did bring a change of clothes.”
“I’m letting you have this one, Dean,” Castiel says, his tone strained to keep his enthusiasm to a minimum, “but don’t push it.”
What?
“It’s a panic attack you’re having, right?”
He looks at the ring, fully aware of his hands shaking as he does, and takes it off. A high-pitched whine escapes his throat then, and the sudden feeling of emptiness forces him to put it on again. Alright, definitely not doing that. If there's nothing else left in his world except this one thing, he's
“What?”
”I would
It's dark when he wakes up with a gasp, a sharp, fast inhale that hurts his lungs – and his heart is thumping loud in his chest, ringing in his ears, echoing all over his body.
“Cas,” he whispers, “what the hell is-”
“Or don’t,” Castiel hums, “Don’t is an option, too.”
, Castiel spins them around and pushes Dean against the door instead. He swallows the satisfied moan surfacing from him and deepens the kiss, letting his lips travel over Dean’s mouth, his jaw, his neck. His fingertips run along Dean’s sides, under his jacket but over his shirt, and it’s so warm and he feels so safe.
Wow, how adequate.
Waves, and complete darkness.
Dean laughed.
or would he deal with it himself?
“And!” Charlie says, beaming, turning around to reach for her surprisingly small carry-on bag, “I’ve got treats!”
“Although the whole collective is welcome,” Sam adds quickly, “it’s just...”
“And now that I said my game is off, you figured it’s because I’ve been AWOL. That’s a clever deduction.”
Still, someone is walking on the grass.
”We're leaving”, he said, saving his brother's ass, ”nice costume. Excuse us.”
Castiel can’t nod, so he just stays still, hoping no protest means yes.
“I- I’m surprisingly well,” he answers, “Confused by the lack of stress.”
that horrible screeching noise? – until he realizes it is, in fact, himself.
“Whiskey, white, red, uh. Sparkling water.”
“Uh, yes,” he says and is trying to make his way out of the conversation as soon as possible. Then he realizes he needs to sound interested in the place – let it be damned if Dean lost the apartment because Castiel is a general failure in everything he does. “Would we be splitting the gardening duty with the other people living here?”
“Keep typing, James,” Castiel mutters, “you wanted to troll the forums.”
There’s something in Dean that has Castiel completely captivated, no matter how much he thinks  that it’s over -- especially since he hasn’t heard anything from him since they separated on Sunday evening. He hasn’t forgotten how he realized he was in love while walking home through town, nor has he forgotten how easy it was being with him all day  just holding each other. The more he thinks of Dean, the more he realizes he could give him the Stardust speech. His heart feels too big for his chest to contain, and whatever his gut is telling him about not deserving… Dean makes him want to give it a try anyway. The possibility of their relationship is what Castiel has dreams about; simple things, such as waking up to each other every morning, making coffee and sitting on his balcony.
Silence comes immediately and it envelopes him like a sleeve – it's uncomfortably suffocating, hot and heavy, and makes Castiel feel like death has come already. He lifts a hand up his chest to feel his heartbeat, but he’s been lying down for so long it's hard to find. It's still there, he assumes, a slow, steady flicker of a life he doesn't really care for anymore but simultaneously feels scared to lose. It's there, trying to tell him to get up, try again,
“I’ll never think of the money over anyone’s health, and you don’t either. Please don’t bully yourself over this. Besides, it went well, right?”
The truth is, he knows nothing. Humans he can understand, and humans are the ones that have led both him and his partner to disappointment time and time again. Angels are a completely different matter – because of a special skill they possess.
That had him busy until the next winner came, but didn’t bring him closer to his dream of something more dramatic.
A sigh Dean didn't know he was holding escaped his lips. He turned around and found a Castiel burrito staring at him intensively.
As he takes a firm stance behind the register, his heart beats fast despite how ready he thought he was. He’s brought some items from the back room to make blends in the front, and for the Daily he’s aiming for a lavender-based white tea. Mostly, he’s doing it for the calming effect — he already put some lavender oil on the diffuser and it’s gently soothing him. For the first hours of the day, he’ll be alone. Meg will come at 1pm, and they’ll close up together.
”Hey, Cas.”
Castiel considers this… No, he
Dean nodded and rolled his eyes before continuing. There was a sense of warmth in his stomach that was hard to diminish now.
”Giddyup, pony!” the kid yelled, ”let's run away from the mean man!”
“Dean, he doesn’t care,” Sam hisses, and turns back to Castiel with a smile. “Okay. So, you know the company we work with, right?”
A threatening message,
A sense of dread spreads through Castiel as he realizes exactly what they meant. It’s the kind of company that Dean implied in that single look he gave Castiel on summer solstice night.
“You’re good, Dean,” Castiel says defiantly, and places a hand on top of his. “I’m sorry I am not good with the whole… casual thing. I fear that each time I open my mouth, I say something that’s way too deep for your liking. I think you’re beautiful, and much kinder than I deserve for the way I’ve acted with you.”
What to put in their place, then? The new summer arrivals? He dusts the shelf one more time and brings his findings to the counter. Mixing strawberry infusions with green lime teas are always a good idea, and the lavender ones he puts together with the thistle ones, and as his hands stumble upon the pine green tea, he sighs again.
It’s unnerving. It’s almost killing him to think like this.
“Yes. How did it go?”
“For… Assuming. I invited you here last time and bombarded you with questions about your past, even though it’s none of my business.”
. God, that’s a good word for what he feels.
”Hey, no worries. I didn’t leave you my number for nothing.”
He blames the good sex for this, but these don’t feel like post-orgasm thoughts, no. He hates to admit how much he needed this — and how much he still needs it.
”You know, I’m not satisfied with your answer yet.”
”It would mean a lot to me.”
Dean snaps his mouth shut. Castiel takes a step forward.
He knew already that he needed to get rid of the apartment. He couldn’t be a materialist. But right now, more than anything, he wanted Bartholomew to follow him, to beg him to come back, to kiss him in the rain.
“That’s… a relief, actually.”
Castiel hissed loudly. ”What do you even mean?”
“I don’t think I ever told you why I left the ring,” Dean muses, leaning back. Castiel realizes he’s probably doing that to keep him calm. Casual behavior. That’s good. “In the hospital, I mean. I only told you that it’s no longer functional. Well, there’s not much to the story, actually. You’d be better with another one, but I still want to tell you this.”
“I love it,” Castiel says and gives Dean a short kiss — or he meant it to be short, but Dean decides to deepen the kiss until Castiel is panting, rendered speechless against the mattress, and Dean is lying on top of him.
“Riddles again.”
“You’re not bothering me. I wouldn’t have asked.”
They kiss slowly, deliberately, thoroughly, and Castiel’s palms run along Dean’s spine. He could count the vertebrae here. He really wants to do that — but that would be a grossly romantic act to do in bed with a person who doesn’t want anything grossly romantic. So instead, he slowly slides his hands slower. To his own surprise, he masters the single-handed lube bottle usage before reaching down and gently, slowly, pushing the tip of his index finger inside Dean.
“Well, yeah,
“Do you feel unsafe?”
“Is it true?” he asked again, voice harsh, breath catching. Castiel couldn’t lie to his best friend even if he wanted to, and so, he just nodded. Dean stepped back and sighed a soft ‘
“Anyway, that’s my story. I thought about the possibility of you being similar, but I didn’t want to make assumptions or label you, even unintentionally.”
“Now, why did we come here?”
He makes good progress during the afternoon, even though he’s distracted by the tiny origami pieces that keep on appearing on his path. To make sure they’ve all learned what the new law means, Amanda came up with a task for them; they all needed to build a simple webpage with additions that accommodate the changes. She said it was a clever idea, and that it’d be fun for them to think about something else than mundane B2B programming.
Castiel's smile was beaming and Dean knew it was because he was acting like a total idiot right now.
“Come here, I need more,” Dean says and when Castiel raises his head, he pushes him gently against the couch. When Dean follows, Castiel’s arms instantly find their way around his waist. Dean kisses Castiel again, this time more insistent and heavy, and as his fingertips dig into Castiel’s chest, he notices how out of breath they already are. A tiny sparkle of fear passes Dean, but he pushes the thought aside – he can stop whenever he wants to, and Castiel will completely understand.
“You can’t promise that.”
”I promised Charlie some fireworks”, he muttered.
Slowly, he takes Dean’s hand, gives it a kiss and places it on the mattress. He tries his best to get up quietly and without rocking the bed, but Dean groans because he’s waking up and really doesn’t want to. Castiel decides to wait — it takes a moment for Dean to start snoring lightly, after which he silently dresses and tiptoes out.
Nobody’s at the front, so Castiel walks over to the counter and rings the bell. After a moment of hurried footsteps, a clerk appears with a smile plastered to his face. When he sees Castiel, it only widens.
This was, by far, the weirdest thing Dean had ever done. He was on his way to the outskirts of the town, to a detached house far from anything else, to meet a man he'd met once before.
”What was that?”
Dean is surprised by his sudden boldness, but it’s like a dam has broken inside of him – right now, on this couch with Castiel, he realizes he doesn’t have to know anything. He has made no promises to Castiel, and Castiel still wants to be here, and that in itself makes him feel a strange sense of freedom.
Like she promised, Charlie is there in the morning.
“Wait, who? Who are we talking about?” Sam asks. Castiel glances at him, and he looks genuinely confused. He briefly considers asking Sam to leave the conversation for now — he’s yet to tell Dean that there’s someone in his life that means a lot to him, and even though Dean probably wouldn’t think twice about it…
Castiel mouths Jody to Charlie, who’s looking at him questioningly. She gives a thumbs up and heads back to the living room.
He shakes hands with the both of them, feeling Dean’s intense gaze on his back as he walks away.
“What the hell,” Dean sighs as he bends over to catch his breath. “The things you do to me, Novak.”
“Four months.”
“I thought your subject would be closer to the things you wrote in the other vacation notes.”
Then, December came.
“No, this is something I need to do old-school. I gave up my phone when I left on this trip.”
”You're damn right it isn't. Besides, you seem to have a bit of something up your sleeve as well.”
”I love you, Castiel Novak,” Dean mutters, sending shivers down Cas’ spine. ”Each day I love you more.”
Dean nods, but he’s silent and Castiel knows he needs to get all of this out now, or he never will.
“Of course, there needs to be the National Anthem, too,” Dean says. “Can be played with a bit, though. Many do different interpretations of it.”
Dean is just finishing up in the kitchen; he throws the pan in the sink and gives the bar table a short wipe before his eyes catch Castiel’s where he’s still standing by the bedroom door.
“Why are you wet?”
He sees Dean’s eyes in the dim digital screen lights of kitchen appliances. Damn, he’s beautiful, and possibly at the end of his strength here, yet still asking for verbal consent like their flirting hasn’t been taking them here all night.
Dean shook his head in a motion that must have seemed way too angry.
He sighs and tries to keep his movements calm.
“So, which way did I come from?”
Looking around, Castiel realizes there’s only his footprints in the misty grass, and he rethinks the sound he heard back in the water. It did sound and awful lot like something dropping to the ground, but – he glances up, squinting at the brightness of the sky – where could a person fall from? A plane? A paraglider? A—
“Don’t you talk for me,” Balthazar states grimly, but seems to ease off a bit. Sam is looking at them both with a hint of a smile before he sighs.
Anna takes Castiel’s place by the stove, so he ventures towards the fridge to grab the meat. “It went really well. I didn’t know what I expected of Ms. MacLeod, but I am pleasantly surprised by her personality.”
With a stretch, he gets up and pockets his phone after answering James with a monocle emoji. He should know what Castiel thinks it means, and it’s
“Because you've found someone and you're moving because you don't want to live with your college buddy anymore and-”
”For the first days of the year. I binge Netflix. So if you think I'm going to abandon my tradition, you'll have another thing coming.”
She peers up at him for a moment longer, but shrugs after. “Don’t suppose you’re willing to dance?”
“Dean,” Castiel repeated.
“Looking at my body language, do I seem like the type that dances?”
Castiel nods and turns around to get dressed. No matter how many Deans he has with him, he still needs his bracelets for now.
Hesitantly, Dean unfolds his legs and gets off the table.
“Yeah. See you, or something.”
“Yes,” Dean sighs, “it’s cool, not gonna lie.”
“That makes sense. I'm only asking because I really like gardening, and I'd like to participate in tending it.”
The guy frowns, opens his mouth to say something, but snaps it shut again. “You were leaving?”
“Let me know when you want to meet. Obviously, not today. I might have time on Wednesday.”
Charlie smiles. “Nope. You’ll see. Anyway, if you were to just tell them how you feel, what would you say?”
“I do wish there was a solution to your situation,” Charlie says, and quickly sips her tea to hide an expression she doesn’t want Castiel to see. Guess it’s starting to sound pathetic for his friends too.
“I’ve never felt this good,” Castiel says and moans at the feeling of Dean’s finger cleverly moving deeper. “Yes, I’m here.”
When Sam puts it like that, it’s so simple. It’s not enough to keep anyone up at night. A simple either-or thing.
“Thank you. Next time, know better,” she says.
“Meg’s coming,” Charlie says, her voice stuck in her throat all of a sudden. “And I guess some others, too. I just realized I haven’t told them you’re awake.”
“Wow. You know what, I’m jealous. I spend way too much time harvesting virtual crops.”
”No, I don't. Also, I just don't want to visit the state of racism and narrow-mindedness ever again.”
“I was calling about the next appointment. I had to cancel the previous one, and we didn’t confirm a new one, and I only realized to call now that I need to talk about something.”
Dean isn’t guilty of anything. Castiel brought this upon himself.
Castiel never pulls his hand away, so Dean has time to sort it all out. When he believes he’s mostly done, he needs to blink away a couple of tears.
Starting comfortably next to a wall, Castiel headed towards the stairs that led to the second floor. He didn't plan on going straight up there to meet Dean, but there would be no harm in pinpointing him and collecting his bravery afterwards. He decided to grab a glass of punch to go, which he regretted immediately – it tasted like licorice, but saltier and was also definitely alcoholic. As he found the stairs, he decided to linger next to the railing for now. He checked his phone, but it stayed silent.
His thoughts are quickly reorganized when he realizes the heartbeat on his ring is accelerating. He tries not to think of himself as the smug type, but there’s just no way James’ heart would be fluttering at a time this convenient if it wasn’t for his message.
, he’s inviting.
”I'm sorry,” the man said, ”I should introduce myself. I'm Castiel, and Anna's my sister. She was nervous over something earlier and I wondered if it was you.”
”No worries. I’m Dean. Do you need anything? Lemme just-”
She nods, and Castiel feels another surge of gratefulness. He’s happy they’re getting along so well — he’s heard Rowena can be a bit of a diva. In Castiel’s opinion, there’s nothing wrong with knowing what you’re worth if you’ve got a reason to.
“So, we talked briefly with Castiel on Saturday,” Sam starts, “but I haven’t met you two. I’m Sam Winchester, and this is my brother Dean. We’re two thirds of the management of Winchester, Inc., and have the third one’s permission to represent the company with you today.”
to have.
Before Gabriel yanked him away in the crowd that still seemed to be thickening, the girl caught a glimpse of Castiel's glow stick bracelet. She gasped and took a step forward but shook her head then, retreating. Castiel frowned at the sight, but then they were already in the main hall, seated comfortably at a table next to the buffet. The punch was black and they apparently also served separated fingers. Someone was gnawing one and it was more disturbing to listen to than to actually look at, but then the music picked up in both pace and volume. Michelle took Gabriel dancing and Castiel stayed behind with two people still sitting on his table – the kind girl and some guy that was not having pizza today. It really was a shame he didn't know their names, but he couldn't blame himself – Dean tended to take most of his time and even more so now that everything was intensifying.
Then, with a stretch and a yawn, he was up.
Sam begins to leave, and Castiel can’t stop the words from escaping his mouth, although he kicks himself both during and after them. “Hey, Sam? I apologize. You’re right, I’m on edge. I’m so on edge it feels uncomfortable when someone mentions it.”
Their touches turn to needy now, again — they’re gripping each other more fervently, more roughly now, their lips and tongues are doing far more than exploring: they’re claiming. Dean pushes Castiel back against the mattress, takes both of his hands on his own and starts truly moving; he’s riding Castiel to oblivion, and it’s just too much, and Castiel’s moans come out as almost-sobs. He’s thinks he says something at one point, something he’d probably be too embarrassed to say in daylight.
He doesn’t realize until it’s said, but that’s exactly what Dean wants.
“Same as me,” Charlie informs, “Dancing on TV.”
“No, I’m not buying that.”
“And I thought ‘this is it, this is the person who will do anything to make me happy, and I don’t need to pretend to be tougher, or smarter, or less emotional than I am’. I’ve been meaning to tell you so many times, you have no idea.”
She asks, the movement of her hands both soft and almost frantic. It makes Castiel feel warm, and he nods.
It was almost scary how easily Castiel was accustomed to the change in the mood. It was as if he had been waiting for a quarrel to happen sooner or later.
by Marc Lévy as a teen and absolutely loved it. I'm so glad for it to have circled back into my life like this. I guess that's all! Listen to the playlist, stay tuned for my DCBB, come say hi on
Charlie took him out to town after feeding him cinnamon buns. Good.
As Castiel is briefly distracted by kissing Dean’s inner thighs, Dean reaches out, grabs his forearms and pulls him on top of him and in for a kiss, and another one, then wraps his legs around Castiel’s hips and pulls him closer.
“I can make the deposit first thing in the morning,” Dean says.
“Hell yes, that is a yes, angel. Unless your brains are overwhelmed by kittens and you don’t know what you’re asking.”
”Well, have you left?”
“Can’t believe you,” he whispers, “can’t-fucking-believe you.”
“Well, it’s all how you perceive it, really. It’s an unbalanced Pitta issue. I need tea with roses, fennel and ginger, and maybe licorice, even cardamom. I’m not greedy, I’ll make do with less than that, and you could even throw in a surprise ingredient.”
“Damn it,” Dean says and starts looking around for his pants that were left somewhere in the living room when he went to the shower. “Did they say who it was?”
”I'm still going to get you marshmallows, though.”
Dean sighs and stretches out his limbs before getting out of bed.
”What's your favorite constellation?” he decided to ask. Before answering, Castiel angled his arms to rest his upper body on them and let his head fall back. Even in the dark, Dean could make out the lines of his jaw and neck and had to shake himself out of any thoughts that came with it.
He doesn’t check for James’ reply before he’s through the sliding doors of Walmart. He’s greeted by a slithery-looking man, which makes his anxious heart do a little leap, and he quickly distracts himself with his phone.
Dean’s smile falters.
Dean fucking
“It doesn’t matter. Whatever you’re doing would give me a clue of what capabilities you possess.”
She left before Dean could ask anything, so he decided to let it go. Instead, he picked up his phone only to read a hasty text from Charlie to come meet up with them. They'd apparently found what was ”the best cheesecake in town” and that if Dean had a taste of it, he'd never need a soulmate again. While it was probable that Dean's soulmate was of the Delicacy family, he was pretty certain it'd be a pie and so, instead of answering the message or even opening it as 'read', he headed out.
“Yes, there’s a highly active portal between heaven and earth in here. Angels are coming and going faster than you can imagine. I was asked to find out whether this is something that needs to be solved, but if humans can’t see the portal, I don’t think there’s anything to worry about.”
“He says it should be fine,” he tells Castiel and looks down at the phone once more. “But he seems to be in a foul mood.”
“Do tell,” Castiel pleaded. He didn't speak aloud anymore. The whisper traveled through Dean's body as shivers.
“Well, I do more than make sales,” Castiel sighed, almost frustrated now, “and I myself celebrate Saturnalia, so it would make sense for me to ask.”
“It would really mean a lot to us if you came.”
“My... My what?”
Of course he did. He was a damn dream come true, after all.
Castiel exhales at the sudden loss of his companion. He tries not to think too much into it, but he’s also blushing, because
“I give myself permission whenever I feel like it.”
Castiel feels a sharp pain in his gut that confirms what he’s recently been thinking about anyway; his feelings for Dean aren’t solely on friendly terms.
Another pressing matter is his invitation to James. It’s not likely he’ll be there, not when he’s still AWOL apart from the steady beat of his heart, but Castiel should at least try to make it himself? For some reason, he keeps hoping that it’s all been a misunderstanding, that James is so happy to meet him they’ll just laugh and kiss and drink coffee — and Castiel will finally tell him he’s been lying about his name, and that, too, will just be funny.
“Good. Thank you, Cas,” Dean says, kissing him again. “I will then be coherent enough and let’s have this conversation in a less compromised state.”
Dean scrunches his nose and looks into the distance for a while. “Well, I don’t know. I don’t know you as a person, but I do think having a pretentious ass for a star isn’t going to end up well for Rowena.”
“You need to come! I want to hear all about your first class showboat life,” Charlie says, “and who knows, it might even inspire me with my work.”
Will Castiel have to deal with the consequences of that night forever?
”Please, don’t,” he says, ”I can go pick it up right now. It’s no big deal. It’ll only take me-”
to have an effect.
“It was a good celebration. We had our windows closed and we watched The Beach.”
“Five minutes,” Bartholomew continues, pretending to be looking at his fingernails. “Castiel, you know me.”
Castiel huffs. “If you’re referring to God, he’s forsaken us ages ago. As much as I’d like to have a conversation with him, he’s nowhere to be found. No, I work for an angel in a higher position than I. We just want to keep the portals hidden.”
She’s pregnant and she’s never had sex.
“Nah.”
He bites the inside of his lip, spacing out in thought. Dean has been talking to a lot of people, and there’s no way he wouldn’t charm the socks off whoever he chose. Is it Lisa? Lisa’s been around for a while, talking to Dean whenever she gets the chance – but Castiel has always labeled that as a casual acquaintance. Had he been wrong?
After ten minutes, Castiel felt a shudder run down his spine. Someone had tried to come talk to him, leaving pretty soon after realizing Castiel really sucked at small talk. It wasn't that incident that now set him a bit off and neither was it the admiring glances shot his way – he felt he was reaching the limits of his social stamina. It was loud, hot and overwhelming and he could text Dean to meet him outside but then again maybe it'd be better to just leave and let their relationship die slowly instead of with a bang that still, in Castiel's mind, was inevitably coming. Just as he turned and shot a final glance up the stairs, he saw them.
“It would be weird from me to say no, wouldn’t it?” Castiel says. Dean turns around to look at him with a worried expression on his face.
”I'll approve”, Castiel said.
Castiel laughed. “I wouldn't know. I know too little about cars. Alright, how does that smell?”
“It’s what we do for a living,” Meg shrugs.
As Castiel got up, he noticed Meg sitting on the next table, smoking a cigarette that was her bad habit when she was intoxicated. They’d glanced at each other, but never spoke of the situation again.
”There's so many. I do like Pleiades and Orion, but I think my heart belongs to Aquarius.”
The first thought that pops into Castiel’s mind is
”That's the general idea around soulmates, yes. They don't often cover other possibilities, since differences are uncommon. However, even if something is uncommon... It shouldn't mean exceptions to the rule should be ignored.”
“I am. Now, I want you to get back to sleep. We can talk more in the morning.”
Castiel just about makes it to the bathroom before his tears flow over. He sits on the toilet seat, brings up both of his legs, curls himself into a ball and sways his whole body back and forth.
”You’re here for a reason, aren’t you?”
When Castiel involuntarily moans again, there’s fear in his eyes for the slightest of seconds. Dean lifts himself up and wraps his arms around Castiel, kissing his mouth and nose gently.
“Sure, I’ll let him know. And Castiel? Will you be attending yoga next week?”
Then James wanted to send him the ring. Since Castiel had told him he was in Miami that summer, he chose a post box at random and gave James the details. It was nothing short of magical to receive a gift from his loved one, and since James had become the person Castiel shared all his secrets and all his firsts with, he put on the ring and swore to never take it off.
“We didn’t actually discuss who you have a crush on. I can,” she sighs, “do nothing with this.”
There was a split second of a moment as they both were about to lean in closer, but Dean broke off, stepping back.
“Your friends would disagree with you, I’m sure of it.”
His head hurts, so he returns his full attention to Jane.
“I agree,” Charlie says, basically beaming.
”We're getting hair chalk, wine, some chain, pizza and whatever you're having. We're getting a bit buzzed because you need to chill. Moreover, you need to be drunk enough to give your consent to my plans on you.”
Once or twice, Castiel inhaled and leaned in a notch – as if he remembered a good anecdote and felt like sharing it. When he rested his eyes on Dean’s face, though, he retreated with haste. Dean was in no mood for jokes; he had just bailed on his family for Castiel.
“I shouldn't have invited you here before telling you what this is about.”
“Like you didn’t know,” Castiel hums and turns on his heels. Dean follows suit.
”I understand how mean this looks to you right now. I kind of hoped you'd at least talk to me before making up your mind. Haven't we known each other long enough for you to owe me that?”
“No, that’s not it. I think she’s just playing hard to get.”
“Is that eating a ton of pizza and binge-watching something? If so, I’m in.”
“Well, it depends on when you’re planning to come and what you wish to see.”
Another customers comes in and looks at Castiel expectantly. For some reason, this causes his blood rise to his throat. He's not ready for customer service – he's barely ready for-
”Now you’re just flattering us.”
“We’re together, that’s what’s up, for one,” Dean says, “and, uh, I can’t wait for this to be over with.”
Dean sat into one of the chairs and sighed. He was content. No – happy. Somehow, he found himself in a situation that he had no control over; and it wasn't because he was forced, but because someone wanted to take care of him in the most pure, genuine way.
He gives the surface a once-over, and nods.
“Wow. Really, Sammy?”
“I’m so embarrassed,” Castiel huffs. “Just… Do you have those days when you don’t want to leave home?”
“I’m going to take you to the bedroom now. I promise to get rid of my spiteful clothes and take care of you.”
Castiel nods, and reaches out his hand for Dean to take. He happily obliges, and uses his free hand to give Cas a gentle, experimental stroke. He follows Castiel’s head-to-toe shiver with his eyes and smiles before leaning in and running his tongue along Castiel’s shaft. He proceeds to take him in his mouth as fully as he can, enjoying the feeling of Castiel shivering under his ministrations.
He changes into some worn-out jeans, a flower-patterned long-sleeved t-shirt, and a sleeveless hoodie before he bothers looking at himself in the mirror. He looks like he’s been deprived of both his sleep and his dinners for the past half a year; and while that’s not far from the truth, it leaves him feeling exposed in a way he’s not comfortable with. Alright, he’s got a whole set of battle armor he can wear if times are desperate. He puts on his combat boots: he’s got two pairs, so he puts on one green and one black, but it leaves him with the immediate need for more armor. He rummages through his drawers to find bracelets and wristbands, broken watches and more rings, a necklace with wings and a scarf he made out of the common room drapes in college. Feeling slightly like a Christmas tree, he returns to his phone.
Dean nodded. Before the silence returned, he continued.
Now, he’s not much for architecture, but the building is clearly on the modern side; mostly glass and steel in that white-and-black design mostly seen in Scandinavian interior. There’s something in this he envies, but he also instantly craves the touch of old log cabins and stone arches from the early 20th century. He nears the elevator, wonders if he should be taking stairs instead, but feels lazy and heavy on his legs.
“Well, first of all, Dean told me he isn’t looking for a relationship. Not a romantic kind, or a friends with benefits thing. He pretty much told me he’s emotionally unavailable.”
Second, and it’s clear as day, Sam is scouting them for a future reference. They need a party planner in the future. He’s here to see if they’re worth anything.
Balthazar opens his mouth to say something, but Castiel squints at him so he closes it again. He doesn’t need to be a mind reader to understand something snarky was about to come out just now.
love? Nope.”
“How about you? What have you been doing since you left the competition?”
“Are you permitted in here?”
He was in an alright mood, although maybe a little disoriented by all the people he'd met. He still wasn't coming closer to the solution of the puzzle - instead, it started to feel like he himself was the missing puzzle piece. He'd felt a connection to all of the people he'd met, but it’d been shallow – like all of those people who had their birthplace in common would get along really well. Maybe, in a different universe, they would eventually even hang out. But now that the situation was this, it felt weird to think about bringing them all together.
“Ah, and you left them in the car, you sly fox. Alright, go fetch them and I'll start filling the tub.”
“…and it was really stupid, I mean, we could…”
“No, no,” Castiel says, shaking his head. “It’s alright. You couldn’t have known.”
“Yeah,” Sam says, “there is. And just… Just kick me if I’m stepping over some boundaries here, okay? It’s a gym, but there’s other rooms, too, for classes to be held separately. I have taught some yoga classes there but I go alone, too, if I’m feeling sort of… out of place. And uh, in return for the bachelor party, I’m inviting you. I could show you a bit of meditation and yoga to balance your mind.”
He helps with carrying the instruments in, and then walks through the small stage set between pillars on the front of the lower deck. It seems simple enough, charismatic, and there’s room for people to eat while they watch the performance. He’s pretty sure the clients of Winchester, Inc., are waiting for a bowtie-esque performance of modern hits with a swingy twist, but they won’t be getting that.
Castiel places his hand over the pang he feels in his chest. Has he done something to make Dean think they’re not capable enough?
Castiel nodded and did what he was told. The situation had him disturbed enough to not even try to make a run for it. Besides, where would he go? His apartment was long gone, and escaping to his friends would make it seem like Bart was a bad person. He definitely wasn’t. Castiel was starting to see the whole picture here. He was the one who was bad.
They looked at each other. Castiel drew in a breath as if to say something, and exhaled.
Then, a shift happens.
himself for allowing this to happen to him again, and it being the same person for the second time must be a fucking record in how gullible someone can be.
”Take your imaginary stuff with you then. Look, three minutes. I'm driving a car so I'm ending this call now.”
“I don’t think there’s much to talk about. I made it all quite clear,apparently,” Castiel said, gesturing helplessly to the phone still in Dean’s free hand.
Dean tries to smile, but it falls flat. Instead, he just nods.
A smile crossing his face, though, implies he knows
It’s five to ten in the evening, and Castiel picks up his phone only to idly turn it around in his hands.
He was happy. He couldn’t complain; he had a boyfriend he was living with, someone who loved him unconditionally, someone who would go the extra mile for him if he was struggling. He sometimes wondered whether anxiety or depression were the reason for that — after all, it was something that’d been boiling under the surface for all his life. Bartholomew, though, wanted to believe in the best of him.
Screw
That was a Dean place, right? Did he head there to be closer to Dean, or to erase what happened between them?
“Falling. Not done with falling, Charlie. It… God, it-” A sob escapes his throat and he’s not even crying, “God, it’s all so fucking scary.”
“Table finished?”
“I’m sorry,” he repeats, his voice stuck in his throat, but this time he’s awakened by it.
”That was not my intention, man.”
“I don’t know what I’ve done to you, but whatever it is, I’m sorry.”
With a sigh, Mary patted his elbow. She wasn't going to let Dean know just how upset she was about this – and still, her son was already comforting her, probably at his own expense.
The calendar seems fine. There’s a couple of graduation parties at the end of May, but the bachelor party is the only thing in their immediate future. Kevin has already started to put in possible days for practice, and although Castiel feels a bit of a stab in his chest for not being able to participate, he wants to keep focusing on what he’s capable of for now. Kevin has also put in weekly order dates for the store and, via a link, Castiel ends up in a spreadsheet with default order items written in. Damn it, Kevin is handy. Did Castiel even see exactly how handy before all of this? He should promote the guy, whatever promotions there could be in a store this size. Orders executive?
Of course he’s a bit disappointed about the unavoidable change in their pace for today, as he’d like to have Charlie to himself since she’ll only be here for such a short amount of time — but he can’t bear the thought that he’s become so selfish, so needy and desperate. It’s as if he exists less when nobody is around, and having people around justifies his actions.
“Got you,” Castiel says and returns to the counter. He grabs some dried orange from the bag he’s brought up for other purposes, but for ginseng he needs to make a quick trip downstairs. On a whim, he takes some gold drops made of sugar and adds them to the generous amount of darjeeling blend he’s making. Finally, he presses a Non-Partisan Tea Party sticker to the brown paper bag, and attaches the card. It’s an important thing to add on each of the packages he sells — he wants people to read it while they drink their tea. Although tea has been international for centuries, he’s eager to remind people of the origins of tea culture so at least something, if even only a thought, is passed on to the people who have made it possible. Also, on the other side of the card, there’s information of their fair trade rules and information about the origin of their teas down to the farmers themselves.
”Then we’ll go see a doctor or something. Don’t worry, Cas. I’m not gonna let you go.”
“Never said you were. Alright, Cas, have a good night, now. Are you up for a cup of coffee or tea later this week?”
Castiel's jaw dropped a bit and he stared at the hand, considering whether to run or face the situation he never thought would actualize. This was Sam, as in this was Dean's brother Sam, a lawyer-in-the-making, an awkward but lovable nerd who was so important to Dean it made Gabriel look bad with his half-assed brotherly love. He was there, standing in front of Castiel, in a pizza place they'd chosen randomly and -
Castiel thinks.
They hang out at the gym for hours. Castiel makes them a quick-fix blend of some tea bags they have around the kitchenette, and they drink up first indoors, then outdoors on the patio that’s attached to the room. It’s the most comfortable he’s felt in a while, and to think he could achieve it with a stranger… It’s overwhelming, but happily so.
“Alright, as you wish.”
“You’re selfish and greedy,” Castiel whispers to the ceiling, and before he thinks further, he picks up his phone.
Balthazar nods hello from across the room as he enters, and Castiel vividly remembers his threatening message and how things around that remain unresolved. He doesn’t want to deal with it now, though, especially when it seems like he was right in the first place. It hadn’t taken long for James to hurt him, and if Balthazar found out now he’d live up to his promise to beat the living shit out of the guy. Then again, he was about to do so anyway, regardless of James’ behavior.
“Hey, there, okay,” Dean says, worry knitting his brows together, “I’m gonna have to stop you there. I’ll listen as long as you want to keep on talking, but when it comes to self-deprecating remarks and comparing yourself to hypothetical people you don’t even know, I’m stopping you. Sound okay?”
“What is ‘the other side’?”
“Who died and made you boss?” Meg asks. She’s done setting up her DJ equipment, hoping to spin some records in between live performances. It’s likely to happen, since they’re supposed to make a full evening of sound. Castiel hopes to be able to borrow her looper at some point today. There’s stuff he wants to try out with it, and hopefully also bring to the performance. He hops off the table, and ignores messages buzzing on his pocketed phone for now.
It wasn’t the same night Castiel had remembered earlier; this one was from a wedding. They had been invited by the bride, someone Bartholomew knew well. They were wearing suits, and it was an important social gathering that also served as some sort of a client scouting. Much like in here, alcohol was served freely, and as they got more in their system Bart started to judge people. First, he pointed Castiel towards one of the bridesmaids, who was looking bored at the man in her company a couple of tables over.
“This should go super well with coffee, I hear,” she says, taking one more item from her bag — glazed white and milk chocolate swirls on top of what seem like cinnamon buns, in a brown paper bag. Local bakery? “Should we have overly sweet breakfast on the balcony?”
She winks and leaves the table. Dean watches her go and briefly it feels like a regular night out. They used to go a lot when they were younger and Dean was still optimistic, before everything normal was too hard for him, before his world shrunk into nothing but late hours at the garage.
“There has been definite progress since we last talked, in that case. Last week, you didn’t do your laundry.”
”You do realize, Dean”, Castiel said and Dean could've sworn he sounded short of breath, ”you've been ogling me for a while now.”
Castiel’s legs gave in and he knelt on the floor. His lungs were trying to inhale rapidly, but they failed — his heart beat against his ribs and he was pretty sure he was having a heart attack out of sheer horror — and his mouth opened to speak, or to scream, but nothing came out.
He groans again, this time letting it linger in the air for a moment. No, never again. Never again. He made the decision of staying out of love-related things back in January, and he’s going to stick to that.
“What?”
There’s a tone to his voice that implies that makes him a better person. Castiel agrees with that tone.
Castiel opens his mouth to answer, but just a soft groan escapes his throat. Sam laughs again.
”First off”, Gabriel announced, tone filled with absolute pride, ”I'm going to put you in a sequin dress.”
If there’s bitterness to Dean’s voice, Castiel knows he needs to pretend not to hear it. He mirrors Dean’s leg adjustment and sighs.
Things have been progressing fast. It seems like only yesterday when December happened, and now, against all odds, Castiel has pushed through the worst and is actually, legitimately, going out again. He’s constantly afraid of the relapse that’s bound to happen sooner or later, but he knows he should only worry about it when it’s time. He might as well enjoy what he’s able to accomplish until that moment comes.
Last, but not least — he doesn’t feel safe. Not when everyone knows everyone he’s ever met, and he’s let a stranger come into his home this easily.
“…Nah. I don’t think so. I just want you to know that I don’t hate it all the time. I’m in no way a poor soul stuck in the profession.”
Castiel tilted his head. ”What do you mean?”
“This,” he whispers, “this is one of the reasons I’m so glad I’m finally here. I can take care of you. I can hold you when you’re afraid. You don’t know how honored I am simply to be able to do that. Of course I’ll only be here for you if you allow me, but at least know that it’d be an absolute pleasure.”
, he thinks grimly.
Chuck cringed. ”You sure about that?”
“I’d… If it’s okay, I’d rather meet you alone. I want to talk some personal stuff.”
There was a part of Dean that felt like a child right now. He wanted to know what it felt like to have Castiel wrap that trenchcoat around him. He wanted to feel safe and get lost in the warmth of someone who was this intriguing to him.
Castiel’s line of self-sacrificing thoughts is interrupted by a swift slap delivered to the back of his head with a notebook. He lifts his gaze to meet Charlie’s angry face.
Dean laughs again.
Castiel scoffs at the nonsense James is talking, but his chest is already radiating warmth. This is what he needs. He needs someone who knows him and who can make foolish enough notions to drag him back from the cliff.
Rowena's cough returns them to reality with a jolt. Dean briefly leans his forehead on Castiel's before taking a half-step back, still comfortably keeping him close by his waist.
Mostly, they talk about traveling. In that specific method of storytelling which includes them finishing each other’s sentences, they reminisce their way through the canals of Venice and the jungles of Amazon. They had both been photo journalists once, and that’s how they ended up together in the first place. With all their children and grandchildren grown up and out in the world, they’re left in a loft apartment by themselves. It’s an amazing life, a complete window to the past so full of emotion that it makes Castiel wish he could bottle some of the feelings and add it to his performance as a dancer; he’s yet to experience romantic love. To perfectly capture Albrecht he should, of course, know how stuff like that works and what it feels like to truly love.
“Okay. Uh, well,” Castiel tries to form a sentence that isn’t
Castiel clears his throat because the impact this has on him catches him off guard. He’s not against the idea of bottoming, not by a landslide, but he’s never gotten such a kick out of it, either.
Dean finally let go of her hands and tried to catch her gaze by blocking the view. When Anna raised her eyes to meet his, there was almost a smile on her face. So, there was hope… Maybe.
“In your friendships, do you say no if you don’t want to participate in an activity?”
”I was rude earlier,” the voice proclaimed, ”and I wanted to make it up to you. Are you busy tonight?”
“I didn’t mean to imply I know how hard your situation is for you. Only you can be the judge of that. I might’ve come off as a know-it-all, and I’m sorry for that, Cas.”
“Haven’t seen you in a while! Where have you been? Turns out there’s an open bar. Do you want something from the open bar?”
Dean looks straight at him. He feels like he’s burning up, but that’s what the sun tends to do to people.
“Yes, we’re in touch.”
The pizza arrives seconds after, so they decide to continue later. All in all, it's a successful, albeit tiring, night.
A message buzzes in the phone still his hand, and even though he knows who it’s from, he opens it.
He lifts his gaze and meets Castiel Novak’s.
Guilt and yearning both burn in Castiel’s throat. More than anything in the world, he wants to -- but Dean’s words about not wanting a relationship hang heavy in the air, and Castiel remembers Dean’s not
“Yeah, but we spent one fourth of July with them,” Castiel reminisces.
Dean sighs. “It’s nothing.”
“You sure? I want you to talk to me.”
“Okay,” Castiel says and steps forward, reaching out, “I’m sorry, my fingers run cold when I’m nervous. Are you ready?”
”I am confused now. I left home thinking I’d never return.”
“Charlie, you’re standing in the sun,” he says slowly, and his voice scares him as much as his words scare Charlie — she places both of her hands over her mouth and shakes her head.
There’s no time to explain what exactly he’s feeling right now, so he just shrugs. Meg takes it as a yes, and goes back to her soundboard for a while. When she puts on the next song Castiel immediately recognizes it; they’ve played it before, during a summer gathering on an island where a surprise marriage also took place. It had been the bride-to-be’s special request, and it’d taken them forever to master.
The memories are trying to escape him, they’re spinning out of control, like he’s holding quicksand in his hands. Quick. Quickly. He needs to say it aloud quickly so he won’t forget it again.
“You’re impossible.”
“Well, so are we! So what if we’ve got, like, ten year experience of this game. We could as well be newbies who seriously can’t play well yet and yelling at newbies is considered uncool.”
”I’m gonna get us more coffee now, but after that, I don’t want to hear any more of your silence. I get enough of that when you don’t answer my texts.”
“Yeah, I agree. I think it’s safe to say I fall somewhere in the asexual scale, but I don’t think I have a hurry to figure out where. Okay,” Dean huffs, “enough serious talk. Can we make out now?”
It’s not empty. There’s a man dancing to the music and from the first sight of him, Castiel is captivated. The man is young, probably around his age, wearing street clothes like he just popped into the theater --  and the way he moves is something rare, almost foreign to Castiel. It’s like he doesn’t completely touch the ground as he leaps and twirls and bounces, perfectly in time with the notes. There’s some roughness to the edges of his moves, but it’s well balanced with finesse elsewhere, and the raw emotion present even without lyrics in the song has Castiel on the verge of tears — and he’s not even fully done crying about Giselle.
“What the hell? Of course I do.”
“I don’t want to do this, Baz.”
It takes him two days to wake up and brew some coffee. It takes three days to turn on the TV, and all of the five days to get a shower. As he exits the steamy bathroom in a robe, it feels like his lungs are working better than before, like he can breathe well for the first time in a while.
“I think you’re truly amazing, Castiel,” he continues, “but I don’t want you to think that you owe me something just because we’re here now. If you’re not comfortable with physical contact, or another casual night together… I don’t want you to think you owe me that just by coming here. All I wish for you is that you’d allow yourself to enjoy things.”
“Not much,” he admits, “pretty much just been helping my sister out with her business. Surprisingly dance-free life.”
“I forget things with you,” Castiel says, “I’m too in love.”
Castiel pushes his plate away from him, burger half-finished. “Don’t you tell me what I went through was impossible.”
“You don’t have to tell me anything about your work, but I’d like to know a bit about that argument you had with Dean. I don’t need the specifics, but it just caught my attention when you told me you want to be regarded as something else than a Winchester.”
For the first couple of months, they just admired them. The software that came with their rings made it possible to control them, and they were both eager to keep them on all the time, since at last they had something tangible of each other. Castiel saved the little letter that came along, too – it had James' handwriting, and he even drew in a heart.
“Think of the money, Meg.”
Then Dean bottoms out and sets a steady, slow pace. Castiel grips the headboard for support with one hand, but keeps the other one on top of Dean’s on his chest. Dean kisses him again and again and again, and Castiel vaguely notices he might be saying something, but he can’t really hear what. No — it’s Castiel himself that’s speaking, and Dean looks at him with so much adoration he feels the need to blush, but it feels too damn good. He lets out a loud moan and feels himself clenching around Dean before, without much warning, he comes hard and long and loud. He scratches Dean’s back with his fingernails, sinking them into his skin as Dean follows him over the edge.
“Sure,” Dean says with a shrug. “It’s been a while since I last put up a tent, but shouldn’t it be like riding a bike?”
Five minutes. Everything inside him is telling him not to do this. What if he has some information about the operations against the Winchesters, and he doesn’t share that information with the police because Castiel is afraid? It’s not that Castiel should be thinking about anyone else but himself; but he’s afraid he  won’t forgive himself for not going through with this.
“Hello, Dean,” he replies, his voice coming out lower than he thought it would. “You found me.”
”Please,” Alfie says, trying to smile towards the next people in line.
He frees his hands to put visual emphasis for the explosion sound he makes. Castiel huffs.
He makes it to the point where he’s sitting on the table with his coffee mug, until he realizes James has WhatsApp, and also seems to have been online a couple of minutes ago. Nervously, he opens the keyboard.
“Oh, yes, work’s fine. I like it, and I’m proud of what I’ve built. It’s the inability to think about things. I’ve yet to learn to… Think about things. I’ve always wanted to take care of people, and sometimes that means putting your own needs second.”
, into unknown territories they’re eager to explore together.
”I'm sorry for startling you”, he said, letting go of Dean's hand, ”but I didn't know what to yell, since I don't know your name.”
”So I might've lost my guardian while we were running from some bad men but you seem too clumsy to help me.”
”What was that about?”
How manipulative of Bartholomew. And Castiel hadn’t even realized it.
Castiel returns with two burgers a moment later. He sits across from Dean in the booth and crosses his hands on the table.
Dean starts drawing slow circles on Castiel’s back. He leans against the touch.
After what turned out to be a private tea party of various rooibos and lavender based teas, Castiel is put in his bed, the blanket snugly fitted over him. All he can think about is a coffin, and how far he had to go to return this close; into his crypt, in which he’s the sole keeper and resident, and others would rather turn their heads away than look straight at him.
“Nope. Get this. It’s the last day of Giselle. You’re going to have to get there and see it for yourself.”
“Surely you don’t want that, either?”
“Yes, I think so. Me being friends with someone upsets people.”
Dean looks at him for a moment, a fond smile appearing on his face. “You alright this morning?”
“I left my phone at my parents’ house.”
Castiel complies. As he straightens his posture, it’s obvious that the boy was already taller than him. Awkwardly, he wipes his palms against his shorts as the boy lets go of his hand.
“Please let me finish before you say anything, okay?”
”Me, too,” he whispered. ”It's just been a long... A long day and a long trip.”
At first, Castiel hears the sentence and doesn’t think much of it — mostly because nobody else at the table reacts, either; but surely enough the familiar feeling of choking, of his lungs filling up with infected, painful air, is there soon after. Before he can process it, he’s up from his seat and headed towards the cliffs that currently offer the only safe place in the area — Kevin’s swimming from the sandy spot along the coast, and the other groups are scattered on the grass.
“Of course,” Castiel said, “ducks are an important part of any bath.”
“It’s beautiful,” he whispers. “I love it.”
“Go on, tell me. I’m here to answer all your party-related questions and soothe your worries.”
Castiel looks around in the room and sees students mostly chatting with each other.
A memory hits him so fast he doesn’t have time to dodge it.
Dean huffs out a laugh and shakes his head. Then, he drags his palm across his face.
The child turned around, their face full of surprise which quickly turned into a squint filled with mocking wit.
“I don’t know how I got here. It’s like I fell asleep after a – a trip I went on with my brother, and then,
“I’m not snappy,” Castiel replies, his breath pushed out of him when the shoe slips on, “I’m tired because a bear tried to attack me last night, and I thought it was intriguing when you fell from the skies, but all you’ve done so far is told me to put on clothes, pried me for answers like I was a damn travel guide, and ogled at my scarce food. So no thank you, I don’t wish to get involved in your self-reflective moment of
As they step out, Castiel stumbles a little. Since Balthazar is whistling a couple of feet ahead, Dean’s the one who catches him. His hand feels warm on Castiel’s elbow and for a full five seconds, they just stare at each other. Oh, those are some green eyes, Castiel notes dumbly, as if he hadn’t done that before, and then he straightens up and wipes imaginary dust off his pants.
“To family,” he finishes the sentence. “And hello, you handsome kitten, you. Nice to meet you too, oh! It’s so nice to meet you. There’s nothing better in the world than a black cat. Are you gonna bring us bad luck, hm? I would love a witchy cat. Can you grow up witchy for us?”
”I gotta give it to you, man,” he said, ”this is a lot different from what I'm accustomed to.”
“Nothing else. Every now and then, I hear of a new portal in the bar you found me in. It’s a nightclub angels who just fell usually go to for that first taste of humanity. I do have a couple of other locations too, but –”
Castiel wants to take a shower, but he decides to do it alone. He feels he’s emotionally raw and naked, torn apart and rebuilt, and he needs both a second to himself and a moment away from Dean’s distracting face. Dean lets him go without hesitation, which makes Castiel happy for some reason, but the instant the water starts pattering on his skin he feels regret. Kissing Dean under the shower has become one of his favorite things, and to have him now as not only a one-night-stand, but a —
Dean’s craftiness makes up for what he lacks in tent-erecting, and by the time the sun sheds its last rays through the leaves, they’re done. Castiel builds a fire in a spot that someone had used for the same purpose earlier, and it’s easy for him now. Back when he started traveling, it’d take him an unflatteringly long time to strike fire with his flint and steel. He didn’t expect to learn all of this while on his journey, and he’s not sure how he’ll return to the life he had.
Castiel huffed, obviously amused, and walked to a corner with two chairs around a table. Dean took a seat while Castiel went to get a bowl of water to set in between them. Then, he unceremoniously reached out a hand for Dean to take.
“Alright, let me just,” Castiel continued and there was a sound of the phone being dropped on a hard surface. He could still very well hear the conversation on the other end of the line – Castiel reprimanding Gabriel for still being there, even though he'd very much overstayed his welcome, followed by some arguing over schedules and the sound of a door.
Embers glowing in the fireplace paint a picture of clothes scattered all over the floor. Christmas lights on the tree blink on and off once more, as if to signal the surrounding lake that Christmas is officially over. Last call.
When Anna returns to the front, Castiel turns off the heat and combines the onions with the minced meat. He frowns at his hands while they go through the motions, thinking back to when he started working for Anna. He had learned to cook from their mother, but that had been the first time he’d really had to put his skill to good use; suddenly, he’d had to cook not only for customers of the restaurant but for elderly citizens all around Boston. All of his fears of not being good enough vanished soon — not that he’d received fanmail, but at least there wasn’t any increase in complaints.
“Of course,” he admits.
”Hm? What does that mean?”
“I don’t know. We got in an argument.”
“Huh?”
“Of course I won’t, silly,” Dean hums. His voice is calming. Castiel can already think a little, so he starts to wonder what set off his attack in the first place.
There’s music coming from outside the bedroom door and for a moment, he just listens to it. He can’t quite place where he’s heard the song before or who’s performing it, but it’s easy-going enough to enjoy right now.
Ruby shivers. “Oh, ew. I’m sorry you have to hunt from that pool of assholes.”
He frowns. “A star? As in an actual celestial orb thing? No, for fuck’s sake, I’m not a star.”
“What’s up?”
“Are you going to listen to my apology or not?”
“I mean – I still can’t promise –”
He’s pacing back and forth.
“Hmm, you were admitted in the night. I’ll have to see who our night nurse was. I only just got here, so I’m sorry, I can’t tell you anything else yet.”
Little did she know…
Dean dodged the accusation. It was far from the truth but he couldn’t exactly say he felt his heart break a little just now. Why did he have to feel so- so intensely?
“You can always count on the sweet relief of death if nothing else is going your way,” Castiel says and winks.
“Aren’t we done?”
And there was nothing about the whole scenario that didn't scream date. Still, he was uncertain about the nature of their encounter. What if Castiel wanted this to be a date? What if he didn't? What did Dean want?
“That’s one of the reasons I prefer the company of males,” Bartholomew continued, “most males don’t flaunt their stuff.”
”Why do you care?”
His sentence cuts of in a whimper, because Dean unceremoniously takes him into his mouth. Castiel hits the mattress with the palm of his free hand, letting out a string of simultaneous praises and curses, and if his head was swimming before, now it’s in for a whole underwater rollercoaster. Dean’s lips close around his length, and he gives him a couple of slow, deliberate sucks before swirling his tongue along the tip. Each of Castiel’s breaths comes out heavy, as if air is constantly knocked out of him, and he could come in seconds from this alone. He loves the feeling of Dean’s mouth, and breath, and the grounding grip of his hand. Whenever there’s a solid enough moment in his thought flow, he reminds himself that he’s allowed to have this, allowed to enjoy himself, allowed to do this now.
He recalls the last time they performed like this, and how he met Dean right before, just after James left him feeling defeated. Things have changed so much since then. Even without looking, he can feel Dean’s eyes on him, and while he feels flustered about the intensity of his attention, it also pumps some confidence into his system. Towards the end of the first song, he’s already feeling courageous enough to take a solo song next.
He comes close and kisses Castiel, after which he sighs in a way that makes it perfectly clear that he doesn’t exactly know what kind of a mess he’s found himself in, either.
With a final kiss, they leave the safety of their hiding place.
“How are you feeling?” Dean asks gently, and Castiel buries his face in his hands. Dean huffs out a laugh and climbs on top of him on all fours. “Castiel, look at me.”
“I have to tell you something,” he said, “I think I owe you that.”
It’s two verses into the song when he realizes the lyrics are also an apt description of how he thought he felt with Bart. It’s two verses into the song when he realizes he hasn’t thought of Bart during the song at
”Then it's mandatory you join us. If you want to hide afterwards, fine. I'll wrap you up in a cosy blanket.”
He’s tired and he wants to hide in his cave. He wants to wait for the next seasons of Jane to come out on Netflix, then gather dust and grow old as he watches them over and over.
”Hello, Dean. Come see the fireworks with us”, the man said and his voice seemed almost… pleading? ”As a thank you.”
Castiel has a question, but he’s suddenly hesitant. They walk across the slowly ascending side of the hall, and he tastes the question in his tongue — this could anger Rowena, and set their blossoming acquaintanceship on a wrong course.
“Of course. Sorry.”
Castiel keeps his eyes closed and tries to catch his breath while Dean puts on a condom. Then, he feels warm palms on his knees as Dean adjusts him a little before he slowly starts pushing himself in. Castiel doesn’t know what to take a hold of — he bangs his fists on the mattress, grabbing fistfuls of sheets, and realizes he’s not quiet, no, not at all — has he ever been loud before? Does that even matter?
“We need to get spices, mostly,” Castiel says to ground both Dean and himself, “Anna, my sister and the owner of the restaurant I work in, is adamant about getting them fresh from a market.”
”You talked some nonsense about crayons at the aquarium. What was that?”
“You’re in your head,” Dean says. He’s taken a seat on the edge of his bed, on top of the duvet, still fully clothed. Castiel is standing in front of him, and they’re still holding hands.
”I want you to understand that I’m not asking you this because I think you’re incapable in some way. I don’t want you to take this question the way you take the questions asked by Amanda, or by someone else on the board of directors, because this is coming from a different place altogether.”
Castiel doesn’t want to tell anyone what’s going on; they hadn’t talked about it, but he assumes a high-class man such as Dean Winchester wouldn’t want to be associated with this kind of activity.
“Alright, from over here, this is Charlie, Dorothy, Kevin, Jo, and Balthazar,” Rowena says, gesturing to each person as she says their name, “We’re one short, though. Where’s Jess?”
“I love you, Castiel Novak,” he whispers, and for a fleeting moment Castiel is afraid it’ll continue with
“And eventually, the vet would have to put them down anyway, since they couldn’t stay at the office for good. That’s where we came in.”
“Where are you?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Ask your friends, they all think I’m a decent guy.”
“No, boss,” he sighs. “Are you coming to work?”
“We're not making this a political issue,” Dean says, “although, you have to admit it's a factor you have to consider when people disrespect you.”
Charlie has made herself known. She’s told Castiel she misses him and that he should make his way home, since it’s taco day and he’ll love her tacos. She hasn’t asked where Castiel’s been, mostly because it should be obvious, but Castiel appreciates the gesture nonetheless.
“Cas,” he says, his voice surprisingly composed given the situation. “May I touch you?”
How uplifting.
The house is obviously stunning. Built in 1901 for upper-class citizens, it's currently considered a landmark and under the city protection. Inside, it's divided in four sections each with their own essentials for living; kitchens, bathrooms, fireplaces, and multiple bedrooms.
“Both. And it was just as horrible.”
Castiel glances at the clock. Half past two. Apparently, not even his therapist is a healthy sleeper.
But it’s as if Dean is the actual sun, far too bright and far too radiating -- and instead of being the moon, Castiel is an insignificant, dull grain of sand on a beach in Malibu. He can look at him and long for him as much as he wants, but the light of Dean would never fully reach his heart.
It wasn't like Dean was suddenly and completely healed after his realization of starting to live again. Both lights and sounds still felt overwhelming to say the least – he even had to take some steps back to admire from further away. Castiel never left his side. Instead, he gave Dean's knuckles a single kiss during the grand finale of the show, unknowingly making sure Dean's head stayed high up in the clouds.
. It was the day.
At first, Castiel’s not sure what he can gather from a strip show. The reason Balthazar chose this for  their first place is because during later hours, the booths would be full enough for them not to see clearly. Now, only a couple of daytime pedestrians had tumbled into the darkened rooms.
Castiel groans and tucks on the tablecloth. It’s perfectly straight, unlike his thoughts right now. The guests are just around the corner, the captain is ready to set sail, and their equipment has found its rightful place on the stage. It’ll be a bit longer before they’d start playing — first, the microphone would be used for a welcome speech, and after that the first course of food would arrive.
“You do? I mean. Uh. Sure, I guess,” Dean mutters, stabbing his waffles exaggeratedly. Castiel considers his reaction in silence.
And just stay there.
The words come out in a blur. Dean hums.
“I’ll take this guy home,” she says. “Do you have a number that we can call if something comes up?”
As soon as he turned around to leave, Dean’s hand was on his shoulder. “Hey, uh. We should talk, right?”
Since someone has made their way to his door at this hour, it’s only polite to answer. He lazily gets up from the balcony that’s bathed in twilight hues and makes his way back inside. He finds Charlie at the door, and she’s not alone — she’s with Gilda, Balthazar, Eileen, and of all people, Sam Winchester.
“Would you like to do that now?”
“No, I’m not,” Balthazar stops Kevin, “I’m talking about Castiel, who has to practice his performance and manage most of the stuff, and Meg, who deals with bartender stuff, and me, who handles the wings, and Eileen who now handles a signature drink.”
“Sydney, Australia?”
is not exactly a good thing to say to your client, right?
Dean raises his hand and they high-five gently, intertwining their fingers afterwards.
”You'll have to pay for my therapy, too, but sure, sure. I'll come with your lovely family.”
“It’s important to stay up to date with education, Dean.”
She groans and grabs her keys. Castiel gets up, as if to beg her not to leave angry. She knows that already.
“Well, that I have to disagree with. You’ve had your fair share of demons.”
Castiel silences him with another kiss, which Dean answers with new-found fervor. Instinctively, Castiel shifts his weight, gaining more areas of proximity and making it possible for him to almost-accidentally and all-too-gently press his leg against Dean’s groin. Dean wraps his fingers around Castiel’s wrists, and Castiel can feel the anticipation all over his body.
Castiel is ready to throw his phone to the nearest wall, but it buzzes again
“No,” he interrupts Kevin, “I don’t know where we’re headed, although as you already know I’m not looking for anything romantic. I want my friend back, and right now it seems like that’s exactly what’s going to happen.”
Dean sighs and stretches his head further back. Castiel hates himself, but takes a look anyway – lets his eyes caress his beautiful jawline, the delicate skin under his ears and how his Adam’s apple bobs when he swallows. Castiel could just reach out and touch him.
Castiel turned his gaze to Dean, tilting his head a little. “Is it?”
Castiel notices himself scooting closer on instinct; the feeling burning in the back of his mind is quickly turning from anger to something completely different – a desire to hold, to have, to keep.
“Hmm, that might be. I personally know him, though, so if there’s trouble, just holla at me.”
“Oh my god,” Dean says, and for the first time, his voice is full of emotion that isn’t sadness or nonchalance. “She’s the best chef I’ve ever met. Her burgers are to die for. Wait-”
”Yeah?”
“I think we’re ready. Alright, you need to start singing whenever I give you the sign, okay? That’s how we’ll time perfectly with the fireworks at midnight. Some will be lit from the beach a bit further away, and some from the rear of the ship.”
It’s James.
Their main product, loose tea, is placed in glass jars and packages. They have their own blends they pack in various-sized bags, and they change with seasons, holidays, and city events. Sometimes, they have honorary blends and sometimes Castiel just feels like making something out of nothing. That’s how the Daily Blend was originally born. He’s happy to know that his employees have carried on the tradition, and even put a couple drops of essential oil on the plaster diffuser by the door. It's a good thing he's built over the years -- and since today's people are ready to pay a little extra for service, uniqueness, and quality, they are doing well.
“That would ruin the fun. Okay, I don't want to come off as a Scrooge of any sort, but all my family left this building and I spend most of my time alone. We used to have these grand parties where there'd be all my family and friends, and even though it was enjoyable, my mother tended to force it until it wasn't funny anymore.”
Dean lets out a long exhale before carefully choosing his words. “I… I once dated someone with anxiety disorder. I had to find out stuff about that. I… It’s hard. It can be really, really consuming and hard to handle.”
“I could’ve done it myself.”
“Well, we know his identity so if you want, I can tell you. There’s an upcoming investigation of his other crimes, so that I’m unfortunately not allowed to tell you yet.”
“No, I didn't mean princesses are weak, Meg. Or that women are princesses. Or that women are weak. Or demanding. Old habits die hard.”
“Nah, before. I’ve got some grade A whiskey in here.”
“See, Cas,” Dean said proudly, “I’m a shithead.”
All of his colleagues are waiting for him in the little van when he exits the double doors of the hospital. They gesture him to come in, and smiles at the sight of them as he does. Kevin and Eileen pack themselves in the back, and Castiel takes a seat next to Meg in the front.
— half awake, half asleep, and his brain is merely trying to start dreaming. However, when Castiel’s under stress beyond his capabilities, he mostly sees things getting out of proportion. A foolish way for his brain to address how things are getting out of hand, maybe, but he can’t help his rising anxiety levels whenever this happens.
“Wow, did I say you weren’t? I don’t think I did.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, smirking, “you’re not spending another second without that on.”
“Well, almost. We need to wrap this up nicely in a way that pisses off as little people as possible. We don’t want anyone to dramatically swim to the shore.”
All he wants to do is sneak back into bed with Dean, exchange lazy morning kisses that possibly taste all hung-overy and gross, and let the rays of the morning sun catch the smiles on their faces and pretend there’s no world besides their bed. He wants to get up late in the afternoon to watch reruns that happen to be on TV, and order in, and never get up from where they’re sitting on each other’s arms.
A silence on the line. For a moment, Castiel lets himself think about how it had sounded when Dean had called his name last night. Shivers run down his back.
“Well, that’s true, of course,” Sam says, a frown of concentration forming on his face, “that should count for something. I guess we’ve done something right, at least.”
“It’s their favorite story. Some poor kids become successful through hard work.”
They arrive up on the top deck, and Balthazar casually leans against the railing at the front. The boat is docked for now, but Castiel can very well imagine how awesome it’s going to look out at sea. It seems to be a clear day ahead, and that’s really helpful — if all of the people were forced to stay indoors at all times, they would suffocate fast.
She closes her eyes to bask in the orange glow of the sun. Charlie follows her example immediately.
Dean clears his throat and rubs the back of his neck, and straightens himself before sitting down on the couch.
“This is- Is this your party?”
“Right, well. What’s going on?”
“Cas, no,” Dean says. His voice has gone from threatening to broken in less than a second. Castiel turns to him, and takes both his hands.
“I can understand that.”
“You don’t pay attention to much but yourself, do you,” he huffs. “I was right here. You’ve gotten rusty.”
”Seems like it's just you and me in this party,” Chuck sighed. His feet seemed restless and he kept on checking his phone.
“Hey Castiel. You do realize it’s Saturday? You do realize you need to be at the garden, arranging things?”
Castiel nods and collects the remainders of his courage to ask for one more thing. “If I can do it as your boyfriend.”
Dean contemplates this for a while, then shakes his head.
The man crosses his arms, switches weight from one foot to the other, and bites his lip. His nervousness is a little annoying.
Castiel hums in agreement. “I can see that. Please, answer her question.”
”Okay. Uh,” the boy hesitates for a while before sighing and sliding a card into Castiel’s hand, ”contact me if you need me again.”
“I need you to know that all of this makes sense to me. I’ve never been effortlessly smart, so I’ve had to read a lot of books I didn’t want to. I know how to do that stuff, but it doesn’t mean I couldn’t understand your situation.”
His voice was loud enough to break the ether, and Castiel acted on impulse – he was out of the car in an instant, storming off to the opposite side of the road. It was bare minutes since the landscape had finally opened up to some views of mountains. They were gradually traveling upwards and although this wasn’t nearly as high as they could eventually go, the view from the side of the road and down from the ledge was impressive. Lower down, spring was in full bloom and it was gently climbing up the sides of the mountains.
James doesn’t answer anymore. Castiel flops face first into his mattress and tries to keep his crying quiet; he doesn’t want Charlie and Gilda making their way in here now. He feels heavy, and alone, and broken beyond repair; his limbs are numb and he’s too tired to panic. How much longer until things start to get better? He’s not sure how much more he can stand.
“There’s something peculiar about a human-made drink called Halo,” the man muses. “First of all, halos are not golden.”
“What’s up with Winchester?” she whispers. Balthazar immediately catches up and starts playing a drumbeat that drowns out any sound, giving them a short time window of privacy.
“I said you were being unreasonable when you were just worried for me.”
It's no use to dwell on these thoughts. Unless the world suddenly decides to end or otherwise force him out, he won’t budge. He has made this space for himself, and he isn’t planning to leave it. There are episodes unwatched -- he isn't at all content with Jane The Virgin choosing Michael over Rafael, but as long as they aren't married, there's still something to be done about the matter. Unlike Castiel's own life, in the family of Villanueva everything is in constant motion.
that's the clearest shade of blue he'd ever seen in anyone's eyes.
”Who says I'm a good person?”
Castiel's mouth twitched, but it was as if he was determined not to smile.
”, he said, ”now, listen to me. I know how much of your energy this thing takes. I know you're not even beginning your long way through all of the mess you've left unattended but eventually that's going to be in front of you. Please tell me you knew that.”
“Are you pretending you don’t like him?”
Dean is someone he doesn’t want to be thinking about at all — he’s the guy who just told Castiel that his anxiety sucks and he doesn’t want to have anything to do with it. Or something like that.
“You’re swearing, Dean,” Castiel hums. God, the reaction he’s getting out of someone who’s usually more composed, and businesslike, and way out of his league to begin with is going to be the end of him.
“I don’t like it,” Dean swallows around a sudden lump in his throat, “personal space, Cas.”
“Hello,” she calls from the hallway, and Castiel gets on his feet with a groan. They meet in the kitchen, as usual, and Eileen shoots a pitiful smile at him.
Castiel looks up at him again, his jaw clenching. He squints and tilts his head again. “Okay. I’ll tell you.”
Bartholomew had said anxiety disorder was a trendy, modern diagnosis, and that Castiel was generally too happy for depression. He’d suggest Castiel should put the little amount of personal stuff he had left in storage, and get a light therapy lamp. Castiel had felt misunderstood, even though he was too willing to please Bart to actually say it out loud, but it had started a wedge between them before December.
he says.
Castiel is afraid James is going to make him wait but instead, the OK is instant. He sighs, puts on a kettle and chooses green tea for a change.
Castiel opens his eyes and glances around in the white room. He would know a room like this anywhere.
“Want to talk about those?”
He frees his hands from Castiel’s and lifts one of them into their line of sight. He opens the wristwatch with his teeth and lets it fall on the floor with a thud, revealing a delicate, black band underneath.
“You don’t have to say anything. It’s a lot to dump on anyone, especially when you know I don’t… the whole sex thing…”
”I am aware of that, Dean. And I’m thankful you’re here now. It’s like I’ve lost my… essence in a way. My well is dry. I’m exhausted.”
“I could’ve told you that,” Castiel answers dryly.
Castiel presses his fingertips into  Dean’s hips and slowly brings them closer together. He lets his other hand slide under Dean’s boxers, palming his ass lightly and then with more fervor; he’s winding himself up fast just thinking how beautiful Dean is inside and out, and how he’s allowing himself to have this.
”That is correct,” Amanda hums and straightens. ”You have until Monday, Castiel. After that, I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Thank you. Just a heads-up, the Winchesters might be coming as well. I’ll call them next.”
As soon as Castiel starts mashing the potatoes, he feels shivers run down his spine. Instinctively he looks around, only to see he’s still alone. He raises his hand to his forehead to see if he’s coming down with a fever that’d explain the ongoing chills, but feeling nothing alarming he turns back towards his food. However, the more he thinks about the situation and his surroundings the more he feels like he’s being watched.
“That’s what it seems like, yes,” Dean says. “Nice to meet you. I hope you’ll charm Castiel with your food today, because it’s his expertise I trust more than my own.”
“Well, currently, I’m of no value. I’m sitting on my bathroom floor, not exactly providing for society. I think today’s society needs heroes more than ever and instead I’m here, unable to leave the house for long.”
When they part, they’re in each other’s arms, leaning their foreheads together, breathing the same air. Dean tries his hardest to keep his knees from buckling, but fails eventually and that breaks the little bubble of seriousness – Castiel all but laughs and steps backwards.
“The wings, yes.”
On December 31st of 2010, Emilie had felt nauseated and full after all the binge eating that'd been going on for a week. Dean had decided to take his beautiful wife-to-be for a walk by the sea before they'd entertain some friends from the office they'd built together. They had settled on their mutual New Year's resolutions of finally tying the knot in June, finishing the patio on their newly built house and getting deeper into their hobby of squash they'd started the year before. It was a good year for lovers of snow and during the holidays, they too had gotten a little silly in the white-cold blankets of frozen rain. All in all, it seemed like the whole world had, after a lot of messing around in Dean's past, finally fallen into place.
And uneasy was putting it lightly – if he would've been true to himself, he'd be shaking and crying already.
Was he serious about his statement or was he trying to impress himself by being a strong person, he didn't know. But Castiel didn't let go.
”See, Cas,” he claps his hands together and brings them to his lips, shutting his eyes for a long, long while. ”I love you. You’re the craziest, weirdest, best thing that has ever happened to me. I can’t deny I didn’t ever think whether I’d feel more towards you and it might be that I do, you know? But I’ve thought this through on a sleepless night. I can’t risk our friendship. I can’t lose you, damnit!”
The ring has been dormant for a long time, so he hasn't consciously thought about
“Apparently you’re going to talk. So go ahead. But there was no accident. I fucking checked. I thought something had happened, because I was childish enough to think that would be the only reason why you didn’t show.”
Castiel can feel his personal phone vibrate in his pocket, and he briefly thinks about James and how he’s probably been awake for hours now, missing him. He wants to tell him how Charlie appeared out of nowhere and how glad he is to meet his friend — but then reconsiders, because that would imply that Castiel favors surprise meetings in general, and James would take advantage of that.
“I didn’t know before that, Cas, I promise. She told us that and suddenly all the pieces came together. She and Sam were talking and I started staring at your heart rate monitor, feeling it echo against my skin in an identical rhythm and then I just...knew.” He shakes his head in shame and shrugs. “I think ‘James’ might have seemed dismissive of you recently because I was so worried about, well,
Castiel nods again, and grabs the collar of Dean's jacket to pull him closer and plant a firm, reassuring kiss on Dean's lips. They stand still for a while, until Dean pulls Castiel closer by placing a hand on the small of his back. They work together effortlessly, learning and exploring each other's lips and mouths, and getting to know each other again on a level that was both so much more and exactly the same than before.
“I get it. I’m tiresome.”
Castiel frowns, considering. “Are you used to traveling by foot?”
would the underestimation of a lifetime.
“Wow,” Dean said, mildly dubious, “what’s up with you? I can see you deflating more every second.”
“Ah, you’ve stopped,” Balthazar says, squinting his way.
Kevin outdid himself with the decorations. There are classy whites and blues and reds, but instead of demanding, bright primaries, they’re muted — tablecloths match the curtains and light-up centerpieces match the flowers. They’ll look impressive when they’re up.
Using the information he got from Sam, he arrives on the top floor and knocks on the door on the left. It takes a while for Dean to come to the door, but when he does, he looks like he’s been waiting impatiently anyway.
Charlie takes another sip of her drink, and then another. She looks out the window, obviously deep in thought.
“Cas,” he whispers, and places a little kiss right next to Castiel’s mouth, “We’re alright. We’re in no hurry. I’ve got you.”
“Eventually. Why am I in the hospital?”
Castiel’s not silly — he already knows how the situation played out in reality. He feels like a jerk for purposefully misunderstanding the situation just so he could get offended.
