“I’m sorry,” Tony said, “It’s just the perfect Christmas Eve. And,” Tony shrugged as much as he could while laying across Steve, “it’s just, it seems crazy that I have this now and I love it. I love you. And our little family. Even Bucky, God help me.” Tony cracked a smile saying that so Steve let himself laugh.
“You’re going to have to unhook your feet from behind my back so I can sit us down, Bubba.” Tony dropped his legs down by Steve’s sides without a word and Steve sat down slowly.
Bucky smiled. “Hey, kiddo.” Bucky lifted the boy out of Steve’s arms when Steve offered him up. Indy threw his arms around Bucky’s neck and hugged tight. Bucky kissed the side of Indy’s head that he could reach with his lips.
Bucky shrugged. "I don't blame you if you never want to even speak to him again. But, for what it's worth, he is genuinely sorry. He hates himself for what he did to you, it's eating him up." Tony wanted to reply 'good,' but he thought better of it. "He has nightmares about it."
“Thanks,” he whispered. Clint said good bye to both men and with that they left. Happy stood up next.
Tony sat back to relax, preparing for the trip back to the tower which would take them a couple hours, adjusting the baby so she was facing him chest to chest but still sitting on his lap. He brought his hand up to cup her head, running his thumb across the hairs there soothingly. “You’re going to be okay now, baby girl. I promise. We don’t know who your dad is yet but either way I’m going to be here for you no matter what, okay? You’re safe now.” She patted her hand against his stomach and tried to move her head to look up at him. He picked her up to hold her higher against his chest and she held her head back to make eye contact. “Hi,” he said happily. She smacked his lips with her hand. “Ow,” he said jokingly and then kissed her cheek. She let out a little chirp at that and her eyes widened. “No one ever kissed you before, huh?” He said sadly. He kissed her again on her forehead, keeping his lips there and trying not to cry. After a minute she whined and pulled her head back to look at him again. “I’m still here, sweet pea,” he said as he smiled at her.
Victor Graves, the man the captors wanted back, had been successfully taken away from Shield transport and was now being held by Coulson and Clint at an undisclosed location that they assured Steve was absolutely secure. They were waiting on their next set of instructions.
"You can stay sitting there near it if it makes you feel better or there's a sofa over there," Tony gestured behind him. Bucky didn't move, apparently making his decision. Tony continued to tinker with the metal appendage. "FRIDAY can you do a full scan of this so I can get the internal schematics?"
“Yes a picture for Santa,” he agreed, grabbing the box of crayons and taking out a green one. He began scribbling up and down one side of the paper.
“Hi. Steve Rogers. And yes, this is Indy. Sweetheart, can you say hi to Ms. Scott? She came to hang out with us for a bit.”
“Hey,” Steve called after him. “Some things are way more convenient nowadays and I like that.” He shrugged even though Tony wasn’t in the room. “I’m picking the movie then.”
A short while later there was the sound of an explosion, muffled from the cement walls of the room they were in but it still made Bucky snap to attention and little Tony lift his head groggily from Bucky’s chest. He hoped it was the Avengers.
“Come on, messy boy,” Steve picked him up. He grabbed the llama that was tucked into the seat next to Indy before the boy could protest but he held it himself so it didn’t get food all over it. “Time to get cleaned up.” Indy looked over his shoulder as Steve walked down the hall to the bathroom.
“I bet I know what the other one is,” Tony said and Steve laughed. He pulled the other box out and held it in front of Indy. It was, of course, the Steve Rogers/Captain America unmasked Pop. “That’s Papa.”
“Sure is. It’s almost time though so I’m going to take Poppy and you let Bucky help you get ready, okay? You’ve got the most important job here today.” Indy nodded, suddenly very serious. His ring bearer job was something that none of them could have predicted he would be so intense over.
“We know, Buck. It’s okay,” Steve assured. “We have to start looking in to this now though. If there’s more out there or even just the one we have to find them.”
“You know he was brainwashed,” Steve began carefully. “It’s Hydra’s fault, Tony. Not his.” Tony stared at him for an uncomfortable beat until Steve broke eye contact.
“You did something bad,” Steve corrected sternly. “You’re not bad. So, what do you have to say about how you acted?”
“Oh, they’re not both for him. I said he could pick out something for himself, something for Tony and then we’d all get some snacks and drinks. You wanna tell Papa which is for you and which is for Daddy?” Pepper ruffled his hair.
“Here,” Bucky said, reaching into the bag and pulling out a small cardboard children’s book. “This isn’t the gift. I found this in the bottom of my backpack. Forgot it was in there, but I had picked it up at a store after I first found Indy. He liked to look at the pictures and I read it to him a couple times. You can have it now,” he pushed it across the counter to Steve. “It’s about a llama. He seemed to love it so when I saw this yesterday when I went out, I had to get it.” He pulled a small llama plush out of the bag. It was about the size of Bucky’s hand when he held it out for Steve and Tony to see, with soft, tan colored fur. Steve smiled.
“Yay!” Tony exclaimed on the way to the elevator. Steve laughed at Tony’s look of glee just because he got to put together baby furniture.
“I know. I know you do,” Steve said. “Once you feel a little better, okay?” Tony looked like he was about to burst into tears so Steve kept talking. “And I’ll stay here the whole time okay? And Indy will come visit. And when the doctor says its okay I’ll take you straight home, I promise.”
“I remember everything,” Tony finally replied softly. Steve opened and closed his mouth, not sure what that meant or what he should say. “Everything you did with me,” Tony clarified. Steve sat back on his heals.
“Yes,” the boy whined, turning away and squishing his face into Bucky’s shoulder. Steve shook his head, exasperated, but Bucky just waved it off. He bounced Indy a little to get him in a good position then slung the baby’s diaper bag over his shoulder. He texted Happy to meet him at the entrance then put his phone in his back pocket. Poppy was looking up at him expectantly from her spot next to Tony.
“Don’t you dare apologize,” Bucky said mock sternly. Tony smirked. “He’s going to fine,” he assured Tony.
Tony laughed and started to walk away. “You can do all the heavy lifting.” Steve loaded the bags back in to the cart and met Tony at the door. He had already text Happy so he was pulling up right as they exited the building. Steve and Happy put the bags in the trunk and Tony put Indy in his car seat.
"Oh come on, Tony. This is it, right here. The chance to say what you want and hear what he has to say."
“Okay, okay.” Tony spread his hands in surrender. Steve was trying to sit up so Tony helped maneuver Indy off to the side and Steve to sit up. He signed the papers quickly. “You’re going to listen to me and Bucky and Bruce though when we’re home. Got it? You’re still not at 100% and you need to take care of yourself.”
A few minutes later Indy came running back, dragging Bucky with him. “No look,” Indy yelled at them with a wave of his hand. Steve and Tony dutifully closed their eyes. They heard rustling and felt him put something on their laps. “Look,” he announced when he was ready. They each had a piece of red construction paper on their laps, a heart drawn on each in marker with the word Papa on Steves and Da on Tony’s, in Bucky’s handwriting. Around that Indy had taken over and drawn all over the whole paper in crayons.
Peter sniffled. “I’m not leaving til we get them back. I mean, it’s your home, I’ll leave of course if you want me to, but I’m not going to school or anything. I’m gonna keep an eye on them. And you,” he added. Steve tightened his hold.
“Still, there’s no rush here and I’m sorry I tried to make you do something you weren’t comfortable with.”
“Just hang here for a minute, okay?” Tony asked. Bucky nodded. Tony exited the room swiftly expecting to have to track his boyfriend down but Steve was right outside the door, sitting on the floor against the wall across the hallway, head in his hands. “Hey,” Tony called softly. Steve didn’t answer but Tony heard his breath catch like he was holding back tears. He slid down the wall next to Steve, shoulder to shoulder. “It’s a lot to take in, huh?”
“You were such a good boy while we were shopping,” Tony said, hoping to distract him as he brought the straps over Indy’s head.
“We need to run tests,” Fury was saying. “Figure out what was done to him.” Steve was already shaking his head.
“I’m okay, kid. Promise. And I brought your Papa with me, he’s sleeping back there but we can see him soon okay?” Bucky continued to talk to Indy and Clint walked over to Tony.
He was jolted awake by the feeling of something hitting him hard in the eye so he jumped out of bed on high alert, tripping over his tactical gear which he had stripped off before going to sleep, and looking around for the source. His attention was drawn back to the bed when Indy started crying softly. Right. He’d been sleeping with Indy.
“Oh. Jesus, Steve. You must have been uncomfortable this whole time you should have said something.” Tony grabbed a new wipe and started to clean off his thighs. Steve hissed when Tony continued on to his privates. Tony could see the redness there, looking a bit raw in spots and made a mental note to get him a cream for it. “I know it’s sore, I’m sorry. I think that’ll have to do for now, why don’t you lay on your stomach for a minute and I’ll check the back.”
"You would have to go through mandatory therapy sessions with a Shield therapist until they deem that you are no longer a threat. While you're doing that you can live here or Brooklyn, wherever you want. Once you're cleared you would be offered a place on the Avengers. If you wanted it. Your choice. There's options. You'd both have options now." He spread his hands as if to say that's all he could offer but Bucky could hardly believe how great it sounded. "Take as much time as you want to think it through and decide. The offer doesn't expire."
“Mm-hmm,” Steve nodded seriously and Tony laughed. He had changed into a pair of jeans and still had his shirt off. He made grabby hands at Steve.
Steve turned more toward Tony, picking his head up and pressing it to Tony’s shoulder instead. Tony put his hand on Steve’s knee and squeezed. “What are you thinking?” He felt Steve shrug. “Well, I can tell you I’ve never met anyone who I thought would be a better father.”
“I wasn’t sure how he’d be with all the attention but as long as he was with one of us he seemed okay,” Steve added.
They broke apart and looked over to see Luca laughing as Steve made the bear give him kisses all over his face. Steve looked up when he felt their gaze on him. He smiled at Tony.
Steve rolled his eyes. Indy had been very interested in helping take care of Poppy lately and playing with her to keep her occupied and happy.
“This is a snuggly blanket, buddy. We’re going to have to have lots of cuddles now,” Tony exclaimed.
“Hydra created this kid in a lab using one persons DNA, no mother, just machines and science.” Tony sighed.
Hi everyone! Sorry its been so long, real life got in the way but I still have some more ideas for this story..  This chapter is pretty short but it was just to get back into the swing of it.
Considering the outside of the building looked abandoned, the inside was about as high tech as it could get. They spread out so they could cover as much space as possible, subduing Hydra agents as they went, securing them and leaving them for the agents Shield sent along as backup to collect.
"Okay, I still need to tinker." Tony made grabby hands at the arm and Bucky took it off to hand it back. He started to walk away but slowed before he left the area completely. "Make yourselves at home. Like I said, your area's still all set up Steve but if there's anything else you need or want just ask FRIDAY."
"Tony, I do care. Every decision I made back then was wrong and I wish I could change things. It just seemed like everything was against me bringing Bucky home. I didn't want to fight but I didn't like the idea of the Accords and then Bucky was a wanted fugitive, I just wanted him to be safe, for once in his life and I was blinded by it. So, we ran, and I fought...I didn't know what else to do."
He ended up sitting in the waiting area of Shields medical ward, having arrived before Bucky and Steve and the rest of them. Indy sat on his lap, clearly anxious to see his Papa. Clint joined him shortly after, dropping in to the seat next to them.
“Can I walk you out Pepper?” He said his goodbyes and waited at the door. Pepper hugged Steve and Tony and then left as well.
“See you soon, Peanut.” Steve left without another word but Bucky came up behind Tony once the elevator doors closed.
“No, sweetheart. It’s not safe for kids. I need you to be a good boy and stay here.” He started crying and Tony scooped him up. “I know. I don’t wanna leave you but you love Bucky, you’ll be okay, huh?”
What seemed like hours later, though Tony had no real way to know, the man came back and announced it was one of Tony’s  twice a day bathroom breaks. He grabbed at the back of Luca’s onesie with one hand, bunching it up in his fist, and carried him over to the table that way, depositing him face down. Luca cried some more.
Tony had teared up and he didn’t feel Iike he could formulate a response so he pushed his seat back and launched himself at Steve who caught him in a big hug, holding him tight against him. He was still sitting so his head ended up against Tony’s chest and Tony had his cheek against the top of Steve’s head.  “I got you, it’s okay,” Steve murmured, feeling the tremors in Tonys body.
Tony stepped into Steve’s place and wrapped his arms around his waist, pulling him close. “Was he okay?”
“It’s okay, shh. I know you didn’t mean to do anything bad. It’s all over now. You’re okay.” He hugged him closer and Indy clung on tight. “You’re a good boy. Calm down, Tater Tot.” Tony tried to soothe him.
Natasha sighed. “Then go take a shower. How long as it been? And put on clean clothes. I won’t take no for an answer.” She looked at him as if daring him to argue. It had been two days since he last showered and even then he just jumped in and out so it did sound like a good idea, though he didn’t voice that.
True to his word, Happy was parked right there when the elevator opened in the garage. “Sir, Cap,” he greeted.
Once he felt like he could he pulled away and turned Indy next to him then held out the phone. “Smile, buddy.” Indy did and Bucky took the picture, turning it around to see and show the boy.  “Good one.”
Bruce gently took Luca off of Tony to get started on his care. Steve sat close to keep an eye on his son with Tony curled on his lap. He saw Bruce insert an IV into Luca to combat the dehydration and Luca squawked at the pinch. He was crying quietly, more of a soft, sad sound than his usual indignant cries when he wanted them to change or feed him immediately, and Steve ached to hold him.
“Can I,” Tony started but didn’t bother finishing his sentence. He tilted his body so he could place his head in Steve’s lap, bringing his feet up onto the cushion behind him.
“No!” Indy shouted louder this time. ‘No, please,” he sobbed.  He picked his legs up closer to his body so that they didn’t touch the water.
“Yup. Breakfast for lunch. We only had cereal earlier so I figured we’d have something good now. I have chocolate chips and blueberries. What do you think, Tater Tot?”
“He’s still asleep. Possibly unconscious from the meds, but he’s okay. Or, he’s going to be. They used some drug they formulated to work against the serum. So, he was weakened and disoriented. That’s how they were able to hold him. And it messed with his brain too, like whatever they told him he seemed to believe.” Bucky shrugged. “The doctor can explain it better. But, they told him while they had him hostage they stormed the tower and killed you and Indy. He believed it, like he was so sure no matter how many times I told him it wasn’t true.” Tony was crying. And he didn’t want to be but then he couldn’t stop. Bucky didn’t mention it. “When you were talking to him about your day that was the first spark of something I’d seen in him, like he finally gave himself permission to hope.” Tony nodded and he opened his mouth to say something but it caught on a sob and he covered his face with one hand, but he couldn’t calm down. “He’s going to be okay,” Bucky tried to comfort. “He’ll see you and Indy and he’ll be fine, that’s all he needs.” Bucky stepped forward like he wanted to do something to help but wasn’t sure what, and that was enough for Tony to drop his hand and fling himself at Bucky, throwing his arms around him and holding tight. Bucky was stunned for a moment but then snapped out of it enough to hug him back.
Bucky returned a little while later with Poppy bundled in her fuzzy footie pajamas. She wasn’t crying but she was huddled against her fathers chest with her hand resting up by her ear protectively.
Bucky nodded stiffly. Tony wasn’t exactly thrilled with the way he had handled the last location, no comms and taking out most of the Hydra agents on his own, only leaving one to bring back to drop in front of Steve for questioning.
“I tried to take Luca from him because he hasn’t put him down since they got back. It’s been over 24 hours. He slept with us, which is fine I wanted him close, too. He bathed with Tony. He won’t let me hold him, he won’t put him in his crib. I just told Tony that he should eat lunch and let me hold the baby and he got upset.” Steve shrugged. “I shouldn’t have pushed him. They’ve both been through a lot. I just want to hold my kid. But, I tried to take him off Tony’s lap and he told me to get out.” Steve wiped his eyes on the back of his sleeve. “I can’t lose them,” he muttered.
“Our room,” Tony replied sincerely.  Steve looked up at that, sighing, and closing the book on his lap. Tony walked to the end of the bed, hands in the pockets of his hoodie. “What I said about Indy. I didn’t mean it, Steve. You’re so good with him. You’re gonna be the best dad, I’m so sorry,” Tony said quickly.
Luca gurgled at his Dad on the screen as Tony waved and made faces at him. Steve entered the room and stepped up behind the sofa so he was in the camera’s view and smiled at his husband. “Hey you.”
Happy pulled out of the garage and started driving them to the nearest mall. Tony turned slightly in his seat so he could see Indy. “This isn’t so bad, is it?”  Indy was staring out of the window with a look of wonder that temporarily stopped the tears. Steve moved closer to him, leaning his face close to Indy’s while also looking out of the window.
“On it,” Tony replied immediately. Bucky stepped closer so he could see in the cot. It was indeed a child wrapped in a white blanket.
Tony came back in the room, closing the door behind him. “I found your friend,” he announced,  producing the little teddy bear from behind his back with a flourish. He threw himself on to his side of the bed, bouncing everyone a little, and placed the bear on Indy’s chest. “There you go.”
Steve sighed. “I wasn’t keeping it from you. He’s been home a week and this is the first time it’s been needed. I didn’t think of it before,” Steve answered trying to keep his voice even and calm.
“You did. You did something bad and now you’re lying about it,” Steve scolded. “Look at this.” He grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled it in front of him, knocking Tony a little off balance, and pulled up the sleeve. “He’s bruised because you hit him with a hammer. Look at what you did,” Steve yelled, a little frantically, when Indy wouldn’t look.
When Steve came back with Indy he entered the living room to see his boyfriend still cuddled with Poppy sound asleep.
Steve and Tony looked at each other. “You think there was some baby he was trying to protect before maybe? From Hydra,” Steve ventured.
-I should have reached out sooner. I sent the letter. But I should have called...I am sorry, Tony. And I miss you. But I know I almost killed you and there's no coming back from that. I don't expect you to ever forgive me, I just want the chance to explain this in person or at least on the phone so that you know how awful I feel about it. How much I regret everything.
“Hey!” He shouted over both of them. They both fell silent, though Tony was still crying. “What the hell happened?”
“So, I had Pepper speak to the lawyers and draw up some official paperwork for the kid,” Tony  announced as he entered the kitchen. Steve was at the stove heating up some soup for Indy’s lunch.
“Happy, Thank you. I’ll keep you updated. I’m just going to talk to Indy for one second.” He got out of the car in front of the hospital and pulled open the back door. He propped himself on the edge of the seat so he could face Indy at his level. “Hey. Look at me for a second.” He waited for Indy to look up. “I’m sorry I yelled at you. You’re dad is going to be okay buddy. He’s going to get the help he needs here.” Bucky sighed. “I’m going to help your Papa and once we’re all settled you can come back and see him, okay?” Indy was still crying quietly. “Okay?” Bucky repeated. Indy nodded. “I love you, kiddo.” Bucky leaned forward and kissed his forehead.
“You know, Tony, we’re friends so you can call me Steve I think.” Steve winked at him and Tony shyly turned his face into Bucky’s shirt.
Tony had been de-aged in an op 3 weeks ago and in that time Steve had been Tony’s primary caregiver. He wouldn’t deny that he had a brief moment of panic when he learned he’d be taking care of a 4 year old for the foreseeable future, a 4 year old who in his normal state was his boyfriend, but he didn’t think it had been going that bad, if he did say so himself.
“You wanna hold him?” Bucky asked as they climbed in the back of the jet. Steve looked nervous for a second but then nodded.
“I’m not going anywhere. Relax.” He squeezed Tony’s hand then released it, rubbing his thumb across the other mans fingers. Tony loosened his hold, but barely. He drifted off to sleep and managed to get an hour of rest in before a nurse came in to take his vitals and check his bandages. She asked Steve to get off the bed so she could access him easily so he complied, causing Tony a small panic attack in the process.
“Take risks in our job?” Steve finished for him. “Yeah, we do. And every time we go out and fight I pray that we get to come back home to our boy. But I’m not going out there looking for trouble unnecessarily, not anymore.” Steve had deflated slightly and now he just seemed disappointed. Tony wasn’t sure if that wasn’t worse. Steve raised his hand again and ran it over Tony’s arm lightly. “I’m sorry if that hurt,” he whispered. Tony shrugged.
“Can you tell Pete you love him?” Tony asked Luca.  “Wanna give him kisses?” Tony leaned Luca close to Peters face and the boy pressed a wet kiss to Peters cheek. He grimaced but smiled for the boy.
Bucky nodded. He twisted on his seat until he was facing the table so he could lean the elbow of his good arm on it and slump down a little. Tony patted him once briskly on his back and returned to the metal arm.
In the hallway, Tony reached out to take Poppy and gave her a hug and a kiss. “Goodnight Poppy seed.”  Steve leaned over to say his goodnight as well while Tony was still holding her and then he passed her back to Bucky.
“Why don’t I get set up so we can get to those puzzles?” She looked to Tony who showed her into the room and she took a place at the end of the table and began to unpack her duffle bag. “So, I think it would be best if just one of you stayed with him during the session.” Tony nodded.
“Da,” Indy greeted in a mumble, sounding extremely sleepy. Tony smiled and took the spot Steve vacated, sitting on the edge of the bed. He leaned over and kissed Indy’s forehead, staying close and whispering, “Goodnight, baby boy. I love you.” Indy reached up and wrapped his arms around Tony’s neck, keeping him close.
“Hey, can you guys look after Indy and the baby for a little while? Tony just called us down to the lab.”
“Sorry, I just freaked out because I didn’t think he should be thinking of me as his dad first, and then when that hit me I just lost it. I don’t know anything about parenting, Steve,” he insisted.
“Then Bucky came out to the waiting room to tell us your status at the hospital and I kind of had my own meltdown and I hugged him. And I cried on him. So, all in all, great day for me. He was nice about it. Whatever.” Tony huffed. Steve had a small smile on his face. He lifted his hand out of the water and grabbed Tony’s where it was currently cleaning his chest.
“Keep that on there,” Steve said, pushing the ice pack onto his arm because Tony kept moving it away.
“Thank you,” Indy said as he reached out and grabbed on to one of Tony’s fingers before he pulled his hand away. He tucked his bear in to the crook of his arm and grabbed one of Steve’s fingers as well in his other hand. “Night,” he told them, yawning as his eyes started to drift shut.
“Thanks,” Bucky replied before getting some for himself and Steve since he noticed the other man hadn’t given himself any. “You need to eat too, punk.”
Steve moved slowly along the length of shelf as Indy looked until the little boy tentatively pointed at one stuffed animal in particular.
“He was asking me to read what they say, I was wondering what he was doing. I didn’t realize it was apology chocolate,” Pepper laughed.
“I didn’t think I had any right to raise Indy either. I know our lives were different, but still. It seemed risky, and I had no experience with kids. I told Tony Captain America wasn’t a dad.
“Fine,” he replied, as he strode to his bedroom to get some clean clothes and then into the en-suite bathroom.
“Good, because I like Tony. I know that hurt and I’m sorry for that but you were a good boy and let it happen so thank you.”
“Baby’s my friend,” Indy said sadly. Bucky wasn’t sure what that meant but he pulled his phone out and dialed Steve’s number.
“That’s right,” Tony agreed. “She might want to try out that bed now, I think it’s getting past her bedtime,” he said giving Bucky an excuse to take her from Indy.
“Yeah, that’s my doll,” she said excitedly. “And this is my doggy,” she held up a brown stuffed dog. Bucky smiled at the interaction and saw who he assumed was the girls mother smiling at him from a bench nearby. He smiled and nodded politely but hoped Indy would lose interest quick.
“Natasha, call Fury and Coulson, tell them what’s happening and get them here now. We need to see if they know who these bastards are so we can get a jump on it.” She was already pulling out her phone but squeezed his shoulder once reassuringly. With orders issued and not much else to do Steve deflated. He slumped onto the sofa next to Bruce and stared at the screen as Tony spoke to their son, telling him to eat as much as possible, and even more heartbreaking, that Papa would save them soon. Steve swiped at the tears that formed in his eyes.
“Okay, baby. I’ll stay with you,” Tony conceded. Indy threw his arms around Tony’s neck and continued crying but some of the tension drained. He was mumbling something continuously but all Tony could hear against his neck was the occasional ‘da.’ “I need you to sit here for a minute while I talk to Bucky though.” He put Indy back in his seat and Indy protested but Tony didn’t give on this one. “I’m not leaving, but because of that I need to discuss something with Bucky. You’ll be able to see us but I need you to stay right here.” He put the llama in his arms from the table and grabbed Bucky’s forearm and pulled him into the kitchen.
“I feel the same. I know we’ve been a family for awhile now but this feels different. We are officially family now. In the eyes of everyone.” Tony nodded. “And there’s no one else I’d ever want to have a family with. It’s always been you Tony.”
Bucky wasn’t sure how long they’d been in this room. His watch, phone, all his gear had been stripped off of him. He was sure, after a through inspection, that the only way out would be through that door. He hoped one of their captors came soon so he could get a gauge as to what he was dealing with. He was pretty sure Tony had fallen asleep but he was pressed so close that Bucky couldn’t see his face. He had been quiet for awhile, his breathing slow and even. So Bucky kept pacing.
“Yes, your vote counts, but I think we need to ask the most important person in all this.” He reached out for his son who leaned in to his hold instantly. “We’re talking about your full name, buddy.”
Indy jumped off the bed and led the way to the living room. Bucky was sitting on the armchair near the tree with Poppy on his lap and Indy started to run towards him but stopped in shock when he saw the pile of presents under the tree.
“Well. You know how Dad adopted you? He already loved you but he had to fill out paperwork to make it official? So everyone would know he was your dad, right?” Indy nodded, sitting up now, and watched Steve interested. “It’s like that. Me and Daddy already love each other and we’re a family, but this makes it official.”
“Yeah, this one can be yours if you want it, buddy.” Bucky crouched down to his level. “Did you want a boy or a girl?” He pulled one of each off the shelf and showed Indy.
Tony settled more firmly against him once he was assured that Steve wasn’t moving. “Love you,” Tony said into Steve’s neck.
Once in the elevator Tony leaned his weight against Steve’s side and Steve put his arm around him pulling him close. He heard Tony sniffle, still upset over their conversation and in that moment Steve realized what had to happen.
“Look who’s here, Indy,” Tony said, still trying to wipe the tears away and look presentable. Indy turned his head.
“You are,” Steve insisted immediately. “Never doubt that, Tony.” Tony shrugged his shoulder that wasn’t smushed into the sofa.
“Well, you’re welcome anytime, you know that. You’re a good big bro.” Peter blushed at that and shrugged. Steve leaned into him.
Tony returned from where Indy had been watching a cartoon with the small boy in his arms. “There’s Papa,” he announced as he handed Indy over to Steve. Steve took him but the Indy was already leaning towards the other man in the room.
“I agree,” Steve added quickly. “And I am sorry, Tony. About everything. About today. About your parents. You have every right to be upset.” Tony stepped back then sat next to Steve on the end of the bed. “Indy wanted to say goodnight to you tonight.”
“It’s okay. Santa came, come here.” Steve picked him up and brought him closer to the tree as Tony followed. “You were such a good boy this year that Santa thought you deserved some nice things. And there’s something from Papa and Daddy. And I think Bucky and Poppy got you a gift too.”
“No, I’ll stay here if you’re okay.” Tony unzipped the hoodie and lifted his shirt then took Luca from Pepper and held him to his chest. Once Luca latched on Tony relaxed.
Bucky was already shaking his head. He stood abruptly, cradling her closer, and stepped away from the sofa putting space between himself and the doctor. “No,” he mumbled, shaking his head again.
Steve stood Indy up on the counter and pulled the pajamas off the rest of the way. He checked in the waistband of Indy’s diaper and it was only damp not dirty so he pulled the tabs and took the diaper off of him while Indy still stood there, balling it up and throwing it in the trash. He gave him a quick wipe with a baby wipe to get the worst off. “Ok, sweetheart, in we go.” Steve picked him up and Indy’s cries picked up in volume.
Tony groaned. “Ugh, you’re so annoying sometimes,” he whined, but Steve could see he was giving in and smiled at him. Tony sat down on the arm of the sofa next to Steve. “He just, he told me he hated me,” Tony mumbled softly. “Doesn’t matter, he’s a kid. He was mad.” Tony was shaking his head.
“Blue bear like Papa,” he said, holding the bear out to Tony. Tony slowly raised his hand and Steve could tell it was hard for him but he managed to grab the bear.
Tony's hand subconsciously made its way to rub at his chest where the shield had been slammed into him 6 months prior. -Are you in New York? Tony replied.
Steve smiled softly and reached over to squeeze his friends shoulder. “I think he’s in the communal kitchen, I’ll go see if he can take a look.” Steve left the room and Tony leaned over so he was pressed against Bucky’s shoulder. Bucky turned Poppy so she was leaning back in his arms and Tony could see her face.
“Steve,” Natasha called gently as she approached. Peter stayed against his chest but Steve looked up at her. “Clint and I are going to go meet with Coulson. No Fury. He’ll work with us, trust me.” Steve nodded.
“He’s not going near Shield. Bruce will run whatever tests we need and we will figure this out. We’ll keep you updated, but Tony is not going to be put in Shields hands,” Steve said sternly. He could feel Tony’s fingers dancing up and down his back as Tony amused himself, ignoring the rest of the room.
“Hey, it does matter. No one wants to hear that even if you know it’s not true. I hope you do know it’s not true.” Steve ducked his head trying to catch Tony’s gaze from where he was seated slightly higher than Steve.  Tony nodded minutely. “Why was he mad?”
“Hey, calm down, one second,” He finished and came back around the wall. “I’m here, it’s okay, see?” He washed his hands quickly and then picked Indy up and sat him on the counter. He ran his hand through the little boys hair, the other hand keeping him steady on his waist. “You’re okay, huh? Ready to get changed?” He laid Indy down on the counter and made quick work of the diaper considering he’d never changed one before. He taped down the tabs of the new diaper and pulled the boys pajama pants back on. “I am a genius, huh?” He asked tickling the boys stomach before picking him up. Indy laughed and clapped once, making Tony smile.
“You wanna put your llama there?” Tony asked and Indy nodded. “Okay, let’s find where we left him.” He assumed it was still on the bathroom counter so he went there only to find Steve with his hands on the counter, head down, looking pretty upset. He didn’t let Indy notice that and he cleared his throat so Steve could be prepared to see Indy. “There he is, Peanut. Right where we left him. Just getting his llama, Cap.” Tony handed the llama to Indy who hugged it tight and Steve successfully avoided eye contact with his boyfriend.
“Here, you carry him so I can carry the armor.” Steve passed the boy over. The Iron Man armor was discovered in the building before they had found Bucky and Tony by Natasha and Steve. He had dragged it into the Quinjet to take with them. Now, he hoisted it up and over on to his shoulder and  lead the way down the ramp.
“No,” he said a second later, shaking his head. “No, Da. No, please.” Tony eyes went wide, he felt bad for mentioning the bath.
"Jesus, Tony," Steve murmured sadly. Tony fixed him with a stare for a moment while sizing up the situation.
"I know you don't eat much when you're working," Steve said in Tony's direction. "I assume that hasn't changed anyway," he walked back to the table. "But, it's here if you want a break." He placed the food at the end of the table, away from the arm but in Tony's line of sight. Tony glanced at it and opened his mouth to reply but shut it again quickly. Now was not the time for a snappy remark. Instead he nodded once.
Baby Luca had kept his parents awake for much of his first week home from the hospital. Since Tony was breastfeeding he didn’t have much choice in seeing to his son every time he cried even though Steve was more than willing, and made sure to get up with him every time, even in the middle of the night.
“Come on, Tater Tot. Let’s see what you got.” He sat on the arm of the sofa, next to Steve and turned Indy around so he was facing out on his lap. Steve took the bag and held it up so Indy could reach in. There were two items inside. He tried pulling the first box out but couldn’t grip it so Tony helped. It was a Tony Stark/Iron Man unmasked Funko Pop. Indy looked up at him. “That’s me,” Tony told him with a smirk and a shake of his head at Happy.
“Ooh my turn with the Tator Tot,” he exclaimed. Steve grabbed the cart and pushed it behind his boyfriend and son as Tony led them to the checkout. They went to a self checkout hoping to avoid being recognized. Steve rang everything up and before he even realized what happened Tony had tapped his phone on the card reader and paid electronically.
“No. It’s just a big deal, right? We’re having a birthday party today for our child. It’s all very domestic.”
“I do,” Tony replied sounding so unsure that Steve had to breathe deeply for a moment to reign in his anger.
“Uh huh, and that face is cute but it’s not going to work on me, kiddo.” Bucky took the bag and  picked Indy up and walked him over to his timeout seat. He could see Steve and Tony in the kitchen straight through from the living room.  “I’ll come back in a few minutes when your time is up.” He heard Indy huff as he walked away but he kept going til he reached Steve and Tony.
“If we can’t find our own way out I promise you Stevie is already looking so he’ll rescue us soon.” He was sure the team would be looking for them already.
“Thanks Peanut, I love it,” Tony added, leaning over and kissing the top of his head. “Did Bucky keep these hidden for you?”
Tony bundled Indy in the blanket and sent a quick text to Happy to meet them in the garage to head to Shield. Indy woke up up as they were in the elevator and snuggled closer to Tony.
Saturday morning Steve woke up, assuming he was the first awake as usual, and rolled over only to see Tony already wide awake next to him. “Morning,” he said to his boyfriend, voice rough from disuse overnight.
“Hey,” Steve said, as he got up and stood in front of Bucky. “Tony’s going to need some time, but I don’t want you to leave, okay?” He put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder and squeezed lightly. “Indy wouldn’t want that either. Not yet.” Bucky was shaking his head. “Please,” Steve insisted.
“It’s okay either way. Let’s go get cleaned up.” Steve walks to the bathroom and Tony grabbed him another pair of pajama pants and boxers. Steve washed himself with a washcloth and soap and dried with a towel Tony handed him and then Tony helped him get the clothes on. “You wanna go see your boy?” Steve smiled.
“Da,” he mumbled before returning his attention to his toy. Tony sat next to him on the bed, leaning back against the pillows so he was pressed side to side with his son.
A small sniffle sounded from below them on the sofa. Steve looked up with tears in his eyes. “You’re killing me here, I can’t even get up and hug you guys because I can’t move her.”
"But why him and not me, you know him. I'm a stranger and you know what I've done and yet you're alone with me down here."
“It’s information.” He lifted the folder slowly and then placed it on the coffee table in front of Tony. Tony leaned forward and reached out. “Wait,” Bucky exclaimed loudly. “Just, wait. If you read it first you won’t listen to me.” Tony took his hand back.
“It’s just nice. The way you took care of me over the past few weeks and even now. Feels nice,” he said quietly.
“I’ll need you to take your shirt off so I can take a look. Do you want Indy to be here for that?” Indy heard that of course and burrowed further into Steve’s side. Tony stepped over and plucked the little boy off the sofa, gaining a whine and kick for his trouble.
“We know you were trying to do a good thing, baby. Protecting your Papa. That’s very brave of you, but you need to trust that we know who is safe and who isn’t. If we tell you a situation and person is okay you have to believe us.” Indy sniffled as Tony spoke. “You gotta stop with the hitting.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, and a second later Peter could see Tony’s face. Peter held the phone so he and Luca were in frame. He waved Luca’s hand at the camera.
“Don’ wanna,” Tony mumbled and then struggled to get down. Steve walked them away from the glass and into a clear section of the room before putting him down, but he crouched down with him and held on to his waist.
“Because you’re lucky!” Steve shouted. “You can’t just take these risks anymore, Tony, you have a son. He deserves a dad who cares about whether they’re going to die or not.”
“Not yet, Sweetheart. Annie will tell you when,” he chuckled. Indy huffed and fell back against Steve’s chest with a pout.
“Indy, can I hold you?” Steve put his hands out but stopped short of the little boy giving him the choice. Indy looked at Bucky first and he gave a small nod so the boy leaned forward falling into Steve’s waiting hands. Steve brought the boy to his chest as he stood up, noting how small and light he was, much smaller than an average 3 year old. “I’m sorry you had to be in that bad place for so long,” Steve whispered. “I didn’t know about you or I would have tried to find you.” Indy put his head on Steve’s shoulder and yawned. Steve pat his back rhythmically as his eyes drifted shut. Steve sighed and held him a little tighter.
“I know you wanted me or Papa but you could have tried to wake Bucky nicely like how he woke me up. Just no hitting anymore, okay?” Indy nodded, sticking his index finger into his mouth and sucking it nervously. Tony kissed his head. “Can you say sorry to Bucky for hitting him?”
“Thank you for your apology,” Bruce replied. “Just so you know, I would never hurt your Papa or your Daddy or you or any of our friends, okay?” Indy nodded hesitantly. Bruce clapped his hands on his thighs and then stood up. “I’ll check back tomorrow, Steve. Any problems before then though just call for me.” Steve and Tony thanked him and he let himself out. Tony went to sit next to Steve on the sofa.
“I’m not going far. I have to clean up your mess.”  Tony looked sad but didn’t seem to have an argument for that.
Steve maneuvered Tony so he was sitting in his lap so he could hold him more comfortably and angled his face up so he could place a soft kiss on the corner of his lips.  “Love you too, sweetheart. Everything’s going to be okay.”
“I’m fine, it’s just all hitting me now, all the worry and stress from the last few days.” He shivered. Clint threw Indy’s blanket around Tony’s shoulders so he was wearing it like a cape and pulled it close against his chest. “Thanks,” Tony told him, grabbing it in both hands to hold it closed in front of himself.
“Want Papa,” he cried. “I want Da,” he said louder. Then, surprisingly, bit down on the hand that was pulling him forward.
“We have fruit punch, do you like that?” Bucky walked over with a plastic cup half full. Tony reached out. “Let Steve help, there’s no lid on the cup, okay?”
“This is going to be the best Christmas ever,” Tony continued softly. “Because you’re here.” Tony’s words were for Indy but he didn’t doubt the two super soldiers in the room could also hear his quiet words, but that was okay. He pressed a quick kiss to Indy’s cheek this time and then sat up.
“I think you’re just overtired now, come here,” Tony started pulling on Steve’s arm until he got the hint and rolled toward Tony. Tony then pulled him on top of his own body so Steve was on top of him and they were lying chest to chest.
“Oh,” Bucky exclaimed. He was talking about what he said in the car. “I know. Thank you for saying you’re sorry. You know I love you too.” Indy hugged Bucky around his neck and Bucky placed a kiss on his temple. “Let’s get back and see what’s going on.”
“‘Bout the same. Tired,” he said. He looked down at Indy still snuggled against him and tightened his hold. “Can I see her?” He asked, looking back at Bucky and his daughter.  Bucky walked to the other side of Tony’s bed and turned her around in his arms so she could see Tony. “Hi, Poppy seed.”
“Sounds good. Yell if you need me.” Tony stood and kissed Indy’s head, narrowly missing a gob of oatmeal. “Be good for Papa.”  He took the dishes to the kitchen to clean and put things away.
There will be a part 3 for this particular storyline as well continuing on to the following morning. Should be posted soon!
“Papa was just telling me you don’t feel well?” He began. Indy nodded. “You’re tummy still bothering you?”
Tony led them to the rack he left his stuff on. “So, first and, I think, most importantly, I found Avengers sweatshirts so he needs all of those. No arguments.” He spread his hands as if to say that’s just how it is. “There’s only 3 in his size anyway. We’ll get the others online.” He put the Captain America, Iron Man, and Hawkeye hoodies in to the cart. Indy watched with interest.
“My birday, Buppy,” Indy said happily. Bucky laughed. He looked back to Tony who hadn’t left the room yet.
“That’s right, you wanna go find him?” Tony nodded toward the door and Indy squirmed to be let down. Steve placed him down gently and he ran off. “JARVIS, ask Bucky to watch him for a couple minutes before we go?” There was a pause before the AI responded.
Tony could visibly see Steve relax when they made it into their living room. Bucky looked to Tony. “Switch again?” He asked, gesturing to Indy. “I can get him settled in bed if you wanna take Stevie into the bathroom.” Tony agreed and passed his son over. Indy had only briefly woken up in the car and passed out again once Tony told him they were all going home together. His little body seems to have given in to the the exhaustion finally now that everyone was home and safe.
“Okay, good. Thank you.” Steve wiped Indy’s face off again. “Can you do me a favor?  Tony seemed weird when he left, I want to make sure he’s okay. Can you finish up with Indy here and watch him for a few?”
“Yup, we’re gonna see him soon,” he kissed Indy’s forehead and the boy smiled. Happy was there as they stepped out of the elevator and he opened the back door for them. He settled Indy in his car seat and went around to sit in the back with him.
“No Buppy. No, please,” he sobbed. Bucky looked to Tony and shrugged. Tony closed his eyes, sighing heavily.
“Hey, why don’t you go take a nap?” Natasha said, as Steve passed by the back of the sofa for the tenth time. He looked at her incredulously. “I’m serious,” she replied. “If they message us this will all be over soon but we will need to go and get them. You need to be alert and strong and right now you’re a mess.”
“Of course I don’t mind,” Tony answered softly, reading Steve’s uneasiness. “Come on.” He stood and held a hand out gesturing to Steve’s side of the bed. “Get in,” he prompted. Steve slid in still holding Indy and put the little boy in the middle of the bed on his back.
“You need to go since I can’t.” Bucky nodded immediately. “You need to bring him back to us,” Tony stressed.
“Close your eyes, Peanut. It’s okay, just take a little rest.” Tony brushed a kiss against the top of his head. It took a couple minutes but he did eventually nod off. Steve retrieved one of his teddy bears from the bedroom and deftly swapped it out for the llama which he then put on the kitchen counter to dry. He came back with his arms out to Tony.
“It’s risky. And you’re right, it’s not what we should be doing but we don’t have other options. Our other option was Fury’s stance of not negotiating with terrorists so,” she shrugged. “We’ve come this far. Tony and Luca have come this far. We’ll have them back by the end of the week, we have to believe that.” Steve wanted to believe her.
“You wanna tell me this story instead?” Steve asked him. He didn’t get a verbal response but felt another shove at his leg.
"Yes, and I want pizza so that arguments settled," he said, seeing the pizza and Chinese menus in front of them. "But first, I have a proposition for both of you." He was nervous broaching this subject with them, Steve specifically. He bounced on the balls of his feet lightly, nervous energy coursing through him. Steve though, for his part, must have assumed it was important because he turned and gave Tony his full attention, hands clasped in front of him.
“Night night, baby boy.”  He walked to the door, switching the light off but the night light clicked on right away bathing the room in a soft yellow glow.
Bucky clicked his comms with a tap of his finger. “Stark, trace my location and get here quick.” He knew Jarvis could pinpoint his location quicker than trying to direct any of them to follow his path.
Steve smirked. “You know, those puppy dog eyes shouldn’t work as well as they do on grown up you.” He laughed. Tony smiled. “Come on, I made French toast.” He put his arm around Tony’s shoulders and let himself be walked to the kitchen. He sat down and Steve served him a couple pieces with fruit on top and syrup. Steve poured 2 glasses of orange juice and then sat next to Tony.
“Still nothing to be sorry for, Tony. You can sit here like this all day if you want. There’s nowhere I’d rather be.” He pushed Tony back a little so he could look at him. He looked exhausted, which was to be expected after giving birth, and he was pale.
“Then I gave him a bath and, as I previously stated, he wont let go of the llama or the blanket, so I had the blanket draped outside the tub so he could still hold the corner in his fist and the llama sat on the ledge on the other side and basically I had to wash around them. All while he cried of course, because he still hates baths.” Tony sighed at the memory.
Tony struggled slightly but managed to sit up straight and make eye contact. “Steve?” Tony reached out and placed his hand on Steve’s forearm, wanting to keep contact.
“Want,” Indy repeated. He hugged it closer to himself and turned around and started to take steps away.
“Look, we all wanna get Tony and your kid back safely but the procedure for handling threats doesn’t change just because its you, Rogers. You’re not special.”
But he reminded me that Captain America wasn’t going to be taking care of that boy, Steve Rogers was. Same goes for you, Buck. Should the Winter Soldier raise a baby? No. But Bucky Barnes, that guy would be the best dad ever and I know that because of how great you are with Indy. Tony and I have talked about it, we’re pretty sure he thinks you’re his third dad.” Steve laughed and Bucky smiled shyly. “Buppy is your title instead of dad or papa. He can pronounce his K’s just fine, Buck. He just doesn’t want to say your name. You’re his Buppy.” Steve rocked to the side so his shoulder bumped Bucky’s.
“I think I freaked Bucky out,” Tony murmured. Steve looked over to where Bucky had disappeared into the cockpit.
Steve laughed. “You think I do? We’re both going to be winging this, pal. But we’ll do it together.” He leaned forward but waited for Tony to meet him halfway. They kissed softly.
Indy was wringing the end of his shirt between his fingers and looking down. “I’m sorry,” he whimpered.
“That’s a birthday gift for you from Bruce,” Steve answered. “You wanna open it?” Steve reached out to lay the bag down sideways since it was taller than Indy while on the table.
“Hey there, Tator Tot,” Tony whispered. He rubbed the boys stomach, soothing him as he snuffled in his sleep. He slowly blinked awake, taking in his new position and the person holding him. He stiffened for a minute, startled, but then relaxed when he realized he was safe.
Steve helped him hold it since there was no lid and Indy sipped carefully. “You like it?” Tony asked.
"Come down to the workshop," he said gruffly and turned and walked away before anyone could react. He wanted to be where his bots were, and all the Iron Man suits. He didn't really think that they were here to do harm but he was on the edge of a panic track and proximity to the suits could only help.
“Oh, I know, sweetheart,” Bucky whispered. “I’m so mean putting you in your little bed, huh?” He rubbed his hand in slow circles on her stomach to calm her. “You’re gonna be okay, baby girl. Bruce is gonna give me some drops I can put in your ear and it’ll make you all better, but I know you’re feeling yucky now.” She was looking at him, blinking slowly, her movements slowing as she settled. “That’s it, go back to sleep and I’ll be right here if you need anything.” Her eyes closed with his whispers and her breathing evened out. “Good girl,” he sighed. He stood and kissed her cheek then climbed under his own covers and laid on his side facing her bed. He was still worried, he couldn’t help that, but rationally he knew she would be okay with some time and medicine. He watched her for awhile to make sure she was sound asleep and then drifted off himself.
“It’s a seat just for you, buddy,” Steve told him. “So we can shop and I’ll push you around like this, see?” He pushed the cart heading down the first aisle and Indy’s eyes widened. Tony laughed.  “Let’s head to kids clothes first, looks like its back here,” Steve nodded in the direction they were headed. “We have to figure out a size, first.”
“Okay, come here,” Steve gestured to the sofa. They sat down and Steve faced the boy.  “I shouldn’t be getting you involved in this.”
“Okay, one diaper,” Tony said as he found one in the bottom of the bag. “You hold this,” he told Indy pushing it against his chest. Indy grabbed it with both hands hugging it to himself. Tony re-zipped the bag and placed it against the door then picked Indy up and went to the floors main bathroom off the hall.
“It’s really early and little boys like you should still be sleeping. Come on,” he lifted the boy up and placed him back in the middle of the bed. “You can stay here with your dad and cuddle for awhile while I go do some work.”
“Yeah. I mean, no. But it’s expected.”  Steve unbuckled Indy’s seatbelt and lifted the straps over his head. “We’ll handle it.” Tony got out and opened Indy’s door.
Steve chuckled. “Yes, I’ll watch them.” Steve knelt on the floor and ran his hand through Tony’s hair. He started to wake up, nuzzling his face into the sofa cushion. “Hey, sweetheart,” Steve said softly. Tony blinked his eyes open getting his bearings.
“The doctor said he’s not out of the woods but barring any complications he should recover fully. How’s Poppy been for ya?”
“We’ll deal with whatever we have to, okay? But for now, don’t focus on that. Hopefully we’ll find them today or tomorrow and no harm will be done.”
“I do love you, Tony. I’m glad I had the chance to take care of you like that.” He grabbed Tony’s hands on his knees and interlocked their fingers. He leaned forward and kissed Tony’s forehead. Tony leaned into it and they stayed like that for a minute gathering themselves. Steve finally pulled away first, needing to make sure Tony was okay.
“I’m upset that he’s hurting but it’s the same as when he has a check up with Bruce. He doesn’t like medical things but we know it’s not hurting him and it’s for his own good.”
“Wow, thought you cared about the kid, Cap. Might wanna rethink your babysitter choices,” Tony said sarcastically.
“You can’t - you can’t take him from me,” Tony stuttered out defensively. “I adopted him, you can’t take him away,” he added looking down at his feet, as if convincing himself more than Steve.
“She just fell asleep. I circled the room fifty times before that though.” Steve smirked and sat gently next to him so as not to jostle the baby. “Do we have any new pacifiers? She needs something,” Tony asked. He poked her bottom lip with his finger and she opened her mouth wider. Steve chuckled. “I just fed her,” Tony said.
Steve grabbed Peter instead, grabbing him around the waist and hoisting him up. Peter yelped and scrabbled against Steve until his arms settled on top of Steve’s shoulders. “It’s okay Tony, I’ll hold this kid for a bit instead.”
“Buppy,” Indy mumbled. Steve smiled and stepped closer to his friend. Bucky stood up so he could take the boy into his arms.
“How are you feeling physically? How’s the pain?” Tony subconsciously put a hand to his stomach rubbing it lightly.
“Yeah, for like 2 minutes and then you came back in the room and you stepped up and became that boys dad. I just don’t know if I can be that,“ Bucky finished quietly.
"I don't know," he replied truthfully. He tapped his fingers nervously on his thigh. "I need some time," he said finally.
“Careful,” he told Tony as he turned to get 2 mugs from the cupboard. Tony set to work meticulously cutting the peppers, needing to do well to please Steve. Steve poured the tea once it had steeped and set one in front of Tony, who had just finished with the peppers. He looked up, pushing the board forward a bit for approval.
“Oh, good one. I see what you did there.” Steve leaned down and kissed his head. Tony smiled innocently up at him. “It’s a good thing I love you, huh?”
“So what were you able to get out of him? After the being tied to the bed part,” Tony asked with barely disguised anger at the thought.  Steve reached out and placed a hand on Tony’s knee giving a gentle squeeze.
Tony glanced up to see Steve looking at him in what looked like awe. Tony smiled shyly back and could see the glint of tears in Steves eye. When he reached the end he tried to put Indy in the chair next to Natasha but he clung on tighter. Not wanting a fight at that moment he changed course and headed to Bucky. “Think you can handle being best man and ring bearer holder?” Tony asked.
“That’s- no, that’s not acceptable. We need to do better. Tony and Luca are not going to be able to handle this much longer. Tony could last as long as it takes if it were just him. Hell, he has in the past. But with Luca there, screaming and hungry,” Steve shook his head. “I can’t let them stay there. I’ll have to go to Shield myself and take him.”
“No, Steve. He’s a week old, are you serious? He’s not leaving us,” Tony started to pull back but Steve held on.
Steve smiled a little but he hated the fact that Tony thought he had to prove that to him.  “I’m sorry I yelled at you, Tony. I’m just scared. And I know that’s not an excuse but I thought I lost you in that hospital but then I got to bring you home. Then it felt like you were just throwing away the fact that you survived when I heard you over the comms this morning.” Steve looked down. Poppy woke up and reached her little hand out toward Steve’s face. He took it and let her hold onto his finger. “I know you just wanted to help. I do. I get that.” He looked back at Tony who was listening intently. “I just don’t want you to be hurt.”
“We’ll always give you cuddles, sweet boy,” Steve murmured, face buried in his sons hair. “I’m proud of you learning new words, too.”
Natasha and Clint strode in and approached him. He saw them both glance at the screen briefly. “We have a plan, and it’ll work,” Natasha told him confidently. “But you’re not going to like it.”
“I’m gonna hang up so I can get Indy ready and head to Shield. If he wakes up, and you need to, just call me back, okay? Otherwise just tell him I’ll see him really soon.”
“Oh my god,” Steve exclaimed. “He’s been tortured by Hydra for almost 3 years.” He ran his hand over his face.
“Couple hours,” the woman replied with a look off to the side toward the baby.  “I think he’s hungry.”
“You need some help getting them down to the car?” Steve asked, though he felt Tony’s grip on him tighten.
“Um, no please,” Indy replied, pointing to the sink instead where Steve sometimes wipes him clean if he wasn’t too dirty.
“We don’t negotiate with terrorists, Captain Rogers. I think you know that,” Fury replied, so calmly that Steve reacted before even thinking. He charged forward the few feet that were between them slamming the palms of his hands into the other mans chest so that he stumbled back.
“No, not Cap,” Steve insisted, not wanting to be called a title just because Tony was trying to push him away. “Come on, get over here. Please.” Tony sighed heavily but stepped up in front of the sofa. “What did he say to you before I came downstairs?”
“I know you’re working, but can we talk for a minute?” He nodded to the sofa along the left side of the room.
“Ah,” Bucky exclaimed, quickly letting go and pulling back. “Your dad’s hurt, okay?” he spat, turning to face the boy. “He’s hurt and I need to go help your Papa and this is taking up time I don’t have right now so you need to stop acting like this. Get in the car,” he ground out.
Steve came back with Bruce and they joined the two men in the living room. “Hey, guys,” Bruce greeted and they said hello back.
“I do think it all looks better than yesterday. The healing factor may not be what you’re used to, but it is still surpassing that of a non-super soldier human. I’m just going to take a blood sample to measure the amount of the drug left in your system and I’ll be done for today. I’ll come back and do the same thing tomorrow.” Steve nodded. Bruce brought out a needle and syringe, unwrapped the packaging and inserted the needle into the vein in the crook of his arm. The blood began to fill the tube and Indy started to get concerned. He squirmed more, actively trying to get down now. Tony caught what his gaze was focused on.
“Jesus. Are you with him? Put me on video chat.” Bucky seemed hesitant but pressed the button to change to video. The screen still facing him though.
“Good job, sweetheart. I think it’s time to rein in this excitement though. It’s late.” He put the boy back on the bed near the pillow. “Lay down, we’ll get you tucked in.”
Bucky smiled. “She’s a little too young to have any idea what to put on a list but Santa knows what to bring babies.”
When they got back to the tower Steve stomped out of the elevator in search of Tony who he ran into in the hallway. Tony immediately turned to stalk off in the other direction.
“Hey Bubba, we’re home now,” he told the boy softly. Tony’s face scrunched up and he sat up on Steve’s lap. He looked nervously at Steve and then Bucky, wringing his little hands in his lap anxiously.  “What’s wrong, Tony? I thought you wanted to come home.” Tony whined.
“Let’s sit and see what we got, hmm?” Steve sat with Indy on his lap but the boy whined and hid his face in Steve’s neck. It made him glad that he reigned Tony in a bit when he wanted to buy practically the entire toy store. Indy always got overwhelmed in front of too much stuff, or things that were new to him. Steve pulled a gift toward him that he knew was a book. A nice low-key gift to start out with. “Look, sweetheart. We’ll open it together.” Steve pulled at the paper a little to get it started. He saw Tony out of the corner of his eye taking pictures with his phone and he looked up and gave him a small smile. “Indy, go ahead. Pull the paper.”
“Or maybe it’s a normal toddler tantrum, hard to say,” Clint said sounding both frantic and calm at the same time, thoroughly confusing Steve. A loud crash sounded in the background. “Oh, shit,” Clint whispered.
“He’s okay. He’s in the shower. I’m playing with Luca but I saw his phone going off and thought you might like to see the baby.” Peter managed to turn Luca around on his lap so the baby’s back was to his chest. “Wanna switch to video?”
“Okay, Indy. We’re going to have a chat today and play with some of these puzzles. Sound good?” Annie asked.
“You have to be in bed in order for Santa to come, Indy, remember?” Tony added from his spot on the sofa.
“Thank you for helping, Natasha. She’s eaten, I changed her diaper, and she’s dressed and ready to go. I think she should make it through the ceremony without an issue.” He crossed his fingers and shrugged.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” He asked softly, sitting on the cushion next to him. Indy turned and put his arms out. “Okay, come here.” Tony lifted him and sat him on his lap sideways. “You okay?” The sniffles had subsided so Tony wiped the tears off is cheek with the end of his sleeve. Indy nodded. “You just wanted some cuddles, huh? You know if you need anything at all you just have to ask me or Steve or Bucky. I didn’t know you were upset.” He rubbed the boys back.
“He was, but you could tell they did the bare minimum for him. It was dirty and he had a bad rash everywhere. It’s mostly gone now, I used a cream. But, the actual potty training will be down to you I guess,” Bucky shrugged.
“Fine. I’ll text you the coordinates.” Fury disconnected the call and Tony turned back to Bucky and his son.  Bucky approached him when he realized he was no longer on the call.
“Okay, sweetheart. You’re supposed to make a wish and then blow out the candle,” Steve told him. “Think of something you hope happens,” Steve explained further. “And then blow.” Steve blew out some air as an example. They weren’t really sure he was understanding the concept but after a minute he leaned forward and blew, puffing his cheeks up and not really aiming correctly.
“They gave more instructions once that door locked,” Peter said quickly. “Go down that long hallway, further into the building, then take a right. Then last door on the left. They said once you’re there it should unlock.”
“Nice,” Tony answered, burrowing his face as close to Bucky’s neck as he could. He felt a soft sigh against his neck. Bucky patted his back comfortingly then started circling the room, inspecting every inch.
The loading hatch started to open with a clang, probably activated by Clint or Natasha who were still up front, but Tony stiffened against Steve seeing that they were one step closer to heading inside. Tony turned into Steve, grasping his uniform in 2 small fists. Clint and Natasha walked toward them and Bucky waved them through.
“You can talk to May about the school thing, but thanks. And you can stay as long as you want, honestly. I’d probably handle this even worse alone. Knowing you’re around, even in the other room, helps.” He pressed a quick kiss to Peters hair. They settled in to watch both screens for awhile and, despite his reluctance, Steve felt his eyelids getting heavier until he eventually lost his battle. His head fell back against the sofa and his grip on Peter loosened as he passed out.
“No,” Tony said softly, but wasn’t sure what else to say. His breath was coming quicker and this had to be the worst time for a panic attack but he couldn’t see himself stopping it now. He never thought he’d be a father, never planned for kids. Hell, he wasn’t even a father now, Steve was, and yet here he was about to have a breakdown with a toddler on his lap. “J,” Tony managed to bite out.
He reached out and grabbed Indy’s arm, turning him back around. “Come on, give it back.” He took hold of the doll around its middle and pulled it out of the boys grip. Indy whined but Bucky ignored it. “Sorry,” he said to the mother who assured him it was fine as he handed the doll back to the girl who looked at him angrily. “Come,” he said as he grabbed Indy’s hand and walked him back toward the swings quickly.
Steve sighed, giving in for the moment. He looked back to Bucky standing behind him and gestured for him to step forward. "It's his arm," Steve said softly. Bucky stepped up next to Steve and made eye contact with Tony for the first time and offered a small smile, which kind of looked like a grimace. Like he knew how ridiculous it was for him to be asking for Tony's help. If he wasn't filled with so much anger at the moment Tony could almost appreciate that.
“No. That’s it, Nick. We’re done here. I’m sorry, I cant take any chances with him like this.”  Tony poked his head under Steve’s arm to look up at him and when Steve glanced down Tony giggled. Steve pulled him back to the front so he could hold him properly. He stood with Tony cradled against his chest. “For now, I have to get him home.” He walked out before waiting for a response and Bucky quickly followed.
When they entered they saw that Bucky had sat Indy on the edge of the table facing him, his small feet in Bucky’s lap. Bucky was handing him a small brown teddy bear which the little boy took happily.
Tony nodded. “Yeah, get us home.” Clint gave a quick nod and headed to the front but Natasha walked over to sneak a peak at the baby.
“Steve,” Natasha interrupted. “Coulson thinks our only option to get Graves away from Shield is when they have him scheduled to move to a different facility.”
“Hey, kiddo. Did you hit me to wake me up?” Indy nodded, as Bucky rubbed at his eye which was watering. “I’m sorry if I scared you jumping up like that but I didn’t know what happened.” He sat on the edge of the bed and pulled the boy into his lap. “What did you want, kiddo? It’s still early.”
“Good. That’s good,” Steve managed to say. Bucky heard Indy sniffling behind him. He flipped the visor down to use the mirror to see in back. Indy was wiping at his eyes and trying to stay quiet.
“Indy needs his Papa and I- ,” Tony couldn’t finish his sentence when his voice broke but Bucky knew.
“He’s always been slightly smaller than average. Last check up you just did on him he was 17.8 pounds which you said was under average though still okay. But now? He can’t lose weight if he’s already so tiny, Bruce,” Steve said, somewhat franticly.
“Papa,” Indy interrupted. “More juice.” He handed Steve a cranberry juice bottle. “Need it,” he told Steve really seriously like Bucky had earlier.
“Why don’t I hold her while Bruce looks at her ear? That way she doesn’t associate the discomfort with you,” he explained, purposely not using the word pain. “You can sit in front of her and try to keep her distracted. It’ll just be a minute, right Bruce?” Bruce nodded. Bucky looked vey unsure but Tony decided to go ahead and try to take her into his arms. Bucky let it happen. He got Poppy situated in his arms then used his free hand to grab Bucky’s. “Come on.” He pulled him to the sofa and arranged Poppy so the affected ear was facing Bruce where he knelt in front of the sofa. Bucky sat at Tony’s side so his daughter was facing him. He reached out and held her ankle, rubbing his thumb along the side of her knee soothingly as she stared at him. Tony nodded to Bruce so they could get this over with.
“Hope Indy doesn’t catch the cold or whatever she has that caused the infection. Maybe we should keep them apart for a couple days,” Steve said.
“No, I was just about to but I noticed she was warm before I even got all her clothes off.” Bucky glanced down at his daughter nervously.
“The child is Hydra’s,” she replied, avoiding his question. Iron Man stepped into the room, hand outstretched and repulser ready.
“Sorry, kiddo,” Bucky said softly to Tony, who was peeking over at him. “Don’t want you to get sick if we left it dirty.”  Tony reached out to him so he pulled him off of Steve and cuddled him to his chest. “So you don’t hate me then?” Tony looked at Bucky and shook his head quickly.
“Yeah, he got sick on quite a few things we gave him, we had to stick with really plain things and small amounts until he got used to more,” Steve offered.
Tony kept up a running stream of commentary which calmed Luca as he fed, keeping his eyes on his dad. When he finished the bottle Steve propped him up on his shoulder and patted his back so he’d burp. After a couple minutes he let out a soft one and Steve bounced him a little.
“Can you say Steve? With a Ssss sound?” Clint asked. “SsssTEEV.”  Tony repeated it correctly. “Good boy.” Clint ruffled his hair then turned to Steve. “I’ll get a 3 and 4 for sizes because he’s pretty small but we’ll see.” Steve nodded.
“Let me at least hold him for a few minutes while you eat,” Steve pleaded with his husband. Tony shook his head. He and Steve were sat at the kitchen table having some lunch but Luca was sitting on Tony’s lap instead of the high chair that was also at the table.
“That’s okay, I’ll just leave this,” he held the bag up, but then took a second look at Steve’s face. “Are you crying?”
“Hi, baby girl. You look very festive.” Poppy was wearing one piece footie pajamas with little snowmen and Christmas trees all over it. “You gonna open some gifts?” Steve passed her back to her dad. “I’m gonna go check on Indy and see if he’s getting up then I can wake up Tony so we’ll be out in a few.”
This is just a short chapter to prove I haven’t forgotten about this story! The next chapter will be the wedding and the final chapter for this fic BUT I will be writing more in this universe, just need to end this particular fic at some point lol.
“Okay, we’ll make some breakfast then and let Steve sleep a little longer.” Indy immediately laid his head down on Tony’s shoulder, content now that Tony was bringing him along. Tony noticed the diaper Indy was wearing felt squishy so he detoured to Bucky’s room instead. “Let’s get you a new diaper and we can make a quick pit stop in the bathroom before breakfast.”
Bucky held out a tiny light gray basket that had a pink bow around it to match the accent in the boys tie. The flower petals had been a concession Steve and Tony were happy to make when they asked Indy to be the ring bearer. They explained the whole ceremonial process to the boy, including how Bucky and Uncle Rhodey were going to be the best man for each of them, and how normally there was a flower girl but they were skipping that part because they just wanted Indy to be their ring bearer. After learning what a flower girl would have done he insisted he could do both tasks, and so, he had a basket with white flower petals ready for dropping, and nestled in the corner of the basket was a tiny pillow with the 2 rings tied to it.
“I’m not sure even Captain America can help with what that kids probably been through,” Steve mumbled into Tony’s shirt. Tony pushed back so he could look at Steve and cupped his face in his hands.
Steve nodded. “Yeah I think so. I couldn’t even think straight when they started saying everything that was wrong with him. All the risks. I just wanted to see him. And then I called you,” he  shrugged.
Steve smiled. “That’s JARVIS. He’s like a robot, kind of. He’s always listening if you ever need anything or have questions.” Indy nodded, and Steve gently took the boys pants off. “Okay, bath time.”
“Yeah,” he nodded, giving a Tony a look that he hoped conveyed that they’d talk later. “Indy picked out a new friend so he’s going to buy that and his favorite shirt, right?” As if Tony didn’t have a carriage overflowing with stuff behind him. He bounced the boy in his arms and Indy nodded fervently.
For about 20 minutes Indy ate his banana, watched TV, and played with Dum-E’s claw. That, it seems, was about as long as he could handle not having Tony’s attention. He whimpered softly, looking over to where Tony was. He hadn’t heard him. Indy started to cry quietly but didn’t call out for Tony.
“You like this little guy?” Indy nodded but hadn’t reached for it so Steve tucked the bear into his grip next to the shirt he was still holding. “You think we can give him a good home?” Indy nodded again, more sure of that.
“Ugh,” Clint mimed clutching his chest, “My heart. The cuteness, it’s gonna kill me.” He pretended to trip and caught himself last second but Tony thought it was the funniest thing he ever saw, literally gasping for breath he was laughing so hard. Bucky shook his head. Little Tony was ridiculous and adorable. Steve dropped back once they were clear of the building and the threat of someone attacking lessened so Clint re-joined Natasha heading in to the jet and into the cockpit.
Indy’s face scrunched up instantly at those words and a sob worked its way out. “Da,” he cried pitifully.
“Yah,” he exclaimed. Steve nodded to Bucky so they all went into the living area. Bucky sat in the armchair with Indy on his lap, the llama and book securely in his hold. Steve sat on the sofa diagonal from them and smiled softly at the sight of his best friend and son together. Bucky opened the book and started reading the first page and Indy pressed his back to Bucky’s chest, rearranging himself so he was facing out and could see the book perfectly.
“Stevie,” Bucky whispered and Tony could see him looking to the side. “You’re okay. Tony’s okay and he’s on the phone. I’m going to show you.” Tony didn’t hear an answer but Bucky flipped the screen and suddenly Tony got a screenful of a beaten and sad looking Cap.
Bucky narrowed his eyes. “He’ll be here for both of us,” Bucky reassured him. “He’s probably looking for you more than me, I bet,” Bucky joked, though little Tony wouldn’t understand. Steve and Tony had started dating a few months previous after way too long dancing around each other. Steve would be frantic looking for his boyfriend right about now.
“Indy?” Steve called out quietly. The little boy gasped and whined, pushing his head further into his pillow. “Hey, you’re okay,” Steve said, walking up to the bed. “Oh, buddy,” he added, sadly, seeing that the boy had been sick and there was some vomit on the bed next to where he was laying. He reached out and ran his hand over the boys forehead and through his hair. “Not feeling well?”  Indy whined again, this time looking at Steve, who offered a small smile in return. He noticed that there was a wet stain on the boys shirt as well. “I think we need to get you cleaned up, huh?” Steve leaned over and reached under the boys arms to lift him up. “Come on,” he said, pulling the boy to him, sitting him a little bit sideways in his arms since the front of his shirt was a mess and that left room to rub small circles on the boys stomach. “Your tummy hurt?” Indy looked up at him again with tears in his eyes but didn’t answer. “Okay well, let’s get you clean. The warm water will feel nice and then we’ll go from there.”
“Hi,” she greeted them kindly. “So, as I’m sure you heard, Indy got a little upset towards the end there, which is to be expected.”
"Tony," Steves voice began solemnly. "I hope you're well. I," Steve paused and sounded unsure of himself. "We," he corrected, "need your help. I know I have no right to ask you for anything and I wouldn't blame you for saying no," he rushed. "But, you might be the only person..I mean, I don't want to guilt you into it...it's just Bucky needs help and, god, I just don't know who else to ask, Tony. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Call me, if you can. Please." Tony snapped the phone shut roughly and slammed it on the table.
“All right, lets get you boys to bed.” Tony smiled, glad that he and Steve were heading to bed together regardless of how awful their day had been.
He shrugged. "Well I didn't exactly have a social life while I was in Bucharest. I got an apartment and I tried to catch up on a lot of missed time. I gotta say its a lot better like this than seeing it dubbed in Romanian."
“Can you say balloon?” Steve asked. They had taken to teaching him a lot of words, every time they came across something new, since he went so long without being taught what things were.
Tony grinned. “Workshop, yeah. There’s someone there I think would love to meet you.” He rubbed the boys back as he curled in on Tony, getting shy at the thought of another new person.  “Don’t worry you’ll love it, kiddo.”
Steve sighed. “Okay, Indy. I’m going to get Bucky so he can help with your puzzle okay? I’ll be right outside the door with Daddy if you need anything.” Steve squeezed him in a gentle hug from behind and then stood up and put Indy back on the chair. He stepped out of the conference room and Tony stepped forward right away.
Steve entered the kitchen where Bucky was already getting some juice for Tony. “Did he call you a peanut?” Steve asked the boy. “Are you a little peanut?” He tickled his side and Tony laughed and buried his face against Steve’s chest.
“You spent all day with her yesterday and all night, Tony. You barely put her down because she got so attached to you. It’s understandable if you’re upset by the results,” Steve reasoned.
Tony nodded knowingly. Indy had taken to clinging to Bucky after most therapy appointments lately. They assumed it had something to do with Bucky being the one at the Hydra facility where he saved him. And Bucky was truly the only one with any sort of shared experience to draw from whether Indy really knew that or not, so it made sense.
Bucky smiled but shook his head. “Nah, it’s too late for me. I think I’m doing okay all things considered.”
Steve looked over at Tony and noticed him discreetly wiping the tears off his cheeks. “Come here,” Steve said pulling Tony into his embrace.
“Goodnight, Buck,” Steve said. He sighed as they left, and the room was left in silence. “Anything I can do for you right now?” He asked Tony softly.
“But then, when he’s happy,” he shook his head. “I don’t know. Obviously, that’s the goal, we want him happy. But it makes me more angry at Hydra when I see him smile or laugh over something stupid because he’s never even seen something normal before. I just couldn’t hide it this time, I had to leave the room. I’m sorry.”
"I do. But, FRIDAY can have a digital copy sent to your phone in seconds, you can read them whenever you want," Tony assured him.
“Hey, calm down,” Steve soothed. “It’s not going to hurt you, you’re safe here.” He tried to lower him again but Indy wriggled to get out of Steve’s grip. Steve brought him back over the floor instead, afraid that he’d hurt himself if he got out of his grip. Indy was crying in earnest now so Steve stood him up and gave him a hug. “You’re okay, shh. It’s okay. You need a bath, buddy. The waters nice and warm, see?” He stuck his hand in the water to illustrate. “Feels nice.” Indy was shaking and taking in stuttering breaths. “Calm down, baby. You’re going to make yourself sick,” Steve told him, starting to panic slightly himself. “JARVIS is Bucky awake?”
“He’ll be okay. Bruce is in the tower if he needs medical help,” Tony said at Bucky’s unconvinced look. Tony ran his hand through Steve’s hair. “Hey Cap,” he said softly, getting closer. “Wake up, sweetheart.” Steve stirred but didn’t open his eyes. “You’re okay. Everyone’s okay but I wanna take you home.” Steve cracked an eye open at that.
“Um, what’s happening?” All of the Avengers eyes shot up to see Peter standing in the entry way of the living area.
“Bruce said to start with 5 or 6 to see how it settles in his stomach,” Steve told his husband and Tony nodded with a sad smile. Luca ate six quickly and then they put the puffs off to the side. “You both need a bath,” Steve told Tony. “You up to having one now? He can go in with you.” Tony looked like he was about to disagree but Luca did also need to be cleaned desperately so it made sense to do it together.
After about twenty minutes Tony started to stir and finally rolled onto his back and looked up to Steve.
“Give me 5 minutes, Poppy seed, and then you’ll have a real bed,” Tony called out as he walked through the room to get a screwdriver to assemble the tiny bed.
Tony shook his head hard and closed his eyes tight. He pressed his lips to Luca’s temple and tried to breathe slowly. “You need to go,” he choked out with a sob.
“He’s all right,” Bucky assured them. Indy squished his face against Bucky’s neck, his tiny fist gripping tightly to the front of Bucky’s shirt. “He was just starting to get really agitated and he kept looking up at me with tears in his eyes to help him and I couldn’t take it anymore. Sorry,” he finished sheepishly.
“I want to do this with you,” Tony replied so quietly that Steve almost missed it. He smiled. Tony looked up and Steve met his gaze and then kissed his forehead.
An hour later Steve received 3 texts and a phone call in quick succession. Steve picked up on the second ring.
“She’s peeing,” Tony sighed. “It’s okay, baby. It’s not your fault.” He patted her back gently and she started to squirm and whine as what happened set in.
Steve had finished drying Indy so they stood and went to his bedroom. Tony had laid out his outfit for the party. Steve diapered him because even though they were trying to potty train him with pull-ups, today wasn’t the day for an accident. His outfit for the day was a pair of elastic waistband khakis and a navy blue sweater that had tan stripes along the bottom half and matching tan elbow patches. Tony grabbed a pair of navy blue socks and slid them on Indy’s feet once Steve had finished.
"Stop," Tony interrupted loudly. Taking his voice down a notch, he continued. "What do you need? That's all I want to hear from you right now."
“Hey, none of that today. He’s going to be fine now that he’s with us,” Tony said cheerily. Steve nodded and reached to pull the straps down over the front of his son, buckling them in to the seat between his legs.
“Don’t call my son a bug,” Tony added, mock offended. Steve was standing up to go to the kitchen but leaned down to look at Tony.
“We’ll get you nice and clean at home but I can wipe you down now?” He held the wipes up. Steve nodded hesitantly.
So, we tried to backtrack from the moment Bucky showed up because asking him just to tell us about his life there would probably be too broad of a question for his age and maturity so we started with Bucky and the fact that he was on the bed. Bucky said it was afternoon when he got there so I asked things like what he had for lunch and breakfast, what filled the time between the two, what happened the day before that, and so on.”  Steve nodded along anxiously while Tony gripped the hand that Steve still kept on his knee.  “What I gathered so far was that food wise it seemed that they gave him some form of protein bars and probably meal replacement shakes. It was hard for him to describe but that’s what it seemed like he was getting at and he said it was that “all the time” so I assume there was no variety. Bucky did let me know that Indy seemed unfamiliar with the foods he and the two of you were offering when he was first rescued.”
Steve leaned over and kissed the top of Indy’s head and brought his other arm, that wasn’t around Tony, up to hug his son. “Be a good boy for Bucky please, okay?” Indy didn’t answer, pulling away leaning back toward Bucky’s chest. “Indy, I’m serious, I’d like you to answer me.”
“I’m not doing anything,” he replied, sounding so insecure that Steve wanted to shake some sense into him so maybe he’d believe him once and for all.
“I’m sorry I got mad at you,” Tony said urgently. “Don’t leave, please.” Tony reached out a hand and Steve met it with his own halfway, lacing their fingers together in a tight grip.
“Take things that aren’t yours without asking,” Bucky elaborated. Indy nodded again. “Okay. You want this?” Bucky held up the bag containing their toy store purchase. Indy stood from his chair and jumped up and down.
“This is the perfect gift, Indy. Now I can cuddle this and think of you and Papa even when you’re not here.” Indy nodded like that was his plan all along. “Can I have a kiss?” Indy started to lean away from Steve but Steve caught him and pulled him back.
Steve pushed the door to Indy’s room open slowly so he wouldn’t startle him. Indy was still lying down with his 2 small teddy bears and his llama clutched to one side of him, awake and staring at the ceiling much like Tony had been. Steve smiled at the sight.
“What? No. No, Tony, god,” Steve sighed and pulled Tony into a hug. It was so unexpected in that moment that Tony stumbled forward, falling into Steve’s chest. “When Indy’s sad, like at bath time, it makes sense. He’s been through hell and he’s going to have issues and all we can do is help him best we can. That I can do. I want to help him. And sure, I feel bad when he does but I can be strong for him.” Steve paused and pushed Tony back so he could look at him.
“I’ll help,” Bucky offered. They grabbed the stray cups, plates and napkins around the living room bringing it all to the trash and then started on the table. Bucky took the two chip bowls and brought them to the kitchen. Steve ran his hand through Tony’s hair when he came back in the room.
He took a seat next to Bucky and Tony immediately tried to climb over to him. Steve took him but Tony thought it was fun to climb on him instead so Steve let him do what he wanted. Fury started to debrief them as Tony climbed around the side of Steve to try and get between him and the chair. Steve scooted forward so he was sitting on the edge allowing the Tony to sit behind him.
“Hey. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Tony sat back in his seat giving Steve his full attention, but Steve could see underneath the facade to the stress and worry.
“Where are you?” Tony asked, already trying to come up with an excuse to tell Indy why his parents would both be away for awhile.
“No, see, you don’t get to make the orders here,” the woman replied angrily. “This is what’s going to happen. We’re going to contact Shield and the Avengers, we’re going to show them that we have the two of you and make our demands. In the meantime, you can feed him twice a day, that’s it. Hopefully they’re agreeable because that’s not going to be enough for him, especially if you’re not eating well yourself.”
“I do love her. I know it’s only been 24 hours but, I don’t know. I just do. But I know I’m not her father and that’s fine. I’m okay with being her uncle,” he gave Steve a sad smile. Steve leaned into him and put his head down on Tony’s shoulder, bringing his hand up to rub the baby’s back.
“I did bad things, but I’m not bad,” Tony added and Steve could have fallen over in happiness. He wasn’t sure that lesson would have ever stuck. He kissed Tony’s cheek.  Clint nodded along.
On the third day they sent a message that Steve could respond to, where he advised them that the following day there would be an opening to get their man away from Shield and they replied  that they would make contact on the 5th day.
“Romanov and Cap got separated. She made it back to the rendezvous point where the other agents were waiting but Rogers hasn’t shown up yet. It’s been a couple hours and it looks like the Hydra camp they were trying to infiltrate is moving out.”
Tony sliced the cake and gave everyone a piece. Indy stuck his fingers into the frosting on his instantly and then shoved them in his mouth.
Steve watched as Tony closed his eyes a moment and took a deep breath. Then began to comfort their son as best he could under the circumstances.
Steve hummed in agreement. “I am a very mature person,” he replied, placing a quick kiss on the tip of Tony’s nose. Tony laughed.
“That’s amazing, Peanut. You’re a lucky boy.” Tony dutifully went over to his son and inspected the toy and Indy beamed. His gaze flicked to Bucky momentarily. “Don’t have to stop on my account.”  Tony went to sit on the sofa next to Steve who put his arm out automatically so Tony could snuggle into his side. Bucky hesitated at first but Indy was impatiently tapping the book so Bucky began reading again.
“He’s alive,” Bucky answered cryptically. “They drugged him and it’s really messing with him but we’re on our way back, should be a couple hours.”
“Okay, well, I can help get you both cleaned up.” Steve went over to the first aid area and grabbed some wet wipes and tissues as well as a clean blanket. “Open the blanket. I’ll get her cleaned off then you can take off your shirt.” Tony turned her around so she was facing Steve and unwrapped the blanket.
“He made one for me and Poppy too yesterday when we did these. I put it right on my nightstand,” he ruffled Indy’s hair and the boy looked very proud of himself.
“Rhodey,” Steve whispered. He handed his phone to Bucky and then buried his face back into Indy’s hair.
“I’m sorry for what I said when you came down,” Tony told him sheepishly. “I know you’d never try to take him from me. I know that, I promise. He had just hit me and I yelled and he thinks he hates me then you walked down stairs and I thought maybe you had seen all that. I don’t know. Sorry, though.”
Tony spent the entirety of the day in his workshop, keeping himself distracted with SI business but he knew he couldn’t leave things with Steve as it was. He made his way to their bedroom after asking JARVIS where Steve was.
It dawned on Steve then what Tony thought was happening and a glance to Bucky confirmed that he must have figured it out as well.
Steve made himself turn away to face Fury and Coulson. “So, you have this guy? Graves?” Coulson nodded. “Good, get him ready to go,” Steve ordered, staring them down in warning not to disagree.
“Well, I can think of one solution.” Tony picked Indy up again and the boy clung to him instantly. “Wanna sleep with us tonight?” Indy nodded against Tony’s shoulder, while Steve shook his head exasperated. “It’s been a tough day. I need some baby cuddles,” Tony told him.  Steve leaned in and kissed Tony gently.
“You’re the money, baby,” she replied, stepping closer. “I think the Avengers, especially your Captain there, will make Shield do whatever we want them to. And to help us get away once we get what we want he can wire us a large chunk of your money that I’m sure he has access to.” She gripped the hair on the top of his head in a fist and yanked it back so he was looking up at her. “How long we have to keep you here is all on them. Now, be good.” Her hand slid down the side of his face then down over his shoulder and arm til she reached the cuffs. She undid one and cuffed it to the chair so he had use of one arm now.
“Yup, we’re ready, Cap,” Tony yelled back. He picked Indy up quick, removing the booster seat from the chair and setting it aside and keeping a hold of Indy while Steve brought out the cake. It was a single layer yellow cake with white frosting and Avengers decorations creating a scene on top. There was one candle shaped like the number 3 in the center. Steve started up the happy birthday song and everyone joined in somewhat quietly so it didn’t overwhelm Indy and Tony could have kissed every single person there for it because his son looked happy. Not panicky. He did look a little bit like he thought everyone had gone crazy, but that was okay. He kissed his temple and whispered that he loved him as Indy stared at the cake Steve placed at his seat.  “Wow. That’s your cake, baby.”
“That’s very sweet, baby. We love you so much, you’ll always have us,” Steve said and kissed Indy’s cheek.
Steve was sitting in the rocking chair in Indy’s room with the boy still in his arms. “I know. I couldn’t put him down once I got in here. What if he wakes up and he’s scared because he’s alone?”
“Good try, anyway.” Steve walked back in to the bedroom, Indy toddling behind him. “We need to add one of those little kids potty training toilets to our list.”
“Sleepy,” Steve whispered back, glancing at the man next to him. “He needs to get a lot of rest.” Bucky nodded in agreement. Indy walked to the side of the bed that Steve wasn’t on and attempted to pull himself up.
"I think about it everyday," Tony mumbled, keeping his back turned. "I didn't care about the accords, if you wanted to disagree with them that's fine! That's politics we could have fought that out in a boardroom, it was that you found Barnes and suddenly nothing else mattered. I don't blame you for protecting a long lost friend but god damn it Steve...I thought you would care about me a just a little," his voice wavered. Steve reached out and put his hand on Tony's shoulder, waited to be pushed off, and when he wasn't he pulled so Tony's stool swiveled to face him. Tony didn't fight it. Tony looked up and saw Steves face wet with tears.
The bathroom was so big that the toilet was around the corner of a wall from where the tub, shower, and sink were. He placed Indy on the mat next to the tub.  “I’ll be right over here. I’m just going to pee and then I’ll change you, okay?”  Indy nodded. Tony had only disappeared around the corner for about 4 seconds when he heard the sniffle.
“Buppy!” Indy scrambled to get down and Clint put him down quickly, grabbing the blanket that he was still wrapped in before it fell onto the floor. Indy ran the few feet over to Bucky and with his hands in the air and Bucky picked him up, hugging him close.
Tony’s hand closed around his bicep before he made it to the door. “So, what? You’re gonna go running to your BFF now?”
Steve rounded the bed and helped Tony stand and carried the pole his IV was hanging from into the bathroom with Tony. “Can you get your pants and socks off while I get the baby?” Tony nodded, grateful at least that he was still shirtless so he didn’t have to finagle that around an IV. Steve returned a moment later bouncing Luca in his arms. “Ready to get all clean with Daddy, bug?”
Aside from the bassinet, Tony had also ordered a bunch of the basics - diapers, bottles, formula, onesies, etc. “I’m going to give Indy his snack and put this together while I watch the movie with him. I’ll bring it out when I’m done.”
“Oh, it’s okay, sweetie. Come here,” Steve grabbed him under the arms and Bucky took the bears instead as Steve pulled Indy into his arms. He stood up with him and paced a bit. “I wasn’t trying to scare you. Daddy’s okay.” Indy sniffled and nuzzled into Steve’s neck. Rhodey and Pepper came out a short time later.
“And it comes with this little monster as a neighbor so you can’t beat that,” he said, tickling Indy who giggled uncontrollably. “I already talked to Tony the second day you were here. He’s fine with it. I don’t want to push you in to something you don’t want but please think about it for now, okay?”
Bucky laughed. “Hey, merry Christmas, Indy.” Indy, suddenly shy, ducked back behind Steve once he got close enough, clutching the other mans leg and hiding his face in the soft sweat-pant material.
He rolled his eyes. “God no. Not yet anyway.” He sighed, glancing down at Poppy who was looking around now that they were at the tables where they’d be eating lunch. “I’m still learning how to be a dad to this one. And a person in general, really. This is more than I ever thought I’d get so I’m pretty damn happy with how it turned out.” Natasha smiled softly at him, hugging his arm and pulling him close to her for a second before continuing to their table.
Bucky glanced back at Indy who was watching Tony nervously. “Steve, why don’t I take the kids home for the night, let you guys try and relax?” Steve looked at him gratefully and nodded.  “Kiddo, come say goodnight to your Papa and Dad,” Bucky said. Indy walked over to the bed slowly and Bucky sat Poppy on the bed propped against Tony’s hip so he could pick Indy up for his goodbyes.
Steve forced himself to walk back to Tony and not just scrap this whole idea and whisk his son into his arms. When he sat down Tony pulled him close. “This is good. This is normal, right? He’s fine.”  Steve nodded, turning his face into Tony’s neck. Indy began crying about a minute in, peeking over his shoulder repeatedly to see if his parents were still there. Tony kissed the top of Steve’s head when he felt the blonde grip him harder. “One more minute, darling,” he whispered. Steve sat up feeling slightly shaky and not knowing if that was due to his current medical state or punishing his baby. Tony saw the anguished look cross Steve’s face. “We’re not hurting him, Steve. As much as it may sound like it,” Tony added when Indy let out a louder cry.
He made his way to the kitchen and grabbed a banana and an orange out of the fruit bowl and then headed to the elevator. “You wanna see my workshop? I have a little bit of work to get done so you can hang out with me until Steve or Bucky come looking.”
Tony sensed the hesitation and explained. "I can't exactly numb your metal arm to work on it if it's attached to you, it would just be needless pain. Take it off and I can work on it without worrying about that."
“All right, knock it off,” Steve snapped angrily. “No more chatter. Stark, go home. You said it yourself we’re almost done here, no point in you hurting yourself.”
“I’m so glad you’re okay,” Steve said, biting back tears now that they had a moment alone. “I didn’t think- I mean, I thought when I saw your armor damaged, that it killed you.” He did let out a small sob then. “I need you, Tony. I can’t lose you.”
Steve cleared his throat. “Now, you said you were sorry to Bruce and he accepted that, but you can’t keep getting away with it. When you misbehave there are consequences. We’ll never hurt you, baby, I promise you that, but you need to be punished. I’m going to put you in a timeout for three minutes where you can just sit and think about what you did and hopefully understand why you can’t do it again.” Steve stood up and walked Indy over to the corner where they had set up a little play area for Indy with a colorful rug and a tiny chair and toys. Steve sat Indy in the chair and turned it slightly away from the living area. “You have to stay here until me or Dad come to get you. Three minutes.”
“That’s good to hear. I’ll just take a look and see how the healings going and then i’ll get out of your hair.”
Bucky stood up, cradling the baby carefully against himself. He looked down at the white bassinet with the tiny light pink mattress pad in it and a small coral colored dinosaur stuffed animal. Bucky touched it with a finger and smiled up at Tony. “Thank you for all of this, for everything.” Tony nodded but bounced Indy in his arms.
"Sure thing!" A minute later what looked like a map of the arm was projected into the air in front of Tony over the table and he studied it, moving it left and right for better angles.
“I want baby,” Indy said as he picked up the doll. The girl seemed okay with it so Bucky let it happen. “Buppy, see?”
He wasn’t sure how we was going to get through the rest of the day, never mind the next four, and he wasn’t the one being held captive.
“No. This particular Hydra facility apparently thinks diapers and clothes are optional,” he said angrily.
“You weren’t safe then, but you are now. Me and Daddy and Bucky keep you safe now, right? And we wouldn’t let you do anything that wasn’t safe so today is going to be good, okay? I promise. And I’ll be right there with you.” Steve reached out, picking Indy up and bringing him to his chest. Indy wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck.
Rhodey and Pepper were standing talking to each other a little away from Steve so Bucky sat next to his friend and passed the orange juice bottle to him. “Drink this. You need it.” Steve fumbled with the cap but managed to take large gulp. “Did you guys make a decision?”
Indy threw his arms up immediately and Steve grabbed the towel and pulled Indy out and into his arms. He sat on the closed toilet lid with his son in his lap because he and Tony had come up with a routine for after bath time where they talked about how it wasn’t bad. Steve started to gently rub Indy’s hair with the towel. “All done. You were such a good boy, sweetheart. And you were safe the whole time, huh? Nothing bad happened, right?”  Indy nodded. Tony stuck his head in the door way.
"Wakanda is on lockdown right now, no one can get in. Some people found out where it was located and they're trying to minimize attention to the area." Steve paused, running his hand through his hair and looking over at Bucky. "I know this is insane, coming to you, after everything." Tony laughed at that, mirthlessly, but let him continue. "I just don't know how long we'll be out of touch with Wakanda, it's already been weeks and the arm got damaged in a fight against some Hydra thugs a couple weeks ago. He's in a lot of pain. And we have a high tolerance with the serum so for him to even admit that says a lot. And every once in awhile it's like this energy surge or shock or something runs through it and practically knocks him out. It's not like we can go to a hospital... I didn't know what else to do, but I had to try something."
“That wasn’t your toy, buddy. You can’t have that one, but if you want a doll you can ask your Papa or Daddy later.” He picked Indy up and bounced him a little.
Indy nodded and sighed, relaxing further into Steve’s embrace. “Happy and safe.” Indy explained. “Forever?” He looked up to meet Steve’s gaze and he nodded in agreement immediately.
Tony helped Steve take the hospital gown off, untying it on the side and pushing it off his shoulders, letting it fall to the bed. Steve was naked underneath and Tony got to see the full scope of the damage. Steve shivered which broke Tony from his trance and he grabbed the new clothes.
The call to assemble came a couple days after that and Steve had half a mind to send the rest of the team, maybe even Bucky, so he could stay with Tony but one exasperated look from Tony had him suiting up. With assurances that Tony would be fine and that Bucky would be watching Indy Steve had left.
“I - I’m sorry, Tony. If I did anything you didn’t like, or made you uncomfortable. I don’t have any experience with kids but I tried my best. I thought - I don’t know, I -“ he rambled.  Tonys head snapped up.
“It’s getting late. Why don’t we go brush your teeth and change into your pajamas and we can watch a movie, okay? This little girl needs some quiet time I think.” Steve picked Indy up off the sofa.
“No.”  Indy looked up at Tony sadly and then down to the ice pack that was still sitting on his arm. He reached out and touched the ice pack gently with one finger. “Da get better?”
“Hey baby girl,” Tony said gently. “You need a name, huh? I’ll come up with a fun nickname soon enough.” She stared at him as he spoke so she was distracted enough to not fuss. “You’re a cutie. You know that?” He ran a finger down her cheek and she turned her head into the feeling. “Yeah you are.” He walked her around the room when she started to cry softly again until finally her eyes closed, exhaustion getting the best of her, and he let himself sit. He adjusted her so she was laying against his chest as he leaned back against the cushions. He watched as her mouth worked, trying to suckle on something in her sleep and he smiled.
She lifted her bag a bit to pull his attention. “I brought some things I thought we could play with today. I have some stuffed animals, some cars, a few puzzles.”
“JARVIS, put on a kids movie for us?” A moment later the screen turned on and bright colors bounced around the screen. Indy kept drinking but his eyes drifted to the movie and his breathing evened out. They stayed like that even once Indy fell asleep, and all through his nap, neither of them wanting to let him go just yet.
Steve leaned over and Clint pulled Tony to him. “What size are you huh? How old are you?” Tony held up 4 fingers. “Four? Are you sure?” Clint asked exaggeratedly. Tony nodded excitedly. The elevator stopped on Steves floor and they stepped out. Clint held Tony up in the air as far as his arms could go. “You don’t weigh much,” he told the boy. “You’re just a little peanut!” Tony giggled and flapped his arms like he was flying. “I don’t think you’re in 4 year old clothes,” he added, more for Steve. He brought Tony back down. “Ok, go back to Steve.”
“It’s okay, kiddo. Papa’s okay.” He nudged him to sit up a bit and Bucky stood next to the bed. Steve straightened up from Tony as much as he could.
“Come on.” He looked between Bucky and Tony. “I know this is hard, but we’re bound to all be in the same room at times. So, Bucky, please. What were you going to say?” Steve waited for a response and when he got none he pressed further. “What’s in the bag?” Bucky remained silent and looked seconds away from bolting from the room.
“How long was I out?” Tony asked, hating that his first thing had to be a question for info he needed, but, he did need to know how long Luca was laying there by himself.
“I come,” Indy says, turning in his seat, ready to go. Tony steadies him with hands around his waist.
“Hi, Tony.” He stepped closer, slowly. “You ready to get out of here?” Tony nodded fervently. Steve nodded and gave him a small smile. “What happened, Bucky?”
“Not so hard was it?” Tony asked flippantly. “Hey there, baby girl. You’re gonna be okay.” He bounced her slightly but she just continued looking at him, one of her hands finding its way to the material of his t-shirt and gripping it tightly.
“Hi,” Steve greeted, chuckling, because he may as well not even be there for all Tony noticed before having coffee. Tony moaned in reply to Steve because he refused to put the mug down long enough.  When he turned though he noticed it wasn’t just his boyfriend in the room. He made eye contact with Bucky and the soldier glanced away quickly.
“You weren’t allowed off the bed?” Indy nodded. “Was there something holding you there? Like something tied to you?” Indy looked up at Steve and whimpered.
“Nat dropped her off with me because she was getting fussy. I was headed to the kitchen but I saw you having a talk with him so I figured I’d give you some space to finish.” Tony held the baby’s hand against his chest.
“If you’re talking about planning and buying for a small gathering of our close friends with a reasonable amount of decorations and gifts, then yes.” Steve gave Tony a look and the latter shrugged noncommittally. Steve laughed. “Fine, let’s go.”
“Just sit next to the kid, it’s his birthday. He chooses,” Tony said, and nodded at the seat when Bucky seemed reluctant to move.
“Thank you,” Steve replied sincerely. He headed to the elevator and straight down to the Stark Industries corporate offices. It was just before 5 so he thought he could just catch Pepper before she left for the day. He knocked on her door and he heard her say to come in.
“Call me if you need this again, or anything else. Got it?” Pepper ordered. They both thanked her and she left the two men to relax with their son.
Steve huffed a quiet laugh. “I’m good,” he confirmed. “Just anxious. I can’t wait to be married to him,” he said quietly. Bucky smiled softly and nodded. He grasped Steve’s shoulder for a second and squeezed.
He stood up and carefully rearranged Tony who stayed asleep throughout. Steve ended up with Tony on his hip, arms and legs wrapped around Steve and Steve’s arm supporting his weight under his bottom. Tony, even unconscious, instinctively gripped Steve tight so that left one of Steves hands free. He approached Bruce and Luca and ran a hand through the boys fine hair. Bruce had taken off the onesie and diaper and Steve could now see what he couldn’t on the screen.
Bucky woke up early but sat on his bed staring at the folder in his lap until JARVIS let him know that Tony and Steve were awake and in the kitchen. He made his way down to the communal kitchen, folder in hand. Indy was sitting on Tony’s lap at the table eating pieces of cut up fruit.
“I think it came with a name actually,” Bucky announced, rummaging through the box he had torn open. “Yup. A birth certificate.” He handed a little piece of paper over to Steve which did indeed look like a replica birth certificate.
Fifteen minutes later Steve went to check on Tony because he hadn’t heard a sound since the water turned on. “Hey, sweetheart. You okay in there?” He asked as he stuck his head in the bathroom. The steam billowed out and Steve wondered how hot the water had to be for the amount of heat and condensation in the room at the moment. “Tony?” When he didn’t answer again Steve pulled the back of the shower curtain open and peeked in. Tony was standing under the spray, head down, water running over his face and shoulders shaking with silent sobs. “Oh, Bubba,” Steve whispered. Steve reached in and turned the water off but Tony still didn’t turn to him so he grabbed a towel and stepped in behind his husband wrapping him up and turning him around. “You’re okay. Come on, I’m gonna help.” He held Tony for a minute then walked him over to the edge of the tub, stepped out himself, then helped Tony out.
“What is wrong with you?” Steve snapped, as Tony continued walking, trying to ignore the man following closely behind him. “Do you have a death wish, Tony?” Steve sped up and sidestepped Tony so he could get in front of him, turning suddenly so they were face to face and Tony was brought up short, almost crashing right into him. After getting over the initial shock, Tony moved to step around his boyfriend but Steve brought his hand up onto Tony’s bicep, gripping it so he couldn’t leave. “You don’t get to walk away,” Steve said angrily.
Tony brought Indy and the bassinet out into the living room when he finished assembling it. Indy in one arm and dragging the bassinet behind him with the other.
“I see. Very nice,” Steve said dutifully. They had decided to get him a couple more since he loved the ones he had received for his birthday.
Steve headed down to the workshop to see if Tony would let him in. He heard loud banging sounds before he even reached the door, which was locked. He entered his code and thankfully it slid open.
“You can have it but let Papa make you the cocoa so you can have the whole thing together. He’s almost done. Finish your waffle.”
“Wow, it’s beautiful. You’re a little artist like your Papa, huh?” Tony looked up and Steve beamed, smiling down at his son and then at him.
“No, Peter, I’m sorry but you’re not coming.” Natasha quietly backed away to wait by the door and gave them a moment.
“What’s wrong,” he mumbled. Tony fidgeted where he stood, not answering. Outside, a a loud crack of thunder and a bolt of lightening lit up the room. Tony yelped and scrambled up the bed. “Oh Bubba, okay, come here.” He helped Tony up and lifted the covers over him so they could snuggle together. “It’s just a storm.”
“I see them,” Bucky answered, smiling at his excitement.  Steve went to make the cocoa and Tony reached over and pulled one of the candy canes out of the box, unwrapping one end.
“Good thing he’s got a blanket, huh?” Tony replied, fingering the washcloth wrapped around the llama.
“Mmm,” Steve hummed, already slipping into sleep. Steve was sound asleep moments later and Tony followed shortly after.
“See ya soon, Peanut,” Tony told the boy as he opened the conference room door. Steve joined him and they took seats across from the therapist who was busy cleaning up the puzzles and putting them back in her bag.
“I know,” Steve agreed. “Look, it’ll go by so quick and he’ll be right downstairs. But if at any point it becomes too much we’ll just go get him, okay?”  Tony nodded hesitantly.
“Sweetheart, what’s wrong?” Tony sat next to him and put a hand on his thigh. Steve flinched and pulled away. “Hey, okay, sorry. I won’t touch. Can you tell me what’s happening?” Steve shook his head.
Tony was already shaking his head. “No. It already hurt he just rubbed against the side of my chest here where there’s stitches. It’s fine.” Steve gripped his hand and rubbed his thumb against the back of Tony’s hand.
“Sure did.” He pulled his sleeve up past his forearm so Steve could see the large purpling bruise on the top of his arm.
“That’s it! Pa. That’s your Pa,” he pointed to Steve. “Go see Papa.”  Tony handed Indy over to his father. Steve settled the boy on his hip and Indy smacked the side of his face lightly.
“Hey, sweetheart. You’re okay. Did you have a good nap?” Tony wiggled his arms out of the blanket and out to Steve who picked him up right away. Tony curled up against him in a little ball so Steve arranged him so he was holding him sideways, more like a baby. “You are just a little peanut aren’t you?” Tony put his thumb in his mouth and looked up at Steve who kissed him on his forehead.
Bucky sat in the spot Tony vacated when he left the room. “I can try to let her sleep on me til the bassinet gets here?” he said motioning for Steve to pass her over. They carefully transferred her without waking her again and Bucky settled back with one hand cupping his daughter around her bottom to keep her in place and the other picked up her little fingers and watched as they Instinctually grasped his. He smiled.
“Who’s kissing you?” Tony asked happily. Steve rounded the sofa and plopped down next to Peter and Luca giggled, bouncing his hands up and down a few times in excitement.
Indy peeked out and turned in Steve’s lap so he was sitting sideways. He grasped the paper and tore the piece Steve had started then looked up to his dad for confirmation that’s what he should be doing. Tony took a quick picture. “That’s it, Peanut. Tear it all off. See what it is,” Tony said excitedly. With his Papa’s help he finally managed to get it unwrapped and he was very happy about the bright, colorful book about animals.
Steve grabbed a pair of Tony’s dark gray sweatpants and helped him slide them on then handed him a tank top which he managed himself. Steve went to the closet and got one of his own zip up sweatshirts for Tony to wear, knowing it would be big on him but comfortable.
