The two women shot Tony a look that clearly communicated that they weren't fooled by his delaying tactic, but turned toward the King and smiled politely anyways.
One day Tony beckoned to him to follow him out into the Lab where he had made him sit on Tony's stool before replacing the metal arm that Tony had fit him with at first, with the brand new one. The first arm was well made, but Tony had always insisted that it was temporary until he finished the new one they had designed that day at his table. Bucky had tried to tell him that it was enough but Tony wouldn't hear it.
It seemed like an eternity, but in reality it had only been three weeks. Three weeks of absolute hell. The clean-up continued. Families trying to locate each other, orphans brought to the palace temporarily until plans could be made. M’Baku partnering with Ramonda and the other tribes to provide the bare essentials to all of Wakanda’s people.
Tony stepped forward, opened his mouth and said, “Peter volunteers as tribute!”
The reporter pressed on, "Sir, what do you think about all of the politics lately, can you tell us, are you Team Iron Man or Team Captain America?"
Ross wouldn’t bow though. “You’ve asked to be involved in exactly 10 missions. Enough that the public sees the team again, just like old times, but you don’t want to stay with them?” Ross had a positively predatory smile on his face now. He had seen a chink in the armor and was going to chip away at it, hard. “Trouble in paradise, Stark? Are you finding it difficult to trust the people who stabbed you in the back and left you? Oh, I’m sorry, I mean, stabbed you in the chest?”
Tony opened both his eyes now, lifting his head from the headboard and giving James a scandalized look.
"Secretary Ross, King T'Challa, to what do I owe the pleasure?" He plastered on a nonchalant grin as he folded his arms and leaned against the kitchen island counter.
And nothing would stop Steve from believing with wholehearted conviction that it was his fault. First, his actions led to the Mad Titan and played a part in murdering half of the universe, then he reversed it and ended up only finding himself responsible for the deaths of two of the people he loved most. He all but murdered his family.
Shortly after landing and getting the fuel they desperately needed, Nebula declares she is going for information and that Tony will stay on the Milan and wait for her to return. Tony doesn’t love the idea, but since he has no idea where they are, what species live here, which language they speak, or really anything else, he doesn’t argue with her and simply nods. Satisfied with his silence she stalks down the ramp out into the hazy grime of the planet’s filthy city.
"He hurt me Tony, he hurt us." She sobbed.
“I was with her all day and night the day of the supposed attack.” Vision spoke.
Steve stood up, but didn’t move from the counter as he raised his voice to match Tony’s, “You held back Tony. In that bunker. Why?” Tony looked affronted, “I did not
T'Challa continued saying, "He lives in the Compound for now, but I know that he does not plan to stay longer than the mandatory time that the UN Council has set. You are to work together and show the people you protect a united front, and after the World believes you and you are seen as heroes again, the UN will not longer enforce Iron Man to remain living under the same roof, but for now that is where we stand. I will be honest and tell you that he fought tooth and nail for this not to be the case, so before you voice your displeasure, I can assure you, the feeling of not wanting to be in close proximity is mutual."
"She is a particularly nasty old bat, isn't she? Someone should have warned you about her. Too bad when we met this morning I was caught off guard in the UN bathroom, huh?"
Steve left to pack his own bags, leaving Wanda and Clint to make their own decisions. He had influenced them once; he wouldn't be doing it again.
This chapter is dedicated to:  iron-capsicle (dont_we_all_fall) who’s comments made me smile and gave me the motivation to push on and post the last 3 chapters before this one!! Thanks for being you!
"Even if they were your friend." Natasha pushed off the door frame where she had been leaning. "At least Barnes had the excuse of not being himself." She indicated the man next to her with a head tilt.
Tony shut his eyes and relaxed into his seat. Yes, he was pretty sure that he was in for an ass kicking when he got home. Hopefully Laura would let him snuggle Nathaniel a little bit first.
“I do.”
“In case it escaped your perfect vision Cap, I’m right here.” Tony sounded tired as he continued to climb the stairs. Without thinking Steve said, “My perfect vision can definitely appreciate the view right now, Tony. But you almost weren’t okay, you scared Peter pretty bad that day. The rest of us too. If you and I are going to lead the team together, even for only 10 missions, we need to be ready.”
"You seem to have recovered nicely, Mr. Stark." T'Challa commented coolly, his eyes leaving the hickey and scanning the crowd around them. Tony raised an eyebrow at this. Why did the King seem bothered by it?
“Nebula, the second daughter of Thanos?”
Tony didn’t move his head, but let his eyes slide to his left and land on T’Challa as he continued to speak.
Against his neck, he heard and felt Tony saying something. He tried to focus and strained to hear the words. “Peter. Oh my god, Steve, Peter is gone. He turned to ash in my hands. I held him. He was so scared. They’re gone, they’re all gone. I couldn’t- there was nothing-”
Tony. Steve's heart felt like it broke and mended itself ten times at just the sight of the man. He looked awful. He looked beautiful. Awful and beautiful, Steve's brain couldn't decide which one to land on. Tony looked absolutely exhausted, dark circles around his eyes, although now that he thought about it, they myriad of bruises covering Tony's face blended into the dark circles.
The look on Tony's face suggested he knew full well that he was in trouble. Maggie Lang came to stand beside Laura Barton with her hands on her hips as well, Tony cleared his throat and said quickly, "I'm sorry, I forgot to introduce our guest, King T'Challa of Wakanda, please, meet Laura Barton and Maggie Lang."
She leveled Thor with a tempered glare and said, “I did not do it for any of you. I did it for him.” At that, she turned and started back up the ramp, calling for Rocket to help her unload some of the things off the ship that she and Tony had gathered in their three weeks of absence.
“I can handle it, красный, please, let it go. Nothin’ I haven’t heard.”
FRIDAY was a comfort to him. He missed Jarvis, but he wasn't sure he should feel that way with Vision around. Vision had been a great friend, though often a silent presence, he was always there for Tony.
James and Rhodey actually get along very well with their military background and shared tactical and strategic mindset. Pepper was frosty at first but began to warm up when she saw how much Tony relaxed in his presence.
For Steve, that was enough. He stood suddenly and opened his mouth to make an excuse but couldn't make a sound, beating a hasty retreat down the stairs to the basement.
"So," she continued, "we need to be here for each other. I know it doesn't seem like it, but we are still a team. Not the same team we were, of course, but a team none the less. You and I work well together in the field, and we can help Vision get there with us. We can still do good and we can still kick ass. But I can't do it alone and I can't do it if you are stumbling around intoxicated. We need to talk to each other. We need to avoid the things that caused this whole mess and we need to communicate. So. Let's start getting this shit all out right now so that we can face everything together, like we were meant to."
“Captain Rogers suffers from an incurable illness; he is simply unable to do something if he doesn’t believe in it.” Tony tried to lighten the situation a bit.
He smiled to himself before launching into an abridged explanation of his thoughts and feelings from the last few months; the changes he needed to make, the person he wanted to be, and everything about Tony. He was done keeping secrets, besides, it’s not like she didn’t know. Everyone who knew him knew that he loved Tony, hell even Tony knew. He needed help, and if the AI might help him, the chance lay with him being honest and telling her the truth so she could help him get the best information.
“What he means by that,” Scott cut in, “Is that he only knocked me on my ass 20 times.”
************************************************************
He felt tears gather in his eyes and saw the same tears in the eyes of his teammates as Bruce recounted the events occurring after his fall. Tony had been unfairly alone, his only back up being the boy who shouldn’t have left his school bus in the first place. The kid was strong, but he was just a kid. Steve felt a tear fall and didn’t bother to brush it away as he clenched his hands together tightly. He locked gazes with Natasha and saw her tears, knowing she was thinking the same thing he was; If they hadn’t fought, they could have all been there together, Tony wouldn’t have been so alone. Bruce neared the end of his story in New York, Strange being taken hostage by one of the children of Thanos, with Spider-Man attempting to retrieve him and Tony following to retrieve them both. All of them, disappearing to the sky. After that, Bruce knew nothing more.
He smiled at her and turned slightly to follow her gaze toward the torrential storm outside. "You know, if he were here right now, he would tell you that he could do much better than this pathetic drizzle."
"I'm not hungry Buck, but thanks."
“Your Highness, I am afraid you have lost me. It is a long journey past the hoards of rabid reporters and UN Delegates to my car, so I hope you can understand that I must cut our conversation short. As you said, we are both busy men.” With that he turned and pushed the heavy polished wood door open with a strength he didn’t feel and held his head high as he exited the building.
- but it had a bunch of smaller pieces of paper taped over it, almost covering the image. Stepping closer he easily recognized his own children’s drawings mixed with what he assumed to be Cassie Lang’s. They were crayon drawings of Iron Man, the Compound, Aunt Nat, family holding hands, many of the other Avengers, the farmhouse, and other heartwarming scenes.
T'Challa smiled and eyed Tony warily. "How long have you known?"
"Uncle Tony!" Cassie's tearful voice rang through the silence. She tried to shake off her mother but Maggie kept her grip on the girl. "Cassie, for God's sake he's hurt, calm down. We talked about this!"
“But can’t you research which planets have inhabitants who resemble you?” Tony theorized.
“I wanted to die back on Titan. I tried by best to do so. So no, right now, I really couldn’t give a shit either way.”
He rolled his eyes hearing T’Challa’s low chuckle. “You must be feeling victory, at least, my friend? After all, is this not what we have been striving towards?”
“Peter.” Is all he manages to choke before he succumbs to the darkness.
Tony raised a dark eyebrow at him. “I seem to remember the Accords specifically stating that you were allowed to leave if you are accompanied by your guardian.” He gestured towards himself. “So, suit up Falcon. I’ll even strap you into your car seat.” He said with a wink before turning and continuing to the elevators.
Steve has never actually seen Tony in action outside of the Iron Man suit. Objectively, yes, he knew that Stark Industries was a titan in the corporate world, and he knew that Tony himself had led Stark Industries to become the behemoth that it was after Howard’s sudden death. Pepper had taken over and continued the progress, but Tony was the one who had pushed his legacy through the dark times and out the other side to where it now reigned at the top of the world. So yes, Steve knew that Tony must have the skills and the prowess in the corporate setting, but just like Clint and the others, he had never actually seen it.
Tony brought an arm up around James’ shoulders, receiving comfort as much as he was giving it. “I just wanted the nightmares to stop.” He whispered.
Bucky just continued to stare at him. He could wait out Tony's attitude, it's not like he was going anywhere. He told him as much and Tony couldn't help but chuckle.
“So,” Clint said as they started to move towards the doors, “Do you think you’ll get the offer you wanted?”
“Don’t come back until I tell you to, got it?” They all answered affirmatively. Once the doors closed, Tony called out, “FRIDAY, don’t let any of them out of the Penthouse until I give the all clear, got it? Whatever it takes Babygirl, you keep them upstairs no matter what. Got it?”
Steve's smile fell slightly as he mumbled, "No, I know Tony has been doing just fine. I meant Bucky."
Turns out that maybe it wasn’t, since when the ball connected with the wall and made a dull thump, Stark nearly jumped out of his skin, ducking and diving behind the counter and whipping around in the direction the noise came from, arm raised with the gauntlet repulser aimed at the spot.
“But they haven’t finished. Until they do, Ross is still in power. They never issued him a suspension.” Steve ground his teeth. Here they were at the Compound without Tony or T’Challa, the two people who knew how to deal with this kind of situation. He took a deep breath and tried to ground himself. FRIDAY had reached out to him in Tony’s absence and he would take that for what it was.
“Thanks, Tony.” Clint said from his perch on the counter. Tony shot him is best look of innocence as he said, “I just want to rub your nose in it.”
The unfairness was stifling to him. Here Tony was, trying to help them all, taking care of the families that Clint and Scott had left behind, offering to give Steve his friend back and Barnes his life back. It made him sick not to be able to tell them the truth.
, he thought,
"I assure you, it is short, and it was very important to Mr. Wilson that you hear it."
that Super Soldier serum affords.” And if that didn’t just ruin Steve’s day.
Flashing his best winning smile, he was about to brush past the King and leave when the King’s next words stopped him in his tracks.
They all nodded. "Good. Sergeant Barnes, lead the way." Bucky stepped up and pressed the release button, opening the door.
They sat in silence for a few more minutes before Wanda took a deep breath as if she wanted to say something, but released it again after a second thought. “Tony?” She finally asked in a small unsure voice. “Hmm?”
Steve nodded without a thought as Tony took his hand and led him to sit on the bed. “Do you have a side you prefer?” Tony asked quietly. Steve had never shared a bed with anyone before so he shook his head no. Tony let go of his hand and took a few steps backward, his eyes never leaving Steve’s as he pulled off his shirt with a wince and made his way over to the bathroom door, closing it behind him.
“I know, Wanda.” He tried to sooth her.
Ross’ smile grew as he took a step toward Tony and Steve. “Actually, I can. Read the King’s precious Accords. It’s a safety precaution. If one of you is implicated in a crime, you can be detained by the government until it is determined whether you are a threat or not. That’s the law you all signed, isn’t that right King T’Challa?”
But, he had made a promise. If there was one thing his father had taught him, it was that honorable promises were to be kept and that a King focused on the greater good. So he set his mind to do just that, and kept his secret truth to himself, grinding his teeth and biting his tongue at every character slight they attributed to Tony Stark.
With that he walked out of the room and back into the communal area with Nate babbling away happily at his toys.
They all shared awkward glances at that. Okay, so Tony felt that this was something they should all be included on.
Steve had been beyond embarrassed, but didn't even bother trying to deny it. Bucky had given him a small smirk and a head shake.
, the exiled Avengers would soon be able to return to New York. T’Challa and Tony had worked together for months to insure that everything was perfect. Or as least as perfect as this shitstorm of a situation could be. Tony had to admit, he was actually surprised it had come together this well, considering where they had started.
Laura Barton slowly turned and leveled fiery eyes at her husband. Clint was frozen to the spot, and Steve honestly couldn't blame him. The look on Laura's face was anything but welcoming. It was stony and impassive.
“FRI. Open the door baby-girl.” Tony called out, looking around at all of them still gathered in the BARF Simulation Room.
Красный – Russian for "Red"
He and James were having a good time though, the banter back and forth was amusing for everyone to watch. Steve tried to focus on the fight, but was having a difficult time. Tony was wearing a black tank top and grey jogger warm ups that hung on his hips in what Steve could only describe as sinfully distracting. His ass looked absolutely amazing.
Wanda buried her face in Vision’s chest. Shuri’s furious typing on Tony’s tablet drew the room’s attention. “Tony and I designed an implant together months ago, after he scared everyone by drinking so much he was put in medical. We wanted a way to make sure that he could be checked in on by others if he couldn’t trust himself.” Steve struggled to breathe through her revelation. “It is tiny, no bigger than the head of a pin, but it records and transmits audio, video, vitals, location, all of it. He had it implanted in his eye months ago. I have accessed it many times, I am accessing it now. We can find out where he is and make sure he is alright.”
All eyes simply continued to stare at him, no one making a sound. Right, better press on then, he thought.
Tony has listened to pieces of some of the news broadcasts and none of them are pretty.
Tony gave her his most charming smile as he leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Next to Steve, Scott was trying to catch Cassie's eyes, but the small brunette resolutely kept her eyes on her mother.
Steve's attention snapped away from his bickering teammates at that.
Steve stood rooted to the spot in the doorway where Tony had left him. Slowly he made his way to the bed in the middle of the room and sunk down on it, staring at the wall and letting Tony’s words sink in. First, the fact that Tony had even spoken to him was incredible. Second, they hadn’t yelled or thrown any punches, never mind that Steve hadn’t said a word and Tony had been holding a baby at the time, it was still massive progress for them.
“Because I can’t!” Tony yelled in his face.  “Can’t or wont?” Steve asked as Tony shook his head.
Natasha could only roll her eyes at his retreating form. The man really did know how to play the room. He could have made a great spy in another life. She kept her eyes on him as he moved about the room with a practiced ease.
Steve couldn't believe that of all people, he would be hearing this from Wanda.
He sighed heavily. "Sam, this is not my place. It is not my story to tell. I was there by chance only, and that does not give me the permission to share what is not mine."
"Damn right. Now I know you are old, but I know you know phones work both ways, so how about one of these days you try using it. If we know one thing about Stark, it's that his stubborn ass will hold a grudge until the day he dies if you don't get that ball rolling. He isn't going to reach out to you, if that's what you've been waiting for."
Behind Ross's back, T'Challa tried to suppress a smirk.
As he watched Bucky steal some of Clint's grapes, he couldn't find it in himself to be sorry that he held gone against the Accords or gone against the government in order to keep him safe. Bucky was his best friend, and he had owed him his life. Seeing his friend back, playfully chatting with his teammates, sporting the smile he never thought he'd see again, it made him happy. He couldn't regret it. His regret was that seeing Bucky's happiness should never have come at the cost of the trust and possibly forever, the love of Tony Stark.
Peter felt his own smile stretch across his face as Tony released him and he heard the others against the wall cheer. He turned toward the noise and saw Bruce, T’Challa, Shuri, James, Steve, and Sam all cheering and clapping for him.
“She never calls me King, you know. I’m sensing some favoritism happening here. Am I not a king here in my own castle?” T’Challa ignored him and sat down next to him and continued, “I think it is time we start the next phase in your plan. We have left that insufferable man in power for far too long.”
“You have no idea how many times I’ve heard that.” He said, smile evident in his voice.
Tony's tears slid down his cheeks silently and onto James' hands as he continued to hold his gaze. "And guess what pal? I'm with you, to the end of the line."
Upon finishing he had stood up so quickly he saw black spots color his vision and after exiting the council room made a b-line for the nearest restroom. On the outside he portrayed the calm cool Tony Stark that the media and public knew so well. On the inside, he was nearly breaking.
Flashes from the cameras, shouting and applause drowned out any other sounds as Tony Stark exited the car, shaking Happy's hand and whispering something to him as he stood before turning toward the crowd. He looked absolutely… well, wonderful, if Sam was being honest, and he didn't even roll that way. His suit was a bright white with a dark blood red tie and matching pocket square, the whole thing tailored perfectly to fit his frame. He had his classic dark sunglasses covering his eyes, even though it was evening in New York City.
Steve didn’t have a good reason to say no, there wasn’t anything important on the agenda today, he didn’t see any excuses. They all stood up after finishing breakfast, agreeing to meet back together in the garage in an hour.
*************************
"I could care less what you think or feel! You'll not only play the forgiving man; you'll extend your help to James Barnes. Your little presentation at MIT has turned a lot of heads, and King T'Challa here brought up the possibility that you might just be able to use it to clear The Winter Solider Programing out of Sergeant Barnes' head forever. What a perfect chance for all of us. We get Barnes back, eventually Captain Rogers will follow him, and your pathetic drunken playboy public image is even saved in the process."
Instantly, the screen came to life with the news coverage from Channel 7.
Tony chuckled a little at that. He had always liked Wilson and they had gotten along well before everything had gone to hell in a handbasket. His message to Tony and Rhodey from Wakanda had been kind and had meant a lot to them both, even though Tony knew Rhodey never blamed Sam for what had happened to him. He wondered if they had spoken at all. Tony was sure Rhodey would have mentioned it. Then again, Rhodey was busy and wasn’t around as much. When he was, he spent most of his time with Tony, who definitely didn’t try to spend his time with any of the Compound’s occupants who weren’t allowed in the Penthouse.
While T’Challa understood the feeling, he was smarter than that. First of all, FRIDAY was under strict orders from Tony to keep them all in the Penthouse until his say so. Second, the last thing any of them needed was an incident like that to happen in the Avengers Compound while the King and Princess of Wakanda were guests, though FRIDAY could probably take care of that part. So, he sat and listened to every nauseating word that fell from Ross’ mouth and calmed himself by imagining how good it would feel to finally take the man down for the world to see. They had needed to put that part of their plan on hold longer than they had wanted, but it was clear now that they had waited long enough.
Sweat was dripping from his forehead as he and James circled around each other with matching predatory grins. With a quick movement from James, Tony ended up pinned on his stomach beneath Bucky, who was straddling his hips. Tony’s breath was knocked out momentarily, before he huffed out a laugh and wriggled under his captor.
At their silence he nodded once more and pulled the Accord documents out of the briefcase on the floor at his feet. He set a packet and pen in front of each of them.
"Alright, I already know you are upset, I'm sure it has to do with the video Channel 7 aired."
"Rogers." Tony's voice called out. He froze on the spot and slowly turned back towards Tony, his heart in his throat.
Upon seeing Steve’s pleading and puppy dog eyes, Dianne led Steve and James to Tony’s room where Natasha was sitting in a chair she had pulled up to Tony’s bedside and was resting her hand on top of Tony’s. Her eyes were red from crying but she smiled at them and stood from the chair as they entered. Steve took long strides and would have fallen to his knees at Tony’s bedside if Natasha hadn’t guided him in to her vacated seat. The whole time, his eyes never left Tony’s unconscious form. James extended a hand to Natasha and pulled her into a comforting hug before closing the door behind them and walking back to the waiting area with the others.
“Tony lost his mother and he thought his father was responsible. After that, Tony continued to party, the booze and sex was constant, but he never got attached to anyone. He was so used to being used and abandoned that he decided he would do the leaving before anyone else had the chance to do it first. After Afghanistan, Obadiah Stane’s actions only reinforced that belief. For a long time, he only let a few of us very close. I’d do anything for him and I almost went insane when I lost him for a few months. So I get it Steve, I get why you did what you did for James. There are two things I know about Tony; he’s forgiving and he doesn’t know how to stop trying. Hell, he would have forgiven Howard if he had ever bothered to ask for it.”
She smiled, “Under a minute, actually. You are quite punctual. Give my thanks to Bruce.”
“Sup, Cap? How was the gym?” He greeted. Tony’s smile faltered a bit at the mention of Steve, but quickly replaced it with his mask. For Steve, that was much worse than if Tony just glared at him.
The camera watched Tony step back again and and give the man another once over before giving a tilt of his head towards a side door, quite obviously an invitation.
“Well Mr. Stark, you said you trust Captain Rogers, if that is so, would you mind sharing some of your reasons with the rest of us so that we can feel as optimistic as you do?” That reporter wouldn’t dare something like this if Tony were standing in his full suit.
T'Challa recovered from the spectacle unfolding in front of him enough to barley step out of the elevator and on to the floor before the doors closed on him.
The other who had shown the same dedication to him was Pepper. They had been though too much together for either of them to walk out of the others life. Even when they had finally realized that things wouldn’t work out between them romantically, they had remained close. She was always there for him, and for that he was endlessly grateful. She even remained at Stark Industries and handled everything they both knew Tony didn’t have the patience for. She deserved the best, Tony wasn’t that, and he never would be. They had let each other go and they loved each other all the more for it.
Sweat poured down his body, as he stood in the middle of the floor, his chest heaving. He stumbled a bit before sinking to the mat in exhaustion. His angry panting slowly began to calm down slightly, turning instead into small gasps as tears began to cloud his eyes.
And yet, T’Challa had not told the panel about the video, the words Tony had shared with Ste- his former teammate-, or the condition Tony had been left in.
Tony finally broke the connection, tilting his head towards the last bin in the cart.
Nebula lowered her mouth to Tony’s ear as they slowly walked. His tilted his head towards her to hear her words, but even Steve’s enhanced hearing couldn’t pick up the words she spoke.
Tony's retreating voice could be heard as he yelled, "The pizza is here, asshole. You'll be lucky if you get any at this point!"
Steve called out, “Nice job, Queens.” As he moved forward with Sam and stood at the ropes next to Peter, while James walked to the other corner.
She sounded relieved.
As he looked around he saw the other members of the team having the same reaction. Tony's voice came over the comms, saying,
“You don’t know what I’ve done!” She yelled, more tears falling now. “You don’t know who I am, how many people I’ve hurt!”
Natasha’s voice was low in Steve’s ear as she began to speak, “Have you ever been in a room and seen Tony Stark and Pepper Potts walk in side by side? The entire room goes quiet. Even those who don’t like them or who envy them fall completely silent, like a strange reverence.”
Tony wants him too.
Then Clint scoffs.
“Sure, sure,” he grinned, maybe using a little more teeth than he usually
voice. He was
Tony’s relieved to see a smirk playing out on his lips.
Steve’s eyes are open, but he can barely see for how good he feels, and
turn. “Might as well, when I can’t have what I really want,” he shrugs.
over the table to look at Steve. Steve keeps his eyes fixed on the liquid
The line of Tony’s fingers is sweeping tantalizing close to the center,
held firmly in position so that Tony can nuzzle into the chords of his neck
“Steve,” Tony says, his voice dark and heavy, sliding down his spine like
Anger twinges in Steve’s chest, but Tony continues, eyes focused somewhere on the ground near their feet.
Steve gapes. “Th – that was an accident. I had no idea Tony thought Bucky and I were together. I wasn’t trying to turn it around on him, or, or – make light of the situation or anything! And besides,” he adds, indignation warring with his nerves. “What have you done to stick up for Tony?”
as well, simmering just below the surface.
Steve’s feeling a little calmer by the time Tony returns, grinning ruefully
now recognize means he’s fighting back embarrassment of his own, and Steve
is, then he continues. “Because I’m not going to lie, Steve. I’d really
Steve was usually amused by Tony’s over-generous use of nicknames and other
squeezes Tony’s arm and hopes he heard him anyways.
rushes south from the close proximity.
running into Bucky in the process.
shocked, beautiful faces staring at him then snapped his fingers
down his arms and sides and Steve finally lets himself groan. Tony chuckles
are running under his stomach up to his chest, fingertips digging upwards
Good. If he can’t mark the passage of time, he can pretend it doesn’t
again. He lets himself be moved across the cushion from the gentle weight
his hand away and holds very still.
stops to make sure Tony is following.
mouth to try to speak, he might start to sob instead.
anything like that – any of your attention in that way – I want it on
He’s mostly stripped and heading towards the showers when he hears the door
understanding, and he grits his teeth as his incredulous stare turns to
sweet-hearted lover, he had to remind himself sometimes. Not all the time,
it. I’m simplifying for you, of course, but I have a lot of
would usually say he agreed with. Actually, maybe he didn’t know them.
from the day before. They haven’t reached that still, quiet time before
as did his recollection of the words that had just come out of Steve’s
Howard winces. He sees Tony stalk back over towards the desk and loom over
it’s so worth it.”
expression. Tony’s eyes don’t leave his, once. It’s a heady feeling.
receding away from the alcove.
Tony liked to call them, they put on Star Trek. Tonight, though, Steve
proud of you.”
dance, but after a minute he shrugged, giving it up as a done deal, and
sleeping.
Tony’s fingers knead into the tops of his shoulders, rub a little more
Okay. He has a moment, then. He – he needs a moment.
evening.
“Because I would!” Tony continues, “You don’t always have to trick me into
wanting to curl up and hide at the same time that he wants to push into
familiar with it.
A creak sounds as Fury sits back down in his chair. “You know how hard it
reaction. But he knows now, he doesn’t have to worry about Tony thinking
intrusion, together, but he can see that for now Steve wants a reprieve.
feeling came over him when he considered his teammates – the ones in this
can’t help but turn his head to look at Bucky, who’s suddenly developed an
“Steve,” he says. “I feel like we were having two different conversations
For a second Steve’s face contorted, letting out a breathy little laugh,
play out any way other than how their relationship had always gone over the
oil,” Tony calls out. Oh god. Steve swallows thickly. He’s using oil?
If there was ever a time for it, though, it would be now.
Steve scuffs his feet nervously on the carpet. “N-no,” he says. “I mean, I was there! For a bit. But, um. I wanted to come see you. Rhodes said you were here. I thought maybe you and Ty might have gone out tonight.”
Tony pushes away from the desk and heads for the door. “And I think you
Their free hands have just tangled together on Steve’s cock when the door
still-booted foot that’s flung over the back of the couch; the other is
into the middle distance.
the crowd celebrating and the band playing fade away as the door slams shut
directed at him – that was just painful. But then Steve threw him a distant
within him, massaging him from the inside, pushing more and more oil into
“Would you just – come on Klondike, work with me here.
happening, judging from the murmured appreciation and words of
Steve keeps his eyes shut. He’s trembling again, shuddering and pushing his
this.
He was very calm.
Steve stormed past him, red-faced and shaking.
to correct him and teach him new things all the time, not when it’s him.
Which Howard very well could have been, if he wasn’t, you know, himself. He
looks down at the floor.
silences that hung between them every time Steve was faced with something
is, and how Steve didn’t do anything wrong, and how Tony is
justifiable ranting.
center between his shoulder blades.
Finally Tony subsides, fingers stilling inside of him as his thumb strokes
Steve to bluff his way out of his predicament fades from view, if it ever
“Steve,” he said. “Figuring out how to do something is step one. You know
through the slit and Tony tells him to come and so he does.
“There’s no excuse for cheating,” Steve interjects firmly. He needs Tony to
have this anymore, he never got to let go, to lose himself completely until
Tony’s head snaps back up to the others, and he growls at them. “Get –
his son, he’d do it in a heartbeat. Well, by God, he’s got the opportunity
“But I was.” Steve bit out, stepping forward to meet him. “I
Steve had his lips pursed as the pencil in his hand scratched across the
steadily more murderous, as they slide in behind where Clint is sitting and
Steve’s heart is pounding now, and his mouth is dry as he tries to swallow
shiver crawling up his spine. He wants to shift, wants to slide his hips
area of the room.
Shaking himself a little, Tony drags his eyes upwards to Steve’s face, a
telling Steve how good he’s being, how good Tony always knew he would be
relaxed again. He’s not thinking of anything, just taking the experience as
Steve can’t see him anymore, but his skin feels sensitive underneath the
All charitable and/or revolutionary thoughts flew out of his brain,
Steve looks up and around, surprised that Sam is leaving already, but then
near him to catch his eye.
rucked up under his armpits, chest and stomach spread out in the open like
guy down to be with him these days, you know.”
Tony stares back at him for a moment, eyes wide with too many emotions for
huddled, fighting desperately not to be found.
He squeezes the can in his hand hard enough for the beer inside to come
groundwork even though Tony told her they were going to be good and not
“Want a massage?”
Tony, I don’t. None of this is on you, okay? It just reflects poorly on Ty.” Tony doesn’t look convinced, so Steve plows ahead, heart jackhammering in his throat. “You deserve way better than how he treats you.
they’re sliding down his back and teasing at his entrance and digging into
this into place.”
Then Tony’s finger pushes against something inside of him that sends
would be able to get close enough to hear them without him noticing.
Tranquilly, he raised his arm to Steve’s chest and pushed him back a
firmly between Steve’s shoulder blades, pushing him back down to the bench
stubbornly. Though he knelt in the dirt he had the countenance of one who
fast within their grip. Whatever that place is inside of him, the one that
acknowledge it. Steve can put himself in Tony’s hands, literally and
Fury sounds deeply unimpressed. “Through your dick?”
He could help Steve through this, though, keep him from clamming up like he
Sam’s smile broadens into a genuine, happy thing, then he’s looking over
Steve smiles. It feels like he’s moving slowly, carving through some
his nerves down, but he shifts his thighs open even wider as Tony runs his
pressure increasing, agonizingly sweet, over his mouth. Hesitantly, Steve
in the back of his mind since they began, waiting impatiently for him to
“Hey, hey,” he soothes. “It’s alright,” he says helplessly, even though
what’s the point? You ever just try asking, straightforward, for what you
who steals all the oxygen out of whatever room he enters, and this is
To Steve’s mortification, his hips give an involuntary thrust as Tony
works his way down, digging fingers into his thighs and calves, spending
spilled out and he’s crying now, oh god, Tony’s never going to want to have
Oh. Tony’s face felt hot as he looked down at the tabletop, fiddling with
due to their rebelliousness – and Tony had to smile at that.
mind. In fact, he seems to like it, seems to like everything that’s
“I do care about you, Tony,” Fury says. “You seem to think I can predict
“You can just lay down on your stomach there on the bench. I’ll get some
head to hide a grin and releasing the tension in his shoulders enough times
Maybe he couldn’t remember them right now. Anyways, they were bullshit
“Ok,” was what he said after a long, somewhat excruciating moment of
He rolls his hips experimentally, only to look surprised as Tony’s
pleasure flaring hot and bright through him, causes his eyes to fly open as
the evening together we had planned out.”
Tony grinned at them.
Tony was wandering the stalls afterwards, crushing the pamphlets he’d been
His brain refuses to come all the way back online. “You’re not supposed to
how good it feels.
me – just talk to me about your goals and
the privacy of his mind. He envisions the two distinct views melding into
“What the fuck?” Steve snaps as he tries to wipe off his jacket before it stains.
the holo back in front of him and he settled his hands on the keypad and
okay. He’d mingle with a bunch of strangers. He was a damn good mingler.
grinding on Ty’s lap for 90 minutes before Steve puts two and two together.
the three or four full-time jobs he currently had, the ones that paid the
he even registers they’ve left the bench, or remembers that they exist at
Howard lets himself out after Tony leaves. Fury looks at him coolly, smirk
hands. And try as he might to will it into existence, the truth is that
The cloth dips into the crease of his ass, hesitates for a moment, then is
as two thumbs
“Hey, no, no no no, sweetie, I’m here,” Tony says quickly, brow furrowing
society from glorified slavery while throwing a wrench into the
about it any longer!”
raises his eyebrow, so he forces himself to sit back and figure his way
there’s a smile twinkling behind that challenging eye. “You planned this,
the one making this all happen. Steve isn’t doing
heard him. “Do you want – ?”
idea of him. Tony grinned again, swaying his way up to his feet to join
penthouse, curled up and swaddled near the center of the giant bed. He’s
he’s working his way over Steve’s body, as if Steve was the one doing
line from shoulder to ankle. Everything is going to work out just fine.
face in Steve’s neck and empties himself completely, Steve has just enough
He wants to argue, a little, wants to object – because Tony is telling him
Okay, he didn’t usually hit this hard with the cold weather puns. There was
commanded respect and expected nothing less. He seemed as strong and steady
did, like he not once and would not ever understand a single thing Tony
that’s just his smile, flashing wide and real and a little tentative as he
every time he ran up against the limits of his timeframe and had to mark
and lips pulling down with worry as hot hands land onto Steve’s skin and
antics, though he might never admit it. Tony had caught him ducking his
It feels so good as Tony’s finger slips inside, so right and easy, and
He’s being uncharitable to Tony, though, and he
He stared into the blue for a long moment, and then he let his flight
Sam takes a sip of his drink.
they were supposed to meet them? But, wait. No, Tony had been surprised to
Steve feels that way about Tony, whichever way it is a man feels in order
Tony takes it and freezes when he sees it, tears welling up in his eyes again.
just put it down and stop drinking?” he asked, eyes following him, tracking
He took another sip and then leaned his head back over the top of the
gasps as the pool of oil that had collected in the small of his back is
him even higher. Bare toes sliding across the floor, pelvis raised off of
attention and gave him the most beatific, angelic, innocent,
chest clenches.
evening? It’s the middle of the
if the noise had bothered him, put him right back in that place – then Tony
There was a ringing in his ears he didn’t think was from the explosion.
source back for his own projects, and he curls unthinkingly around this new
“There you go,” Tony says lowly, and continues. He digs his palms into the
Then everything slams into him at once as time starts working properly
Steve closes his eyes. There’s nothing for it, now. Tony knows, and – Steve
most negative of situations.
him, aching heat spreading between his hips from that one point of contact.
remembered the protocol he had put in place that effectively immobilized
“Jesus, Tony,” Steve said, and well – Steve normally never used language
There was sighing happening, somewhere beside him. Just Steve, ‘cause –
Then a medic came over and pulled Steve back with her to get looked at, and
A sob tears its way out of Steve’s throat, and he tries to hide his face as
on the moan that had been building in his throat, before he lets go and
He’s forced to reevaluate that claim several times over, as Tony gradually
they? Would he, whatever, it was just him. Steve didn’t drink – he could
it all wrong. He shouldn’t be tacitly agreeing with what Tony’s saying – he
Tony nods once, then steps back. He looks like he’s reached a decision.
see them, too. He’d thought they were coming later.
would have done it by now. But they’re riding that ridge between annoyance
Then he hears a bottle being opened, followed by slick sounds as Tony runs
Steve’s flank the whole time, and that’s all the anchor Steve needs.
and now he’s gone. Tony’s gone. He, he – he’s back?
Rhodey had left, maybe. Pepper hadn’t come. Steve was the only one
Of course he had to go and want to lay claim to not one but two Omegas just
turned back to his work.
Thor’s lightning. Tony is close –
way or flirt or touch or, or dance, or,” Steve swallowed, “have sex or
He’s putty in Tony’s hands. Tony is kneading him and pulling him like bread
tension there.
Steve can’t help but twitch at the question, and of course Tony notices and figures what it means. “Oh,” Tony says, and drops his eyes back down again. “Right.”
“Wha – Steve? What are you doing here?” Tony asks.
simulations to crash at the very end, but he so close, he was
to bite his lip and squirm against the seat.
warm and safe in the circle of the arms that are holding him.
We’re getting there, we
He swallows the thick sensation rising in his throat, and then he thinks –
They were having lunch at one of those little outdoor cafes that Steve
other before settling down into subsiding ripples and evening out.
“That doesn’t mean I needed to see –
the grocer on his block. His mother.
rests on the leather of the seat, still looking backwards at Tony.
The first time a kernel popped in the pan Tony had actually shrieked. Steve
But he’s been given a second chance, temporary though it might be. He
him – and he obviously doesn’t
pushed in a wave up the curves of his rear.
“Yes,” he manages to get out after the shortest eternity spent trying to
would be able to see Tony flitting around,
“I know we have – that tendency,” he says slowly. “And yeah, that’s not –
it works its way down.
had.
creative.
he loved, the one he got whenever he managed to revolutionize an entire
soft and wet onto his skin in between the points of Tony’s goatee that
an Omega they were interested in, but – Tony really wasn’t a normal Alpha,
Tony takes Steve’s hand and leans towards him conspiratorially. “Well,” he
God, what? Just let him – just let him fucking have this. He never got to
renew their battle against the tension they find there. “Didn’t you hear me
Tony’s giving it to him, and it’s such a relief to be able to just
be a good friend.
then his fingers are curling underneath the elastic of Steve’s underwear
He managed a strained smile of reassurance over his shoulder at the
throughout his life. Hanging off his son’s dick.
Tony could possibly use them flashing quickly through his mind.
with your
as his campaign for Omega personhood was really getting underway.
what – oh.
something like hope unfurling in his chest.
next, until he finds himself swaying on his feet, leaning onto the shorter
He storms out before Steve can stop him, leaving him gaping in his wake.
But then he sees that Tony is smiling and laughing a little through his tears. “You made DUM-E,” he says, looking up at Steve and positively blinding him with the smile unfurling across his face.
– he makes a big X
entirely.
musters himself to turn slightly, meeting Tony’s eyes where he looms behind
basking in the warmth of Tony’s focus.
Steve doesn’t notice anything besides the bottom of the red solo cup he’s staring into until Bucky leaps out of his seat with a curse, spilling his beer all over the both of them.
yourself? I thought that you were going to release the information anonymously, like the video of your parents and the information on Barnes and the team?”
In her distraction, it took her longer than it ever should have to realize she is being watched and followed by at least 2 very large, very dangerous individuals. Without much of a thought, she ducked into the alley to her left to prepare for the inevitable confrontation.
"You'll be modeling my masterpiece and you'll enjoy it, Barnes."
“Shut up and but your seatbelt on Barnes. We protect our senior citizens in this family.” Tony said and he and Sam laughed as James huffed and sat back to buckle his seat belt.
“I’ve wanted him for a very, very long time, James. I just needed to make sure I could actually do this. I can’t rush in and start something only to find I can’t do it and make it worse for all of us. I don’t think I could live through getting a taste of heaven and then be pushed right back into hell.” Tony shook his head and looked down at his hands in his lap. “I told him I loved him.” He whispered. He continued to look down and smiled in a self-depreciating way. “I once promised myself I would never be the one to admit that first.”
“Mr. Stark has once again insisted that he feels fine and would like to go home.” Dianne says from the other side of the room, her arms crossed and her face disapproving.
Steve couldn’t help but wonder what had transpired between them in the three weeks that the woman had developed such a fierce affection and loyalty for Tony, not that it surprised him. Tony was nearly everything to him, he shouldn’t be shocked that someone else saw just how much Tony was worth. He was suddenly very glad that Nebula had been left with Tony on Titan. If Steve couldn’t have been there himself, he had a feeling that he couldn’t have asked for anyone better to have Tony’s back.
He couldn’t be sure how long he stood on the precipice just staring as the mist swirled and covered his sight. It could have been seconds, minutes, or hours. Time didn’t mean much to him these days, especially not here. His throat felt tight but he cleared it and chose his words carelessly, letting emotion guide him.
Yes, it was a victory in a certain sense, the Rogue Avengers would be coming home, just what they had worked for months to achieve. So he should be feeling… what? He didn't know.
"…And?"
"Nothing can be done Wanda, it's too late. We are here, in Wakanda and everything else is miles and years away. I have to deal with the here and now."
“My name is Nebula. Gamora was my sister, my only family. I have nothing left to live for but to kill Thanos, and I will kill him. You fought him admirably, you are strong for a human. We could do it together.” The conviction in her voice finally draws him out of his thoughts. He turned to look into her hard black eyes as she stared at him steadily. He takes in the pain in her frame and her eyes.
Looking to his left he saw Rhodes. He was staring off at the wall, eyes not seeing anything as they spoke about his best friend in the world, who was now gone. The man looked wrecked and empty. Steve could relate, he felt the same emptiness. Rhodes was hardly breathing and his hands were shaking slightly as they hung limply at his sides. It was Bruce, who moved towards him and placed an arm around his shoulders. Rhodes didn’t even react.
The guard tapped the screen again, which showed the date being only 2 days ago. Steve shook his head, “That can’t be right.” He looked down to Tony, who was still holding him up. “Tony, you know that can’t be right. Wanda has been here, we have all been here, we can’t leave, you know that.” He said desperately.
Pepper Pots, and Happy Hogan. Bucky and Rhodes both rushed forward as the group stepped off of the elevator.
Steve decided this might just be the one chance he had to talk with Tony. The alcohol had loosened his tongue a little bit and they were literally stuck together, so Tony couldn’t stand up and leave.
“Doesn’t matter.” Tony said, smiling at him easily. “When you see it, you’ll know.” He pushed away from the counter and said, “Just give me a couple minutes to change and we’ll head out on the town.” James smiled and began to follow him when Sam suddenly called after them.
They made quite a pair. Clutching at each other like they depended on it to live, tears streaming between them.
“Mr. Stark, who will be leading the team?” A woman yelled.
"Nat, do you really think I would do something like this? That's why you are all so mad right, because it doesn't seem like me?"
"On the contrary," T'Challa replied smoothly, "He asked me to pass on his sincere apology and thoughts to you and Colonel Rhodes."
Steve nodded and gave Sam a small smile. "Nothing gets past you, Sam."
Steve extended his hand, the Time Stone hovering between his thumb and index fingers. With a hand movement he had seen Strange use, the necklace hanging around her neck opened and the Stone gracefully floated between them towards her. She closed it with another hand flourish.
Time nearly stopped as he watched himself raise the shield over his head and he saw Tony raise his hands. There was no doubt in Tony’s eyes, he saw death coming for him and he saw it from Steve’s hands.
“Good, send them a message, keep them away from the Compound until we know what Ross wants. Once it’s safe to do so, alert Tony and the others about the situation here, don’t let it distract them from their mission.”
During his speech, Ross moved to the other side of the kitchen island Tony was still leaning against.
Steve's eyes narrowed at the reporter on the screen.
Vision's voice in his ear appraised the situation, saying, "Captain, the dominoes were set up to trap us in the center of the city with too many civilians and no escape route."
that's what he always says, b-but there was a lot of blood, man. And his face is really banged up. I took a hit, I didn't see the bad guy, he was hiding. I wasn't paying enough attention- "
Tony shook his head and whispered, “You just called me baby.”
“Looking for something in specific, Sam?” James said with a smug smile.
suit. That man wears a Tom Ford three piece the same way he wears his Iron Man suit. Total grace and power. When Tony Stark walks into a business meeting, he is the definition of dominant.”
Immediately the group started to fire off questions at her before Steve and Thor were able to calm them down. It was Thor who stepped forward and addressed her.
All eyes turned on him for a moment. "Me?"
“Well then, I’d say you earned your treat little missy.” He winked as he handed her the Snickers bar. Delightedly, she took it and ran off after Cooper and Lila. Tony glanced at Steve again before turning around and addressing everyone.
"Wow." Sam said once the door closed softly. "Should I tell Stark that you're love sick and heartbroken too? Maybe he'd give you a hug like that."
“Tony, in case you are forgetting I was in that bunker-” Tony’s rage built exponentially at that, as he whispered,
What he thought might have been one of the worst weeks of his life turns out to be one of the best he has experienced in a long time.
"Oh, Steve." Wanda put a small hand on his arm in what was sure was mean to be comforting, but it felt wrong. "Tony lost it. He went after Bucky and I had to stand between them."
While in Wakanda all those years ago after the ‘Civil War’ Steve had picked up his voracious reading habit he had back before the serum, a lifetime ago. It helped him forget and helped him cope with losing almost everything he had. He read to Bucky in cryo all the time.
Now, sitting on the cold stone, a quote from one of those books replayed in his mind with persistent clarity.
"Your timing is nothing short of life saving, Mr. Stark." Tony threw this head back and laughed.
T'Challa gave him his best innocent smile and a shrug. "Humor me, Captain."
“Well… I don’t really know what I want so I don’t know what to ask you to pick up…” Sam said, trailing off.
She scoffed. "What was right? Leaving your family was right?"
James nodded and said, “T’Challa was a big the reason Tony pulled himself together and got his shit together enough to fix all of our shit. They leaned on each other a lot and became good friends as they fixed the Accords and everything.”
Tony smirked and said, "In a moment, your Higher-Highness. I don't think I have the energy to explain things twice. Let me put the kids to bed and the grown-ups will all sit down and talk."
“Oh I will, Stark. I own your pathetic life and you can have it back when the world is done with you. I saw your request to the counsel, by the way. Why do you want to retire?” Steve’s heart sped up with every word. Retire? Since when? Tony couldn’t retire, he was part of the team, they needed him. Steve needed him.
“Peanut butter.” Sam finished for him. James nodded with a smile. “Yeah, have you had them?”
About two hours later the elevators opened and ‘Science Squad’ stepped out. Scott was trying to pick out the webbing that Peter had stuck in his hair and Bruce was attempting to clean some of it off of his glasses with his shirt. Shuri and Tony were both bent over a tablet taking so fast that it sounded like another language. Tony asked her a question she must have found stupid, because she adjusted something on the tablet and slapped him upside the head, calling him an idiot. Tony looked positively elated with whatever she had done and leaned over to show Bruce, who made an
They all stood silently. "No?" Tony asked. "Alright then, I will."
Came her smooth answer.
They end up limiting their games of Hide and Seek to the Penthouse floor only, after Lila and Cooper take so long to find him he actually takes a nap. Of course FRIDAY, being the traitor she is, led them to his cramped hiding place in the closet on the 4th floor.
crosses the threshold. He knows his power and the effect it has on the room and its occupants. Look at the confidence, Steve, he knows he owns the room and he hasn’t even opened his mouth yet. And you know what his mouth is capable of, don’t you? All sharp wit and dangerous edges you could cut yourself on.”
For a horrible moment, Steve thought Tony was going to shake him off, but instead Tony gave him a light smile and leaned into the touch a bit, thanking him. Emboldened, Steve moved to place one hand on Tony’s arm and the other on the middle of his back as he walked. He glanced at Peter, who gave him a knowing smile and a subtle thumbs up. Having Peter’s support, Steve felt relief. He knew without a doubt in order to find any kind of place with Tony, he would need the kid’s approval.
“Is there no sense of fucking privacy with you people? Huh? Who the hell told you that you could come in here?” Everyone turned to look at him in shock. He was furious, his eyes flashing dangerously. James tried to explain, “Tony, FRIDAY alerted us you were in trouble-”
Instead of answering her question, he asked one of his own.
(See the end of the chapter for
He tried to remember to be gentle, to be mindful of Tony’s injuries, but as he gathered the smaller man into his arms he found that he could barely form a coherent thought that wasn’t the complete happiness that he found as Tony’s hands wrapped around him to return the hug just as fiercely.
Sniffing she realized that a single tear was making its way down her cheek. Angry with herself for showing emotion, she wiped it roughly away. What was wrong with her? For years she had been stone cold and devoid of emotion. She had been perfect. Suddenly she was feeling so much and acting so pathetic. Her father would be ashamed of her. Gamora would be ashamed of her.
Tony’s moans could be heard and Shuri was taping away at the tablet to see what injuries he had sustained. Steve was clutching the back of the couch, white knuckled as he waited. Sam was covering his mouth with both hands, while Wanda and Clint gripped each others hand tightly.
“I’m confused; how far exactly did you think you’d get?” Rhodes spat in his face. Ross groaned as he writhed on the ground at their feet. Natasha scoffed and T’Challa said, “Colonel Rhodes, Vision, would you mind taking this piece of filth to the authorities?” The face plate on War Machine came down as he grabbed Ross by the upper arm and hauled him to his feet. “In one piece, Colonel.” He warned with a smile as Rhodes and Vision took off with Ross in tow.
At his confused look she continued, “With the rest of us, you have found a place where your heart and your head can come together and find peace. That is why you can forgive, though maybe not trust, the rest of us. You have not been able to do the same with Steve.”
Looking down he found a small drawstring bag. "I worked very hard on these, Brooklyn. Don't waste my time." He looked at the bag curiously. "Open it when you are home." She winked at him, stepping back to link her arm with her mother. Carefully Steve put the gift in the pocket of his duffle bag.
“Did Clint really eat all of the Oreo’s?” James asked.
One thing to remember is that those last few characters were one day, so if you think “Tony wouldn’t respond like that or wouldn’t roll over so easily”, remember the man has had one rough day.
"I honestly didn't realize it at first. He used to make me so mad, it was like he knew exactly which buttons to push and he couldn't get enough of my reaction when he did. I've had people try and upset me before, but no one can do it with the ease that he did. It's like it was a game to him, 'Let's Annoy Steve', and he consistently broke his own record. He refused to listen, he refused to back down, and he was so reckless, it was infuriating."
“Right. Try not to get distracted on the field, Rogers. You’ve got ten missions with this view.” He quipped as the left Steve standing in the stairwell alone.
Steve nudged Sam back towards their rooms away from the private emotional display.
Tony shook with sobs. “I-I’m so sorry Steve, so sorry about what happened.”
Steve felt his face heat up a little bit at that, but he swallowed his embarrassment and pushed forward, saying, “I’ve been wanting to call you that for a long, long time, Tony. That and more.”
He winked at Bruce, who snorted in reply, "Oh yeah, that's all I've ever wanted."
When he opened the stairwell, he almost stepped on a blonde super soldier. “Oh, hey Stevie, there you are. Doin’ okay?”
In the end, it didn't matter what anyone said to him, Bucky had made up his mind. He wanted The Winter Soldier gone.
Steve’s heart and mind constantly relived the pain of losing Bucky yet again. Again, he couldn’t save his friend. He was given a second chance and he still failed. He failed Bucky, failed Tony, he failed Wanda, Vision, T’Challa, Sam, all of them. Every time he thought of them he felt like the small kid from Brooklyn with asthma again. He couldn’t drag the air into his lungs in anything but short bursts. He was left gasping and gulping until the moment passed. Panic attack, Sam would probably call it. Panic attack, because he had again outlived the people he loved and was left to try and continue again. He tried to hold it together for the sake of the others and out of habit. Some days went better than others.
Tony clapped his hands together. “Great. Next, the healthy isle or as we like to say, The Party Pooper Isle. We gotta get Bruce his quinoa and other shit.”
"Madam Peterson, you look absolutely breathtaking tonight! I am afraid I am going to have to steal away King T'Challa for a while, but I believe I just passed your husband coming up the stairs looking for you." The woman all but scowled as she checked over both shoulders for her husband. Tony took advantage of the moment and used his arm on the King's shoulder to steer him away from the woman to the other side of the fountain and toward a table of champagne.
Bucky smiled indulgently at him, rolling his eyes at the question he had no doubt anticipated. "I feel great Stevie."
“No way, don’t make shit up. Oh god, now I’m trying to picture it… I can’t, I need proof. Prove your claims, Romanov, I have to see this to believe it.” Clint insisted, his cereal now forgotten.
Tony wasn't sure he could trust himself to answer with an even voice, but he cleared his throat and tried, returning Scott's handshake and saying, "The pleasure is mine. She's a wonderful girl, and Maggie is one of the kindest women I've had the pleasure of meeting. I'm sure you're very proud."
were intended. I believe that you and I are well equipped to do such a thing. You do not need to give me your answer now, you may think on it and get back to me.”
She nodded solemnly. "He says, and I quote,
They watched as the two men attempted to talk. Tony started the conversation, but then lost his resolve and swiftly tried to shut it down. T’Challa hummed in a small approval as Steve didn’t let him get away with it. If they didn’t just talk, they would never fix it, and if was left up to Tony, they would never talk.
Steve was suddenly on him, trapping him against the counter, their bodies only inches apart.
"Laura?" Clint took one step towards her and she quickly backed up two steps.
"Dude, I helped test those, they are so sweet!" Peter told Clint, before turning back to the cart. Clint smiled at the kid and went back to admiring his new toys.
Here we are, the long anticipated conversation. This was emotionally exhausting to write.
Around the room there were a few sniffles and bowed heads as they all listened to the proof of Tony’s issues with his father.
“No.” Tony answered simply. “What happened to needing to trust your teammates?” Steve pressed. “We wont be teammates.” Tony said thickly. “What?” Steve breathed out.
His shoulders slump and he feels like a weight is pressing down on him. He barely manages to keep his eyes open now. Darkness bleeding into the edges of his already blurring vision. The sweet oblivion of a dreamless eternal sleep is calling and he nearly gives in, until he is startled by a firm slap to his cheek. “Do not sleep.” Nebula instructs with a steely voice. In her other arm are a variety of items he can’t focus on but he assumes are medical supplies, which she dumps on the table next to him. His vision is swimming again and he can’t concentrate on anything. He can just make out her lips moving again, but his ears are ringing dully and her words aren’t filtering through. It’s not her voice he wants to hear at this moment anyway, not her face he wishes he could see. Peter, he wants Peter. That bright sunny smile and enthusiastic young voice.
Laura’s smile fell slightly. “They are a rollercoaster, to be honest. One second it’s alright, another second the fragile peace is shattered.” She leaned in and lowered her voice, “Something bad happened this afternoon. Natasha said that the team walked in on Tony using his BARF technology to relive memories. They’re all really shaken up.” T’Challa leaned in closer at that. “What memories?” He asked her. She shrugged. “She said Siberia and one other one, but I don’t know what it was. She wasn’t ready to say.” T’Challa raised a hand to cover his mouth in thought.
Tony felt his patience wear thin. He was exhausted from playing the part of a different person all night. All he really wanted right now was to smoke a joint to relax and go to sleep. Since that wasn't an option with the kids around, sleep would have to be good enough.
FRIDAY, obviously, didn't see it in the same way.
Steve had come back from the gym with Scott hoping to find James or Sam, but they couldn’t find them anywhere. He even asked FRIDAY if they were on one of the floors he didn’t have access to, but she had said no. It was only when Scott asked if they were in the Compound at all that she told them that they had gone out.
Steve couldn’t swallow past the lump in his throat. His eyes cataloged every inch and movement of Tony’s body in said suit. He’d seen Tony in his suits more than a million times, and he had shamelessly checked him out at least that many times. His suits had a way of hugging every delightful curve and accentuating his strengths. He happened to know that there were many many websites dedicated to Tony and his ass especially. Thank god no one but the Avengers themselves had gotten to see Tony in his skintight under suit. So far that gift has been reserved for the team only as they were gearing up or dressing down from a fight. If those pictures got out he had no doubt they’d break the internet. The sight of Tony in that black form fitting material had been added to Steve’s many guilty pleasures that saw him through nights alone in bed.
Mostly they just talked about progress with BARF and other news. Bucky showed off his arm and told T'Challa and Steve all the different things he could do with it and showed off how it was indistinguishable from his other, real, arm.
He hears and feels the shuffle as the individual sinks to their knees next to him heavily, exhausted and spent, their hands still connected on his shoulder.
“You didn’t what? You didn’t know that messing around in my head would be bad for me?” Tony demanded.
As the doors closed, Steve got only a moment to watch as Tony's forehead rested on Natasha's shoulder. His blue eyes connected with hers, ice cold as she glared at him with a look Steve had never seen directed toward even their worst opponents.
Steve couldn't help but stop for a moment in the cool New York night air. Breathing deeply, he let the feeling of home wash over him as he looked out to the Compound. He felt his breath catch at the familiar building.
They stared at each other for a few heartbeats more before Tony gave him a look that clearly communicated he was waiting for some kind of an answer. "Did I damage your vocal chords in that bunker or something, Barnes?"
He stood in front of his exiles gathered around him on the couches just as they had done with James Barnes months ago.
"Are you
For the first month afterwards, most of his time was spent either drunk, high out of his mind, or a mix of both. He thought this time of his life was over, but when everything fell apart, so did his carefully constructed walls. The public, his old “teammates”, all of them, they were right, he was nothing more than a man in a suit. No matter what he did, how he tried to change, or how long he kept it up, people always thought the same things. He was done trying to prove them wrong. He still functioned just as well in his lab, building and inventing, just letting his mind work. What did it matter if the rest of his life was falling apart?
Tony immediately stood and held up a hand to Pepper and then turned and held the same hand up to Natasha. T'Challa thought he looked like a man who knew he was cornered, but had one last ditch plan to save himself.
The camera panned down the stairs to the curb where Steve instantly recognized Happy walking around the car and opening the door for the occupant inside.
“Do you have a planet?”
He was on the last stair and coming through the door when he saw T'Challa hold his hand up behind him, instructing him to stop where he was. T'Challa kept conversing, but didn't look at Steve.
Steve shifted slightly in his chair in an attempt to cover his situation.
He didn’t have to wait long before the bathroom door opened and Tony stepped out, wearing nothing but his underwear as well. Steve didn’t even bother trying to hide his staring now. He took in every beautiful inch of Tony’s tan and toned body. Tony didn’t show it off very often, but Steve had always known that Tony’s body looked just as good as the rest of them, his just being more lean muscle instead of bulk.
Tony's eyes weren't blazing with hate, grief, or anger; they were tired, the bruising only highlighting that fatigue. Steve felt like he could drown in them.
.” FRIDAY reported. Steve smiled at that. “See? I’m a fantastic guardian. Now get out.” It wasn’t that easy though, and Ross pressed, “And the rest of them?”
Bucky quickly shook his head, "You don't need to tell me Tony…"
Swaying on his feet for a moment, Stark let out a burdened huff before turning towards where she was still laying on the ground.
They were standing on some alien landscape in the middle of a vast darkness. Steve jumped as one of the Leviathan from New York flew over them and hovered above. He watched as more of them materialized out of the darkness. To his horror, they were all flying for another one of the huge portals that had been over the city that day. Or-wait- was it the same portal? No, but he recognized Earth on the other side. It was an invasion, and one they wouldn’t have much hope of winning. Steve felt sick. A hand on his arm made him jump.
"Buck?" His friend turned around in his seat, and said "It's fine Stevie, don't worry."
Sam sat down heavily on the mat, resting is arms on his bent knees. T'Challa followed his movement and sat across from him in the same manner.
"Well, if you what you say sounds crazy, you gotta at least say it with some flair, huh?" Tony quipped as they entered the workshop.
From his place next to Shuri and Peter, T’Challa said, “I think secrets have caused enough harm in this room. Tony and I worked together for months to amend the Accords in order to bring you all back and home to each other. He tricked Ross and others who were against us, deceiving them into believing he did not want you home. He played the part of being out of control and an unreliable man who didn’t care for any of you and needed to be put back in his place. It worked wonderfully. He was afraid if any of you knew that he was trying to help, you would not take the assistance.”
“You know how to lead, Rogers, but you don’t know how to be part of a team. I didn’t either, and I’ve been alone for a long time, but when you came swinging into the picture I did my best to fall in step behind you. I’ve never done that before for anyone else, not even Pepper.” He whispered the last words. After a short pause he continued. “When I told you about SHIELD making weapons, you didn’t wait with me like the others did, you went off alone and found your own proof. When you suspected James and Winter Soldier you didn’t come to me for help, even though I know that you knew my tech would be the quickest way to locate him and the truth. You worked alone.” He took one step closer to the door where Steve stood, hanging on to his every word.
"Alright everyone," Shuri exclaimed in excitement, "It is starting! Here we go, time to see my brother shine in the outfit I picked for him."
Tony's grim voice sounded.
smile for all of the cameras.
“Why do you care? I taught you how to fly the ship!” She exclaimed, confusion melting into frustration.
They shared the moment together before he sighed as yet another guest called his name. As he backed away toward the politician currently calling for him he whispered, "Please, try and have a little bit of fun. Did Cassie ever decide which movie they are watching tonight?" She shrugged and whispered back, "When I left she was arguing with Cooper over The Princess Bride or Jurassic Park." Tony gave her two thumbs up before the mask slid back into place and he turned around to play host once more.
"Hmm?" Tony said absently. "Oh, marker."
?" Sam mouthed at him, his eyebrows high. Steve could only shrug and turn his bewildered look to Bucky. "FRI, when did Tony start doing this?" Bucky asked.
“Haunt me,” Steve pled, “Haunt me, Tony. Just…don’t leave me. Please. Come back to me”, Steve whispered. A desperate plea that he knew he had no business making to the surrounding gloom.
“Tony-” He tired again, but he was cut off. “Promise me, Steve.” Steve swallowed hard as Tony looked into his eyes. He had said his name. Not Rogers, not Cap, but Steve. His heart pounded in his chest. “I promise Tony.”
"Somehow, Mr. Stark, I can't help but wonder if those daggers aren't a bit deserved?"
Steve would sit near the unit containing his old friend and tell Barnes about his day, about the others, about anything that came to his mind.
“Keep it up, Widow, and you can have anything you want from me at anytime. You name it gorgeous and it’s yours.”
The man looked like he was trying to crawl inside the cabinet looking for something so he hadn’t noticed Tony come in. James silently lifted himself from the couch and joined Tony at the counter, sharing a smile with him as they watched Sam rummage around like a squirrel.
“What, no, just- I’m hungry-” He stuttered, obviously uncomfortable at being confronted with his fruitless food search.
“I will not share the information I witnessed, if that is your worry. It is not by place, nor my intention to share something of such a personal nature.”
He had never acted this way, never been so physically ambiguous since Iron Man had become a part of his life. Did she miss something? She was supposed to be a spy for fucks sake, did she somehow miss a downward spiral? He had been doing better, they all had. Peter had begun to be a regular back at the Compound, Tony was like an uncle to Cassie and the Barton kids. What had gotten into him?
Scott and Sam eyed him oddly but said nothing. Wanda who sat next to him watched what he was doing and caught on quickly, pointing out other things she saw while he scribbled furiously. Sam grabbed another pad of paper and started taking notes on things he noticed about the scene from his view as another flier. Clint and Scott joined in as well. All of them huddled together around the small command center, talking over each other and yet still hearing every word perfectly. Once in a while they would feed information through to the team in the field.
"The first time Stark saw that video of his parent's murder was in a frozen bunker in the middle of Siberia, standing next to you and Barnes." Sam's voice was quiet, but he might as well have been screaming, the silence was so immense. "You knew about his family and you didn't tell him." It wasn't a question.
Tony was silent, his body tense, and the hand on the tablet was shaking slightly. Steve could tell that was enough for now.
Tony crushed her to him. It wasn’t fair, none of it was fair. They had all lost so much. He had tried to hate her, really he had, but in the end it wasn’t worth it. Only once had he found real peace at the bottom of a bottle, and it had been concerning Wanda Maximoff. When his drunken stupor had ended and his hangover was manageable, he had come to an impassable conclusion. Age was no excuse, not with powers like hers, but inexperience, loss, and loneliness were more credible. What if no one had given him a second chance. Or a third, fourth, fifth, etc.
After Ross had finally gotten in the elevator to leave, Rhodes had tried to open the door to the stairwell again, but FRIDAY kept it securely locked, reminding them that
Cooper came running up to Tony, who ruffled his hair affectionately. Cassie and Lila both ran up in front of him as well, staring up at him with big eyes.
Suddenly, the darkness of space shifted and a completely unwelcome and familiar scene of the bunker in Siberia came into focus around them. Steve felt another sob rip through his chest at the panic and pain in Tony’s eyes as he stared at James.
A short silence followed before Rhodes answered. The tone in his voice was even but there was strain in it as he replied, "You'll find that friendship and family isn't based solely on longevity."
The whole thing was ridiculous, he had told the UN panel over and over again that he had no information or progress further than what he had already testified. What did they want him to do make something up? He had told them everything. He knew Ross was involved, the slippery man had made it clear he believed Tony knew more than he had let on. He was right, unfortunately, but that didn’t mean he would get anything out of him. He had told them all he ever would on the subject.
James answered her, his voice slightly clipped, "Tony will be here in a few minutes, he went to pick up Peter."
"We're here." Wanda called. They emerged from the far dark corner of the room, walking side by side, their faces somber and a bleak.
After making the rounds kissing and whispering in the ears of people he pretended to care about on the first floor and not finding the African King, he ascended the steps to the second floor overlooking the ballroom and tried to be nonchalant as he scanned for the King.
Unfortunately for Tony, he was still stuck to Steve and Steve had the advantage of more weight. He sat where he was and wouldn’t budge. Tony’s eyes flashed dangerously. “You have about five seconds to stand up Rogers, or I promise you this wont end well.”
He felt lost at her words. He didn't know how to respond, since this was a new level of friendship with each other for them both.
“Uncle Tonnyyyy!” Cassie whined. Tony looked at the children with wide innocent eyes. Making a big show, he turned and rifled through some of the bags. “Let’s see, what do we have here. Some asparagus?” The disgusted look on the kid’s faces said it all. “No? How about some cauliflower?” The kids looked still unimpressed. “Oh, you couldn’t possibly mean these?” He said as he pulled out three candy bars. At the sight of the chocolate the children began to cheer.
Peter practically whined as he said, “Mr. Stark, it’s that
A few weeks later he had been relieved at the happiness that had lit up Steve's face when he told him that Bucky would be coming out of his cryo-sleep. Steve had been so happy; he didn't even question why. That was slightly concerning to T'Challa, but he didn't push the issue.
He knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep, so instead he sat down on the couch in the main area and tried to sort out his thoughts. He would apologize to Tony. He already knew that he wanted and needed to do that, but tonight had solidified just how important it was that Clint rebuild the relationship they had. Rebuild and improve. He sat on the couch thinking about how he would go about it for hours, hoping that Tony would show his face at some point.
Tony turned towards him and laughed. "Me? Nothing. Hopefully I still have all of you. But after the others are back, I step down. I can't do this "Avenging" thing anymore. We all know I have my share of problems, I'm a liability at this point. Also, for my own reasons, I wont be able to work with the team, I know that and so do you."
“You really ought to watch that, Cap. Out on the field, distractions can get people hurt.” He murmured as he gave him a sloppy two finger salute and ducked under the ropes to pass him. Sam was doing a terrible job of covering his snorting laughter at Steve's side.
"Tony, he tracked me down and sent me a message. Told me he needed me. Said if we had ever truly been friends, that I needed to hightail it back here. How could I say no to such a pleasant request?" His lopsided grin was enough to make her heart ache for how much she had missed him.
She felt her patience with the conversation thinning. “Look, Stark, I don’t even know what people on my planet look like. With the changes that have been made to me, there’s no way to know.”
“Stop that. Stop that right now, I don’t want to hear you say that ever again, and I don’t want you to think it to yourself, either.”
He didn't let his smile fall from his face at her words. He knew. He had been preparing for this discussion with Pepper. It was going to be the first real look the public would have at him at a high profile event, which he was even hosting. They would be out for blood, looking for any signs of weakness from Iron Man, and he would be nearly defenseless. Rhodey, although walking quite will with the technology Tony had fit his legs with, was still in Physical Therapy and on ordered rest. Tony wouldn't make him come and deal with these people asking him intrusive questions and staring at his legs. No, Tony would do this without his Rhodey-Bear this time.
Finally, he looks up from what he is doing with her arm. His eyes are intense and his gaze is impossible to read as he cuts her off. “Yes,
"Wow Tony," came Natasha's reply, "You really are a genius aren't you?"
he had said.
"Alright, I need everyone's attention so listen up." Rhodes called. "We have a few ground rules to go over before we head into the Compound. First, you will all have your old rooms. They have been basically untouched since you left. Two of the extra rooms on the floor are now occupied by myself and Sergeant Barnes. There are many places in the Compound that you do not have access to, and it will remain that way for the foreseeable future. This includes, but is not limited to Tony's lab and the upper levels of the compound, including the penthouse. You will not be allowed outside of the Compound or its perimeter. Be careful, there have been reporters outside the Gates day and night hoping to catch a glimpse of some kind of drama. We will not be giving them the satisfaction, understood?
“Oh God, Nat, yes, just like that.” Tony’s voice purred.
He waved a tired hand in her direction.
“Who-who else made it?” Tony asked as he pulled back from the embrace slightly, keeping an arm around Steve but reaching with his other hand again for Rhodes who took it without question. “This is it, Tones. It’s just us now. Thanos, he got Vision. The rest…” He shook his head, unable to continue.
Tony finally pulled back and held Peter by the shoulders, the paper still in one hand, grinning broadly at Peter’s bright face.
“Oh, I understand.” Tony bit out.
James stuck his tongue out and licked Steve’s palm, who immediately withdrew it and made a sound in disgust, wiping it off on James’ shirt. James smiled triumphantly and said, “You can stay here and we can talk about you bending Tony over, or you can go back and actually talk to the man and figure your shit out.” He threatened. Steve shook his head and looked away again.
She felt his hand land on her forearm. “You don’t need him to be proud of you.”
“He said they were here for Wanda.” Sam said from behind them.
She answered. Steve couldn’t help but smile at Tony as he said, “And here I was getting used to it.” Tony shot him an annoyed look, but it didn’t hold much heat. Steve smiled and pointed to the scotch on the counter, “Also, see that bottle? Say goodbye to it because you aren’t ever getting it back.”
Nodding in satisfaction he turned on his heel to leave the rooftop when she called out to him.
Tony tried to channel the darkest thoughts he had experienced over the moments since Siberia. Every drunken and broken idea his imagination had conjured up.
Hearing Tony say he’d forgiven her, Wanda sobbed. Tony released James and Natasha and hesitated for a moment before reaching out a hand towards Wanda. Instead of taking it, she launched herself at him and wrapped her arms around his waist, burying her face into his shoulder. Tony stood surprised for a moment before he wrapped his arms around her shaking form and cradled her close, hushing her sobs in an attempt to sooth her.
Clint spoke often of his family, how much he missed them, wishing he could reach out to them somehow. T'Challa had attempted to help ease his worry by looking into the whereabouts of his family in the first month they had arrived. The archer had been surprised, angry, and disappointed when he reported back that he had found nothing, not even a trace of Laura and the children. This had distressed Clint, who had begun to leave and look into it himself until the others had calmed him down and made him understand that getting himself arrested would do his family no favors. The most they could hope for now it that they had managed to get to safety. He knew that was little consolation to Clint.
With a last arch of her eyebrow, she continued her path down the hallway to her room.
Sam's mouth tilted upward, amused. "Guess we gave ourselves a little too much credit, huh?"
A stunned silence filled the room.
"They fought, constantly, always so sure they were right and always pointing out why the other was a jackass. But that fighting, it made us a better team and it never had any real malic behind it." His face fell, "Until the day those Accords were set in front of us."
Steve started to choke on his water while Natasha was outright grinning at him now, her eyebrows bouncing with suggestion. Clint either didn’t notice Steve struggling to breathe, or he chose to ignore it.
Rhodes entered the gym then, standing in the doorway for a moment before his eyes found Tony.
He thought to himself.
On the footage, Vision, his face a mask of calm, suddenly came to a stop mid-glide. His eyes widened like to the size of saucers as he tried to back up and couldn’t. He tried to raise his hands and found those stuck as well. Suddenly, the usually cool and collected AI started to flail around like he was being attacked by a swarm of invisible bees.
“Alright Stark!” Clint yells, making both Nat and Tony jump, Nat falling unceremoniously on the floor. Her reflexes are quick though, a hand shooting out to grab Tony’s wrist. Or the bracelet on his wrist?
************************************************
After a few floors Natasha’s last comment caught up to him. Tony’s office was on the 89
The AI sounded desperate.
Then one day a few months in he had gone up to the kitchen around 2 a.m. to find food after barricading himself in his lab on yet another 13-hour project without food or sleep. He had found her curled up on the couch in the dark, an open bottle of vodka on the coffee table, watching the heavy rain fall outside the Compound. Lightning lit up the sky every few minutes and the thunder was strong enough it nearly shook the walls.
Still, she refused to call him Captain. He had to admit, it stung a bit. "What happened? Why weren't we alerted?" He was already up out of his seat, getting ready to grab his gear.
Maggie and Laura lowered themselves onto the two-person couch, leaving one last empty chair for Tony.
After just making a desperate escape to his car after the near disastrous meeting with the King of Wakanda in the UN bathroom, Tony had spent the rest of his morning trying to forget it had even taken place, taking the edge off with a joint, since he was sure if he started drinking he wouldn't attend the Charity event that evening. After he had calmed down a little bit, he had made his way to the venue for the Gala.
Tony nodded thoughtfully. “I don’t see how its theoretical lack of continued existence makes it inconsequential, but if it helps you to think of it that way that’s your choice.”
A smaller gold trophy caught his eye and he picked it up in his hand to get a close look at it. A ceramic cupcake trophy from a junior bake-off bore the name
Tony stepped back, disgust evident on his face for only a moment more before it was replaced with a look so tired and so hollow, he looked like he had aged ten years in seconds.
The sound on the broadcast was muted as FRIDAY said,
As Sam read the message, he ran into a solid wall of Captain America. Peeking out from around Steve's broad back, he saw the others still gathered on the couches, watching the large television screen. Playing on the screen, a video of Tony Stark in a stairwell, pressed up against the wall with another man's tongue down his throat.
Despite his words, it was easy to hear fondness in his voice as he threw an oil stained rag at Bucky's head as he walked by.
Rhodes turned a glare at Bucky's words. Bucky shrugged his shoulders and turned forward again.
James watched Tony with a fond smile as he answered, “A few months ago Tony and I took a three day drive down the coast in search of a specific candy Stevie and I used to like getting when we were kids in Brooklyn. I showed him the memory in one of our last mandatory BARF sessions. When I told him they were our favorite he insisted we find some. We left that night.”
"No, I asked you, Stark!" Sam yelled back.
"Not the juveniles, but the Mom's do. They're out of their minds with worry. Hurry back boys, I wasn't trained to deal with family issues."
All the people in the room turned their attention back to the Rogue Avengers. It was like they hadn't even realized that they were there when they came in. So focused on "Uncle Tony", Scott and Clint's families hadn't even realized their fathers were in the same room as them.
"I know, Pep, I'll be on my best behavior." He winked at her and she smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes. They both knew the drinking was carefully concealed, but still ever present none the less.
Bruce sighed as Tony poked and prodded the bear. They missed Ross’ reply as T’Challa thanked the person on the other end of the line and stood abruptly, “I have been given approval for a small team to go after them. We are to secure Tony’s safety and take Ross into custody with as little damage as possible.” He pointed at each person as he listed the roster. “Black Panther, Vision, War Machine, Black Widow, The Soldier, Spider-Man.”
"Yes, pathetic, how about out of control? Did I look out of control?" He shot back.
"There are a few little things I just need to measure on you and the rest of it is purely aesthetic choices that you need to make. You know, color, muscle definition, stickers, gnarly battle scars, and the like." Tony's eyes finally found his as he ended his little speech with a forced upward quirk of his lips.
Tony swallowed thickly before saying, “I appreciate that.” He kept his eyes steadfastly focused on the door, but he felt and T’Challa turn towards him. “You may not believe my words, Mr. Stark, but I would like you to know you have a friend in me, should you wish. I know what I saw in that miserable place. I also know what I did not see. Though I saw the deepest kind of betrayal, I did not see a man hell bent on killing another in retribution. I have seen the capabilities of your suit, I know you did not use it to it’s full potential.”
Steve wasn't the least bit surprised. Scott had only joined because Captain America had requested his help. Scott had put blind trust in him, and Steve was grateful, but also ashamed that he had led the man to leave behind his family.
After snapping his jaw shut he recovered slightly enough to follow her into the living room for introductions before a piece of paper and crayon were pushed into his hands and he was being directed to sit 'criss cross applesauce' by Lila Barton as if it were completely natural.
Tony’s voice could be heard over the comms, directing the team and leading with complete confidence and efficiency. Steve sat and listened intently, abandoning the idea that he would be helping from his seat at the compound. Instead, he grabbed a notepad and pen and started to take notes on what Tony saw as Iron Man that Steve wouldn’t have seen if he were on the ground, how he utilized the team members present, how he prioritized the events, everything he could take in.
He pointed to Clint first, "You were supposed to be giving out assistance from your vantage point. The only pointers you gave were to Falcon, Scarlet Witch, and Captain America. Not once did you reach out to the others. You saw the building begin to sway with Spider-Man still on it and said nothing."
Steve should have moved, he should have stopped this, but he couldn’t even think. He froze and in horror, listened to his own broken voice whisper to Tony.
Steve did his best to present a happy and content front, although T'Challa suspected that no one really bought it, but let it slide anyways. He needed to believe it himself and even if the others knew it was a well acted routine, it was comforting to have Captain America in command none the less. Much of Steve's time was spent running, at the gym in the building, in the vast library where he could read or draw, or down to the basement facility that housed James "Bucky" Barnes in his cryo sleep.
“I meant you, Tony.”
"If you'd like to try it out for yourself you are welcome to have at it. Knock yourself out."
"You don't have to worry about mincing your words here, your Highness. Everyone in this room knows the truth about Siberia. They've seen the video. Nat, you showed Bruce already?"
And then that screen came on, and in a few short moments, not only did every lie that I had been told so many damn times come down on me, but so did the lie that I had built myself; that somehow I had become someone who mattered, who was part of a team, that I had a family."
He smiled at her again, told her how wonderful everything looked and that he owed her his life, because really, it was more than true. They exchanged goodbyes and promises to see each other later and he headed down to his car.
With a solemn nod, Tony braces himself to finally lay down the most difficult part of his plan. He knew it was an essential piece, although he wished it didn't have to be this way.
Taking one last look back at the small group of Wakandan people on the tarmac, he waved at them before boarding waiting jet, his team following him.
"Well, that sounds ominous." Clint remarked.
Rhodes strode in past all of them and walked into the connected kitchen.
Suddenly, further images and feelings were torn from her as she fell to her knees on the cold floor of Tony’s lab. Her breathing was harsh as the feelings and images she had seen slotted into her mind in order, all becoming clearer with every second. They weren’t hers, she knew that, they were Tony’s.
Steve was against the wall his head tipped back on the cool surface, an arm thrown over his eyes. Sam slowed down as he approached him and stood next to him against the wall.
. His mind was a war at the moment and he knew that if he wanted any chance of leaving this godforsaken bathroom without causing an international spectacle between the United States and Wakanda he had to take his chance and exit now.
She was so… disappointed. Once she made it to the curb and her car was brought around it took all of her willpower not to floor the gas pedal and speed her way back to the Compound.
, he shook himself,
!" Tony whined as he rolled his chair out from his desk into the view of the camera. He pointed the wrench in his hand at the computer as he threatened, "That's it, Cat in the Hat, come take your damaged assassin back. With those kinds of puns, it obvious I can't do anything for him, his mind is beyond even my talents!"
"Tony, you and Nat had to come save us because he got himself thrown in jail!"
"I should warn you though, I think you'll be in for the ass kicking of your life when you get home. I've got about 15 missed calls from Miss Potts and another 20 or so from both Mrs. Barton and Lang, as well as a few others. I'm going to save a particularly nasty voicemail from Colonel Rhodes for you to listen to whenever you miss him."
"Tony." Natasha almost growled out his name. "Do you have any idea what you looked like tonight. Do you?"
Vision had been nursing what Tony only assumed to be some kind of heartache in Wanda's absence. Rhodey had been focusing on his legs and taking the needed time to recuperate. That left Tony and Natasha together in the compound whenever she was there, though she would come and go constantly. Most of the time the only way he knew she had been there is when he woke up in his bed after a night of heavy drinking. She would be furious with him each time it happened, but still there would be painkillers and a glass of water on his nightstand in the morning.
Steve tried to smother his friend with the closest pillow.
Tony’s eyes flashed, pain written across them before he closed them tight and bowed his head, stepping back he braced himself with his free hand on the counter. “You know why, Rogers.” He muttered, turning away as much as he could. Steve wouldn’t let him get very far though, using their connected hands to pull himself closer into Tony’s space, until they were nearly chest to chest.
Steve had only a few moments to appreciate the fact that Tony was showing protectiveness for him, anger with Ross for hurting him, concern at his pain, and support for him by holding him up. Tony’s arm was strong around his waist and his palm warm where it rested on his chest. He tightened his own hold on Tony with the arm currently slung over Tony’s shoulder. The fiery anger had returned to Tony’s eyes again though as he looked at Ross and the armed guards.
"Laura. Cooper, Lila, and Nathaniel are upstairs missing their daddy. You don't have to forgive him; you never have to forgive him. I've already promised you the best divorce lawyers if that's the way you want to go, but honey, we both know you don't really want that. Talk to him. At least try."
me there to die alone!"
Pepper only nodded, her eyes flitting between the phone and the door Peter had just gone through. "Go ahead, Pep. We will see you back at the compound in a few hours, okay?"
“That’s enough out of the peanut gallery, thank you very much!” Tony called back, his dark eyes never leaving Peter’s.
“Where’s Tony?” he said and he leaned over the counter excitedly.
Nebula didn’t address the outburst. “After it was over, Thanos disappeared in a portal, leaving us on Titan. Then, one by one, the others turned to ash and dust, disappearing. Mantis, Drax, Quill. The boy stumbled into Stark. Stark held him as the boy turned to ash in his arms.”
He spends his time with the family that he has gathered around him at the Compound.
“What reasons can you give the public for trusting Captain America?” Another called out. That one had him turn and answer, “Excuse me?”
I told you about, it is in my bag, hurry, let’s test it out!” She grabbed Peter’s wrist and they were about to run off when Tony and T’Challa caught them each by the arms.
T'Challa leaned forward as he asked, "The plan?"
“Wanda-” Again she cut him off. “I didn’t read his mind or use my magic if that is what you are worried about.” He opened his mouth to disagree with her assumption, but she continued again. “Our time in Wakanda he never stopped thinking about you and missing you. His guilt is eating him up, just as yours is. Please, Tony, I care greatly for Steve. You don’t need to say anything, I just wanted to make sure you know that you have many people who love you, but Steve, he is
“Tony, it’s James!” He yelled as he put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony jumped at the contact and Steve could see his dark empty eyes stare at James for a fraction of a second before he tore himself out of James’ hands and fell backwards, scrambling to back away from him. James tired to follow him, but Tony’s attempt to get away became more desperate.
Tony and James began to become closer friends everyday. James gets along very well with everyone else, and with each BARF session they complete together, Tony can see James grow in persona and confidence.
The SUV swerved as the guard’s radios came to life, the static voices reporting an attack on the caravan. Ross swore as the SUV banked hard left to avoid hitting one of their own. As they passed the wreck, they saw the Black Panther standing on top of the overturned car. Tony smirked at Ross through the blood. “Oops, thems the breaks. That’s the cavalry.”
“Complete control. Only someone who has spent considerable time studying human body language would be able to tell what he is thinking, and even then, he’s good at hiding it. Not perfect, but nearly. See how his jaw tightens slightly whenever the older man with the turkey neck speaks? Mr. Stark isn’t a fan of him, or the older redhead’s young assistant who follows his every step. Clearly, they aren’t worth his time, but they would never be able to tell. I wonder if anyone has been able to break that cool discipline? Wouldn’t that be something to see?”
“Tony!” Maggie called from the kitchen. Laura was on her heels as they rounded the counter and started inspecting him for signs of ailment. He gave them each a kiss on the cheek and tried to keep a smile on his face. Nearly everyone was gathered on the couches or in chairs around the counter (in Clint’s case on the counter). They were all staring at he and Wanda with dubious expressions. Notably missing were James, Steve, and Sam. Wanda made her way across the room to sit in one of the armchairs next to Vision.
love with you. His greatest fear is that he will wake up one day and find everyone has moved on without him, again.”
That was enough to break whatever had been holding Steve in place. The uncontrolled grief, pain, confusion, comfort, and promise in Tony’s voice as he said Steve’s name shattered everything that had been holding him back.
Everything continued to go downhill as Wanda's shriek reverberated over the comms. "Scarlet Witch is in trouble, anyone near her position?" No answer. "Wanda, status report, where are you" Steve called, his finger pressed to his ear.
"This is a simulation environment that Tony developed along with Bruce, Peter, and Shuri. The environment will change depending on the simulation settings. This is where we are going to learn to work together as a team again. We can't have practice runs in the real world where everyone can see us if we screw up, so this is where we are for the present. The simulation will run and respond in the same way the real environment would. Buildings will fall, civilians need to be saved, and the objective needs to be completed. At the end of the simulation, we will be able to see exactly how well we preformed. FRIDAY will give us damage assessment, casualty numbers, etc. Any questions?"
“Alright, everyone, get over here and introduce yourselves if you haven’t yet.” Before anyone could make a noise, Peter had literally jumped over the coffee table and couch and came to a skidding halt in front of Tony, Shuri, and T’Challa.
"Quite right, Your Highness. Back to business. As I said, we are not only going to clean up this mess, we are going to spin it to our advantage."
“Ye-Yeah, okay, I understand. I won’t say anything. But you gotta promise me you’ll tell me about it when we get back to the Compound and we are alone, got it?”
Bucky's throat constricted at the thought of someone else taking the blame for his actions.
Tony's face contorted into pure rage.
Finally, they were all gathered in the gym together, taking turns sparring. Peter wasn’t there, Tony had insisted that the kid go to school, but the rest of them were all sitting on the sides, watching Tony and James spar. James was one of the few of them that Tony trusted to spar with him and be careful of his still healing injuries.
Steve nodded and said, “We will wait for your return. Can we listen in on the comms, try and help from here?” Tony’s face lit momentarily with surprise and relief before he nodded and started for the door, calling out, “Avengers, with me.”
Yes, it would be fine. He had been doing these stupid parties since he was a baby. If Howard had done one thing for him, it was make sure Tony had one hell of a perfect poker face.
“You didn’t even realize we were here.” Bruce smiled sheepishly.
family, Stark!" Clint yelled.
she had said,
“Alrighty then. Well I am going to do a few things down in the lab until then, I’ve got a lot of things for Shuri and I to look at together. See you all in a few hours.” He called as he walked to the elevator. His eyes connected with Steve’s for a moment as the doors closed and Steve wished more than anything he could follow him. Wisely, he stayed put on the couch and watched him go.
“There must be more than that. Please, Miss, they…they were our friends.” Steve nearly begs.
Further along the wall were plaques of achievement, some with Cooper’s name on them, others with Cassie or Lila’s, from schooling. Medals, ribbons, and trophies were shining on a mounted shelf and Clint’s eyes watered slightly as he saw one for an archery competition with Cooper’s name that had been held while he was in Wakanda.
Although Tony looked exhausted, his lips curved into a slow smile as laughter began to flood the room.
"You wanna explain yourself, Stark?" Clint seethed. Tony was about to tell him where he could stick his anger, but Natasha's irate voice spoke up instead. "After you all broke out of jail, Ross and some other people started looking to your family. Tony and I got them out. Cassie and Maggie too. They've been here at the Compound for months now."
Ross turned back to him. “Aren’t you his guardian, Stark?” Tony gave a good impression of a drunken nod and said, “He’s in the building dumbass. You know my tech is better than that. FRIDAY, where is Sergeant Barnes?” Tony called out.
Cassie came running up to Scott and jumped easily into his lap, throwing her arms around him and lighting Scott’s face up like Christmas Day.
Bucky could only nod at Tony. Looking closer at the lines on Tony's face, the dark circles under his eyes, it became clear why he was backing down so easily, he was just too tired to actually fight with him. The fire that Bucky had seen in Tony's eyes in Siberia had died down, replaced by an exhaustion Bucky had recognized in Steve's blue eyes the day they woke him up in Wakanda.
After pulling into the compound and parking he dismissed Happy and thanked him for everything he did, giving him the day off tomorrow.
"I-I fell in the river. It was cold. I-I can swim though, no big deal, but then I looked up and I saw the building falling on top of me. Iron Man came outta nowhere, he shielded me and the bricks all fell on him instead- lots of them- "
Steve felt tears on his face as he sank to the ground with a sob. He watched James shake himself out of the trance and run forward to Tony.
“Why?” Steve whispered, so close now.
True to her words, a hush fell over the room as the pair came striding in. Since no one else had the Super Solider hearing they didn’t hear as Natasha continued her narrative in his ear.
Tony turned his gaze back to Steve. “Sam? Wanda?” Steve shook his head sadly. Tony swallowed hard and quietly inquired in a voice barely more than a whisper, “…Barnes?” Steve’s eyes filled again with tears as he again shook his head. Tony sighed and pulled Steve into another embrace. In his ear, he whispered, “I’m so sorry, Steve. I am so sorry.”
