John found that the words he wanted to say were much harder to verbalise when the detective was looking directly at him, especially since he had only gotten the chance to practice them in the mirror a dozen times. Still he struggled, determined not to just allow the detective to slink off again (to do god knows
The seal upon seeing Sherlock’s face barked a cheerful greeting, seeming to almost bounce in place. Sherlock let out a chittering noise in return, face alighting in delighted recognition.
For a moment he hovered, torn between the recent loyalty he had acquired in someone else and his own instincts, the defence he had built up to survive.
“Let him have a bit of childhood still, love. He's only eight, and soon we'll be moving out of our house.  John's going to feel isolated for a while. Let him have some fun while it lasts.”
He approached it like one might approach a bomb, bending down to scoop up the package and weigh it critically in his hands. It was quite heavy, John noted in surprise. It was vaguely rectangular in shape and didn't rattle as if it were a box of something. He examined the package a moment longer, noticing a slip of paper tucked into the string tying it together tastefully. When John took the little folded envelope out from its place, he could tell the make of the material was expensive. It felt crisp and weighted, and was the colour of snow. Written on the cover of it in dark green ink was his name in a neat, cursive script he didn't recognize.
Body slack, he felt himself slide down the flat expanse of the wall as he gasped. He didn't get very far, barely brushing the ground before a clawed hand wrapped itself around his throat pressing him against the wall so that his feet dangled in the air and kicked against nothing. Like a child being held up by his parent's arms, he swung for a moment in mid-air. Except parents did not normally hold children by their throats.
“You're new, aren't you? It's not Claude I'm talking to? Or Sneak?” He knew very well it wasn't either of the two, but Sherlock needed to get the personality talking, and to do that coaxing would be necessary. To his surprise however, John's face twisted darkly in rage, and a familiar Welsh accent barked out angry words.
Sitting on the carpet cross-legged, John watched as his grandma rose from her tired rocking chair to get the door, a man that the young boy had never seen before greeting them on the other side.
whenever he chose. What was time to a God? Would Sherlock go, seeing a few years as a blink of an eye? He could leave John behind whenever he chose, in a cold palace with few friends, and fewer distractions to keep him busy.
“You told Mrs. Hudson not to come upstairs. She'd be here by now, if she knew Sherlock was in distress. She loves the git more than any landlady should.”
“It does seem that way, my lord.” Molly chirped, a startled flush crawling across her own face before she looked hastily at the ground before her. The military uniform seemed to dwarf the Dragon, making her seem almost childlike in appearance. Coupled with her dark hair pulled up into a high ponytail, John found himself wondering just how old Molly could be, or for that matter how Dragons even aged. The idea that Sherlock, Molly or even Rin could be older than him seemed ridiculous. There was a kind of agelessness amongst Dragonkind, and come to think of it, the soldier couldn’t even recall having even seen a slave that looked much older than thirty. He hadn’t realised he had voiced this thought out loud, but he did once he looked over to find Molly had stiffened quietly. Her eyes stayed carefully trained towards the ground.
“My name is William Scott Sherlock Holmes. I am a boy, inside. I don’t like the name Shyla, or any of my other birth names honestly. I am not a girl.”
“Believe me.” Sherlock enunciated his words carefully, pale gaze unreadable and yet cold as stone. His hands were still fists, curled at his sides. Trembling.
She cut off then, Daniel's voice having reached a shout in her head. Claude winced, looking up at Sherlock apologetically.
“Don’t worry about me. Keep your eye on your own arse, yeah?” John cuffed the side of Mike’s head as he approached, drawing another arrow from his quiver and prepping it smoothly. His bow tightened with the pull of his arm as John took aim once more, this time aiming for a demon that had tackled one of his men about ten feet in front of them. John’s arrow pierced the creature’s wings as it made to take off, a cry tearing from its throat before it landed hard, impaled by one of the stakes of the gate. John grinned ferally, his blood all but singing and turning his cheeks flush. “You know me. Live for this stuff. ‘Sides which, you know the real challenge comes tonight, after the fighting.”
A crack of lightning pierced the sky, illuminating the darkness with white light that made the little children below gasp and the hair at the back of John's neck prickle. Warily, he found himself looking at the sky, smile slipping from his face even as excitement pounded in his blood. Normally, the clouds didn't look so menacing. He didn't think there had been so much thunder, the years before. However as he looked over to Mary and saw how elated her features were, he tried to ebb the knot of unease growing in his stomach like a coiled serpent. It was rain, rain was
Worse, it shivered through the army doctor's blood, and for one heightened, dizzying moment, it sounded to John like the very essence of
were sometimes hard to block out, and John knew the sound of static his friend was most likely to hear at the Northern Dragon's puzzling words.
Lestrade frowned as his phone once again rang to voicemail, bracing his elbows against his desk with a sigh. Normally, the detective inspector couldn’t get rid of Sherlock, usually when the last thing he wanted was for him to be down at the yard. A puzzle he couldn’t solve despite the fact that he’d be working on it for weeks- and the bloody madman couldn’t be arsed to answer his
for a Northern species and indicating illness most of the time. He frowned, unable to keep the scowl completely off of his face at the thought.
point, won't she? What about school? She'll have no idea how to behave if we just throw her to the dogs like that first day of kindergarten, no preparation beforehand.”
People milled about inside, lounging lazily on couches and chairs, cradling their respective cool and warm drinks and trying just in general to avoid the chill of the weather outside. Not that John particularly minded the winter. He’d always liked cold weather, even as a little kid. He’d miss it, when he was posted.
A sinuous voice, drawing itself from the shadows. A rumbling voice, soft and only heard at the rarest of times. Her brother spoke.
The first thing John realised was that he could smell smoke. Like brimstone, it filled the air heavily as Mike opened the door. John gaped at his friend as he took in the man's frazzled appearance, jaw hanging open as he found himself staring at a black shadow
The Dragon rumbled quietly. It sounded like Sherlock hadn't meant for his words to be so soft, as if he was sheltering John from a devastating blow.
“You know this, how?” Mycroft inquired mildly. He watched as his brother snorted under his breath, his fingers nervously ticking against the armrests of the chair.
After all, Sherlock had been told many times the harsh truth of his character. Once he was set in his ways, he was as immovable as a stone bracing against a current.
John's hands were gentle, fingers callused but capable as they came to cup the line of his jaw, lips pressing themselves hungrily against his own. His kisses were smooth, sweet-tasting and breathy, and the detective found himself squirming under the ministrations, breaths leaving him faster as the ex-army doctor made his way steadily downwards, tongue darting towards the jut of Sherlock's collar-bones before resting just above his heart. The rasp of his flatmate's tongue seemed to light his nerve-endings on fire, creating a heated path that glowed behind Sherlock's closed eyes. He resisted the urge to writhe, instead tilting his chin further, eyes wide and lust-blown even as the pounding of his heart seemed at once from arousal as from fear.
about every single odd quirk the Human mind could develop. Sherlock on the other hand couldn't seem to stop himself. Later, he found that his overly obsessive mind had its' benefits, especially in regards to his job. Now however as his older brother explained to him patiently that John was suffering from a verifiable “split personality disorder”, he found himself quite unsure of what he was feeling inside. On the one hand, a part of him was still very much the little boy. He was overcome with the need for more data, more information.
He saw a face that was at once his and not, short hair yet feminine eyes, all aglow with an inner light.
And all John could respond with was kissing the Selkie back, suddenly overwhelmed with the desire to touch, to feel. To reassure himself that he hadn't died. For under the moonlight Sherlock appeared to be made of silver and fog, and in the night John's own brain had played tricks on him before. And there was something in the song being sung to him, because he found himself unable to quite fight any longer, quite resist. For Sherlock's weight was as trapping as it was comforting, and the man's throat stopped hurting when the Selkie brushed the edge of his cheek. Like the sailor's of old, John found himself drowning, except this time it was not in water, but in something potentially much more dangerous.
Hollow. Dull. Not believing his own words. John didn't know when he had pressed himself to Sherlock's side, only that somehow, Mycroft was in the flat, had been let in as neither the doctor nor the detective could find the strength to move. Speaking. His words came to him as if from underwater. Beside John Sherlock shifted minutely, a croaky noise emitting from his throat.
“John.... have.... hurt... not... intention.....” Garbled words, trying to relay that if John had felt wounded during the hypnosis sessions, he should have said something. However, it soon became
He only stopped for breath when his drink finally ran out, and he realised that his bladder was full to bursting. Apologising before rising to his feet, the army doctor gripped his cane, and made his way down the beach. The shadows of the people stretched and twisted as he stumbled blearily to a copse of trees, forgetting in his intoxicated state that his own house was not so far away.
Interestingly enough, he couldn't recall anything that had seemed particularly useful. He wasn't even sure if the Monster would be able to understand him if he begged for mercy, because not all Dragons learned the Human language, especially if they were in the Kennels for a long time. Many couldn't read or write. John couldn't even pass French class in secondary school, much less learn Dragon-Tongue by some miracle in five seconds-the amount of time he guessed he would soon black-out. The thing seemed determined to strangle him as slowly as possible.
I will be back around mid to late August, as I am moving across the ocean so wifi will be limited XD
So this is once again unedited, but will be made so once my beta makes their changes :3 Many thanks to neverwhere as always!!! :D
Sherlock, apparently uncaring or unaware of his own ethereal nature, lead John unerringly towards the water. John watched how the waves seem to jump in excitement with the Selkie’s approach, swelling and reaching outwards as if to brush Sherlock’s bare toes. John watched as a small coil of tension that had gone unnoticed previously loosened itself from the Selkie’s shoulders with its greeting, a rumbling noise leaving Sherlock’s mouth that was a mix of filthiest praise and contentment. John watched further up the shore in a mixture of amusement and embarrassment as Sherlock dove like a fish, submerging himself into the water only to sinuously reappear a moment later. Jewels of water turned silver in his curls, slicked back and shimmering as he twisted to look at John, cheeks flushed happily and a hum resonating through the water that made the soldier’s toes curl. Expecting a long night and content to watch, John saw himself down on the shore, stretching out his bad leg with a mild grimace before settling in to look at the stars.
Mercifully, both of the women didn’t seem particularly scandalised, or at least had the understanding and grace not to show it.
Sherlock was aware of the disorder, as he was with many Human afflictions, ailments and disabilities. In fact as a child he had once spent an entire Summer studying the disorder, at the tender age of ten locking himself away in his tree house and reading large and heavy tomes on the subject with interest. At the time is older brother had scoffed at his fascination, partly because it was such a rare disorder and partly because Mycroft Holmes didn't seem to have the same overwhelming need to
The Dragon that was injured as it turned out was a rather hot-headed English (John thought the pun was necessary and well-intended) and didn't seem to take well to the mollycoddling nature of the nurse attending him. He was dark as a nut, with micah-flecked eyes that were slitted in detestation, and he chafed uncomfortably in his hospital bed even as the rather apologetic-looking nurse hovered over his bandages.
a couple, and John had blushed and spluttered, stress leaving him tired and shaky so that he slumped into the chair with Union Jack pillow and trying to calm his spiking blood pressure. Sherlock had watched this entire exchange and then promptly pretended it didn't happen, rifling through papers and folders until Lestrade had found his way to the door in a cold sweat.
Manu and Ra were twins, born a minute apart with Ra being the eldest. They were as thick as thieves, and had formed an alliance as a result. Rania knew when she was left with them that she would have to be on guard whenever she could. The twins were clever, shrewd, and even worse, liars.
of all people halted him outside the shooting range, one hand pressed on his shoulder in order to placate his annoyance.
Sherlock’s voice was like steel. Completely unbending. His hands clenched to fists at his side, and he towered over his mother, his voice rolling heavy with the toll of thunder.
In the end he came (perhaps by design) on a day when Sherlock was absorbed in the odds and ends of his case, and so scouring the library for resources. John could tell from a brief mental check that the Dragon would be occupied for a while. Though he still struggled a bit with reading the more complicated texts, Sherlock was rapidly becoming as proficient as John was with most text.
Sherlock had used what little strength he had left to lunge out of the Crate, using the element of surprise to launch himself like a serpentine torpedo at the blonde-haired man before he could react. The result was a satisfying
It was a case that triggered it, as the detective later realised. Hindsight was twenty/twenty, of course. Sherlock had been chasing down a serial rapist, as John had been given the go-ahead to once more follow him on investigations. Though the detective had been cautious of exposing his partner to too much info on the case, there was a fine line between caring and coddling that John quite simply refused to let the detective cross. Stubborn and obstinate, John pushed through the hell that was this investigation with mule-headed intent. He determinedly followed, trusted firearm hidden in his coat and a grim smile on his face each time Sherlock linked a new puzzle piece together.
The mumbling sounded half-mad, and Sherlock was growing concerned before Sneak pulled back, groaning lowly and clutching his head. Then the detective went on autopilot, trying to soothe John because
“I’m not going to have you play the villain Sherlock. If we do this we do it together. But I think we should at least invite the kid over before he exile him!”
Yet a deeper part of Sherlock wondered at John’s courage, as well as what he would say if he knew the lives he had unknowingly taken. Could anyone hope to live with that guilt? Would it be preferable to recall such events and have to live with them, or to exist, divided and shattered but ultimately functional?
John had a feeling that Sherlock’s presence would be enough to ward off anything menacing lurking in the waters. At least, he hoped. From the deep, silvery scars marring Sherlock’s body, he couldn’t help but guess there were occasionally creatures in the deep that even Selkies feared.
In the end, it took until nearly nightfall for Sherlock to find himself recovered enough to do little more than dream and sweat and grimace in pain. As it was, Mycroft took breaks from looking after his brother by making himself apparently comfortable in John’s flat, those flat grey eyes daring the army doctor to pass judgement as he rifled through the kitchen, stealing boxes of crackers and after a moment of consideration, the piece of salmon in the fridge that John had bought from the grocers. To his credit, the army doctor didn’t really complain, save to shoot the man a dark look as he carried the food out of the kitchen and upstairs towards the bathroom. John felt as though he couldn’t really, considering the fact that he’d flatly refused Mycroft’s demand at returning Sherlock’s cloak until he was well enough to request it himself.
“You’re well-educated, and judging from the suit and posture well used to authority and not used to being surprised. I surprise you, although I can’t imagine why as I don’t think I’ve ever met you before. You seem to have some kind of vested interest in me, not John. That’s peculiar. What Human would be interested in another’s Dragon?”
I admittedly may not be posting much for a little while, as I have Christmas exams.... as well, December for various reasons is a bit of a rough time for me, so the rate of posts might slow. ^.^'' Sorry for that.
He would roll over in his bed, a frown on his face as he remembered the little baby girl that had come fresh from the hospital smelling of talcum and milk, and wondered if somewhere, something had gone wrong.
Blue was like an adult, that much, Sherlock was certain of. He’d guess her to be early twenties at most, though no older than twenty five. Yet at the same time, mental sickness had turned many of her actions childlike, and she crouched on the floor and glared reproachfully up at the detective, John’s eyes filled with fear and quiet mourning. Sherlock found that when his friend looked at him with that expression, a curious tearing feeling squeezed inside of his chest. He did not enjoy the sensation.
Sherlock wished those words didn’t cut the way they did. Against his will they dug into his skin, latched like cruel hooks, and reminded him of someone he wished to forget. In the clouds he floated amidst the rain, following by instinct the path to his most secret hiding place. It wasn’t far, but not even Mycroft knew where it lay. For such ill memories, it served him right to have to suffer in the place where they echoed the most.
Fascinating still, John seemed determined to pretend as if their stares did nothing to him. His chin lifted defiantly, the stocky little human stepped forward, seating himself after a moment on the plush cushions left for him at Sherlock’s side. He sat on his knees, tense for a fight with his jaw locked. John avoided Sherlock’s gaze directly, even as he greeted him.
“I can guess your purpose and your past. Not your name, since you don't have anything identifiable on you.”
Lying there dazed for but a moment, Shyla suddenly felt as if she were rather horrifically underdressed- and that was a new sensation when sex was on the table. She hadn’t shaved her legs in months, or her underarms for that matter. No make-up to speak of, or pretty underwear. The thought sent a feeling of mild mortification through her, though not the kind that came when feeling out of place with one’s gender identity. It was more the kind of humiliation most women tended to feel when they were not particularly put together, and with Shyla it was made worse by the fact that this was John and John
In front of him, Sherlock's eyes had narrowed into pensive slits, and the drumming of his fingers on his knees was loud in the comparative quiet. His voice was low as he rattled off deductions, the ink of his curls glistening, so much like Amber's had all those years ago. Dark and sweet.
The sight before him was decidedly confusing, especially first thing on an early Sunday afternoon. Sherlock stood at the foot of the bed, stack of blankets tottering in one hand. The dark black horns that just peeked out of the dark mass of his curls seemed to glint in the red-orange that streamed from the window sill, mirroring sharply the glow in the Dragon-man's eyes even as he growled in protest at his partner's flailing.
John understood the gesture, but he wasn’t sure exactly what could be done about it. The Gems behind him would have likely been able to find it eventually. He grit his teeth, his bad leg protesting as he was pressed down to the floor. A calm had settled into his bones, even as adrenaline began to pump itself rawly into his system. Irene soon joined him, Sherlock’s dark coat seeming to dwarf her frame.
Separating him from his dreams that would be left behind like bits of seaweed clinging to a dry shore at low tide.
Reluctantly, he uncurled himself from the corner of the tub with a small hiss of contempt, keeping up the act even though his shoulder slumped it defeat. The shit-eating grin that the Human had plastered on his face at his reaction was positively
He waited in vain for Victor to say something. Deny such a claim. Instead there was only shocked silence. Sherlock couldn't stand to look up.
his thoughts whispered. The Gem bared its teeth at Sherlock through its pain, hissing words that were as sharp as the jagged club it held as a weapon in one hand. Its eyes blazed, slits that stared at Sherlock before howling mindlessly, charging like a bull head-on.
In the pink wash of twilight the rolling hills before them appeared to be grey lumps, ominous monsters hunched over the ground, selfish dragons laying claim to their land. The grass was pitted with holes and pock-marks, small tunnels that lay dead testimony to the sinister purpose the land had once had. John and Sherlock picked their way over them carefully, blue and red police sirens creating an illuminated beacon towards the scene of the crime that glowed in the distance. It was cold, and John pretended that it was why he shivered each time they passed an empty pit, staring up at them from the ground like soulless black eyes watching their progress.
“John.” John murmured, causing the Dragon to jump slightly. She chanced a slightly askance look at him through her lashes, a pretty flush crawling along the back of her neck. Tentatively, Molly tried the taste of John’s name in her mouth. It felt warm to her, steady. Dependable. “John. To humans, years move so quickly, to Dragons it is at once… faster and timeless.” When John didn’t outright laugh at her, or berate her, Molly seemed to gather some steel within herself and straightened minutely. Her chin was set in a hard line of determination. “Our kind… have been enslaved for nearly a
And though Sherlock would deny ever needing his family, he still found himself wishing for at the very least the company of his brother.
The sound filled the flat, a horrible keening that had John tilting on his feet, clutching at his ears even as he moved forward, tears filling his eyes as he saw the completely broken expression on his partner's face. Sherlock was crouching over their child, hands more like claws as they cradled the egg like it was made of taffeta paper, eyes golden and wild and
the regular amount. He's known for not only being aggressive, but cunning and vindictive. Revenge-minded.”
Through his small speech Mycroft’s voice had gradually risen, reaching a warning that was hard to miss. Sherlock scowled under its weight, resisting the urge to sulk like a demon much younger than his respectable one thousand years of age.
Something flickered on the Water-Spirit’s face, but John was far too caught up in his miniature rant to notice. He continued bravely, rather from confidence or desperation.
The Dragon's muzzle lifted towards the air then, slitted eyes assessing the carnage about them critically. Medics were filing about in precise order and direction, grabbing med packs and their Dragons and running out into the desert-painted war zone or alternatively crouching towards the patients already inside. It was then that John noticed that the patient he had been attending to had curled himself up against the bed he had been sitting on a moment before, eyes gold and brightly burning with fury as a low and feral growl rumbled from his chest. It was the sound of a lion's roar, and it built as the Dragon's tongue, snake-like and suddenly thin and protruding from fanged teeth, hissed in reptilian rage. His chest heaved and glowed with hot coals.
Sherlock from the start seemed to be born into the world purely as a testament against that fear. From the moment he was born into the world, he didn’t seem capable of the emotion. He hatched screaming into the world, and refused to shut up from day one.
He blinked, not realising that until now he had been running his hands through the Human's flaxen hair. Scowling, Sherlock tucked his hands into his sleeves. A servant.
Daniel mulled the rules over in his head, trying to think through Claude's sulking and Conrad's whisperings that he was going to “get them all experimented on and killed”. The truth was, he had been considering making Holmes an ally now for some time. It had been quite a while since John had made a real friend, and all of the personalities were intrigued, if not openly enamoured by the strange man. Often they chatted to one another, excitement lacing their tones along with suspicion. Daniel had more than once had to hit Sneak's knuckles to keep him from Coming Out, the bloody tramp that he was. It would be safer if the Detective was aware, at least to a certain extent of John's condition. Plus, Daniel was fairly certain he could pull a decent enough poker face that the man wouldn't be able to read the really private stuff hidden under layers of different voices and different names. Thinking, he mentally checked again to see if John was going to wake any time soon. It felt like the man was out like a light, so chances were he wouldn't stir for at least a while longer.
by comparison.  After all, Mrs. Hudson went into town almost every other day, and though she kept a bottle of pepper spray on her at all times just in case, she had never been mugged or attacked. The little old woman had even claimed to have made some friends just over at the little flower shop by their neighbourhood. Surely he could handle himself, if only to get a few groceries and visit his friend before he handled the pressing issue of Sherlock's complete meltdown. There would be time, and he figured that if the Dragon managed to destroy anything too badly, then the fire department would be called to take care of things. He figured if worst came to absolute worst, he'd call for a cab to take back home if he didn't think he could handle it.
John rubbed at the shard lodged in his shoulder absently, his mind made up. He ran upstairs to change, shedding his jeans and jumper for plain black shorts and an old cotton shirt. In the back of his mind a voice whispered, pleading.
Love had no place in a shadow's heart, in a reflection. Yet the dull ache in his chest, it affected all of them, humming in their ribcage. Yet it resonated from John.
This theory had only been confirmed when without hesitation, the umbrella-wielding official had stood before him, teeth bared in a smile that was all edges as he stated agreeably “If you hurt him, I will ensure that there will be no country that will offer you safe harbour. Your head will become a trophy for trained killers everywhere to achieve, and your death will be slow and painful.” With extreme nonchalance, Mycroft spread the dark blue expanse of his wings threateningly, driving his point home with a menacing huff of smoke from his lips.
Besides which, Molly wasn’t so sure it was war memories that threw her off. She was instead thrown by the sensation of being subhuman once more. People did not look her in the eye at the store, and when she left the house she was expected to be collared. The fabric of it was softer than those in the army, but it still felt as though it were a noose, choking her. This she couldn’t bear to tell Mike, if only because it would have broken his heart. There was nothing the man could do, freedom useless when Molly had no education besides what she had been able to scrounge, and no real means of a livelihood. At one time, it wouldn’t have bothered her. She wondered what had changed, why her skin now felt too tight and her scales too chafing.
At some point, the rain stopped. Dwindling away, John didn't exactly realise at what point he nodded off, but he must've done, because he was woken by the singing.
“You always were one to dive headfirst into bluntness. I suppose I’m glad that wasn’t stolen from you.” He said this almost conversationally, as if he expected Sherlock to have some kind of reply.
Sherlock, making an effort not to seem like he was scrutinising too closely, looked up from the book he had been pretending to read. His voice was falsely casual.
The army doctor, normally uncaring and flippant about Mycroft’s wants and needs, found himself relating to the man, something lodged in his chest that was tight and painful. His voice was gentler, tempered slightly with the strange sensation.
Something flashed behind his eyelids, and image that John didn’t recognize. Things blurring together like cards folding in on one another to form a deck that he didn’t know. Smells, sweat and cinnamon and cherry lip-gloss. Tastes, the salt of skin and tongues and teeth and something stronger that John didn’t want to identify. He felt a heat flow over his skin like a wave, crippling his world and sending it into darkness. He realized a second before he lost himself what was happening, and John let loose an involuntary whimper of surprise.
The dog was hit by a car by the time Shyla turned nine herself. The driver hadn’t seen the dog, already lunging across the road and on its way to pick up Shyla from the bus stop (as the Irish Setter did every school day). The result left the vet to conclude that there was little to be done for the poor animal, and it was put down despite the shrieking fit Shyla conducted in the waiting room.
“Might as well not split hairs.” Sherlock snapped, his arms crossing over his chest. He spoke coldly, detached. It was as if he was bored of the whole matter, no, more irritated. “I haven’t made it rain over your village for oh…”
Then, with a small sigh of resignation, he forced himself to untangle from the sweaty, woollen mess.
There were shouts and screams - more demons coming in and appearing. The first wave were always the destructive type, the ones that fed off violence and anger and fear. The demon that was charging towards him was definitely a violence type, all nightmarish limbs, eyes just two gaping black holes and wings like twin sails of death stretching outwards behind it. John clenched his jaw and refused to let the instinctive urge to panic fill him, breathing tightly and finishing taking aim.
“She was the fairest of the maidens, all soft and silk, an' she was frightfully clever. She caught him starin' and decided to scare him, just to see if he'd jump. He did, an' screamed like a right little one.”
Sherlock boomed suddenly, and with it the thunder kicked up a notch, rumbling menacingly. He stood, eyes nearly white-blue from fury. He snarled his words at Mycroft, but they were designed to strike John like a sword between the ribs. The Water-Spirit lifted his goblet suddenly, smashing against the far wall. With the crashing of metal, lightning flashes from behind a curtained window. John could taste electricity at the back of his lips.
The idea of his elder brother ever being that little made Sherlock’s nose wrinkle in vague disgust. His brother and the word little often didn’t go hand in hand. To Sherlock, Mycroft was a symbol of opulence. Indulgence.
Raz's voice was so soft, John almost thought he didn't hear his apology. The quiet “Be well, John” was lost in the wail of the wind, and lightning crashed, blinding everyone momentarily with white-blue light. When John blinked the spots from his eyes, he was standing before the Water-Spirit, looking at him for the first time as he crouched chained and bound like an animal brought to slaughter. The young man's eyes were wide and terrified, but his chin was clenched in an act of defiance, and though destruction seemed to threaten and tremble in the very air, John's voice was loud and clear. The lines he had been forced to learn branded themselves on his tongue, and though he knew they must be said, he spit them at the unearthly figure's feet as if he were hurling throwing knives.
The ginger Dragon's gaze was cool as he leaned against the polished handle of his umbrella, ice-blue irises just barely slit as the faulty lights above them flickered sluggishly. John stepped forward, no longer limping like last time, a smile flicking on his features as he greeted his brother-in-law with a fond kind of shrug.
“You should be getting ready for tonight. I’ve spoken to your Darklings and poor Molly is struggling to even tell them what your plan of action is to be tonight.”
“Fuse.” Sherlock repeated, blue eyes blazing even as he shifted into his true form, Tanzanite glowing blue and feminine and irritated. “I have the deductive skill but you have the knowledge. Together, our brain might be able to solve this case, and I haven’t much other option: John’s ready to fall asleep standing up.”
shagging a monster that could rip your innards out in a heartbeat. To him it was like a gerbil trying to kiss a snake.
The moonlight rose on the surface of the water, a pale and ghostly orb over the darkness of the waves. Like the pale circlet of a locket it was half-shrouded by cloud, and in its shadow something moved with sinuous grace to an outcropping of rock, hoisting itself with pale limbs into the cradle of stone.
As it was, Dodge did little to redeem herself when he and Sherlock stepped inside, her glance appraising and calculating as she slipped the silencing headphones off her ears to state plainly, “Someone radioed that you were coming in. Get your gun, clean it, get ear protectors and begin. Sherlock will sit this round out, since he's never touched a gun before. If you want, you can teach him on your own time.”
There, sitting in front of him innocently, was a frozen ice-cube that was just beginning to melt right in front of his nose. At first, he thought that perhaps he was still dreaming, and he frowned at the product of his imagination in annoyance and willed it to disappear so it would stop taunting him. It had happened before in the Kennels. He'd imagine food or drink and his mind would succumb to such weakness as to picture it materializing in front of him.
When Sherlock heard thumping about upstairs about a half hour later he tensed, unsure of who to expect shuffling down the stairs. However just as the last notes of the song he was playing hovered in the air, he listened closely to the fall of the footsteps. A slight dragging sensation, meaning the limp was back but not prominent. Light footfalls, indicating no aggression. Something got bumped, and a muffled and halfhearted curse undid the last knot of tension in the detective’s back. Sherlock smiled slightly, reaching for the cloth in his violin case to rosin his bow.
But that was addiction, and it still sang in his blood to this day. Dormant but not erased. Merely controlled.
That night after Mike was sent home with his uncle, John found himself to be increasingly distracted. He couldn't quite describe it, his childlike thoughts unable to quite capture the deep pull in his gut. Like a new centre of gravity, a second heartbeat itching under his skin. It was disconcerting, an all-consuming thing, and frequently the young boy found his feet carrying him unconsciously outside without his express permission.
That was the other puzzle piece, one Sherlock had theories on but had not offered comment upon. There were not many people on this planet named
Mycroft didn't have an earring, instead his arm glinted with a silver band, embossed with the swirling spells and designs of their people. After all, he was next in line for the throne. The precious stones embedded in the piece of jewellery shimmered wetly, reds and golds, the colours Mycroft had chosen for his upcoming reign. Compared to Sherlock's blue and gold, they seemed to glow with a controlling sort of power. Ordered and immovable. His brother wasted no time, an unimpressed eyebrow arched towards Sherlock's thin and beaten-looking frame. He spoke in their language with fluid ease, clicks and chittering squeaks like the barking of dolphins.
Marely touched her fingers to her neck in response. Her voice was hushed but filled with certainty. “The
Sherlock suggested this with a completely smooth expression, as if telling the Queen of Hell herself to all but
That’s when John’s mind screamed at him, and he snapped back to himself to glare up at the Selkie, harshly rebuking his call.
this chapter is shorter than the others. sorry, I just felt this is a good place to cut off ^_^ next chapter should be out sooner than last time >.>
It was when Bensen pulled the breaks on the truck that conversation fell abruptly silent, Sherlock’s senses alerting John to the fact that they were nowhere near their usual borders. Something was wrong, and the silence of the sand outside made the hair on the back of John’s neck prickle with discomfort. It felt as if the wind itself were dead. Beside him, Rory shifted uneasily, darting a glance over to Marley.
Greg smiled, the expression softening the look of thought on his face. Mycroft was alarmed at how much he was beginning to grow attached to that smile. So
Mycroft was faced with rather a staggering amount of morbid statistics as he began his research. The numbers seemed to swell before his eyes, and despite his determination to remain impartial (and unbiased) a part of him could not get the image of his sister out of his mind while reading about victims of beatings, sexual assault, suicide and murder. It seemed like a staggeringly disproportionate amount for such a small minority of the British population, and as three days passed into a week without Sherlock safely home, a steady migraine shook in his skull that made him want to turn back to smoking.
The little boy shifted, wringing his hands before carrying on at a slightly less animated pace than he had before. He had sensed the change in the atmosphere, however brief it had occurred.
John relished the expression for a moment, knowing a similar glow filled him. His hands skimmed the surface of the egg tenderly, and his voice was rough and warm.
Then, the Alter's face lit up, and he drew away abruptly and stood in excitement, hopping in place and whooping in glee.
the night. Lana’s silver arrow pierced its heart, and with it came the moon and stars.” Her dark hair seemed to glint in the torchlight as she stepped forward, one arm extending out to stroke the tapestries’ texture. John’s spine felt chills as it made the fabric move, making the beast upon it appear as if it were breathing. “This hallway depicts most of the events that lead to the creation of the earth, as well as the Master’s family. For instance,” Molly then moved slightly, pointing John to the left where another tapestry stood. This one was less terrifying, and John felt a surge of vague recognition in his bones as he looked upon a woman with long, silver hair and pale, pale blue lips. Her eyes, a relic from his forgotten dream were not milky however, but a changeable, piercing glasz. John felt his lips part in surprise, and unthinkingly he blurted out the first words he had dared to speak that day.
in to John's throat, were instead bunched rather tightly in his jumper, effectively stretching the collar as Sherlock's scales cooled to a determined sand-blasted gold. John looked up to find his nose inches away from the Dragon's, and his mouth fell open as a rumbling, protective growl ripped through the creature's chest, vibrating John from head-to-toe. The soldier gaped and struggled for air as all of a sudden, he was being held like he was
Warnings for eating disorders, non-con (mentioned but not graphically described in this chapter) and drug use... you all get to meet this tale's version of Victor :3
, large and trusting eyes threatening to fill with tears of his own. It was obvious his Dragon didn't really understand much English, but she recognised the wounded and vulnerable tone. Soft, comforting sounds came from her throat as she clutched to him tighter, her body like a furnace of heat that John could feel even from where he sat. The way Mike held her was like an older brother protecting his sister, and his friend's mind suddenly flashed to Sherlock when they had been in the bath.
“That… Was brilliant.” John exclaimed when he had once again found his voice. To his surprise, the teenager’s cheeks pinkened slightly in delight and surprise. Sherlock’s coldness thawed in the presence of praise, and some of the hostile glare melted from his eyes to be replaced by cautious confusion.
Sebastian Wilkes was a ghost of Sherlock’s past. A shade that most of the time, the detective would rather he didn’t remember. He was a relic of the darker parts of the man’s memories, and had the same, slightly dodgy smile on his face that he had when they had both been teenagers. John was struck instantly with the tension that filled the room in their entrance, and also by the instant sensation of animalistic hatred that lined the man’s attitude despite his polite enough tone in greeting them. Seb sat behind a huge, polished wooden desk, hands decorated with a single gold ring and wrist donned with a rather flashy-looking watch. However all sense of manners dissipated with a flash of a sharply-edged smile and Sherlock’s very slight flinch in response. Before he opened his mouth, John knew that he’d probably have to be very careful in what he said. If he wasn’t careful, he’d probably find himself being arrested for assault. He tried not to linger too long on what it meant that he’d attack a man over someone like Sherlock Holmes.
“Since she doesn't have control over her Magic yet, John, she can't Mark things with her presence, so she's doing so in a much baser way- by teething.”
credit at least. Do you think I'd steal anything with a detective trailing after me asking after my face? I got it from a storage unit, it was in crap condition since it's been a while since I've been in charge, but I've almost got it back to its original sound. You took your time, I was able to buy new strings and everything before I even came home.”
He, Dodge and Cerioth were met by a rather nervous looking young woman, smiling kindly from beneath a fringe of frizzy curls. She curtsied to them both before straightening, her garb identical to theirs as she introduced herself as Hajera.
Two years together, and John set down his paper, looking up at Sherlock. The man was seated in his chair, the sunlight turning his hair shades of chocolate brown and cinnamon.
“So,” John licked his lips, deciding it’d be best just to dive straight into things “I understand that the wolf that we saw was someone that you don’t really get along with.” He had to be careful, not give too much away. After all, John didn’t think that even Sherlock would believe that the ghost of his dead bride came to John to haunt him/ impart slightly questionable life advice. Sherlock didn’t confirm nor deny John’s statement, but his shoulders hunched a little, giving away his discomfort with the discussion. “Before that, it’s my understanding that you wanted to um,
He wanted to ask why Sherlock seemed to hold the opinion that they were going to die, and also question how he could seem so unconcerned about the whole affair. But the Dragon was already sashaying his way out the door, not a scrap of clothing protecting his modesty as he flounced out into the hall.
It was only then he realised that it was dark, night and the moon filtering in through the windows in the vast hallway and turning everything a soft blue. He couldn’t bring himself to trust it, glancing over his shoulder with the music box tucked inside his robe the entire way back to the main halls.
“I said, what did you expect? None of us have eaten in a day and a half. You’ve given priority to the Dragons for water.” Silver eyes glinted with hatred, and the soldier spat on the ground suddenly in fury. “If we all die in this damn desert, it’ll be on no one’s hands but your own!”
John saw the gem on her back, glittering crimson. A voice in his head murmured the name even as Irene caught his gaze and smirked.
, instead seeming to value his opinion and even crave his company. It was strange, because John was so used to being ignored. So used to being lonely and just a little bit invisible. Yet it was impossible to be invisible under the watch of those blazing azure eyes.
Then Dodge's face melted away, and Sherlock was in front of him. In his Human form, the Dragon looked terrible. His mouth and throat were stained red, and he was looking at John with something akin to worry. Likely because he was saying something, but John couldn't
John watched the entire thing with a mixture of apprehension and barely-suppressed hurt. Normally, Sherlock treated most of the world in this way. With a healthy dose of suspicion and barely-suppressed distaste. However John liked to think that he was the exception, that somehow he had softened the scaly git's somewhat impenetrable hide, just enough to be about to get through to him. Yet now Sherlock was looking at him as if he didn't quite trust him, and there was something wild in his posture, something decidedly aggressive. It was a total shift from the soft expression that usually graced the detective's face, and truthfully it was alarming. Pitching his voice low, John felt a true prickle of unease as he asked his partner
In a hope to perhaps burn out the girl through exercise, she tried to buy Shyla a dog, something which she could care for and hopefully gain some responsibility by.
He had truthfully been avoiding the detective since the incident with Sebastian Wilkes, and over the weeks John had found the separation strangely painful, even though he still followed Sherlock whenever he left the flat looking for a trace of the man that could walk up walls. He went to bed early, hadn’t lingered in the livingroom as was his usual routine. It was likely the detective realised all of this, and the thought made John feel even guiltier. He was woken frequently on and off by the echoing shrieks of a violin being abused, but it always ended the moment he opened his eyes.
It was in this way that neither of them heard the turn of the lock of the door to their flat, or the nearly soundless footsteps entering
He got distracted by it, and so forgot the little girl back in Essex with their mother. He forgot what it felt like to be living in a home in which he was not the ruler, and most importantly forgot mummy’s temper when someone dared to shift the tables in her family.
The ex-army doctor came down the stairs yawning, stretching his arms one by one by pinning them across his chest even as he came to see Sherlock packing up his instrument. His smile was sleepy, but it was warm. It was such a welcome sight that for a moment the detective allowed a small smile to pass of his own, until he saw that John was surprised at his immediate response. Sherlock turned away and feigned interest in the horsehairs of his bow, casting a critical eye across its length as he held it up to his face. John rubbed at his face, shaking his head clear of whatever thought had caused him to pause. His cheeks were slightly pinker than normal as he greeted the detective.
He trailed off, gesturing vaguely, to which Mike's ruddy cheeks pinkened further as he chuckled ruefully.
“I know of Wilkes.” He began cautiously, but Mycroft was already shaking his head. His voice was dismissive.
The Dragon seemed to vibrate in place, wing-tips quivering, and John felt the hair on the back of his neck rise as Magic coursed through his veins, dark and decadent and stronger than ever before. He could feel it, settling in the crook of his arm. Burning but not damaging. Cool to the touch. The soldier leaned into Sherlock's neck, breathing praise into his scales.
“Don't be dull.” Sherlock growled, brows furrowed in confusion, as if he couldn't understand why the subject was so important to John. “We wouldn't do that.
John shifted, shoulders tensing even as he felt the hum of something wrong thrumming down his spine. It was like being watched, though nothing made itself visible in the darkness. Feeling as though he was being sized up as prey, the ex-army doctor straightened, looking to Sherlock cautiously. The detective’s eyes were bright in the dark, nearly luminescent like the gem that glinted over his brow.
The text came to Sherlock in the evening, after the detective had spent the day all but secluded in Mycroft’s office. Scotland Yard had begun a search for John Watson, but the detective was fully aware that the Alters had gone underground before, and would have no hesitation of doing so again.
if they did not offer it up, especially with one-night stands. She offered no comment, but nodded when he asked if he could light up in her room, shrugging slightly.
The army fuelled that, the terror of comrades dying and the daily stress of battle putting its toll on John’s psyche. Though he himself felt none of it, his other personalities suffered. Conrad’s memories consisted mostly of those days, during high-stress situations when he was pressing his hands against someone’s wound, screaming out orders in his captain’s voice and wishing distantly for a cigarette.
And when Mycroft found out about the drug use and cut Sherlock's inheritance off, the young man didn't hesitate to do more than just pay the sharp-eyed young man with cash.
Like a howling wild-dog, he kicked and fought and shouted, trying to rip himself from the hold the two men had on him (and he thought he caught a glimpse of Billamus Murray's dark brown curls from the corner of his eye, and there were Asher's freckled hands grabbing him and holding him down). He scratched and bit wildly, but there was no stopping the village as a mob once they had the mindset to work as one. John was passed to other hands, multiple pairs, and all but dragged by shoulders and ankles alike as he was pushed to the centre of the square. He felt someone strike him as he sunk his teeth into their flesh in a moment's desperation, and the crack of the hit caused him to see stars even as he fell to his side.
with was nothing more than a fabricated lie? Well, that in some ways changed a person on an entirely other
. Listen to me. You sit all alone in your tower with only star-children like Molly, or Hudson to speak to. This was how your dabbling with… less pleasurable ilk began. Jounhin is perfect for you, I
that such a creature was curled underneath his bunk, John found the little boy inside of himself that he had long ago discarded was all but jumping with glee.
and younger and frightened, trying in vain to coil away from an unseen shadow that reached out to strike him across the mouth.
Together, like playing in an endless feedback loop, was the predominant chant they shared as they pressed their foreheads together and closed their eyes against the world.
He thought instead, blue eyes narrowing fractionally. John nodded once, but other than that, didn’t answer. His gaze was becoming clearer by the minute, sleep falling away to be replaced instead with a mixture of curiosity and trepidation.
Which meant that inevitably, John would leave. So Sherlock had naturally prepared himself for such an eventuality, pretending he lived alone. That the soft pleas sometimes at his door were nothing more than creaking pipes. That his own mind was playing tricks on him, running through the halls of his Mind-Palace and forcing him to chase after a spectre like a child playing a twisted game of tag.
But then again, he supposed that the government didn't exactly care what happened to the war fodder, as long as they took down a few enemies when they finally blew. There was a time when John trusted the higher powers in charge, but those days had ended for him when he was fairly young. Growing up in a slum district tended to make you see fairly quickly just how honest the government was when they were forced to do their dirty laundry.
Again, Hamish rejected his idea. Sherlock’s gaze swept over Hamish’s jumper, noticing how little crumbs rested on it from lunch. Bread, except John hadn’t packed their son a sandwich. Instead it had been crackers and cheese. Yet there was no evidence of crackers on his son's uniform. Hamish also had a sticker on the back of his hand, one of a race car. However, his teacher didn’t give out stickers much, and tended to prefer those in the shape of planets and or stars. Something about positive reinforcement that the detective never quite bothered to understand. Tilting his head, Sherlock deduced the most likely culprit for his son's excitement easily.
Half the time she had been told to be more wary of her siblings than any strangers. It was a fight for the crown, and she was the bottom of the totem pole in a world in which power could mean life or death. Her only advantage had been the fact that amazingly, impossibly, her father had favoured her above the others. Perhaps it was due to her face, so like her own mother, or perhaps it was merely the fact that the king had grown tired of scheming children. Rania hadn’t been a born strategist; it had never been in her nature.
And from the platform a man clad in the dark brown robe of the clergy stepped onto the platform, and his voice carried out into the silent crowd and echoed like the roar of a lion.
Something vulnerable as the little girl unwillingly remembered. Sherlock felt his heartbeat drum a little bit faster in response, his hands tightening as they pressed against his lips. She was silent and still for a long time, staring vacantly into space. The Detective for a moment wondered if maybe he had pushed too far.
Shyla sobbed a string of barely intelligible sentences through the phone line, none of which to her seemed to make sense. However her older brother seemed to comprehend at least a smidgen of what was said, as he responded with a sharp sigh of exasperation.
“That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, suntan - Afghanistan or Iraq.”
One person that had tried to take Sherlock, had wanted him as a sexual partner. Only a night passed and the man was sent to the ER, suffering frostbite in places that no Human in the right mind could conceive of. For a moment he bared his teeth at the memory, fierce once more for a second before he remembered his weakened state. Then he slumped back into his chains, listening as he flicked his slightly pointed ears to the sound of The Gateway opening to let in the new wave of meaningless presences that would ogle him for an instant before seeing the Red on his Collar and drawing away.
He shoved his papers towards her, backpedalling from his desk to get the rest of the files. He intended to get to the bottom of this peculiar occasion, but for now he had no choice to comply.
As if sensing the wavering in his mind, Shyla’s blue eyes seemed suddenly wider. The hard clench of her jaw softened to make room for the quietest, hurt breath, and to Mycroft’s surprise began to tremble ever so slightly. Quick as a flash though the expression was gone. What returned was an ice mask, one that Mycroft to his own surprise recognised as a mimicry of his own.
Vaguely, he felt almost certain it was something edible (because anything that smelled like that had to be edible surely) but beyond that he was quite at a loss as to imagine what it could look like. Seeming to sense his confusion if not the cause of it, John stood slowly, shuffling over to the kitchen area to rifle around with something that made a large clattering noise (Sherlock would later find out it as a clear glass cloche that covered the dessert) before coming back out with what looked to be a pastry made from heaven itself balanced in one hand. Sherlock's eyes went from slits to saucers as wide as dinner plates in shock.
The first time John woke, the man could remember nothing of the pool incident. He woke screaming from a nightmare, flashes of trauma and sounds and colours mingling in front of his vision and disorienting him. Sherlock’s voice had only just managed to cut through the miasma of panic, forced as he was to be in bed. John, openly panting in fear and shaking, had barely been able to articulate his fear.
And the power of that voice, the unyielding force behind that song, caused the soldier's legs to buckle, his thoughts freezing against his will as his body fell lax against the creature's hard ribs. John Watson was alive, panicking silently inside of himself, but outside he could not move. Could not speak. He was as limp as a rag doll as he felt a controlling domination pinning his body in place, a magic that he had spent the greater part of his life trying to convince himself didn't exist.
A long pause, drawn out and stretched seemingly forever. Finally, the heart of John's fears came, whispered and tense.
Sherlock snorted, shaking his head as if what John had just said was something so plebian he daren’t bother to answer. The response made John’s vision flash to red, and he grit his teeth hard. Curling his hand and resisting the urge to hit something, the soldier glared at the Dragon in disbelief.
“And what will they want for that tidbit of information?” John responded dryly, peering out into the dark, searching already for the telltale glow of inhuman eyes. Greg’s answering sigh was one of long-sought patience, born from having had this conversation more than once with his friend. He reached into his cloak, producing tobacco and a beaten old pipe. He spoke as he methodically went about readying his smoke, voice quiet but comforting in the dark.
He still didn't always tell his friend though, if only because if he did, Sherlock would be demanding John stay with him almost every other night. It was difficult
His first answer is instinct. An automatic response from being asked so many times in both the Army and as a child the exact same question. The slightly defensive bristling of his shoulders is not lost on the Detective.
Certainly, Sally Donovan made her opinion on Gems clear. John had learned enough that at a glance, he could appear relatively human. Clearly, the sergeant had thought so as she’d pulled him to the side, hissing at him that the likes of Sherlock Holmes were
Yet his mind cautioned him, so that he responded more slowly as not to appear too hasty in his choice.
The Selkie was tall, taller possibly even than Sherlock, and the same mercurial glint glimmered in his expression. The man’s hair was wet – a dark brown, but John could see tints of red that promised to reveal themselves fully when dry. Skin that was the kind of pale that promised to freckle under the sunlight made the man appear almost sallow in the dark of the cove. An axeblade nose made features not classically beautiful, but there was a kind of beauty in the fierce and unbending dignity in the way the creature stood tall and unforgiving. Coral lips peeled back into a fierce snarl. Upon the creature’s strong upper arm, a band of gold glinted. Natural stones, shining like blood rubies carpeted the simple metal piece of jewellery, forming elaborate swirling lines and spirals. It looked heavy, almost as heavy as the beautiful silver clasp protecting the man’s dignity by holding his sealskin in place about his hips.
“Here is the deal. I will play with you this game and within reason any other games you happen to find or create at any time you wish. However in exchange, you must do something for me.”
The thought was probably a bit not good, but at that moment, Sherlock really couldn't find it in him to entirely care just yet. In his mind right now there was John, and then there were the Others. Black and white until proven otherwise. After all, Alters could be harmful to the host. He had seen studies where some cut their bodies and the Core personality had no idea why they were bleeding out on the bathroom floor.
And John's smile, for a moment not curling, not sarcastic, blossomed over Sneak's lips like sunlight parting through clouds. Then, because John looked small and somewhat lonely, and that wouldn't do, Sherlock found himself wrapping his arms about the stranger that was now a tentative comrade, tucking him into the crook of his shoulder. Sneak stiffened, a myriad of expressions crossing his face. His voice was questioning.
Mike Stamford mistook the look on his face for confusion, smirking just a little as his beady eyes glinted with mirth.
uperiors suggested I shouldn't even bother with you two. Said both of you were more trouble than you were worth. I told them exactly where they could stuff it.” Her smile was small, but it was real. John did not return it, but his hands tightened minutely at his sides. He nodded pointedly, just a small jerk of his chin. It was enough.
are you here then?” He demanded instead, elbows braced against his knees, blue eyes steady and solid and unflinching under Mycroft’s stare. Though his posture was openly relaxed, it was a deliberate show. Something that John knew Mycroft would be able to read, should he know him at all. The elder Holmes did not answer straight away, instead choosing to answer John’s question with an inquiry of his own after a put-upon sigh.
“You wouldn't do that to Claude, she's a child. A baby, really. And John... he does need us, still. If you just erase us, there is a good chance our memories will transfer to him, and there are things he will not...
It was when he unzipped his fly, leaning against a solid birch that John heard it, moaning softly on the wind. The hair on the back of his arms and neck prickled, and he froze wide-eyed as the moon burst from a covering of clouds and spilt across his form.
Sherlock watched in stifled amusement as John pressed a finger to his lips as if begging the detective to keep a secret, blue eyes wide and slightly shy as the personality rocked gently in the chair. Claude, hoping that the man would keep her secret, marvelled over him with wonder and happiness at having successfully ousted her Big Brother from his throne, if only for a while.
Please don't hesitate to tell me what you think and if you have any constructive criticisms lemme know!
And though John didn't know then, he should have. Because lined with all other evidence, Sherlock's words were telling.
fighting. The way Claude couldn't seem to sit still, and her instinct to curl inwards as if expecting blows to fall on her at any moment. The detective's brain put the pieces together at once.
John's touch was gentle. Feather-light, so as to almost appear as not to be there at all. Sherlock felt his breath hitch anyway, turning slowly so that he found himself face-to-face with the army doctor, the microscope he had been looking through forgotten.
He was snapped back to reality however when the man spoke. His voice was like the rolling of thunder.
Ocean around him a blanket that was cottoning off his senses, John found himself no longer able to fight the desperate need to breathe. His lungs felt as if they were going to burst, filling with salt rather than air. His limbs, once scrabbling against the arms restraining him, began to twitch then relax. The burning fury left him, replaced instead by cold. Distantly, John thought he heard Sherlock’s singing, a high and haunting melody that was lulling him towards the finality of sleep.
Sherlock wasn't entirely sure what compelled him to allow Sneak into his room, to find him sitting cross-legged in front of him upon his bed, looking far more serious and intense than he ever had bothered to appear before. The detective thought that it was perhaps for a moment, that serious look had reminded him of John, and that the ache in his chest upon seeing it had pushed him to make room for the army doctor's diminutive stature. As it was, he found himself rather wary of Sneak, once he was stripped of his usual playful mockery. The man before him now was surprisingly alike to John in ways Sherlock had not expected. There was a set to his mouth as he looked the detective up and down critically, something tired in the way he stated plainly
John hadn’t even realised how he must have been staring until Sherlock’s voice rumbled, low and melodious and both familiar and strange, uttered from different lips.
“I believe that is an invitation only my mother can give.” Sherlock replied. Moran’s hackles stiffened, though he kept a safe distance. It was clear he had an idea of just what Sherlock could do. John noticed that around them, the dream of his village had begun to dim. The faces he had known all of his life were becoming blurred, blackened. Like a painting being set on fire, the image was crumbling.
And Sherlock Holmes looked at him, brows furrowed in such deep confusion that it looked as if something had broken within his precious Mind-Palace. He stared at John, a rabbit caught between cross-hairs. Waiting for the “but”. Waiting for the terms and conditions. The catch. But no conditions came, and soon the detective wondered impossibly if they would ever come.
Because even though Sherlock Holmes cared very little about most people, and he would lie even to himself and say it was only scientific curiosity, it hurt him when he saw how fragile John was. Not delicate like most people, no. The soldier still lingered about him somewhat, even without Daniel’s presence. John had an element of steel underneath the softer shell of complacency, and people were often surprised and more than a little awed when they encountered it. Sherlock included.
For a moment longer, no one dared to speak, as if they were all frozen solid in ice that was as thick as it was frigid and cold. Then John heard his sister's desperate shout ting out like a bell, and the enchantment broke as Harry, painted bride, made as if to grab the Water-Spirit and shake him. Like time itself restarted, Raz was suddenly upon her, and over half the village was slowly rippling to life, noise reaching a cacophony of shouted praises and prayers for mercy. John watched in muted horror as the people he had grown up with all slowly fell to their knees, curling themselves on the hard ground and chanting songs of worship and praise that had the hair on the back of his neck rising and gooseflesh rippling across his skin. Like dominoes he watched them, spilling over one another in an effort to show their reverence. The Spirit didn't seem inclined to pay them any mind however. His gaze remained fixedly upon John's face. The young man thought he saw a hint of a frown on the pale figure's features, but from the distance between them, he couldn't be sure.
He must have been mad, because if the answer was yes, then he’d live through it all again just for a chance to be in this bed, with this particular brilliance at his side.
Four days later, a new crack on the egg appeared. At first, neither Sherlock or John saw it. Sherlock saw nothing any more, lost in his Mind-Palace. John didn't see it, too worried and grieving over not only the loss of his daughter, but his husband. It was tiny, so small.
Mr. Holmes. You're walking in on one of our biggest secrets, and as much as I think you're brilliant, I think a few people might have some words to say to you if you just blurt it out and leave us gutted and open like one of your corpses.”
John yawned, grumpily thinking that he’d have been more alert if he hadn’t been awake all night wondering where the hell Sherlock was. He didn’t say his excuses aloud however, months in the army training into him that ultimately, reason didn’t much matter to his higher-ups. Scrubbing a hand over his face, John blinked blearily up at Dodge, feeling the dryness of his own mouth as he asked
hummed under his skin. In all of his life, John had never imagined wanting to be a father. He had never been one to dream of a wife and a picket fence, never been one to picture little legs running after a chubby dog in the front yard or caring for running noses and chicken-pox outside of his work. He hadn't ever... and when he had met Sherlock, what small lingering dreams of a small voice calling him
Sherlock had the decency to at least look a little sheepish before he straightened. Face taking on an unrepentant mask, the detective shrugged.
Sherlock for his part was unusually good about being quiet during the day time, allowing John to catch up on some much-needed rest. The Selkie busied himself flipping through some of the books John got him while he had been out, reading up on bees and honey and the effect a queen had on her hive. He was the eye of a small tornado, sitting cross-legged amidst half a dozen scattered books and paraphernalia in beach shorts and a comfortable white shirt.
The sound of it made the hair on the back of his neck stand on end, his lips pulling back subconsciously into a snarl of terror. To a civilian, the word meant nothing- a harmless naming of a child’s first years at school. To John, a soldier who had witnessed what Kindergarten meant in a warzone, it represented bloodshed, hell and the memories of his friends lying dead in a pool of their own blood.
she breathed in his ear, her voice a mixture of relief and joy. Sherlock instinctively returned the hug, surprised to find how comforting Molly’s scent was. It was a mixture of florals and warmth, and he inhaled it greedily, the first smell in this place that kept him grounded. He soon found himself tackled on his other side, another voice greeting him jovially.
One such child, a little girl who was particularly brave, even dared to step forward, chubby hands reaching out in wonder, looking to touch. Her large brown eyes glanced up to John pleadingly, and though the soldier didn't understand the language she spoke, he knew well enough to know she was asking for permission. The thought sent a pang of
Bill Murray’s voice dripped and stretched in the darkness, a guttural hiss that Cerioth could just make out through the pipes. He struggled to wake, tilting his head back woozily to peer up above. Through the slats of the floor, he could make out the shadow of Murray’s boot above. Leaning back made the blood in his nose threaten to pool at the back of his throat. The Dragon spat what he could on the stone floor. The voice he heard was one he didn’t know well, Rin hadn’t spoken much to him during their training together. It was an airy voice, soft enough that Cerioth struggled to hear it. Somewhere, someone was screaming. He clenched his teeth and focused through the pounding in his head.
As it was, he had his gun out, trying without success to pinpoint a steady target even as Sherlock's coat became even darker with slick. However there was no guarantee that John would be able to hit Henry without also shooting his mad detective, and that simply wasn't an option given the fact that he had only just recently recovered from having holes shot through him.
It was a lot like learning to drive, an ability only cultivated through practice, and John forced himself back and forth between his Human and Gem form constantly in those weeks, perfecting it with bullheaded determination.
Why would he hide it, after all it’s against his nature to put people in danger, and living with me is risky should one of his personalities decide to manifest...
well, this was a huge project that I'm afraid rather got away from me ^_^ This is officially the last chapter, but I'm in the process of writing a fluffy epilogue.
As he spoke, he looked at the hunched form of John Watson, more child than man at the moment. His pale, crystalline irises gave nothing away.
to describe a man before, but in his somewhat dazed state of mind that was the only adjective that could fit the image before him. In the silhouette of the bathroom light, those pale eyes were nearly clear, staring at a spot in the wall with a lost, wandering kind of gaze. There was a quiet loneliness, and a terrible fear hidden in the ice of that look. It was a brokenness that made the soldier think that Sherlock never intended for the likes of him to see.
John didn't count himself to be particularly faithful in his beliefs of the supernatural, but in that moment there was no denying that the man that had appeared in the centre of the village hadn't been Human. The weight of the chains that clinked heavily on his wrists and about his throat attested to that much. As did the burning feeling John felt tingling all over him, like he had tried to kiss a lightning bolt and only just survived. He wouldn't be surprised it his hair was singed, although from the feel of it he wasn't actually physically harmed. Just nauseous, as if his insides had been rearranged. For a moment he had to lean forward, tucking his head between his knees. The feeling that he was going to lose the rich food he had scarfed down during the festival grumbled through him, passing only when he forced himself to breathe deeply.
Daniel looked at the man before him, taking in Sherlock's careful expression, and the twisting emotions lurking in those eyes that he could hide from most. But not The Body, because John Watson knew Sherlock Holmes.
The Dragon bowed low and mockingly, his eyes cold and cruel. John was beginning to tremble with the amount of effort it was taking not to scream at Sherlock, and he knew on some level he should stop, should just… breathe.
“Yours, 'Lock. Always yours. If you want to keep this... whatever it is, you can.” John then came forward slowly, making sure not to touch the stone even while settling in beside it. Even as he did Sherlock's wings wrapped themselves about the chair, shielding his two treasures protectively from all light and noise coming through the windows of
There was a beat of silence, drawn out between the two brothers like a violin string stretched taut. Sherlock looked at Mycroft steadily as if searching for any sign of deceit, and his shoulders only slumped forwards upon finding none. The Incubus’ voice was quiet, filled with uncharacteristic vulnerability.
The soldier thought of milk-white eyes and of endless deserts. Of running laps. He thought of Dragons, so strong they could break a human being like a toothpick, yet bowing submissively to a small child. John thought of a lot of things. Yet he found no answers to his questions, only further mysteries. At the end of the day, he was getting rather tired of not knowing.
And then from the depths, Blue finally rose. She opened her eyes and looked at the flat, looked at all the sharp objects in it, all the things that could damage. She then looked at the softness of the detective's face in their collective memory. She felt a tenuous resolve fill her.
He was recalled back to life harshly, unfamiliar hands striking his chest in a brutal, clinical fashion, forcing the water from John’s lungs. It burned, and he did not wake easily, resisting it in the instinctive urge to avoid as much agony as humanly possible. Still the hands did not leave him be, not until nausea curled through the ex-army doctor, and he rolled over desperately to vomit up what felt like half the ocean from his stomach. Smooth stone met his knees as he did so, and dizzily John realised that he recognised the texture of it somewhere in the back of his mind. His leg ached from the cold, and the rest of him shuddered with it even as he breathed gratefully, the repeated inhalation of oxygen feeling like a blessed gift even as it burned.
Though Mike had lived in a slum district, it was a little known secret that John's friend didn't originally come from a poor name. His Mother, a woman named Willow Evelyn, had been distantly related to the Monarchy, before the War came and turned the government into a thinly veiled dictatorship. Said women in her time had arrived in the poorer district on the eve of a ghostly train in the middle of the night. She had no tags, barely any luggage to her name, and had been in tears when Mike's Father had met her at the Inn she stayed at that night. A barkeeper, and a shy one at that, he had been at first reluctant to pry into the woman's story. She had been a solitary figure, dark brown hair hiding her face and her melancholy
Dodge blinked at the force behind the young man's words. Then her gaze softened. She set down her cup with a gentle tap, looking up. Her features rearranged themselves back into blank stone as she looked hard at John.
The palace was a maze, filled with hundreds of halls that would be ridiculously easy to get lost in. As a result, Dodge left with Hanjera as a guide, John instructed to wait alone with the Queen for Aamon to be free of his duties so that he might escort him towards the men’s chambers. Without his superior the soldier found the Queen a different person, less prone to the polite sway of words that did not mean much. She was still entirely courtly, but there was a certain level of relaxation to her presence, a loosening of the metaphorical ruler that so straightened her spine with company.
Molly’s smile was soft, sad. She looked up at John quietly, her hands held together, tightening into a bundle of nervous twigs, white-knuckled.
Finally sitting down nearly twenty minutes later, John opened his blog, setting about determinedly to get some writing done before his husband woke up. He was just about to type up the latest case (serial killer, nicknamed “the mandarin” for his calling card- a mandarin placed in the victim's palm) when the silence of the house was shattered.
“Not to this room, but to this floor, for now,” Mycroft compromised. His voice brooked no room for argument. “Few people know of your existence at the moment, and believe me right now when I tell you that damage control is necessary in your reveal.”
The Selkie leaned into those hands involuntarily, a thick noise of confusion and question verbalising in a garbled string of sound. In response, a soft clicking noise of comfort came to him, followed by the cold wetness of sea water, splashed over his form. It was a blessing, something the Selkie leaned into hungrily. Sherlock cried out, a nonverbal sound of purest relief. He heard as if from far away his brother’s voice, rumbling out soothing complacencies that normally the Selkie would have scoffed at. As it was, it comforted him, Sherlock’s state child-like and frightened in the haze of what his people called
It took Sherlock a moment to recognise the beginnings of a flashback. He was hasty to avoid that from happening. Reaching out to ground his friend by the touch of his hand, he kept his voice a constant reminder of where Claude was. Who she was with.
“I’ve adapted over time. It was not easy.” Rania admitted modestly. She sipped her cup in silence and seemed to reflect on her words before speaking, looking at John and seeming to peel back layers of skin, identity with the scrutiny in her unseeing eyes. “How does one do anything, when their family is murdered and you are left to pick up the pieces of a country that is falling apart?” She shrugged, slender shoulders shifting Ryuk with the motion. Her voice was quiet. “I supposed I cried a lot, the first few months. Cried and read everything I could get my hands on to do with politics. Sometimes I did both at the same time.”
John found the days were blending together somewhat greyly.  It wasn’t anyone’s fault.  It was in the way the clouds never seemed to lift for the first three weeks after the attack from the Demons, in how his people flinched away from the dark and screamed themselves awake with night terrors. It was in the way that children left candles burning in the night, and in the way that people looked at John with respect - how they blessed his presence because he made sure that only five men had been slaughtered that night.
From that moment o, Rania resigned herself to fighting. She hardened herself against the pain of her siblings’ greed, hardened against the betrayal and sadness that would wash over her when she asked herself why her father let these things happen. Instead she began to learn to defend herself, practicing with a small knife with the city boys when she thought she could sneak away. She fought hard, and she worked hard, and she reached fifteen alive and well, only two brothers left as the rest had either died, disappeared, or had been murdered by other hands.
Sherlock scowled at the mocking sound that came out of the little Human's mouth, bristling not unlike a puffer fish with spines. He crossed his arms over his chest in childish sulking, pointing to himself and singing with an overly sugary flair of politeness
Sherlock crash landed at some point, the heat turning the earth beneath his wings upside down and the sky rightside up. Like a spinning top he plunged, hitting hard sand with a crash that seemed to creak his very bones. He was slow to get up, and even slower to blink away the swimming tide that had become his vision. The Dragon peered up at the beating sun with hate, licking chapped lips with a dry tongue.
“They’re celebrating our marriage.” John’s voice to Sherlock’s surprise wasn’t really upset at this notion, at least not as upset as it might have once been. Instead, the Water-Spirit found that the hand grasped in his own tightened, and John’s blue eyes seemed to shine brighter than they would normally as he took a deep, steadying breath.
He ignored the familiar twisting sensation in his gut, instead opting to eavesdrop on the speaking below.
It occurred to John then as he sat on the floor that it might be a good time to leave, come back with better ammunition, and possibly calm his frayed nerves with a cup of tea (probably with something a little stronger) and get his head back into the game as it were. The Clicker still lay abandoned on the floor, but he was hesitant to pick it up. A part of him recoiled at even the idea of even using it.
He and his friend, Mike Stamford had been both eyeing the table all afternoon. Mike not because of a money issue since he had a fairly wealthy Grandmother, but because he had a childlike enthusiasm for War that only showed in people who had never actually experienced a battle before in their lives. He and John had gotten along well since meeting last year in the same biology class, and they both had slightly destructive siblings. Though Jerome had a drug problem instead of an alcohol one like Harry.
Thankfully, John didn’t have to answer. For in that moment, a rattling gong sounded, and a deep and lazily drawling voice spoke from nowhere and everywhere at once.
Immediately Sherlock's hackles rose, and his blue eyes flashed as he bared his teeth and curled about John possessively, gaze thunderous and unyielding.
The army doctor looked small, coiled into a protective sphere with his head somehow contorting to rest upon the arm of the furniture, eyes closed but flicking with the beginnings of sleep smoothing out the lines of his forehead. Sherlock felt a small but crippling wave of relief fill him at just the sight of it, the utter innocence of the posture that John held. Defensive but not completely shut off. His flatemate's hair appeared more grey under the flat's lights, but instead of ashen like it had seemed in Mycroft's office, it now looked like plated silver. Sherlock felt most of his rage stifle itself, replaced instead with a weary kind of resignation.
I'm also finally on Testosterone, as some of you may or may not know from my tumblr! It's a wild experience, and I feel already a lot better mentally than the depressed teenager I was in middle and high school. It's exhilarating, and I look forward to all of the changes in my mental and physical health to come.
The thought that someone as cold as Sherlock would have some emotional scars should have in retrospect, been a little obvious. John chalked his blindness to it to his own tumultuous feelings as of late. What could make a Water-Spirit so angry, though? They couldn’t get sick, or feel hunger, or even really hurt unless they were hurt by a God. He mulled it over, trying to ignore the way the panes of the window rattled threateningly under the wind. John’s thoughts were as restless as that wind, and inevitably turned to the wolf with the scar running down its eye.
That's how John wound up in a sleek black car, sitting next to a very pretty but very mysterious woman who called herself Anthea, once again questioning his sanity.
selection of Dragons, everything from Eastern Mountain Wyverns to Chinese Lake Monitors. It is a literal menagerie, and I
Wilkes' voice contained commendation. “Lieutenant Kate Bellerose and Dragon Irene, in honour of your outstanding performance, I would like to ask your help in teaching today's training course.”
"Please, John? Your grandmother, she was a good person. She wouldn't have wanted… " But Mike trailed off, scratching the back of his head and shrugging almost sheepishly. John's shoulders slumped forward as he sighed. His voice was laced with resignation.
“What’s his last name; 'Mish? Maybe we can organise a play-date with his parents. We could all go to the museum.”
It was clear that Sherlock was considering ignoring him. He’d let go of John’s arm, but his hands were still flexing at his sides restlessly. There was an edge of mania in his posture, something vaguely unhinged. His voice was cold, colder than it had been in a few days.
John did his best not to roll his eyes at the statement, instead clenching his hands between his knees and inhaling deeply so he wouldn't say something he'd later on regret. The chill in the room seemed to permeate into his fingertips, causing them to tap coolly against the skin of his knuckle. A restless movement, mentally ticking time away.
There were many plants, actually. It wa sa fact that rather surprised John, but he supposed he shouldn't have been. Water brought life, and he had never seen so much green in all the world as he walked along. Trees reached overhead, great umbrellas of shade that bore low-hanging fruit, ripe and sweet. They sheltered clinging vines that climbed along gnarled bark, wide-leafed and deep green. Sweet-smelling flowers bloomed amidst soft moss along the stone pathway, crimson like beating hearts, white as snow.
“You were missed at last weekend’s gala. I had several courtesans ask after you.” Pale eyes narrowed, and John felt a whisper of the elder Holmes’ power trickle into the air like a ghost.
before the crash. For a moment, Sherlock watched in fascination as vague recognition filled John's eyes as his gaze slid towards the detective, like a window
a put-upon sigh, scratching the back of his neck before seeming to level his shoulders in silent determination. When he unzipped the edge of his jacket and pulled out a thick green-covered tome, Mike raised his eyebrows in disbelief.
Only this time, John wasn’t alone. This time, instead of all the other times when such a mood had hit John, such a memory, the army doctor found himself far from on his own.
stop his brother from uttering another word, for if he did the world would crack, a tea-pot shattering into a million pieces- “Do not come to me pretending you know him, when you can't even spot the
“Consider me someone who knows what it’s like to always have to compromise. For your purposes though, you may think of me as a guardian of sorts.”
Her voice was absent. Lost in memories from far away. She seemed to tuck herself inwards, make herself even smaller. John was a ball, a hunched figure. Blue spoke as if she was adrift in an endless, yawning sea.
The tone was a danger sign, disbelieving and deadly. Something in those blue eyes flashing. There was a crackling energy about Sherlock, and some of his mask became sharper, less like a flat pond and more like sharp ice just waiting for John to impale himself upon. “You’re accusing me of being childish? Humans are children, running over the Earth, laying waste to it wherever they go. Your kind are nothing but lying, fickle creatures. You wouldn’t understand my actions even if I explained them, with your dull mind.” The words were hateful, and with them came the ominous rumble of thunder out beyond the temple. John didn’t care, the sound exhilarated him, made his blood boil under his skin.
trying to get air-borne.” Sebastian laughed, and John felt a small shiver of apprehension run through him; Irene and Kate did
KILL THEM!” The little girl shrieked. She knew it was no use, she was already slipping away. Yet an image of Sherlock filled her mind, as well as John, overwhelmed and lost in the white static of their head. They couldn't. The detective would know. John would go to jail. They would all go to jail.
Sherlock could hear them as they slowly shifted about the many twisting halls and passageways, looking tentatively into the bars of the cells as if trying to find a treasure amongst stones. He could smell the nerves on them, tangy and sharp in his flared nostrils. As one blue-green eyes flicked open, he caught the mottled colour of Military garb on their leader, a woman with hard eyes. He watched her shadow unobtrusively, not moving from the shadow of his cage. He could almost be invisible, when he felt like it.
was never stayed in for more than just a few months at a time. Perhaps it was the damp, percolating through the very walls with it being a basement flat and all, or perhaps it was the fact that there was a generally eerie feeling lurking in its' depths. It was as if something had lingered in there, long ago, and the shadow of it still hadn't completely gone away. Like it was smudged into the very concrete of the floor itself, a charcoal rubbing.
Reluctantly, Sherlock looked to his brother, silently searching for reason as to Claude's distress. It didn't feel right, and he could sense something foul hidden in layers behind his brother's shuttered expression. Yet the detective had no evidence to point out his claim. Sherlock liked to pretend he never guessed, but the truth was there was always an element of gut instinct to deductions.
“It’s… it’s nice, this. Being able to… to talk about it to someone and have them not look at me like I’m completely mad. Everyone… Even when I was little… No one took me seriously about Selkies and myths and legends. Not since... my grandmother.”
“The Fire and Ice Duo, yes.” Greg supplied. His face darkened a little as he spoke. “My father told me his plans and I was furious. I told him I couldn’t marry someone I’d never met. He and your mother talked, deciding to arrange a meeting at the Star Ball. I came with the intent to find something to hate you for, but…” He trailed off. Mycroft felt a lead weight in his stomach drop.
On his tongue, the sharp taste of adrenaline, coursing through his veins a mile a minute filled him. It flowed through his very bones. Though the creature raged on above him, words muffled by wood and thick and solid insulation, John could still feel his heart pounding away shakily, leaving him feeling as if he was scarcely able think. He found his grandmother's words, drifting in his ear. Her favourite kind of saying:
Of course, the detective was currently attempting to peel tar from the inky blackness that was his hair, tugging futilely at the sticky substance in the living room, standing on a towel just in case. His thin frame rocked as he tugged again on a particularly sticky piece, answering distractedly even as his mind focused on the case.
Sherlock murmured, and there was a shred of something underneath the burning intensity of that gaze. Ignoring its demand of attention, John stuffed his hands in his pockets, turning on his heel. He marched away towards the other side of the hill, shoulders hunched as if expecting a blow. Sherlock didn’t follow, but the soldier felt blue eyes glued to the back of his neck critically.
“I worked with this bastard in communications between humans and Gems during the War. His brother had him in, giving him something to do. Put the wind up everybody. We hated him. We'd come down to breakfast during overnight pulls and this freak would know you'd been shagging your coworker.”
It was one thing to fight his slavery. Quite another to not be clever about it. Honestly, he wondered to himself if he hadn't hit his head on something, was his Mind-Palace really so out of shape that he couldn't process
Shyla snorted, crossing her arms defensively over her chest. Her voice dropped, a deliberate attempt to not let it lift instead and reach dangerously close to a soprano. “It’s not to torment you, it’s to keep me sane. I’m
Dodge, Cerioth, Mike and Molly were already waiting for them when Sherlock and John arrived. The group stood under the shade of a large oak, broad and firm in its trunk as a sleeping elephant, and permitting enough space to allow for conversation. Mike was wearing a clean button-down, its new buttons glinting softly in the morning light. John tried not to notice how under-dressed he felt in comparison (he had woken to find a certain scaly git has effectively flooded the bath again, leaving him to scrub clean the debris). John only had time to throw on a grubby t-shirt, jeans and his jacket. His mood didn't change when he saw that Dodge was dressed in a soft white blouse and black skirt, flaring outwards just above her knees.
His question seemed to hold within it a thousand other requests, and the little boy found himself nodding, despite the fact that Sherlock's teeth were just a bit too pointed for his liking when he grinned in response. The
He takes out a pen, clicking it with his thumb as he takes out a stack of bank notes with a rolling of his eyes. Daniel feels the back of his neck prickle with fury at the thought that he can be bought. That he's a mercenary instead of a damn veteran that deserves a little more respect than
John watched as the Dragon muttered something in satisfaction when it was done, noting how it limped slightly as it came to relax finally just beside its Crate.
John's posture curled in on himself protectively, breathing coming fast and shallow. Those eyes filled with numb sadness, cracking with horror and fear. His voice came, soft and terrified and pleading, and he looked up at Sherlock like he was a monster before muttering
Both Human in appearances once more, Sherlock stark naked, John and Sherlock found themselves leaning against one another, blinking as one into the dust and the wreckage that stood before them where the centre of the compound once lay.
Only to stop dead when he found John holding the photograph. For one second, John felt the horrible and niggling sensation that he had just pried into something very,
“My Lord is too modest. His first year, he nearly got us arrested for 'exploring' outside the compound within this very village. He might have been shot, if I weren't so indestructible and if the people of this country weren't so inclined to train their children as gunmen.” She said the last part with slight edge, slitted eyes narrowing as she blew smoke from between her lips with the memory. Her Master laughed, curling an arm easily about her shoulder. John watched in amazement as Rin, much like Sherlock, seemed to lean into his touch. There was a warmth there that John truthfully hadn't seen in many other pairs yet within the truck. He looked out of the corner of his eye, confirming his earlier observations.
His camp offered no sleep however, when the soldier came to see that two figures stood in silence at the mouth of his tent. In the darkness, their discerning features were difficult to make out, and John stopped briefly in a mildly paranoid moment of suspicion and panic before he recognised the glint of the blonde hair. Using the last of his energy, John managed to stand tall and straight, saluting wearily to Lieutenant Dodge and Brigadier Morstan.
A sound of nausea came from the back of the man's throat, and he clapped a hand over his mouth and rose as if to check the bruises already beginning to form around the detective's neck. However in the next moment John drew away, spinning around to grab from under his bed a ragged rucksack. Sherlock was still dizzy, and it took him a moment to stop gasping and rise to his feet. Even as he did, the world tilted and swayed dangerously. Like a boat
John felt a chill run through him, something cold and brutal. His lips parted in shock, eyes widening as he lifted his head, gaze whipping wildly about for what the enemy could be after.
Cat-like, Sneak leaned back, heavy-lidded gaze flicking up to Sherlock's eyes and lingering there. Unlike John, he did not look away, merely kept a steady-eyed stare until the detective felt the silence in the flat ringing into his bones. In that stare was a reflected image of his own look, calculating and cool. For once, the detective thought he might understand why most cowered under his glare. He felt as though his skin
But then there was also the weariness, the wandering. The lost look John sometimes got on his face when they went for a long time without a case, or when Sherlock said something that was perhaps harsher than usual. Or when his childhood was mentioned, though the detective knew very little of it if he was being honest with himself. Sherlock had lived for a long time alone, and he actually preferred it that way. At least he used to. His parents had sent him away to boarding school the moment they had realized that he would be just as smart as Mycroft was, unwilling to deal with it when it was coupled with his lack of manners and volatile personality. He had grown up alone, cleverer than the other children and unwilling to dumb himself down for anyone.
the same scene before him, and to John's shock he saw the Lieutenant have the same carefully blank expression on her face. Mike was following suit too, albeit more nervously. His sweat stood out on the cleft of his brow, clear on his pinkened flesh.
“Yes we've been trying to keep Conrad from smoking for ages. He can't help it though, it relieves a bit of his stress I think,” he murmured softly.
"Our mind when it's rattled, comes up with the strangest things. Who knows? Perhaps John will be able to tell you just who he was talking about when he awakes. In any case if he asks for him again, I'd just gloss over the topic. Chances are he's going to experience some disorientation for a little while until he gets back on his feet. Partly the medication's fault and all. Distract him with reality, ask him about his family instead of lingering on a name he plucked in a moment of panic and fear."
Sherlock had perused the file of Henry Knight upon his brother’s words, reading it by lamplight even as the day stretched into darkness. A boy with large, blue-green eyes and ears that stuck out in a rather unfortunate way looked back at him through a grainy photograph. The description of the patient’s Alters was vague, and truthfully not wholly similar or as complex as John’s.
Was his friend’s rather articulate greeting, the man wincing as he sat up slowly. Every pain that the doctor felt Sherlock categorized instinctively, eyes flicking to the soreness of the man’s back (being curled up on the floor would do that to a person) to the aching of his scalp (hair-pulling, should monitor that better, next time). John’s blue eyes were nearly colourless by the light of dawn spilling into Sherlock’s bedroom, and his expression went from confused to vaguely horrified as he came to realize just where he was lying.
“Aye.” Mike couldn’t help but agree even as he glanced about warily. His blade seemed to quiver quicksilver in the dark. “We never did find a way to deter the
The quiet clattering of his busy hands wasn’t particularly loud, but the detective eyes suddenly sparked, and he reached out in annoyance as if to stop John from being such a nuisance. However his hand froze just before he touched him, hovering for a moment before Sherlock scowled and drew back to his seated stillness. John frowned slightly, wondering why the detective was looking at him with such unease.
“It's not natural and I hate it! I hate it and I hate all of this and I hate th-the p-parties and the dresses and Myc
John blinked, feeling his throat tighten slightly at the ache behind Mycroft’s words. For he could see it now, carefully concealed under a mask of uncaring-
Still, he couldn't back down. Not for this. Never with something like this. His hands clenched in futility at his sides, and he jaw worked open and closed as he considered his words carefully. All the while, the detective seemed uncaring. Unfocused. Lost in the realm of his own mind. Clearing his throat softly, John spoke.
She felt rather than saw a pair of eyes on her, seeming to peer out from the woods. The feeling of being watched made the back of Irene’s neck prickle, a moment later a low voice carrying on the wind.
It was halfway through the second week of flight training that John and Sherlock were introduced to their Squad. A team to work with, once they'd be assigned fieldwork. John wasn't surprised to find Bill as the other
“The Underpass is this way. If we hurry, Sherlock will sing right about when we make it up there.” Thankfully, Greg didn’t argue.
Wordlessly, his new friend nodded, still sniffing slightly from the tears. The creature blinked, considering his options. He didn't like John sad. It was strange, but it made Sherlock's chest itch, and not like the pleasant tug of chasing after prey, or wrestling with his brood-mates and older siblings. Instead it was a heavy thing, the ache of a pup without a mother, and for a moment Sherlock saw not a man-beast but another pup, just like him. John wasn't terrible looking for a man-beast, the pup rather liked the colour of his skin, even though it was darker than his brother's and sister's. Rather like the colour of his other skin, his coat. His hair was lighter than his, almost white, soft like the algae in shallow pools. Short. The pup felt an immediate desire to keep him, the possessive urge to protect things that he concluded belonged to him a natural instinct in his kind. Still, it was rare for it to attach to people, and unheard of for something other than his own species. However Sherlock still felt it, unyielding and insistent, and he wasn't sure if it was hunger or pity or a craving for comradeship or a mix of all three. The fact was:
“Stopped taking them when you returned home then. No, before that. Just before you left for the army. Any particular reason? Or did they not help? Let me guess...
He felt a twisting of guilt in his gut then for treating the Selkie like a child, like a bad secret to hide from prying eyes. The sand shifted beneath John as he swallowed his reservations and leaned towards Sherlock’s side, letting their shoulders brush in silence now made companionable. He could feel exhaustion threatening to take hold of him, heavy like lead.
At first, Sherlock was agitated by every small inconvenience that was brought his way, here in this gilded cage he was learning to call home. The hospital was quiet, too quiet to be a public space, and starkly clean in a way that he found made his skin itch. The Dragon wandered the halls at first just trying to find a crack in what seemed to be an impenetrable fortress, sharp eyes picking out any weaknesses that could be gleaned from the staff or the integrity of the building’s structure. He found both frustratingly solid, the nurses and doctors unfailingly polite but blank, the windows outfitted with bulletproof glass. Everything was made for safety, and all of it was boring and painfully absent of
This story doesn't have to be just three chapters if people would like more at some point. It's more of a writing exercise for me, so if there's a scenario you'd like to see or a situation, please feel free to let me know :) There's no real plot to this one, just drabble, so. Thank you so much for the lovely kudos and comments!
John was the one who ended the quiet first. His voice was hushed, treading as it was upon sacred ground.
Unwillingly, Sherlock's mind whispered to him. Told him stories of his own experiences, where his knees bruised from supporting his weight on the floor for too long, where rough hands pulled at his chin and loud voices barked orders, demanding he behave and serve boiling hot kettles without a word.
on a good price. Completely ignoring the woman's feeble objections to his movements he stood, knowing that Daniel would give him a chewing out if he got them all arrested. Not that they hadn't gotten a night or two in the drunk tank before, but violence tended to have charges attached to the end. Conrad wasn't necessarily the brightest of the Others, but he knew that much. So he didn't strike out, and instead went outside of Tesco's and tried to pinpoint exactly
So instead, hands tightening at his sides, he ran. He left the kitchen, ignoring two voices shouting his name (
Mike's eyes flicked to the heavy tome, now tucked once again into John's jacket. Just the edge of it peeked out from the open zipper, and Mike found his lips twisting into a small grimace of worry. He had seen the title of it, despite John's obvious wish to keep its contents secret, and Mike knew for a fact that it wasn't just a book you could buy off the internet.
Inhaling deeply, he could smell the faint soapy-warm scent of the blonde man he vaguely remembered lingering about the trail of cubes, confirming his suspicions about a trap.
“You’ll be more comfortable if you Shift,” he advised, hating himself as he admitted it. Not many could really sustain their Human form as well as he could, especially not while under stress. Too far into it, and a Dragon could be harmed like a Human by stressors. Too little, and parts of the Dragon would show through. Still, Greg’s Human form was pretty, it made sense his Dragon one would too.
The possibility that the boy might beg vaguely rankled the Spirit, the notion sitting wrongly with him. Though his bride had begged when he had been taken from his home, he had been heavily drugged, and it had shown in his movements and the bleary, not-quite-there gaze. Somehow, Sherlock thought that those blue eyes wouldn’t have even watered had he been completely sober. There was a certain kind of steel about the boy, a stockiness despite his diminutive frame.
doing but it…” She trailed off, biting her lip. During her words Xavi had grown hunched like a raptor trying to escape notice. His face was a grimace, and his gaze had drifted to his hands. They sat tight in his lap, twin balls of anxiety. In Molly’s lap, Nalini gurgled, sensing the change in the atmosphere. A silence sat between them, thick and uncomfortable. Molly suddenly wished she had never spoken at all, and was about to open her mouth to apologise.
It only seemed to expand when Sherlock finally managed to catch him behind the leather chair, both of them toppling down to the floor, breathless and wrestling and laughing.
He did not know Dodge, or the Dragon due to meet him. Until he could assess them thoroughly, they were enemies. Even after he could
After a long pause, his friend shook his head. John's lip snagged in between his teeth, belaying his confusion as he mumbled
Mycroft Holmes takes one glance at the killing machine before him and sighs in irritation, his hand flexing upon his umbrella.
lay unspoken before them, the story of his childhood trauma a topic of much discussion, even before he'd been shipped off to war. His therapist, Ella smiled her professional smile at him, and her pen clicked sharply as she scribbled something down in her yellow notepad. John resisted the urge to look down and read what would be there. He knew already.
After a few hazy moments of staring at the detective’s rather delectable arse, John blinked and made to follow.
Her hands had gripped the rusted rungs and her knuckles had turned white as she hoisted herself up, turning to give Harry a hand up to the bottom rung, who in turn held out a hand for John. Climbing had been fairly easy, but John wasn't used to heights. His Mother had whispered to them not to look down, and the curious little boy had made the mistake of ignoring her and looking directly below. Beneath him the ground seemed to stretch impossibly far below, and John's stomach had dropped out from under him in horror as he realized distantly that if he fell he'd crack his head out onto the pavement. His entire body stilled with frozen terror, his hands gripping the rungs so tightly that the blood had drained from his knuckles, and his knees buckled and threatened to give way. His heart pounding in his ears, he stood stuck. Unable to move forward, yet unable to go back.
John tried to fix the shattered pieces of stone even as the whistling sound of a bomb shrieked in the distance, even as he heard his friend Murray’s voice screech his name. Even as he felt a bullet knock into him, steal his breath. John lay in the sand bleeding, face only lifting once with wide eyes as he saw the Gem-based weapon land almost fifty feet beside him, and explode. He was thrown back into the dirt, a ringing filling his ears as dust blinded him. Everything dimmed to grey, even as a moment passed before John was overwhelmed with pain that made his lips part and his scream endless and loud. He could feel it tearing apart his throat, clawing its way through him just like the shrapnel lodged in his shoulder. John screamed and screamed, bleeding out onto the sand, white-hot pain garbling his words and his thoughts so that
John could see in his superior's eyes that there was no hesitation, no mercy. He knew why, and swallowed at the thought. He had known that Dodge was old enough to have
He watched as the man he loved laughed at him, a cruel and mocking sound. John shook his head in refusal of his own name, and with a lick of his lips introduced himself, spreading his hands in mock-presentation.
“Once, Dragons lived in a time of peace, and prosperity.” Sherlock spoke the tale in the dark of night. It was a familiar tale, one that fell from his lips easily. He whispered it for John, the story weaving itself before his eyes.
She had come to accept the fact that even if she was chosen for battle, she'd be luckier to be sold as a whore than be faced with becoming a weapon.
His mind screamed, and the song around him suddenly shattered, screeched like an ill note of a violin being abused. Pools and waves filled John's lungs, he could not breathe. There was pressure on his chest and his wrist was throbbing. A haunting, broken key sang in his ears, low and growling.
John’s breath was sweet, and he wasted no time in planting open-mouthed kisses along the edge of Shyla’s jaw, down the column on her neck. He didn’t stop there, falling to his knees rapidly and pressing his lover up against the wall. Shyla felt her breath quicken at the sight, eyes huge and heat humming in her belly. John peered up at her through the fan of his lashes, a small smile quirking his lips even as his thumbs pressed gentle circles into her hips. The sight made the detective bite down on her lip and shiver, a pretty flush crawling across her cheeks. For just a second, she forgot the fact that just a moment ago she had been self-conscious about her choice in clothes. John for his part liked the warmth in his lover’s gaze, and he liked more the small squeak of surprise and delight as he ran his nose along the noticeable bulge greeting him. The ex-army doctor’s hands were warm as they slowly hiked Shyla’s skirt upwards, revealing a sight that made John hiss as lust coursed through him.
He nearly jumped when a soft voice sounded from somewhere inside the flat, calling out to him in Human-Speak calmly and quietly. His accent is as clear as his scent, and there is a lightness to his tone. Cautious.... but friendly.
and she'd grit her teeth and stab the back of her hand underneath the table with the prongs of her fork to keep herself from revealing all she knew.
The words were whispered into the wet darkness, blinding John like a soft piece of silk wrapped about his eyes. He panicked, reeling against the sensation but unable to break free from it. His stomach lurched into his throat, and he felt as if he were tumbling into a freefall. His lips parted in a silent scream of surprise and terror, even as the whispering voice followed him down, down,
In his dream, the waves shattered into particles that shimmered like stardust. From them, something curled protectively about his waist, phantom hands pulling on his arms. A warm set of lips pressed against his ear. They whispered soft words.
It was unlikely anyone would recognise him; it had been years after all. Still, the thought of accidentally brushing paths with anyone who might see his face and call after him –
Greg seemed to shake his head, refocusing. He moved back a half-step, and Mycroft’s traitorous chest felt a pang of loss. It looked like their short friendship was already drawing to a close.  “I understand if you want to leave. I know it’s unsightly. I can… I’ll take you back to the Ball room.”
ticked off in the box, even if it was technically incorrect in his mind. Mycroft had been far less vicious about his disapproval than mummy had been, and part of that was perhaps due to the fact that he had seen his sister when she was alone, when she had thought no one was watching out for her in the vast emptiness of the Holmes house. He had seen the mask of pretend slip from her features, and the vulnerability that both Shyla and Sherlock still worked so hard to hide. Glass walls that at first glance seemed opaque but on closer inspection were as thin as candy floss. As a result, it had been no large deal to have his old name removed,
He lithely sprang into the brush, climbing over the sharp steeple of stones that divided the beach from the cove. His hands cut into the unforgiving stone and bled, but he barely noticed. He had to get away. Had to leave the shouting and the breaking and the voices that screamed he was
John didn't feel particularly frightened. No, he felt numb. He wasn't sure he'd be afraid even if he
eaten, and poor Mrs. Hudson would have to watch, and his face would be plastered all over the news and they'd likely pick that one photo from secondary school that he absolutely
those kinds of urges at all, Gem biology a mystery to him. He knew enough to be aware that some Gems
John nodded slowly, ignoring the crawling feeling of mistrust he felt coming from Sherlock in waves as he answered.
Sherlock didn’t smile, but his eyes burned, alight with silent joy hidden under his purposefully composed inquiry of
His mournful song mingled with the others as they danced far into the night, the other children laughing and sighing and playing tag along the beach while the adults kept wary watch for any sign of danger. Conversation, sounding like the clicking chatter of dolphins was exchanged. He sang to himself mostly, tucked away in a corner of the dark cove even as he stared at the moon. He found himself a piece of driftwood, a stick and traced the shape of the shell until the sun drove them back into the safety of the waves.
the Human beneath him gave. John's body was warm, pressed against him. Living compared to the ice of Sherlock's blood. So very much alive.
Sherlock's glare didn't lessen, but the colour of his scales cooled to a stoic light blue before he nodded once, crisply. His eyes fell back to the floor in the customary way, and his voice though edged with discontent offered a backhanded apology.
“In a good mood then?” John chuckled in response to the sound, drifting to touch the back of Shyla’s neck. His fingers were warm, and the detective drank in the touch like a greedy plant seeking water. “Normally you’re tetchy without a good crime.”
It had been poetic, then. Now, John was more concerned with the consequences of such a tie between them. He had no regrets, couldn’t, but he worried about their future. Dragons and Humans couldn’t share a public relationship; Dragons weren’t seen as
He sang, and it was so strangely poetic that the little boy found himself nodding, not bothering to question it when Sherlock after a moment leaned his dark curls against his bare shoulder. The pup looked at his hands compared to John's, examining their similarities and differences for a moment before he sang
“It occurs to me that M'lord in the back is suffering from fever....Which no doubt is causing him no small amount of discomfort. There is a cooler underneath your seat with some wet wipes in them. It's not much, and he might consider it disrespectful.....but...”
Shyla refused to be touched, not even in the kindest of ways. She swore at Mycroft upon seeing him, loudly snarled at the sergeant that held her in detainment while the elder Holmes signed her release papers, and eventually fell into a boiling silence that lasted the duration of the car ride home.
, John.” Mycroft explained, twisting the handle of his umbrella between his fingers as if it might hold all the world’s answers in its polished form.
“One day, you will meet a Human that will make you wonder how you ever thought something so terribly wrong.”
Mary had been nice, and part of John had been drawn to that simple kindness like a thirsty flower reaches for rain. It was a little pathetic, really. He hoped he hadn’t come across as completely lonely and pathetic. He could need a friend, out here. Well, a friend outside of kindly old women and occasionally murderous Selkies.
Sherlock's response was to snort in derision, spitting ice as his tail lashed with annoyance. His scales were an aggravated red-orange and he kicked up sand angrily, his blue eyes narrowed in distrust.
“Bet you they're dreaming. Babies often kick when they're sleeping... and from what I can tell anyway about his anatomy they're around that point in development.” Not that John had been able to really tell much- A Dragon's rate of growth was much different than a Human's. Sherlock didn't say a word for a full second, still blinking and splaying his hand against the egg, expression so lost and overwhelmed. A moment later his throat clicked dryly, and very quietly he stated
made it the kind of illegal that got people deported to third world countries, never to be seen or heard from again. There were strict laws about the kind of literature that was to be available to the public, and the soldier had known instinctively from first glance that this book was not on the list. England in particular was extremely choosy about what its citizens were allowed to read, and John had never before laid eyes on a name like
"Mum!" John's mother snapped, eyes flashing in apology even as she murmured, "I'm sorry. Please, will our son be all right?"
Sherlock had nearly sweat blood to regain a semblance of that in his life now. It still wasn’t perfect, but he had been able to gather the shattered pieces of his life together and stitch them up by hand. His plasters had been messy, and healing had been slow, but he had never been more secretly proud of himself when Lestrade agreed to work with him, despite his past. It had become the one time he could recall being truly grateful towards another, and even though the D.I still spent an absurd amount of time mothering him, he was respectful enough of Sherlock’s independence not to watch him at all hours of the day. Greg knew the detective wished for his privacy, longed for that sensation of complete solitude, and never challenged it. It was rare in a human being to see that innate knowledge, and so the D.I was added to Sherlock’s small list of people he called ‘tolerable’.
The two boys wandered down long hallways that Mycroft had known all of his life, pausing only here and there so that he could point out some painting or other and explain the history behind it. To his surprise, Greg seemed interested. He asked about a portrait of Mycroft’s great-grandfather, Rathbone of The Ice.
John felt cold run through him, fingers of ice clutching at his chest His throat bobbed nervously, the earlier dread returning to him.
She was always tired after using that particular spell, yet the fear of all the paperwork she’d have to do the moment she was better left her itching, wishing she could be free of the soft blankets and pillows she had found herself ensnared in. She huffed at the star-painted ceiling above her unseeingly, the dark waves of her hair fanned out across the pillow. Beside her, Ryuk slept on, as exhausted as she should have been yet wasn’t.
Most of the Dragons looked beaten into submission. They stared at the floor or at their laps, and their eyes looked distant and lifeless. Most of the Humans looked as if they already hadn't slept in weeks, stressed and tired. Threads being pulled taught to their breaking point. John was suddenly aware of how unprepared he was, how little he knew about the political situation. Truthfully, he hadn't actually practised firing a gun in weeks, and God only knew what was going to be expected of him at the compound. He suddenly felt the chafing pressure to get information, the urgent desire to learn more. It was an oppressive weight, one that seized him in the chest and caused Sherlock to shift minutely at his side. Inside his head, his Dragon attempted to soothe his fear.
Hello~ I have been away for a while, applications have ruined my life DX but I hope you enjoy the chapter.
Heck, he might even get a job, because by the look of the bills being ignored on the table, he'd need it soon. Rent didn't pay itself, and Sherlock's only case had something to do with a jewel thief and was barely a five on both the payment and interest scale. He hadn't had a real job in a long time, he'd missed the monotony of work. It relaxed him, and would probably make it even easier not to Split into one of the Others on Sherlock's watch. So he left with his resume in the front of his coat pocket and a credit card in his wallet, his left hand writing Sherlock a note to tell him where he would be in case the Detective was only pretending to listen and didn't realize where he'd taken off to.
Lyle shrugged, stuffing his hands in his pockets leisurely before handing Lieutenant Dodge the taze with an almost careless air.
“Not really.” Sherlock murmured, his gaze strangely skittish. Despite the fact that his actions spoke contrary to his words, John sensed that probing further would cause his friend to bolt.
Sherlock was no longer thinking about stealth, he slowly swam out of the shadows alluringly, moonlight illuminating his features even as the man slid down the rock face, sloshed and stumbling forward drunkenly even while muttering something unintelligible under his breath. The Selkie saw the shadow stiffen as he made himself visible by the light of the full moon, a ragged breath seeming to tear from the man's throat.
In fact, John Hamish Watson had originally as a child wanted nothing to do with fighting. As a small boy, he had been the kid in his little run-down neighbourhood to avoid anything to do with a scuffle, having seen one too many between his old man and his Mother for him to have the taste for blood. He grew up instead often pulling his older sister out of fights, like when Harry was younger and had attacked Timothy Banks for calling her ugly. Later, he had protected her from the same Timothy Banks when he had pulled a knife on her when he found out she was shagging his sister. Maybe that was why John originally developed a Healer's complex, because he watched so many people get hurt in the little ghetto district he had grown up in. Wounds were a constant thing, a telling passage of time, and John found a comfort in being the one who fixed them. There was a kind of completion in sewing together a cut, and a solace found in taking care of the ill as they lay before you. It was the knowledge that you were
A snowstorm. It had been snowing, the day Sherlock had been captured. He frowned as the image flickered past his eyelids.
The fact was, above all the detective couldn't abide his own failure, more than anyone else's. He had failed John today, and the evidence was in the way Claude had finally collapsed, in a chair so that none could sneak up on them, tucked as small and as unobtrusively as possible into the cushion. John's hands were curled against his chest tightly, strong and sure but being used for protection instead of offence. The sight alone caused the detective's chest to squeeze unpleasantly, and he frowned to himself as he straightened, jaw working in thought as he came to the sudden and forceful conclusion.
Sherlock hadn't even been in the living-room to begin with, but he suddenly appeared in a flash, wings flared out defensively even as he climbed over the back of the chair, curling about the rock protectively and all but
“It's okay. They're not going to hurt you, I promise....John, can you describe the doors to me? Any of them? Can you tell me the noises you hear?”
“It’s fine. Eventually, Mummy remarried. He’s a simple enough man, quiet. Kind. Even Mycroft can’t find a fault with him. But by then, I’d already begun the descent into less than favourable habits. It’s easy to do, when you have sex with a drug dealer in your family’s back shed. Victor was not a terrible person as drug dealers go, but his idea of morality could often be… flexible.”
“Everyone’s bullied in foster care Sherlock. I’ve got to use the toilet, calm down a little bit. My head’s killing me, to be honest.”
Sorry for the angsty chapter, but the next one will have the boys finally working some issues out, and hopefully trying for something a little more healthy in their dynamic :)
The obsessive way in which Sherlock traced the plate sent flutterings of unease through John's throat. It seemed the man before him was little more than bones and skin, but it was clear by the way the detective glared down at the dish in offended indignation that he didn't think as much. No, if Sherlock were allowed to slip away like this, then John would find himself awake much of the night, listening for the sound of someone moving, lest they make their way to the bathroom and-
“Tell that to my father.” Irene huffed, finally getting her breathing under control. The trickle of bitterness that crept into her tone made Kate’s brows rise.
“You really do surpass all of my tests. Really, it’s infuriating to some degree,” Mycroft’s expression turned more serious then, regarding John directly. “Gems are… not kind, when another of their kind is perceived as “different”. Sherlock’s lived much of his life as an outsider, and when afraid he falls to old defence mechanisms. In truth, I’d normally let this resolve on its own, but without your companionship I worry he’d find less… savoury friends.”
After all, Sherlock's thoughts were crowding him, making him feel as though he was wearing a binder twenty-four/seven. He could handle Sebastian, manipulate him. Even if he didn't have any money to speak of right now...Even if last time... he...
He thought possessively, and growled once in a threatening way as if daring the Human to challenge him for it.
With those words, Sherlock felt a crawling sensation in the back of his throat. The first pricklings of fear. He struggled to keep his voice cool, detached, but the burning intensity of his eyes cause Blue to shrink a little, look away. One hand came to John’s scalp again, viciously tugging at the blonde strands.
he was still seeing spots of black in his vision. He worked to keep the adrenaline out of his voice, so often misconstrued as anger.
“Don’t you eat those?” John asked in honest curiosity. It seemed like a strange pet to have, given the Selkie’s somewhat
They might have done something sooner, if chaos had not broken out only a week after they began to set their sights on her death. An announcement had come from a nearby village, garish tales of a race of strange people coming out from the uninhabitable parts of the desert. The strangest, most fantastic part of the tale was the part where they had turned into demons.
The creature was smooth, sleekly so, and its whiskered face nosed over Sherlock carefully before blowing at him salt brine and hot breath, making the man wrinkle his nose in distaste. In response the seal whuffled at him crossly, swimming about the rock in a circular motion before it dove underwater. When it resurfaced, Sherlock was looking at his older brother's pale and unimpressed face, and he shuffled reluctantly aside to let the man take a seat on his rock, freckled muscles pulling him sinuously beside him.
“You’d sleep more if you cut back on the amount of caffeine you consume. What’s that… six cups and it’s only about one in the afternoon?”
John wasn’t certain exactly just how intimate Fusion normally was. The Fusions he’d known had been made for battle, savage creatures taller than trees, able to take out whole fleets of battalions with single strikes. Yet Molly was looking at Tanzanite as if the Gem had just asked her to strip naked, and it was clear the detective was growing rather impatient with the expression.
of being mounted. At first, many tried to reason with their battle partners, choosing various forms of verbal communication (some ordering, others pleading) in an attempt to have the proud creatures acquiesce to the training harness. A long, brown-leather saddle of sorts, John's was painted with a bright red medic cross, standing out distinctively, with plenty of pockets to store away supplies and 'munitions. Though many soldiers would eventually give up their harness for a simple safety cord once they became skilled enough, John would never need to. Partly because the cross alerted his teammates to his assignment, and partly because the harness came with a complicated set of straps that, when used correctly, could hold and injured person to Sherlock's left flank.
One who was wonderfully oblivious, given the fact that he tripped twice over Sherlock's violin case in his hasty movements to settle in. He tried to convince himself that maybe, he was just oblivious enough that he wouldn't see, wouldn't be able to tell. That he wouldn't recognise how Sherlock's voice like a wave crested and cracked higher than any man's should, or how there was not a trace of food to be found in the house. Hoped that he would not notice the lack of a bulge in his pyjama bottoms when he felt the need to enter his Mind-Palace, when he sat all but naked on the couch.
” John all but vibrated on the spot, overcome with amazement. He giggled into his hand, spinning around as a rush of manic energy suddenly clutched at him.
John lifted his chin, blue eyes ablaze with defiance. In front of him, Sherlock remained a coiled spring of tension. His snarls came like the unending engine of a motor cycle. Making a sudden deduction, the soldier sighed.
The Colonel's broad shoulders were squared with pride and he spoke in a thunderous voice that was as brassy and bold as it was shimmering. It was the kind of tone that made even the most exhausted soldier (and there were quite a few, what with the parties that had gone on last night and the amount of drink that had been passed around) bolster with confidence. Despite himself John found the stirring of camaraderie quiver inside of him, further encouraged by Mike's friendly nudge in the shoulder and Bill's sunny grin as he fell into line.
filled him, and he shook it off with vague annoyance, clearing his head. It was at times like these that he found himself remembering one of the things he'd learned from his old home, from the way his father treated him, and from his own experiences of how time passed.
The slightly hopeful way in which she says this makes a callous smile cross Daniel's features. His snort is one of disbelief.
“You may consider me a friend of Sherlock’s, and a friend of yours by extension. I have little to show that might gain your trust, trapped as I am in this form.” She lifted her hand to demonstrate, light trailing through it and onto the floor. “Yet I must tell you, that you are in terrible danger, should you choose to continue the path you’re on.”
Because Sherlock was many things, brilliant, aloof and yet strangely affectionate at times, calculating, thoughtful, but above all, Sherlock was
“That’s a little fucked up.... You must understand, I'm a soldier. I don't sell what I know. If you're so concerned you might be better off finding out for yourself what he's up to-”
Then Conrad in a rare display of amusement winked at the man, and took one last inhale of sweet smoke before he ground the light under his heel. Sherlock almost thought that he could get along with this strange new personality, until the man's John-blue eyes darkened and he growled
No one asked when his voice turned raspy and sore, tender and inflamed from a night crouched over a toilet bowl, unsure of what he wanted but hating the fact that sitting there made him feel somehow better despite the pain.
And still again and again, John found himself knowing human beings less and less, and Dragons, more and more.
Mindless, kind words. Like the detective was calming a small child, John found himself trembling, breaths nearing hyperventilation even as he forced himself to breathe evenly. Still he flinched as Sherlock reached out to stroke the top of his head, the gesture strangely tactile for his
Sherlock lifted his head then, looking at John finally. His expression was lost, and he seemed for a moment impossibly young with the way his wild curls stuck up about his head and his eyes were wide. Though he did not outwardly show distress, the detective’s voice held the smallest tremble as he uttered the unutterable.
John blinked, tongue running across his lower lip even as he settled his luggage in the hall. The sound of it dropping from his fingers was loud in the silence, and a cloud of dust rose up from the pink suitcase's wheels, causing him to sneeze.
She landed in the dust in a front-curl, up on her feet in an instant. Darting past Sherlock's much larger form, she brandished claws that glinted blackly from the ends of her humanoid hands. Her eyes were slitted gold against dark skin, and she snarled from behind the mask that kept the sand out of her mouth and her identity hidden. Still, there was no mistaking the height of her frame, the smallness of her limbs. Barely more than a child and yet frothing at the mouth with rage. John found himself ducking as she lunged with inhuman speed, making a slice for his internal organs before whirling like a dancer, ducking to sweep his legs out from under him.
Trying to sound nonchalant, Sherlock stroked his son’s curls. Hamish’s expression brightened slightly. He grinned in relief at knowing an answer, unaware of how Sherlock would react to his revelation.
, and in an instant, he knew John had come back to him. The tears stopped, but the man's face seemed a thousand times more pained as he whispered “Oh God, Sherlock. I'm sorry. I'm
Tedious, such dealings. Much better to stay home, especially with John’s attention all to herself. Shyla could have purred, feeling a familiar sweet ache along her skin that was for once not hampered by the crippling sensation of being trapped in the wrong body.
“A snap or a hand signal is the most common sign between partners that they want their Dragon to shift.” Dodge explained casually, lightly stroking the ridge between two of Cerioth's protruding spines. “However in your case John, being a
Sherlock had fallen asleep, curled about their egg in front of the telly. He had been irritable for most of the day, flouncing about with their child on his hip, wings flaring defiantly even as he all but trudged, the extra weight of a Hatchling compromising some of his innate grace. The Dragon huffed boredly, driving John to utter distraction with his whining and pestering throughout the morning. Refusing to eat or sleep, Sherlock had finally made his husband so thoroughly infuriated that John had considered drugging the man's tea, if only to get him to stop complaining about how the rain was
John was twisted in his side of the sheets, the covers ensnaring rather than warming. The man’s face was twisted into an expression of agony, and low whimpers seemed to tear their way out of John’s throat, hoarse and rasping. Sherlock found the sight twisted something in his ribs, unsure of what memories John was reliving. It could be deduced only when the detective hazarded a touch to the man’s shoulder.
“Fly with me,” he demanded. Mycroft had no issue, he let Greg launch himself into the sky, plunging into the dark with a graceful push off the cliff. He then took off himself, the ice-cold air filling the sails of his wings and making him weightless.
Sherlock found himself chuckling at it, the low rumbling noise genuinely amused. Across from him, John's eyes seemed to fixate on his mouth and the noise, like it was fascinating.
He was forced to admit that he didn't really know. Only that already his hands were peeling the front cover from the tome, his eyes tracing the first words before him. To his surprise, he found he recognised the handwriting, scribed in tiny black penmanship, perfect just beneath the dedication.
Oblivious to his inner turmoil, Dodge nodded thoughtfully. She sipped her tea before folding her hands in her lap. She wore her army uniform, John noticed. Must have just been off on training somewhere then. Her voice was terse.
“The Handlers will tell you how to approach them. The Kennel tends to be a stressful place for them, so they'll probably be fairly skittish all things considered. Plus they'll be half-drowned so that they can't breathe fire. “Adoption” days are like that. The non-firebreathers will also be contained in their own ways too, so don't worry. They dehydrate the ones that can spit boiling water, and the ones that breathe ice are overheated. ”
The Dragon said it with a note of finality, hanging in the air and left to be mused over tea and wordless pleasantries that no one truly heard nor cared for.
John could smell him, his nose pressed against the detective's raven curls. Fresh mint and chemicals and the smoky hint of tobacco. He
“The wolves came out of the wood, unafraid of the Moon Goddesses anger, since her son was so distraught.” She covered her face with her hands, and in that moment John saw her the moment she had died. Blood stained Irene’s gown, her ornate pins torn from her hair. Long, deep claw marks had shredded one sleeve to reveal a bloodied mess beneath. The air seemed to tremble. “They ate
“I haven't eaten today. Got lost in my Mind-Palace for a while, time flew. I was... out last night.”
It was so Sherlockian, that the army doctor found himself chuckling. The sound was almost hysterical, and Mycroft watched unamused as the man collected himself, shaking his head as his blue eyes glowed with determination. It didn't matter, in the end. For John wasn't leaving, couldn't any more, not even if he tried. Not because any one would stop him, but because he'd never be able to convince himself to do so in the first place. For a world without Sherlock.... was improbable. Rather, impossible. For John, it was like sentencing a man to his death.
to me, about anything you like. Talk in my head, talk out loud, whatever. I might not know what to do or how to react, and I might bollocks everything up with what I decide to do in response, but I'll listen. And I promise I won't ever force you to leave.”
Apparently, eating breakfast with other Immortals meant that John was to be well-dressed and clean. This lead to him being brought to the bathing chambers, a wide pool of water that sat in a cavernous and shadowy alcove. Though it looked like it should have been ice cold as it poured from a waterfall overhead, the water steamed like a bath. John could see it, rising in warm waves overhead only to condense slickly on the overhanging ceiling. Molly had followed him up until the water’s edge faithfully, handing him a basket for his clothes. Her chirping voice echoed in the darkness, explaining to him even as he considered whether or not he had enough dignity left to deny stripping in front of her.
Sherlock snorted to himself in disgust even as he looked again at the trail with longing building a tight knot in his stomach.
The army doctor checked himself, unwilling to be caught into the false glamour that such a creature seemed to exude even in sleep. His grandmother's words came to him unbidden, and John felt himself hesitate to act.
The breaks in between were only made sweeter for it, each gulp of air a blessing that he drank in greedily.
John hadn't changed into anyone but Claude now for almost a month. Judging from the pattern in which his
,” his grandma murmured softly, the words rolling off her tongue effortlessly as she called her grandson back to the tale.
pleading expression. When his mobile rang, Mycroft knew that something had grossly gone to hell. Sherlock rarely called directly. Pressing the phone to his ear, the government official kept his tone deliberately differential.
“My parents will likely call for Council with your parents and the king and Queens of the east. They’ll have reached a conclusion by dawn.” Greg hummed, a wordless noise of agreement. Mycroft closed the book he’d been reading without really taking in, his hands smoothing over the cover. He flicked a shy gaze over towards Greg. “I need to tuck Sherlock in, he still sleeps in the rookery. I’ll see you later?”
The Chinese Dragon refused to speak as he cut the engine, looking out at the flat expanse of country they were in. Sara and he lived on the outskirts of London, and as such they had been driving for quite some time. Already the sun had begun to sink lowly in the sky. It was always strange to the Dragon, how time could seem to speed by in a blink, if he did not pay attention. How his own thoughts could have him float on a current of absence and not care exactly where time lead him. He became lost sometimes in that stream, and his Mistress often had to dig him out.
“I found out only a short while ago John. One of your.... One of the other versions of you sought me out when they ran into a spot of trouble.”
The hollowness in his irises as he reached out, wondering vaguely when they were going to bring him home to his parents. Wondering when Harry would storm through the door, telling him off loudly like she always used to.
“Well, you’ve got me, don't you?” John retorted, grin stretching on his face in an attempt to cheer up the boy. He pointed towards the ocean, the sparkling water holding deep secrets.
The little girl's freckled face scrunched at the answering silence with frustration, and she sighed and braced her hands against her hips, shaking her head. Just as the silence threatened to stretch on for too long and she was forced to shout again, Cara caught out of the corner of her eye a flickering shadow, animal in shape. Spinning, the girl's eyes widened in surprise and delight as she saw the creature standing at just a little distance away.
The detective's voice was almost hushed, as if he were offering up a sacrifice in a prayer of reverence.
Jaw tightening, the detective's eyes lowered to the floor as Mrs Hudson chided him, clearly seeing his uncharacteristically chastised expression. The elderly woman was surprisingly brutal, tearing into him with a vehemence that would have made lesser men cower.
to derail the conversation from the track at hand, but he found the handle of the pistol suddenly moved in lighting-like fashion, whipped over the top of his skull with a
Whether it was a noise of contentment or a warning, John didn't think he'd ever know. However the Dragon never lashed out at him, and he thought to himself that perhaps he just maybe had a chance after all.
“I've counted three distinct personalities so far besides John. Are they the only other personalities?”
An insult in the highest degree. A word that Molly knew too well, seeing as when her body reached puberty, it was evident by the mark on her shoulder that she was impotent. For this reason, she hadn't been able to join her sisters in the Breeding Program, and had instead been considered for war service. Unfortunately, it became instantly apparent that though her heart had a great willingness to try, it was not nearly as strong as her brothers' and sisters'. She flinched at the loud sounds of bomb raid drills ringing in the air, whimpered at whips and cowered when the Humans came and roughly grabbed her chin and pulled at her shoulders like she was property to be handled. She only spat fire when in pain, and not out of aggression.
he's yours. He's Mine, too. And we share with no one. But he's surprisingly fragile, at least physically.” John wasn't sure if he should be insulted at the quip to his strength, or impressed that his daughter seemed to understand Sherlock on some level.
For a moment, time stayed still. The man grinned up at John, eyes roving over the nice watch he wore (a gift from the detective after a particularly exciting chase) and at the bulge in his pocket. His wallet. All but purring, he called sharply for the girl with the knife to come forward. He took the weapon from her hands, pressing it against John's neck. Claude was trembling now, a thin stopper over the ocean of anger and violence bubbling just underneath the surface.
A little leverage, if nothing else. Though the army doctor didn't believe in magic, he had trusted his grandmother. Since the world was going insane anyway, it wouldn't hurt to be safe rather than sorry.
and not just by his oppressor's. Dragons had begun to give up, the second generation of Hatchlings having never seen the sun from beyond the bars of cages.
John tried to ease some of the tension forming between his parents the longer the conversation fell flat, wiggling in his chair slightly as he looked to his grandma with wide blue eyes the colour of sea glass smoothed by water.
To that, there was nothing that could be said. Sherlock’s eyes still flickered, uncertainty like a candle in his gaze. John, taking his silence to mean that the conversation was over, went to go make tea. He firmly vowed to keep the image of Tanzanite dancing out of his imaginings, and to ignore the little voice that almost constantly now whispered to him the word Fuse.
So this chapter's a bit short ^.^'' Apologies, I can almost guarantee the next one will more than make up for it :)
He told John about Eton slowly, half-hidden in the wealth of blankets the army doctor had wrapped about him, the words mumbled and slow. Between cases. Through countless cups of hot tea that seemed to scald the edges of his fingers. In the late of night, Sherlock would mutter and murmur his past in seemingly out of order chunks, blurting them at random points and leaving the good doctor feeling as though he was experiencing borderline whiplash.
Then, John watched as the man untied his cloak from his naked hips with a small sigh, wrapping the sable material about his shoulders. Like a mirage the air shimmered, illusion cloaking reality, then John found himself standing next to a large, blubbery seal. Its massive head was lifted in a poised, graceful position, and liquid eyes looked up at him with imperiousness. It was gunmetal grey, flecked with brown freckles and a particularly distinguished marking in the centre of its forehead. Massive in comparison to John, it barked a rough, dog-like noise. Impatience became personified in the sound.
Bill didn't react. Rather, he kept the same carefully blank expression on his face, hands remaining unclenched at his sides. He answered between decidedly clenched teeth, ice creeping into his tone despite the fact that he remained rather composed.
“I never asked him to!” John replied weakly to the verbal attack, his throat strangely tight. “I never… I didn’t know. I didn’t know he meant forever. I just wanted… I wanted a friend and I was small and stupid.” Behind his mind’s eye he saw it, his younger self. Crying and scared, he was always so scared. Confused. How
, and then promptly fell asleep, leaning against his friend as a pillow. Rolling his eyes and yet smiling slightly, Sherlock hoisted John up
In a flash, the orange-jacketed man was on the floor. None of the other homeless saw John move, but he was suddenly on top of the man, twisting his arm viciously. The homeless man let out a cry that
He did not realise what John was about to do until his companion was lunging for the rapist’s (one George Hewey) throat, face twisted into a snarl of unbridled rage. With a shout, both men went down like a tonne of bricks, Sherlock left to try and pull John away from the attacker, which was next to impossible.
Mrs Hudson's voice was like rain falling against a cold window as she revealed what she had hidden in her hands, and it took Sherlock a second longer than normal to deduce the contents of the pale envelope in her grasp. The post had accidentally sent it to the wrong address, she had been coming up to deliver it. Had heard the shouting. He found his cheeks flushed a dull hue of shame, and through tight lips he straightened even while avoiding the army doctor's gaze, murmured
some of his comrades in the line-up looked at him in puzzlement, still in headlocks of their own with their stubborn partners. John quieted and took a step closer, tentatively reaching out so his arms circled around Sherlock's cool neck, pressing his ear against the Dragon's hide. When he closed his eyes, the soldier could hear the pounding of his friend's heartbeat, how it drummed slightly quicker than usual, fear masked by indignation and outrage.
“John Watson,” he addressed John crisply, “You’re looking better than the last time I checked on you.”
story is that she's here to suss out potential soldiers for top secret patrol-stuff. They say she's scouting, looking for people she thinks she can trust, recruiting. People to infiltrate Draski intelligence, that sort of thing.”
Shaking his head free of such elusive information, John straightened, clenching his jaw in resolution. It would be in his own best interest to do this. To leave now, to not return. It would be better for his health, for his sanity. It would be better for everyone, his therapist, even Harry, though he hadn't talked to her in an age without getting into a screaming match. Hell, it might even be better for Sherlock, in the long run. Looking closer at him, it was clear that the man was skinny – too skinny. Scars, old and shining but still visible dotted his body, running over his arms and ribs like silk lace. The army doctor thought of the memory, the pain he had felt in the dream he was now sure came from the Selkie. If Sherlock was doomed to spend the rest of his life alone, without even a ghost of a family to go home to...
