"Oh, don't give me that!" Ty retorted. "You're terrified. I
Steve tipped his head back and shivered as Tony kissed his way down his throat. Tony had a destination in mind, sure, but he clearly wanted to make sure Steve enjoyed every step of the journey. Tony mapped out the edge of Steve's collarbone with his lips and then raised his head. "You did say you were sensitive," he murmured, "so I'm just guessing here, but...?"
Jesus Christ. They'd been through this already, hadn't they? Steve had thought that Tony believed him now. He'd thought that Tony had come to accept that Tiberius'
"And boy am I glad you're in my life right now," Tony murmured.
"Picture this in the news, though." Tony sounded wretched, and also like he definitely hadn't actually heard anything Steve had said. "
At precisely that moment, some kind of electricity crackles from the keyboard. It touches Ghost's gloved finger, then slides up his arm in jagged bursts of golden light. It haloes his body; if Steve were touching him, he'd have conducted it to himself. Ghost spasms once, uncontrollably. His legs give way, and he falls heavily. His head hits the keyboard on the way down, and then he slithers to the floor. The gun falls out of his hand. He doesn't move.
Tony took a long, shaking breath. "I love you too," he said, finally, like he was parting with the last of his secrets. "I just wanted you to know that. I know you knew, but-- but--" God, he sounded so nervous. "I thought I should say it anyway."
"You should have," Tony agreed. "Europe agreed with you, yeah? You're looking good."
." Tiberius laughed, exulting, delighted. He clicked his tongue. "That wasn't the secret I was talking about."
Then the symbols turned blood-red.
One of Tony's hands flails backward, fingers brushing the edge of the towel that's still draped over his ass, and then Steve gets it. Yeah, if he-- well, if he straddles Tony and basically sits on him, he'll have a workable angle, all right. Steve does, however, still have a fairly noticeable erection, and ordinarily he wouldn't do this, specifically, unless he was sure his partner wanted the evening to turn into something more than a massage. But Tony did say it was fine even if he wasn't along for the ride. And Tony's asking for this.
"Absolutely." Tony's looking a little more relaxed too; he hadn't been joking, clearly. He's happier. For sure. Tony bats one leg in the air and smiles at him, almost coquettishly. None of the pin-up girls from the war have anything on him, because he's
"Huh," Tony said, softly. He glanced back down at the book, newfound interest in his eyes. "They definitely didn't tell us that about him in school. And now I'm very sure Ty hasn't read this. He wouldn't have... wanted anyone to leap to any conclusions about him."
, Steve promises Tony in his thoughts, since he can't say it aloud. Just one more minute to take care of this, and then he can take care of Tony the whole rest of the night. It's all going to be okay.
"I thought of one more thing I wanted, though," Steve said.
"So," Tony said, softly. His eyes were open now. "Queer now, huh? How do you feel?"
fine.
"I think I know you," Steve offers, quietly.
And soon enough, he got his wish.
Maybe not.
He wasn't in the mood for any of Tony's apologies. Not when they weren't the one he'd hoped to hear.
Carol laughed again. "Nobody said no powers, Cap!"
That didn't necessarily mean that the box's owner had super-strength, of course; it wasn't that easy. He had no idea if they were a top or a bottom, and they could very well be a top seeing someone -- or multiple someones -- with super-strength. Or they just liked to keep their options open.
"That'd be kind of you," Steve said. He made himself smile. "Thanks, Carol. It means a lot."
But this time, Tony wasn't even playing along. He didn't wince. He didn't chuckle. He just looked thoughtful, like he hadn't even heard. He looked... happy, almost. Like thinking about this guy made him happy. "All those CEOs with all their points in Charisma, you mean?"
Tony grinned and shrugged. "I mean, sure, yeah," he said. There was a thoughtful pause. "Maybe
Finally, after this entire awful week, everything was right. Everything was better than ever. And everything was
"Of course," Steve says. "Of course I will."
Steve doesn't even know how to begin to apologize for this one.
Wretched, Steve squeezed his eyes shut. "I'm so sorry, Tony," he whispered. "Obviously I can't say I didn't mean to do it, because clearly I did, but I-- I told myself it would be harmless. Just an indulgence. I-- I
"You sure?"
Even the rest of the Avengers had gone home already. But Steve-- well, Steve couldn't ever resist a chance to hang out with Tony, could he?
Another night, maybe, they could push Steve to the very limit. But here and now, Tony just wanted to give him what he was begging for.
"Steve," Tony interrupted. He didn't know what to say but, God, he had to, he had to tell him right now. "Steve, I--"
The Village now has a notably different character than it did in Steve's day. And it's not like he hasn't seen it since then, but the last time he had been here had been at night, when Iron Man had taken him to that movie, and he hadn't really had the chance to look around. But now he does, and -- wow. The two men walking in front of them are holding hands. Right here in public. And no one's even looking at them twice. The world's sure changed. It's amazing. Steve never even thought he could hope for this.
Steve said nothing.
Steve swallows hard, reaches behind himself, and opens the door. He steps backwards.
Steve still had no idea what to do. But he had to think of something soon, before Tony had nothing left.
Steve reached back and tapped his shield. "I'm Captain America."
Tony still wasn't looking at him. "But when you say it," he said, softly, "you make me want to believe it."
On the other hand, this is definitely not the mental state that someone who needs to be armored-up and ready for battle in the next five minutes needs to be in.
Tigra had been the one on monitor duty, and for all that she was new to the team, she was actually doing a pretty good job of it.
"Yes," Steve said, tightly. "Exactly."
Steve was smiling; the visible skin of his face was a little flushed. "Well, it
Apparently Mr. Stark is one of them.
He raises his hand. He raps on the door.
Steve could only hope that the deaths of the SNN crew had been accidental. But he was no longer willing to assume that they had been.
New York," Steve points out, as they head down the sidewalk together, dodging past pedestrians. Even New Yorkers don't stop for Avengers. Maybe especially New Yorkers. "I've
" He quoted an imaginary reporter. "Could make a fortune if you sold the story, I bet."
He turned his head to see Tony nod, light glinting off his visor, and then Tony finally let go, got his feet on the ground, and slid off the bike. Steve reached back and grabbed the trenchcoat from one of the panniers, because he liked to believe that his neighbors didn't know he was Captain America. He hopped off the bike, pulled on the coat, and considered Tony.
One: He doesn't even know if Iron Man likes him. Or men at all.
Tiberius was looking at Steve with an expression Steve couldn't quite parse, but it made Steve wish that Tony hadn't said that, and he didn't know why. It felt like Tony had given something critical away. But then Tiberius noticed Steve looking and quickly recovered his pleasant smile.
He opened the book and stopped short at the inscription inside the front cover. He'd forgotten. Words sloped across the page in Tony's neat drafting hand.
"You're sure?"
Steve held the red mug out in Tony's direction. "Iron Man, I assume?"
He was dimly aware of Steve's shield sailing across the room somewhere above him, as Steve neatly took out the last of their assailants. Steve raised a hand for the shield on the rebound, caught it, and then kept running toward Tony.
, Tony had promised.
Tony tips his head back down against the pillow, keeping his neck straight for Steve's benefit, and Steve diligently rubs the nape of his neck, very lightly, then kneads a little harder out along his shoulders, his hands mirroring each other. Tony's shoulder fills his palm; Steve's fingers curve around to brush Tony's collarbone. He's often felt that they
Steve bit his lip.
Steve's cock was a definite fan of the view, and he couldn't help but rock a little against Tony's leg, in a vain attempt to relieve some of the pressure that was building there again.
"By the moons of Munnopor," Stephen says, through gritted teeth. "What do you want me to
me. And he's been a hell of a lot kinder to me than
"I promised him -- you remember, in the Necropolis? -- I promised him I would make this right," Tony says, quietly. "I have to make this right."
It hadn't been like that with Tony -- or for that matter, with Iron Man. He'd opened his eyes on that submarine and seen Iron Man, and Tony had looked back at him, and they'd just... headed straight for each other. He knew he got oddly possessive about his friends, sometimes, especially his teammates. He always had. Everyone else had pulled back eventually, because that was what you were supposed to do. You couldn't be that fixated on someone for years. At least, he'd thought you couldn't. And then he'd met Tony and they'd both just been... crazy about each other. Obviously it hadn't been in a romantic sense on Tony's end, though it had been for him. He'd been waiting for Tony to stop, to draw back, to turn their friendship into something normal. But Tony hadn't, and he hadn't either. Carol had been right to call them
"You're his
He hears himself make an unhappy noise, unbidden. He feels a tear trickle down his cheek.
He resisted the impulse to say
Steve had no idea what was going on. Tiberius had spent the entire conversation mocking him, showing him up, picking apart his carefully-constructed arguments with a few well-chosen words. If a conversation could be said to have a winner, like a fight, Tiberius had most definitely won. Steve had scored absolutely zero hits. Until right now. Steve had rattled him, rattled him
"There you are," Iron Man murmurs. "It's all right. I'm not offended. I'm... flattered, actually. It means a lot to me that you'd still want me, not knowing a thing about what I look like, and-- and knowing the rest of it. It'd be more than a lot of people could take, trust me."
He checks over his shoulder, a nervous and unnecessary motion, even though he's in his bedroom and no one could possibly be watching him.
"He was right," Tony said, low, miserable. "He was right. All I ever do is cry. I'm-- I'm pathetic, aren't I? How can you even put up with me?"
"That's what he says," Steve retorted. "How do you know it's true? He invited himself to the show that he knew I was appearing on, to talk to me, to rebut everything that I said. That sounds an awful lot like
Steve could at least correct him about that. "I definitely would be," he said, fiercely. "I got your message. Listened to the whole thing. Then when you weren't back when you said you'd be back, I got worried. And then I came looking for you."
Confused, Tony blinked. "Who, Ty?"
Not a lot of people knew Steve Rogers was Captain America, and not enough people knew him well enough to know that the man in the uniform and the man under the uniform were two different people, but Tony did. He was still awed every time, when Steve stood taller, shone brighter, embodied every good thing about the spirit of the country. A nation's ideals come to life. After all these years, he still didn't understand how Steve did it, and he didn't think he ever would. He was just glad Steve let him stand by his side and let a little of his light shine on him.
"I'm glad to hear it," Tony said, letting himself relax a little more, feeling the rush of power within him, "but I thought you promised me more noise than that."
, Steve, and I still can't clear it."
Steve gestures vaguely at himself and Tony realizes he's just been propositioned to become a Phoenix Host. It's still not the weirdest thing that's happened to him today.
That's when Steve realizes he knows what Tony's asking. He's not at his best right now either, wrapped up in himself and his mistakes, too slow on the uptake, and that's the last thing Tony needs when he can already barely give voice to his actual needs.
Tony had probably been asking himself the same thing for years.
"Oh, that's nice," Tony murmured, all in a rush, a whisper that seemed to be directed at his tea. He hadn't drunk any yet; he was clearly just enjoying the warmth.
Steve kissed his cheek. "Thank you," he said. "It means a lot to hear it. I love you so much."
"Oh," he breathed. "Oh,
It's probably a good thing he can't talk. He'd ruin it. He ruins a lot of things these days. He pictures Sharon walking away for the last time. He pictures dark rooms in Hong Kong and Madripoor. He pictures himself loading a gun.
okay?" Steve asks, as softly as he can, turning his face away from the security camera pickup.
Iron Man shakes his head and sighs. "People just look at me and assume I'm... the kind of guy who'd never want kids, you know? They don't think they need to ask, because they're sure they already know the answer."
Tony had never, ever made him feel like this. Tony had been the richest man in America, apparently, and he had never once made Steve feel like he was worth one cent less than him.
Tigra looked more than a little afraid. Yeah, she was definitely new here.
That was... really good to hear.
And it's in the midst of one such battle, a few weeks after they start dating, that the rest of the Avengers find out about them.
Well, it wasn't
Confusion rapidly spreads over Steve's face as he pats his hands over his chest, figures out he's sitting here in his underwear, and then looks wildly around the rest of the room. The window on the far side of the room has the blinds shut, but the lights of nighttime Manhattan glimmer through the slats.
"He killed his parents," Tony repeated. "It wasn't suicide. It was murder. He confessed. He told me his father had been weak. Useless. Unable to stand up to my father. And, see, when my father died, I inherited SI. And that meant that I had more money than Ty did. He realized that it would probably be years before his parents died. Years before he could inherit. Years before he could ever think of having anywhere near as much money as I had just come into. So he... decided to hurry it along. He arranged the accident. And no one ever caught him. And that was the real truth."
light.
. When was the last time he'd slept with someone who was this much fun?
Iron Man is silent for a few seconds more than he should have been, and Steve starts to think he's made a mistake.
year -- for one thing, Kang tried to take over the world again -- and they haven't actually had a whole lot of free time to themselves. There was a reason they'd been looking forward to the night off so much, after all. And in the time they have had alone together, honestly, they've spent most of it exactly the way you'd think that two fellas who've just started dating might want to spend it.
"Happy you like it," he adds.
"Maybe so." Tony grins again. "Come on, come on, I'll show you the rest of me."
Honestly, Tony kind of appreciated the monologues, if only because none of the bad guys ever seemed to anticipate that Tony might start shooting while they were still talking. Plus, they gave him some time to breathe.
Trepidation and surprise mixed with anger in Steve's gut, weighing him down, settling into the pit of his stomach in a dense ball. His chest was tight. He put the book aside and looked up.
"All right," Strange says. "Give me a second."
"It's artificial." Tony's voice was calm. "Cybernetic, actually. So it's not entirely synthetic; there's some organic tissue in there, along with the mechanical parts. It kind of... fused with what was left of my original heart. The scars are from the, uh. The implantation." Steve didn't want to think about what it meant that Tony hadn't described the process as
Tony's gaze lingers a little longer than necessary on Steve's cock; they both know how much Steve likes it when Tony admires him. Steve can feel his face heat, but it's not in a bad way.
"Hey," Steve says, a little louder but not urgent. "So, I was thinking. Since it's still our anniversary and all, how about I do something nice for you? I've got an idea that I think you might like." He tries to keep all possible innuendo out of his voice. It's intimate, all right, but it's not that, and he definitely doesn't want Tony to think that's what he wants, because Tony's in a state of mind where he might very well say yes to sleeping with Steve solely because he thinks it will make Steve happy, and that's certainly not a positive outcome. "It's not the same thing I was planning to do at the beginning of the evening, I'll admit, but I-- I think I can help you feel good. I'd-- I'd really like to do that."
Tony's mouth tilts a little, a sad smile, and that's definitely not what Steve wants to see at all.
doesn't make me weak. And I learned to get up. I learned to fight back." His gaze flickered over to Steve, ever so briefly, a small smile on his face, as if he wanted Steve to know exactly who he'd learned that from. How could it have been him? He hadn't even known Tony, then. "And I learned to keep fighting," Tony continued, head held high. "With words, with fists, with ideas, with every ounce of determination in my body. I'm stronger than you, Ty. I always have been. And I always will be."
Oh. He thinks he's being
"Yes," Steve says, the words clumsy in his mouth. "Yes, Tony,
"Mmm," Tony agreed.
The coffeemaker is ready, then, and he holds up one finger, then turns around and pours himself a cup. He raises his eyebrows and tips his head in the direction of the coffee. The question is obvious.
The problem was, Steve
at him. He heard himself whimper. Tony smiled, and Steve's cock was leaking even more pre-come, because apparently he was just that easy for Tony, and, God, that was another thought, and he was harder still.
. Sure, he hadn't believed him first -- Steve was a little sore about that, but only a little -- but Tony finally, finally believed him. He believed him, and he was cutting Tiberius out of his life for good, and he was going to be all right. He was going to be safe.
, Steve had said. Well, Steve didn't know who his pal Iron Man was either.
How had Tiberius managed to ruin even this? All Steve wanted to do was make Tony happy, and Tony was terrified of it.
, and Tony can feel the strange heat of him all through his body. Steve's eyes flash fire-bright, he clutches Tony to him, and he shuts his eyes and comes and comes. It's always a lot, with Steve. Tony absolutely doesn't mind.
terribly unsentimental. But somehow it sounds sweet when you say it."
"Hey," Tony said, his eyes still shut. "Come up here and kiss me."
He reached in again, felt more leather and metal, and pulled out a tangle of straps that eventually -- as he turned it around in his hands -- resolved into the shape of a more-or-less standard harness. The leather was good quality, reinforced with a lot of stitching -- and the findings were, once again, vibranium, as was the O-ring in the center of the chest.
caused you pain. I've made mistakes, like he has. I've taken responsibility, like he has. But the difference between me and him is that I don't immediately turn around and deliberately try to hurt you again."
Tony's starting to smile. "Oh?" he asks, his mouth rounding to shape the sound, curving upward at the corners. That's a good sign. He raises a quizzical eyebrow. "What were you thinking about?"
. There had definitely been more than one of them on the team roster, over the years, but right now Steve was having trouble seeing how either Hank Pym or Hank McCoy would be useful, and then he got it.
And if Steve's lonely thoughts, late at night, sometimes turn to the fantasy of unlatching Iron Man's armor, slowly, piece by piece, running his hands and mouth over the mysterious man who lies beneath the metal -- well, he can hardly be faulted for that, can he? The ice didn't freeze all desire out of him. He may be Captain America, but he's still a man.
Steve had skipped his usual morning run for the past two days, not wanting to risk jarring his healing hand. Now it was the morning of the third day since-- since everything, and Steve opened his eyes to find that it was 9:15, and he supposed he was skipping his run today, too.
It wasn't like Tony's other option was any better. Some people were happy on their own, but Tony most certainly wasn't one of them. He looked like a fella who'd been thinking a whole lot about loneliness lately, though.
He was distracted. He'd let himself get distracted once more. Steve shook himself, clearing his head, and stood up a little straighter. There would be time to worry about the rest of it later. He had to get Tony away from here first.
Before Tony could even begin to process that, an unexpected and very familiar voice from behind him made Tony startle hard.
Yeah, Tony had absolutely noticed the obvious parallels.
Steve has also clearly already had some experience with magic, because this doesn't even faze him. "That'd be swell," he says, with another smile. "Right now?"
Luckily, danger seems to be one of Tony's major turn-ons right now.
"You are a
Tony just grinned wider. "Keeping it in mind, then?" He beamed. "Going to tell me more nice things about my abs?"
the closed window.
Steve leans back and considers Iron Man. Iron Man's got beautiful eyes, of course -- but it's not like the rest of him isn't gorgeous. He doesn't know if Mr. Stark intended to show his bodyguard off by designing armor like this, but the golden metal mesh of the armor clings to Iron Man's arms and legs and he's-- well, he's definitely well-built. It's impossible not to notice; it's practically painted on his muscles. No one could ever actually mistake him for a robot. Steve's never considered himself the kind of man who cares overmuch about this sort of thing, but, well, it's nice that Iron Man is handsome. The kind of nice that makes him feel warm all over. The kind of nice he probably shouldn't be thinking about in public.
Steve took a deep breath and handed Tony the book.
There were a couple of ways Steve could see this going. Tony could have reassured him and told him that it had been fine, probably even good, both because Steve knew Tony was generous with compliments and because no one had ever suggested to Steve that he was unusually bad at kissing. Tony could have told him he was being ridiculous and that there wasn't a lick of difference between kissing a man and kissing a woman, except maybe the potential for beard burn. Rationally, Steve knew that was true. Steve supposed there was even a hideous third option, where Tony told him that it had actually been pretty wretched. He knew that that one wasn't going to happen, but, for the sake of completeness, it did exist as a possibility.
That was probably new for Tony. It was new for both of them, really. But Steve wasn't afraid, not anymore; all he could feel was excitement. Whatever was going to happen, Tony would be at his side, and they'd get through it together.
He hadn't quite known what he'd meant, how to get that feeling, but Tony, ever the genius, has some kind of direct line to Steve's libido. Because what Tony does now is pull up one of his ubiquitous holographic screens and start playing pornography. It's terrible, the sort of porn Steve feels like he ought to be morally condemning, but right now Steve's dick definitely doesn't care. Flesh slaps against flesh, and overwrought cries of pleasure play out, and Tony's still standing there pumping his cock and watching intently, like this is really what he wants to get off to, like there's no one else here at all, and Steve is now so hard that he wonders if he'll come in his pants.
Sometimes Steve thinks about Tony doing that for him, even before Steve knew who Tony was, preparing every suit for Steve's touch because some part of Tony had always known that he could trust Steve. Sure, maybe Steve finding out hadn't happened the way Steve had pictured it, but Steve likes to think that Tony always knew he was safe.
Steve does. He hears the click of the helmet unlatching, and then Iron Man is kissing him, soft and sweet and perfect.
The noise was thunderous in the quiet room, echoing, unbelievably loud. The door rattled in the frame, and Steve heard the vase next to the door wobble on its plinth.
Steve hastily reached out and turned the volume all the way up.
"It gets better," Steve said, with relish. "At the end, Maurice confronts Clive. He tells him, essentially, that he's gay now, that he's having gay sex and it's amazing, that he's in love, and that he's sorry that Clive is in denial and is never going to be happy. Then he basically says, goodbye, I'm going to live happily ever after with my new boyfriend. And he leaves Clive forever. The end."
Steve was vaguely aware that there was probably something he ought to have objected to about Tony's lack of limits -- not that he would have wanted to do anything Tony wasn't going to like -- but that vague awareness was rapidly consumed by the realization that he was here, with Tony, and Tony wanted him to touch him and it was-- well, Steve could see why Tony had talked about all his dreams coming true.
Tony made a wordless little noise in the back of his throat, and then he reached out and-- oh. He fit his hand over Steve's, lining them up, his thumb stroking over the outside of Steve's thumb in gentle reassurance. "Hey," he said. "It's just me. It's Tony. You know me. Not doing anything you don't want, okay? We can stop right here if you want, take it easy. It's okay to go slow. I'll still be here when you're ready."
Tony's reply is prompt. "Polytetrafluoroethylene." He rattles off the name without hesitation, and then catches himself, because it's patently just occurred to him that wasn't what Steve was asking. "Oh. Um. Teflon, actually. PTFE is the chemical name; Teflon's the trade name. Believe it or not, Teflon's a great industrial lubricant. Definitely not for massages, though. Good call."
The elevator started to slow. Steve could feel his muscles coiling into readiness, tensing for battle, as he brought the shield up. He'd spent half his life doing this. He was going to get Tony back, and everything was going to be okay. He knew how to run a standard search pattern. He'd go in, shield first, and clear every room until he found Tony. He had this.
Tony did not just say that. Except he did.
. He likes touching people. He likes touching Steve. Which is great, because Steve really likes touching Tony too. And when they have the luxury to play, to have a proper scene, it invariably ends with Tony in Steve's arms, in the afterglow, with Steve holding Tony close, touching as much of him as he possibly can, caressing him, whispering the sweetest things he can think of until Tony believes him with his whole heart, until Tony knows he's so good, so perfect, doing everything exactly right the way Steve wanted it. The praise isn't optional. Steve would still praise Tony even if Tony didn't need it, but the thing about Tony is that Tony
Steve tries not to wonder whether Tony's ever set the autopilot and then passed out. If he's ever set the autopilot and then had a heart attack. Probably. He doesn't ask because he doesn't want to hear the answer. He knows Tony is barely functional as-is.
Jan's stare only grew more incredulous. Thankfully, neither Steve nor Thor seemed to be paying attention. It was fine if Jan didn't believe him, if she thought the toys were his. That was the point. It was a plausible misdirection, another mask. Why shouldn't Tony Stark, the famed Casanova of the superhero world, have all the sex toys he wanted? He was just covering for the true owner, that was all. He was saving them some embarrassment. Nobody was going to want Thor to stand here in public and show off their vibrator collection for the rest of the team.
Tony's gaze flicks to Steve's face and he raises his eyebrows. He's smiling again. "Nice fangs."
. He knew me, and he hated me. He hated me the entire time. He wanted me dead. And-- and what does it say about me, huh? What does it say about me that someone knows me that well, takes a good look at me, and decides I don't even deserve to live?"
But if Steve could just get him away from Tiberius, it would be enough.
But maybe Tony didn't know that.
Steve's face is still hot. "Is that a good thing?"
Icy sweat forms beads on Steve's clammy skin. His head is spinning. His heart pounds. He feels ill. He feels faint. He doesn't think he's ever felt this poorly since before the serum.
"Okay," Steve says, confused. Honestly, he's game for anything Iron Man wants to do with him. "I'll look forward to it."
"Oh, he's fine," Mr. Stark says. The same thing Iron Man had said. "A little banged-up, but no permanent damage. Just some cuts and bruises. I patched him up too, before I started working on the suit. Don't worry about him."
"No!" Jan said, instantly, sounding horrified that Tony would even consider it.
It'll work, if he bites Tony. Tony doesn't have the serum. His body can't fight it off. He'll be a vampire for sure. No second chances. He's not like Steve.
"Nothing wrong with that," Steve said, smiling, heading back to the bed, phone in hand. "And I'd love to hear about them, but I think Jan's probably going to call me in about thirty sec--"
, and had concluded that the one that was wrong must have been the kissing. Well, that was... that was unique, all right.
They weren't exactly dissimilar, physically, Steve and Tiberius, and Tony sure wouldn't have been the first person in the world to have a preference for buff blond men. On the one hand, it was oddly comforting to know that, if Tony had a type, he was part of it; he was somebody Tony was attracted to. Tony liked the way he looked. On the other hand, given the company, he wasn't exactly sure this was a type he wanted to be part of.
Steve came of age in a war. He learned not to waste time. He learned not to wait around. If you're serious, if you have something good, you let your partner know how you feel. And he can't imagine anyone better than Iron Man.
"Okay," Steve said, determined, "but I'd like to pay a little more attention to you, first." He stroked Tony's cock again, lightly, for emphasis.
Steve shoved the tablet out of the way and fumbled for the remote. "What channel?"
"You didn't tell me about your heart," Steve said. It wasn't an accusation. It was a statement of fact.
Tony almost smiles this time. "Please do."
He didn't think Tony had ever taken care of him like this before. Other Avengers, sure -- you didn't get to be an Avenger without having picked up some basic and not-so-basic medical training -- but Steve had never really needed to be the recipient of it before. Usually it had been the case that he'd never been so badly off that the serum couldn't heal it immediately, or it had been bad enough that they'd needed to medevac him somewhere fast, and in that case it had never been Tony taking care of him.
An uncomfortable silence stretched for several seconds.
You wouldn't know it to look at Steve -- or so he flatters himself by thinking, even as he suspects that he is probably much more obvious than he thinks he is -- but he's a sentimental kind of guy. And six months, well, that's pretty big, isn't it?
Tony was happy. Steve should have been happy for him. Steve should have wanted this for him. And he
Tony never got to stop hurting.
Beyond shame now, Steve nodded almost frantically, the motion of his head shaking the mattress.
"None of that matters to me," Steve told him. He knew that wasn't going to convince Tony. "You're talking about my love life like there's some objectively perfect person out there in the universe, and that's the person I deserve, the person I should want. Someone who's beloved by everyone, who never cries, who's never made mistakes. I don't think that person exists. And even if they did exist, you know what? I still wouldn't pick them, because they wouldn't be you." He rubbed his thumb over the back of Tony's hand. "I'm glad you have feelings. I don't care about the state of your public image, but I'm happy to keep telling the world you're amazing, because you are. And I don't care whose bed you were in last night. You're in mine now. And if you want to be here, that's enough for me. More than enough. That's perfect, actually. That's what's perfect."
"Not-- not exactly," Tony says, and damn him, apparently he can't even lie to this man.
"Sure," Steve said, crouching down. "What do I do?"
That was why Tony had had the IV, Steve realized. The drugs had been meant to keep him in DreamVision. Tiberius had never intended to let him wake up.
? No one who really knows me is ever going to love me. Like I said, the only man who ever loved me demonstrated that stunningly well."
Iron Man sucks in a noisy breath; his gauntleted fingers twitch like he wants to hold Steve's hand and is trying to talk himself out of it. "Yeah, but," Iron Man says. "But. Me? Really?" He shakes his head. "I just." He sighs. "It always goes wrong. I know you don't believe me, but it does."
He'll keep those, he thinks. Just in case the bottle calls him again.
, he wanted to say.
This night just keeps getting worse and worse. Somehow, in the back of Steve's mind, some tiny part of him is actually, seriously pondering how this is a terrible lapse in information security on Tony's part. A few months ago Tony spent half an hour ranting about how one of Stark Solutions' clients was thoughtless enough to put their most sensitive data on their internal network. But Steve supposes anyone can make mistakes. If Steve's really unlucky, Tony's password is going to be
But Tony has turned away; he hasn't seen Steve's reaction. He's spreading one of the towels out on the bed, because no one wants oil on the sheets. And then he sprawls out, prone, like even sitting up takes more than he has right now. Then he turns his head back toward Steve, his cheek pressed against the pillow.
So Steve walks around the bed, to Tony's side. He steps in close and cups Tony's cheek, and Tony, still hungry for his touch, still needing as much as he can get, makes a small pleased noise and leans into Steve's fingers. Metal creaks, and if he leaned any more, he'd topple over. The suit is probably keeping him from doing that.
"It's a free country," Tony said, as casually as possible, taking an artful sip of his scotch to moisten his mouth. "Last I checked, it wasn't against the law to have a few drinks with a few friends."
"No," Tony clarified. "I mean, things you probably want." His eyes were wider, nervous. Steve was going to guess that talking about this with Tiberius hadn't gone well. "I don't want to swallow," he said in one ashamed rush. "I mean, I can if you want me to, obviously I can if you want me to," he added, quickly, like in the time since he'd said it he'd already decided it wasn't okay not to want this. Like he thought Steve was going to be mad at him for asking. "I just. It's just a preference. Not important."
Slinging his shield on his back, Steve promptly hoisted Tony in his arms, a six-hundred-pound bridal carry. He wasn't even breathing hard. "Well, it's about a mile to where I parked the Quinjet, and much as I'd like to get you out of that armor right now, I think it's probably safer to get us out of US airspace first."
Slinging his shield on his back, he hurried across the room to Tony's side. Neither Tony nor Tiberius moved; they were definitely unconscious. But as Steve got a better look at both of them, he realized that Tony's eyes were open, sightless; one eye was shaded by some kind of visor. He glanced over at Tiberius. His were open, too. Same visor.
Tony didn't need to go to all this trouble for him.
"There we go," Tony said, his voice rich with satisfaction, as Steve melted into his touch. "You like that, huh? Me too." Of course Tony did. Tony liked getting to touch people.
Stephen pauses in a way that is probably supposed to be delicate. "Are you sure? He'll be--"
Tony holds out his hand, the one that isn't cradling the helmet, fingers splayed like he's trying to stop Steve, but his palm is facing the floor. It's a reflex, Steve realizes. No, not just a reflex. Trigger discipline. Tony wears the armor every day. If he had the gauntlets on, he wouldn't want to point his hands at anything he wouldn't want to shoot.
, and that meant something too. He'd wanted to wait for Tony, and it was strange to think about it like that when he also knew that he'd never thought he'd have a chance with Tony. If he'd just wanted to know what it was like, being with a man, there'd been a thousand different opportunities, a thousand nights where he could have gone out and found a stranger to sate his curiosity with. But he'd always known that no one else was Tony. So he'd waited for the chance he'd never thought he'd have, and somehow, like a miracle, it was going to happen. His first time. With Tony. Like he'd always wanted.
"This is the good stuff," Tony said. "You didn't skimp on quality."
"I've got lube in my pocket," is what Tony says instead.
but I'm not sure you can, right now, huh, sweetheart?"
He typed a command on the keyboard and the television behind him lit up. On the screen was the same woman who was currently seated in the recliner, now dressed in a sequined costume, standing in... an ice-skating rink?
"Put the Quincarrier on autopilot," Tony said, and he watched as Steve did it, unhesitatingly, "and we're going to have a talk about what you can and can't have."
"Later, then," Steve agrees. "Definitely."
. "Years. But every time I got up enough courage to ask, you'd mention something about seeing someone and it just seemed like we were never single at the same time, and now we are and now you're here and I can hardly believe--"
, he told himself, sternly.
Tony held out his hands, palm-down, a habit he'd picked up from years of being Iron Man. "Hey, hey, Steve, no!" he said, soft and coaxing. "Nothing to feel bad about, okay? You've done nothing wrong. This is what I get for not checking my messages, right? It's my fault. Totally forgot we had plans." His face twisted, stricken. "Did I strand you at the party last night? Oh, no. I did, didn't I?" His teeth worried at his lower lip. Steve really, really needed to not stare at Tony's mouth.
, Mr. Stark had assured him, the day he'd moved into the mansion. The phrase had been meaningless to him then, of course, but he understands it now.
Steve's cock twitches in his pants; he's already starting to get hard.
"Mmm," Tony says. "Then maybe you'll have to come here and help me out."
Steve taps the side of his head, and then Tony figures out what he means and clicks over to the private channel. "Are
He'd thought it was bad. This is worse than he imagined.
The hardwood floor isn't the softest surface Steve's ever crawled over, but that's not important. His uniform is thick enough to protect him from most of it. And that's not good; the fact that he's wearing the uniform, that he's moving like he might move on a mission, is impinging on his consciousness again, threatening to bring him back to a state of mind where it wouldn't be okay that any of this is happening.
"Steve?" Carol asked, a little bit more urgently. She sounded... distraught? "Steve, I think you broke your hand. Maybe your wrist too."
"Admittedly," Tony said, and he, caught up in his reasoning, wasn't even looking at Steve, "I'm not really clear on
"You mean Bernie?" Steve grimaced. "I was. And she was very nice, but I just... I don't think it was ever going to work out. She doesn't know who I am. And I'm too old-fashioned for her. I took her to see
Steve winced. "Too much?"
Tony choked out another wordless noise. His hand in Steve's hair tightened, and his other hand curved up Steve's neck and flattened against the base of his skull, a caress both reward and affection. Tony didn't seem to like to talk much, but Steve liked the thought of that, liked the idea that he was giving Tony so much that he, ever eloquent, had no words left for it. When Steve glanced up, Tony's eyes had fallen shut, his chest heaving as he breathed raggedly. He was sure Tony knew it was him, though.
"Charisma, then," Steve said, indulging him, as always. He thought maybe he knew enough about Dungeons & Dragons to play along. "Or, wait, no. Wisdom?"
Steve found himself smiling. "Now if you could do something to help the part where I have to type up all my reports one-handed, that'd
again. If I drive, or if I fly, someone's going to notice. And then the media will notice." He grimaced. "But I'm betting your neighbors are used to your comings and goings at all hours. You won't attract attention, even with a passenger. And that way I won't either, if I ride with you. I'll text Happy and have him come pick the car up tomorrow." He sighed, and he looked up at Steve, the question still in his eyes. "I just want one damn morning where I wake up and I'm not the front-page headline. Just one. And maybe I don't deserve it. But that's what I want."
Faintly, from the other room, there was a knocking sound. Someone was at his door.
my knight in shining armor?"
He awoke to the sound of multiple voices, one over the other.
"Well, you're not a prisoner," Tony says, hoping he sounds like he means it. "But I'd recommend staying in the building until the doctor gets here, at least. There's a kitchen one floor down if you're hungry. Fully-stocked. Eat anything you want. It's on me."
Angling his body toward Steve, Tony sat back and steepled his fingers together like he was about to give a scientific lecture, which Steve supposed, in a sense, that he was.
So Steve smiled and resisted the impulse to run his fingers across Tony's tense jawline. "Hey, Shellhead," he murmured. "There you are."
"This is fun," Ghost says, to no one in particular, tartly. Like he wants them to move faster. And, well, he's the one with a gun to Steve's head, so what he says goes.
Steve breathed out through clenched teeth, but his eyes were bright, and he struggled to his knees again.
After a hurried dinner of Chinese delivery, fried rice eaten while standing in his empty kitchen, he turned his attention to his newest acquisition: the box.
And if he looked, he would destroy every ounce of trust Iron Man has placed in him. Of course he wants to know. He's only human. But he isn't going to do it. It's like the myth of Cupid and Psyche, and he won't be the one spying on his beloved in the darkness.
Mordo laughed again. "That's
He can have Steve with ten years ripped out of his head.
. When Steve had caught him with Tiberius, he'd said Steve wasn't his boyfriend, which had been factually true -- and even if he'd wanted Steve to be his boyfriend, he wouldn't have said so to a man he was dating, a man he thought loved him. And he certainly wouldn't have said so anywhere in Steve's hearing, ever, if he'd thought Steve was straight. And just now, Tony had said he wasn't going to try anything. But Steve knew very, very well that
Tony's eyes fell half-shut. "You're doing that thing where you make me want to believe you again, Winghead." His mouth twitched.
He breaks off, his voice gone quizzical.
"Not really," Steve admitted. "In my experience both they and I were pretty clear about why they were hitting me. Mostly it was that I was scrawny enough that I couldn't hurt them back."
haven't. We can talk about what we want to do. Doesn't have to be right now. Doesn't have to be today. But we can figure it out, the same way we've figured everything else out. And I'm right here. I'm still going to be right here. And even if it turns out we disagree -- I'm not saying we will, but if it happens -- then I'm still going to be right here. We've been through worse, and we've survived it. You're not going to lose me, okay?"
He wouldn't know anything important, he reminds himself. It's not like Iron Man can be someone he knows, under the armor; Steve hasn't met any of Mr. Stark's employees, other than Mr. Hogan, and Mr. Hogan was the one who drove the two of them to the theater, so he can't possibly be Iron Man.
"Huh," Tony said, intrigued. "The
If Tony had an explanation he was comfortable with, Steve was more than happy to let him explain it all to Jan.
Before he could speak, Walders cleared her throat.
"You don't have to say it back," Steve says, which is both a true statement and a knife in his heart. "It's okay. But I'm-- I'm a sure thing, for you. However you want me. You're not going to lose me, all right? You don't get nothing. No matter what."
The war rages on. No one knew about them. They'd never told anyone. Tony suspects half the Avengers always suspected it anyway.
He'd seen the people Tony dated. A hell of a lot of them had been rich. And they hadn't all been nightmares like Tiberius. Rumiko had been good for Tony, he'd thought. And he liked Jan, of course. Everybody liked Jan.
," Steve repeats, as dread curls into him, "and I just-- I just
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said, with a laugh. "I'm getting there."
Tony is touching him.
That's when Steve sees the trepidation in Iron Man's eyes, and he jerks his hand away.
at a guy he thinks he's known for something like fifteen minutes, oh God-- "maybe you could make it up to me, if you wanted."
Steve makes a noise in the back of his throat: dry, parched, needy, the crackling of a wildfire hitting a tree-lined ridge. But he stays right where he is.
"Uh," Steve says, intelligently. "I. Uh. Fine."
But Steve's going to help him, because he's Tony's teammate and Tony's friend and Tony's lover and Tony's dom. Right now, the last of those is the most relevant. It's his job to take care of Tony until the scene's over, because he's put Tony in a state of mind where he can't take care of himself. It's just that right now, taking care of Tony is also going to include getting him through a fight with Ghost in one piece. And while ordinarily Tony is more than competent to do that on his own, he's sure not right now. And that makes him Steve's responsibility.
He just knew that Tiberius was hurting Tony.
It wasn't as if Steve could actually promise that, but it was sweet of him to try.
"I'll be fine," Tony says.
In the dim emergency lighting, Steve can see that the blood dripping down Tony's face is mostly dried. Head wounds always look bad; Steve knows that. Still, knowing that doesn't keep him from worrying about his-- his
Oh, God. There was nothing Steve could do.
After a few more seconds of labored breathing, Mr. Stark reaches back into the drawer and pulls out a bottle of water. He starts sipping it. Steve supposes he must be done with his aspirin.
It was going to be easy.
On the way back to the mansion, Steve was willing to admit that he was still upset. Recognizing his feelings was the first step, wasn't it? He couldn't get past them if he couldn't accept them. So if his anger made the street swim in front of his eyes, if his jealousy weighed down his chest, if his sadness froze his very heart like he was about to spend another fifty years in the goddamn ice -- surely he needed to acknowledge that. Acknowledgment. He could do that.
Tony's smile was sad and lopsided. "Now you're getting it."
Tony inhaled sharply, brain gone stupid with lust. That was something he hadn't considered, and he didn't really have a good angle, but he could give it a try. Barehanded, he slapped Steve between the legs and managed mostly to hit his balls, which made Steve cry out, full-throated, his body shaking like he wanted to throw himself toward and away from the blow at the same time.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Yeah, sure, okay." He stood up, unsteady more from nerves than from the scotch. This was really happening. "You gonna kiss me now?"
"Sort of." Tony grimaced. "I thought at the time that it had. The thing is, the way it went down was that I had to download Jocasta into my armor's onboard storage and then upload her when I got back to my mainframe. The thing that hadn't occurred to me at the time was that she'd had to disable the sentience safeguards in order to reside in the armor at all for any length of time. Technically, it was my call. I gave her root access and she made all the changes she needed to make. I'd completely forgotten about the safeguards."
Tony leaned and kissed Steve's awed, slackened lips very, very gently. "I love you," Tony said, softly. "You still get to keep me, okay? No matter what. You're not going to lose me. You asked for what you wanted, and you got me, didn't you?" Another smile played across Tony's lips. "Maybe if you ask, you'll get something else you want."
He doesn't mean to think of Tony as two people. He's clearly not succeeding.
The noise Walders made was huffing little laugh. "Well, Captain, you certainly don't waste any time. Or mince words."
He reaches up and brushes Steve's fire-hot cheekbone with the back of his hand, the fabric so much softer than the gauntlet, and, yeah, Steve could definitely get used to this.
His hand was shaking as he slid his identicard into the reader, as he pushed the gate open and shut it behind himself. He barely made it down the path to the front door without tripping on the newly-paved cobblestones. They'd just rebuilt most of the mansion again. They'd formed a new team. Everything had been going so well.
"I'm sorry," Steve said, as politely as he could. "I didn't catch any of that. Would you mind repeating what you just said?"
Tony, of course, wasn't going to think that this was Tiberius' fault.
"Are you sure?" Iron Man asks. "I mean, this--" he gestures at himself-- "is what you get."
Far be it for Steve to deny him the opportunity.
"At last," Stone agreed, and then all at once he swept Tony up in a hug, moving too fast for Steve to catch more than a blur of blond hair and an expensive suit. "It's been so long, Antony."
So Ghost wants to slink off to lick his wounds in private. Whatever. Fine.
He's always hated being helpless.
Steve smiles back. "You're lucky it was in that password, then."
If he's making a fool of himself -- well, there are worse things to be than a fool for love. But he doesn't think he's wrong. He knows Tony.
"I know it's hard to take," Steve said again. "I do know you. And you
Unslinging his shield, Steve gave another diffident shrug. "Do you trust the Squadron Supreme to do anything right? Because I sure don't."
Tony shook his head; that one was wrong. "Just call me Tony," he said. "You can still kneel, though. If you're into that. I'm into that."
"Lube," Steve rasps.
It's not much like giving a blowjob. Tony's cock in his mouth is smaller, lighter. Vulnerable. Steve's purpose here is to stay still. He's a warm place for Tony to put his cock. He's nothing else now. He's not Commander Rogers. He's not the man who used to be Captain America. All he is now is a warm, wet hole for Tony's comfort. He doesn't even deserve Tony's erection, because Tony hasn't said that's what he gets. He has one job, and it's simple, so simple that he can't fuck it up. He can't fuck anything up.
"Well," Steve murmured. "I suppose you know exactly what you're getting into with me, don't you?"
"Mmm," Tony says, contented. "S'good," he repeats, thickly.
After the car pulls away from the curb, Iron Man's standing there and it's clear he's at a loss for words. Iron Man doesn't live in the mansion -- where he does live is another one of those things no one knows about him -- and it's getting late, so he doesn't really have an excuse to stay.
Tony's mouth tipped up, a sad smile. "I didn't tell you I was queer. I know." His throat worked, and the worst part was that Steve couldn't tell him he was wrong. He couldn't tell him he wasn't upset. He couldn't tell him he didn't feel betrayed. And then Tony met his eyes, and Steve realized Tony was well aware of that.
He was Iron Man, after all. He wore his suit in his bones now. There was no way anyone could hold him back.
Everything Steve wanted to say -- including, unfortunately,
"Not to do it," Steve said, promptly. "Please, again, Tony. Iron Man.
He knew he didn't deserve it, but it was the only thing he wanted. The last thing he wanted. A dying man's last wish.
got the idea, Tony. I hated you before I met you. I hated you as soon as I heard your name. You were the heir to Stark Industries, the heir to the Stark fortune. I knew that one day you were going to inherit your father's business, and I was going to inherit mine. We were always going to be rivals. You were my enemy. You've always been."
"Okay?" Steve said, uncomprehending. "There are things I don't want to do either. What about it?"
, wasn't he? But he definitely didn't want to think about his exes right now. Just Tony.
Then Tony lifts his hand away and gets to work. There are a couple of typing sounds, here and there, but mostly Steve sees fragments of moving light when he glances up, as the holograms shift places. Steve, for his part, has nothing to do but kneel here. His mouth is full of Tony. When he breathes in, it's all Tony, his nose against Tony's skin. The hell of it is that right now he knows he can't work with Tony, can't stand to be on the same team with Tony without picking a fight -- but when Tony gives him something to keep his mouth full, it's almost like old times.
Tony's voice is barely more than a whisper. "It's the right thing to do."
Dropping his head, Steve looked away. His bravery had faltered after all.
Sure, Tony could die any day. They all could. It was the nature of the job. Hell, Tony had almost died tonight. But he had thought he'd never have to worry about Tony's heart again. He had thought that, in that respect, Tony had been safe. But the truth was that Tony very much hadn't been safe, and Steve hadn't even known.
The inhalation is a little sharper than the armor's vocal filtering can cover; the sound is more human than Iron Man usually lets slip. There's a flicker of motion as Iron Man's eyes fall shut behind the mask, and Iron Man stands there, statue-still, for several seconds. Steve waits.
, because Tony obviously still didn't return his feelings -- but that didn't matter anymore. That wasn't important. Steve could deal with it. Tony probably wasn't going to feel up to dating anyone at all for a long time, anyway. And as long as his future lover didn't hurt him like this, it didn't matter who it was. The important part was that now Tony
Something in Steve is hot; it's like standing in sunshine. He thinks he was supposed to make Tony feel like this. He thinks there's no such thing as
"You're the farthest thing from selfish," Steve tells him, and he works one hand free of the blankets to stroke Tony's hair, the way he's never dared to before. "You're allowed to be happy."
Red, white, and blue. That's what they've always been. At least his cause of death is going to have a sense of dramatic irony.
"Excuse me?"
There's a body in the iceberg lying on the table, practically all the space they have on this submarine. Red, white, and blue are starting to become visible through the clouded ice, and Tony can feel the familiar claustrophobic press of flowers in his chest, trying to rise up into his throat. God, he doesn't want to be sick in the suit.
The doctors said theres no change. Her blood work is a mystery, no surprise there. Theyre going to run more test tomorrow, Tony informs her.
Nothing Tony is saying is placating them in the slightest, and its starting to be piss Steve off. Yes, they left without saying anything, but it was an emergency and yes maybe in their haste they forgot about Alana and Peter. But they were here now so in his eye it didnt really matter anymore. Tony looks over and gives him a look and Steve jumps into the fray.
It is approximately 11 hours later when Tony comes back looking completely unrested. Tony takes one look at Steve and says, Dont. I know I look horrible. I dont care.
Okay, Steve assures him.
He stares at Tonys name on the screen for ages, as he decides what he wants to do.
When his mind finally slows down and he comes back to reality he realizes he has no idea where he is. He finds a bench and sits down. He's facing a body of water hes almost positive it the East River. He pulls out his phone. He has four missed calls from Alana, two from Nat, two from Sam, there are four voicemails waiting for him, along with a single missed call and voicemail from Tony.
Steve bolts down the stairs,  jumping from landing to landing. He doesnt have time to slow down, even if he hears the crunch of concrete under his feet. He keeps going until he makes it out of the hospital. He stops when he feels hes a safe distance away from the hospital. He takes out his phone and makes a call.
Just as hes about to say thanks, an explosion comes from the hospital.
No, shes right Steve. It doesnt matter when she was exposed. It happened. We have to isolate the virus and then get rid of it.
As he has for most of the days hes been back, Steve wakes up feeling completely unrested. Every night hes haunted by dreams of the old life he shared with Tony. He dreams of holding Tony close and telling him how much he loves him. In his dreams sometimes Tony takes him back and its wonderful. Other times, Tony tells him he hopes he rots and Steve wakes up feeling like hes going to be sick.
Look I get it youre upset. But please understand the circumstances. Those doctors? They werent trying to help her. In fact, it seems like they were the ones who made her sick in the first place okay. The hospital was a mess. We had to get out quickly once we figured out that they knew. Steve is trying to get her to understand without saying it outright. He glances quickly at Peter and then back at her.
Steve, please give me a minute with my daughter, Tony says in a steely tone.
He takes a deep breath and presses play. "Steve, where- listen- we need to talk. It's important."
Steve isn't sure what he was expecting. A love confession, an apology, an acceptance of his apology? Its a letdown, but thats more his fault than anyone else.
They are given scrubs, hairnets, masks to put on as they enter the lab. No one is allowed in without them, not now, with Marias immune system being practically non-existent.  The eerie silence of the lab highlights the beeping of the monitors on Maria. The four of them stand like statues as they wait for Shuri to address them. Steve sees King TChalla standing in a far-off corner, he stands still and straight, but his eyes betray him. He is just as anxious as the rest of them.
I already told you yes, Steve counters.
Well be in the lab, he says before leaving.
After his conversation, if one could call it that, with Tony, Steve finds it hard to do anything for the rest of the night. He wanders around the living overanalyzing everything Tony said to him until his head starts to hurt. After a while, he sits down on the floor next to the sofa and holds one of Marias shoes he found in his hand. At some point, while he stares at the shoe hes overcome with the need to go to her.
Im kidding. kind of.
Mr. Stark? a doctor calls into the room, happily breaking Tony from his train of thought.
No, Steve. Stay. Alana says in defiance.
Its fine, Steve says dismissively. Whats up?
It does little to quell Steve's nerves.
The girls make it easy. Theyre wonderful, he waves his hands around, in a manner that highlights the self-deprecating aspect of his personality.
Tony looks between Peter and Scott with a bit of jealousy and a bit of distrust. Apparently, he doesnt like sharing any of his childrens attention.
He doesnt like to talk about his mother, but how can he deny his daughter knowledge of her grandmother. Especially, when neither of them have the luxury of forgetting family.
Missing out on so much of her life made him determined to never miss a moment with Maria. He does all the typical parent things. He takes pictures of her constantly. Every step, every noise Maria has made is well documented. Hes taken both of his daughters to every park, play, museum, and popcorn stand he could find. Absentmindedly, Tony slips a hand under his shirt and runs his finger over the scar on his lower abdomen. His daughters are both a blessing, but Maria is his little miracle.
HA! Tony grunts out. I gotta go Rhodes, great talk, but you know MY daughters are waiting for me.
The pond! The pond!
Tonys hand slips from his face and hes awake. For a second he doesnt remember where he is, but reality quickly catches up to him when he looks down and sees his little baby laying in a hospital bed. Hed been dreaming, dreaming that everything was okay. Hed taken Maria and Alana on a picnic. But the dream ended and what hes left with is far from a picnic. There are no smiles or laughter here.
After Steve confronts him, Tonys positive having the team stay with him at the house is a big mistake. Steve thinks that he can just give Tony apologies and sweet words to make up for everything. He analyzes Steves every movement and watching him act like Maria is just some stranger he has to get used to is heartbreaking. But at the same time, hes relieved, clearly, Steve doesnt want anything to do with her. Which means hes not there to hurt her by pretending he can be anything real to her. The Accords takes up too much of his time. Everyone wants him to be present. A few days in when it became apparent that Tony would have to leave Maria he hates every minute of it. He doesnt want to leave her in there house with Steve, but he doesnt have much of a choice. Hes out of options, with Rhodey going to meetings with him and Alana busy running the foundation. He does feel slightly better about leaving Maria after his talk with Nat. He knows the others will look after her.
Tony leans closer to Steve, but just a quickly bolts off the sofa before hes even finished the sentence. Yeah, I am. I have my family. The family I always wanted. And thats the only thing that matters. Alana. Maria Peter! Theyre the only things that matter.
Thank you, doctor, Tony says in a flat tone. Ill see what we can do about getting you that DNA sample as soon as possible.
Tony and Steve rush to the hospital. The get into the car and head to the hospital. The silence is like needles digging into his skin. Tony can barely take it.
She had a fever, I thought it was the flu, but it obviously wasnt. She had a seizure and then she was put into a medically induced coma to keep her brain from frying.
Whatever is happening just started. This makes me think that it is the result of outside tampering.
Alana, please. So what he came on this own? It means nothing. It doesnt change anything. He isnt going to stay. He made it very clear, from the beginning, he doesnt give a shit about us. Whatever this is? Itll end. I wont let him come and go whenever he pleases. I know what that feels like, to never feel good enough, Maria deserves better than that!
Ill be there as soon as I can.
How is Maria doing?
Because, you know, its gotta be weird for you to be back here, in this house Steve cringes at Sams vocalization of what they all know.
No, thats not what Im saying. In no way am I suggesting that you didnt do your homework. All Im saying is that something didnt feel right about the whole thing. Ive seen that look. Ive known that look and it has never ended well. My blood, the serum, its always going to be a problem.
Steve isnt sure how to take the comment. Was it meant as a peace offering? Was Tony letting him know that he still thinks about all the nights they spent together too? Or is Steve just reading too much into it? Are his own wants and desires clouding his perspective? It wouldnt be the first time.
FRIDAY! he shouts. FRIDAY, GET HELP! SOMETHINGS WRONG WITH MARIA!
She has a look in her eyes that Tony knows well. Its pure Stark determination and theres no winning against it. He sighs as he gets up and embraces her. What did I do to deserve you? He murmurs into the top of her head.
Oh, no, Steve whispers gently onto the top of Marias head. Thats not good. We need to take our medicine.
Ive - Its Steve wants to tell him how much hes missed him. How he still hasnt gotten used to sleeping without him by his side. How much he misses the conversations they had, hell even their arguments, but Tony stops him before he can even begin.
Someone did this to her, Tony finishes.
How much do you know about these guys? Maybe Im just being paranoid now, but I don't feel right about this. How is it possible they still dont have anything to tell us?
I want to go adventuring! She says with her hands raised high.
Why? Steves heart freezes at the sound. Why now? After all this time.
STEVE! Tony shouts at him. His eyes shoot open and Tonys voice softens. Youre dreaming. Its just a dream.
Why do you care? He asks.
Tony, I swear.
Steve? What are you doing here? She asks.
Steve looks up from his resting place and realizes that hes been there before. It was spring the last time he was there. People were laid out all over the grass enjoying picnics. Tony brought him to see the view of the United Nations. It had been a beautiful day.
Shes doing great, Steve says staring at her. Maria turns to him and gives him a smile full of strawberries. Their eyes connect and Marias almost unreal piercing blue eyes send a flutter through Steves heart. She doesnt break the connection, in fact, she stares harder at him. It becomes uncomfortable when he feels Tonys intense gaze on him, along with everyone else.
Even as he says, everyone agrees with Alanas assessment. For just a moment, Steve tries to envision what would become of Tony if he lost his daughter and its too much to bear. Its plain to see that Tony had poured his entire world into being a father. Losing Maria would destroy him.
So, dont you dare! Dont you dare try and turn this around.
Here he is living his worst nightmare. He takes Marias tiny fragile hand in his and kisses it and the tears begin. Up until he saw her little body lying limp in Steves arms, Tony thought hed already experienced the worst moment of his life. But boy had he been wrong. He cant help but feel as though Maria is being punished for all of his sins.
Tony gets up before he does and rushes towards the door. Its fine. Stay. I should go to sleep. Alanall kill me if she finds out I spent the whole night drinking in the living room.
Steve sits down on the coffee table in front of Tony. As soon as he does it he realizes what a big mistake it is. His choice means hes sitting in between Tonys parted legs. Its far too intimate and they both know it. They sit in uncomfortable silence, staring at each other until Tony looks away.
, his brain screams.
I have to go and talk to Marias doctors, but stay as long as youd like. I know Maria would love it, she tells Steve.
Yes, Tony shoots back instantly, shattering Steves heart. No I dont know anymore, Steve. This is hard for me to find you here with her. Its confusing. I dont know what youre looking for or want. You have to understand why its hard for me to hear you talking about her like that. With everything thats happened, I dont want her to get hurt.
Steve comes back to find Tony sitting in one of the larger side chairs with Alana curled up in his lap. His eyes are closed as he absentmindedly runs his fingers through her hair. Steve runs the back of his fingers along the side of Tonys face before he lifts Alana and carries her back to her room.  He comes back again and this time he finds Tony sitting up, staring daggers into the monitors. Steve plops down in the chair next to him. Tony throws himself back into the chair and sighs.
Yes, but there is no virus in nature that would cause results such as these.
He takes the vile from Tony and examines it. Who took this sample?
A few hours, Steves tells him. You should go back to sleep. There hasnt been any news and Ive been here the whole time.
Right now the only thing you should be worried about is telling us whether or not the sample is of any use at all. Youre being paid a whole lot of money for results and so far youve given us nothing. Maria is still in that bed and your pockets are lined with money. See the problem?
Tony scoffs at him.
Things can be erased. This proves nothing.
Make the arrangements to get there. Ill work on getting her out of here, Tony tells Steve as he pushes him out the door. Go, I want Maria out of here as soon as possible!
I called you when I knew, Tony shouts through a fresh batch of tears. I called you and you did nothing. You made it very clear what mattered to you.
Steve doesnt waste any time. He instantly toes off his books and then removes his suit. He cant help but notice the way Tonys throat bobs up and down as he looks over Steve before he turns away to compose himself. Even Shuri looks a bit flustered and flushed.
Steve jumps down into the shaft. He hits the top of an elevator, leaving a huge dent. He hears screams inside. There must be people inside, but he doesnt care. Maria is the only thing that matters, he tells himself. He jumps up on to ladder rings on the wall and makes his way to the doors. He pries them open and finds himself on the third floor. He gets up and makes his way down the stairs and out of the hospital. He doesnt stop running until he reaches Tony, whos got all canons on. Fully loaded and waiting for anyone to test him.
Yeah, the kids got skills, Scott adds with an obnoxious smile that makes Tony want to punch him.
He lays down as everyone around him prepares for the procedure. Shuri opens his robe and pulls his briefs down a bit on one side. Steve finds that hes nervous. Not for himself, but for Maria. This has to work. There are no other options left.
Go home, she tells him. Tony tries to make one final protest before he caves. Dont make me kick your butt, old man!
When Bucky had come back it was a miracle. It was like all his prayers were answered. Steve knows now that he was naive to believe that things could be the way theyd once been. Hed been so desperate to believe that they could back to being the men they once were that he chose Bucky over Tony. He chose his best friend over his lover. Friends first, right? Hed made the decision without much thought. It had just felt right. He had to help Bucky and after they would be okay. But Bucky had different ideas. The day Bucky made the decision to be put into a coma felt like a punch to the gut. He understood why, but it hurt all the same. Steve had chosen Bucky above all else and it felt like Bucky hadnt done the same. All he wanted was to have his best friend back and then he turned around and abandoned Steve. Karma, as it would seem, was quick to act.
What? Steve asks, clearly confused by the whole situation.
- It's not the same anymore. He's changed. He came on his own this time.
She doesnt answer, but Steve feels her nod her head against him, and her sobs turn into small hiccups. She is burning up. Steve brushes the wet hair from her forehead.
Please let them in, Tony says warily.
His chest hurts. Not even their DNA is compatible. How could Steve and Tony not even work on the most basic level?
Steve takes her down to the pond. He spends most of the time chasing after her and rolling around in the grass. It goes on this way. In the afternoons, Steve spends his time running around and playing with Maria. They pick flowers and chase bees. But theres always a cloud hanging overhead. Steve knows better than to tempt fate and every part of him knows that if Tony knew, hed lose his mind and beat Steve to a pulp. But each day he spends with Maria the harder it becomes to stay away from her. So shamefully, Steve brings Maria back to the house before Tony gets home. Her days are spent with Steve and her nights are spent in the loving arms of her father.
I want everyone to stop telling me how sorry they are. Im sick of it, Tony finally says.
Come on, seriously? Peter says with big eyes bugging out of his head.
No changes. Shes stable, though. Theyre running more test, but I dont trust them. I had specialists flown in.
Think Ill find a tea that will help me figure out what the hell is going on in my life? Steve let out in a humorless laugh.
Can I have your name?
You could ask how Marias doing. Or is that too difficult for you?
You have to destroy everything. We cant risk the chance, Tony explains.
Steve? Tony calls out. He looks around as his eyes adjust to the darkness of the room. For a moment panic sets in. Steve abandoned them, again.
For the first time in his life, Steves legs give out from underneath him. They collapse onto the floor, with Steves knees taking the brunt of it, with an audible crunch. But he couldnt care less because Tony just said the best three words in the whole universe. Marias getting better. Their daughter is going to be okay.
I apologize for how short this chapter is. Life has been crazy! I took a new position at work and I'm still trying to figure out how I'm going to manage my life. haha! I'm not sure how often I will get to post, but I am going to try my best not to fall too far behind!
Rhodey chuckles.
This is. Honestly I dont know, Tony.
They are silent the whole way. He feels like hes covered in thousands of ants. The second they reach Shuris lab Tony relaxes a bit. Hes in his element. He rushes over to Shuris side and they start hovering over tiny screens filled with information. Tony is vigorously nodding at what shes telling him. He has a crazed look in his eyes that Steve knows very well. Its classic self-destructive determination. Classic Tony. Steve attempts to follow their conversation, but he only understands about every other word. He feels completely useless. All he can do is sit on the sidelines while Tony and a teenaged princess save their daughter. He turns away and walks over to the wall of windows. He lets out a sigh and rests an arm against the window. Tony was right all he is a blunt instrument that serves one purpose.
Tony, shh, come on. Please dont do this. This isn't fair, Steve pleads with him.
They pull up to the hospital and Steve jumps out before the car even stops. Tony entertains the thought that Steve might be right on some level, but theres no way in hell hell ever admit it, especially not to Steve.
When they get to the hospital, they all pour out of the van as fast as they can manage. Steve cant help but wonder what kind of mess they look like. It isnt until that moment that he realizes theyre all in pajamas and other various types of home clothing and yet when they all walk in together pajama-clad and all the look on the receptionists face is priceless. Its the look of awe mixed with a bit of fear that used to bring Steve a sense of pride and joy. Once they had been formidable. Now theyre broken.
Steve hesitates and looks over at Peter. Listen, it would be so awesome if you could take her for a while. I have a whole bunch of stuff that I promised Tony I would do like a week ago. Youd be doing me a huge favor. The kid actually looks nervous, and between the little girl in his arms and Peters anxious look, Steve caves.
If anything happens to her. If I even think someones too close to her Im gonna come find you, Steve says as he snaps a picture of them.
family
Steve instantly goes rigid.
Steve watches as a man brings Shuri a drip bag filled with a clear substance. Other than a stomachache and a headache, the process is painless. I will be back later to check on her. There is a room prepared for you.
Yes, it looks like they went after her because of me. People have tried many times over to replicated the serum and they have all been relative failures. But Marias the perfect opportunity for a whole new path of experimentations. The advances the serum has given me have been passed down to her. Do you understand? This is a whole new way for these people to create super soldiers.
This doesnt make any sense! Steve says. Shes never been alone. She never leaves the grounds.
Cant argue with you there, Tony says a bit dejected. Alright, well I think Ill see my little angel before I go talk to those scam artists. Hows she doing today?
After he hangs up with Sam, he realizes however super he may be, his jacket is no longer helping him and the cold air is biting at his skin. He makes his way down the street and stops when he finds a little place. Against Sams advice, Steve sits down at the bar and orders black coffee.
Now, what exactly happened? She asks Steve.
Steve feels like he might vomit when Marias tiny little body goes rigid. He lowers them down onto the ground as Maria goes limp in his arms once more. Steve hears what sounds like a stampede heading their way.
Of course its extremely elevated. Im in the middle of science when Friday tells me to get my things together because Matt is coming to get me! And then she finally tells me that Marias in the hospital?! What the fuck?
Tony nods as he disconnects Maria from the machines and places here inside what Steve can only describe as a mini spaceship looking pod.
What? I - Tony, despite everything I wouldnt want anything to happen to her. Steve looks at Tony horrified. God, Tony you think I hate you that much?
Marias been sick for the past week and then today she most likely had a seizure, he explains.
Steve is sure if he really wanted to he could fight Tony on the matter, but he doesnt. Hes exhausted if he admits it to himself.
Tony jolts awake. Maria is still in her bed, machines beeping away, but Steves chair is empty.
I wasnt going to say anything, Steve responds in a hushed voice.
While he waits he works up the courage to listen to the message Tony left him. He cant help but think about how long he waited for a different message on a different phone that never came.
Youre absolutely sure? Steve asks, turning his face away from Tony. Tony sees disappointment cross Steves face. Its a look he knows well.
You think you can just come here and take whatever you want? That you can take advantage of people in their grief?  I dont care what you do to me. But if you- ever- come -after -Maria -again - I - will - kill- every- last- one -of - you, and Ill do it with a smile on my face. Steve is stone cold and reserved. He doesnt shout. Hes never needed to. A calm super soldier has always inspired much more fear.
He gets to the door and sees it has some fancy retinal scanner and keycard lock, not that it can stop him. Steve rips the devices from the wall before he kicks down the door. He sends it flying into the room, where the doctors are huddled in a corner. Steve turns and looks around the room. There are screens everywhere with information cycling through them. He has no idea what any of it means. He finds the nearest computer and sticks the device Tony gave him into the first port he finds. All the screens and computers start to flicker. Steve takes this opportunity to start trashing everything around him. Viles filled with God knows what, thrown to the floor. He picks up stools and throws them into computers. All he feels is rage as he looks at all the test tubes and medical equipment in the room.
Dont say that Tony. You arent a failure and if I know Alana, and Id like to think I still do, I know she loves you more than anything. She just has a temper and shes stubborn. Cant imagine where she gets it from, Steve assures him with a smile.
. Tonys off put by seeing Steve take an interest in Maria. No one ever mentions her mother. Everyone mentions another parent. Alanas mad at him. Alana called them both selfish.
Steve sighs in relief and shakes his head giving Tony a small smirk. It a bit of relief in the entire experience.
Right, Im heading to the hospital now. Ill keep you updated, he says facing Peter. As for awesome moves you can practice all you want after youve finished your homework.
No, I mean yes, but it doesnt make sense. If this were true, she would have died a long time ago, Shuri cuts in.
Im a big girl! Maria states proudly.
Oh, know that I am going to let you know -exactly- what is wrong with you, she spits back.
Im s- Look, Tony, Im trying. Im trying to figure out what I should say to you when my presence alone is enough to set you off. You wont let me apologize- He can see that Tonys about to go off on him again, but he brings his hands up to stop him. And Im smart enough to know it wouldnt make a difference at this point. But Im at a loss here Tony.
The kids come back and they eat in silence. All of them too scared to speak up and risk the chance theyll miss something. More time passes and the princess attempts to soothe their fears by showing them the results. Maria is well, she is simply sleeping. It does little for Steve, but he keeps it to himself. Time passes, the sun rises and it falls. The staff turns over, Alana and Peter come and go, but Tony and Steve never leave Marias side, her stalwart guardians.
As they speak, Steve watches as a group of people in white coats walk down the hall towards Marias room. Steve knows they must be the specialist Tony had mentioned. They call someone out. Its Alana. She nods to the group and then closes the door behind her. She looks over and spots him. She has a nervous look on her face as she excuses herself and walks towards him.
He thinks over what he overheard Tony and Alana talking about. Tony didnt want Marias life to be an revolving door. Tony knew what that felt like, to have a parent come and go without regard. Someone made it clear that they didnt want to be a part of Marias life. Her mother. No, Tony had said HE.
Hi beautiful, hello angel, Tony says in between kissing the top of her head and her cheeks. I love you so much. So so much. My God, I love you.
Were you scared? I cant imagine going through all that alone, Steve is pressing his luck, but Tony gets it. This is possibly the only time hell get the chance to ask any of these questions and actually have Tony answer them.
They dont move, even as the lab floods with people coming in the check Marias progress. Someone shouts Shuris name and she comes running. She says something and then theres cheering, but none of it means a thing. Steves whole world has narrow to the man in his arms. At some point, Peter and Alana come in and wrap their arms around Steve and Tony. The four of them huddle together until Shuri comes over to them.
. Theres a bit of sadness lacing those words and Steve makes a mental note to talk about it with her later. Tony makes time for everyone but him. Steve, he avoids like the plague and it hurts him. They used to share everything. They used to be partners and now Tony cant stand the sight of him. But even so, Steve still wants to be near Tony, he still loves Tony. So what is he supposed to do? Steve gets tired of it and decides to forces the situation. Tony has a very regimented routine, which surprises Steve at first until he realizes that it all revolves around Maria. He watches and he waits. He waits until he knows Tony will be alone and ambushes him. Its early morning when Tony stops in Marias room to check on her before he heads off for his morning workout before shes up. He heads down to the kitchen with Steve behind.
I would tell you not to worry, but that would be foolish of me. It isnt too soon, I promise. I would never do anything that would hurt her.
No! She says with her little arms crossed in front of her body. He looks over at the three adults, they all look extremely frustrated.
Thats fair, Tony responds. He looks down and realizes theyre still holding hands. He coughs and let's go. What did you mean being hesitant?
Of course, please follow me, TChalla says as he leads them through the doors and down corridors Steve knows fairly well.
Even from a distance, Tony can see the tears ready to spill from Steves eyes.
Steve, I need you to focus! I need you to tell me what happened.
You promise? Tony repeats Marias question, only this time it carries much more weight.
Tell me Im better than some stinky old Captain America.
Yes, you are.
Thank you, Steve.
Yes, lets go. Ill do whatever I have to.
Its the kids, Steve says to no one in particular.
Now what? Steve asks, Do we just put into an IV and give it to her?
Steve freezes in his tracks, its like trying to move a brick wall without the suit. Before Tony can say anything else Steve turns around and has him pressed against the door, capturing him in a deep kiss.
This virus was created specifically for her.
Listen, Tony, can we talk?
More often than not he ends up in the living room, sitting in the dark. Even there he finds little peace. The sofa seems bigger and colder without Tony. He thinks about all the nights he spent cuddled up with Tony watching some movie Tony promised Steve would like but they rarely finished. Its a terrible feeling to be a stranger in a place you once called home. The house looks the same in most ways. Its the little things that have changed the feel of the house. The pile of toys in the corners, childrens drawings randomly stuck to the walls, goldfish and half eaten rolls of crackers on the coffee table, tiny shoes everywhere. The pictures of a happy family on walls. Those sting worst of all. Its been over 3 years and Tony has every right to move on with his life, but could anyone fault Steve for secretly hoping Tony missed him, even a little?
Steve looks at the rest of them. Seeing the twin looks of uncertainty on Clint and Nats faces is unnerving.
Shocker, Tony says pouring yet another drink. Then again getting anything useful out of you has been painful.
Shuri looks between the two of them and clears her throat. Right.
He was only one man and it seemed everyone wanted a piece of him. Is this how Tony feels all the time? Hes only had to do it for 15 minutes tops and hes already caving under the pressure. Tonys much stronger than he is. Hes a better person and a better father.
How about with your daughters life? Tony isn't throwing any punches. He has to use whatever he can to make sure Steves all in.
Tonys heart starts to race. This is why letting his guard down around Steve is dangerous. If he lets go, he could fall back into all of it and a part of him wants to. Steve is so close to Tony is once again overwhelmed by the scent of his cologne a what can only be described as purely Steve. Its making his head spin and he cant resist leaning in closer. It all seems to happen in a flash. Tony leans in and Steve moves up closing the gap between them. The gentle press of Steves warm lips against his has him melting. He missed this. Tony gives in and goes into autopilot. Steves arms to coax him closer. He pulls them as close as possible and deepens their kiss. He feels the heat radiating from Steves body and its everything. He cups Steves face in his hands.
Shuri attempts to comfort them with a smile. I promise we will save her. Your daughter will be fine, she says looking at both of them. Ill leave you.
NO! She shouts and giggles.
No, Tony says with a horrible sinking feeling in his stomach. He isnt sure he wants to follow Steve down this particular rabbit hole.
Tony looks as though hes going to have a complete breakdown. His eyes are huge and round and threatening to pop right of his head.
Good morning, my Lady Maria, Warrior Goddess of New York, his voice cracks as he recites the title hed given her during one of their adventures.
Not compatible, Steve finishes.
You have something for us? the doctor asks, turning to address both of them.
STEVE! Tony shouts at him. Steve, did you hear me?
Tonys eyes are big and glassy, hes biting the inside of his cheek. Steve knows he wants to say something, but hes holding back. He opens and shuts his mouth and shakes his head. Okay, fine, but youll come get me if anything changes?
Did they look like they solved the mystery of a lifetime?
Steve, stop.
Tony. Its just me, Tony and Maria.
Theres an understanding between them. Its shaky, its new, but its there. They lay their heads down and fall asleep looking at one another, feeling Marias heartbeat steady under their hands. And thats how they are found when Alana, Peter and the others arrive. Feet curled together, knees touching, hands intertwined resting on their daughter, lips inches apart, foreheads resting against one another.
She types furiously at her computer before she tells them that Maria is currently with the doctors in the pediatric ward. She lets them know they are all welcome to go up to the second-floor waiting room. Steve thanks her before making his way to the elevators. The rest follow him. There are people staring and taking pictures, but Steve cant bring himself to care. Itll only be a matter of time before the media circus begins. Steve clenches his fists in anger as they all silently pile into the elevator. The ding! of the elevator is jarring. The doors open and they are greeted with a wall decorated with characters from childrens books and movies, some Steve recognizes and others he doesnt. Somehow they make the whole thing worse.
Even with Tonys reassurance Steve still has a sinking feeling in his stomach. All this and theres still a chance it might not work? He wouldnt care about the risks if it were just him, but the stakes are too high for Maria.
Sorry to tell you, but you look absolutely terrible, TChalla tells him with a soft smile, coming to stand next to him.
Stop playing the martyr. I know that is what this family thinks they do best, but when has it ever helped? I will not let this go on this way!
After his failure, Steve doesnt try to get Tony alone again. He got the message loud and clear. Steve no longer has a place in Tonys life and its never more apparent than when Steve observes the ever-growing Stark family. Tony isnt alone in the world, as hed once felt he was. Hed taken young Peter under his wing. Alana, who he believed once loved them equally, in the end, had chosen Tony without hesitation. It wasnt as though it was much of a choice once they found out she wasnt Tonys sister, but his daughter. Once, Steve had foolishly thought that Alanas parentage was the most shocking thing that could happen, and then Maria came along. He tries not to dwell on painful memories, but a part of him likes it. Its like poking a bruise. It hurts, but it also feels good. It occurs to Steve that line of thought isnt the healthiest and so he distracts himself by spending time with the family he knows hell lose again.
Then where the hell is he? Tony asks. We cant wait out here for much longer!
Am I supposed to answer that? Or is this one of those questions where you dont expect me to answer and youll just fill me in with what you think? Steve says as he crosses his arms in front of him.
Tony? Its Steves turn to be confused again. He has so many questions. Just like when he finally gets some real information out of Tony, Alana walks in.
Stark, Maria, Steve says.
Thats fine, I dont care.
Here, Tony says lowering his hands. I had this brought over. Thought itd be best if you suit up too. Tony hands him a bag that has his gear in it.
Its a frenzy of questions. Neither are happy at being left behind and they both do an excellent job at telling them off. Theres a lot of
Part of him is beginning to love Maria but another part of him still cant let go of the resentment. At times, the sight of her reminds him of what hes lost. What hes missing out on. Tony started a family, without him. Her name on Tonys lips feels like a slap in the face and no ones to blame but Steve. Its the guilt that drenches his heart. Tony had rightfully named his daughter after his mother, but to Steve, hearing her name was like being forced to watch that horrid video over and over again. Each time he relives the look of devastation on Tonys face. But he deserves as much. Steve doesnt even fathom asking for forgiveness. He isnt delusional enough to think he deserves it or that Tony would give it to him.
Will do, Tony says returning the hug. I gotta go. Ill be back later.
Yes! Okay. Yes, its possible.
Finally embracing the creepy old man persona? Tony says in a tone thats meant to be flippant. Hes been drinking.
What? Steve looks at Tony in confusion. What happened? Shouldnt we call an ambulance?
Steve looks at him in disgust. Who cares Tony?
Hours pass and none of them move. They hover over her and yet Maria doesnt open her eyes. He can see the worry and the panic begin to set in Alana and Peters eyes. Eventually, when he just cant take it anymore and he knows Tony is about to burst from the anxiety radiating off the two of them he sends them away to get food.
Alright then Captain. Youre free to go in.
Tony wants to be mad, hes sure its what Steve expects, but he doesnt have the energy for it. No, its okay, Tony says, plopping down into a chair next to Marias bed. Honestly, its nice not to have to be on all the time.
Please! Steves voice cracks. His resolve is beginning to break. He doesnt have much strength left.
I will do anything to fix this Tony. And when I find out who did this, who hurt us! Who put our daughter in danger Ill kill them.
As they exit the room, Steve casually comes back around the corner.
The second hes out of earshot Alana pounces. What the hell is the matter with you?
Yes! she agrees loudly. NO MORE! NO MORE!
What? Why?
I wasnt alone. I had Vision, Rhodey, and Alana.
For all his planning, in his haste to just be near Tony, it slipped his mind to think of what he actually wanted to say to Tony.
We can only pray.
I prayed.
He tucks her closer to him and gets up off the sofa. Shes still hot even with her second round of medicine. She clings to him like a lifeline. About halfway down to Tonys lab he feels her grip loosen. Every hair on his body stands up and his pulse quickens. Somethings wrong, really wrong.
Okay. How do we get started?
I - I wasnt even sure youd tell me, he answers complete confused.
Thank you, as always, for the lovely comments! They're the best!
The unintentional compliment brings a smile to Tonys face.
Im sad, she tells him. His chest hurts. He feels an overwhelming need to make it all better.
Papa? She whispers.
That he wouldnt be able to keep his eyes off of you tonight. She motions towards Tony where hes standing in a corner with Sam.
Tony stands as soon as they around the corner.
Of course, Steve responds.
DONT, DONT YOU DARE! Tony snaps.
You can go if you... you dont have to stay.
Tony closes his eyes and releases a broken exhale, but he moves closer to Steve and kisses him. Steve melts into it. He chases Tonys lips as he pulls away.
He chest aches at the sight of her, laying in a bed that was far too big her, surrounded by beeping machines. She seems smaller than ever. Now that hes there with her, he isn't quite sure what he should do. He grabs a chair and sits down next to her bed and lets out a sigh.
Are you surprised? Tony asks.
Steve hits the gas, hes pushing the bike as hard as it will go. Hes tempting fate, at this moment hed welcome a fiery crash. All he knows is that he has to get as far away from the house as possible. He drives until he reaches a mountain and then continues to makes his way up to the top. Its a fairly common place to go in the are, that is in the warmer months. The cold keeps most people away and Steve has the whole mountain to himself. He walks out to the edge and looks out at the view. All he could see is trees for miles. He feels small. He likes to come to be reminded of who he is in comparison to all the beauty of the world. Hes just one man, super or not. There are far greater things then him in this world. He sits down with his legs dangling over the edge. He has to try and make sense of everything thats happened to him.
Uh, no, Steve, Tony says as he lowers Steves arm.
Instead of assuming you know me or what Im going to say, why don't you try asking?
The doctor practically cowers in front of Steve. Tony sort of feel bad for the man. Not many people on the receiving end of Steves frustrations arent intimidated.
Rogers! I cant do this with you right now. I know how much you love making everything about you, but I have to take care of MY daughter. Tony says coldly as he moves past Steve. The words cut him, but Steve knows Tony is lashing out in fear.
Youve had to do that because you left me out of it. I could have - I should be there next to you. If you really wanted me to be in either of your lives you would have tired harder Tony, and you know that.
Steves ears perk up at the mention of her birth. Steve was still trying to work that bit out. No one mentions Marias mother, not even the girl. He wonders what it could mean. He hopes Peter will unknowingly fill in some of the gaps for him.
His hand is like fire on Tonys arm. It burns, but its hypnotizing. He hates it and he wants it. It clouds his mind. He shakes his head and breaks the trance.
He rests a hand on Steves shoulder and his smiles back. Steve responds with a silent smirk.
He thinks about his life over the past few years. Hed been given two daughters, in the most difficult and outrageous ways imaginable. The universe has given him a gift, but it also seems determined to rob him of his chance at fatherhood. He thinks of Alana. Shes a grown woman, intelligent, kind, beautiful and by some miracle, despite all her hardships has come out of it as someone Tony feels beyond privileged to call his child. But she isnt a child and she doesnt need a father in the traditional sense anymore. Tony is selfish, hes honest with himself. He should be pushing Alana to branch out on her own, but instead, he clings to her tighter. Now that he has her, he doesnt intend to ever let her go.
No! I need to see her! I have to see Tony! Peter says, become frantic again.
Excuse me? Steve blurts out. He feels the blush rise from his cheeks and move into his ears.
As soon as Steve gets Alana and Peter settled he rushes back to Maria. He has a sinking feeling as he thinks about what hed told Tony earlier. Hed promised he wouldnt leave her side, but the other two needed him. He was feeling a bit stretched thin. He could tell by the look on his face that Peter would have preferred if Steve had stayed with him to talk more, but he couldnt.
Hi! Will you play with me? Her voice is sweet and captivating.
Tony, I never got a single call on that phone. Ever! Hes desperate. I waited and waited. I was an idiot, I know that Tony. I don't know what I was thinking. I carried that thing everywhere, hoping. Just praying that youd have a momentary lapse and give in, but it never came. Youre too good for that. Eventually, I accepted that it was never going to happen and I tried to move on. But I couldnt. I cant, Tony.
She spends a lot of time with that boy,  Matt,
Its okay, Steve says, rolling up his sleeve and offering up his arm. Do you think that this will help?
What, Im not cool enough to hang out with you anymore? the teen asks.
Where are we going to take her? There isnt anyone we can trust and we cant cure her on our own.
You didn't find anything right? How is it meaningless?
Sorry, I needed to get away. I have no idea where I am.
From the moment he was pulled from the ice, no, from the moment he met Tony his life went upside down. Tony. How could one man so drastically change his life, his world? He never understood it when people said they were consumed in relationships, but after Tony it makes sense. Tony infiltrated every aspect of his life, every aspect of his mind. After all hes been through, Steve never thought hed welcome the invasion with open arms. But Tony did something no one else could. He managed to get Steve to open up, unknowingly and completely. Hes seen the darkest corners of his mind, hes seen all his flaws, and loved him still. He loved him for who he is and not who the world sees him as or expected him to be.
Sit down and Ill get the needle.
The next few days pass in exactly the same way. Steve and Tony rotate their vigil next to Maria. They sit and watch as Shuri and others on her team give her treatments and other medicine to help ease the process along.
This is not normal, Shuri says reading over the result. Her genetic readout makes no sense.
Steve reaches behind him and runs his fingers across a small raised scar that barely hurts. He cant help but push himself up despite the pain to see exactly what they had pulled from him. He watches Shuri as she holds up an enormous syringe. Its filled with a muted red colored substance that reminds him of watered down pudding.
At some point, they both had fallen asleep. Its a shock when they are woken up by Okoye, who turns beads on her wrist and showing them something. It takes a minute for Steve to fully understand what is happening. Shes showing them a projection of Alana and Peter, of course.
Eventually, the press asks for a group photo. A man asks for The Avengers and friends to which everyone agrees without much protest thanks in large to the aid of copious amounts of alcohol. The only problem is Tonys missing. Steve does his best to sound casual as he mentions he thinks he saw Tony walk out towards the pond. And before anyone can offer to go find him, Steve walks off. He follows the path he knows well to the pond, but stops dead in his tracks at the sight he stumbles upon. Steve finds Tony sitting on one of the benches with another man. Hes tall and handsome. Theyre sitting close to one another, whispering. Steve watches as the other man caresses the inside of Tonys wrist. He cant stop the jealousy that floods his veins. Hes one step away from making a huge mistake when Tony whispers something in the mans ear that has him looking put out and walking away.  Steve backs away and pretends like he wasnt there the whole time. They make eye contact and Steve motions him back to the tent. He doesnt wait for him. They join the rest of the group and Nat pulls them to either side of her, front and center. They wrap their arms around her waist and Steves heart flutters when he feels Tonys arm against his own.
Then you need to be a big girl and eat some crackers and take your medicine, he says as Nat hands him some crackers.
NO TIME BROTHER! Shuri shouts clearing a path in front of her. GET HER TO MY LAB RIGHT AWAY! MOVE! MOVE! she continues into the building in front of her.
Dont say that, Rhodey counters. You cant think like that, okay? We have to stay positive.
Steves brains making a connection, but Steve cant accept it. Its impossible and yet, something in his heart tells him its true. His heart starts to race. Being near her feels right. Hes starting to feel dizzy. Theres only one answer. However unlikely, however improbable, he knows it.
Hey, come on now, he starts off slowly but is completely ignored. HEY! He shouts next. You have to stop yelling, okay! We - Tony, is still your father so watch the tone. Youre being loud, rude, and disrespectful. We dont actually have to tell you anything.
He slowly makes his way down the hall to Marias room and freezes when he grips the handle. Hes nervous, which is just ridiculous. Shes a three-year-old, an unconscious three-year-old. He holds his breath, opens the door and walks in. If anyone asked what hes doing in Marias room he wouldnt have anything to say to them, because he isnt sure himself. All Steve knows is that it feel right. It feels right for him to be there, with her. He decides hes going to stop pretending he has any idea whats going on in his life and instead, embrace whatever comes his way.
That shakes Tony to his core. The way the doctor looks at Steve isn't right. They know. Somehow they know Steve is Marias other parent and even if they did before their little lip lock definitely completed the puzzle. Steve was right. They have to get her out of here as quickly as possible. Steve comes to stand behind Tony, putting his hand on his shoulder.
Tony breezes by him and disappears out the door. Steve feels defeated as he makes his way back to his room.
Tell me you love me!
Steve sits down as Tony goes over to a drawer and gets out a needle and a tube. He doesnt think too much on the fact Tony had a needle strong enough to pierce his skin already prepared.
Center Boulevard, Im in Long Island City. Between 46th and 47th.
The more he thinks on it the surer Steve is that he was insane to have sent Tony that phone. He couldnt believe he ever thought Tony would be receptive towards it. Hey, I know I just lied to you and broke your heart, but here take this cell phone. Idiot! He kept telling himself that Tony would come around. At the end of it all, he ended up alone, no best friend, no lover, no home. He was stuck in Wakanda staring at his own identical, stupid cellphone, waiting for a call that never came. The worst part is living knowing hed led good people, his friends, down a path they may never fully come back from for his own, thinly veiled, selfish reasons. There was only so much they could take before they caved. Clint and Scott have children. Being apartment from them, knowing they might never be able to see them again was too much. Thats what brought them back here and Steve couldnt fault them. Steve couldnt help but feel like it was only a matter of time until they all made compromises and Steve would be left completely alone in a prison of his own making.
See, I knew it, she whispers to him.
Both Steve and Tony feel the pull to chase her, but they lag behind to speak to TChalla.
Please, Tony. Dont do this, Steve sobs. You cant. Shes mine too. I want to help. I want to be a part of her life. You have to believe me. Tony if I had known I would have come to you. I never got a call. You have to believe me. You have to. How can I prove it to you?
Its Steve.
So do it! Steve says, a bit hysterical.
Its a loaded question. Steve debates on how honest he should be with Sam. Yeah, Ill be okay.
Its not looking good is it? Steve asks, not really wanting the answer. He knows in his heart the doctors are getting nowhere.
What is taking so long? Steve growls. Isnt this the age of the technology? I thought everything was supposed to be incredibly fast? How can this of all things be taking so long?
Thank you, Steve.
Shuri wants us there. Its time for the transplant.
Go be with your family, the king commands him.
On the drive home, Tony thinks about his girls and inevitably about his own parents. Hed be damned if he makes the same mistakes as Howard. The man had done everything in his power not to be a father or a grandfather. The day Tony learned the truth of Alanas parentage was the day his whole world shifted. He figured out what it truly meant to be a parent. When all of the terrible things Howard had done to him fell to the wayside in comparison to what hed done to Alana. What he did to his own granddaughter. What he did to both of them.
Steve is lifting his sleeve up before shes even finished speaking. Yeah, of course.
Hasnt anyone told you not to keep a lady waiting? She asks as she spins in a small circle. She looks beautiful in a long, silver gown. It highlights all of her ample attributes.
Steve tries to convince himself that the only reason hes even doing this is to get answers from Tony. But the truth is, its incredibly easy to slip back into old habits. He loves Tony and probably always will but hes starting to understand what Tony meant when he said sometimes it isnt enough. All the love between them couldnt heal the cavernous wounds between them. Steve cradles Tonys head his hand and runs the other up and down his back.
Alana looks like shes about to protest, but Steve stops her with a raised hand. But, we will, okay? But first, you need to back off and give him some space. Were sorry we didnt say anything, but it was all time sensitive.
Steve, TChalla says extending his hand out to him.
I should have been there Tony. Theres nothing I can do to change the past, but I swear things are going to be different from now on, Steve tells him as he moves to kneel in front of Tony.
Yes, as soon as I figured out what was happening I covered up until it was impossible and then I locked myself away at in the house until the end. I kept Maria hidden until people would think someone dumped her on me.
Wha- Whatever, I want to see her!
He looks down and his eyes go out of focus. I'm a father. Im her father.
. Tony wants to get Steve as far away from his daughter as he can.
My workshop. I have what we need down there.
"All this leather you've got," Tony said. "And you don't have a collar."
. Or rather, Tony reminded himself, he wanted Iron Man.
, all right.
He sat down.
, Tony."
The flight system kicked in, off balance, when Tony was three inches from the floor. He flung his arms out, tucked his head in, and then watched the simulated ground on the HUD spin wildly as he flipped over onto his back and skidded across the floor, smacking his head into a pole.
The fluorescents overhead were uniformly dim, with several of them flickering alarmingly, and several more going dark as the team passed them. Tony had the unnerving feeling of being in the cast of a horror movie, a feeling that was definitely not helped by the number of displays that were knocked over and otherwise in disarray. The evacuation had definitely not been orderly.
Unsurprisingly, Tony definitely needs to. He's shaking, off-balance. He's clad only in the underwear that Steve gave him earlier in the evening, and Steve can't actually feel him through his heavy uniform, but he can tell from the goosebumps stippling Tony's shoulders that Tony's definitely not wearing enough clothing.
, Shellhead. When Zemo was holding me captive, he dragged out my old Army footlocker from my room and ripped up everything, because he could. My old journals. Pictures of me and Bucky. Keepsakes. And--and-- the only picture I ever had of my mother." He was practically crying now. "You can't-- you can't bring that back. Not for all the money in the world."
, and it wasn't fair. It should have stopped you." He was yelling now. "But nothing stopped you, Tony!"
He expects it to take a matter of seconds, as it had in the Necropolis. Minutes tick by. He supposes this is what Stephen meant about finesse.
"So you say," Tony returned.
Mr. Stark's mouth twists, almost with loathing, as it shapes the ugly word.
And then he winces. His hand goes to his hip.
. Jesus. One of his former teammates wanted him enough that they-- that they probably
Tony stared at Steve like he was crazy. "Don't be silly, Cap!" he scoffed. "Of course he couldn't promise that!"
Hank must not have actually minded shop talk as much as he was pretending to, because within ten minutes, he'd come back with drinks for all of them, and then he'd started enthusiastically adding his own suggestions to the discussion, which had moved from meeting agendas to roster ideas to next week's training plans. And Jan herself had some great ideas. Steve was really enjoying co-leading the team with Jan, all in all; they ought to have thought of it before.
Tony can't stop staring at Steve's uniform, white and red and dazzling gold, almost like Steve's dressed himself in Tony's colors, in Tony's armor, and Jesus,
The air seemed to smell more strongly. There was probably something pumped in through the vents. More sedatives. Tony let his head loll back. High on the wall above him was a window, and a shadowy figure was watching him through it. That was probably who Tony was talking to.
"Not really sure how it goes," Steve admitted. "Didn't really let myself get very far." He tried a smile. "Maybe I could use some suggestions."
"Neither, actually." Tony chuckled; it wasn't a nice sound. "Wow, I can pick 'em, can't I?" He sighed. "Whitney was... sincere, in her own way. When we were dating, at least. She didn't actually start trying to murder me until after she left me. And Kathy was-- well, paralysis wasn't the most fun I've ever had, let's put it that way. But, no, I still think Indries Moomji was the worst. In terms of the sheer destruction of my life, that is."
Iron Man sighs heavily. "You want to know something else I've never told anyone?" Behind the mask, his eyes fall shut. "I haven't slept with anyone since the accident. The cardiac damage affected, uh." He pauses delicately. "A lot of things. I mostly can't even-- I can't stay-- even when I'm by myself, I still can't get--" He stops again. He presses his palms against his legs in obvious dismay. His thighs clearly aren't covered in armor. Steve needs to stop thinking about touching him. "I'm sorry. I really am. But I can't do it."
Friends. Just friends. Assuming Tony ever wanted to be friends with him again.
"Yes, sir!" Tigra said, and she definitely sounded proud to be asked. Excellent.
would definitely not have been a word Tony would use about him ever again. How was he supposed to stop being in love with him? What could he do?
Glancing away, Tony smiled a small smile. "I'm flattered that you think
Tony's boots scrape against the linoleum. He takes one shuffling, scratching step, and then another. The sound echoes with awful finality.
He'd spent years imagining what this moment might be like. He'd daydreamed a thousand kisses, from the prosaically casual to the deliciously, unspeakably lewd. And yet somehow he was unprepared for the reality of it. He'd never thought it could be real. Tony was frozen against him for a second or two, just enough time for Steve to wonder whether he'd made the worst mistake of his life, and then Tony's arms went around him, pulling him close, and Tony kissed him back, hard and fierce. It was the way their entire relationship had gone: heading straight for each other at a dead run, neither of them swerving or slowing down.
"Sure thing," Mr. Hogan says.
The internet assured him that there were clubs where men could dance together now, wearing whatever they liked, and no one gave a damn. There were no blue ticket discharges, no police raids, no MPs guarding the doors. Not anymore. The internet in fact assured him that it was all legal, all of it, everything he could think of, right up to two men or two women being able to walk down the aisle together. Steve has filed that last fact away as
Steve stared. "What?"
He undid the cuff of his shirt, pushed the sleeve up, and held out his arm, palm up. Steve didn't figure out what Tony was doing until Tony reached out with his free hand, picked up one of Steve's hands, and pushed Steve's fingers against his arm. The angle was wrong, but Steve understood now.
"Shh, sweetheart," Tony whispers. "It's okay. I'm going to be okay. You'll see. It'll be good. I'll be right here with you. I promise."
Steve was no stranger to the media, over the years, but he was surprised at how much everyone seemed to be cheering them on. Every time Tony picked him up and flew with him in battle, there were a dozen blurry shots in the papers the next day, headlined with captions like LOVE IS STILL IN THE AIR FOR OUR SUPERHERO DUO. Steve had cut out and saved one of the pictures, a post-battle shot where they were walking toward the Quinjet, Tony's gauntleted arm wrapped possessively around his waist. He stuck it in his wallet.
Ghost hits shift and then three with two fingers. The pound sign. The octothorp, Steve supposes. "Anything else?" He sounds like he's scowling. He's annoyed. Just a little distracted. Good.
Tony's clenching the edge of his work bench with all the strength in him. If he were Steve, it would break. "Maybe for
He ran his thumb over Tony's brow, smoothing out the lines. "Just because I never imagined this particular situation doesn't make it wrong." He smiled. "I wouldn't have asked if I didn't want this. It can just be simple. Nice. Easy. Because I love you, and I want you to know that you're here with me and you're safe, and I want you to be happy. I don't need anything elaborate or complicated. It can just be like this." He put his hand on Tony's shoulder, pulled him a little closer. "Waiting for the absolute perfect time just means a lot of waiting. And the way our lives are, we never know what the future holds." Tony was staring at him like he'd honestly never expected Steve to be the one trying to talk him into bed. Steve wasn't pushing him -- he hoped he wasn't pushing him -- but that didn't mean he didn't want Tony to know he was interested. "If you want to wait, because you don't want to do this right now, I'm happy to wait. I understand that. But I'm just saying you don't have to wait on my account. As far as I'm concerned, it's already good. You're here in my bed, where I've always wanted you to be. And you want me. For me it
"I assure you that, despite Baron Blood's best efforts, I'm still human," Steve said, smiling, hoping he sounded casual, trying to avoid thinking about touching Tony's neck. He could set his hand gently, so gently, against the vulnerable hollow of Tony's throat, trace a path up to his jaw, across his lips. No. Tony was
Tony raises an artificially-steady hand and tilts his faceplate back. He looks-- well, honestly, he still looks like hell, but he looks better than he did before. A lesser circle of hell, maybe. Tony's eyes are still bloodshot from crying, and his face is puffy and blotchy, but he doesn't look like he's on the verge of tears again. He looks like he's trying to hold it back, and maybe even succeeding. His lips are parted, just a sliver, like he wants to say yes to Steve's question, to say he's okay, to give Steve the answer he clearly wants, but he knows he's not there yet. Tony doesn't speak. His throat works.
"I'm trying," Tony hissed back, "but it's a solid lock. Sit down and I'll see what I can-- fuck! Two more incoming!"
Steve considered the question. "Like myself," he said, honestly. "Like myself, and very, very happy."
"I'm sorry about that," he says, finally, like he honestly thinks he did something wrong -- and Steve doesn't think he's apologizing for refusing lifesaving medical treatment. "I really am. I didn't mean to do that. I just don't-- I don't handle surprises well."
Tony didn't know what to say, because
Well, it wasn't as if he could ruin his friendship with Tony any more than this, right?
But Tony wasn't ever going to believe that.
"Oh, Tony, Tony, so nice, so, so nice, just like that, please, again, yes, oh--"
"Wow," Tony said, softly.
"And the bad news?" Tony asked.
ducks, because they were still sprawled out on the damn parquet laminate.
Tony couldn't imagine why Steve would want to. He was still too thin, too scarred -- Steve would look at him, and he'd see Tony had spent months living on the streets. No one needed that.
, "just wondering. Am I off the Avengers?"
Outside, the sky is lightening into dawn. Tony can't see the sun from here, but when he walks over and opens the shades, he sees the light reflecting off mirrored skyscrapers, burnished gold and silver. He supposes he gets one last beautiful thing. He thinks about the warmth of Steve's hand on his face, barely an hour ago.
If Steve doesn't give Ghost the drive, Ghost will kill him and take it off his body. But if Steve gives Ghost the drive, any usefulness he has to Ghost comes to an end, and Ghost will probably kill him anyway, for the hell of it. Ghost sure doesn't seem to mind committing murder. So either way, Steve will be dead.
. He's not held back by his old reflexes, his old reaction times, his goddamn heart.
This doesn't seem to be what Iron Man wants to hear; he just sighs, and he pets Steve's hair, his gloved hand curving over Steve's head. It feels wonderful. Steve can figure everything else out in the morning, he's sure.
He wasn't going to do this.
Too late, he understood. He snapped his mouth shut. Oh, no.
Tony stared blearily down at the pile of clothing and didn't move. There was an odd nervousness on his face.
? He couldn't kiss him and then turn away. Could he? Tears were welling up in Steve's eyes.
It's all right. Iron Man always has things to do. Heck, sometimes he doesn't even make team meetings. Steve's not going to pry.
Steve spent the rest of the afternoon packing.
Regardless, Mr. Stark definitely seems intent on putting him off.
Oh, yeah, Tiberius had
"I like that," Steve said, with a smile. It was sweet. Tony was just that sweet. And it was nice to know, in a way that sent a little thrill of satisfaction through him, that it had, in a sense, been him first.
He types it in, one laborious letter at a time:
Iron Man catches him looking, and Steve can feel his face flush.
"Come on," Steve said, valiantly, as if his face wasn't heating up. He pulled his gloves back on and took a few more steps backwards. "Come on, Tony, you can't tell me you don't carry a few fun ones for the kids too." It wasn't like they didn't have to rescue children, after all. That was his story and he was sticking to it.
, Tony had said, instantly, confidently, like he hadn't even had to think about it, and Steve's heart had melted then and there.
Unfortunately, it was very, very real to the flesh beneath.
The theater's in the Village, and when they get out -- and Iron Man lets him go -- Steve is so distracted remembering the feel of Iron Man's hand in his that he entirely forgets to check the marquee to even see what movie it is, and then he stops dead in the auditorium, staring around in wonder.
An intercom clicked. "That's where you're wrong, Stark," a man's voice said. Tony didn't recognize it. To be fair, he was high enough right now that he didn't think he'd have recognized his own mother's voice. "You see, what I'm actually interested in is Resilient's energy program. We could use power sources like you have."
He needed to figure out what to do about his little feelings problem. He needed to snap out of it. He'd figure it all out later. He was sure there was a right answer. He just hadn't found it yet.
"Sorry," Tony says. "The, uh. The groin plates are cutting in a little funny. Do you mind if I...?" He leaves the sentence unfinished.
"Next time I could paddle you," Tony said, idly, and, God, he was already thinking even more about next time. "Bet you'd like that. Get you a real nice bruise or two that way."
He could see her face fall, ever so briefly. Good.
Sweat was starting to drip down Steve's forehead, and when Tony swung even harder he felt something rip in the shoulders of his shirt, because apparently his suit today hadn't been up to the challenge of impact play. He couldn't really bring himself to care about that.
"Shellhead," Steve gasps. He feels like he's the one who can't breathe. "Shellhead, please, say something!"
, he doesn't say. "The Avengers pay me more than even I can spend, and I know they pay you the same salary that they pay me. It's in the bylaws. Mr. Stark is a generous man," he adds. "And since you're still working for him privately, you must need the money. So I'm just saying, I don't need everything I've got. I don't buy very much for myself. I have money saved. And I'm sure the Army must owe me some back pay." He frowns. "Probably a lot of back pay. I should check on that." He can't quite conceive of how much
," Tony says, with utter sincerity, taking the washcloth. His smile is fond. "God, I love you."
Tony says nothing.
The answer was probably
Somehow Tony meant something else. Something that terrified him.
Steve obligingly lifted his hips to help as Tony slid the last thing he was wearing off him, leaving him bare to Tony's gaze. He felt oddly vulnerable, naked when Tony was still entirely clothed, but it wasn't a bad feeling. Far from it. Tony was here and Tony wasn't going to hurt him; it was like he could somehow trust Tony with even more of himself. He liked being able to do that.
Even if Mr. Stark was very attractive.
Yeah. He didn't think so.
"Does he make you happy?"
Maybe this had been a bad idea.
He carefully pushed up the edge of Tony's shirt, halfway up his chest, stopping just before the scarring started. Tony's stomach quivered a little as he tensed, and Steve kissed him there, softly; he relaxed. Yeah, that was just what he'd wanted to see. He let Tony's cock go again, just for a second, let it lie thick and heavy against Tony's trembling stomach. Perfect.
"I--" Steve began, and to his horror, the words caught in his throat.
Tony's silent for a long time.
Abuse didn't always look like the stories. Steve knew that. Abusers weren't always terrible one hundred percent of the time. If they were, no one would ever let them get close to them. They could be charming. They could be sweet. They could be kind. Just like anyone else. It was just that... they weren't really like that, where it counted.
Mordo sneered at them. It looked even more ridiculous with the facial hair situation, although Tony was willing to concede that he was incredibly well-preserved for someone who was probably at least as old as Steve. "You're nowhere near good enough to best me, Avengers." There was a faint smile on his face.
"Mr. Stark's workshop?"
"Steve?" Tony's eyes cloud with confusion as Steve twists halfway around to face him. "What are you doing?"
"Mmm," Steve breathed. "Yeah. Yeah, Tony, please. Hurt me."
"Can I tell people?" she asks, and then smiles ruefully and clarifies. "Not everyone. Not the whole world. Just the rest of the team."
The rest of the evening -- and possibly the rest of Tony's life -- was definitely looking up.
. He knows he's intimidating. He never thought he'd use that against anyone who wasn't a supervillain, but he can't bring himself to feel sorry about it now. Now, he's just plain
After that, Steve and Iron Man are closer than ever. It's not that Steve hadn't felt close to him before -- of course he had -- but that conversation seems to have flipped some kind of switch in their relationship, and Iron Man just starts... telling him things. Oh, not his name. Not his civilian identity. But things Steve bets he hasn't told anyone else, and Steve thinks that's honestly even better. It's not like his name would mean anything to Steve. But everything else -- well, that means something.
He was sure he knew how Tony was conceiving of this, conceptualizing what he was doing, because he'd thought of it like that at first too, just from the way Tony had talked about it. Tony had sounded a little concerned, a little tense, but not actually afraid. He battled supervillains every day of his life, after all. He was familiar with this. Confronting a villain, exposing their crimes to the world. That was what he did, routinely. And in a sense, that was what he was doing now.
Steve's not sure how to interpret the vast amounts of mixed signals. "What do you mean,
Iron Man opens the door and takes another step back, putting even more distance between them. "I really do have somewhere to be right now, sorry," he says, and he presses his hand to his chest, an odd gesture. "I promise I'll see you soon."
It was all too easy to get caught up in it, and Steve was surprised when Jan looked at her watch, winced, and said, "I think Hank and I ought to be going. It's already past eleven."
Tony looks down at Steve. "And what are you here for?"
Maybe Tony only counted it when there were scars.
Tony laughed, but at least he was smiling. "Honestly, I don't think you're physically capable of lying to me. And I'm sure sometimes you'd probably like to be."
"So," Tony said, and his voice was a little too casual, "you really listened to that entire rambling voicemail I left you?"
"It's going to be over fast," Steve said, a little embarrassed. "You're, uh. You're really something."
"Stickers!" Iron Man crows, jubilantly, and sure enough, Steve sees a little glittery Avengers A on the paper. Next to it, farther down the strip, there's a little cartoon figure of Iron Man, also glittery, and then Steve's shield. He proffers the paper. It's perforated into sections. "Here, you'll have to take one yourself." He wiggles the fingers of his free hand. "My armor is too strong to peel off stickers, you see. I wouldn't want to rip them by accident."
He wanted it to be his decision. His choice. He should have told Steve years ago, but he only had now.
Oh. Right. Steve had been in uniform last night. He wasn't in uniform now. This was going to be difficult to explain without giving away his secret identity--
"The plug's not as good as you," Steve complained.
He's ice-cold. He's still shivering. Steve tells himself that's actually a good sign; it's when you're cold enough that you stop shivering that you
"We want you to marry Captain America."
There had to be answers here somewhere. A door on the other side of the room led to a short hallway, which led to--
Steve supposes he can't complain about that. "Okay," he mumbles. "Sounds good."
"I shall heed thy command," Thor said, and he turned on the landing and started to head up one more escalator. "I wish you both good fortune in battle."
"If you want to, we can do that," Steve agrees. He doesn't need the pretext, though, and he doesn't think Iron Man does either. "But honestly, I-- I just want to
"Interesting plan." Tony hummed softly. "What abilities?"
was not a fact about the world that was going to make Steve happy.
"Tony didn't tell you?" Stephen asks. "I can cure you with magic. Fix the amnesia. Give you everything back."
One of the things it hadn't taken Steve long to pick up about Tony was that Tony had an excellent poker face. He was pretty sure this was Tony's poker face. Hell, the incident with Mentallo hadn't been all that long ago. Tony was scared of the consequences. Of course he was. But he wasn't lying, either. It wasn't like he'd be the first superhero with a public identity. He didn't have a family who could be targeted, and almost all his friends were either superheroes themselves or capable of fending for themselves. And Stark Solutions, as far as Steve knew, hadn't gone public and wasn't going to. There was no stock that might take a hit. Sure, Tony was scared -- but deep down, he had to know he'd be okay if Tiberius gave up his secret identity.
"Mmm," Tony said, with a teasing smile. "So it's not gay porn, huh?" He was clearly trying to make Steve blush again.
Steve shrugged half a shrug and gave Tony that devil-may-care twitch of a smile that always made Tony want to do things like declare his undying love. So far, he'd managed to refrain. "Well, I wasn't about to get on the comms at the Mountain and say that I was running an unauthorized op on Staten Island when we have no general American clearance anymore, and would anyone like to come with me? T'Challa would have said no."
, he tells himself.
Steve was beginning to see where Ultron might fit into this. If Ultron had been Hank's AI experiment, then Jocasta was Hank's AI experiment's AI experiment. Ultron's intended bride. Except Jocasta, thank God, had always had a mind of her own.
He wanted to do everything right. But if what Mr. Stark is saying is the truth, then it's the wrong time to ask. He hasn't even started and he's still doing it wrong. Is Iron Man really going to want a dinosaur like him, a man from the wrong century? What if he doesn't?
Iron Man said last night that he wanted Steve to hold him, but this? This sounds like he's been deprived of all physical contact whatsoever. And that's a terrible thought.
"And what did Tony Stark do while this was happening?"
"Thanks, Shellhead!" Steve calls back, as he pushes himself to his feet again and leaps back into the fray.
"What?"
Oh. Yeah. That was something they were going to need to figure out, wasn't it? What their relationship was going to look like outside this room. Who they were going to tell. If they were going to tell anyone else at all.
, Tony had said.
Steve's almost certain that Tony's been in battle while having honest-to-God heart attacks before. On some metric, this has to not be the worst physical or mental state Tony's ever been in while on a mission.
The bad news was everything else.
"You bet," Tony said, and he strode forward, Steve at his side.
"Doctor Strange isn't available at the moment," Steve said, coolly, coming around to stand next to Tony. "You'll have to deal with us instead."
Iron Man has stopped dead in the middle of the sidewalk.
. It would be far from the first 3 a.m. coffee he'd ever seen Tony drink.
Steve's eyes are narrowed; some suspicion remains. "I don't know you."
Tony's smiling again. "Oh, yeah."
Tony grabs a ballpoint pen with one hand and Steve's arm with the other, and he hauls him down to an open space on the counter. "Ooh," Tony says, perusing the form. "Gender-neutral, nice. Do you want to be Party A or Party B?"
. How could he have been this wrong?
He doesn't think it was, and he knows Tony's deflecting. But at the same time, it's not like they don't both enjoy when Tony gets some good pain. "Oh, then definitely tell me," he says, with a grin. "I'd like to know the sadism's being properly appreciated. It'll give me something nice to think about next time I've got six hours to kill on monitor duty."
"Steve...?"
Shark-like, Mordo smiled, and, yeah, he was going for it. "Naturally you are unfamiliar with the guiding principles of certain schools of black magic. Practitioners require a certain amount of... turmoil. Distress. Negative emotions. Pain." His mouth twisted, a dissatisfied moue. "At certain times of the year, it is difficult to access a sufficient quantity of disorder without... mmm... producing one's own. I've decided to be proactive."
"Oh, I know you've had gay friends," Tony said, barreling onward. He hardly sounded angry anymore. It had all drained away and there was, of course, self-loathing underneath. He just sounded... bitter and sad and lonely. "But you've never had a gay teammate, and I guess that--"
But Tony's mouth went crooked. "Yeah, see, that's the thing. I can only tell myself that for so long. Ty
"Iron Man, huh?" says a voice Tony's never heard before, and that must be-- that must be--
Tony's shocked, saddened face floated in front of Steve's eyes, and he blinked to clear his vision. That wasn't going to help.
Steve could feel his face heat up. "Maybe," he muttered.
He closed his eyes, savored the weight and warmth of Tony against him, and let his dreams take him.
And Tiberius was
"I-- I-- I--" Iron Man stammers. He can't even get a sentence out. "You-- you know who you're asking, right? I live in a suit of armor, Cap. You can have practically anyone in the whole wide world. I can't give you a normal relationship." He gestures at himself again, at his glorious armor, as if that's supposed to put Steve off.
And then Iron Man puts out a hand, palm up, the repulsor glassy and dim. "You could," Iron Man begins, and he sounds as nervous as Steve feels, now. "You could touch, if you wanted."
And all Steve could do was watch the world rip Tony apart.
He needs to get over himself. He needs to focus. On Tony.
The ground spirals closer.
He knows he's expected to be impressed by movie theaters now. The screens are huge, the seats --
And it was even more ridiculous when he thought about who Tony was, who he
Tony picked up the tube of Vaseline in one hand and coated his fingers. Definitely not his favorite lube, but next time they could get something better. "I've got you," Tony said. "I'm just going to plug you up first. That way it'll feel even nicer when I hit you, mmm? You'll have something good and solid to hold onto."
Tiberius snorted. "It's cute that you think I'll even make it to trial. Are you really that naive? I'm the richest man in America. No one can touch me. Men like us don't go to prison, Tony." He smiled. "You know that. Don't be an idiot."
Jan was also off the list, and in this case it was precisely because of the plug. It wasn't that Tony didn't think women could like that sort of thing -- hell, he'd been with more than a few subby women with their own plug collection -- but Jan, as lovely as she was, had shown no signs of being kinky in any direction when they'd been together. Granted, she could definitely afford vibranium chains -- but what was she going to do with them? And the most damning thing -- the fact that definitely excluded her from consideration -- was the simple fact that they'd already been together. She'd broken up with him, just before he'd met Indries and begun his slide back into the bottle. She didn't have a secret crush on him because there would have been no need for it to be secret. Jan was a big girl, and if she'd wanted him back she would have just said so to his face. And she hadn't.
Apparently the answer to
It wasn't really much of a defense, but right now it was all he had going for him.
"Wonderful," Steve told him, and there was something warm within Tony's chest. "That was-- you were perfect. The best."
Steve pleaded. He cajoled. He begged Jan. He agreed to take three of Wanda's monitor shifts next week, and he's definitely not looking forward to that schedule, but the point is, they're covered. Him and Tony. Short of threats severe enough that they pose a danger to the entire world -- Ultron, Kang, Galactus, Annihilus, Thanos -- everything that happens until five o'clock tomorrow is, blessedly, someone else's problem. Another Avenger will handle it. No one will bother Steve. No one will bother Tony.
But Steve just grinned and stretched lazily. "Want me to go get it? You can make your own personal Captain America poster."
All of Steve's worries dissipated when he glanced down and realized that Tony was very obviously hard. The shape of his cock, pleasantly on the large side, was outlined against the soft fabric of his pants. They were Steve's sleep pants, actually, he realized, and something about that knowledge, the idea that Tony was getting off while wearing Steve's own clothing -- it was like he was touching Tony all over, in the most intimate of ways, a thought that undid him with its sheer eroticism.
This is awful. Steve can't stand to look at him any longer. He focuses his gaze instead on the abandoned circuit board on the workbench that Mr. Stark is leaning heavily on. That seems safer.
"You're not the only person
. If Tony hadn't dodged when he had, that blast would have taken his head off. Steve realized he was digging his fingers into his thigh, hard enough that he was probably going to bruise. It didn't matter. Tony mattered. Tony was the only thing that mattered.
"You're so beautiful," Tony said. "I'm so happy you wanted this. You have no idea." And then he stopped, awkward, because he hadn't meant to say that. It felt too real, too intimate. Even if Steve wanted to do this again, he shouldn't let himself think that it meant that Steve was someone he could keep. It didn't work like that.
Steve has no idea what a fella like Mr. Stark could possibly want with him.
Tony's hand tightened almost convulsively on Steve's, and sadness flashed through his eyes, and Steve didn't understand why, until Tony finally found words. "So if-- if I'd just
This interview would have been much easier to navigate through if Tony hadn't had a damn secret identity. Oh, well. It was what it was.
-- distressed. He'd be wanting to know why those people were dressed like that in public, or not dressed in anything at all, or why they were hitting each other.
There was a pause. "Yeah, I know someone else would have run it if you hadn't. But I'm not
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony promised him, and then he smiled down at Steve. Waiting for the story, the same way they used to recount their dreams or their war stories or their favorite D&D campaigns, to pass those long sleepless nights.
Light-headed, woozy, he staggered. He stumbled. And then he hit the floor.
He took another breath and tried to push the fury away. Then, when he was sure his voice was under control, he lifted his head and spoke. "It's not a crime to have friends. And the position of Avengers chairperson is an elected one. The team takes a vote. If my fellow Avengers didn't have confidence in my judgment, they wouldn't have asked me to lead them time and time again."
He ran out of words. He was breathing hard, like this was the middle of a battle. His heart was pounding. But he'd done it, hadn't he? He'd said the right thing. He'd told them the truth.
And there was nothing Steve could do to stop Tiberius from trying again.
as smart as Reed, honestly." Before Steve could say anything about that, Tony continued, "I'd agree that Ty isn't on Reed's level. I'd agree that no one is, if you want my professional assessment. And furthermore I'm pretty sure Ty would never, ever have been willing to mention anything about a plan that means other people are smarter than him. So I'm pretty close to convinced as-is."
It was Saturday morning; the usual team meeting had been canceled, so the briefing room was an empty place with just Steve and Jan in it. They hadn't had a lot of missions lately, which Steve had been thankful for, because the rest of his life had been quite busy enough. At least he had two good hands again. And he knew he shouldn't even be complaining, because, God, Tony had it so much worse than he did right now. Steve hadn't been able to bring himself to look at the morning papers before his meeting with Jan, in case the news had gotten worse.
He still has no idea what the problem was, but at least Iron Man is nodding now. There's a flash of a smile through the mouth-slit. "Yes," Iron Man says. "I-- I don't think I can ever say no to you, really." He sounds oddly contemplative.
can't hear Ghost's heartbeat. His suit must be muting it specifically. Clever. That was probably how Tony had tracked him while he was invisible, once upon a time. So Ghost has eliminated that weakness. When he's invisible, Steve won't be able to find him.
Tony's answering grin was brilliant. "Nice to know you were paying attention," he said. "I have... a fair amount of fancy underwear. I'd be happy to show you, sometime. If you'd like."
Steve can't help but smile back. "Glad to hear it."
It was going to be okay, Steve told himself. It was a setup. No one was going to be seriously hurt. Tiberius Stone was an asshole and an abuser and Steve had no idea what he was getting out of tormenting Tony, but his tastes in abuse didn't run to physical injury, surely. Steve would have-- he would have noticed. He would have seen something. Wouldn't he?
Tony covered his face with his hands ever so briefly, then held out a palm in the direction of the photographer, trying to ward him away, even though it was too late. "No comment."
He was right, because whatever he said about Tony, Tony would just roll over and take it. He had Tony wrapped around his finger. Tony wasn't going to think he was doing anything wrong. Not now, not ever.
Steve nods once and steps in close. He hikes Tony's leg a little higher, and it's not the most comfortable position Tony's ever been in but also Tony is pretty sure this is going to be over fast. Steve's hands are on Tony's thighs, pushing him open a little more, arranging him exactly how he likes, and Tony has about three seconds to ponder just how good this is going to be, and then Steve slides inside him, slamming home in one deep thrust.
"How much do you believe it?"
He turns, and he has a bandage on his forehead. He's also wearing a hell of a lot of concealer; he hasn't quite blended it properly with his skin, and Steve can see the hint of a bruise still lingering on his cheekbone.
Tony has one hour of blessed privacy once his roommate leaves, and, like any teenage boy, he doesn't have to think about what he's going to do. If he had thought about it, he'd have done something safe, something normal, gone to find a stashed Playboy or Penthouse. But no, Tony reaches for his favorite fantasy, for the pictures of Captain America, and unzips his pants.
At first it didn't make any sense to Steve, because what the hell could a man do with another man that
Next to Steve, the monitor clears itself, displaying a utilitarian login screen.
And then Steve stops short and starts laughing with him, because he's right back where he started: he
Steve understood even better now why Tony hadn't ever come out. This was what they'd have done to him. This and worse.
"Interesting," Steve says, to Ghost, in his best Captain America voice. "That's quite a fervent opinion. Have you considered writing to your elected officials and expressing your views, rather than committing theft? Government is by and for the people, after all. I'm sure your senators would be happy to tell you their position on corporate taxation and anti-trust legislation."
The hand that had been covering Steve's slid up a little, gently splaying over Steve's quivering abdominal muscles. It felt nice. Soothing. Steve let his own hand fall away.
He's kind. He's always been kind.
"No," Tony concludes, finally. "Not by myself."
. It wasn't you anymore. It was him. Laughing at me. And I was still there. Still trapped. It was all a dream." His breath rattled. "And it felt exactly the same when I came out of DreamVision the second time."
Because Baron Zemo just doesn't know when to quit, they're fighting the Masters of Evil. Again.
But the cancer came back.
"Right here in River City," Tony sang, under his breath. "With a capital T, and that rhymes with--" and as he spoke, one of the holographic displays flickered to life, displaying the face of their latest adversary. He faltered. "And that rhymes with, uh, B, and that stands for... um... Baron Mordo?"
Steve finds he can't look away from Tony's lips. He thinks maybe now he doesn't have to. "Would you-- would you mind if I kissed you?"
good aim.
But there's one more reason this should be impossible. All the Lifetime movies about grieving widows and widowers expiring with a cinematic and delicate exhalation of chrysanthemum petals -- they're not only trite, they're a lie. You can't fixate on a dead man. Not when you know they're dead. No one ever has.
Steve doesn't know what to say to that, but Iron Man interrupts his thoughts, stepping back and blowing him a kiss.
But Tony just smiled a little, an absently fond smile, as he ran his thumb over the book cover. He wasn't even looking up. "It's good to know that you're so open-minded," he murmured.
"Still doesn't mean it's a mistake," Steve insisted.
Stephen glances first at Tony; there's a flash of regret in his eyes that Steve, thankfully, doesn't know how to interpret. "For the reversion to work properly, I'll need some time to integrate your memories. It's a delicate task. It will be easiest for both of us if you're unconscious."
"I wish it had been that simple." There was an awful, hollow despair in Tony's eyes. "There's-- there's something
Turning, Steve takes another step toward the doorway. Somewhere behind him, the stool Mr. Stark is sitting on rattles. Steve ignores it.
Oh, Christ, he was serious. What the fuck?
His mind sketches out the scene. That must have been awful for Mr. Stark, if Iron Man came to him asking for help dating a man who'd rejected him. And just because Steve turned the fella down, that doesn't mean he wanted him to suffer for it. Heck, in a different world, in a world where Steve hadn't met Iron Man first, he'd have taken Mr. Stark up on his offer, because it isn't like the man isn't... compelling. He just isn't Iron Man.
Steve could see the shape of the story now. No. Oh, no.
"Good luck." Mr. Stark's smile is thin and wan. "You're going to need it."
"Everything," Tony said, and honesty compelled him to be specific. "Including the, uh. The plug."
"You can touch me, you know," Tony says, amused and nervous at the same time, and Steve realizes Tony's caught him staring. "This is a contact sport."
"I'm sure it'll still feel pretty great," Steve said, which was the truth. Besides, then he might actually last longer than thirty seconds. "And if it's going to make you feel more comfortable, then I'm absolutely in favor of it. Why wouldn't I be?"
When Steve pulls away to let him have some air, they're both panting hard. Tony starts chuckling in between breaths, dizzy and elated.
Tony couldn't mean it like it sounded, but that didn't stop Steve from hoping--
There wasn't really a casual way to say
, hadn't he? He'd only ever been with Tiberius. A decade ago, and then this past week.
The praise warmed Steve's heart. Even if Tony would never mean it the way he wanted it, it was more than enough.
He's seen Tony experience subdrop before. It's been bad. He's damn near positive that Tony's going to drop this time, if Steve has to leave him. And it's going to be terrible.
, but I'm-- I'm just-- I'm not happy."
When Tony lifted his head, he was starting to smile again, ever so slightly. A good sign, Steve thought. There was hope in his eyes. "You think so?"
"Kiss me?" Steve gasps, desperate, because he wants to come like this, wants to feel Tony's mouth on his one more time.
He was kissing like a sub at the beginning of a scene, Tony thought, and he wanted to laugh. Steve was exactly what he wanted. His life had gone from terrible to perfect in the span of twenty seconds.
The shield surrounding him shrank in size, until it was an inch or so above his skin, and then it just sank in, like water absorbed by a sponge. Tony was just going to guess that that wasn't a good sign.
"Just trust me," Tony said, and he unclipped the chains from Steve's ankles, letting the chain slide through the rings and free Steve's legs. "And roll over onto your back. Arms above your head."
Tony stepped forward. "Actually," Tony said, trying for the most innocent voice he could muster, "that's my riding crop. I left it here by accident. Sorry."
And then there's a knock on the door.
. Victims of Hanahaki disease, in addition to being near-uniformly post-pubescent at the time of onset, always fixate on someone they know personally, with a decent degree of familiarity. It's unrequited love, yes, but it's almost as if the disease wants to give them a fair shot.
"I know he isn't available." Mordo sounded vexed. "That is my doing, Captain. Are you not at all frightened by someone who has made short work of the Sorcerer Supreme himself?"
Tony likes to be touched. That's not a secret. There are, of course, the rare occasions where a touch trips something inside Tony, some terrible memory, and he has to pull back and get his bearings. They actually have a special safeword for that.
Steve didn't have to wonder who had taught him that.
Slowly, he pulled Tony's briefs over his hips; Tony rocked pleasantly against him until he could free them entirely, and then Tony kicked them off and-- yeah, Tony was definitely very hard. His cock was heavy and dark, just as large as Steve had thought. He liked the size of him. Tony had trimmed the hair down there a little -- not shaved all the way off, but he'd clearly neatened everything up. Steve realized, a little self-consciously, that he hadn't. Had he been supposed to do that? Did other men care about that kind of thing?
He realized that he knew now what he'd done wrong then. He'd seen how Tony had treated Carol. He knew how Carol had talked about it to him. He'd judged Tony. He'd thought it was a failing, a moral failing. He'd thought that because Tony was smart, he should have known it was destroying him. He thought now that Tony had already known. Tony couldn't control whether he wanted it. That wasn't possible. But he could control whether he did something about it. It seemed like it had taken a while for even Tony to figure that part out. And if-- if Tony slipped again, it would be because he was hurting, and he didn't know how else to make the pain stop. Steve couldn't judge him for wanting that, either. It wasn't as if he knew how to make Tony stop hurting.
. I'm glad that when you realized you loved men, it wasn't him. I'm glad that you had a love that made you feel brave and strong and-- and happy." He remembered how Tony has stood up to Tiberius last night. "A love that taught you that
"With your eyes shut?" Steve raised an eyebrow. He didn't quite see how Tony could do that.
It couldn't be a mistake. Love wasn't a mistake. Maybe Tony had fallen for people he shouldn't have. Maybe more than once. But that didn't mean the problem was love. Or Tony. The problem was everyone else.
Tony's gaze was still distant. "I always liked it too, honestly. I liked it a hell of a lot more before last night, though." His eyes fell briefly shut. "Because who was I going to tell about this revelation other than my best friend in the entire world, right?"
Steve hadn't seen him smile like that since-- well, since before Rumiko had left him, at least. It had been longer than that, actually, now that Steve thought about it. There had been that mess with the Sentient Armor a few weeks ago, and after that Tony had definitely stopped smiling, and he'd started buttoning his shirts all the way up again. Steve gathered, based on Tony's report, that there had been some kind of cardiac damage. Again. Tony hadn't offered many details, and Steve hadn't asked.
"Shh," Steve breathed, against Tony's hair. "Shh, shh, shh, it's okay. No apologies necessary." He wasn't sure Tony heard the words. He wasn't sure it mattered. "I've got you, okay? I've got you."
"You don't need one right now," Tony assures him. "Just say yes."
Tony was smiling.
Tony trusted Damage Control. Of course he did; they were, at least partially, his company. But as he stood on Fifth Avenue looking up at the utter ruin that the Masters of Evil had made of Avengers Mansion, it was hard to see how even they could put it back together.
He wasn't.
It's their anniversary. All Steve wanted was to make Tony happy tonight. This is what he gets instead. Despair runs through him. But he stands tall and hefts the shield again, because he's the only one who can do this. Steve looks over at Tony. He wishes he could comfort Tony. But he can't. Not like this. His eyes meet the eye-slits of Tony's mask, and he desperately wills Tony to understand, to know that he's with him. He's here.
More color flooded Tony's face. "I thought you weren't one for reading the tabloids."
"Really," Steve said. "I mean, I don't keep them for their artistic value, obviously" -- and, yep, he was blushing again -- "but they're absolutely under there."
working.
about it. Iron Man's breaths are loud, heavy exhalations, fuzzing the speakers, like he's been running. His voice is raspy. Is he sick? Is he injured? What's happened to him?
Tony nodded slowly. "Okay."
Goddamn Tiberius Stone. Damn him
Here's one of those things that not many people know about Tony: he doesn't like being carried. That's not exactly the right word. He'll tolerate it, sometimes, if he's on the battlefield and it's plainly apparent that he's injured, but he's uncomfortable with it. He hates needing it. He hates asking for it. While Steve thinks a lot of people don't like being carried, in general, Tony hates it in very specific ways, and Steve's not sure all of it is actual hatred, or that it had been hatred all along. But it's all tangled in shame now. Even before the paralysis, someone somewhere in Tony's past had taught him that he was less of a man if he couldn't stand on his own two feet.
Oh, how he wished. God, he wished it could be Steve. It wasn't that Tony hadn't entertained the idea. Mostly he'd tried not to entertain the idea, because while thinking about Steve -- naked, bound, and begging to be allowed to please him -- had been responsible for several truly excellent orgasms in his life, he'd always felt so goddamn guilty when he was done because he knew Steve didn't like him like that. Steve didn't like men like that. Steve didn't like kink like that. He knew Steve wouldn't have liked anything about that.
Oh, it's not like Steve didn't know it was something Tony liked. Sure, Tony's spent years grousing about physical therapy and Steve knows it's not like that always feels great, but he also knows Tony is the kind of fella who occasionally buys himself professional massages. Tony likes being touched, a lot; of course he likes that. That just makes it even weirder that Steve hasn't offered it sometime this year. It would have been okay.
He took a ragged breath and found the last bit of strength within him. "I like when you touch me," he told Steve. "Feels nice."
Daring, he closed his hand around Tony's cock. Tony's eyes fluttered shut, and he moaned and pushed up into Steve's hand, just a little. Tony was circumcised, but other than that it felt pretty much exactly like touching himself. The familiarity was a comfort, and Tony's response was flattering. Tony seemed to like to stay fairly quiet -- he definitely wasn't as chatty as Steve was -- but he moaned and thrust into Steve's grip, and he was still smiling. It was easy to tell that he was having a good time.
Steve was pushing his underwear all the way off, baring a pale thatch of hair and, slowly, the sizable shaft of his cock, and Tony momentarily forgot everything else he'd been talking about.
Tony took a lurching step away from him. "Bedroom's that way?"
Steve taps Tony lightly, both because that's an actual massage technique and also to get his attention. "Hey. Tell me if I'm hurting you, okay?"
"Just for you," Steve said, but then he felt like he also had to admit the rest. "Okay, maybe it's not entirely altruistic. It's, um, a big fantasy for me." Damn, there he was again, blushing. "That, um. That act specifically, I mean. Probably my all-time biggest fantasy."
"Nothing to be sad about," Steve tells him. It's difficult to form words. "So don't be sad, 'Venger."
"Go on, then," Iron Man mutters. "I know it looks stupid. I can see your face, you know."
The frown Steve gives him is dubious. "Anesthesia doesn't work so well on me."
Tony had raised his head and was regarding him curiously. "Really? That fast?" he asked, intrigued, and then he smiled. "I mean, obviously, yes, really, I can see you, but wow. That's--"
he was going to open it.
"Nobody tells you no."
When Steve slides into the back seat, he discovers that he isn't alone. That's Mr. Stark's own driver up front.
Tony blinks at him. "Yes?" he says, uncomprehending. "I told you that."
Steve throws his shield directly at Ghost's head.
Tony laughed softly. "I think you know the answer to that," he breathed. His hips bumped against Steve's and, yeah, Tony was getting hard again. So was Steve, actually. Steve was definitely leaking against Tony's pants, actually. "Oh, you definitely know the answer to that," Tony said, and heat coursed through Steve. "Mmm. Yeah. That's nice. It'd be even nicer if I were wearing fewer clothes, I think. What do you think?"
