Gently, John found himself running his fingers through tangled curls, brushing through them with a care as Sherlock just held on.
John laughed, he laughed and looked up his hands clenching once again.
"I love you." Sherlock responded with a gentle kiss.
"Sherlock are you sure about this?" asked John, for the fourth time that morning.
"Yes, though I don’t know much about them."
"Sherlock..."
"Okay...now take me to bed husband, three weeks is far too long!"
"But he nodded when I asked if I could touch him."
"Lestrade...he words for NYS."
“You think they're from down there originally? Or from... you know.” Sally finally asks pointing upward.
“What happened?” He asked as his hands started to pull at Sherlock’s jacket to get at whatever was bleeding.
But there was more.
"Are you sure?"
With that Mycroft left leaving a Sherlock who had nothing but the ripped and worn clothes he had on his back and a very ill and damaged John in the room just behind him.
"Oh...right, thanks." John nodded before walking back the way he came and headed towards the conservatory. It was located at the other end of the house allowing for the early moring light to warm it.
Reaching out he ran his finger over one of the bolts then moved it to the floor and just started to pick away at flakes of concrete.
met, and we decided to move into these rooms at Baker Street together."
I trailed off again to look thoughtfully into my wine glass. After a beat, Mycroft spoke.
I was startled by the gentle earnestness of his statement. I swallowed hard.
I shivered and nodded.
"My dear Sherlock," Mycroft said, "there are certain affairs that do
Mycroft laughed softly and shook his head.
"I'm so sorry, John," he said. His tone was gentle, but it wavered slightly, and that certainly did not help my delicate state of mind. "Good Lord, I should have insisted on staying with you.
"It's my leg," I gasped. "One of those... horrible spasms.
Holmes led me to my bedroom with one hand placed against my back. His gentle care for me was quite appreciated; my stomach still churned a bit and my thoughts were getting unpleasantly fuzzy. I all but collapsed onto my bed when it was within reach and closed my eyes; I did not even bother to pull the covers out from underneath myself. I didn't think I'd have the proper energy to do so, in any case.
I flung open the door and found myself immediately regretting the decision to find Holmes. There, lying upon the bed with the sheets draped with the utmost care over her, was the young woman in question. She did not stir at my entrance, for she still must have been quite unconscious. A quick glance informed me that her nightgown had not been removed, but this offered little reassurance to me.
I wondered again.
"Oh, you don't need to convince
"The two of them had always been fond of one another," he said. "They met as children and were practically inseparable. I even remember some of the games they used to play. Sherlock would dress up as Captain Ahab and Victor was his first mate, Starbuck. Sometimes they would go into the garden at our family's ancestral home, looking for the Great White Whale or even hidden treasure. A few years passed, and there were some unknown circumstances that forced the Trevor family to move elsewhere. Something to do with Victor's father, I believe, although I never got a satisfactory answer. Sherlock and Victor didn't meet again until Oxford. It was, to my mind, only natural and fitting that the two of them should become reacquainted and this time, fall in love.
"Oh, of course!" Holmes replied. "You said yourself that eleven men died for her hand in marriage...not necessarily counting the twelfth one in this case, of course. I think a bad omen like that should be taken seriously, don't you?"
He stopped to take a deep, steadying breath.
I turned to glance at Holmes. His lips were pursed in concentration, and beneath his cap, I could see his eyes carefully scanning the length and breadth of the dilapidated structure before us.
The whole affair was suspicious and troubling. Holmes decided that the best course would be for the three of us to visit Ashdown Street together. In just a brief time, we had all bundled ourselves into a carriage and were whisking across London to investigate the strange building that Gabrielle Valladon had described.
, I wondered? What if, by some accidental slip of the tongue, one of the dancers told the wrong person about Holmes and I? What would we do if the police
be free to love who they choose, without judgment or fear from anyone else."
As for myself, I would be settling down to spend a portion of my night keeping watch over our unexpected and deeply shaken guest.
, my dear fellow."
"Is this all right?" I asked, my voice quiet and shaking.
At this forceful assertion, Holmes tipped his head to one side. I could not see his face from the armchair where I sat, but the movement suggested to me that he was both intrigued and suspicious of his brother's defensive demeanor.
Holmes and I exchanged looks of confusion. What could this be about, then? I held Holmes' gaze for another moment, then nodded, signaling that I would be all right. I felt him give my shoulder a light, comforting squeeze as he departed the room.
I mumbled my agreement, but I was still a bit put out at the insinuation that
"Dear God...can you even
He returned my smile, and I almost gave in to the urge to kiss him once again. Instead, I reached my hand across the table and laid it over his own.
It thrilled me sincerely to hear him speak about those feelings between us. Until several hours past, I had not really considered the possibility that Holmes experienced the same depth of feeling for me as I always had for him. A handful of times over the years, perhaps, I might have fancied that a certain glance or remark from him had meant more than he was letting on. But I had dismissed those musings just as swiftly as they entered my mind. Now, to consider that these may have been subtle hints on Holmes' part, it seemed as though that terrible weight on my soul was lifting more and more by the moment.
of doing such a thing! Why should any person be punished for feelings that are beyond their control? I must keep hope that this odious, narrow-minded society will one day open its eyes and realize that human beings should
, mind you, for even I can see that she's an attractive woman. But how would you feel, Watson, if a complete stranger told you out of the blue that they wanted you to father their child? It was all just too much. So, after you burst into the room like that tonight, I seized on the first idea that came to my mind."
Holmes dropped his hands away. I heard the familiar sigh of fabric behind me, followed by a soft
So even with that terror weighing so solidly upon me, threatening to unsettle my nerves and my hope, this was something I vowed that I would do everything to fight for.
Only a fool would not be able to recognize the implications brought about by such claims. Somehow, Holmes must have indicated that he and I were together--as a couple--and that he fancied me in some romantic fashion. Were these supposed feelings he had true, I wondered? Had he always felt this way about our relationship? And if so, why had he confided these feelings with utter strangers before confiding them with me?
to help
I didn't have the resolve to look him in the face as I spoke, so I kept my eyes trained on my fidgeting hands. I cleared my throat and went on, "Before I left the concert hall tonight, I was speaking to that man Rogozhin. An interesting fellow, I must say. He... he told me about something that you had said which surprised me. Something about... the two of us."
Holmes stepped forward. He had shed his jacket and unbuttoned his vest earlier. His cuffs had also been undone, and he'd rolled the sleeves up to his elbows to keep them out of the way of his instruments. Holmes' hair was a bit disheveled as well, and he unsuccessfully tried to fix this by brushing the fringe away from his forehead. His eyebrows pinched together in concern as he approached the tub.
"I take it you're... you're accepting of us, then?" I asked. "You won't turn us in to the police?"
"Perhaps her memory will return in the morning," I said. "For now, I think we should let her rest."
," I breathed, letting my head fall back even more. I trembled as a strand of his hair brushed against my temple.
I expressed as much to Holmes as the two of us entered the Diogenes Club together. We had thought it best to take Madame Valladon back to Baker Street, as our visit here may have caused her undue distress. Upon hearing my concerns, Holmes rolled his eyes in exasperation.
I thought glumly.
I smiled then. It was not difficult at all for me to remember the first time that I realized the depth of my emotions for Holmes--seeing him so sincerely invested in his work, running amongst the test tubes and other chemical instruments in the laboratory at St. Bartholomew's; his hearty smile and firm handshake upon our friend Stamford introducing us to one another. I often returned to my first published account,
house!"
like to try and discuss it," I began. My voice wavered, threatening to shrivel back into my throat, but I pressed on regardless. "But please understand, Holmes, that this won't be easy for me. I don't even know where to
The men of the company circled loosely around us as Rogozhin spoke. They were all quite handsome, well-built young men; up close, I could appreciate even further the delicate handiwork of their costumes and the subtle placement of makeup on their cheekbones. The whole effect was quite remarkable--whoever kept up the appearances of all the dancers truly knew what they were doing.
Sherlock, as he stood up and walked out the door, let a tear fall down his cheek as he heard her last breath be exhaled out.
John quickly hung up and opened the bathroom door to see Greg with a bunch of police officers by Joan's cell. He went up to Greg first and pulled at his arm.
"Your murderer is a parent at the daycare. The woman was unhappy about the care her child received from this particular care giver and she lashed out by dropping off a toy that was laced with a poison I'm not sure which one have Anderson find it, maybe if we're lucky he will get infected because of his low IQ. Point of the matter is you must interrogate every parent there and make sure no child goes to it." Sherlock said as he slowly grabbed John's arm and looped it with him. "Now if you don't mind us, we have to save our daughter from a possible murderer."
"Well Sherlock we aren't actually, you know, husbands. I.... I just want to make that clear to you." John said with slight hesitation.
Sherlock shook his head. "If it was you and Rosie, and somebody was in my shoes, they would've done the same thing John."
Finally, Sherlock quickly moved so his arms were on either side of John's head, pinning him there, face close. "I wasn't, jealous."
"So then, uh, how do you get these, um, organic herbs pumped through your body?" John asked as he eyed Joan's movements as she examined everyone until she finally locked eyes with John.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
His hand went behind John's body, almost pinning him against the cupboard, earning a nervous gulp from John as he shrunk slightly against the counter. Damnit John, come on! You can't just submit to him like that! John whimpered to himself. But Sherlock wasn't doing anything.... sexual to say. For he removed his arm and had a piece of bacon and he smiled, winked, and took a bite of the food and walked away. John blinked in confusion, arousal, and just a tad of anger because his face was as red as a tomato! There was a awkward cough from the doorway and John saw Greg with a blush going to the tips of his ears as he stared at the floor.
Sherlock smiled fondly at that. "No, John. I've gotten myself in enough trouble, haven't I?"
"But you go crazy for solving crimes, Sherlock. That's YOUR drug. Sure creating drugs is a bonus on your part but with the two and two together I thought it would be right up your alley."
John was still angry and stunned but mutely nodded and picked up Rosie, putting her into Joan's smirking face. Sherlock gently grabbed John's hand and led them to the back of the room with a door for privacy.
Suddenly, the two of them stood up at the same time, their chests touching and faces close together. John could feel Sherlock's heart beat against his chest and his warm breath against his cheek. He slowly raised a hand, and pushed back a strand of hair out of Sherlock's face. Sherlock blinked in surprise at that but remained still as his eyes traveled to John's lips.
John nodded and quickly held Sherlock's hand. "I'm always gonna be here Sherlock, you know that right?"
Greg chuckled and scratched the back of his neck. "Yeah it's ok. Hello to you as well! Speaking of, you owe me $40 once for Sherlock shouting at us to do it correctly and another $20 cause he obviously got jealous from giving mouth to mouth."
Everything was silent. The faint sound of the ambulance was merely a whisper as all of the boys stared at the bottle. John was pale but kept his eyes open a crack to watch what was happening while Sherlock was holding the antidote with shaking hands, sweat dripping down his body in pearls. Mycroft and Greg were keeping their eyes narrowed; cautious and torn of what to do.
Sherlock set his jaw. "I'm going to talk to her first."
'Training.'
"What do you want Graham?" Sherlock hisses.
"Can you stop being so philosophical and help me with John?! He's trying to say something everyone shut up." Sherlock shouted as John weakly gripped Sherlock's shirt.
John weakly pushed Sherlock to the side with a giggle. "No no we- Sherlock stop- we will be ready to- Sherlock not thERE- ok just give us a minute to settle down- holy fuck- yeah just give me a minute." John gasped out.
"I prefer the term bitch," Sherlock said smugly despite the symptoms becoming more and more apparent. "but Joan I knew it was you from the beginning. You have no chance at winning now that the gas mask is gone. The drug is already in your system and the mask would undoubtedly be contaminated. So give up, treat everyone here, and continue on with your life. I won't arrest you if you save their lives."
John shook his head fondly. "I've waited, let's see, an hour for you to be home? I ordered Indian food but you probably already ate-"
"Sherlock?"
He could imagine it perfectly; Susan was closing up the daycare after every child was taken home and every employee clocked out for the night. She was nervous and needed to relax with some sort of drug.
"Well boys have fun, just come down when you're... relieved. We have two murders to solve gentlemen." Mycroft said as he scribbled down a check and handed it to Greg who just frowned at it, mumbling about how he could buy a dinner for the two of them with this money.
"Sorry I'm just, uh... getting ahead of myself." John mumbled as Sherlock just frowned and looked down suddenly noticing that there was an added tension to the ex soldier's pants.
Mycroft nodded along in fake interest as he pulled a chair up right next to Greg's. "I can help with it as I am known to be quite skillful in this area. By my knowledge, it appears the only way to get this done is by dinner, with me, at 7 down at the Royal Oak."
"You'll always be my best friend cause you're all I have." Sherlock spoke softly as he caresses John's cheek with a small smile.
"Good morning." Sherlock said evenly.
"How about husband?"
-------------------------
"That's called being overly happy, Sherlock." John whispered back.
"John I want you to know, whatever happens in there, it is not your fault and I will be okay and you must not meddle."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John groaned as he started to drag himself to the door but Joan just slowly followed him. "John John John, do you think of me as that dumb or do you think you can try and leave? The mediation isn't over until I say it's over. And by over I mean one of these lucky ladies gets to leave tonight and not come back. I can let you choose John, if you want. Who would it be? Maria? Susanna? Katie? Julia? Or would you rather just sacrifice yourself as the good little solider you are?"
John shook his head and squeezed Sherlock's hands. "I'm not going to be happy if you keep running away. Us together is the safest thing we got. I know that sounds bizarre but we are better together than apart."
"Sherlock? What, what do you mean?" John asked in almost a whisper.
Sherlock didn't know what to do. Honestly what was left to do? Tell John he screwed up and killed someone to save his life? No, Sherlock would be called selfish and would be thoroughly reminded that John is a soldier and is meant to die for other people for the sake of everyone he loves. What about telling Lestrade or Mycroft about it? No, they would most likely arrest him in a heartbeat therefore also telling John about it and then looping back to reason 1 as to why Sherlock shouldn't say anything. But he couldn't just sit there with the antidote in his hand. No, he had to talk to HER. Joan was still having the meeting and something was up with the fact that nobody remembered the meeting. So Sherlock had to talk to John before he didn't know either. Walking back down the stairs and into the streets, he saw John holding Rosie with a smile on his face as Rosie playfully grabbed his nose. He smiled in response to his daughter's antics and pretended he didn't understand what had happened. Sherlock didn't understand it. Growing up he didn't really have that loving treatment that John was showing to Rosie because he didn't crave it like most babies. Yes one can ask or argue as to how a baby can crave something such as affection but it's quite obvious. Babies will cry if they are hungry or need to be changed. Babies will whine or gurgle if they want to be picked up or paid attention to. And yet Sherlock never did that. He apparently was rather quiet and chose to do things by himself even if it was difficult because that was how he was. Rosie smiles and cries for her father and now Sherlock seems to find himself doing the same thing to John. He killed someone, (yes without realizing it but that's beside the point) for John not only a day ago and now just looking at John's treatment of Rosie, he was beginning to crave that same affection he lost years ago. But that wasn't the issue at hand. No, right now he had to go and ask John about his bloody job and then later on worry about the top, bottom, and all the in-betweens. After seemingly gawking for hours, Sherlock joined John in his playful interaction with Rosie. Clearing his throat, Sherlock folded his hands in his lap and waited as John turned around, startled at first to see him there.
"I will then tell John I will watch Rosie. You can't win this one Sherlock, just let the police do their job."
"John?" Joan asked, appearing right next to him.
Greg sighed and just nodded along before glancing back at the woman. "It's sad though. I mean with all the murders going on I would think they would have a heart for the ones with children. I mean honestly who could be so-"
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and nodded. "Come now, do you honestly think I am just going to go in like a madman?"
John's laugh faded slightly. "Yeah... uh sorry about that I didn't mean to draw too much attention."
"Sherlock! God don't scare me like that!" He laughed. "What are you doing sneaking up on me like that?"
TO BE CONTINUED yet again! I am so sorry I haven't uploaded as my schedule has been booked to no end but I am on vacation right now so I have the time so here is another chapter! As always your comments help me a lot as well as the kudos! Love you all :)
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at Mycroft with a warning. "No, it doesn't make sense why she suddenly killed two people. She probably was after John, that much has to be true, but I took the antidote from one woman which would mean one death but another woman has died due to the same reason and my question is why she suddenly would not give out antidotes to two people instead of one. She's changing her ways and how she is going about it all."
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Sherlock. "That is none of your business."
Okay! So authors note really quickly, I did research on Ketamine so ya'll better be grateful that my Internet history now has some..... interesting stuff on it. Anyways just to clarify, Sherlock is now a suspect in John's mind because Sherlock was involved in a drug deal with Kat in which he gave her Ketamine. Ketamine, by the way, is a form of anesthetic which can cause hallucination, anxiety, depression, bleeding, swelling, passing out, and other side effects. BY THE WAY, in no way do I condone doing drugs! Plz don't think I'm a secret drug dealer :0
"Shut up." John hissed. "Joan what do you mean? I know he has had drug deals in the past but he's past all that."
Sherlock clenched his fists and smacked them on the table. "Listen, Joan. You just need to admit your faults and we can all be done with this. I'm not asking you to tell everyone what you did, I'm ordering you, Joan."
"So any ideas of the murderer?" John said through a mouthful of rice.
"That's it." Sherlock exclaims.
Sherlock flinched away. "What do you mean by that Graham?"
Sherlock grumbled but nonetheless nodded and took John's hand, laying a kiss on it. "See you then."
Sherlock turned around a cracked a smirk. "Hello John."
John, who had been looking at the body frowned. "Uh, why?"
The minute John walked into the meeting, something seemed off. Looking around, almost every other chair was not being sat on. Joan was at the front at a single chair facing everybody else. There were machines around the room like ventilation tanks with some sort of air inside of it, floating particles visible there as though something was crushed and put into a vapor form. John carefully sat down close to the back as Joan cleared her throat and smiled at everyone.
"I don't have time for this, john please deal with my brother's hormones, they're very frayed already so try and be harsh." Mycroft said as he shoved his hand in his pocket and turned around, walking in the opposite direction.
"Poor kid." Greg whispered as he appeared next to John who looked like he would throw up.
John chuckled likely. "You can say that again about annoying. I have found body parts in my fridge and-"
John just shrugged. "No I get it.... listen, I need to explain myself-"
"SHERLOCK." John snapped loudly.
John angrily looked at the ceiling and whispered some obscenities before just sighing. "Fine, okay? Just please apologize."
Mrs. Hudson let out a soft laugh and heard her walk around. "Well I thought you forgot about your little angel."
Joan chuckled and held his hand. "Oh John, you're very clueless if you don't know what Sherlock does behind your back. He's been supplying me with it. After I saw him give it to Kat, I threatened that I would kidnap Rosie so he just gave me some. I then examined the compound and created my own. But this time nobody is safe from it. But it's ok John, I can tell you this because you won't make it back to 221B after all of it is pumped through your system."
"Did you know, he earned $240 in the past week? Absolutely odd how he gets all of it. My guess is he's in some sort of relationship where he gives affection in return for money." Sherlock remarked as he took his socks off, ignoring the growing blush on John's face.
"But that's because they love each other and are married! We AREN'T Sherlock! Or have you forgotten that?' John said, his voice a loud whisper. "We've done this charade for too long. I call us family because we are... but it's not  the same. You don't kill people, normal people don't do that."
Sherlock pauses. "What?"
John froze, his fork halfway to his mouth. "W-what?"
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Not in the slightest but if you must know, John found out about the dead woman incident and basically told me to leave him and his 'family' alone."
John frowned and looked over at Joan. "But Sherlock was the one who knew all of it-"
John bit his lip trying not to laugh. "Sherlock it was just a smile!"
The woman walked over and smiled at John. "Hello! So your Sherlock's husband correct?"
Sherlock stood up abruptly and stared at John for a minute before turning sharply to Mycroft and Greg. "You two watch over him and I swear if you let him die I will cast you off to an island with no civilization causing you to die slowly and painfully. Do I make myself clear?"
Sherlock frowned. "But what would I do?"
"I KNOW THAT, JOHN."
"Thank you John for agreeing." Sherlock said with a smile and left the apartment with a glaring John following him and a smirking Mrs. Hudson watching the boys bicker.
"Sherlock? You alright? What do you mean by 'she killed two' there's only been the murder with the child-"
"No." Sherlock said abruptly, still staring at her. "It's obvious. She had the same symptoms, same poison, same everything. She is just like the rest but somebody didn't play along with her game so our culprit decided to just kill off another one."
Joan smiles and leans back. "Technically I never killed anyone, I only brought them back to life. Sure, the drugs went through my little ventilation system but I 1. Did not make the drug and 2. Did not put said drugs into the system. The other girl who was with me was the one who turned on the system and let it through the air. Should I give the name, too, as to who made the drugs in the first place?"
Sherlock did know he should probably not go but if somebody else invited him to go somewhere then it's only human decency to agree to the terms. So therefore if this little meeting went up in flames, Sherlock couldn't be blamed.... who is he kidding he would be blamed even if he wasn't there. He focused on how to talk to Joan when he gets there but he had no idea where to even start. If he just waltzed in there shouting at her about how she was a killer of more than five women he would most likely be restrained. But if he didn't go and make a fuss then 1. People would wonder if he was the real Sherlock 2. Nobody would know that she tried to kill him. As the car drove in silence, Sherlock kept glancing at John and back at everyone else. What were they thinking? Was John still mad at him? What was their relationship? Despite him being a genius, Sherlock had no idea how to solve this one. The car ride remained silent and soon Sherlock just drifted into thought. Meanwhile, John, who was seated next to him, was thinking about everything going on. Yes the two of them have gone through a lot from being poisoned to now getting dragged away from their semi normal life and into talking to some lady he really wasn't in the mood to see. Besides that, John remembered that the woman they have to talk to, literally tried to kill him and Sherlock. This isn't really in the hypothetical agreement he signed. John shook his head absent mindedly as the car slowed to a stop.
There was some grumbling on the other line while Sherlock tapped his foot impatiently, John pinched the bridge of his nose, and Greg glared at Sherlock. The officer finally looked up again and nudged his head towards the left.
The men get out of the car with Greg in the lead. As they near the station, a sense of tension fills the air. What was going to happen in there? They had the gas mask, the potions, and two witnesses but how would that be enough especially considering Sherlock's record? Greg opened the door to the questioning room and there were a bunch of people in uniform standing behind the glass window where Joan's wrist were shackled and she was sat in a chair with a small desk, her hands folded on top of it.
"Sherlock and John Watson." Sherlock responded instantly.
"What the hell are we going to do now? If John can't remember what happened at Joan's meeting we won't know how the bloody hell she is sending out these toxins into people! And I can't just flounce in there and say that she's a murderer- god this is fantastic! Not at all boring." Sherlock shouted as he fluffed his hair in exasperation.
Greg giggled as he took a sip of beer. "Oh? And what's that? Not paying the bill?"
(10:10am)
“Arghh then what is the point of you.” Sherlock pulls his hand free then starts to pull at his IV lines.
"Let me." Sherlock said replacing John’s hand with his own. As he moved his hand in time with his thrusts John arched his back, the movement causing Sherlock to hit John’s prostate rather than brush against. This happened twice more then John was coming  hard, his muscle clenching around Sherlock which had him falling over the edge, John's name on his lips as then rode out their orgasms together.
"That is rather advanced storage you have there. What exactly is on that sub that needs something so advanced to hold it?"
“Yep.” John confirmed as he started to wiggle about, causing Sherlock to open his eyes and move so that the two of them could lay facing each other.
Maddie for her part just nodded. She did indeed look as though she was running on fumes and as soon as she pulled the sheet over herself she was asleep.
John woke to fingers in his hair, the moved slowly, pulling gently on the strands letting them fall back into place before the fingers delved back in and started the process all over again.
The kiss was harsh, intence, without boundaries and most definitely without hesitation. Sherlock pushed back till John was on his back his legs settling inbetween John's, their hips lining up perfectly. John moaned as Sherlock delved his tongue into his mouth, the muscle licking and searching, toying with John's own tongue.
Sally shook her head with a smile. “Okay, good enough reason. Then what?”
"Your boyfriend still a little week." Moran said with a smile as John closed the distance and draped Sherlock’s arm around his own shoulder and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist allowing the taller man to lean on him.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes his fists clenching tightly.
"Not better than me." Sherlock almost hissed before storming pass John and heading to the control room.
"We are safe, I helped you get out remember."
"Yes love, I know. Does that mean you will marry me?"
"Not a lot." John shrugged, the movement reminding him of the IV line attached to his arm. He refused all drink and food and so fluids where constantly attached to him and a feeding tube had been forced into him. He had pulled it out serval times, same with the IV line, but they always made sure to put it back.
His phone somehow appeared in his hand and then it was ringing, then he was talking, relaying details, location, incident, what he needed, what he needed five minutes ago damn it! Send everyone! Send the life boat, helicopter, everything!
"I see, so you were just wanting to use me to do what you couldn't." Anger started to cloud his voice.
Of course it was the son, cut off from his vast trust fund, in debt from gambling and drugs, took the necklace with the intent to sell it for the highest bid. So a four, but they had enough money to pay the rent for at least the next two years.
"Because you are my greats weakness as well as my biggest strength. They would have used you and I...I would have given them everything."
The TV showed the Explorer through a long shot, also showing that it now had a few naval vessels also running along with her. When it cut to the reported he was being hit hard by rain and clutching the microphone as though the wind could blow it from his hands at any given moment. He is stood on one of the naval ships, the Explorer seen in the distance behind him.
John took a step forward to which Sherlock shook his head, it was a small movement but John caught it, he understood it so he stopped and just held his ground.
"Okay, so when Mycroft gets here you can go home, sleep, shower whatever you want." Sherlock said as he pulls the laptop back to himself.
As he found cover he fell against one of the machines and looked down at his arm, hissing as he placed his hand over it.
"But there is so much." Sherlock said, to both her and John's surprise.
"What...is your name?"
Turning the submersible slightly the spotlight flares back from the great brass screw of the Montana.
John holds back, his hand still on Sherlock’s arm, causing them to fall behind the others.
"Right." Sherlock nodded, he was still trying to place his mask back into place, but John's blues eyes seemed to see everything as they watch him and each time he thought he had succeeded, John brushed it away keeping him bare.
“Course you do. Between you and Mycroft’s CCTV footage you will work it out.”
"Fine...I'll talk to you." He said sharply.
Lestrade held up a hand as the sound of footsteps and muttered words could be heard from the halls just around the corner from the one he was in. His men instantly stopped, each find a position and holding it as still as possible as they waited.
"No...John, no-" Sherlock reached out then but stopped just an inch from John's arm. "Cathy said to wait, that I should let you-"
John looks up as Sherlock walks in and comes to sit next to him watching with John for a while before sighing.
"Are you okay? " John asks as he gently untangles a few curls and puts them back in place.
"John thought you forgot them. He had been unsure wether to ask you about them or not so I told him I would."
"What? What do you want?" John gasped as Sherlock shifted, causing their growing erections to brush together through their clothing.
"Sherlock? Your name? It's Sherlock?"
"Soon." She said with a smile. "First, can you tell me what triggered the flashback?"
John tighten his grip on the gun, his aim not once wavering even as pain radiated down his arm.
"Sir, are you injured too?" A paramedic asked as he came to kneel next to John who had been doing a rather good job and hiding everything in favour of Sherlock getting all the attention.
Falling into his chair John lowers his head into his hands as tears start to gather and fall.
Sherlock glared at him, the gact his phone was on was the only reason John saw it. Seconds later however darkness once again prevailed and once his eyes had adjusted he could see the stars for miles all around him.
"Yeah...Star Wars marathon it is then."
As Ari kissed at Sherlock neck, her hands playing with his nipples, John moved down, kissing the flat stomach, his hands skimming skin, the both of them causing waves of shock through Sherlock body. Looking down at John, Ari watched as he took Sherlock cock into his mouth, her own mouth watering to taste, but instead she caught the gasp Sherlock let lose, kissing him hard.
When Holmes discovered a wedding band on Gabrielle's person and mentioned the name Emil, a flicker of recognition seemed to pass through the young lady.
Soon, the opening lay unobstructed for us. Holmes swung himself onto the ledge and dropped down into the room first. He landed gracefully on his feet, and soon waved at us to follow him when he straightened up.
"You see?" said Holmes lightly. "You're in no state for courtship."
Clearing my throat, I turned my attention back to Rogozhin.
There are pieces of the original dialogue in here, but some of it has been tweaked for the sake of the story. (I've also added several things, of course!)
The appearance of Gabrielle Valladon that night was, of course, quite a shock to myself and Holmes.
Holmes stood up and approached Mycroft calmly. "Speaking of limits, what exactly is 'Jonah Limited'?"
Holmes had thrown on his own robe, a pale, dusty brown one that flattered him superbly. He had also neglected to tidy up his hair; those wild, messy curls had often been quite distracting to me, in that Holmes seemed to become even more handsome with an untamed look. Today was certainly not the exception in this regard.
We had just begun to settle down for the evening--I by recording some thoughts in my journal next to the fireplace, and Holmes by playing a livelier piece on his violin--when Mrs. Hudson announced the arrival of a cab driver with a most unusual package.
to come up with some other explanations before that," he protested. "But I certainly didn't realize the damned fool would decide to go and blab about this to everyone! So, I suppose there will be a little gossip about us in St. Petersburg for a time. But I don't know what--"
made toward Victor and my brother, if they did not end their relationship immediately. That they would be exposed, be made outcasts of society, and all of that insufferable nonsense. I loathe to think what exactly might have happened to
I let out a small noise of surprise, which soon turned into a chuckle. Now I understood what Rogozhin had meant by his comments regarding Holmes and Madame Petrova. My shoulders slumped a little with relief.
I took it without comment. I lifted it to my face to wipe away the sweat. As I pulled the handkerchief away, it dawned on me that the droplet was not sweat after all, but a tear that had fallen from my eye.
"By whose authority?" Holmes pressed.
He had anticipated our arrival, a fact that he’d made clear with his letter at Ashdown, and he greeted us amicably enough at first. The three of us even enjoyed some fine Madeira from 1814. He did not, however, seem particularly pleased to have us prodding around in the matter of Emil Valladon. He knew of the engineer and stated to us quite firmly to cease pursuing the case any further, for the nation’s security was indeed involved.
"I don't know,” he said. “I’ve often found myself wondering if the flash of pain in his eyes, or the sort of wistful smile on his face, has meant more than he’d care to admit. But I’ve stopped wondering now. Because I believe my brother is much more concerned about keeping a certain kind-hearted doctor around... wouldn't you say?"
else besides the unbearable holes in my shoulder and leg.
The hush that fell over the room following my pronouncement was absolutely deafening. I desperately searched Holmes' face for a sign, for
I lapsed into silence for a few moments, trying to gather up my scattered thoughts. As I sought to arrange them in a sensible manner, I heard Mycroft leave his chair; then there was the clinking of glass off to my right. When Mycroft returned, he held two glasses of the Madeira and was offering one of them to me. I thanked him and accepted the wine, at once taking a couple of fortifying sips.
," she said with an appreciative smile. "I'm fine now."
"You’ve given my brother a great deal to live for,” he said. “I don’t think anything could ever quite express my gratitude. But I shall certainly still try. That is genuine silk, by the way, and it would make a fine addition to any gentleman’s breast pocket.”
felt the same way as... as I do for
"I'm sorry I interrupted your experiment," I said with an apologetic smile. "I'm quite all right now... just experiencing a bit of discomfort, is all."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, dash!" she exclaimed abruptly. The tray rattled in her grasp as she halted her movements. "Will
"Here," said Mycroft, and held out a pale grey handkerchief.
He faltered mid-sentence. He must have seen some lingering moisture on my cheeks -- and indeed, when I brought a hand to my face, my fingers came away wet.
"Why not?" I pleaded.
I huffed, trying to muster up an indignant air. "I'm sober enough."
"It's all right, darling," he told me. "It's
Mycroft caught his brother's look and calmly turned the paper over without a word. The sight might have been a bit comical if my nerves weren't so strained.
I sighed appreciatively. "Oh, good, thank you very much! I'm sure there must be an old nightgown of mine that she can wear. I'd be happy for her to stay in my room for the night, too."
"However, many in Victor’s family were less than keen about their growing relationship. The only notable exception was Victor's father. He loved and supported his son, and treated Sherlock with just as much respect. But others in the Trevor family were downright
Holmes grunted. "Yes, I'd noticed that. Do come in, won't you? You're letting in a draft from the hall."
"Is everything all right in there?" Holmes called from the sitting room.
toward the two of them. I cannot bear to repeat some of the foul, demeaning words that they hurled at Sherlock as well as Victor."
disappeared! All that spoke of her presence at all were the thick, rumpled blankets on the bed and the Wilde volume I had carelessly abandoned on the floor.
know, Holmes," I interrupted, "You see, but you do not observe."
Holmes smiled at me, and as he removed his gloves, he said, "Excellent, my dear fellow! Yes, indeed. Now pass me that knife, won't you?"
I was so startled by Holmes' voice that I jumped. I opened my eyes and stared at him. "H-How long what?"
Holmes sighed and dropped his lips to my shoulder, while his hands skimmed tenderly over my chest. My eyes fell shut in contentment. I could feel his heart flutter against my back, and I leaned as far as I could into his embrace, wanting to feel every inch of him within my reach.
I sought out his free hand in the dark and gave it a firm squeeze.
"Very well, sir," she said. She started off down the first floor hallway, but turned back abruptly and added, "Oh, and when you get up there, do tell Mr. Holmes that the next time he wants to blow smoke and ashes all over the place to kindly open up those windows. I swear I must've swept up two or three inches of those horrible ashes from your rooms by the time I was done. And don't even get me
I chuckled at that and lowered my hat back to its proper place. As the two of us turned to leave, Holmes’ hand stole into mine. He squeezed once, brief but firm, and I returned the gesture with warmth and certainty in my heart. We had sought out each other’s touch before, especially in times of danger, but also in times of distress. It was an unspoken promise between us--
"Is this all right?" he asked, his lips momentarily brushing against my ear.
I shifted my pain-stricken leg experimentally. I grunted as the spasm tightened, but I clenched my jaw and pushed through it. My movements were small, slow, and deliberate--I somehow managed to straighten my knee out completely, and then stretch my leg further through, until it hung down into the room below.
As I stepped back, a cold weight dropped into my stomach. This couldn't be what it looked like...
I nodded at her, then I ascended onto the small ledge to finally began lowering myself down. However, at that moment, a piercing spasm went up my left leg and locked my half-bent knee into place. The pain caught me so off guard that I halted immediately, suspended halfway through the opening. My arms trembled from the effort of maintaining my grip on either side of the rough stone.
I wanted to protest, to say to hell with the enemy troops, but I didn’t possess the strength to speak anymore. Soon, Holmes and I were on the move again, carefully treading our way toward the horse nearby.
My heart racing, my wounds throbbing, I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to force some air into my lungs.
“Then, just as I was leaving, I heard a gunshot inside the flat. For that brief moment, I thought one of my worst nightmares had just come true... that Holmes had..."
I could not imagine giving up my love for Holmes. The very notion made my heart sick with fear. And to know that Holmes and Victor had to quit their romance against their will, or else face some form of retribution, saddened me more than words could ever express.
And I had vowed, right then, that every time I looked upon my friend and colleague Sherlock Holmes, I would try my damnedest to unravel the mystery of those multitudes contained within him. I alone would spend countless days and nights categorizing those virtues and flaws in my mind; and with each cherished moment between us, I would succumb a little more to the passion and devotion that I carried in my heart for him.
"I truly meant nothing by my remarks," he said at length. "When Madame Petrova said she was looking for a husband, I knew I had to get out of the arrangement somehow. It was nothing against
voice, I reminded myself.
I leaned back in my armchair as Mycroft finished, absorbing what he had told me.
My anger softened and dissolved. Here I had been ready to assume the worst, and now, I realized what a fool I was. Of course Holmes wouldn't engage in such reprehensible behavior... why should I ever think otherwise? Some sense of breached decorum must have clouded my judgment, if only for a few moments.
"In my experience, love is not an easy emotion to hide," he said. "People disclose their love in different ways... a simple glance, a gentle touch, and many other gestures of affection can reveal much to the experienced observer."
feeling quite exhausted. I think I shall retire to bed soon."
--as unnatural. But my trust and devotion for Holmes would not waver. This, at least, I knew I must be able to place my faith upon.
I must bless our landlady for alleviating my suffering. Her knee pressed into the small of my back gave me the relief I needed to stand up again. My spine still creaked in protest at my movements about the room, but a brisk walk later on would surely ease the rest of my discomfort.
He held my gaze as his shoulders relaxed, the bowstring finally loosening. Quite without thinking, I began leaning closer to him. I could smell the lingering odor of tobacco, and underneath that, the faintest whiff of the violet-scented soap he had used earlier in the evening. I drew closer still until I had tucked my face against Holmes' neck and settled my lips against the spot just below his right ear.
The subtle lilt at the end of my name signaled to me that he wasn’t completely certain what I did or did not recall. I could not blame him, for alcohol did sometimes have the power to meddle with one’s memories if enough of it was consumed. Thank God that it had not seemed to affect me in such a way on this occasion (although the sharp pounding in my skull
We came away from our little adventure to Ashdown Street with more questions than ever, and few answers to provide for them. The lonely cage full of canaries, watched over by a kind old woman in a wheel-chair; the two gentlemen whisking some of these poor birds away with a cage of their own, and with a paper lining that bore the name of a Scottish city; and even more mysterious still, the letter left by the woman that was addressed to Holmes from his brother, Mycroft. The more we discovered about this case, I thought, the more confusing and complex it became.
I nodded, some of the tension leaving my body.
Mrs. Hudson nodded and said, "Of course, sir, that's not a problem."
I could still see the helpless, almost betrayed look in one of the men's eyes. The pain and anger in his mangled face as I turned, as I ran away, as I abandoned him and so many others -- both Indian
"Yes. Always, my darling."
of them if they had refused. I was forced to step into the matter to protect Sherlock. I tried to do the same for Victor, as his frequent visits to see Sherlock made him an excellent friend to me.
"I'm here to look after you, Gabrielle," I told her gently. "If you are able to stay awake for me for a little while, I'll make sure that you're not showing other troubling symptoms from your ordeal."
"What use am I, Holmes... especially in matters of the country's security?"
Holmes chuckled. I heard some movement in the room and then, a large, soft weight settled over me and I knew that Holmes must've found a blanket with which to cover me. Consciousness was slipping quickly from my grasp. I attempted to mumble a heartfelt 'thank you' to my dear friend, but his reply was lost to me as I finally sank into the blissful and hazy realm of sleep.
"Oh, good!" I said. "And what would that be?"
He flinched as if I'd just struck him in the face and fell silent. He had often used that phrase with me whenever I was being particularly slow to make my own deductions on some matter or another. To hear his own words thrown back at him now must have been a shock, and I was secretly glad to have rendered him speechless.
I rushed to my bedroom like a jockey's horse at full gallop. The door was ajar when I approached, just enough that I could stick my head across the threshold and peer inside. Mrs. Hudson was right—Gabrielle
her offer, then?"
I caught hold of one of Sherlock's arms, gripping him with all the strength I had, terrified that I might slip back into that awful hell again without warning. We stayed in that position for several moments, listening to each other breathe, until a dull twinge in my shoulder forced me to sit upright.
Holmes pressed his lips together. I could tell by the hard glint forming in his eyes, as well as the tense coiling of his shoulders, that he was wrestling with the urge to storm into the room and strangle his older brother. I reached out and placed my hand upon his arm.
"Hmm? Oh, yes! Yes, I did." I lingered on the threshold, uncertain how to organize my thoughts and bring up the subject I so keenly wanted to bring up. "I'm sorry that I didn't leave with you earlier tonight. I'm afraid I got a bit, ah,
God, how I wanted to believe my dear Holmes... to believe that our private lives could remain our own wonderful secret and that
I've always said that Holmes possesses more strength than his lean frame would otherwise suggest, and this certainly still held true. His powerful arms were looped around my waist, and his hands pressed securely into the back of my coat. He breathed out a relieved sigh into the space between us.
Before I even had a moment to collect myself, Holmes turned and bounded up the stairs with the sprightliness and mischief of a wild rabbit. He took the steps two at a time, and as I watched, he looked back over his shoulder to throw me a smug smirk. I passed a hand across my flushed face, fighting the nervous urge to laugh.
"I'll sleep on the couch, of course," I rushed to assure her.
Here, Mycroft paused. His jaw was clenched tightly and I could hear the quick, strained puffs of breaths that came from his nostrils. This was clearly a subject that he did not care to revisit or to linger on for too long.
been for the past five years."
. To feel..."
that, I really couldn't. He's one of the closest and dearest friends I've ever had. I... I truly don't know what I'd do if I lost him."
my own--could wait.
I prepared to express similar sentiments, when the door in the sitting room creaked open and I perceived a familiar set of footsteps. I whirled around again and caught sight of Holmes. He must have gone out at some point, quite possibly during the wee hours of the night while the rest of us slumbered. He had put on his deerstalker cap and gloves, and he carried what appeared to be a large valise in one hand. I stormed my way down the hall toward him, with Mrs. Hudson close at my heels.
We ended up spending most of the day scouring through the agony columns and other promising aspects of the local papers, but our efforts in that quarter were not fruitful. Frustrated, Holmes alternated between pacing our rooms with his clay pipe pressed firmly between his lips and taking up his violin with a deft, gloomy vigor.
"Would you care to explain," I said, through clenched teeth, "why in God's name that young lady is sleeping in
things, so to speak?"
Holmes stared at me for a long moment. He seemed to reach into the depths of my mind, trying to pluck forth what details he could of said conversation. He must have found what he was seeking somehow, because then -- to my utter surprise -- he pushed my hat back, leaned forward, and pressed a quick kiss to my exposed forehead. I stood there, delighted and a touch embarrassed, and smiled up at him.
It was just as well that I did not have a fear of heights. Still, climbing up onto the roof was not an entirely welcome idea. Gabrielle did not seem to mind this fact very much, although she did clutch anxiously at her parasol as we hurried up a rusted old ladder and made our way across the roof toward a barred opening.
I couldn't finish the thought. Even now, remembering those horrible seconds between hearing the first shot and sprinting back into the flat, my heart seized with dread and my chest ached.
"I... I
By the time Mrs. Hudson returned, Gabrielle had finished the tea and was beginning to look just a touch less pale in the face. Mrs. Hudson shortly took her to my room to assist her out of her torn, damp dress and find a suitable set of dry clothes.
It was no wonder to me now that Holmes choose not to speak very freely about his younger days. Losing someone that way -- losing a part of
I offered some excuse to the director, one that I have since forgotten now, and I quickly found myself traversing the darkened streets of London to return to the lodgings of 221B Baker Street where my companion and I resided.
“I suppose I slept fine, thank you," I eventually managed. “But my head feels as though it is being squeezed in a vice.”
I must say that it was truly a sorry sight. We were greeted by a crumbling brick facade, with paint cracked and peeling in dozens of places. The front windows had been painted over in a sickly greenish-brown color; at the right angle, I could see how the mid-morning light captured ghostly outlines of the lettering which had once been present on the glass. Occasionally a few passersby came into view, mainly trades people judging from some of the tools they carried, but they all gave the building a wide berth.
"Yes," he whispered. "More than all right."
your fault. It's
on the smoke... it just about
I lamented breaking my dear Holmes' concentration, so I made to answer him back with my reassurances. But I accidentally moved my arm again and sent another sharp arrow of pain into my shoulder. I gasped.
Mycroft didn't respond right away. His mouth had tightened into a thin, firm line, and he seemed to be weighing his words carefully.
I am not in the habit of taking advantage of vulnerable young women who are married, nor do I intend to ever do such a thing. I spent the majority of my evening in search of
I took a moment to process his words. Rogozhin had been mistaken, then... these supposed feelings that Holmes had for me
I nodded, looking away from his attentive gaze.
I stared at the man, knowing that my confusion must have been quite evident. "What way?"
My eyes snapped open... that voice, that achingly familiar timbre...
Eventually Mrs. Hudson retired to her own rooms, and Holmes soon bid me goodnight as well. He had that particular gleam in his eyes that I knew all too well--the events of the evening still raced feverishly in his mind, and I doubted that sleep would come easily to him in such a heightened state. I would discover him once again pacing the length of our flat with long, deliberate strides or hear the quick, piercing notes of his violin resound from the sitting room.
"Yes," I agreed, "I'd very much like to say so."
a knife for at a time such as this, when he suddenly jammed the flat edge of it into the seam of one of the locks on the valise. He bent the lock forward until it snapped open.
For a few beats, Holmes didn't say a word. Part of me wondered how he had interpreted my statement, and the other part wished I knew exactly to what extent I
"No, you truly
I spared a look toward Gabrielle during the minutes that passed. Her squall of apprehension seemed to have cleared. Now she observed Holmes' movements with a calm, determined gleam in her eyes. I prayed that we would be able to reunite her with Emil soon. Not knowing where he might be, or whether he was, in fact, still
to get him to quit," I said, raising my eyes back to Mycroft's face. "Did you know I almost left Baker Street because of it? I told him that if he couldn’t give up the drugs, I would pack my bags and never return. I didn’t know what else would make him see reason. I hoped... well, I hoped that if I seemed
"Well, come on," he said. "Let's find a way inside, shall we?"
"Well, I did
I waved him away, insisting, "It's fine, my dear... it's nothing." He arched an eyebrow at me, so I added, "Really, I'm all right!"
But it had been a difficult path to tread--who I could trust, who I knew would simply see me as a fellow human being and not as some "abomination" or "sodomite," or whatever other malicious term that some members of society wished to throw around. A pervasive sense of fear lingered in the back of my mind, and I would often catch myself thinking,
"I've got you!" I heard him say.
true. They had simply been a ruse on Holmes' part to escape an awkward situation. A cold flare of anger seized me in that instant, and I rose at once to my feet to approach him.
And yes, one of my many headcanons is that Watson gave Holmes that badass cane. <3
"For heaven's sake, Holmes!" I cried. "You... you can't just
He turned to look at me with an indifferent sniff.
(Musical inspo.: "Romance for Violin and Orchestra No. 1 in G, Op. 40," by Ludwig von Beethoven)
," I whispered. I clasped my hands and tried to keep my breathing even. " You don't know what it means... to... to hear someone be so
to indicate whether this admission had affected him in any way. But he had become a blank canvas, with no flicker of lively movement or color upon him.
"By the authority of her Majesty's government!" came the reply. "I
Rogozhin, pouring himself a drink from a clear glass decanter, looked up quickly at my words.
..." I gritted my teeth, desperately trying to rein in the other choice words that wanted to surge forth from my lips. "... inconvenient!"
I hadn't given much thought about Holmes' association with Victor at the time; and indeed, the man's name had escaped my mind entirely until Mycroft brought it up. And now I remembered what Holmes had told me days ago, as well -- about having a relationship with a man while in college. I knew it couldn't be a coincidence. This man
"See that you do, Doctor," she replied. "There certainly won't be those kind of liberties taken in
Holmes' face softened with a smile. "
"Holmes?" I called out, heading for his bedroom. "
He held up the valise, tapping the front of it with his other gloved hand for emphasis.
"I'm certain, my dear fellow, because when it comes down to it, I don't give much of a damn about what this dreadful society thinks," Holmes declared firmly. "For years I've tried to conform to its rules, its 'proper' ways of feeling and thinking and living. But it's driven me absolutely mad, and..."
"I’ve tried my
"Oh, good Lord." At first, I interpreted the statement as a groan; but as Holmes turned around, I saw that my friend was struggling to stifle a fit of laughter. "Did you know that the only reason we were invited to that little soirée in the first place, Watson, was so that Madame Petrova could set me up as her husband? And she even had the nerve to offer me a genuine Stradivarius for my troubles! Isn't that absurd?"
Mycroft was a highly-respected man in a number of political circles, and a very private man at that, too. According to Holmes, he often helped the government with many problems--both trivial and significant--from the comfort of his office at the Diogenes Club on Pall Mall. It was to this same club that Holmes and I were visiting once again.
come within the province of the private detective. They have to be dealt with on an altogether different level."
Holmes bent the other lock open swiftly, then looked up at me and arched an eyebrow.
I eventually took some laudanum for my headache; it had eased somewhat on its own, but had still proven itself as a hindrance. Growing weary of other activities, I then began to sketch some rather hideous-looking creations on a piece of scrap paper. Occasionally Holmes would stop in his pacing and come stand beside me, touching my hand or shoulder and inquiring into my efforts.
"You obviously care about him a great deal," Mycroft observed.
"Emil...
At last, he tossed a smirk in my direction and rested his cane casually against his shoulder. I knew that smirk, God help me, and I already didn't like what he must be planning.
But then a gut-wrenching scream pierced the humid afternoon. Holmes and I both stopped in our tracks. A horrible chill shot down my spine as I helplessly looked out across the field, searching for that tortured soul.
The next few hours were a whirlwind of activity.
Sherlock exhaled a soft, broken sound against my shoulder. His free hand dipped slightly under the water and splayed across my abdomen. He struggled to draw in another breath.
Some cool images I put together and shared to my Tumblr! I used quotes from the second chapter to help give them a nice aesthetic. :D
I unlaced my fingers from Holmes’ grip, long enough to pull his hand forward and press a soft kiss to his knuckles.
The next morning found me in a state of agony. As promised, I had eventually retired to the couch in the sitting room and attempted to make myself as comfortable as possible. And by that, I mean that I tried not to contort my spine into
"You do more than enough for me, my love," I whispered. "You've made this all so much more bearable...
I thought, my cheeks still warm as I followed after him swiftly,
"First of all," he said, clasping his hands together, "I'd like to apologize for my blunt remarks. I assure you that it is not directed personally toward either you or my brother. But when I become involved in such delicate matters as this, I tend to get a little...
"What's the matter, Watson?" asked Holmes. The worried edge in his tone was not lost on my ears, even in my awkward and painful state.
Afterwards, when we had officially moved into our lodgings at 221B Baker Street, I also remembered the list I had made concerning Holmes' particular areas of expertise (and lack thereof). He had laughed upon discovering the draft of my list one evening, shortly after the Strand published my full story, and remarked, "How very methodical of you, Watson.
The poem that Watson recites is "In the Forest," published in Oscar Wilde's book "Poems" in 1881.
must have been what eventually led you to this valise. It
"It's all right," Holmes assured me. "Can you move your leg at all?"
"Aha!" cried Holmes. He stuck his hand through a gap in the bars and pointed downward. "Just as I thought. This is the space which was visible from the road."
I heard a small, choked-off sound in front of me as I finished the poem. I looked up and saw that Gabrielle had buried her face in her hands. I rushed toward her, fumbling with the book, but the slim volume thumped loudly to the floor in my haste. I left it there, kneeling beside the bed and gripping Gabrielle's arm.
More screams echoed around us now. Louder and louder, relentless and excruciating. I squeezed my eyes shut once again and sobbed.
my poor wallpaper!"
"In other words, you want me to stay within my limits."
-- must have left the most unbearable scar upon his heart.
Ha-ha! But what was it Whitman said? 'Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself -- I am large, I contain multitudes.' Who is to say what the true limits of any one person might be? It would take a lifetime--perhaps
"M-me?"
He attempted to ask the young lady a series of questions, inquiring about her name, nationality, and other matters. We soon came to find that she was French; my knowledge of the language was fairly limited, but thanks to his ancestry and upbringing, Holmes was quite fluent in it by contrast. It amazed me how he could switch between languages with such graceful, practiced ease.
Holmes seemed to grow more agitated as I spoke. His hands twitched restlessly at his sides, and occasionally his long, slender fingers would tap out a series of quick, nervous rhythms against the tops of his thighs. He was also the one now refusing to make eye contact.
Now, as I trembled fiercely from the terror and exhaustion of the battle, I lay stretched out at the base of a small slope and tried to readjust the hastily-applied tourniquet upon my shoulder. I'd have to find something to staunch the wound on my leg, as well, if there was even enough time to do so.
I straightened up just as Mrs. Hudson cried out, “Doctor Watson, she’s gone!”
God above, I yearned to pull him into my arms and kiss him as I had before. I yearned to hear him moan and give himself over to my affections. But I couldn't allow that... not with Gabrielle in the same room, standing just a few feet away from us. Holmes clearly had the same thoughts in mind, if the hints of pink blooming across his cheeks were anything to go by.
This time, I was successful. The embrace lasted for only a few seconds, but it was the most extraordinary feeling in the world. It obviously had a profound effect on Holmes, as well. He sighed, a slow, content sound, and then he revealed one of the most genuine, unguarded smiles that I had ever seen on him.
Still reeling with the excitement and alcohol brought about by the evening, I had stumbled my way over to the director of the Russian ballet, Nikolai Rogozhin. The women of the company had fallen back into the crowd, perhaps exhausted from the revelry, while the men all joined together in the dancing. I had been a bit puzzled by the sudden exchange, but it was not unwelcome by any means. Back in Afghanistan, the men in my regiment had been fortunate enough to indulge in a very small number of private festivities, with plenty of dancing and cheap spirits to go around between us.
Mycroft nodded and said, "Indeed. I haven't seen my brother like this since his days at Oxford. The way he looks at you, Dr. Watson, is the same way he used to look at another man he cared for -- a man named Victor Trevor."
Such concerns had not occurred to me in this instance, but now a familiar, uneasy tremor ran down my spine. What if Holmes was
I nodded, and felt the tentative beginnings of a smile unfold across my face.
"Have to help," I whispered to myself. "Please, God... I
my dear Holmes! And I wish you hadn't felt as though a Russian ballet company would understand you better than I would."
dreadfully annoying, to say the least).
that you... " Holmes' voice was scarcely above a whisper. He shook his head in a dazed, awestruck sort of way. "Do you mean all of that, Watson? Truly?"
been a lie after all, I never wanted to let go of this brilliant, frustrating man ever again.
"Do you not prefer it this way?" he asked in return.
would stop us from being together. But I knew better--I knew how society would look upon a relationship like ours, and I suspected that he knew it just as well as I did. How could he ever promise that the truth would not find its way to the wrong ears, that we would not one day be arrested, sentenced to prison, or even put to
"There is nothing to worry about," I assured him. "Mycroft and I simply had a heartfelt conversation, and... I’m honestly quite relieved for it."
Warning for some implied drug use, as well as implied homophobic attitudes in this chapter! (Nothing graphic on either count, but I wanted to give everyone a heads up)
Holmes poured some tea for me as I sat down, and we enjoyed our breakfast in comfortable silence for a short time. I reached for the newspaper, hoping that I might summon the concentration required to read it and that the details of some interesting new case might be laid out there. But then I heard Holmes clear his throat, and I set the paper down at once.
I awoke the following morning with a splitting headache. That was, of course, to be expected after my liberal consumption of alcohol, but I wished now that I had shown a little more restraint. With a groan, I rolled carefully out of my bed and shuffled over to the mirror to examine myself.
"That is what I'm laboring to tell you, Holmes," I said. My initial anger was subsiding now, and I let out a long, tired sigh of frustration. "When Rogozhin told me what you said, it surprised me. It surprised me because I thought that you
She had shifted her attention to me as I moved about the room; now she appeared quite interested in the book that I held. With a smile, I sat back down in my chair and flipped through the pages until I came to a familiar piece. I cleared my throat and read aloud:
do, Watson."
I found my voice at last, and I asked in a quiet, teasing tone, "Is this an attempt at courting, my dear Holmes?"
Good Lord, I thought, who knew
I thanked Mycroft profusely, both for his time and for the handkerchief. I may have begun to cry again, but I could not be certain on that. I shook his hand and left his office behind, returning to the spacious hall beyond where Holmes was waiting for me.
"Everything I've said... everything I
,” I whispered. “They’ll die because of
meant it (but my now blushing cheeks must have surely spoken for themselves). Then, with his sharp gaze upon me, Holmes rose to his feet and stepped toward the hearth near which I sat. There was a look of thoughtful concentration etched onto his face.
"It's quite all right, Doctor. As I'm sure you know by now, my brother Sherlock is a natural bloodhound. Whenever he picks up a scent, he'll chase after it until the trail runs cold... or until the exhaustion catches up to him. I often wonder if these cases of his might one day send him to an early grave. But concerns aside, I am certainly glad to see him in good spirits."
the other possible lies you could tell?"
Mrs. Hudson was able to procure a plain white nightgown for Gabrielle. Once the young lady had wrapped herself up within the blankets, she ceased to tremble from the cold and began settling down more easily. I pulled one of the hard wooden chairs from the sitting room into my bedroom, so that I could observe Gabrielle from a respectable distance. My medical bag lay close at hand in case my stethoscope or another important instrument proved useful.
We pulled back and stared at each other for a moment. Then in a deeper, more strained voice, he said, "I've got you, Watson."
, shall we say."
"Do you know what happened?" I asked softly. "Between Holmes and Victor, I mean?"
?" I implored him.
"Why?" I demanded, although I didn't exactly know what I expected from him at this point. "Why would you choose
"Everything will be all right," said Holmes. "I promise you that, John."
I didn't let go until the tears finally subsided, and Gabrielle had slipped into the spell of an inevitable, somewhat uneasy sleep.
route into the abandoned Ashdown building.
"Glad to see you back, Dr. Watson," said Mrs. Hudson warmly. "How was the performance tonight?"
"Did you enjoy yourself tonight, old fellow?" asked Holmes over his shoulder. He was sitting at the table with his tobacco experiment, one arm stretching toward the back of the apparatus; he appeared to be tinkering with one of the valves. Thankfully, Holmes had refrained from lighting the various cigars and pipes and unleashing another gray, heavy atmosphere into the room. At the very least, I could reassure Mrs. Hudson on that point.
I reclaimed my place at the armchair. Mycroft brought forward his own chair and sat down before me.
Holmes found the knife, chisel, and hammer sections, and then he got to work on the bars. For the next several moments, the only sounds were of the harsh slides of metal against metal. I was kneeling next to Holmes, trying to keep my weight on my good knee. Our climb on the ladder had not boded well for my old war wounds--my left leg and shoulder each gave a dull, familiar twinge. But I tried steadfastly to ignore this as I watched my companion work.
," I protested, "and I'm certainly not some cad or low-life who would stoop to taking advantage of a vulnerable young woman!"
But Gabrielle could not answer, shaking her head in distress. I patted her arm soothingly and looked up at Holmes.
My cheeks burned even further under his scrutiny. Of course I should have known that Holmes would do this, would be able to deduce my mood in an instant. But that made it no less challenging to bolster my nerves for the conversation that was to come.
he seemed to scream at me, inside my head.
As I reached for the back of my neck and gently rubbed at a spot near the top of my spine, I suddenly recalled the tumultuous events of last night. I turned to Mrs. Hudson and asked, “Oh, would you mind checking on our patient? I do hope she was able to stay asleep for the whole night.”
"I'm not quite sure I understand you," I said. "What about Holmes and I?"
I knew I had heard that name before. A few years ago, Holmes had made a passing reference to a school friend named Victor. He'd also said something about Norfolk, and a case in which he'd helped Victor's father before he and I had met.
been the same. This terrible sadness has hung over him from that moment onward."
"You have already been extremely useful in this case," he replied. "And you have shown considerable abilities elsewhere during our long association. So I beg you, Watson, do not speak that way -- I simply
"My brother is fortunate to have you as a friend, Doctor," Mycroft said with sincerity. "And you are right to worry about him. I truly believe that if it hadn’t been for you living with him at Baker Street, he would have succumbed to that horrible seven-percent solution by now. But old habits can still, of course, be difficult for someone to shake off... even with people around them who care about their well-being."
usual. And for you and he to be together for five years now... well, that is certainly a good thing, is it not? So please, do not think us close-minded. The young ladies were surprised, I'm sure, but I promise you that they are just as welcoming as anyone else here!"
My nice garments were in utter disarray. I hadn’t had the energy to remove them and hang them up properly last evening; I winced upon seeing the large creases and wrinkles in my white dress shirt and my jacket. To my surprise, the flower tucked behind my ear had remained intact throughout the night. I removed it and set it down upon my dresser, then went about to the task of divesting myself of my attire. Perhaps I could ask Mrs. Hudson if she would mind helping me return them to a more presentable state.
come to our door?
I could just make out the troubled twitch of Sherlock's mouth in our dim quarters. He reached out again and settled his arm around the middle of my back. I sighed and let my head fall against his shoulder.
remove this violin, please?"
"Well, that certainly
But the astonished expressions on the women's faces had certainly given me pause. They parted like the Red Sea before me and refused to meet my gaze. Was something the matter, I wondered? Had Holmes said something to offend them, or to perhaps offend their fellow ballerina Madame Petrova? Surely, I reasoned, Rogozhin might be able to shed some light on the whole matter.
simply to relive the warmth and genuineness that that moment had produced in me.
"And I'm
"Good," Holmes said. "You're doing good, dear fellow. Don't forget to lean on your good leg to give yourself a bit of leverage. Try to push off from the ledge as you're coming down, but
Mrs. Hudson greeted me once I finally entered the tenement to 221B. Her presence soothed me somewhat, and the weight on my soul seemed a touch lighter as I ascended the steps up to my quarters.
who would not pass judgment upon me... then perhaps I might stop feeling so damned miserable for once.”
We turned back. Mycroft had straightened up from his perch on the edge of his desk. Now he stood at the head of the table in the middle of the room, with one hand resting on the chair in front of him.
Once I had crossed the room and settled down in my usual chair by the fireplace, I asked, "So, did everything go well with Madame Petrova?"
Gabrielle looked at me intensely for a moment from her half-seated position on the bed, as if she were gathering all of her concentration to try to process my words. Then, with a small, frustrated sigh, she leaned back against the headboard. She remained in that position for some time, casting her eyes about the room, as if her memories might somehow materialize from one of the bookcases or picture frames.
One of TPLOSH's deleted scenes is mentioned by Watson in this chapter! He explains how he threatened to leave Holmes if he didn't stop doing drugs, and the actions that Holmes took to keep him at Baker Street.
He leaped over the slope and landed in a crouch beside me. The movement jolted the helmet off his head, but he didn't seem to notice. He knelt down at once by my shoulder, panting for breath, gazing at the bloodied tourniquet and then my still unattended leg wound with deep concern. Our eyes met and I saw panic, even outright
However, as much as I can accurately describe my experiences and those of others, the events of that evening with the Russian ballet had left such a profound and unexpected impact upon me that it was difficult for my mind to truly make sense of it all. I shall, however, still attempt to record these events here to the best of my recollection:
Holmes chuckled and said, "If I had known, and if you hadn't shown up when you did, I doubtlessly would have stuck with my explanation of hemophilia. But I weighed the situation at hand with what I knew about other ballets I had come across. I deduced that Rogozhin and the others would not be the sort of people to run to the police. Why should they, since they welcome people of all sorts into their midst without batting an eye?"
"Rogozhin thought that you and I were... well,
A hard knot twisted inside my chest. I fisted my hands in the back of his vest, desperate to stay here, wrapped in his warm embrace and pressing kiss after kiss against his flushed skin. Now that I knew how he felt about me, that it
with my threat, that I would leave him to his own destruction, that he'd see our friendship meant more to him than any cocaine or morphine solution
I shook my head. "No, not quite. You were there to help me this time, instead of Murray. But the
Me: I'll just write a couple of chapters dealing with a few scenes from the film, no problem!
"Do you think..." I stopped, cleared my throat, and started again. "Do you think Holmes ever misses Victor? Or wishes that they had another chance, to... to
I attempted to look dumbfounded, and even managed to produce some inarticulate noises of dismissal. But of course, Holmes wasn't moved by the performance.
Mrs. Hudson nodded and went down the hall to my room. I took a moment to stretch myself, bending down to touch my toes. I sighed as the muscles in my back and arms released some further tension.
to know how long I've dreamed of this?" he sighed, and his words made me shudder. "Of holding you in my arms? Of your lips...?"
your fault, John..."
I thought,
“Yes, Holmes," I assured. "I do remember."
never
Gabrielle shook her head forcefully. She clutched at the edge of one of the blankets around her.
by the dancers."
Holmes rested one of his hands against my neck and searched my face with that intense, hawk-like stare of his.
The pieces suddenly clicked in my mind. The men joining the dance, the looks on the women's faces, Rogozhin's vague but meaningful words... my cheeks started flushing up at the simple realization.
"You were in there for almost half an hour, Watson!" he exclaimed. He had been sitting on a cushioned bench several yards away from the door. Now, he sprung to his feet and approached me. "Are you all right? What did...?"
I didn't know if it was my left-over nerves, Mycroft's words, or something else altogether that influenced me, but I went on unsteadily, "I do worry about him... all the time, as a matter of fact. I'm afraid that one day he'll do something so drastic that I won't be able to help him. And I couldn't
She passed me her parasol, which I accepted readily. I watched her mount the opening with careful, steady movements and then, with a deep breath, she fell through. The ends of her pale dress fanned out around her, the sound of fabric rippling briefly in the air.
," Holmes urged her. "
"Ah... the card with the smudge of green ink on the back!" I remembered Holmes holding that very card up to the light of the desk lamp, observing the mottled splash of color with great interest. "The numbers must have come off on the young lady's hand when she fell into the river. So
It was no use arguing with him, especially with Mycroft present, so I let the matter drop. We were just making our way to the door when quite suddenly, Mycroft exclaimed, "Just a minute!"
is genuine," I insisted. "Please, my dear Holmes, believe that."
I finished off the last of my wine before remarking, "Your brother and I must really be an open book to you, then, Mycroft."
," I said gently.
Holmes nodded and pursed his lips together thoughtfully. "It's your shoulder again, isn't it?"
, in his face.
to find Holmes. I didn't know the entirety of what he'd told to Rogozhin and Madame Petrova, but I knew that this was a matter that required my immediate attention.
lack one crucial element which I am fortunate enough to have."
A wave of tenderness swelled through me upon seeing my friend, usually a man of such a stoic and unaffected nature, letting me witness this side to him that was so vulnerable and sincere. The sight moved me so profoundly that tears began to well in my own eyes.
"I'm sure you can imagine, Doctor," he continued, "that there were certain...
I scolded myself.
Somehow I managed to raise my head above the edge of the slope, and I watched, thunderstruck, as my dear Sherlock Holmes dismounted from a horse and ran toward me. The regiment's scarlet tunic and pith helmet looked so out of place on him -- yet I still took a strange sort of comfort from seeing that outfit, and from knowing I had not found myself completely alone out here.
"How, then, did the young woman come to be in your bed?” I asked.
Gabrielle awakened shortly after Holmes and I began searching through her valise. Her memory had returned, a fact for which I was thankful, and she was able to tell us more about herself and her husband, Emil Valladon.
I changed into a casual shirt and set of trousers, then fumbled into one of my robes. I attempted rather pointlessly to smooth out my disheveled garments, but I soon gave up the effort and hung them from my wardrobe handle. After a quick combing of my hair and moustache, I stepped out into the hall and entered the sitting room.
as your lie, out of
..." I could barely get the last word out. I stopped to calm myself. "They were... still as unsettling as the first time."
I leaned forward to kiss Holmes again, this time on the lips, but an intense rush of nausea seized me just then and I began to tip sideways. Holmes firmly gripped both of my arms to keep me upright. The maelstrom in my stomach receded a little, and I relaxed into his embrace again. It felt so right to have him hold me close. A wonderful, unbidden shiver ran through my body at the thought of what he could possibly do with those lovely hands of his.
"Of course he'll be difficult, Watson," he said. He drummed his fingers impatiently on his cane as we strode with purpose toward the stairs. "But that has hardly stopped me from uncovering other such closely-guarded secrets from my brother in the past! He is, of course, much cleverer than I am... I will still give him that. But he
If Mycroft Holmes was involved with this whole affair, then the circumstances must be of the gravest importance. I had met Holmes' older brother only once before, during the incident of the Greek interpreter. This particular account has not yet made its away to the publishers at the Strand, but I have prepared it for when the time seems fit.
“And now that I can lay myself completely before you, can toss aside the 'cold, unfeeling mask', all that matters to me is being here with
I let out a sudden, unsteady breath, overwhelmed by the intimacy being lavished upon my body. I had never dreamed that we might one day enjoy such freedom together, or allow such sincere passion to flow between us. Every fond word, every reverent touch, was imbued with our love, and I could have died at that very moment with the knowledge that Sherlock Holmes possessed not just a great brain, but also a great heart.
"So, fix him up. You have twelve days." The dark eyed man said as he left, Moran following after, closing the door as he went.
"On it boss."
“Well?”
The two men pulled the now seemingly unconscious detective away and led him out on his back before they started to strip him.
Feeling arms wrap around his waist he let ut a sob as he knew what was to come next, but instead he was pulled away from the door and guided into a shower.
I'm not sure if this makes sense...let me know because I have been fighting with it and if it doesn't work will have to start again with it. Thanks in advance x x
"I know." Walking around the bed he grabbed an empty coffee cup he had finished a few hours before, before heading to the door. "Do you want anything?" He asked the elder Holmes, his tone softer.
"Okay. With regards to you John your flashbacks might be harder to deal with."
Leaning forward John ran his already gloved fingers over the girls neck, her face, lifting her hair from her face, inspecting the hairline before moving to the girls wrists turning them to inspect for any punctuation marks then pushed up a sleeve to check the crock of her elbow running his thumb over the cold skin, then frowning.
"Something happened, something not good....but I don't remember!"
“Greg and your brother are both probably pulling what little hair they have left out trying to find us, I’m sure they will get to us before it’s too late.”
“You did…on the train. You wanted me-“
"No... your name, I need your name." Sherlock turned on the man, moving forward till the man was pressed against a wall. "Tell me!"
“But he’s weird.” Sally muttered, her voice low after John had pointed out that he could probably hear them.
They stared at each other for the longest time, even as the guy with the black eyes turned to Sherlock and using the IV port injected something into the tall detective.
A knock at the door interrupts the rest of their conversation. When John opens the door Molly is on the other side.
"I don’t remember!" The alarm in his voice caused John to stand, fingers delved into his hair and he calmed down instantly. "It’s okay. This is normal, you are allowed to forget, it’s your minds way of protecting you." The fingers in his hair started to stroke through the curls causing Sherlock to push against the hand slightly. "You're like a cat." John said with a smile.
“Mr Watson, I do believe you are being a serious impediment to this mission.” It was a low blow but Sherlock simply smiled.
“He's suffering, just give us a moment to get through this.”
In the end Lestrade had to hold onto John while another paramedic team administered a sedative which soon had John sobbing on the floor while leaning against the DI.
“How do you know?” Sherlock asks looking at his brother.
Stretching he looked to the end of the bed to Mary and gave her a small smile before standing, placing his hand on Sherlock’s forearm before leaning down to gently brush back curls that hadn’t moved but he just couldn’t help himself.
“Say what John?”
Turning he went to head into the kitchen when he noted his phone flashing with a missed message. Picking the phone up he inputted the passcode then froze at the notification.
Sherlock shuddered, it was a full body shudder that started from his center ending at his hands, feet and head.
"No." John freed himself of the covers and knelt before the scared man he loved far more than what he should.
"I knew it! I knew you had a thing for cock." Moran stepped forward and grabbed his own crotch in a rather lude manner. "Maybe when we get the fun started you can show me how good you are with that mouth of yours."
“Yeah, just coming through now.” Wilhit say’s standing as the monitor he was stood before shows their commanding officer.
It was nice to hear someone say his name without the ‘piss off’ precursor.
Sherlock watched as John's fists clenched, as his eyes blinked in reaction rather than automatically, as his breath caught as the sound of his own voice filled the room.
"John, you are all I think about. Even before I knew who you were you were all I could really remember."
John tensed and Sherlock’s attention went to the door.
One day.
“Yes, get in this bed.”
.~.~.~.~.
“Time we don’t have.”
“John?” Lestrade asked looking around with confusion.
John holds his breath, terrified that Sherlock may not be the same, may have lost his memory, may not even remember him. Sherlock's eyes take several seconds to focus on the man leaning over him, but when they do a small smile lights up his face and John releases the breath. If Sherlock remembers him then any other problems they can face together.
"Moran."
“Violet. She loved her garden, it was her peace, the place she could just be.” Sherlock followed his mother as she moved, watching as she bent to do something then slowly straighten the pain evident on her face. “She became ill when I was in my late teens. She died when I was twenty-five.”
Pulling back, John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s and just breathed.
"It would seem my mind has started to play tricks on me. If I remember correctly I threatened Cathy and some orderlies with a knife?"
"Okay."
"I'm here." John answered, still picking at the floor but looking up at Sherlock. "Come here."
John led her through what she needed to do step by step. Thirty minutes later John had a freshly stitched wound, it was a little messy but it was better than the self stitches he had given himself.
When Sherlock pulled back, gasping for air he looked down at John with almost black eyes,  the blues, greens and gold gone, taken up by lust, want and need.
"I want to fuck Sherlock." John said glancing at his other lover.
"No, and neither will your doctor's. They will see this as a bad thing. But as I've said before, your mind is unlike most people's and it is protecting you."
“You can, you can have whatever I allow and I allow that.” John tightened his hand around Sherlock’s fingers. “The only problem now is that we now have to put you back to sleep.”
“Yes, you do.”
“Fuck you, Mary.” John’s voice rose loud enough to easily hear, its tone sending a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. The man, John, pulled a small box from his jacket pocket, forcing it into her hand. “Take it, sell it, keep it, throw it, I don’t care anymore.”
John relaxed, leaning back into Sherlock’s chest allowing himself just to find as much comfort in the embrace aspossible.
"Brilliant. Right gentleman I will leave you to your evening. Talking if you want, but I recommend silence as well, just enjoy each others presence for a time." She smiled as she stood, the two men also standing and then John followed her to the door to see her out.
“Of course.”
Mary smiled, placing a gentle hand to his arm. "If it didn't then he is stupid."
"I know, I tried to talk her down but she was having none of it."
John held Sherlock’s eyes then and just watched him. His breathing was shallow and slow, and when John pushed his free hand to the mans long neck he took a slowly thread pulse.
"He's dealing with what happened." Cathy said as she leant back into the sofa.
Closing the door behind him he lent against it for a moment, his eyes searching around for John.
"Well no, as I already said, you know of your injuries now. Your brilliant mind may be able to defy somethings but not pain, even that has to translate here."
"Right."
"Before you slept." The man frowned as Sherlock took a step back.
"Of course I do. Save what you want to say to the real me."
Back in the control room, Molly places Beany in a clear zip lock bag and holds it between her teeth as she carries out her own procedures. While John and Sherlock continue to monitor the crane as it falls through the water.
“That is what we suspect.” Mycroft confirmed.
"The truth. Tell me the truth."
He didn’t see when Greg made his decision, didn’t see the cold resolve settle over him, the determination to help Sherlock no matter the cost.
Sherlock jumped at John's voice and turned to face him, eyes wide, pulse visible in his neck as his heart beat fast and hard.
John had faught, he had faught well, disarming Moran in seconds, but John was week. He didn't have the strength he once did and Moran had him out cold within a minute, leaving Sherlock with the man he feared the most.
“He was in surgery, I’ve page him and he will be here soon.” She turned to John. “Keep him calm, you’re helping.”
"As you probably know it is now a matter of time. The damage done was extreme and his blood loss so very close to dangerous that it will take a few bags to get him back on track. We are of course keeping him under, even with the best painkillers he would be in far too much pain. I'm surprised he was awake for as long as he had been."
"I'm sorry."
"What is it?" John asked as he lent forward slightly to look at the phone.
As they walked back to the flat Sherlock walked behind as John and Greg spoke, John laughing at something said then his hand reached out to steady himself as he lost his footing, his fingers easily wrapping around Gregs hand as Greg went to help steady him.
Sherlock’s reaction wasn't at all what John expected. One second he was concentrating on what he was doing the next he sharnk back against the cupboards, his eyes wide and filled with more fear than John had seen before.
“Oh I don’t think so mate.” Mike suddenly said causing Sherlock to smile. “We don't work for you, we don't take orders from you, and we don't much like you. Also, you’re on our rig so just remember who’s home you’re guesting in.”
“I don’t want to.” John watches as Sherlock’s eyes fall to his lips, watching as John kisses the back of his index finger, before looking back up and holding John’s eyes.
"I don't know. But it wont matter, I only want you safe and happy, everything else is a bonus."
Within the engine room alarms blare and lights flash as the thruster motor screams like a steel banshee before it explodes with smoke and shrapnel, seconds late fire erupts and men start shouting within the smoke.
"What?" The man looked down at himself. "You mean why this form?"
John sighed. “I’ve not really lived up to the protector side of all that, have I?”
Right..well, I'm exhusted, I guess a panic attack takes a lot out of you after all.
The kills certainly where high profile, one so high up it hadn't even been released to the public.
"Is it that obvious?" She asks still smiling.
Lifting his free hand he gently pulled Sherlock’s fingers free from where they were holding his wrist. He felt the resistance but soon Sherlock relented. Once free he moved forward, his foot falls just as quiet as the other mans.
Closing his eyes John just lent into Sherlock, allowing the other man to run his hands through his hair, to grip at his clothes, to run his face over John’s, to brush his lips over his jaw, to his neck, till Sherlock rested his head on John's shoulder.
Minutes started to pass, turning slowly, painfully into hours, each second a reminder that they still hadn't found Sherlock.
Sherlock scrunched his face up in disgust. "I would rather not imagine John as my brother."
Sherlock huffed and picked her up, immediately smiling and tickling her stomach. John was in the middle of fixing Rosie's bottle when a woman cleared her throat. Looking up, John locked eyes and oddly recognized her but didn't say anything as he stood up and shook her head.
"THIS ISN'T ALWAYS ABOUT A FUCKING CRIME SCENE SHERLOCK!"
"Good evening all my daycare employees and parents!" Joan chirped out as all the girls chorused back a hello. "I see John Holmes has joined us as well so everyone please give him a warm welcome as we do our training and exercises! Can somebody also explain the rules while I prepare everything?"
Sherlock whipped around. "I don't know if it's a woman but I have a pretty good idea that it is due to the similar gender of the victims, Graham."
“Phones?”
"Why make me repeat myself John."
"Yes, it is waiting outside."
"What happened?" Stevens asked going over Dimmock's equipment.
"Okay, good."
Greg blinked a few times as he took in John, covered in blood, a deep cut to his left temple, his skin pale and his body looking a lot thinner than the last time he had seen him. He then turned to look down the hall to find Sherlock with an arm wrapped around his stomach, his back against the wall and his legs giving out as he took in Greg with eyes clouded and lost.
"Can I see?"
"I can't afford slack, Watson."
"Keep him sedated and once the doctor is awake and taken care of himself have him deal with Holmes." That was someone he didn't recognise.
“To sleep, we go to bed to sleep.” John pulled back taking running his fingers gently over Sherlock’s face. “We go to bed to cuddle, to talk, to sleep.”
John ran.
"So they have a separate bathroom for you. Ours don’t have windows."
"Sherlock!" John nearly growled as Ari hung up his coat then turned back to find Sherlock now stood looking down at John.
"I need to see him."
"Only when I need to."
“I think it best if Sherlock is left to rest, fighting pain is exhausting and he needs all his strength to recover.”
So what other options were there? He had no idea.
“Yeah, he had the cure tested and synthesized.”
Sally stood then and took Philip’s hand. “Come on.” She said pulling him away then stopping to look at the others. “Are you coming?” She asked looking at each of them.
This was one of the times that Sherlock was gone, leaving John to stand in front of the door and wait.
"Sherlock, please.... just come here."
"Arrogant bastard." Greg laughed shaking his head.
"You haven't changed your preference have you?" He asked frowning.
This is not a happy chapter, forgive me!
“Sherlock.” John had water, how did John have water? Sherlock wondered even as John tilted the bottle of water allowing it to dribble over his dry lips and soothing his aching throat. “Easy, take it easy ‘lock.”
“Yes.” Both Holmes say together.
“John, he was…”
"Easy Sherlock." His main tormentor whsipered to him. "Take it easy."
“It wont happen Sherlock, I wont leave just so some mad man can get to you.”
John felt...dead. it was a strange feeling, as though his body was not real, as though his thoughts had stopped completely, as though the steady beat of his heart was nothing but a memory.
As he read he loaded up his laptop and printer and once read he continued his reading on there, printing what he needed and basically losing himself in the hunt for Moran.
Sherlock finally opened his eyes to find John knelt before him, his head lowered, hand in his lap, fist open, palms facing up as though he was looking at them for the first time.
"I left to do one thing and one thing only. Destroyed Moriarty’s network to keep you, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade safe."
"Really?"
"Yes. But the feeling of that touch was too much, he probably thought he could handle you touching him because he had become used to it." Stepping forward Cathy placed a gentle hand on Sherlock's forearm and looked up at him. "Come to my office Sherlock. John will be out for a while and we need to talk about what to do next."
“No!” John screams as he pulled at the door, frantically trying to open it, even as his logical mind told him it wouldn’t work. Lifting his head up he watches as his crew drowns, helpless to save them, his heart breaking at the loss of his friends.
"You are human, you stayed with the person you care about, no one can ask more of you. If you had left him, even for a minute we might not be stood here right now."
"I guess." Sherlock frowned, he knew all this already.
One of the other Marines, Schoenick, answers.
"How long?"
“Ah, the other Mr Holmes.” She said with a nod before returning to her paperwork.
"Sherlock, get in the bed, hold me close or I will tickle you."
Watching through the darkness he first saw the gun, then the arms until a figure walked pass the patio doors, only a few feet from where they where stood.
"Okay...why?"
Sherlock's turn.
"Yes it is."
That had scared him, the thought of all those people in one place, of them being all around him, within touching distance. That was terrifying to John and Sherlock had near enough shouted his anger at Cathy before John had stopped him and said he had wanted to try.
“Yes, it will allow him to feel everything.” Moriarty came round to stand before John before crouching down to look John in the eye. “I will keep him on this for as long as he lives, it will heighten every cut, every hit, every touch, every broken bone. It will probably be the thing to kill him, but it will be fun while it lasts.”
“You should have told John about the pain meds.”
"Thanks" Sherlock muttered as he answered the phone rasing it to his ear. "Hello brother mine."
"Fuck." Sherlock hissed as he finally understood.
"Yeah, some doctor you turned out to be, thought you guys had to take an oath to help all those in need?" The last cuff was affixed and the stretcher was pulled free of the ambulance, the bag full of equipment placed on his legs.
"No." John stood back and nodded. "Thank you..."
"Not all of it was a lie."
John went to nod his understanding but Mycroft's words stopped him.
"I should be helping you, I should, but it's hard. I need to remind myself constantly that you are alive that you are real and that this isn't just some dream I'm stuck in. God Sherlock...I love you so damn much! Too much, it has be classed as too much, because my dependancy on you is...it is not healthy!"
John smiled turning his head, his nose finding itself in curls, but he didn't really care.
John’s arm shot out and he was shocked when he was able to grab a fistful of Moriarty’s suit and pulled the criminal mastermind against the bars.
oh my it has been a while hasn't it? Sorry about that, I got a bit distracted with my other stories.
John fell silent. Saying that to someone who was very much alive and before him was surreal, it sat heavily on the part of John that was still very much mourning the man sat before him.
"Nope." The man shook his head, his hands lose by his side. "Not yet, you have deemed yourself not ready."
"Jesus Christ... this is World War Three in a can." John mutters but the others hear.
“Yes.” Sherlock gasped causing the little colour he had to drain from his skin. “Need him...Moriarty.”
Hello!!!
Greg pushed away from the wall, turning to look at John in the eye. “What you did…John, what the hell happened to you?”
"So forcing us to talk on things we dont want to talk about." John sighed falling back against the sofa.
"I love you. I love you. I love you." He whispered slowly into curls so soft and smelling so damn good he couldn't help but smile through his tears. "I love you so damn much, don't leave me,  not ever. Take me with you no matter what, because I will protect you, I will help you, I will heal you...always."
"On the dive, you will do absolutely nothing without direct orders from me, and you will follow my instructions without discussion. Is this clear?" Coffey says finally looking around at everyone. "Alright, I want everyone finished and ready to get wet in fifteen minutes."
Gun shots rang out all around him but he made it with only a graze on his arm.
"He's let me lead for now, you just make sure they stay put."
Sherlock’s voice broke through Johns dreams causing him to wake with a start. Sitting up he was instantly on edge as he took in the dark room looking for what had caused the panic in Sherlock’s voice but finding nothing.
"You can go, if you want."
Fighting hard he took down another two men before being able to grab hold of a gun one of them had dropped.
"I was wounder if you would like to leave Sherlock another message."
"Not according to John. You talk in your sleep and well he told me you have cried out more than once."
“Right, so these things you saw, vehicles of some sort right? I mean you said the large one was sixty foot across so it can’t be one of them right? Oh! What if they already know? What if the FBI or CIA or whatever already know? I mean you see programs abo-“
“No…your brother and that pesky DI have forced my hand, they have cut the time line and I am fed up of watching the two of you acting as though this is easy.” He moved closer to Sherlock his dead eyes holding the clear crystal eyes. “This is not easy.”
He had found the bomber, but the man had gotten off the train at that last stop, he had planted the bomb on the cab next to his, yet the explosion was that powerful it had reach him. But he couldn’t place the man’s face, his eyes, but he was sure he knew him, sure he had seen him before.
"I need to leave...I need...oh god." His breathing changed, becoming erratic and hard, his chest changed from full to empty and he could feel the panic building. Leaning forward as the room spun he placed his hands on his knees and just stayed that way. Static noise filled his ears as his eyes blurred but through it all he found he could still hear Sherlock. Sherlock who was talking softly, who was trying his hardest to help, to reasure, to do anything to help John through what was currently happening.
“A meeting come to a rather quick ending. It gave me a chance to get here early.” The man lowered his phone. “I thought you would like the chance to go and get some sleep.”
The other started at him, Molly and Greg with a slight smile to their faces, Mike was still pulling worms from his hair but he stared with respect, whereas Sally and Philip didn’t look at all impressed.
Sherlock continued to just look at him, his crystal like eyes still full of pain.
“Won’t let me anywhere near him.” John held Greg’s eyes, waiting for the DI to understand.
Sherlock fought against the marine that was taller than him and also a hell of a lot stronger, but that didn’t deter him as John shouted for help all the while staring down Coffey.
Wrong.
A growl started deep in John's chest as he stood, causing Sherlock to untangle himself instantly, taking a step back as John turned on him.
"John." John was heating up, his heart rate ridiculously high, his eyes more than likely fully dilated.
"Wait." John lifted his hand. "So why was he sedated?"
“Damn it.” He curses recovering and bringing the camera back up and taking a few pictures as the smaller craft moves down through the darkness, the larger craft long gone.
To an outsider John would look peaceful, calm, ordered. But to those that knew him would see his stillness, his lost look, his total lack of interest on what was happening outside and his loss of appetite when it came to drinking the still hot tea, because if there was one thing John Watson hated, it was letting tea go cold, so he always drank it scalding hot.
“No, don’t, I would do anything to help him.”
Looking about the open space he listened.
"You... You will stay?"
They were experiencing difficulties and Sherlock had lost a lot of blood, probably too much as John was sure he had seen them run for blood at least four times.
“Good.” Sherlock relaxed and closed his eyes as he let out a breath. “Good.”
John turned to Greg his eyes hard.
One of the Marines, Wilhite, had drowned after getting stuck under one of the subs, while trying to secure it. Three crew memebers had drowned in the drill room, while another two had drowned in the crew quarters as it was the first level to flood.
"Because it is not ever day you get an offer such as what you have asked every day." She answered honestly.
"Ten-four, Holmes, read you loud and clear." Sally came back.
"I love you, you damn bastard!" John replied with a smile as his arms tightened around Sherlock’s waist.
However, as the crane settles it starts to shift and then suddenly its starts to roll towards the edge of the abyss and then disappears pulling the umbilical that is still attached to the rig with it.
Sherlock, you should have been back five minutes ago,” a voice laced with warning called out to him.
"Oh god yes!" Smiling she sat up and her and John turned their attention to Sherlock.
"Yes, lots of fun."
They also kissed and kissed until breathing became nessasary and touch became too much.
"I have you Sherlock." John whispered as his hands run up Sherlock’s sides to his shoulders then down his arms where he took hold of Sherlock’s wrists.
"What?" The man's voice shook slightly.
"Weird how?"
“The storm's gonna last longer than 12 hours.”
“Greg I will do this with or without you, but I need to go, now!”
"Sherlock Holmes if you dont at least kiss me sensless right this second I will walk out of here and don't expect me to return any time soon."
"You climbed back up."
"I thought you had a day off."
"His men are here, but wether they were ready or not is something to be seen."
"Start with why you have never told me."
"You are here now Sherlock, he is your friend."
“What brought the sub down?” He asks his eyes hard as granite.
John shakes his head a smile on his face. "No, unless its to make tea."
John's grip on the phone tightened and he slowly took in a breath before letting it out slowly.
"Hey, whoah..." Molly said her eyes wide. "No one said anything about radiation! Forget it! Count me out."
Leaning forward he presses his lips to John's and slowly started to kiss him.
"No." Sherlock whispered.
Turning his head on his arms but allowing the hand to continue stroking through his hair he looked at Sherlock with sleep blurry eyes.
Greg watches as the crane falls into the water, his heart beating hard and fast as it sinks under the waves.
The man holding the gun was talking, was smiling, bragging about his genius at being the one to out wit the great Sherlock Holmes, yet Sherlock paid no attention, his whole focus on the man knelt of the floor.
"Right." Sherlock sighed.
"No don't!" Another ordered and a fourth appeared from behind the others. "Don't touch him."
"To sleep?" Sherlock asked as his hands ran up John’s back.
"Worked it...before...all this."
"Stand down Moll’s." A voice said from the door the marines had just left by.
"John?" Sherlock asked concerned.
"Tonight." Sherlock said as his arms wrapped themselves around John's back.
"I will keep it."
Sherlock stepped back from the man breathing hard and feeling suddenly exhausted.
(9:47am)
As he brushed, he talked about how Sherlock was doing, about the operation and what they had done, even going into detail about the stitches used. It was easy to talk about it, easy to tell the man before him about the surgery rather than anything else. After all, all he was doing was relaying facts, nothing more.
"You're scared."
"We keep trying. He could surprise us all but until we try we wont truly know what damage was done."
Sherlock spins and fires up the radar and watches as it pings, tracking the crane.
“I know.” He reached out then, his hand running gently over the back of Sherlock’s hand, but Sherlock flinched away then his eyes flew open and he stared at John.
John switched off before Sherlock got to finish what he was saying and let out a breath.
Reaching out to the mic he spoke to Sally. "Feel free not to rush back Sally."
“What? What are you so happy about?”
"Because the case has ended, we are in the middle of no where and the sky's are clear. Now come and sit down."
Passing one of the cups to Monk, who nodded his thanks, he went and sat on the only remaining chair, wrapping a blanket around his shoulders and settling into a comfy position while he sipped at his coffee.
“John?” Mary's voice said as she walked in seeing him stood at the dark window.
Once inside he went straight to Sherlock, back in the area he had been in before with all wires and tubes back in place.
"True." Moran smiled, though it really wasn't a nice smile, it was sly and downright evil.
"Flatbed, I seem to be having power issues." Sherlock said over the com, but got nothing back. "Flatbed, Flatbed do you read me over?"
"Ari, get here." John demanded suddenly. Standing she watched as he pulled free of Sherlock then ever so gently pulled the man up into his arms and whispered in his ear. Sherlock nodded and turned his back to John.
Opening the phone he growl at the locked screen and looked at Sherlock.
“Sounds good.”
Happy with his stash he turned to Sherlock and without really paying attention to his friend he quickly untied his legs and arms before using the rope of the black eyes man after digesting the man of his clothes. Once he was done he got to his feet, pulling the gun free and walked over to the door and listened. No sound came from the other side, so he gently pushed open the door and looked down either side of the hall. One side led right through the building while the other led to another set of doors, probably to the stairs.
"I... I want to, I really really want to."
Getting to his feet once again John legs it from the control room as alarms all over the rig blare, once again losing his footing as the rig tilts for a moment then slams back down onto the bedrock.
"Yes."
“Okay, so the explosion, was it just coincidence that you were on the train or was the bomb…did he do this to get to you?” John found himself suddenly on guard. This man, the man the brothers thought had planted the bomb had been here, just down the hall, he had helped John.
“Right.” He turned to John. “I hate that you know more than me.”
"Good." John placed a soft kiss to his temple, it was nice but he wanted more. Tilting his head slightly he caught John's lips, his breath catching as John increased the pressure and then moved his lips slightly. Sherlock responded and started to kiss him back, slow soft movements that caused small sparks of electricity to run down his body.
Smiling, Sherlock pulled back, leaning his forehead against John's as he caught his breath.
Sherlock sighs and lowers his arms. “Why must I continue to repeat myself!”
As he walks the corridor from the control, it is slow, as though he carries the whole damn rig on his shoulders. Smoke still fills the air, in places it is thick and he ducks under it as best he can as he continued forward.
"Like what?" John asked again looking down at his mug of tea.
"What do you mean?"
“He squeezed my hand, only slightly but it was there.”
It was a perfectly slow kiss that asked for nothing more, it just simply was what it needed to be.
“You can leave now.” John finally said as he got to his feet.
"Hey John." The man behind the desk says with a smile.
“He needs to go under now!” John almost shouted at Mary.
"If it helps he missed it too." John nodded to Sherlock who was being placed on a stretcher.
"You will be next." He said as he shifted, lifting Sherlocks leg and placing it at his shoulder. "Are you ready love?"
"Copy that, continuing forward." Sherlock says through gritted teeth. "You just want me to get shots of everything."
It took ten minutes, but in the end Sherlock finally stepped out of the car.
John turned then, his eyes still dull but it didn't worry Sherlock as John lent up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
“I’m right here…. I’m right here, right here.” John kept saying this over and over, he kept on telling Sherlock to come to him, but the man wouldn’t move, so he just kept on talking to him, telling Sherlock that he was right there and he wasn’t going to leave.
Another sigh.
"And why do we need Ari for that?" John tilted his head to allow Sherlock more acsess but kept his eyes on Ari.
“We have to get warning to the surface.” Coffey mutters as he pulls free a short-barrelled assault rifle. “Do you know what that means?” Schoenick doesn’t answer just watches as Coffey loads the weapon and then tosses the rifle to Schoenick
“John…” He gasped searching out the doctor.
Sherlock was upon him then, a hand in silver hair while his other hand found John's lower back and pulling him against his own body while his lips crushes themselves against John’s. They kissed and kissed, gasping for air only when they needed to and then crashing back together again until someone loudly cleared their throat.
"Okay so far." John replies.
"I...John...." Fingers ran through curls, pulled slightly before gripping the edge of the hospital bed causing his knuckles to go white. "I'll be at home then."
"Oxygenated fluorocarbon emulsion." Monk take a clear plastic box full of O-rings a shelf and dumps them out. He opens the canister and pours some of the fluid into the box. Then he takes Beany by the tail off Molly’s shoulder.
“I just do.” John felt Sherlock turn his face to bury his nose in John’s hair. “Who are you? How have you infected me so?”
But now Sherlock was looking at him as though he was the most radiant thing he had ever seen, a look John knew well because he had seen it so many times in his own face whenever he caught himself staring at Sherlock.
Suddenly Sherlock looked to the man, his crystal eyes cold as ice.
"In the crook of her elbow." John said running his thumb over the area again this time uncovering a small puncture mark. Smiling he turned to Sherlock who was now crouched next to him.
"John is adverse to touch Sherlock, I told you this."
“A week ago, when I have my panic attack. He…well I guess he helped me.”
"What?" Sherlock asked with a frown.
After another half an hour Sherlock started to feel the affects of the pain killers, something made evident as the man's body started to relax and colour slowly returned to his cheeks. By the time he was able to talk without gasping Mycroft had appeared and was sitting in John's chair.
The stones crunched under his feet as he walked the gardens. He didn't much care that it was raining, that his jumper was already soaked through, that his shirt was stuck to him and water from his hair dripped down his neck.
“They'll be back in two hours.”
"No."
Letting out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding he turned and looked into pale, ever changing eyes.
“Yes he will, he will care because I tricked him.” John smiled against the pale fingers. “He will love it, love the mystery of it, will want to learn everything…everything.”
The voice was grounding, soft, with a sing song lilt to it.
Turning, John picked up the land line phone and held it to his ear but no dialing tone was heard.
"As soon as I take this you will leave."
"Because I made Mycroft end it."
John gasped as his retort was stollen from him, soft warm lips covering his, stealing his words and breath all at the same time.
He was free, he got out, he did it...how did he do it?
"Okay." Was all John could get out as he took the card and just looked down at it for a moment. When he looked back up Mycroft was already leaving through the doors.
Letting out yet another sigh he allowed his body to grow heavy, and let his mind start to wonder till sleep finally took him as well.
"Liar." John looked down at the man and couldn't help but smile.
Mary stood just outside the door to the cafe her eyes searching for John. She was dressed once again in her nurse’s uniform after leaving the O.R, doctor Ansari having asked her to bring John up to the surgical floor.
"It's okay." Sherlock interrupted. "I'll be right behind you."
"It's fine. I'm fine." John tried to reassure, but then Sherlock took in Maddie, the bandage on her face, the state of her clothing, he also looked about the room.
"What..." Touching the wall again he frowns deeply. "Why are you out there?" He asks the Man, when no answer come he turned to find himself alone.
John looked between the two brothers. “Wait, he planted the bomb.”
"She thinks you...we, would be better off working together."
"I promise to try." Sherlock offered with a small smile.
"Sherlock-" John tried to intrupt.
Leaving her office she followed after the already running Orderlies as they head in to the apartment and searched for John. Cathy walked to the bedroom, her eyes falling on the pile of clothes on the bed then to John spread out on the floor.
As the power came back on Sherlock brought the cab back under control and looks down at his hands as they shake slightly.
“Not bad, the teachers are nice and you should be in the same class as me and Mike. Sally, Greg and Philip are in the year above us.”
Standing he walked to the sofa and fell on it his hands coming together before the tips of his fingers press against his chin.
"He has been holding onto this for a long time. He has been there for me now it's my turn."
(9:59am) Thanks...I really have to go, just be careful with this case, please look after yourself. JW
"We don’t have to talk right now, you showed me and answered my first question. That is enough, but I will listen when you want to tell me more."
“Sherlock? Sherlock…don’t you dare pass out on me.”
"What else?" Sherlock asked as Mycroft lowered him to a seat.
Another knock sounded forcing him to take a step back then John appeared from the bedroom his dressing gown halfway on when he paused and looked at Sherlock just as another louder knock came.
"Hey 'Lock. You just hold on okay." John felt as though he should look away, that he was intruding on a very personal moment, but he couldn't. Seeing how much Mycroft cared for his brother was reassuring, it meant that Sherlock had someone if he didn't remember John once he woke, something that was very possible given everything that had happened.
"No, because I never told you. But you knew about Harris."
"He was a drug user."
Mike was silent a moment then let out a breath. "Look just stay out of his way or maybe try to be civil when he gets out."
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was harsh, rough from screaming, dry from lack of water.
"Hello Donavon." Sherlock said speaking into the com mic.
“John?” Mycroft asked from behind him.
"I...what...oh my god." Sherlock felt his legs go just as John took the knife from his hand.
“Again, it makes sense.”
John nods before jumping into the pit, grabbing Moriarty by the stained shit he wore and pulled him up till the thin Irish man stood, moaning in pain as John pushed him to the side of the pit.
Leaving Sherlock by the bed he gathered together warm clothing for them both. Passing the clothes to Sherlock so they could both changed quickly before John pulled back the covers and crawled into the bed.
All he knew was that seconds ago Sherlock was rushed from the ER his only chance now was to have an operation in the hope that the bleeding could be stopped, that they could find the source and repair it before it was too late.
John had said, he had told Sherlock he couldn't talk to him directly and so Sherlock had respected that and not answered.
"He said he would do it again, that he would..." John sighed grabbing Sherlock’s wrist in a way Cathy was used to seeing when it came to talking about Sherlock jumping. "That he would jump if it meant saving me."
“Okay.”
"I don't care...nothing bothers me, so why keep this attached to me? Why force food into me? Just let me waste away, I wont be missed."
"Get him away from the cage." Moran order the two.
"Can i have one?" He asks opening his eyes to find John looking rather intently at his lip's which in turn caused Sherlock to smile. "Let me have one and you can steal another kiss."
“Yeah, I think I would be weird too if I saw my parents being killed.” John said with an edge to his voice.
"What is your name?" He asked as he cleaned the wound.
"John this is not your doing and I could never leave when you need me the most, to do that would be unforgivable!" John felt soft loving kisses being placed into his hair, could feel Sherlock shaking as he held back tears. "I love you John. God how I love you!"
"What?"
Within the rig the sounds of the cord hitting the hull rings out with loud thuds and with the crane moving ever closer the pinging on the radar becomes faster and faster.
"Maybe when we get out of here. Its been close to two years since I even touched my gun."
"So, wait." John said as held up a hand, almost like a child wanting to ask a question as the adults talked over him.
“Sherlock-“
Turning away he stops as Coffey calls his name.
Feeling himself tense slightly John went to look away, he really did but the man seemed intent to keep them both connected. Slowly a small smile formed on the others lips and John couldn't help it, he smiled back.
"Yes and look at how well they healed!"
"We should leave them. The sedative will wear off in an hour or so." Cathy said as she headed to the door. Mark and Steven had already left so once Mycroft stepped out of the bedroom Cathy closed the door quietly behind her.
“I…” He blinked then looked up at John his eyes suddenly widening. “Oh god…”
"It's time." Mary placed a hand on John's shoulder squeezing slightly.
That had been the morning after the cabbie. After their first night together in what was to become their bed, in their bedroom and in their flat.
They didn’t go far, just a few doors down a long hall was another room just like John's but inside was a proper hospital bed and monitors. Upon the bed was Sherlock, his pale skin still grey, eyes closed and most of his upper body covered in bandages.
“Please, please just don’t leave, not like this, not now. You just need to hold on.”
Mary looks at him with with an eyebrow raised and a small smile on her lips. “Really? You don't know?”
“Trainee, fourth year. Not quite a doctor yet.” Sherlock muttered.
~.~.~.~
John slowly lowers the mike as he turns to look up at Sherlock.
Damn this chapter was hard to write, a lot of the dialogue had to change due to this being John and Sherlock, but I hope it comes across well.
Tilting his head back as John started to kiss across his shoulder he smiled then stilled as John started to lift his hands and pressed them against the door.
Greg left then, leaving Sherlock alone to deal with John. John who was stood under warm water as Sherlock entered the bathroom. Stripping his clothes off, Sherlock joined John under the shower, his arms wrapping themselves around John's waist, his hand splayed over the now filled out stomache, the muscles still slight toned even after years of no training. John stayed still as Sherlock ran his lips over the back of John's shoulder, his nose running over wet blond hair before pressing his lips to the back of John neck.
"No way! No way! He can't fly a drone!" Molly sighs and shakes her head. "I'll go."
"And if he doesn't?"
John snapped.
This woke John up completely.
Then a construction worker.
"Promise."
"Very well."
John smiled and slowly worked his way into the bed until he had Sherlock resting against him, the man's long back against his chest and stomach. Gently running his fingers through Sherlock hair he kept pressing kisses to the top of Sherlock's head and smiled as he felt Sherlock melt into him.
"Sherlock, have you been seeing a therapist of your own?"
Sherlock smiled some more then just lent down and pressed his lips gently to John's. John sighed and pressed back before taking control and kissing Sherlock for all he was worth.
"He's waiting for you in the conservatory. He wanted to make sure you had some breakfast for when you woke."
Sherlock gasped at the move but stayed still allowing John to stay, allowing him to just breath in Sherlock’s sent, to feel his warmth, but also to feel his pulse with his lips.
For two days they lived in a world were their problems and fears hovered around the bubble they had created for themselves.
"Because it was the closest. Your current bedroom would take far too long to get to. That what happens when you build your room as they happen. So naturally this one came first...well actually the first room was a few doors back, but I'm pretty sure the pirate ship bed you once slept in would no longer hold your long lanky body."
Back in the control room Greg threw his headset across the desk. "God damn it! Mycroft is going to kill me."
"Derek was on shift to do that!"
"Oh god, your awake." The eyes flicked up to his but the man said nothing.
"John?"
John looked about then pulled his phone free, but it was dead.
Sitting back in his chair, Sherlock closed his lap top before running his fingers through his hair and closing his eyes.
Sighing as he lowered his arms he looked over at the man in the bed then stood and walked to the window to give his legs a much needed stretch as well.
"Leave." Sherlock repeated. "Make me do all that, all of what I did to you, but please dont make me leave."
"I got your page about the drug use, thank you, of course his course of treatment when he wakes will work around that information, until then we just need him to heal and we need I give him what he needs to do that." The doctor paused and John steeled himself. "Do we have permission to give him what he needs?"
Standing he turned to scar face and knocked him out, silencing his screams. Making his way to the other he looked down at the gurgling man then put a bullet in his head killing him out right.
"Oh yes, the most fun I've had in years. And you, you could fetch me a rather pretty penny if you just give yourself up."
“Mycroft got a tip off.” Lestrade said with a shrug.
"So that is all you stay for? The danger?" Sherlock’s tone had changed, become cold, calculating and John knew his next words would have to be spoken carefully.
“How?”
Sherlock’s legs gave out. He has been awake for the last three day, the last twenty-four had been hell as he returned to London, his fear for John overriding everything.
“If I ever here you call him weird or a freak when I’m around I’ll make sure you will pay for it.”
"Would you like to tell me?"
Before Sherlock could answer Ari stood and with a smile closed the distance to John. She was bare foot, her dress hugging her curves but flared slight at her hips, the hem ending rather short but not immodest.
"No." John shook his head. "I've been running this rig for the last four months, I know her better than anyone!"
“Okay fine. Be that way.”
“Felt what?” This was Mycroft’s voice.
"Others started to join in after that."
“Right.” Mycroft stood. “What else.”
The last week had been exhusting for John. Talking took up so much of his energy, thinking took up his energy, feeling took up his energy, but anger, anger gave him energy and he was so angry. He was also frustrated, frustrated with Sherlock's lack of talking, lack feeling and lack of thinking about anything other than John. He was happy that he had Sherlock's attention, happy that the other seemed so focused on helping John, but he knew, he knew there was something Sherlock was hiding, something that had happened while he had been away and no amount of gentle probing or patience had given John even a small amount of information to what it could be.
"Yes." He answered after a while.
"You said you would watch him!"
"Phone?" Sherlock asked.
"You know the term 'sleeper agent', you know what it entails. I'm tracked constantly and if they had any idea you knew-"
“Sorry. You have a rather large gash on your head and it’s bleeding a lot. You really should go to hospital.”
"Molly, it will be fine." Mike tried to reassure.
“No way that could just be seawater.”
"I'm here Sherlock. We can take this one step at a time, nice and slow, and the first step would be for you to show me."
"John?" John spun and was greated by two police officers and two paramedics.
"Don’t worry doc, we have some painkillers for ya."
Shaking his head John crosses his arms and sighs.
Silence.
John’s hands clung to Sherlock’s arms as he kissed along Sherlock’s neck, the both of them breathing hard.
And when he felt the pulse, week but there, he felt like crying.
"What the hell was that?"
And that....is it.
“John I- “Sherlock suddenly scream again causing John to tense, his heart rate rocketing.
"Wilhite, anything?" Coffey asks one of his marines.
"Yes...please yes!"
Most days found him lying on the sofa, hands clasped beneath his chin as he wondered the halls of his mind palace. He tried to sort through his thought and feelings with regards to John.
"I can't survive without you Sherlock. I tried, but I failed. Now you're not really here and I...damn this." John hissed pulling his hands free and walking backward till his back hit the wall. He needed to calm himself, to recenter himself and he needed to do it now!
"Yes."
John kissed him then and though his mind drew a blank against all the other kisses before this he knew this wasn't the first because his body remember, his lips remembered and they moved with John's, danced with John's until he couldn't take anymore and so pulled back to breath.
“A three-eighths socket on a long extension.” Sally holds out her last tool which John takes and replaces with what she asked for. “So there you were-“
"Today was a good day, for the both of us. Thanks for coming."
"When do you think the boss will get involved?" Moran again.
"Agreed."
“You better kill me before you do anything to him.”
"Dimmock, you there mate?" He asked turning back the way he came. "Dimmock?"
"Please John, I just need something to suck on." As soon as the words left his mouth his eyes widened as John gasped and took a step back, clearing his throat just as they both blushed
John suddenly smiled. "Yes, hospital food and painkillers."
"He called every day!" Mycroft hit his umbrella to the ground in frustration. "He would listen to your voice, then hang up!"
It would seem the damn had been broken.
John beamed. “You have no idea.”
"I know." Sherlock said as his eyes close and he fell back under.
Slowly, Sherlock sits up slowly till he is sat up straight before reaching out to John, one hand covering John’s mouth while the other shakes him awake, his eyes never once leaving the water snake before him.
By the time Revenge of the Sith finished Sherlock felt hungry. Sure the cake had gone done well but he wanted something more. The problem was it was nearly eight and the kitchen would be closed up by now. There was a kitchen in the flat but he had no food in.
Sherlock sat back, he couldn’t tell John he planned on killing the man, that he had in fact killed a lot of men in the last twenty months. He also couldn’t tell John that for it to work, for him to get into the hotel room to do the deed, he needed to shamelessly flirt with the man he was to meet.
Opening his eyes he blinked as the pain helped to clear his mind.
Cathy really wasn't going to let him off as easily as John had. She had been sat, patiently waiting for nearly twenty minutes, her hands clasped neatly in her lap while her blue eyes just kept on looking at Sherlock.
When he opened his eyes he moaned and slowly pushed himself up. His head pounded, but for the first time everything felt clear, but it also hurt and it was the pain that was winning. He couldn't stand it for much longer, so he stood, swaying slightly on his feet before heading to the bedroom and towards the night stand were the cure to his pain was held, but it also held the fog that would over take once he took it.
“John it’s not that simple.”
“Did you tell him you were with me?”
“This is him isn’t it?” Sherlock asks.
Sally suddenly appeared pounding down the corridor from the sub bay breathing hard.
“When this is over I plan on so much more.” John whispered and place a gentle kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s lips.
"Yes.
"Mr Holmes?" John looked down the hall as Mycroft was called causing the well-dressed man to stand. The man dressed in blue scrubs, still wearing his cap and looking exhausted walked over. "Mr Holmes, I'm doctor Ansari I was the lead surgeon working on your brother."
"Yeah, thank you."
John looked from Philip to the boy in the tree who was so close to his book now that there was no way he could be reading it.
They stood like that for a time. It helped that he focused on his hand that now rested against John’s chest. His fingertips felt not only the rough fabric of the coat, but also the heat of John’s body and the steady beat of John’s heart.
“Okay.” Sherlock’s voice sounded drowning out the others in the room causing them to all turn to him. “So hands up if you thought that some sort of Russian water tentacle." He looked around before facing Coffey.
Fisting his hands, he took a few steadying breaths before looking up and heading out of the hospital.
"You led me away from John, but you backed yourself into a corner. Here no one will hear your screams, and I will make you scream."
Pushing away from the door he walked through the kitchen then the livingroom, now full of pictures and evidence that Sherlock had set up that morning, going through the case with John for the first time. Glancing at it all as he moved he simply walked pass it all and headed outside to find John.
"Yes."
"They don't get put onto any list." Moran shrugged. "Just unlucky for you that I survived."
"I never forget John."
"Inconvenient."
“That scarf is ridiculous,” he called as she walked away.
“Sure, as soon as we get inside.”
"Okay. What are you feeling?"
Yes, Sherlock had some part to play but he was not the main reason. John had been suicidal when he had been sent home after being injured, it was a part of his character. He wasnt one to sit, do nothing, live a shit nine to five life, he needed action, danger, adventure. Sherlock had fed that side of him and in the year and half since Sherlock had gone his life ment nothing.
"Right." John said closing his eyes slightly as he inhaled Sherlock’s sent. "A galaxy is what stars cling to, just like plants in a solar system. But where only a small amount of plants cling to one star,  billions and billions of stars stay in a galaxy. Our star is but one in our galaxy, and our galaxy is but one in a universe full of them.
Part of his brain registered the retreat option but then everything right to his very core rejected that idea, hell would freeze over before he left Sherlock in the hands of the men before him, or to anyone for that matter.
Happy with his progress he moved onto the next bolt and started as he had done before, but this time having learnt from the first he went faster, where the first took nearly two hours, the second was done in an hour. He was just moving onto the third when a scream ripped through the quiet room.
"Yes of course." He paused running his free hand through his hair. "Mycroft?"
When he pulls back it was to the sight of Sherlock crying, tears flowing freely from his eyes, running down the sides of his face.
John was sat next to Sherlock’s bed when Lestrade returned with a change of clothing for John, a pare of dark jeans, a deep blue t-shirt and a jacket John hadn’t worn since his army day’s, a black leather jacket that sat on his hips and just made him look younger.
John woke slowly. His head felt foggy, his body like dead weight. He tried several times to push his eyes open before they finally opened.
“Why? Because if we don’t prove that what is down there isn’t Russian then Coffey will do something.”
As he waited he tried not to look around too much, he just looked down at his knees till a hand suddenly took his hand holding the tumbler and the sound of liquid filling the glass caused him to look up.
John nodded, his fingers stopped picking at the floor around the blot and he reached out to Sherlock.
“And have I compromised anything for you?”
"Only you have the keys to those Mr Holmes." Mark answers, again with a smile. John see's Sherlock look over Mark, sees his mind working, reading the man behind the desk.
"John?" A muffled voice sounded on the otherside of the door.
"Yes, but-"
"Sherlock did you fucking hear me?" John nearly shouts.
"I know. But it's okay Sherlock. I think we all forgot that you too are recovering, yourself included."
“No Sherlock.”
"Sherlock." He said, reaching out and gently touching an arm. Sherlock’s reaction was instant, he moved away from the touch a cry of pain escaping his lips.
Smiling, Sherlock turned and took John’s face in his hands. He searched the deep blue depths for a moment before running his thumb over the blood still seeping from John's head.
"I'm sorry."
“John-“Sherlock got out before his body started to fit which caused John’s fingers to become dislodged and the blood he was keeping at bay started to flow once again.
“Dare what?”
"No...no! Sherlock, I need you awake, so open your eyes!"
"Okay." Sherlock finally nodded, hoping the woman would understand he was agreeing to stay as well as agreeing to having John taken and led on the sofa.
"How long?" Sherlock asked.
"You will be telling me what I know, but I need to hear it."
"Thats it, keep increasing till it hurts." Cathy instructed.
"Mycroft will make this all go away. Just get Sherlock out of here."
John watched, Sherlock was there, he was real (this he had to keep on repeating in his mind) he was crying, panicking and clearly distressed by the whole situation.
John smiled and lifted Sherlock’s hand placing a kiss on the knuckles.
“This is real.”
"I don’t think so." John gently ran a finger down the side of Sherlock’s face before leaning down and placing a kiss to soft lips. "He's locked himself away. Probably a good thing because we have to move him."
"Of course, as long as you do everything I ask of you when it comes to your continued care."
Cathy smiled as she opened her file reading through her notes from yesterday before continuing.
John froze his eyes widening as Mary suddenly stood and went to the head of the bed.
"Shhhh"
"Mycroft will be here in an hour, just relax okay?"
“And if they don’t?” Sherlock asked in a tone that tried to hide his fear but John just saw through it. “My brother is good, but Moriarty is…he knows what he is doing, he knows what Mycroft is capable of and he is sure to have people on the inside, watching everything Mycroft does.”
“Yeah, it’s okay. I have you.” Looking up he spots the lead doctor, puts his free hand in his coat pocket and draws out the vile that would cure Sherlock. “Test it, do whatever you have to do to use it and then give it to him, just make sure it won’t kill him first.”
“John.” Sherlock moans, his body arching up as If he was trying to push himself closer. “Please.”
"Sherlock! Sherlock please you're safe, I have you and you are safe!" He wanted to believe John, he really did, but the pain was too real and this wouldn't be the first time that he had imagined John being with him.
"I, don't know."
"Up on the cliff! He just appeared out of no where."
"Yes, we had to sedated you yesterday. Do you remember that?"
"John?"
also Sherlock is a little OC in this story, but I think, given what he has gone through he deserves to be just a little OC.
“On one condition.”
Sherlock narrow his eyes and for just a second allowed himself to enter his mind and pick out the man’s name.
John was able to get Sherlock onto the sofa after an hour on the floor, his leg finally complaining enough for him to do something about it.
"You couldn't find the source of the bleeding." John said looking up.
(4:54am)
“It’s cold.”
"I thought as much." Sherlock went to sit back in the chair then paused, turing to John, his eyes cast down. "Can I sit with you?"
"Why what?"
"Oh."
"I can hear you thinking." John muttered causing Sherlock to blink and rejoin the real world.
“Seriously?” Molly asked. “Non-terrestrial intelligence?”
A Cathy POV chapter so a bit of a long one.
"You think because I catch the bad guys that I must be a good one. But try it, test it, kill John and just wait and see how very bad I can be."
," he moaned, almost choking on the word. The emotion in his voice forced a quiet, unexpected sob from my throat. "Oh John, my love..."
Mycroft proved to be just as tight-lipped about the matter as I’d expected.
For the whole length of my journey back to Baker Street, my mind kept returning to Rogozhin.
of all people would attempt to do anything uncouth. Holmes, in the meantime, went to hand the teacup over to Gabrielle. She accepted it hesitantly, her hands trembling all the while; at Holmes' calm insistence, she lifted the cup to her lips and took a couple of brief sips.
It was already half past one o'clock when I rose to grab one of the books from my small writing desk. I glanced at the spine and nodded--yes, some Oscar Wilde would do just splendidly. Perhaps, I thought, Gabrielle might appreciate hearing some poetry while we were both still awake.
Holmes had already woken up, and he was waiting for me at our small dining table. My stomach grumbled with appreciation at the sight of eggs, toast, and tea. My heart, on the other hand, fluttered as Holmes met my gaze and smiled.
I finally turned the corner onto Baker Street, and I paused for a moment by one of the lampposts to steady myself. Whether I was attempting to do so in a physical or emotional sense, I was not certain. But my hands were shaking quite horribly; I almost thought I might turn to fog and float away at any instant if I were not careful.
I smiled warmly at Holmes, hoping to dispel any shyness or uncertainty either of us may have felt.
I settled myself on the edge of the bed and wrapped my arms around Gabrielle's shoulders. She fell into my embrace at once, heaving for breath, as her tears gushed freely. The two of us sat in that fashion for a long time--I tried to whisper my reassurances that Holmes and I would reunite her with her husband, while her body shuddered from the effort of her grief.
At last the two of us separated, and I almost groaned at the loss of his presence next to me. Sometime, I vowed that I would try and prove to him even further how much he meant to me. I wanted him to know exactly how much the slightest touch or the briefest look from him set my heart fluttering.
I pursed my lips and mumbled, "Am too," and before Holmes or my nauseous stomach could prevent my actions, I leaned forward once again to peck my dear friend on the lips.
"All right," I said with a sigh. "Let’s see what we can find, then."
I often prided myself on the ability to articulate my thoughts and experiences well. Part of that sentiment, I supposed, came from taking up my pen as a writer after being discharged from my Afghan regiment. That sort of profession, even a part-time one, certainly required a certain succinctness of expression as well as a bit of a poetic flourish--although my friend and colleague Sherlock Holmes often scoffed at my creative embellishments. I was particularly proud of the accounts I had penned concerning myself and Holmes, and I suspected that--deep down--my friend was pleased to have gained such a notable reputation throughout London as a consulting detective from those very accounts of mine.
Holmes moved his hands up toward the scarring on my shoulder now. He pressed down more gently as he passed over the uneven ridges. He had always shown great care to both of my injuries--in my shoulder and in my leg--and had never mocked their appearance. No thoughts of that sort had ever seemed to cross his mind, and I was immeasurably grateful for it.
my stupid brother! What the devil did he say to you?"
I sipped more wine, sighed deeply, and continued.
has. I've observed it in many ways, but especially in the way he looks at you -- like you're the center of the world in which revolves. He doesn’t look at very many people like that, you know.”
"And here I thought I’d finally be able to give my insufferable bore of a brother a piece of my mind," Holmes murmured. "But perhaps that can wait until another time."
He went to work quickly. He began pulling sections of his cane apart--it was a marvelous contraption I had found in a speciality shop last year and gifted to him on his birthday. I smiled, remembering how thoroughly pleased he was by it. I hardly ever saw him go out without that cane by his side anymore.
Now came Holmes' footsteps down the hall, followed by the half-closed door swinging completely open.
Holmes' hand slid to the middle of my back, and with the other hand, he brought a finger to his lips to shush me.
Again Rogozhin jostled me with his elbow, and a grin leaped onto his face this time, as well.
to be the same Victor Trevor that Mycroft had just described!
I nodded. "Oh, yes, definitely! I'd loathe to think of any misfortune that might befall you, my dear fellow. I couldn't bear losing you."
into a woman's valise like that!"
"There's no sense worrying about propriety when a young woman and her husband could both be in significant danger, Watson," he said. "I mean to find answers, and I shall do that using whatever means are necessary."
