It took Sherlock a moment longer to understand John’s words than it should have, as the last pieces of the puzzle fell smoothly into place. "No."
Tea. There. Aisle 22. Not far. He could grab the tea, maybe and get out of this infernal-
He was loved. Loved to the extent that John would go on believing long after he was gone, that John Watson, somehow, somewhere, would always, always believe in Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock swallowed against the realisation- what he’d known, resolutely known with the kind of certainty he usually reserved for more important things which were rather less sentimental, such as the guilt of a serial killer or the location of the key to the lock which hadn’t been opened in more years than he had thoughts in an hour. Something he was impeccably sure of but hadn’t fully comprehended the significance of.
He picked up the envelope, slid his thumb under the flap, lifted out the plain white card.
John’s voice was steadier now, and in the dark Sherlock smiled, hesitated for a moment. He very much wanted to be not-Sherlock for a moment, a second or two so that he would finally just be able to-
Again un-beta'd, please let me know of any stupidity. Thank you so much for the support so far! I have no ownership or power over these beautiful guys, all credit for the characters goes to Moffat, Gatiss and Sir ACD, whom I'm certain would detest everything I've forced these men to do.
Sherlock- On the way John’s breath felt against his neck, the comfort of holding the other man safely against his chest, on the possibility of an experiment: How close would his John have to be for him to feel his breathing? How many breaths would
“He shifts his grip to my neck, holding me tighter, nails digging into my skin, and he can't quite breathe now, but it's fine, he'll say what he needs to say. ‘Buy her a pint, Johnny, and tell her to let my little girl know that daddy loves her, yeah? Buy yourself one. Tell my ma... Tell her I'll look after my Granda' and her sister, yeah? Tell her I'm in the flowers, yeah? Them daisies that she likes, the bright 'uns... And my da, John, you gotta' tell my da that he did good, yeah? Raising me and Eddy, tell him he did good. And Eddy, he needs... he needs to get his grades, yeah, so he can write his books and make a mint, look after Mam and Da.’
It still made Sherlock smile years later, when he emerged from an experiment induced focus, to find John fast asleep, sprawled across the couch with the cat- hastily christened Winston by mutual agreement of the need for a name which came from someone both admirable and 'at least somewhat intelligent'- curled up and purring on his chest. John’s hand curled protectively over the cat’s head; and for his part, the cat seemed utterly content to guard John’s sleeping form until Sherlock moved over, sat on the floor by the couch, and took up his own sentry position, when the cat laid his head down and napped peacefully. Neither man, nor the cat moved, until Mrs Hudson called up the stairs that there was a documentary about Sherlock on television, and did they want coffee. They did, and ended up watching squashed together on the couch with Mrs Hudson, Winston moving from one lap to another as he pleased, as they had done and would continue to do for many evenings to come.
Perhaps somewhere else would be better. Somewhere less busy. Somewhere a little more-
John would always want Sherlock to live. Always. He would always believe in his living, even when faced with the truth of his death, because it had been made plain that the truth was often rather more of a lie than it seemed, when it came to his own mortality. He would go on checking his pulse, assuring himself that his love was living and breathing and vitally alive, and he would never, ever accept the end of him.
John’s lips quirked into a tired semblance of a smile. “A joker, brilliant. Everything I need during the late shift.” The smile didn’t waver as he moved to gently probe at Sherlock’s ankle with latex covered fingers, despite the annoyance evident in the lines of his face and the tense set of his shoulders.
John chuckled and sat down, deciding that he’d play Sherlock’s game. His words had almost brought tears to John’s eyes. Sherlock wasn’t much of a lyricist usually; John wasn’t used to such levels of sentimentality.
“I apologise for my tardiness in relation to my injuries. I’m sorry I couldn’t hurt myself at a more convenient hour for you.” He raised an eyebrow in return, at least able to appreciate the sarcasm- a language he spoke fluently and often. It was, in a way, his apology, and it seemed to work as John’s fingers continued to poke around the swollen lump of Sherlock’s ankle.
He hadn't anticipated
The boxes sat on the kitchen table. They had been carefully wrapped with nimble fingers. Ribbon had been cut to precise lengths, and tied in place. The paper was brown, functional, durable; and the ribbon, while fanciful, served to keep the paper in place as he hadn’t bothered with tape. It was a deep aubergine purple, smooth and silky. Each loop of was symmetrical and organised to absolute perfection, and even the boxes themselves had been set out in neat formation, spaced evenly, the edges aligned.
“Sorry?” He glanced up as though he’d misheard, his face clearing once Sherlock repeated himself, a bored expression coating his features with distaste.
“They keep laughing- Andrews won't let Bennett have the ball- Bennett's a twig, tiny bloke, all angles. His hair's white blonde and it catches the sun. He's older than Jonathan, but he looks younger. Much younger, barely sixteen. Andrews is tossing it about, it's like piggy in the middle, but with grown men and it looks so stupid, I have to laugh. Andrews tosses it to me, I toss it back…
Sherlock wet his lips nervously. “I ought not mention the teapot, then?”
Despite, or perhaps because of his evident distaste of the lower level medical staff which approached him, Sherlock waited for more than three hours before he was shown through to see a doctor, and at his first glimpse of sandy, unassuming blonde hair, he very nearly turned and left the hospital. The man he was faced with appeared to be a fool. Over tired, impossibly bored, completely ignorant of the admiring glances the porter shot him, he seemed to be no more than a well meaning, mildly dim witted bloke. Certainly below Sherlock’s meticulous standards- and he’d hate to consider the views of his brother on the matter.
“And then I can't any more because it hurts, it hurts so bad, and there's nothing else, nothing else but how much it hurts, and the praying isn't working because I'm dying, I have to be, I must be, I'm a doctor, I know when someone's dying, and I can hear my pulse and it's so fucking slow. The adrenaline's good for nothing, now, it's killing me faster, pumping my blood out of me and onto the sand even quicker, and-" He broke off, heaved a breath, stopped to fight the slow, sickening roll of his stomach at the memory.
Beta'd by and dedicated to nat_scribbles for Valentines Day, because I'm rubbish at presents. I love you. <3
“What, y’mean-?” John stood to demonstrate, strutting around an imaginary pole, humming ‘All that Jazz’ and holding back his giggles, though the effort turned his face pink.
“I look up, and the lads, the lads on the other side, they're staring at me. Their guns are down, they killed the guys that killed Nick- but I can hear the fighting everywhere else and it's not safe, it isn't, but I can't leave Nick there, not when he has a family who'd want to take him home. So I drag him, start to drag him, back towards the lads, and they get up, and they're about to come and help me, and then there's a series of shots…”
He added the rose to the pint glass, and hurried down the stairs, getting into the cab and waiting for it to pull away before he opened the note from his pocket.
Hell. It was hell. It never, ever stopped, so much noise, all the time, and here, here it was endless. Endless streams of maddening-
“It sounds... Complicated. More than I’d anticipated.” John’s lips quirked again, mild amusement and intrigue, and not a little admiration.
“I know.” And suddenly he did know: Sherlock Holmes knew that he would never again leave John Watson’s side. Not in the manner with which they had last parted, at least.
“You were
Well this started life as part of a roleplay, and things escalated from there rather quickly. As usual, all characters belong to Gatiss, Moffat and Sir ACD, who I'm sure would hate be for all the things I've made his boys do.
“Thank you.”
He stopped, hearing the blasts of gunfire all over again and despite being safe, curled around his lover further in their bed. His breath hitched with each bang which resounded in his head, fingers twitching as though he was picturing pressing the trigger himself.
The third had matching accessories- a milk jug, a sugar dish, a spoon for the sugar and a little bowl for lemon slices.
This is unbeta'd, as it is dedicated to my darling beta, Nat. You're the Watson to my Holmes, Nat, and I believe in you. I think perhaps, some of this may be just a little familiar. It was, after all, mostly written during a two and a half hour flight that I wish I'd never had to take, following the best weekend of my life- that was bound to have just a hint of influence. I'd gift it to you, if I had the slightest inclination of how to go about doing so. You'll be unsurprised to know I don't, and as such, this is the best I can do. Happy one month, you idiot. <3
Sherlock’s lips never quite met their target as John rocketed to a sitting position all of a sudden, his breath coming in short uneven gasps of fear. Sherlock was left in a half pout, momentarily confused because his sleep addled brain could not process the data his eyes offered quickly enough- his love: frozen with panic, facing the wall and shivering, one hand running over his face to wipe away the sweat which had beaded at his temples.
- Jam. He likes jam, too, for breakfast, with his tea, and so Sherlock ought to get some. Some tea. And some jam. And the kettle. Now, probably, if he could only figure out which aisle-
“I unsheathe the knife- it's there for cutting rope, really, but there's no rope handy and there's only one thing I really need it for. I consider undoing my belt, fixing my teeth on it, something to bite down on, but there isn't time. I know the bullet went through, came out the other side, and that's fine, but there's still shrapnel, I know there is, so I brace myself and start to dig the shrapnel out, and I think I'm screaming, but I can't hear it. I manage that, and I was going to pack it, a rough field dressing, but there's blackness closing in, so I just lie back, and I'm praying- I don't believe in God but I'm praying because there's nothing else to do now, I'm pleading, "Please God, let me live, let me live, please, God." And then I'm begging because there's no Emmaline for me back home, and there's no little girl, but some day I hoped there would be and I want that chance, so I pray, I pray to everything I don't believe in because I'm not fucking done, okay?
He stopped, running out of breath, the words already half choking him, memories thick. He couldn’t get what he wanted to say out fast enough, he felt like he was purging it all, he could already anticipate the relief of getting it out in the open.
Sherlock swallowed, the gentle, calming stroke of his fingers becoming more insistent. “Here. Here.” He didn’t even bother to frown over his own repetition, just drew the trembling doctor down into his arms, sandy head tucked just barely beneath the detective’s chin, resting heavily against his shoulder. Each quivering breath kissed Sherlock’s throat, drew it’s own sympathetic shiver from the brunette’s own form.
It was a simple response to a simple question; it was to the point, logical. Answer question with fact, empirical evidence and objective opinions: No, John's flinching had not at any point caused a foot to collide with a shin, or anything of the like. That was good, solid fact.
“I’ve never been particularly superstitious. It lacks logic, and terms like ‘luck’ and ‘fate’ make me want to hit something... But I’ve found there are certain things that bring me comfort.” He smiled slightly. “Woollen jumpers. Roses. And the number two. Many people choose that, as their lucky number, you know. Two. I’m not sure why, though there is an appeal. The appeal to me, in this case, is the final meaning of those two roses that you’re holding, John. There’s a meaning associated with two roses.” He hesitated, cocked his head to one side as he looked John over, assessing. “Two roses, twined together... Like the ones that you’re holding... They mean ‘Marry me.’”
John- On the horror of relieving the not-dead-dying twice in one night, on the overwhelming gratitude that Sherlock seemed to inspire in him a little more often than was strictly necessary, on the warmth emanating from his genius.
John chuckled, tucked the card in his pocket, and spent the journey gazing out the window, trying to figure out where they were headed. The taxi appeared to be circling, taking winding backstreets, and it didn’t take long for John to realise that Sherlock was buying himself time. Eventually things became more linear, and the car pulled up outside The Regent’s Park. The cabbie turned round, held out a small blue envelope, and then a rose with shockingly blue petals. “Mr Holmes left these for you, Mr Watson.” John took them, opened the envelope, pulled out the card.
Sherlock's face fell into a pout. ("I didn't pout, John. I don't pout. It's undignified." A pout spread across those perfect pink bow lips as he spoke- years afterwards.  "Yes you do, and yes you did, and yes you are. You definitely pouted! Now let me get on with telling Greg, okay?") And he mumbled, "It's not for an experiment, John! I found it, is all."
John looked around the room, eyebrows drawn together in a frown, and his gaze landed on it. Set atop the stove, a shiny metal kettle, the kind which whistled, of a sort nobody often used anymore. Bright copper which reflected the clean state of the rest of the kitchen. Wonderful and a little tarnished around the bottom, used and mildly battered, and John through and through. A little note was tied to the handle:
Sherlock blinked in surprise. He didn't want to keep the cat. It was just that he'd passed the box on his way home, and he didn't think that even he was heartless enough to leave the poor thing to meet it's end on a cold London street. He'd meant what he'd suggested about giving it to Mrs Hudson- he'd decided that would be the best course of action on the way home and it simply hadn't occurred to him that she mightn't want a kitten.
“Don’t. Die, I mean. For me? Please.”
He shifted to sit up, looking around the room. A thermal flask of tea sat on the bedside table, steam rising from the small hole in the lid and winding up towards the ceiling. He smiled gratefully, sipped it, and hummed in pleasure as the hot liquid slipped smoothly down his throat and warmed him.
“A what?” John asked, his face contorting in confusion.
“Was it?”
“How did you do it, then?”
The ribbon fell aside with a sharp tug, the paper loosening immediately. It crinkled with every brush of tanned fingers, revealing the wicker box beneath, lined with white cotton. The box could be reused, time and again, for other gifts, or for storage of papers or soaps or socks. A thoughtful detail, if unnecessary. It had been filled, loosely packed with fragrant hay, which smelt warm and grassy and sunny.
His room, which housed, in fact, more of Sherlock’s things than it did John’s. Things the detective had bought or leant or given or gifted to John whenever he was in need. Things he had, on occasion, had to break before John was willing to accept the replacement. Things which were never anything other than wonderful, gladly appreciated, and cherished. Things he made use of, and loved, and which made him smile- just having them there.
"It's not rats, John!" Sherlock reached in and pulled out a small, squirming ball of fur.
The blonde, for his part, was staring back, face blank. Eventually, he blinked, came back to himself, and positively roared, “WHAT. THE BLOODY FUCK. HAVE YOU DONE. TO MY GODDAMNED KETTLE?!”
Atop the hay in the first basket laid boxes. Decorative. Matte black with shiny leafy patterns wound around the corners. They were filled with tea, all sorts of tea, and fresh coffee beans and tiny little bottles of flavourings for the coffee.
"I take his pulse, because it's habit, and I somehow hope that he’s fine, there's been a mistake, and it hasn't ended quite like that, but he's really dead and I wonder how I'm not, because after all we're in the open now and I've been a sitting duck for the past ten minutes.
"It's nothing new, not really. I've never been switched off post before, but this run to the 'copters, to the village, it's nothing new in itself. I'm scared. We're all scared, always scared. You'd be an idiot if you weren't. It doesn't show though. There's adrenaline, and that helps, we're all buzzing, all high on it. That's what we are, really. We're not soldiers, we're junkies. Living to die, that's the point. There are men here who never planned to come out of it alive- who don't want to. Some will, some won't, but it gave us all something to live for, for a while longer. Even me, and I always meant to come home, but God, the high’s a rush…
“... You want a demonstration?” Sherlock’s face morphed from relaxed indifference into a subtle flirtatiousness, accompanied by a coy, knowing smirk.
“Neither did I. I thought, too, but...” He didn’t know, either, anymore, which time he was talking about. His own almost-death, or living in the shadow of Sherlock’s.
Miraculously, John had let it go. Had allowed the half lie. The hurt may not have been meant, but it was ever present regardless and nothing could be done to retract it. A different tactic, then.
John smiled, "Gosh, you're a pretty puss-cat... We'll have to get you to the kitty cat shelter. I hope whoever takes you home gives you a better name than Smidge." The kitten mewled, and started to knead his claws into John's jumper, pulling out loops of wool in the process. John chuckled again, held out his hand, loosely curled into a fist and the kitten stretched to rub his cheek over John's knuckles, nudging at his hand until his fingertips rested in the fur on the top of his head. Sherlock reached out, tentatively mimicked John's loose fist. The cat nuzzled at his hand, then lifted a paw. Sherlock immediately tried to withdraw, instinctively fearing a scratch, but John's gaze met his. "Its fine, 'Lock. He's just saying hello." Sherlock stilled, and the cat patted at his hand, claws retracted.
“... Yes, John. Sorry, John.” The detective blushed, and John scowled and turned away to get ready- without his habitual cuppa. Fifteen minutes later, he was leaving, a grim smile on his face. It was a petty win, really, but oh, it glowed. Sherlock hated shopping, hated shops, and hated the shoppers who frequented them, and it would be hellish for him to tolerate that kind of environment for any length of time. Marvellous.
More followed, until his lips met John’s lips, neither quite sure who’d closed the gap. A soft smile, a gentle teasing bite at one achingly perfect cupid’s bow; and a slow, leisurely lick at one thin, chapped lower lip; and an hour filled with long drawn out minutes later, resulted in a quietly sated John, sleeping peacefully once more in his lover’s arms.
“Pole.”
Without even thinking about it, the process never fully making it’s way through his impossible brain, Sherlock’s lips collided with the mussed up grey-blonde mess of John’s hair. “It’s okay.” This a whisper, unbidden, slipping from his lips as easily as the kiss.
What should I have done?!”
“A shoulder mount. It’s... No, I can’t explain, not in layman’s terms, in a way you’d understand.”
“... Looks sore.”
“It’s not toxic!” The genius called from his room. “But don’t touch it! It’s important!” Sherlock emerged, draped in his sheet, manic curls of hair stuck up in all directions. “And don’t touch the kettle either!” He stared at John. “Are you listening, John?”
“I ask, Sherlock, for one goddamn thing! For the things in this kitchen to be clean. You can experiment on the table, keep bloody heads in the fridge, do what you like- But I want fresh tea in a clean cup and food that’s not full of acid and dirt.” He deflated, a little, rubbed his hands over his face. “Is it so much to ask that you put things in clearly labelled Tupperware and leave the appliances alone?” A sigh was heaved, frown lines rubbed away, and then he slowly stepped closer. “I expect a new fucking kettle, Sherlock. I’m going out, and I’m not coming back until you tell me that you’ve bought a replacement kettle.” Punishment enough, perhaps- put the three year old in a shop and leave him to his own devices.
, Sherlock?! Not worried when the only person I... When the man who... When Sherlock-Bloody-Holmes just lets himself drop, fall, and you, Sherlock,
The blonde was sat with his head buried  in the crossword, pen between his teeth, empty mug of tea beside him, left on the couch- probably John had picked it up intending to get another when an answer for the puzzle had come to the forefront of his mind, and he’d laid the mug down to fill it in, and then promptly forgotten about the tea.
“You sound surprised.” Sherlock didn’t even blink as he spoke, fully anticipating the response and deeming it unworthy of his attention.
When he reached the top, he lowered the box gently to the floor, bracketing it still with his legs whilst he shrugged out of his coat and tucked the scarf into his pocket before hanging his coat up on the hook. He toed off his shoes, laid them neatly beneath his coat, and then padded into the lounge in his socks- mewling box clasped firmly in both hands. "Joh-"
And Sherlock? Well Sherlock would always believe in his John.
“Because it looked difficult.” He chuckled, rolled his shoulders again, pleased to find the ache there conspicuous in its current absence.
“Here?” When the blonde spoke, his words were soft, surprisingly caring, and Sherlock nodded gently, carefully toning down the cruelty in his voice.
“Did it hurt you, Sherlock? The not-dying?” Unanticipated. Was that compassion in John’s voice, or... Perhaps just a silver sliver of hope? Hope that he’d hurt, he’d suffered as John had.
"That's where it stops. Really that's where it stops… In real life, after that, I'm dead; and then I'm not dead and I'm alive but broken, but it's fine... In the dreams... In the dreams, I'm not dying, and I don't understand how I'm not dying, because there's not even any blood left, and I look around, and there's... Everyone. Absolutely everyone. They're all dead. Nick and his Emmaline, and Andrews and Bennett and all the rest, and then there's Lestrade, and Dimmock and Donovan and Anderson and Stamford, and Molly and- And you're there, and you're breathing, but dying, and I can see you clearly, know exactly what it takes to fix you, but I can't move, and you're begging me.
He sipped the tea thoughtfully, humming to himself. Yes, he’d play Sherlock’s game, though he’d do it in his own time. He hadn’t realised how long he’d sat there, until he tipped back the cup and no more tea flowed into his mouth. He chuckled, shook his head at his own silliness and got to his feet- leaving the pair of roses and notes on the table, before showering quickly, and then strolling through to pull on clothes.
“He looks at me, and he laughs. He laughs, and stops holding himself, stumbles backwards, out from behind the hut, into the open. I follow- I can see it, what I need to do, I'm already going through options in my head. It's probably avoided any major organs- the bullet, we pack the wound, bandage it, get him into a 'copter, he'll be at the hospital in under twenty minutes.
“Yes,” Sherlock said with a wry smile, beginning to answer the question which followed before it had even fully left John’s mouth.
However, it was equally possible that his brother was fully in the know about the state Sherlock was in, and merely hadn’t considered it to be of equal importance to the dull political trivia he dealt with on a daily basis. It certainly wasn’t impossible, nor in the slightest surprising.
“You didn’t.” Didn’t die. Didn’t leave. Didn’t break. John didn’t know either, but the not knowing is a familiar feeling for a Watson: genius not being a family trait, and so when he joined Sherlock on the floor- kneeling in such a way that threatened to set his leg off again, so he could be close, rest a comforting hand on his partner’s knee- he went willingly.
In fact, he was sure, if Mycroft were aware of his injuries, he would have been whisked towards a wonderfully prompt, perfectly clean, private clinic.
“I landed badly, is all, coming out of a shoulder mount.”
By closing hours, John was beginning to regret his outburst. He’d backed himself into a corner, saying that he wouldn’t go home until his things had been replaced. And it was all very well and good to say so, except now he had to follow through on his threat and he found himself in rather a sticky situation. He hadn’t anywhere to stay, particularly. Nowhere he’d be especially welcome, at least. A night on the lilo at Sarah’s, perhaps, only it wasn’t particularly comfortable. Greg’s couch, then? No, it couldn’t compare to his own bed. Maybe it had been something of an overreaction, after all.
Meanwhile, the owner of those long, pale fingers began to deduce the reasons behind John’s jack-in-the-box act. Increased heart rate and respiration rate, lightly coated in sweat, writhing in his sleep and-
“Pulses lie, John! It isn’t hard- to control it, with practice, if you know how. It’s technically complex, but by no means impossible, provided you’re fully aware and anticipatory of risks and other such divergences from planning. You’re a doctor, John, you should have-” and this time it was Sherlock who ran out of oxygen, who simply couldn’t continue to shout any longer without another breath. Once more, the tables turned, John’s voice filling the empty silence Sherlock’s had left behind when it had ceased, although this time it was less of a yell and more of a plea. Words cracked in two beneath the strain of simply
“... I promise.”
“How, then? If not faulty Pointe work?” John murmured as he typed and read, the dull sound of the keys ceasing as he studied the text.
His mind unconsciously settled on the question again, on John’s detailed response, the inadvertent trip into the man’s past. It hovered half way through the tale, like a stuck record, “I take his pulse, because it's habit, and I somehow hope that he’s fine, there's been a mistake, and it hasn't ended quite like that, but he's really dead and I wonder how I'm not...” Seconds later, his thoughts hitched alongside his breathing, as he recalled words he’d pushed away, which had been spoken in anger and hurt and confusion- before ‘lover’ had meant love and after falling meant landing.
"No." John didn't even look up from his newspaper, the pitiful noises coming from the box having reached his ears before Sherlock could fully articulate his name. "I don't care what's in that box, Sherlock, or why you want it in the flat. Regardless of the answers to those questions, it's not happening. I'm not having you run experiments in the kitchen on something alive." Sherlock opened his mouth to protest- John let him experiment on him all the time and he was definitely alive- but John held up a hand to silence him. "It can't consent, it doesn't count." Aside from the matter of informed consent, John was certainly not all together eager to witness the huge variety of gruesome experiments Sherlock would be sure to concoct.
John glanced out the window and sure enough, a taxi sat on the curb, waiting to pick him up. He steadfastly ignored the fact that he’d gotten half-hard reading Sherlock’s latest note, and got dressed, pulling on the jumper the card and rose had been pinned to. He dashed back into the kitchen, snipped the ends off the three roses he’d already received, and stuffed them into a pint glass full of water. The cards he tucked into his jeans pocket. Still grinning, he strolled back into the lounge, grabbed his coat and pulled it on, checking his pocket for his keys. He found not only his keys, but a small orange envelope, and a rose the colour of a sunset.
“He coughs, and there's more blood, but he's not done yet. ‘You got that, Johnny?’ I nod, and so does he, and he laughs again, but it's followed by a groan. ‘God, stop messin' about, I'm done, you little bastard, take me out...’ He's talking to the God he still believes in, and I drop my forehead to his, and he smiles again. ‘You're a good man, Johnny.... Best mate I ever had... Drinks on me, yeah? N’get yourself a nice boyfriend.’ I shake my head, open my mouth and he goes, ‘Shut up, Johnny. You're a lad's lad, and I don't care how many girls you shag, you need to be looking after a bloke, it's what you do.’ I laugh, nod, because it doesn't matter, really, does it, that he's wrong, and he starts to cough again.
John woke to rain, a splitting headache and a cold bed. He immediately wished he hadn’t, and rolled over with every intention of going back to sleep. He stretched out, sprawling across the bed, onto Sherlock’s side, and then opened his eyes when his hand encountered something which was decidedly not-bed, not-Sherlock, and was instead very something-which-should-not-be-in-our-bed-what-the-hell-is-it-Sherlock?!
Sherlock looked somewhat like he’d been hit over the head with a brick. “Well... Well I... There was this... I thought that maybe you wouldn’t... I put blood in it with hydrochloric acid and chloroform, I wanted to- well it doesn’t matter, but I needed to... And it...” John growled, a low rumble in his chest, as his eyes narrowed further.
He opened the wardrobe, and was faced with another note pinned to his favourite jumper, along with a white rose. He grinned, hurriedly tore open the envelope and began to read, stood in his boxers, water still dripping down his chest.
Thank you so much for the support so far! I have no ownership or power over these beautiful guys, all credit for the characters goes to Moffat, Gatiss and Sir ACD, whom I'm certain would detest everything I've forced these men to do.
They were still, quiet a moment more, each caught in their own thoughts:
He reached into his back pocket, pulled out another rose, this one a peachy colour, and a final envelope. John took the envelope, still silent, opened it, pulled out the card inside, and began to read.
“Praying to me, not to God or anyone else, to me, because it's my job to save you, and then you're shouting, screaming at me, and then you're dead, you're dead and bloody and then I'm dead too, but I'm trapped, I'm alive in my head and then... Then..." He swallowed again, choked back a whimper. "Then I wake up, and I can't move, because I'm trapped in the blankets and I think, just for a moment I think it's real, that I’m dead and alive all at once…”
Obviously.
“No.”
for what was between them.
Another solid fact was that it was taking every ounce of willpower Sherlock had to not push himself up far enough to press his lips to the fevered skin of John's back, to soothe him with soft kisses and mumbled reassurances which meant nothing and everything all at once... That was subjective. It was dangerous, even. Emotions: feeling. He'd done quite a bit of it before falling into the same slumber which had led his John into nightmares.
“We're waiting, and it's routine. Out the 'copter, splitting out, I'm captain and I've four men. Four men beneath me, assigned to me, but we're a team. We know each other, well. There's Nick, and he's still my right hand. Points out my flaw when I tell them to hide, behind this wall, it's dry stone, and they've got grenades- not proper ones, badly made. They're full of shrapnel anyway, and he's right, the dry stone shatters far too easily, and so we move where he suggests. It's this house, barely more than a hut, but it's a good vantage point. Doesn't offer as much cover, but it’s enough and it's less likely to just crumble under attack.
Sherlock froze, taken aback by John’s stare, as wariness gleamed in John’s blue eyes. It appeared slowly, darkening his gaze until Sherlock struggled against the urge to squirm.
Standing before the mirror, Sherlock frowned at his reflection and recalled his conversation with Mycroft. There had been a moment, as he’d stood right here, in this very spot when their eyes had met in the mirror, and Sherlock had seen his own concern reflected back at him. At the time, he’d meant what he said — that all of that was behind him. Though the memories never really faded, Sherlock hadn’t felt the urge to relapse in years. Even now, with this visceral reminder, he still didn’t feel like there was any real risk. But Sherlock was unsettled. That much he could admit. And he couldn’t quite shake an unpleasant, lingering sense of disquiet.
He must be dreaming. It was dark, a thick, blue-edged fog hanging in the air. Sherlock stumbled through the haze, hands outstretched as he tried to find his way. He had no idea where he was or where he was going, only that he had to keep moving. He had no clue why — his only hint was a pervasive sense of nagging dread.
“Of course,” John said, his voice sounding level but somehow odd. Brittle. “I’ll just…” He gestured at the clothes slung over his arm. “I’ll just go get dressed, then I’ll be out of your hair.” Saying so, he turned on his heel and walked back into the bathroom. His quickened gait was a far cry from the lazy, confident saunter he’d affected upon his earlier appearance.
Sherlock’s eyebrows quirked. “Do you
-ing sound, tongue clicking against the backs of his teeth. “I had hoped it wasn’t him — he has a bit of a history, and I believed him to be reformed. It seems I was mistaken.”
Sherlock, still standing by the window, sighed. His shoulders slumped, the fight running out of him, leaving behind a bitter taste in his mouth and sinking fatigue. “Fine,” he said to the window, his gaze unfocused as it flickered over the people below, hurrying to and fro as they went about their lives. “Fine,” he repeated, uncaring.
Some distant, remaining speck of rationality in Sherlock’s mind said he should be scared. Maybe even terrified, repulsed, horrified. But this was John, monstrous or not. And he knew John, knew and trusted him like he knew the periodic table by heart, trusted him the way Sherlock trusted the sun to rise at the end of every night. And, with that in mind, Sherlock cried out with delight instead of fear when John pounced upon him.
“Good,” Mycroft said, then added, almost as an afterthought, “Thank you.”
Sherlock stared at the message, his lips pursed as he wondered if this was a good idea. But it seemed too late to turn back now. He started to text a response before he could doubt himself again.
Slowly, with his confusion fading as shock rushed in to fill the gap left behind in its wake, Sherlock tipped his head back and went still. There was John, fast asleep with his chest against Sherlock’s back, their bodies fitted together like spoons in a drawer. At some point in the night, they had shifted, slipped out of their upright positions and into this far more intimate arrangement.
“John Watson,” John replied, taking Sherlock’s hand with apparent uncertainty. It was a quick clasp, their grips separating as John hurried to cover another yawn. “Are you sure? I guess I could always go to the library…”
Sherlock muttered something in the negative, embarrassed by the exuberant praise. Still, he couldn’t deny the tiny, silver thrill of anticipation he felt knowing he would see John again the next day. He was awed that John had chosen to spend more time in Sherlock’s uncertain company of his own free will.
"No?" he repeated, his tongue suddenly clumsy as desire sparked within him again.
“Right,” John said, clearing his throat. He shook his head, banishing the strange feelings. “Of course. Wouldn’t want to keep you from your incredibly important tinkering.”
Lestrade managed to subdue and cuff the man with Sherlock's help, but John was in a bad way by then. His shirt was soaked through with blood, his face tensed with pain as he struggled to remain upright. If he’d been fully human, the shock of blood loss surely would have already killed him. But John was made of tougher stuff, his demonic side keeping him alive even as his life force fled in great red gouts of blood.
They shifted, Sherlock rolling onto his back at a guiding nudge from John. Clothed in nothing but their underthings, their bodies slotted together, skin to skin everywhere but where Sherlock wanted it most. He felt John’s leg slip between his thighs and breathed out a low moan, helpless against the surge of desire that rippled through him. John swallowed the noise, his mouth insistent against Sherlock’s, the tip of his tongue hot and coaxing against Sherlock’s lips until they parted. The kiss deepened, John licking into his mouth, his hips giving one tentative, testing roll while his fingers tangled harder in Sherlock’s hair.
Instead, he returned to the task at hand. Gently tugging at Sherlock’s curls to tilt his head back, John exposed the underside of Sherlock’s throat and jaw as he angled the blade at the edge of the lather. With the heel of his hand pressed against Sherlock’s skin to steady his grip, John felt the subtle twitch of muscle underneath as Sherlock swallowed again, his breath catching. Rather than let that strange, slight stutter catch him off guard again, John swiped the blade up, taking the last of the lather with it in one smooth, rasping stroke.
John rolled his shoulders and shrugged. “No,” he said, reaching his arms up over his head in a casual stretch. The hem of his vest lifted, revealing coarse hair under his navel that disappeared beneath the hem of his pants. Sherlock’s eyes snagged and lingered on the sight, his mouth dry.
With his self-confidence reaffirmed, Sherlock took a moment to splash cold water on his face. He allowed himself several deep breaths, held until the ebbing panic faded. Then, pausing only to dry his damp face, he left the bathroom.
Against all advice, he freed John.
Instead of unpacking his new dishes as he’d planned, Sherlock grabbed one of his new-to-him books and lost himself in reading about rare herbs. By the time he resurfaced, the day had faded well into the evening, and someone was knocking on the door. Horrified to find he’d lost several hours and still needed to shower and prepare for John’s arrival, Sherlock scrambled to his feet and dove for the door with his heart in his throat.
satisfied.” He brushed a hand over the bruises marring his skin, toes curling at the faint, aching echo his touch provoked. “I have been ‘well-fucked,' I think you’d say.”
Just wanted to address some concerns people expressed over the last chapter - there will be no Sherlock/OMC relationship in this fic. I promise it will be 100% Johnlock all the way, baby.
The base of John’s cock slid into him, the fleshy barbs ringing the root sending electric pleasure radiating through Sherlock’s body from his centre to the tips of his fingers. Everything went still and white in his head, Sherlock suspended in time as his muscles fluttered weakly around John’s immense cock. He managed to suck in a breath, and the world came back to life with a powerful roll of John’s hips. John almost slipped free of where his cock sat sheathed deep in Sherlock, then slammed home again. The force punched the air from Sherlock’s lungs, and he collapsed with an ecstatic cry, sprawling on John’s chest as his vision doubled, threatened to go black, and cleared through sheer willpower alone.
His gaze dropped to John’s hands, and the paper bag clutched within them. As if picking up on the unasked question, John held it out with a tentative smile.
Sherlock, catching on at once, nodded. Of course, John couldn’t go to the hospital with inhuman blood filling his veins — and, currently, spilling from the bullet wound in his abdomen. They couldn’t reach out to other demon-kind either, those as rare as John, and most viewing John as a half-breed bastard. It was a terrible realization, leaving Sherlock frozen in place, staring at the dark blood welling up between John’s fingers where he kept his hand pressed against the wound.
“I was hoping to hear what progress — if any — you’ve made on my case.”
Sherlock woke with a start. One minute, he was deep asleep, and the next, he was blinking at the sunlight spilling through the narrow window over his desk. Sherlock rubbed a hand over his face and turned his head with a wince. His fingers brushed something on his cheek, and he pulled at the offending object. Staring at a PH test strip — apparently, his skin was rather acidic today — Sherlock blinked blearily and tried to make sense of the world. His eyes landed on the glassware scattered over the desk, and it clicked into place. He’d fallen asleep at his desk. Not exactly unusual for him, but he’d been getting better at sleeping on the futon.
“The way you
John frowned. “How do you accidentally drink chamomile tea?”
Sherlock glanced at the clock. It was a little past two. Mycroft’s lackey would likely be by before five, if not earlier. That gave him more than enough time to shower, dress, and agonize over the impending conversation. Sucking in a fortifying breath, he texted back.
There was no pause between that bliss and the next, Sherlock still struggling through the aftershocks of his little death when John settled over him and pushed his cock back into place. He slid home without a hint of resistance, Sherlock’s body making room for the penetration like one welcoming home a lover with open arms.
“You have two minutes,” he seethed, ducking his head quickly beneath the spray so he wouldn’t miss Mycroft’s reply in the noise of the water.
John cared — more important, he cared about
He set the laptop aside and stood. Glancing once more around the room, Sherlock went to dress for a night at
He thought it may have been the best kiss of his life.
“I have a job for you.”
Closing his eyes, Sherlock clenched his jaw hard enough that a muscle popped. “I only know one person who would make themselves this much of a nuisance when they’re clearly not wanted.”
“No,” John began, then squinted at him. “You sure you’re alright? You look kind of scattered.”
“Good,” Sherlock said, tightening his grip on the phone, “because I wasn’t planning to.” He tossed the still-ringing mobile back onto the desk with a scowl. He slipped his hands back under John’s vest, squeezing hot skin and warm muscle.
Mycroft took a slow, assessing look around the room. His eyes lingered on the discarded clothing, the unfamiliar jacket hanging next to the door. “And yet,” he drawled, turning to face Sherlock, “it would appear that I was right.”
“I like them,” John said, sounding surprised by his own confession. “They… suit you.”
Something about that gaze froze John in place, the moment stretching out until he broke free with a quiet, awkward cough. Ducking his head to clean the blade again, John bought himself time, fussing with the flannel until he looked up again and saw that Sherlock’s eyes were closed once more. A relieved sigh escaped him before he could bite it back, and John was glad to see Sherlock didn’t react or comment on the sound.
“That,” Sherlock said as he began searching the floor for his jeans, “is the understatement of a lifetime.”
“Aright,” John finally said once Sherlock’s face was clear. “Just your throat left. Make sure not to move.”
“I haven’t got all day, John,” he reminded him sharply, though his voice lacked its earlier bite.
“Are you stuck?” he asked, smoothing a cautious hand over John’s almost-wings.
John kissed the same way he pursued his career: relentlessly. His hands moved over Sherlock’s neck, palms skating along his jaw and upward. Sinking his fingers into Sherlock’s glitter-festooned curls, John tugged him closer and deepened the kiss at the same time, stealing Sherlock’s already depleted breath. He overwhelmed Sherlock much in the same way he had slipped into Sherlock’s life — seamlessly, like he’d belonged there all along. The kiss was a claiming, the leaving of an invisible mark, John’s mouth moving eagerly, urgently, against his own.
Caught off guard by the entire situation, Sherlock took a moment to grapple with his stunned tongue before he could manage a reply. “No,” he said, a little too forcefully. Trying on a pained, awkward smile, he softened his voice and tried again. “No, no, it’s fine. You don’t need to leave.” Sherlock paused, struggling with the proper etiquette. He came up with nothing. “Ah… would you like to come in?” he finally said, stepping aside and gesturing at the tiny flat.
Letting his head fall back, Sherlock closed his eyes and lost himself to the moment once more. The sound of his phone faded into the background until it, blissfully, jangled into silence. He breathed a sigh of relief, hands roving over John’s shifting hips as John’s mouth fastened on his collarbone with hard, sucking pressure.
Sherlock’s bartender sighed. “Yeah, yeah, I’ll be right over,” he replied, waving his coworker along and turning to Sherlock with an apologetic grimace. “Sorry, gorgeous. Looks like our time is up.” But before he took his leave, he reached into his back pocket. “I’m going to give you my number,” he said, scrawling something on the back of what looked like an old coaster. “You know — if you ever want some help getting back into the swing of things. Texting is preferred, and don’t be offended if I don’t reply right away.” His smile was wry. “If I’m not here, I’m usually sleeping.” With that, the bartender slipped the coaster across the counter, hovering until Sherlock took the offering. “Hopefully, I’ll hear from you soon,” he said with a meaningful look at the coaster, then turned and began nudging the precarious Josh away from the glass pyramid.
And he was in Sherlock’s flat.
particular spiral to its inevitable end, Sherlock took charge of the moment by standing awkwardly in his own kitchen and staring at John. When John looked up with the paper bag in hand, he paused and blinked at Sherlock.
“I thought you said you weren’t new to the scene?”
Sherlock nodded. “I know.” He steered John toward his flat, digging out keys and tugging him inside without giving John a chance to balk. Releasing John’s arm, Sherlock set to wrestling with his boots, fumbling the laces as his fingers turned clumsy with his own encroaching tiredness. Next to him, John watched for a moment, brow furrowed until he set aside his bag and began to work on his own shoes. Sherlock hid his pleased smile and tugged off his socks. He made it across the room on unsteady legs, balance turning sloppy with his burning need to sleep. He heard John lingering by the door as Sherlock clicked the futon into a bed. The noise it made seemed gunshot-loud in the quiet, early morning hour.
Sherlock decides that he's had enough of Mycroft's meddling.
Seconds later, he was making his escape, slipping carefully out of John’s slack grip and nearly tumbling onto the floor. Sherlock caught himself at the last moment, wary of making noise and waking John. Clumsy, he regained his feet and escaped into the bathroom. There, he pressed his back to the closed door and stared at the wall over the toilet. His heartbeat was loud enough that Sherlock could hardly hear himself think until his mind began to panic, his clamouring thoughts drowning out the unsteady cadence of his blood.
John frowned, looking at him for a tense spell before turning to Sherlock. He didn’t speak, simply waited expectantly for Sherlock to say something. But he remained silent, and, once again, Mycroft took the initiative.
“Just about,” John replied, trying and failing to shake off his growing suspicion. Clearly, Sherlock didn’t want to draw attention to whatever was happening to him. John could respect that. He’d had massages before. Some touches felt unexpectedly nice, and things happened with one’s body that one couldn’t always control. It was perfectly natural — though John had never thought of Sherlock as someone who felt ‘natural’ urges.
of John’s exhale rushed out next to him.
Sherlock stuck his head out of the shower again. “And how am I supposed to help with that? I hardly frequent the same establishments as your staff members. As you no doubt recall, I was rather rudely thrown out of your oh so prestigious club for daring to speak.”
Opening the placket of his trousers, he drew his cock out of his pants without thinking and took himself in hand. The first pull was slow, acclimatizing himself to the sensation of his arousal. A gradual drag of grip from root to tip, thumb swirling over the slit, drawing the dribble of desire he found there downward, slicking over the throbbing shaft. Sherlock worked himself with controlled motions, hand speeding as his pulse and breathing quickened. He stroked himself in time with his exhales, squeezing on the upward slide, hips thrusting forward in lazy rolls as his hand swept back to the base in a firm curl of fingers.
Forcing himself to refocus as well, Sherlock navigated to his email. He saw that Mycroft had wasted no time in sending him the information for the case, and he opened the message with an eye roll. How very typical of his Type-A brother.
“I suppose,” Sherlock replied, eyeing the cluttered surface of his desk and the utter lack of any other useable surface.
Sherlock blinked up at him, hands settled on John’s waist, his forehead creased with a puzzled frown. “Why?”
Feet dragging, Sherlock stumbled over to the futon, pausing only to snag the throw off the floor. Drawing it around himself, he tumbled onto the futon, too tired to bother lying it flat. Instead, he buried his face in the pillow John had slept on earlier to block out the sunlight. Despite lingering concerns about John leaving without so much as a word, Sherlock inhaled the unfamiliar scent of his upstairs neighbour on the pillow and dropped into a deep sleep.
“Quite sure,” he called, buttoning his shirt and raking product through his damp curls with quick fingers. When he emerged from the bathroom in a cloud of steam, Mycroft stood just outside the door, looking unhappy. “Why are you still here? I said I would be fine.”
“Disposable razors are a farce,” Sherlock said, muscles flexing under his damp skin as his jaw clenched. “I require a closer shave, which is only possible with a straight razor.”
Sherlock clenched his jaw, forcing the wash of sensory memory back. Once more pasting a blank look on his face, he watched John move out of the bathroom, his pace slowing as he approached the futon. He hesitated, glancing sideways at Sherlock. His hands fidgeted with his belt, fumbling the metal into the loop.
Sherlock shrugged. “Why not?
Either Sherlock was the brilliant young prodigy, distant, set above, unliked and unwanted. But rational, vibrant, miles ahead of the ordinary… or he was the opposite. Drugged, insensate, rough personality made bearable to others only by blurring his sharp edges into something indistinct but palatable. All his life, it had been one or the other. No one accepted Sherlock for himself, not unless he dimmed his star.
Sherlock tried not to flinch at the cautious tone. “Morning,” he repeated in kind, swallowing nervously. It seemed that all of his bravado from the night before had fled, banished by the cold light of day and the watchful expression on John’s pillow-creased face.
Mycroft unfroze first. “Not at all,” he said in his most diplomatic tone of voice, offering a hand. “My name is Mycroft Holmes.”
Still watching him closely, Mycroft’s lips pursed. “I won’t be able to help you if you do,” he replied, any sign of his earlier flippant manner banished in the face of the seriousness between them.
A loud noise echoed through the dark, the sound vibrations making the fog ripple, wisps eddying around him in teasing whips. The mist thickened, turned thick, vicious, suffocating. Sherlock grabbed at the mysterious substance, feeling it trickle between his spread fingers, cold as ice water.
Sherlock lifted his shoulders in a slight shrug, the gesture made awkward by the fact he was lying on his side, facing John. “Nothing concrete. Not yet, at least.”
John shrugged and smoothed more shaving cream where his first application had dried. Sliding his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, John gently tilted his head back over the table and bent to set the razor against Sherlock’s skin. As he did, the sharp edge brushing Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock swallowed, making his throat bob beneath the blade. John paused warily, eyes fixed on the subtle motion. It seemed deeply vulnerable to him, inspiring an unexpected surge of protectiveness that caught him off guard.
Mouth twisting into an inviting moue, Sherlock dropped his eyes to the countertop and flicked his fingers over a nearly invisible imperfection. Taking care to peer at the man from beneath the dark fall of his lashes, Sherlock replied, “I’m old news, I’m afraid — just been out of the scene for longer than I care to admit.” He kept his voice pitched low, the closeness of their positions barely allowing his words to carry.
Mycroft had chased him off, but that didn’t have to be permanent. Mycroft might think Sherlock couldn’t function at full capacity with a distraction like John in his life, but Mycroft didn’t have all the facts. He didn’t seem to realize that Sherlock hadn’t functioned at full capacity for countless years now. What did Mycroft know? He might be smarter than Sherlock, but that didn’t mean he was omniscient. Everyone had gaps in their knowledge. Everyone had blindspots. And Mycroft’s seemed to be understanding what his brother really needed.
Sherlock shook himself free of the memories and flashed a quick, reassuring smile at the querying noise John made in response to the movement. Standing, he closed the laptop and set it aside, hoping to banish the memories with distance.
“I hope you’re hungry… and like Thai food.”
Twitching his hips impatiently against John's thighs, Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I feel no more tired than if I’d just finished a case. Better, in fact.” With a devilish grin, he broke free of John’s hands and pounced, pinning him against the pillows. After taking care to kiss John until he was pliant and melting into the sheets, Sherlock leaned back and fixed him with a stern look. “You are not nearly as scary as you think, John Watson.”
Despite the early hour, and the light rain turning the London skies a dismal grey, the party was already in full swing at the nightclubs. Located in an unassuming building with a red bricked-facade,
“Yeah, yeah,” John sighed, just as he had the four times before. “I know. Well, if you want me to do this, then you need to bloody well sit fucking still so I don’t cut your throat. Not even you would enjoy that murder.”
“Do I really have to do this with a straight razor?” John asked for the fifth time, already knowing Sherlock’s answer before it was bit out through bared teeth.
Downing the rest of his drink, Sherlock pushed the thoughts aside. Now wasn’t the time to dwell on past indiscretions. He’d beaten the drugs. Being here tonight, even with all his doubts and uncertainties of the past few days, Sherlock was pleased to realize that he didn’t feel the urge to score. He had no desire to seek out oblivion tonight. His mind was clear, his hands steady, his vision unclouded despite the slight buzz of alcohol in his veins. Stephan had made him a light drink, a surprise in a place that seemed to encourage debauchery. Sherlock found himself appreciating the restraint and wondered at the new connection he’d made. Maybe Stephan was exactly what he appeared to be — a little older, wiser, willing to offer a friendly hand to someone trying to regain his identity.
“Sherlock?” John asked quietly, confused. Sherlock didn’t answer, just remained stiff and still. Under his hand, John thought he could feel a slight, constant tremour rippling through Sherlock. Brow furrowed, he studied Sherlock’s tightly wound body, gaze pausing on Sherlock’s legs, crossed together in a vice grip at the thigh. Was Sherlock…? No, that couldn’t be it. Surely John was misreading the situation. “Are you alright?” he prompted, and Sherlock sucked in a loud, shaky breath.
Instead of waiting for John’s reaction, Sherlock dropped onto the futon and tugged his shirt over his head. The collar caught briefly on his curls, damp from the walk back to his flat. He battled with the shirt for a moment, conquering the clothing with a triumphant huff when his head finally popped free.
Sherlock’s phone rang.
“We’re doing this,” Sherlock said with a conviction he was surprised to realize he actually felt. “I don’t care if you compel me. We’re doing this.”
“No worries,” John replied, suddenly chipper. “I’m fine to eat out of the cartons if you are.”
Staring out the window, feeling the cold glass against his skin, Sherlock thought he could. Which meant he had some apologizing to do because that balance required John. Of that, Sherlock was certain. But first, he needed to talk this out with someone. Someone removed, who didn’t know Sherlock, who didn’t hold his complex history against him.
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock repeated, closing his eyes. He didn’t bother to check if John did the same but heard his sigh and felt John’s body settle next to his. Their legs brushed, Sherlock’s bent knee touching John’s thigh, coarse with hair and living-body warm. Tethered by that soothing contact, Sherlock drifted into the sleep his body so ached for.
Bleary-eyed, Sherlock blinked down at the appendage slung over him. The arm was not his own.
Sherlock did, his body responding at once. He was distantly aware of John climaxing as well, of John’s cry of triumph, and of his own voice raised in weaker counterpoint. But it was all far-away, Sherlock’s body twitching and sputtering through several dry orgasms, consecutive and no less potent for the lack of tangible release. It was like being destroyed, Sherlock thought through the mess of his shattered mind. Like being torn asunder and reborn all at once.
“What do I do?” Sherlock asked, a wave of helplessness rising within him.
Pretend to be
John returned the favour, disregarding the order. “Has anyone ever told you that you’re a bloody rude git?”
“The devil himself,” Sherlock snapped, nudging out from under John and reaching for the phone. The screen was lit up with a series of texts. As Sherlock held the phone, another came in, the device pinging in his hand.
John stared at him, taken aback by the bluntness, before he tilted his head back and let out a loud, shocked laugh. “Oh, you’re going to be a handful, aren’t you?”
Both of John’s eyebrows rose now, and he looked like he might speak. Instead, his eyes dropped, his gaze tracking over Sherlock’s bare upper arm, peeking out from the edge of the covers. They followed the line of his shoulder to his neck, where they lingered. “You have a mole,” John said unexpectedly, making Sherlock blink.
“Definitely condolences, then,” John said, nodding gravely as Sherlock led the way into his flat. “And I thought having a twin sister was bad.”
“I’m yours,” Sherlock said at once, vibrating with anticipation. “Everything, anything. I’m yours.” Then, inspired by the battling emotions in John’s face — ravenous hunger and uncertainty — Sherlock reached out and fisted his fingers in John’s short hair. He gave a tug, lifting John’s head off the floor to the ragged sound of John’s snarl. Upper lip curled back, John bared sharp teeth, lengthening before Sherlock’s eyes, cruel and pointed and dark with blood. Leaning down, Sherlock pressed a kiss to those red-stained lips without so much as a hint of revulsion, whispering, “Take what’s yours, John.”
His voice slightly strained, John noted, “Popular today, aren’t you?”
“Stop fidgeting,” John snapped as Sherlock wriggled for the umpteenth time under his ministrations.
Mycroft arched an eyebrow, the only outwardly visible sign of his surprise. “Sherlock,” he began slowly, his tone soothing, “we still need to discuss the case.”
Sherlock waved away his concern. “Perfectly fine. Strange dreams and sleeping in the middle of the day can have that effect on a person.” Clearing his throat, he studied John closely, noting that he was freshly shaved, and the faint humidity of a recent shower clung to his pink-scrubbed skin. He still looked a little tired, though the deep-etched shadows beneath those bright blue eyes had lightened. A messenger bag hung off John’s left shoulder, looking weighted down with what Sherlock assumed must be several heavy texts.
“Home,” John gasped. “Take me home.” He weaved, sagging heavily against Sherlock. “Quickly.”
Still standing next to the futon, Sherlock gazed down at John, bemused by the situation he found himself in. Contrary to his actions, he wondered if he shouldn’t wake John. Wouldn’t John prefer to sleep in his own bed? At some point, the music had stopped upstairs, the change unnoticed by Sherlock as he’d wandered through his uncertain thoughts. The flat was blessedly quiet, save for the distant, muffled noise of slow, late-night traffic outside.
Leaving the window, he dug into his pocket, fingertips brushing the slip of paper within, tucked there last night for safe-keeping. Sherlock hesitated before drawing the note out, smoothing the creased corners fretfully with his fingers. Before he could doubt himself, he plugged the number into his mobile — after retrieving it from beneath the fridge — and opened a text window.
But it was too late for second thoughts. The door swung open, and John reappeared with his arms full of heavy books. Sherlock tilted his head to read the spines.
There was something deeply hedonistic about the desire, surprising even to Sherlock. As a man who usually ruled his bodily needs with an iron fist, often to the point of ignoring them outright, he’d never believed himself to be capable of such desire. Maybe in a typical relationship with a full human man, Sherlock wouldn’t have strained so against the rules. But it went against his very nature as a scientist to leave something untested and unexperienced. In counter-point to their reality, Sherlock devoured any information and literature he could find on demons who fed on sexual energy and their unlikely progeny. Dreamed about the possibilities, the sensations missing from his experience-based repertoire.
Sherlock’s fingers stilled on the last cuff, not yet open, but it was already too late. John’s back arched, the sudden movement throwing Sherlock off balance. He toppled, nearly going head over arse off the bed before hands caught him around the waist and hauled him back. With one toss, Sherlock found himself sprawled on his back on the bed, staring up at the ceiling with wide eyes as his sluggish brain fought to catch up with the sudden change of events. He wasn’t given much time to recover, as John reared up at his feet, catching Sherlock’s attention.
His mouth suddenly dry, Sherlock stared at the phone. Briefly, he wondered what he’d gotten himself into by reaching out like this. He wondered if he had leapt from the fire into the proverbial frying pan. But it was too late to take the messages back, and Sherlock desperately needed someone removed from the situation.
scarier than I could ever be.”
“There's no age limit on scientific curiousity.”
He was tired, but not unpleasantly so. It felt similar to what he experienced after an adrenaline rush, his body heavy, lacking in depleted resources. There was no pain. Instead, there was a deep ache at the base of his spine, no more uncomfortable than what he’d experienced before from any long, exceptionally good fuck. And that was precisely what had occurred — although ‘exceptionally good’ seemed like far too trite a term for what he and John had shared.
“Oh, fuck, Sherlock,” he panted out, sounding wrecked. “Don’t stop.” His hands trembled, sliding into Sherlock’s crease to press his cheeks further apart. “Let me hear you,” John ordered, burying his face between Sherlock’s cheeks and attacking his hole with tongue and lips.
“Sherlock?”
“Sherlock,” he pressed.
John.
When John’s lips brushed his ear, and he whispered, “Remove the restraints,” Sherlock didn’t bother to second guess the order. He simply obeyed, distantly startled that his body could respond at all. As with before, it wasn’t until Sherlock was working on the last cuff, clipped around John’s left ankle, that he realized what had occurred. John had once more used his powers to command Sherlock, and he, worn out from their coupling, had seen no option but to obey.
John, trying valiantly to keep Sherlock from slitting his own throat on the razor pressed against the vulnerable expanse of his skin, jerked the blade back. “Christ, Sherlock, stop moving! The sooner you shut up and sit still, the sooner this will be over with.” He shot a baleful glare at the cluttered surface of their kitchen table. “What kind of experiment are you doing with one working hand — non-dominant, might I add — anyway?”
Brow furrowed, Sherlock stared at the bag as if it might detonate if he touched it. His mind was back in working order, no longer muzzy with sleep, but he still couldn’t make sense of the situation. John was offering him… food? He looked at John quizzically. John’s face flushed a faint pink.
“Good morning,” John said, that same wariness evident in his voice.
Rather than follow
A quiet scoff escaped Sherlock’s full lips. “We’ve lived together for several years, John. You’ve seen me naked a multitude of times—”
Ah. Right. Plates. Those were something people usually owned, weren’t they?
Sherlock’s lips parted around a sigh that sounded both startled and strained, the tension in his face first intensifying, then easing slowly, as John repeated the motion. He stroked Sherlock’s throat in slow, smooth passes, his work-roughened skin catching briefly on the damp terrain. Under his fingertips, pressed below Sherlock’s jaw, John felt the soft vibration of Sherlock’s whimper, voiced from deep within his throat.
“Okay — back to work.” Opening the heavy book, John paused and looked at Sherlock again. “Thanks, by the way. I really do owe you one.” His smile turned crooked. “I’ll make sure to bring dinner again next time.” With that, he bent to his reading, leaving Sherlock to spiral silently in his head.
A sense of tranquillity settled over the room. The light shining through the windows, softened by evening, warmed the flat with a golden hue, making everything feel almost dreamlike. It was near blissful as Sherlock looked up from the laptop, watching the setting sun through the haze of his lowered lashes. He felt a pleasant sleepiness, comfortably ensconced with John in this shared space. The music upstairs had faded into the background, tuned out by his lulled brain, and Sherlock felt encased within an invisible bubble.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but his stomach chose that moment to let out a loud growl, and he closed it again, heat burning in his cheeks.
Barely catching himself on his hands as his arms and knees buckled, Sherlock braced his cheek against John’s thigh and lapped at his cock. He teased the rim with his lips, tongue delving into the slit before he took the head in his mouth and sucked with John growling around his own erection. They went on like that for unheeded minutes, balanced between a delicious give and take as Sherlock struggled to focus and keep himself from orgasming too soon.
Somewhere between watching the sun set and letting his mind wander, Sherlock slipped into a light doze. He drifted, aimless and without concern, mind caught between waking and sleep states.
— to his place at — Sherlock checked his watch — half-past two in the morning? He must surely be insane, driven mad by the continued lack of sleep and silence.
There was a flurry of movement, John’s hands and mouth moving over him until Sherlock could hardly tell up from down or his feet from his head. There was nothing but pure sensation, bruising kisses and nipping teeth. A strange, swirling paralysis held him in place as John devoured him in every way but literally. At one point, Sherlock found himself half lifted from the mattress, his knees bent and hooked over John’s shoulders as John ravaged his cock-stretched hole with tongue and lips. It was an assault of pure bliss, John sucking and licking and teasing what felt like Sherlock’s very soul out of his abused entrance. He felt the long, slick slide of John’s tongue as it lapped the cooling spend from Sherlock’s body, leaving him helpless to do no more than groan and writhe with pleasure.
“Hello, gorgeous,” the bartender greeted, tilting toward him with a smile that Sherlock imagined was as fake as his own. “Haven’t seen you before. Are you new in town?”
Moving to the sink on shaky legs, Sherlock washed his sticky hands with desperation and splashed water on his flushed cheeks. After drying hands and face with a flannel, he tucked himself back into his pants, refastened his trousers, and braced himself to face John before slipping out of the bathroom.
Eyes lifting to Sherlock’s sleep-mussed curls, John looked thoughtful. “Will there be more glitter tonight?”
“A previously planned engagement?” Mycroft echoed, turning his back when Sherlock snarled at him. “Oh, come, Sherlock. You act as if I never bathed you as a child.”
“But—” Sherlock began, worried things weren’t going as he’d hoped, that John wouldn’t take him and absorb his needed life energy. But John bared his teeth again, cutting Sherlock’s protests off.
He was like a tidal wave, sweeping Sherlock away, flooding his brain and body with a humming need that swelled and grew with each second that passed. With each clever dart of John’s tongue, every slide of their kiss-swollen lips together, Sherlock slowly lost his mind. It was a perfect release, a relieving of his senses that he didn’t bother trying to fight. When John rolled his hips again, more firmly this time, Sherlock arched his back to meet John’s body with his own. It sent him into a paroxysm of delight, eyelids slamming shut at the tell-tale evidence of John’s arousal against his inner thigh. Even through two layers of pants, his own and John’s, there was no denying John’s interest.
Sherlock’s phone went off for a third time.
“That is a patently false statement,” Sherlock stated, surprised when John chuckled as if he’d made a joke. Rather than question the response, he smiled instead, letting the misunderstanding slide. As Sherlock stood by and watched John pack up the food and set it back in the bag, Sherlock wondered how they'd come to this point, this unexpected ease. And yet, if his anxiety from the night before was any indication of the future, he had a lot more gay panic to look forward to. He really shouldn’t have let this dry spell drag on so long, but there was really nothing to be done about it now.
John’s mouth popped off his cock, drawing an involuntary whine from Sherlock’s spit-slick lips. “Turn around,” John panted, his voice doubled by that unknown force that made Sherlock all too eager to obey.
John was different. He hadn’t seemed to mind Sherlock’s awkwardness. John hadn’t cared when Sherlock said odd things or when he didn’t react to things the way most people would.
John stared for a moment, his hands still raised in silent and confused inquiry. “What?” he finally said.
But it wasn’t Mycroft. It was John, standing with one hand raised as if to knock again. His arm dropped back to his side at the sight of Sherlock.
Without speaking or wasting time on words, John cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and bent down to brush their lips together. It was a bare ghost of contact, a tentative drifting of mouths, but Sherlock’s response was definite. He groaned and surged upward, his uninjured hand tangling in John’s hair and pulling him closer. Their noses bumped clumsily, Sherlock’s teeth scraping John’s bottom lip before their mouths slotted together in a fierce kiss. It was sloppy, turning even more so when Sherlock’s lips parted, and his tongue darted out.
“What are you—” he began, hands raising as if to bat Sherlock away.
Mycroft’s lips curled into a cold little smile. “That I am.” He looked sideways at Sherlock, who tried not to bristle. “His older brother.” Radiating smugness — and an odd sharpness — Mycroft released John’s hand and nodded to him. “Pleasure to meet you, Mister Watson. I’ll take my leave now. Important places to be, people to see, you know how it is.”
The distance between Sherlock’s desk and the futon was hardly more than a foot and a half, letting Sherlock observe John closely without moving. He did just that, studying John’s face with unabashed curiousity. Hands pressed together beneath his chin, Sherlock leaned closer. He noted the smudges beneath John’s eyes, and the dark sweep of his eyelashes, casting spidery shadows over his cheeks.
. Ravenous for Sherlock and his body, for what his body could give him.
Frowning down at him, Sherlock pursed his lips. “Have it your way. I’m going to sleep.” With that, he turned on his heel in a clumsy about-face and slouched over to the closet. Retrieving two pillows and a comforter, he threw the pillows onto the futon and dropped down, pulling the blanket over him as he went. Beneath the cover, Sherlock stripped out of his jeans and socks and tossed them onto the floor. His skin seemed to sigh in relief, blessedly released from the chafing confines of the damp denim and wool.
“Sherlock—” Mycroft fell silent, looking down the hall with a slight frown.
Sherlock manhandled John inside and up the stairs, nearly losing his balance when John collapsed just inside the sitting room with a grunt. He lay there in a bloody heap, panting in pain. Dropping to his knees next to him, hands hovering over John without purpose, Sherlock asked, “What can I do? What do you need?”
Something darkened in Mycroft’s face, there and gone. His lips twitched in a humourless expression of amusement. “Almost daily, I can assure you.” He inspected his nails, a facade Sherlock saw through at once. Mycroft only did that when he was deflecting, when he needed to break eye contact to get some undesirable emotion under control. When he looked up again, his gaze was flat, his blue eyes those of a shark, circling. “I try not to let it get to me.”
But John wouldn’t budge on his rules, wouldn’t break those all-important guidelines. No amount of wheedling, pleading or arguing on Sherlock’s part changed John’s mind. Yet, Sherlock was relentless; he knew what he wanted and wouldn’t give up until he got it. Such tenacity was part of what made him a good detective, worrying at a problem like a dog with a bone. He was bone-deep certain that, if he could just find the exact right words, he could make John see reason.
Reigning in his wandering thoughts, his brow furrowed, John wiped the blade clean and set it back to Sherlock’s skin. He cleared a strip next to the first, pausing only when his left hand gave a slight twitch. John cursed his intermittent tremour silently, retracing the same area to erase the few spots he’d missed. A stubborn fleck of dried lather remained in his path, and John reached out to smooth it away with his thumb. Sherlock’s cheek twitched at the touch. John paused, thumb resting on Sherlock’s skin, when he saw that Sherlock’s eyes were open. Half-open, to be exact, with dark silver peeking out beneath his long, lowered lashes.
Sherlock shifted, forcing protesting, tired muscles to obey as he rolled onto his back. There was John, sprawled next to him on the bed. He looked almost entirely human, save for the raised nubs on his forehead and the tail curled neatly along his hip. He was naked, cock soft and resting along his inner thigh, golden skin bare and perfectly smooth over his abdomen. There was no remaining trace of a scar where John had taken the bullet in his stomach.
In the end, Sherlock found he couldn’t wake John after all. He looked far too peaceful, the tension in his face smoothed out from sleep. Clearly, John needed the rest, and Sherlock was loath to wake him from the well-earned slumber. Instead, he turned away and gathered John’s texts, setting them in a neat pile next to the sofa before retreating to his desk. There, he fiddled with his experiment with lacklustre enthusiasm until John’s soft snoring lulled Sherlock into his own desperately needed sleep.
The door clicked shut behind him, and Sherlock sighed.
Did John imagine it, or did Sherlock’s voice sound strained? He studied the familiar face, searching for clues. But Sherlock had closed both eyes again, his expression perfectly blank.
Sherlock was warm. Too warm, almost to the point of discomfort. He shifted, searching for cooler air, for relief from the heat, and nearly tumbled off the bed. Only the heavy arm looped along his chest saved him from a bruised ego.
Mycroft went still, his shoulders lifting toward his ears in a defensive position. But instead of leaving, he turned quickly, breaking Sherlock’s hold with a controlled, upward jerk of his arms. Sherlock’s grip loosened, wrist stinging, losing his balance before Mycroft caught him by the shoulders and righted him. His eyes darted over Sherlock’s appearance, reading last night’s history in his clothing and in the glitter still clinging to his curls.
“The Diogenes rule of silence exists for a reason, Sherlock,” Mycroft snapped, then breathed out a loud exhale as he visibly worked to get himself back under control. “But that’s all in the past and hardly relevant to this case. As luck would have it, this particular staff member frequents a location I believe you will fit into without issue.”
Sherlock took advantage of the lull to smear his lips down John’s extended throat, sucking bruises into the skin and tasting the tang of dried blood on John’s neck. He heard the chains clank before John’s hands seized his face and pulled him into a searing kiss. The force of John’s mouth on his stole away his breath, leaving Sherlock panting against John’s lips, his body rocked by each forceful rut of John’s hips.
Eyes darkening, John continued to look at Sherlock. When Sherlock still didn’t say anything, uncertainty appeared on his face.
“Why indeed,” Mycroft murmured, his expression turned pensive. He looked a tad regretful, and Sherlock wondered if his brother was wishing he had never approached him with this case.
The bartender’s smile looked a little closer to genuine, his dark brown eyes softening as he closed the distance between them by another few inches. “Nothing old about that face,” he said, smooth as velvet.
John tilted his head and chuckled. “Well… I mean, we’ve only just had our first kiss. Are you sure you want to rush into things?”
Sherlock stared at the text for the space of a second before making an angry noise and hurling the phone toward the kitchenette. It skated out of sight beneath the refrigerator, its trajectory witnessed by a bemused-looking John.
Retrieving his laptop, Sherlock opened Mycroft’s email from the night before and perused the information on the case until he was confident he had an idea of how to proceed. And, since John hadn’t said he would be by that night, Sherlock couldn’t find a suitable excuse to keep him from following through with his plan.
John was silent for a spell as if considering Sherlock’s words. “I was,” he said slowly. “But I live upstairs, hardly a long walk from the front door to my own bed.”
Sherlock paused in scrubbing his hair. “A job or a case?” he asked, carefully keeping the interest out of his voice.
With his humid, hot mouth still pressed to Sherlock’s skin, John asked, “Are you going to answer that?”
One of Mycroft’s eyebrows rose. “Wouldn’t I?”
Sherlock waited, watching John’s pupils dilate in a burst of black. He waited for John to give voice to his need, to put it into words. But the words didn’t come, and Sherlock shivered again, this time with a rising sense of trepidation and excitement. It was a heady mixture, threatening to make his head swim and forcing him to struggle to maintain his focus. If John wasn’t going to say it, then Sherlock would say it for him.
“I bruise like a peach,” Sherlock noted in a choked voice, raising his head to look at John, his words half-slurred by pleasure. He felt John smile against his skin.
catered almost exclusively to male clientele. Sherlock scanned the gold-edged glamour of the decor. His eyes lingered on several men positioned strategically throughout the club, moving in time with the music in heavy boots and skin-tight clothing atop matte-black dance platforms.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m sure,” he muttered and closed the door harder than necessary. It seemed Mycroft would not be leaving anytime soon. Which meant this really wasn’t a check-up. No — his brother wanted something.
In short, Sherlock knew himself to be good for a quick suck or a quicker fuck — never for more, and certainly not good enough for prolonged friendship. It was in this isolation that he’d developed his self-enforced motto: Alone protects me.
He thought of John, and the feeling of John’s warm, solid body pressed against his own. Pictured John’s sunrise-gold-gilded hair, of his dark eyes, blue as the deepest seas. Remembered the alluring quirk of John’s expressive mouth. Each image was crystal clear, rendered in flawless recall by Sherlock’s perfect memory. Sensations accompanied the remembered snippets, recollections of hot breath and the unexpected, trusting ease with which John’s arm bracketed Sherlock’s chest. Those images and echoes of reality drove Sherlock’s hand. His grip was punishing, pushing him past the tantalizing pulse of insistent arousal and into the chase for bliss, his mind caught up in a rising flood of need and desire.
Sherlock’s second orgasm slammed into him with the force of a bullet, and, for a moment, he wondered if he’d been the one who was shot after all. But there was the wound in John’s abdomen, grisly though it no longer poured blood. It merely oozed now, the skin around the impact point turning a healing pink that felt soft and tender under Sherlock’s wandering hands. Still, it was healing slowly, and he stared at the injury as the aftershocks of his climax rippled through him, trying to think past the haze of chemicals scattering his thoughts.
Sherlock popped his head out from behind the shower curtain and cocked an eyebrow. “You? Mistaken? I beg of you, Mycroft — say it isn’t so. My fragile heart surely cannot handle the shock.” His voice dripped with sarcasm as water ran down his damp face.
“You know I only pry because I care,” Mycroft protested, stopping before the door even as Sherlock tried to wrestle it open around him.
Eyes opening to half-mast, Sherlock saw that John was staring at him — at his mouth — with an expression of confusion as if he was battling with himself. Sherlock’s mouth went dry, making him struggle to swallow twice before he could speak, managing a hoarse croak of
“You used to behave just like this when you were high.” Mycroft’s voice was steady, though his eyes were grim. “Tell me the truth, Sherlock — did you relapse?”
“Glad to hear it.” Another soft chuckle from John, bitten off into a groan as Sherlock slid his hand lower and gripped John’s arse. “Oh,
“Er, not interrupting, am I?” he asked, breaking the hovering silence that had fallen over the three of them.
Imagine his surprise when it was a bullet, of all things, that changed John’s mind.
Sherlock paused, hand still raised. His eyes met his brother’s in the mirror. “You want me to go to a nightclub?” His skin crawled with sudden nerves, memories of the dark, illegal things he’d chased in such places rushing over him.
Some of the tension in Sherlock’s rigid body — though not all — eased. “Is it?” he asked, his typically cultured voice turned rough. Less smooth velvet, more gravel. John thought he could get used to that change.
“No,” he ground out through teeth clenched in a tense face. Blood trickled over his bottom lip, painting a stripe down his neck so dark that it looked nearly black. “Can’t go to the hospital.”
Yes, John was a distraction. Possibly not one Sherlock could afford to indulge when he had the formidable weight from a case of such importance resting on his shoulders. But John wasn’t something he wanted to cast aside. Sherlock wanted both, the urge to have both success and John blending into a confusion myriad of desire in his stomach.
To the relief of Sherlock’s jangling nerves, the bartender from Cargo didn’t leave him hanging.
The kissing was just as hot and heavy as before, John devouring him with lips and teeth and tongue, his hands roving over Sherlock’s body. His palms swept down Sherlock’s flushed chest, thumbs flicking the sensitive, hardened nubs of Sherlock’s nipples and making him gasp into John’s mouth. The phone quieted, the room silent but for the noise of their mouths and bodies, the ragged moans and groans that escaped their throats.
“Care less,” Sherlock snapped, finally getting the door open. “Now — goodbye, Mycroft.”
There was a brief hesitation, a pause where Sherlock waited for his brother to say more. But he didn’t, and, eventually, he heard the door open and close behind him. The silence that followed felt oppressive, pressing in on Sherlock like a hand on his back. He rolled his shoulders but couldn’t shake the sensation. Desperate for relief, he pressed his palms to the window, letting the cold chill clinging to the glass sink into his skin. Shivering, Sherlock tilted forward until his forehead rested against the pane. Eyes closed, he sighed, breath fogging against the glass and warming his chin.
He let himself feel something that tasted suspiciously close to acceptance.
Throwing on a pair of old sweatpants and a jumper that had seen better years, Sherlock stormed out into the hallway. He jogged up the steps to the second floor, following the thundering beat with his jaw clenched, teeth grinding.
“Tempted as I am to make my brother wait outside until we’ve finished,” Sherlock said with a put-upon sigh, “I have little confidence he would
Startled by the grudging admission, Sherlock stilled. He stared at Mycroft, processing the words and the meaning behind them. Was Mycroft seriously saying he had given this case to Sherlock because he could entrust it to anyone else? Surely, someone on his overpaid, overqualified staff could handle it? It sounded like Mycroft was saying the opposite, and Sherlock felt his mind grind to a halt, reeling at the possibility. If Mycroft was telling the truth and not simply trying to control Sherlock as he always did, then Sherlock had already misstepped. He had allowed himself to become distracted, first at the club with dancing and focusing on himself, and now, with this indulgence with John.
The bathroom door opened, humid air rushing out to fill the small flat, fogging the windows. The steam clung to the thick atmosphere with the tenacity of an unwanted guest, the silence finally broken by John’s overly casual and out-of-tune whistling. He emerged in the wake of the steam, water droplets gleaming on his skin, and a towel slung around his waist, looking for all the world like he hadn’t a care in the world. His hair was damp, clinging to his scalp and glistening, and Sherlock’s mouth went dry as he turned to watch his approach. The slow sway of John’s hips as he made his unconcerned way to the futon reminded Sherlock sharply of how John had discarded his clothing on the way into the bathroom. Those clothes, retrieved, now lay folded neatly over John’s arm.
“Sherlock, are you sure you’re up for this?” Mycroft said through the wood between them. Sherlock, pulling on his pants and clean jeans, rolled his eyes. Trust his brother to refuse to take a hint and linger where he wasn’t wanted.
With that statement, Sherlock dropped down until they were skin to skin, stretching his body over John’s as he swallowed John’s moan with his mouth.
John didn’t need him to, he understood. Sherlock had downplayed his message on purpose because this time around, Sherlock had not really been trying. He had not wanted to be helped.
“Yeah, you made me think it was an emergency so I raced across the city just for you to tell me you wanted to borrow my phone to send a text.”
Sherlock didn’t respond, he just turned to look at the wall again. John took that to mean that he was at least not refusing food, so he stood up to go and make something. But when he got to the bedroom door, he paused and looked back at Sherlock.
John’s jaw dropped slightly. He had obviously hit a nerve, but he was not used to Sherlock being so reactive. Clearly Sherlock was really upset about this and maybe guilting him when he was already beating himself up was the wrong approach.
“You’re right,” John said slowly, raising his hands in a placating gesture. “I didn’t mean to imply that. None of this is your fault.”
“Since you’re going to impose yourself anyway, I suppose this is the point where I am supposed to invite you into the room,” Sherlock said, acknowledging John’s presence even though his gaze remained on the wall.
John shook his head. “No, you didn’t,” he argued. “You just shut down. You wouldn’t even talk with me at the crime scene. You just left!”
“What were you wearing? How the hell am I supposed to remember what… oh.” John remembered now. “Three nicotine patches.”
“You mean to tell me that all those times that you had me running across town to get here for seemingly no reason, that that was because you just needed a friend?” John asked.
John rolled his eyes at the message. At least Sherlock was honest this time, which was unusual. Typically this type of request would come in the form of Sherlock insisting there was some sort of emergency and that John had to come home right away, just for him to get there and have Sherlock request that he open a window or hand him something from across the room.
John decided to take a slightly more direct approach. “Guess what they found at the crime scene yesterday?”
“When do you think you’ll be home? I’d really like a cup of tea,” Sherlock texted flippantly, as though it was the most normal thing to request right now.
What Sherlock did next pissed John off even more. John took notes about what he could at the crime scene and then headed over to debrief with Lestrade. That was when his phone buzzed with a text from Sherlock.
“Since when do you ever back down from a case?” he pressed.
Pulling the small pouch out of the wall compartment, he squeezed it with an overwhelming sense of urgency and crawled back out from under the bed.
There was no denying that Sherlock was brilliant. He had intelligence and logic skills that almost seemed superhuman. But for as smart as the man was, he severely lacked emotional intelligence, and that was often infuriating to John.
John had tried to talk to him about it, but Sherlock had refused to acknowledge that he was upset at all, and pretended he was simply no longer interested in the case. When John mentioned that they had to find this guy or even more lives would be lost, Sherlock acted like he couldn't care less. Like this case was just a puzzle he was no longer interested in and the lives behind it did not matter at all.
“Sherlock?” John said gently. “Don’t walk away right now. Let’s just talk about this.”
But then, like a switch had flipped, Sherlock’s demeanor changed.
Sherlock nodded. “Now, tell me Watson, why do you think a person might be compelled to put on three nicotine patches? What does that tell you about their state of mind?” he asked.
“Sherlock, more people are going to die if we don’t find the killer,” John pushed back, shocked at the complete apathy that Sherlock was showing towards that particular detail.
“And what was I wearing when you got here?” Sherlock asked like he was teaching a child a math problem.
And right now, John was angry.
But here they were, in the middle of tracking a serial killer that was still actively killing, and Sherlock had just quit. Just walked out, acting completely indifferent to the fact that future lives were still at stake.
Sherlock felt that this was nearly foolproof for all the nosy people constantly snooping through his things. If they went under the bed, they would have to put weight on the intentionally loose floorboard before getting anywhere near the outlet. At that point, they would find the cigarettes and might possibly think they had been successful at finding his “stash” and maybe cigarettes were truly all he was hiding. But even if they didn’t and they found the key too, they would then divert their attention and start looking for something with a lock. When they found the lockbox it belonged to, which lived under another floorboard in his bathroom, all they would find would be another key that did not belong to anything at all, and they would drive themselves mad looking for the next lock. Nobody would realize the first key was really just meant to be used as a makeshift screwdriver for a space too narrow to fit a real screwdriver. Sherlock was actually quite proud of this system.
John knew he wasn’t actually indifferent, of course. Sherlock was actually upset, because today was the 5th new body they had found since Sherlock took the case, and he still hadn’t figured it out. They had even known who the victim was going to be. They had a list of all of the future victims, actually, but they still didn’t manage to save her. So Sherlock was disappointed in himself. Because even Sherlock was not all-knowing, but he always seemed to think he should be. So the fact that he had failed to solve this one in time to save victim after victim after victim was unthinkable to him. Sure, there was always an unsolved case or a slip up from time to time. But five failures in a row - that was something John had never seen happen to Sherlock before. And after seeing the 5th body, Sherlock was taking it really hard.
Once John had finished his coffee, he washed and dried the cup. By now it had been about an hour and a half since Sherlock had stormed off. John headed over to Sherlock’s room and cautiously knocked. There was no response.
“Am I not entitled to personal days from a job I do not even get paid for?” Sherlock asked, his tone still completely neutral.
John finally arrived home several hours after receiving Sherlock’s text. If he was being honest, it was possible he intentionally delayed returning to the flat and that he had been avoiding Sherlock. He was still pretty angry with him. But he knew that eventually he needed to go home and that he had to try to convince Sherlock to come back to the case. It was urgent, there were still more victims on the list that they had the opportunity to save.
John looked down at the lists and closed his eyes sadly at how reckless Sherlock could be with his own life sometimes.
John smiled, but quickly his mood turned somber again. “I wish you would talk to me, Sherlock. Or if not me, someone. I wish you would reach out to your friends when things get rough instead of just sinking into self-destruction.”
But apparently Sherlock was not just giving up on cases but also feeling less enthusiastic about harassing John too. The second part was fine by John. Sherlock could make his own cup of tea. John was busy still trying to save the lives that Sherlock apparently didn’t care about right now.
EIther way, now was not the time to question it, because Sherlock looked like he was one confrontation away from a full-blown breakdown.
“No, I thought you were just screwing with me,” John replied honestly.
“I’d rather not,” Sherlock replied, suddenly getting up from his spot and walking out of the kitchen.
That annoyed John even more, but he chose to let the man rest. After all, it had been a difficult day. Maybe some sleep and a reset was what was needed and tomorrow he would come to his senses.
From there, he put the glass of water on his nightstand and laid down on the floor and scooted himself under his bed to get to the secret compartment under his floorboard. He felt a sense of comfort as soon as his hands closed around the pack of cigarettes in there, but that was not what he was after tonight. He set it aside and then groped around in there again until he found the small key. Pulling it out, he scooted even further forward and contorted upwards to unscrew the fake electrical outlet behind his bed, which housed another secret compartment.
John almost laughed at the fact that this was Sherlock’s idea of reaching out for emotional support, but he realized this was a lesson to give Sherlock at a later time, when he didn’t look like he desperately wanted to crawl out of his own skin from what John now knew was obvious drug withdrawal.
“Any luck getting Sherlock back onto the case?” Lestrade asked when John answered the phone.
“I texted you,” Sherlock argued back.
“I’m on holiday,” Sherlock stated matter-of-factly as he sat in his chair.
“We should get some food in you,” John said instead.
Sherlock silently reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out two pieces of paper, handing them to John. John didn’t even have to look to know what they were, a silent confession from Sherlock and an explanation for the behavior John had just witnessed.
When he woke the next morning and came out into the common area, Sherlock was in the kitchen, intently focused on one of his odd experiments.
John frowned. “You told me you wanted tea, that’s hardly reaching out. How was I supposed to know you were on the verge of a relapse?”
John didn’t know how to label Sherlock, other than “difficult.” Sherlock was a difficult person to have as a friend. A difficult person to work with. A difficult person to understand.
An undecipherable emotion flashed across Sherlock’s face for a second, and then it was gone. He didn’t reply.
Perhaps, John should have realized that the peculiarity was important. That the details are always the most important when it comes to Sherlock. But instead, he ignored the text.
John clenched his jaw in frustration at the abrupt departure and obvious avoidance. He followed Sherlock into the living room.
“I think you would actually be well-advised to let me walk away, John,” Sherlock seethed.
John didn’t respond with anything other than a relenting nod. Sherlock was not in a state of mind where anything John said would matter anyway and he did not want to push Sherlock over the edge when his behavior was already so erratic. He sighed as Sherlock’s bedroom door slammed shut. If his suspicion was right, he didn’t want to think about what Sherlock might be doing in there now.
As soon as Sherlock was certain that John was not going to respond, he tossed his phone onto the table and grabbed a glass of water before heading for his bedroom, closing the door behind him.
Lestrade didn’t need to know the details to read between the lines. Just like that, Sherlock was off the case.
“Yes, I know what it means,” John retorted, crossing his arms across his chest. “I’m just a little confused as to how you can go on holiday while in the middle of trying to save these people’s lives.”
So John stayed at the crime scene himself, to take in as much information as he could. He figured he would share it with Sherlock once Sherlock had some time to come to his senses. Still, John wasn’t Sherlock. He wasn’t going to be able to notice the things Sherlock would notice if he had stayed himself. He wouldn’t know which details were important and which random scent or house decoration would tell the victim’s whole life story.
Sherlock nearly chuckled at the absurd question. “Certainly not.”
He sat on the edge of his bed and carefully laid out the pouch’s contents. A spoon, a syringe, a lighter, a tourniquet, several baggies of various substances, a pen, and a small notepad. Tearing a piece of paper from the notepad, he studied the baggies for a moment, deciding what he wanted to do. Then he carefully wrote his obligatory list for Mycroft and folded it into his pocket before getting to work. Sherlock didn’t really have any feelings about the list. At this point, it was just another part of the ritual.
“No, actually, I’m starting to think it’s best if he sits this one out,” John answered cryptically, staring at the closed bedroom door.
“Last night, you didn’t say that it was a crisis,” John said slowly. “Just that you wanted tea.”
John just closed his eyes and shook his head sadly. “Oh Sherlock,” he sighed. “You know, not everyone speaks Sherlockese fluently. Sometimes you have to communicate your feelings with words.”
John shook his head. “I haven’t called him. Do you want me to?”
Sherlock finally turned to look at John, his face ragged but a stubbornness to his response. “I did reach out.”
Sherlock looked slightly amused now, like John was missing something obvious. Meanwhile, John felt exasperated at the fact that Sherlock seemed to think John was supposed to read his mind. But then something clicked in John’s thoughts.
Sherlock turned on his heel at the request, and when he did, John saw a quiet fury behind his eyes that made his stomach sink. He couldn’t be sure, but suddenly he had a suspicion and a new worry. After all, he had previously only ever seen this kind of rage within Sherlock when Sherlock was high.
