to be there with you!” Tony retorts and he can’t stop the more panicked tone that’s rising, can’t help but feel apprehensive because he can’t let his team down, he has to be there because—what if he’s needed? What is someone is hurt and he can’t
, we need to
Wanda shouts and a cloud of scarlet-red mist begins to form, begins to condense before her eyes. The Scepter begins to light up in response, and Strucker speaks once more into the room
“Loki--” Amora starts and turns towards Loki, unbeknownst to the arachnid-man that is cautiously approaching her and unseeing of Ironman coming down the left isle.
There are some things Tony has missed since he had gone AWOL. With Ross standing there, presenting his fury with supposed failures, he supposes that it is to be expected. He hadn’t
"How much do you know?" Pepper asks, barely stepping out of the elevator. It seemed they had been both caught up in their thoughts and hadn't moved since. Fury follows her slow steps, cautious of his next few words. He makes notes of the eerie manequins framing the wall, various limbs traded from their pale plastic into artificial metal; here, this one with braces wound around an arm, here around a leg. There, in a corner, a metal spine aligns the back of a mannequin, headless and facing the corner.
“Sometimes I think you’re both out to get me.” Tony murmurs under his breath.
(“No bodies were found,” Peter announces to the Avengers in the main room on the first floor. Their babbling stops immediately. “As in, neither Amora’s nor Tony’s body was at the site when the rubble was removed.”
Fury looks over the chart, eying the symptoms Tony had listed while conscious. Looks over the medical notes: small hairline fractures, splints of false sternum, arm pain and numbness. Eying some of the small notes, Fury sees that someone had made some footnotes on their own: nightmares. Paranoia. Anxiety attacks. Feeling of being watched paired with misremembered events. Trouble keeping thoughts in line. Forgetting what he was saying as he spoke and moving onto tangents without noticing. Confusion.
to the Raft’s security measures, well.
“In the meantime,” Jarvis piped up and Steve would deny that he jumped, “I have some video feeds from last night and some information that Master Tony had requested me to have formed and separated—they are ready. Would you like to view them?”
“I believe Loki Lauffeyson is attempting to breach my security; he claims he knows how to find Enchantress, thus finding Thor and Tony.” Jarvis pulls up a video feed of Stark Tower and sure enough there is Loki, though in civilian clothing, standing idly by the gate. “Any orders?”
“OK, I’m entering the no-zone, so over-and-out, I guess.” Tony murmured into the intercom before shutting himself out completely. He entered the scrambled zone and paused momentarily as the electronics on his armor went haywire for a second before completely stabilizing. He walked past the fallen tree and up the faded and grimy scarlet carpets, past the center ticket booth and into the main doors.
“Uhm, what?” Tony finally says after a few seconds of deliberation. Peter only opens his un-squished eye to give Tony what is, admittedly, the best one-eyed unamused look possible while face-planting a cushion. “No don’t give me that look I’ve had a hard day and I was actually busy doing
The Tesseract, Tony understands now better than before, is more. It’s an entity in and of itself, almost alive with no other function and nothing to learn from than the surrounding hands. Insofar, it seems, the Tesseract is a weapon. It was a weapon for the Jotun; it became a relic to the Asgardians. It was a tool for destruction for the Red Skull, it was a portal to war for Loki. It’s a tool now, as well, to grant Amora her dastardly wishes.
Steve only grunts and nods, still facing down. Sam sighs, turns and sits across from Steve as Scott shrugs and finds a seat to curl up on. Clint trudges by to the cockpit. Sam tilts his head back and closes his eyes.
Still. No Tony.
Safe to show his cards, considering he doesn't know the game anyway. Pepper hums noncommittally. He waits, a few seconds, to see if she has anything to add or correct before continuing.
“These, great Antony, are the Landvættir, kind and gently spirits of the land that promote thriving of the land that they guard.”
“You’re at least five city blocks away from me, I’m closer to Spidey anyway. There’s this theatre that’s looking run down, a tree burning in front but no heat signature; the Jarvis reported a signal scrambler so I haven’t heard from Spiderman since his first transmission. I’m going in; you guys regroup and come on by.” Tony starts taking his first measured steps toward the main entrance, studying the shuffling wraiths that are standing along the patches of grass, laying and sitting or standing but fretting nonetheless, looking on with blank faces as Tony steps past rubble and collapsed buildings.
The waitress that approaches the table is not the one that refilled her coffee seven minutes and twenty seconds ago. When the young woman places a folded receipt on the table without a comment, Natasha gives it a few more bites of what is left of her meal before opening the receipt casually.
“No, automatic pilot to P-Parker’s signal, it’s the weakest right now so he’s fighting some pretty big interference. Open communication line with S-Rogers.” Tony directs, launching off in the direction of Peter’s already weak signal.  A dozen more commands appear before his eyes until there’s the clear sound of a battle underway and harsh breathing.
“Who are you?” Tony wills himself to ask because he must know. He has to.
“Tony, now’s not the time to start acting like a dame, we’ve all seen you without a shirt, and missing much, much more.” Steve growls. “The damn thing she tossed at you melted the armor like plastic, take. The damn. Shirt.
Tony stops suddenly, and listens.
“Thank you” Steve breathed out, trying his hardest not to smile. Hank gave him a little nod and a look, the same look Pepper would give him whenever he tried to make Tony remember that he was human and that billionaire-playboy-philanthropist-body of his had basic needs. It made Steve want to squirm but his soldier instincts battled the impulse down and he turned away, a sigh heavy on his lips.
He just. Needed to be alone. Just for a bit, at least, and then he could go back and face them.
By the 24 hour mark, both Peter and Steve are tired and still waiting on Jarvis for any information.
“Alright, if you get
I don’t know you are
Steve, not for the first time, comes to the conclusion that there must be something wrong with him.
Tony closes his eyes with a groan as the metal digs a little deeper and feels Steve’s gloved hands frame his cheeks and pull his head back up.
if you have to but you can’t--”
and now you’re—you’re passing out or spacing out,
and weak Tony is.
“What?” Steve huffs out.
Steve’s silent, though, watching with this enraptured look of… something else, like he’s trying to figure out what the hell is going on but his brain is drawing a blank. Tony bets he doesn’t look any better than Steve, though, and feels the bruises on his neck and chest throb as the electrified blue eyes scan his now exposed body. The gaze is almost like a physical touch, like another tongue licking down his body, down the expanse of his chest where the reactor ends and the puckered scars tapper off into Tony’s chest, abdomen, the bobbing erection that dribbles a little more pre-cum at the attention.
“Secretary Ross only asked for a lead. He may find proof of the fugitives having taken shelter in Sokovia, but he will not find them in Sokovia any longer.”
, for all that matters to you. What was it that I told you the first time, Iron Man Yes, Tony Stark—"
feel a goddamn tube in my throat for the rest of my life. I need to make sure Ross didn’t rustle enough feathers with the UN, or the Accords Council, I need to check on the Spiderling, and we still have those drafted amendments… I have to change the timeline now that we don’t have evidence for the Raft—”
“Not so,” Vision nods, but looks pensive. Tony looks at him and then thumps his head once more on the wall.
when Jarvis announces that the Avengers have returned. Tony’s in the living room with the TV on mute, an older episode of
Rhodey examine’s his friend’s face, the worn sweater. The slight tremble in his arm.
But he can’t come up with her name.
Repeat. Repeat, repeat.
happened.
Tony snorts and Rhodey feels his breathing get a little lighter. It had been tough holding the fort, keeping Vision busy, Ross busy, Pepper focused, and trying to focus on his own physical therapy while ignoring how he woke up from nightmares in cold sweat and the swoop in his stomach of
She looks at the woman fixing a burrito, who looks at her perplexed.
It's not clear who is saying it.
And so Steve remains, shifting his weight from foot to foot, wondering if he should speak up or do something but there's no words coming to him, like the ability to formulate syllables into words has fled. The two continue to chatter and chuckle and have fun and Steve watches with the sickening dawning of an epiphany on his features, wide blue eyes and gaping mouth because--
“Do you honestly believe that your little, ordinary gun will kill me?” Loki scoffs, tilts his head.
. This isn’t
is leading the charge behind this breakout. I mean,” Ross straightens his back, raises his hands with a shrug, “who
Steve doesn't know why he notices this one mundane Wednesday evening. With everyine it's always "Cap" this or "Captain" that, and it shouldn't bother him really, being that he
But he doesn’t see a thing, only this thick void of darkness before it begins to fade away into a familiar picture; it’s the top floor of the mansion.
, she had a smallpox joke on the tip of her tongue.
Ah. That, then. Rhodey puts a hand on Tony’s head and bites back a relieved sigh when the other man doesn’t flinch this time.
“Sir, perhaps you should wait until these episodes subside.” Jarvis offers.
, he thinks distantly,
"They found the extent of his injuries." Pepper motions at the chart, scribbled with three different writing styles. "Tony was conscious when they did the run down. Somehow, it came back to this: the arc reactor. Something about… his sternum being crushed. Pressing down too hard on his heart, his lungs. The scarring was… it was his choice, in the end, but less of a choice. More or less, Tony’s choice came down to dying slowly, continuously, or reverting back to the technology that had been keeping him alive.”
Steve huffs as he throws himself on the ground, the last slab of concrete sliding off into a pile where the rest he had moved were stacked. At least some of the, or what he assumed to be, supermarket was somewhat intact beneath the mixed crushed remains of the other three quarters. He stayed like that for a second, just breathing.
“Wait,” the young man instructs, raising his palm in the same motion. The young man paused for a second before reaching behind them over the center console to pull out a large black shirt. He tosses it at her without a word and then shifts to shuffle among the garbage and random items on the floor of the back seats. “Alright, look, if you want to hear what these people say you’re gonna have to change. It’s not your size but ‘dirty hitchhiker’ is not the kind of person that gets people to talk to them about stuff like this.”
Hope looks at her father, who simply stares back.
and the comforting sound of people murmuring about. Silence would be too much. Steve hates silence, hates the feeling that everyone is overthinking about one thing or another.
Dammit, Steve was
isn’t being tired, Tony!” Steve shouts, more exasperated than angry. “You’ve been getting progressively worse; don’t you dare deny it. You don’t sleep, you don’t
“Natasha is MIA,” Clint said with a frown. He handed Steve back the burner phone. Gave no comment or outward inclination to know anything about it, “we can’t be sure if Ross has her or if Tony is keeping her locked in the Compound.”
Tony hesitates for a moment, still looking over the tools and notes on the work counter before hefting a heady sigh. “Is he gone yet?” There’s a momentary lapse of silence before Jarvis responds.
I don't have a beta-reader so please feel free to let me know if there are any errors! Sorry for this chapters formatting with all the leaping. Also, I don't know why all my titles are Twilight Zone themed, I have to stop marathoning it.
Tags will be updated as they go, and yes that relationship tag is slow burn. Also, this is compliant to all movies except, you know, actual Avengers: Infinity Wars Part I.
“Are you really seeing the tapestry? The fabric of events, the motion of reality?” Idonae whispers, as if trying to not destroy the meadow’s tranquility. Her hair is flowing in the warm wind, golden curls sparkling in the sunlight. She is seated in the emerald pastures, surrounded by bloody red apples, jade green apples and a single golden apple that rests on her lap. The previous shawl she had wrapped around her bare form is gone and she sits in her nude beauty, flashing violet-navy eyes shining with mirth. The lavender ruffs of the amaranths rub against her creamy skin, like kittens trying to garner attention.
“I think,” Clint finally speaks up, and Wanda feels like his voice sounds like nails scratching across a chalk board –
He hadn’t looked at the cellphone in his torn jean pockets since the morning when he first left a few hours ago, had seen the battery wink at him with only 17% left, and decided that it would need all the juice it could store for the foreseeable future. He doesn’t want to think about the past. Like the Valkyrie, like Bucky, it was something to leave, frozen and stagnant in his past.
Ross shrugs. “Depending on the information, and what it leads to. The government and its people, I’m afraid, will still be keeping a close eye on vigilantism and the Accords are, of course, still in effect. The government might just slow a bit in pushing for stricter revisions. Perhaps the whole issue of registration may just dwindle off if the shift is good.”
Before he even realized that Tony Stark
He can let himself have this, this moment, but he knows what will come next. As soon as they find Enchantress he knows what will happen. So he can have this, can give Steve this but can’t give in to the pulsing
--but remembered the last used page of Tony in a disheveled tuxedo, looking quite downcast yet equally serene and blushed so hard his face felt on fire before hightailing it completely.
She’s still speaking, he thinks; Tony can feel the words like sugar drops falling into a pool of water, smooth and gentle, dissolving just as soon as they reach him. Feather-light as he falls deeper, deeper, but there is a warm weight pressing on his hand, holding him above the surface of absolute darkness.
A tabloid had caught her attention two states ago:
of his racing heart.
“TONY!”
doing on da, da floor?” Tony mumbles, rubbing a hand over his face, trying to wipe the last ghostly remnants of his nightmare from his mind’s eye.
“Cap, where-where’s Tony?”
: the concoction of man in order to control nature, tame it, yet it is nature itself that dictates the rise and fall, the ebb and flow of humanity and the universe in and of itself.
an irritating voice that sounds like He-Who-Will-Not-Be-Named says in the back of Tony’s mind, and Tony chokes on what he was going to actually say.
“Of course, sir”
“Amora” Spiderman pipes up
patience, and had it in spades for certain situations. The Hank Pym facing down a plain-clothed law enforcement official—because he couldn’t be anything else, not with that kind of posture—on his own porch is not that man. This Hank Pym is
was time.
each other and together.
“It is not as unfamiliar as I would have hoped,” she says, casting her gaze downwards. “When Pietro and I were starting to train our powers, it was deemed easier to deal with us in smaller rooms.” They were basically cells, to be frank, but basically. They had been deemed unstable. Pietro couldn’t even stay still without vibrating.
. You are the beauty of mortality; you have been tainted with violence yet you search for peace, fight for the common wealth, for redemption. You’re impulsive perfection, beautifully flawed, disastrously perfect. You are fiendish in your vain ambitions, heavenly in your wiles, but you fear and regret so heartily; so impeccably
No matter how much power he has, Steve realizes, he will always be powerless where it matters.
“He’s at the car garage with Master Odinson, Captain”
“Yeah? Nah, actually, I think I’ll find him in a bit. Just keep an eye on him, please? Make sure he doesn’t go through another episode. I know it’s been a while but…” Steve trails off.
set of laws, y’all
Steve rolls his eyes and rips off the shirt, ignoring Tony’s protest in order to wrap the shreds on Tony’s upper arm, pressing another torn fragment into the burnt skin just above the makeshift bandage. Tony pointedly ignored the Super soldier, choosing, rather, to look at the broken and rotting theater seats. Peter’s still babbling about the fight to an eager Thor, Natasha is just slinking down the aisle, eying everything in sight. They’re a bit off towards the other end of the front screening area, their words incomprehensible from where the two are.
—as international lawbreakers?
It’s broken.
“Okay, one, those laws were called the Anti-Hydra Initiatives, the Treatise of New York, the London Agreements—”
Tony’s head still aches, though the throbbing in his temples has changed into something almost familiar, almost telling. He should feel surprised that it has taken almost a whole day of being captured to start to feel even an inkling of dread and that ell-tale dizziness of an other-worldly presence try to enter his mind, submerge him in the murky waters of unconsciousness.
,” Hank starts, and chooses to ignore Hope’s smirk as she walks past him to the hallway. He knows it’s because she wants to speak securely, maybe check to make sure that the agent did leave. He huffs but follows after a few seconds pause—he is
to do.
They didn’t speak for another few minutes, driving within the city boundaries towards the rural neighborhood the incident occurred in. When the young man pulls over and parks the car, Natasha makes to unbuckle herself.
He gives Pepper a curious glance. She's sitting next to him, any uncomfortableness masked by the amount of annoyed tapping she's doing on her StarkTablet. She looks bothered, stressed, and a little undone, if he is to be reasonable, but she had herded him into the inconspicuous Honda around the corner. He tries to wrap his head around the idea that, still recovering from the horrors of extremis, this one woman still went out of her comfort to help. To save others, whether she approved of Stark’s own heroics.
bond, and we aren’t exactly sure what that, that there precious little thing that gives you life does. Loki,” Tony swallows, but charges on, “he could control people, using the scepter, and we both know Strucker wasn’t using it to cure world hunger; he was… experimenting. It also infected the systems and-and somehow programmed itself into ULTRON.” Tony sighs and closes his eyes. “So it could be bad, sure, but it could also just be something harmless.  Pietro and Wanda’s powers came from the stone, right?”
have if you’d been a better handler.”
Steve had only smiled down at his hands, and then found himself pulled into Bucky by one arm for a long hug. Steve had tensed for only a second before he raised his arms and wrapped them around Bucky in return.
help me figure out what the hell just happened?”
Steve has already made his way to her before he is consciously aware of his own movements. The alcove seems to quiet down as the two stare at each other until Steve finally bows his head and drops to a knee.
From Tony’s stand point, though it’s more like: Fuck it. They’re already in danger.
It’s just
what you can do with your limited, childish power.”
“I don’t do well without faces,” Tony points out sardonically, “just thought you should know”
“Like what?” Scott asks, slightly hesitant. Nakia turns to him but it is T’Challa that speaks up instead.
“Look,” Tony starts, and Rhodey breathes in softly at the tone, “I’m not saying we all made good choices, because we didn’t—”
Tony nods and looks at Vision askance.
The first time Tony mentions something about Stark enterprises
Steve doesn’t sleep at all tonight. He thinks of Tony, captured by a mad woman in love and shudders.
“Jarvis!” Steve shouts to the side, turning his head to avoid yelling in Tony’s ear. “I need you to call someone from the medical bay and Hank McCoy, uh, and can you
“No, you’re not, Tony. Don’t even think about trying to prove otherwise; I’m going back to meet the rest of the team, and when we come back--”
What the hell do you mean ‘figure out what we’ll do next’ because I have parole, you know, and a daughter.” Sam relents and releases a sound somewhere between a question mark and an exclamation. He sounds pained.
he thinks numbly until he spots the hologram Steve is motioning towards.
The only odd thing is how, whenever mentioned, Thor vehemently protests the announcement of his death and the passing of the company officially to Pepper. No one understands his reasoning and they tend to let him rant as he pleases but it’s been a week.
"You know, Rogers, there's a lot out there that's changed. But there's still a lot that's the same, really." Tony says offhandedly the next morning. "You just have to know where to look." It's one of those rare moments where they aren't fighting, and even rarer is that no one else is around. Steve is honestly and completely surprised and he turns to look at Tony, in some jeans and a faded "Judas Priest" shirt, sunglasses and a bowl of Fruit Loops.
“So we have golden thread, a wolf and a tree.” Tony bobs his head and taps his fingers on the counter. “Not too shabby. Is our friendly neighborhood Asgardian-pseudo-norse-god expert here yet?”
. Steve, well to be completely honest, he feels like he's interrupting something private,  a moment between two scientists, two brilliant minds, two
Erik Selvig is a kind man, Steve knows, and after the Loki fiasco he had become an almost permanent fixture both in the Tower and Thor's conversation. Steve respected him.
Official: Package returned safely. Back in NY. Status: complete.
It’s as if they’ve become absorbed in some kind of vacuum: the hum of the electric systems mutes, and the sound of their breathing is gone; the lights all flicker and fail at the same time.
His own safety isn't worth Tony getting hurt.
“He was… sitting. In the conference room, the one Ross used when he told us about… the Accords…” Wanda trails off. It seemed so long ago, when she had seen it, and it boggles her even now to know it hasn’t even been months, only a few weeks. “But it was only Stark, and Rhodes, and Ross was there, too. But it was like they were… paused? Frozen in place.
“Viz,” Rhodey starts, and Vision rises to his feet.
Natasha shakes Aaron’s hand. “Thank you,” she says, “for this.”
You can't prove anything, anyway.
happenings around the US, and safe spots that weren’t ‘covered in red tape and bureaucracy’ for the everyday man that wanted to experience the extra-terrestrial visitations without the fear of city-wide annihilation. He’d been kind enough for the three hours they had to drive, and although he fought to keep the trip free of any charge—
For what?
God, it always leaves him breathless.
retaliation for that idiot’s actions, and we don’t know if they’re just another loon looking for some fancy tech to weaponize. You don’t go out there to meet whoever’s been lurking in the peripherals. There must be a reason why they’re not approaching, anyway. Hell, they might just
I didn't know I had comments and I'm sorry y'all I'll start replying ASAP!
for Rogers to stage a break out and
Lights, bright and flaring red and blue.
“Hope you’re happy, if you don’t mind I think I’m going to and drink away the next hour. Sure as hell beats all of--” Tony ducks his head and motions towards the video streams. “It beats all of this.” He takes a deep breath, runs his had through his sweaty hair and turns, leaving before Steve has the chance to say anything.
Tony knew the destructive capacity he could unleash. Had he really wanted Bares dead? Could he really see his fury reflected on Steve’s face when he lowered the shied, when they’d both gouged at tge reactor on his chest and beat him between the two of them?
“T—y there’s something…. You to nee-- to see, it’s—I don’t…. I don’t know what it could….” The voice would blurt out through the tumult and commotion. It sounded a little like Peter, though much more hysterical; there was a loud crash in the background downing out the next few words until, suddenly, all the noises died down.
“The Tesseract is more than power,” Loki hisses as they rattle in the Quinjet. “It’s more or less the equivalent of a genie in a bottle; it sees your wishes, your wants and desires and warps the world around them. Your conviction must be as strong as iron and unbendable like the mountains. If your wish is possible then the Tesseract can make it true, will bend the cosmos to your will. It is energy and truth.”
“Twice.”
“Alive.” Tony hears a guttural stranger whisper and comes to the conclusion that it must have been himself. “I am… alive.”
Tony can’t say he’s surprised. It takes a lot of damage to start the Ragnarok. He just hopes he can get everything in place before the deaths start, too. Stark tower is surprisingly quiet, now; Tony thinks that the crew probably all left for the S.H.I.E.L.D debriefing he was supposed to go to but there are bigger fish to fry.
They don’t even know what it means.
The door shuts behind Strucker. She remembers the word PEACE written in his blood across the wall where Ultron himself bashed his face in. Somewhere in the Quinjet, someone is walking towards her. In her mind, the soldier is sitting at the ready across the table from her. She starts by seeing into his mind-- gently prodding his thoughts, plucking from deep within the language he speaks, using his own knowledge as her own.
“That doesn’t make sense.” Steve growls and he grabs the other limp wrist to push the not-Tony further into the cushions. “Now I’m going to ask you a question and you’re damn well going to answer me honestly or I’ll get Agent Widow and she knows a thousand ways to knock a man out and more ways to make it painful, understand?” Apparently receiving his answer Steve barreled on. “Good. What did you do to Tony?”
Remember how Ross was a hard-ass at the beginning of Infinity War with Rhodey? I actually liked that. I'm keeping that.
Sometimes it’s easier to think of Steve as this; as this pseudo-modern, old-school young man with scruples when allowing a dame to enter a building first but no qualms when listening to Jan rant about the pros and cons of using a strap on versus a vibrator.
The air is charged with silence and darkness now, the rich smell of the rain, undertones of ozone and amaranths and earth.
Vision meets Tony’s gaze and then drops to watch the tap-tap-tapping finger.
There's something in the phrase that stirs Steve's memory, like a vague dream he can't remember. Tony grins and returns to the kitchen to finish his breakfast and it takes Steve a few seconds to realize that he's smiling back.
Hank Pym okay, so I can tell you how much of a big deal that is—and the random slew of
, makes her stomach churn once more.
“Yes, Master Steven.” The AI pipes up and the room fills with Tony’s murmuring. Steve’s heart clenches at the low, familiar whispers.
“Yes, Scott Lang,” the voice responds with a touch of humor, “I am god, but you may simply call me T’Challa.”
“Well, there’s something up with Tony and he’s, well it’s not—Tony…”
him is surreal, like another one of his visions. Its mounting, this indescribable feeling, shaking Tony down to his foundations, breaking the parts that are beyond repair and fixing those smaller nicks with gentle touches, fleeting breaths shared between them.
“Lead the way.” Steve huffs, making his way to the elevator while Jarvis takes him down to Tony’s lab.
“Who exactly
"Calm down, please, Rogers,
saying,” Scott retorts, “That those things were totally around before, and it’s the scale of Sokovia that gave it the name, alright, and
“I am not
Steve simply stood there, the need to chase after Tony beaten by the need to know just what was going on. He closes his eyes, turns towards the screens and takes a deep breath.
and he has no need to lie to himself or anyone else for that matter, Tony might have sulked in his room for the hour that Steve remained in his lab. Maybe. Just a little. Besides, there’s no proof (because he got JARVIS to erase the video feed) and for all he cares no one even bothered to try to find out what was going on.
"Up there, up there in the vastness of space, in the void that is sky, up there is an enemy known as isolation. It sits there in the stars waiting, waiting with the patience of eons, forever waiting..." - Rod Serling, Twilight Zone ep. 1.1 ("Where Is Everybody?")
only darker, deadlier and slower; the world is slowly dying, bleeding out as the plague works its way from one ocean to another, through continent to continent—the
and golden apples. He ponders this for a moment, closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, eyes tightly shut with a hand pinching the bridge of his nose.
Steve looks at the clock. Knowing Tony, and how forgetful the man can be, he pads barefoot into the kitchen to prepare something to eat to take to the eccentric billionaire.
Tony should have known better than to expect anything, really. This was just another testament to everything that led him here, biting his tongue while Ross paints a tragic picture with his hands, with his righteousness.
He hadn’t expected T’challa to
“I’ll tell you what,” a new voice chimes in, “you can leave my father’s front porch, or I can start sending this video to every person’s newsfeed and you
“Get out of the way!” Loki shouts as he cautiously takes a step back. Peter leaps back to the ceiling but  Tony has less time, less agility and can only brace himself as a flutter of fire surrounds Amora, spreads and causes a wave of fiery destruction. Loki defends himself with an ice replica of his own form, shooting the ice block forward in his stead.
"Thank you."
bruised and battered, still giving her time to run. And then—
Steve is confused as to why a part of his brain finds this whole situation...endearing.
“You better
Fury watches the steady rise and fall of Tony’s chest. Lets the sounds of machines around them fill in the silence, and understands, once more, why it is called ‘life support’.
“Or we give the location of the rogue Avengers,” Vision says solemnly, staring at Tony. “This is assuming we… know their location, to begin with.” Rhodey looks at Vision oddly, then looks at Tony, at the slight tremble in his left arm that clenches the armrest.
Iron Man, he would always puzzle on the elusive, and quite crude, sarcastic and eccentric CEO. Oftentimes he would be directed straight to the red-and-gold plated “bodyguard” when he started asking some of the questions on his mind to the bountiful S.H.I.E.L.D. agents about the Stark Corporation Chairman. Iron Man would simply stare at him with those glowing blue eyes, silent; Steve honestly thought that the machine didn’t have a voice modulator whatsoever.
Besides, he figured Steve was the champion anyway.
. Both brothers perished, hand in hand, together in the carefully executed void she died to create, for if she could not have him then
Vision’s right; it feels like it was just yesterday. Like his body hasn’t healed at all.
No, no there’s something wrong. The once lulling sense of warmth and comfort is fading fast. He’s flinching at the biting cold that’s warping through his senses and the tinges of black sprouting at the edges of his vision. The images that flashed, bright and effervescent bleed a harsh pigmented and stagnant darkness.
Tony talking to Steve after a battle. After a nightmare.
“Thor! Ol’ buddy ol’pal, what are we facing?” Tony chirps into the connected lines.
When the person that’s holding Tony put him down and run their fingers through Tony’s hair, well, it’d be a lie to say it’s what sends Tony back to sleep. Technically he wasn’t fully awake in the first place.
“See what… you have to lose…”
See? A pattern. Easy: climb up, find things, hide them away in your heart; be disheartened. Let down. Freeze. Throw it all away. Thaw. Repeat.
"Perhaps you should have kept your agent for more than a SparkNotes summary." Pepper criticizes. "And learn to train your agents in some kind of cryptic-speak. Is there an international Spy-Lingo?" She pauses. "Maybe throw in some psychology in there, the Behavioral Sciences are really moving government agencies and law enforcement forward into the future."
“She told me you would come, and that the Valkyrie Sveid was a sign.” Missouri looks up into Tony’s eyes, so incredibly sad. Tony swallows thickly.
—god, he’d hit Falcon with a repulsor blast, and it was only the grace of armor he had made that protected the other man. When it came down to it—
Then, almost, the sound of… wings? Natasha looks up quickly, unfurling from where she was curled around her bag, sleeping.
Rhodes snorts, heaves himself further back into his seat, if possible.
Tony would hold his breath.
“Uno por beinte o dos por treinta,” the woman says, “two for thirdy.”
Just Natasha, alone, no longer privy to the truth. She shrugs it off as she digs into her pocket for the right amount of bills, just a little extra on the tip. She doesn’t have to worry about that, then. As long as she blends in, makes no waves, she should make it easily to Missouri.
to complain or fight back. By the time he has the will to ask where they’re heading, Thor had turned a giant grin to him and simply answered, as if they were heading to the corner market, “Asgard!”
Any questions? Leave me a comment and I'll answer :D (I went and got into some mythology and started getting too in-depth ^^; Sorry!)
“A sign for what?”
“You and Jarvis both; I swear you’re consulting together against me.” Tony sighs and Steve lets out a light chuckle. He's trying hard to come up with possibilities to get out of resting to check the feeds but for now there's no loop-hole to snake his way through. Damn it all. “Alright, c’mon.” Tony outstretches his arms. “You’re gonna need a ride. Last I checked Captain America could beat up Nazis, not fly.”
“Selvig. Viz needs to see Selvig to see if his powers, the powers of the Mind Stone, are something he can… retroactively effect.” Tony elaborates, “I figured we would—”
She feels clearer than she has in
Clint and Sam are in the hangar while Wanda tries to come up with a way to explain herself. She can’t tell them that Vision warned her—in a dream, no less, but it’s the closest explanation she can come up with herself. She’s bundled in the same ratty old blanket she’d had in the bed as Scott leans back, allowing himself to be her leaning pillar.
“The most temperamental, emotional response for… the members would be to go somewhere to regroup. The construction of the country is still underway, with spots around considered inhospitable to citizens. Anonymity. Without their Avengers identity, the citizens may not even know who they are.” Vision has not looked away, but Tony has closed his eyes. Ross nods, says a few parting words in thanks and leaves with his cell phone attached to his ear, barking out orders even as he leaves.
Thor surprised Steve by dragging him out of the Tower. The Super-Soldier is too tired, too
“Ah, here you all are. The signals are still being scrambled so we couldn’t find you, looked around for a bit; we’re ready for you outside. Two wounded, correct?” The S.H.I.E.L.D. operative looks at the small group and shrugs. “There’s a medic in the ‘copter, let’s move out; Director Fury wants you all in his office ASAP,” he breaths and the team is amazed at how much the young man can spill out in a single breath. There’s terse silence as the Peter and Thor shuffle towards the exit of the Auditorium; Natasha quickly leaps and stalks out the door without a sound and Steve gets off of Tony, spares a glance at the once again hidden and guarded expression and sighs.
Smiles.
to speak but then got interrupted mid thought.
And there is Tony, with a light glow emanating from beyond the blood-soaked bandages. He follows his train of thought from the injuries, the bruises in mid-healing, the lacerations and scrapes, the finger tips also wrapped carefully in bandages. Stark hadn't returned with either super soldier. He had gone out to them, though. Fury knew this, had seen the strangely looped minutes from The Raft, had confirmation of Zemo's arrest in Siberia. Had the changes and amendments been pre-planned, not requiring of Stark's actual
Just leaves you wishing a little like it could. Like something in your life will be merciful, for once. He sighs as He pulls the nap sack they’d found full of metal gadgets and small tools that he had emptied for this venture. He starts packing the sack with bottles of water, kicking around wrappers and rubble to see what else he can find.
“--ake up”
Steve’s sitting next to Pepper who is sitting with a regal air about her, tears streaming ceaselessly though she remains stoic. Steve breaks a little more.
"Oh, dear. Mother leader of Æsir will not be happy nor pleased.” The young maiden’s pink lips purse into something akin to a frown, her glowing, light skin dulls momentarily. “Her powers are fading, the words are seized; a darkness grows upon your realm; the anger that grows will overwhelm. Whose name do you pray with each breath? Who will miss you most in death?" Those eyes shift slightly into a pure, wretched blue that steals Tony’s breath.
Clint blinks, looks worried. His eyes are normal. Wanda lets out a breath, and then gives him a hesitant, watery smile. "Sorry," she says raspily, "just getting lost in thought. Is there something else?"
“Or deliver us to a trap!” Peter retorts.
"Yes," Pepper answers simply, and continues to walk with the clear intention of having Fury follow her. Fury, both a little amazed and worried at the sudden changes in demeanor, follows silently, knowing that no immediate threat follows.
The next sheet has a drawing, a literal illustration. There’s a hand that’s outstretched, the cross-hatching making each finger stand out, each little shade exact; in its palm is a box, small and incurious with light edge protectors, some sort of swirling on its surface that is lighter than the cube itself. There’s a neat scrawl in the bottom, not his own messy chicken-scratches but neater and slants slightly.
“Right now, you’re being stubborn. You’re a liability, Tony, and if you are there on the frontline with us and you get hurt I-I…” Steve trails off as he stands, runs a hand through his dirty blonde hair and finally looks at Tony once more. “You’re staying here. That’s an order.”
“But that’s it, right, that’s the worse of it all?” Tony mumbles, rubbing the arc reactor through the sweater. The cold sting of the zipper centers him, if only for a few more moments. “No countries on fire, no new disasters?”
He remembers a golden apple.
“God,” Steve huffs out pressing his lips in a soft kiss against Tony’s neck, pressing the boneless body against his, “God, I just--”
(See the end of the chapter for
—I can’t tell what they are, it’s like they keep banishing it’s very annoying; Thor should know, I could only catch half of his whole spiel, sorry.” There’s the low hum, the sound of Captain America’s shield being tossed and then footsteps on gravel.
But Steve is human (modified but still human) and it's that mortality that gives him the right to lie sometimes, even when it's to himself.
“Well, Miss Missouri, what
Steve closes his eyes and breathes out.
(He thinks that Tony would love being here, would have a brain-gasm from the architectural integrity of the bridge alone, but he stomps down that thought and gets a jump start on Thor who is already trudging down the path, greeting a tall man in golden armor and an unseeing stare.)
The silence returns. Wanda, mind blank, forehead pinched, tries to focus beyond the throbbing of her head. Sam has turned around, and Clint, although looking bothered, has a considering tilt to his head, to the slant of his mouth.
“What does the name have to do with anything, man—” Sam starts, rolling his eyes and shaking his head at Clint who returns the gesture with a shrug.
It's like a series of stills, with the words all out of place: darkness, Thor, Steve, Enchantress, Loki, blood, darkness, light, golden apples, golden hair, Steve, darkness; "Hlín protects you, the Valkyrie will guide you" they say and Tony wants to laugh because he was wrong, so wrong, he was wrong all along. He hears mad laughter and feels a hand run through his hair, whisper soothing words into the silence.
She sounds so soft, so warm, like a cool summer day, like a bed of flowers, a cloud. Otherworldly; ethereal. Her name is at the tip of his tongue. He cannot speak, though; Tony is trapped in this cocoon of warmth and darkness.
But no one answers and Tony laughs morosely at himself and shakes his head. Steve doesn't realize that his hand had been moving and that lines and curves have formed a person, how light scratches of black became hatching and cross hatching of the shadows of the man that Isn't-but-
: the trees root that reached Asgard contains the well of Urd, and this was the tree where the Norns (Fates) lived . Their names were Urd “past”, Verdani “present” and Skuld “future” The three Norns was the goddesses of fate. They spent most of their time spinning the threads of life, deciding the fate of every human, animal and every god.
"Cameo of a man who has just lost his most valuable possession. He doesn't know about the loss yet. In fact, he doesn't even know about the possession... [b]ut he's going to be thinking a great deal about it from now on, because that is what he's lost. And his search for it is going to take him into the darkest corners..." - Rod Serling, 'Person or Persons Unknown'
So far, in his search for the madwoman and the power to end the world, he has found brief mentions of the
Tony takes a deep breath, lets it out in a loud sigh and slides the faceplate down.
Jarvis, in fact, was created with the only specified instructions to help Tony. There wasn’t much else written into the program that would tell of its specific utilitarian purpose. The programming would state, in layman terms: “This A.I is hereby given free evolutionary reign so long as it fulfills its purpose and can branch out, be snarky and, hell, get its own set of characteristics, like a personality—this program is limitless only to its official objective”.
“That’s right,” Ross straightens up, begins to pat down his jacket. “Appeasement, of sorts, I suppose, although it seems like nothing will stave off the strictest regulations except—”
“I believe I have located something, sir.” Jarvis says and Tony groans, feels the lovely ache at the base of his spine, the faint tenseness of his muscles, the creaking of his bones. Steve is still sleeping in bed behind Tony and the man grunts, face scrunching, but doesn’t wake up. Tony sighs and slumps back into the bed, throwing an arm across his eyes.
It’s late already, an unholy hour between too late and too early, when he slips into the bed, and closes his eyes.
who else was let out during that time.”
“Tony?” Steve repeats and Tony blinks out of his daze to find Steve a lot closer. He can’t look away from the worried blue eyes and Tony decides that there’s only now. There’s only this moment and if he can forget the half whispered voice in his head and the threat of a woman’s wrath on the world then it’s here with Steve.
"Is this you, getting your hands dirty?" Pepper clarifies, breaking Fury from his impending reverie. "Because, I gotta say, its maybe four of five years a little too late for you to start taking
“There was something found in the electronic surveillance,” Ross starts, “we never lost visuals, of course, but the audio became warped. Odd, you see, and who should be in the room but Tony Stark, showing something to Sam Wilson. Now, without audio feeds, we don’t
The available Avengers are all assembled in SHIELD HQ within half an hour of Jarvis sounding the alarm. With most agents and Avengers out doing damage control, Steve and Peter are the only two available agents to find Thor and Tony. Fury, though understanding, is adamant that they work on finding the two as soon as possible with their available resources.
With Enchantress gone, the city seems to have calmed down a bit. Tony smiles a little at the news and flips over to another tab, another city broadcasting supernatural activity about.
Around Steve’s wrists.
He whips his head to observe the Tesseract.
“I don’t care if you’re going through the video files for what happened in Vienna,” a female voice says from behind Shuri. “And I am here on my own volition. You leave… not much in terms of presence, or even a signature. It was hard coming here.”
“I have had the blessing of trying to find my best friend. And in all those weeks we looked for you, Tony, all that time they tried to tell me that it was useless… I held onto hope. I held onto the idea that, whole or not,
“I love you,” Tony whispers as the ceiling begins to fall apart.
, Strucker instructs from the intercom. The Scepter glows as Wanda tries to find more information, tries to dig deeper.
“I do not owe them anything,” Vision begins, eyes darting forward once more. “Just as they felt no need to think about who they hurt or lied to. I do not owe my allegiance to… them.” Tony swallows, taps a little faster. They begin their trek to the conference room once more, slower. “I understand that it may be strange for you to hear this, but you have been… incapacitated for some time, and for you the Accords and Siberia were only days ago. Colonel Rhodes and I have had more time to deal with this, and the council. If something takes you off guard, we can take over.”
It turns out to be a lot easier to find the giant mass than Natasha had thought. Three truck stops later, she’d met a man that wrote for an online blog on different
what Stark told him. He
"I should think that finding a man whose mind is still in the midst of war should warrant a personal touch. Maybe some help, but, I'm not the failed Director of a clandestine agency so
Blend in. Can’t be caught. She watches as families eat together, as travelers sit and soothe the heat with some horchata and Pepsi. They call her order so she smiles at the middle aged woman sitting next to her. With a nod towards her bag, the woman smiles back. When Natasha gets up to retrieve her order, she’s mapping a three-am hike to the mound perhaps between a light pole and the corner store’s camera, if she calculated correctly there would be a two-foot blind spot. The front door opens with a light bell ring.
“We owe nothing to them,” Vision says, “and certainly not loyalty, where they have proven they do not deserve it. However, I do not take kindly to thinly veiled threats.”
“If he so much as walks in an unusual manner I will have him quarantined,” Jarvis pipes up, mock-serious and Steve laughs. Leave it to Tony to make an AI with a lot less Artificial-ness and a serious, morose sense of humor.
Loki whispers, gaze steady on Tony’s profile. “There is no stopping this. He’s been marked, he’s been chosen. Tony Stark knows what he has to do.” Loki tears his gaze away to look at Steve, an inkling of sympathy in those understanding green eyes.
“—you can’t possibly think you’re leaving me behind—”
“That’s an Accords issue, this is a United States Government issue. You see, the Raft was a SHIELD stronghold, and when SHIELD fell, it became property of the Department of Defense.” Ross places both hands flat on the table, staring gravely at Tony, then Vision. “Enemies of the State were kept in that prison; people with powers that have attacked innocent cities that were lost in the hub-bub of more global threats. I can tell you right now, Senator Kelly
later, there just had to be something there.
“What are you doing in here and--” Tony stumbles slightly, still dazed and slightly confused but his features sober up as he looks up from his awkward half-leaning half-stumbled pose against his workshop table. “—What are you watching.” He looks pale, out of it of sorts.
“I want them dead,” Amora chokes out, fingers brushing the cracked cube. “I want them
“Ironman, this isn’t really the right
Sam watches as Wanda retreats, keeping note of her uneven wobble He spares Steve a glance—the man hasn’t raised his head, the only reaction he’d shown so far that he is even listening is the growing tenseness of his shoulders as everyone continued to speak.
“Yessir.”
“The two crows are lost; the battle is won but at what cost? An eagle and a hawk, memories of the past.  If death is not certain then how long will it last?” The woman tilts her head and Tony can’t look at her, this ethereal being at the center of this strange illusion. The sky oozes crimson, dripping into the dead fields. The once pleasant wind stills and there is nothing but the soft, out of place sound of the woman’s voice and the bright shine of the apple in Tony’s hand.
he could salvage.
The long tresses of gold settle over smooth, unmarred shoulders and over the emerald green, leather straps and plates; the hard but malleable armor is skin-tight and weightless. The slim build gives no heed to the strength welded deep within the ethereal woman, though her thin waist and long legs give her figure an elegant essence. She's slightly battered, scratches running along her upper arm, and there's a bruise fitted nicely on her wrist.
"Is that all your Agent told you?" Pepper inquires. She seems less sardonic, more curious now. Fury shrugs.
She had been caught in the nightmares for as long as she’d been out of the Raft. Even then, even now, she could feel the fuzziness in her mind trying to reclaim her into fitful rest.
Rejection is a bitch.
--Steve Jobs
The electrocardiogram is almost muted in the rush of blood in Fury's ears. It seems slow but steady, producing a beat from small electrode attachments on Tony's body. He seems paler than before, and Fury can't help but compare the pale, clammy memory of the poisoned man with the image of him at ease on the gurney. Tony's chest is wrapped in a crisp bandage slightly rusted with blood over his clavicle. The machines around, Fury realizes, are keeping the man nourished and hydrated. He wonders how long Tony has been here, forced to live. Forced back into another medical emergency.
Only the scene doesn’t end there. Not when Tony’s body slumps forward, not when his eyes shut completely, not when Steve calls out his name to silence. It’s like he’s watching from the camera in the corner, an omniscient view of the going-ons without any more insight.
“God,
Steve swallows the knot in his throat.
“Sorry ‘bout that. Hardly any sleep and, you know,” Tony flapped his hand up and down, as if to say ‘
“Do you dream at night?”
It starts now, this bitter grudging camaraderie that is really, really much less than that, even. It's more like tolerating each other's presence for the sake of the team, for the Avengers because Steve is like a soldier mom: he helps make up the tactics, he takes care of the team, makes sure they're taken care of whereas Tony is like that groovy dad that helps you blow shit up, pulls you out of tight spaces, is always there (even when you don't need him, like he knows that something may go wrong) and still manages to seem aloof and unguarded, like he doesn't know he's doing it.
,” Rhodey says leaning back to rest the back of his head on the back cushions. “He’s gonna ask to do something and the absolutely best way to butter me up is by being respectful and pulling rank. What’s up, Viz?”
Steve falls hard on his knees, hood pooling behind his neck, emotionless, empty.
“You’re tilting at windmills,” Tony says with a shrug, sitting slightly forward, “but it’s quite a distance to travel, so why don’t you skip your posturing and get to your point. Assuming, of course, you have one.”
"Of course not. You never where."
Hope and her father. To find them across the city like this, three lots later, three
It’s maybe a day, maybe two hours; Tony can never keep track of time when he’s avoiding people, when he’s busy working on being an awesome genius that is totally not in love with his pseudo-leader-slash-best friend. So yes, a good amount of time must have gone by and it certainly wasn’t a few hours. Judging by the amount of people that have tried to come down and the three overrides he’s had to bark out before someone walked into his lab when he clearly doesn’t want any company, well, it’s pretty safe to say that Steve is still trying to get him to talk and has gained allies in his oh-so-
“Sure thing,” Natasha says with a smile as she hopes over the sidewalk. They raise their hands in goodbye and when Natasha looks at the bundle in her hand she snorts at the sight of her two bills folded together behind Aaron’s business card.
The next video—that’s what’s getting Steve’s muscles tense, his jaw clenching.
have, and then Stark and SHIELD just gouged away at him until he was left the, apparently, “unfriendly, cranky, asshole” of an old man he was now.
What does it matter if he was wrong, if it would always end with this?
“Lo and behold, all of our greatest technicians can find no calls made, no kind of message in their system. Nothing. It doesn’t even look like Scott Lang contacted them, either, after interrogating his ex-wife and daughter.”
here is going to catch us all up on the rundown since we’ve been in the Raft. Because, Steve, I get you, but we need to know what has happened with Barnes and we need more than just ‘Wakanda is off limits because T’Challa says so’ as a reason because we fought by your side to protect your friend and we want to know why he ain’t here anymore.”
Tony doesn’t need to turn to know Rhodey’s whipped his head to stare right at him.
It hurts much more than it probably should. Tony doesn’t respond, or maybe can’t, judging by the size of the stone that’s stuck in his throat. He would like to shout—boy, that’d make him feel better, or maybe just sulk but Tony Stark, Iron Man, billionaire-playboy philanthropist engineer does not sulk, contrary to popular belief. So, instead, Tony wills the knot in his throat to unwind, pushes his nails into his palms and watches Steve’s retreating back, waits for the faint echo of his boots on the linoleum to disappear completely and then rises to his own feet. There are notes and half-completed drawings of something that looks like the arc reactor but at a larger and less complex scale. There’s a hunk of metal, some adapter cables, a car battery (Tony’s gaze carefully avoids this object the rest of the observation) and some copper coils amidst the crumpled papers.
Tony smiles.
Like the past and the future in one. Tradition with technology. A balance.
and not a yelp or awkwardly flail his limbs during the fall. No one would think anything of it, anyway, with being a notorious non-morning person and more of a creature of insomnia.
Tony screams.
“Would you like to know the news?” Vision interrupts and Tony lets a soft chuckle escape before—uff, alright, yeah, that was the ache he was warned about.
Something at the back of her head. It sounded a little like Steve,
She’s standing there for a moment, gun smoking in her hand and in the next she’s falling, bleeding, side splitting open. She screams, something blood-curdling, something thirsty for vengeance, and fumbles about with a bloodied hand. Tony takes a deep breath, hobbles forward, ignores the sound of chains behind him, Steve shouting at him to stop.
of various machines in the numerous rooms. The tower is starting to feel like a home, except when devoid of Avengers, and the walls have started to adapt the smell of smoke and excitement; the kitchen, at the end of the hallway, is radiating the aroma of coffee and comfort and warmth.
Steve looks equally shattered and at peace. Like the words at the tip of his tongue are burning to be muttered but are impossible to articulate. His eyes slide close as his hands brush down from Tony’s shoulders to his collar bone, arc up to his neck and cradle the base of his skull. He’s moved in the process from sitting beside Tony to almost completely covering the unconscious man with his body and his head tips forward, the two resting forehead to forehead.
“This is me offering you the last part of myself that doesn’t belong to you already.”
you, that what you want the most belongs to me,” Loki grins, tongue pressing against his front teeth, head cocked slightly to the right, towards Thor. “And you will never gain it, and it will never be yours because
"This is the man that singlehandedly began to dismantle the groups Stane had been selling weapons to. The man that broke several laws to bring weapons with his name, his
“I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know. I--”
In all frank honesty, because he is
He wonders if that's all they see him as.
This dysfunctional hero-family is worth fighting for—worth
He’s too early for this shit. His tailbone is throbbing and his back is stiff and there’s this nagging at the back of Tony’s skull, like a warning or something he’s forgotten but he can’t be expected to think at all when Steve is flirting with him in his bed, half naked.
“King T’Challa,” Steve says as he catches up to the awed teammates gathered in front of the king, just outside of the landing ramp. “Thank you for receiving us, and for receiving me once more. It was quite our luck when you pinged us.” Steve dips his head once, respectfully.
“Tony,” Steve pants, feels Tony’s ass press down against him, the throbbing heat tense and relax. “Tony, turn on the lights, bring ‘em back on.”
The doors opened and--
By the time Steve is finished cleaning them both up, Tony’s shifted under the covers and his breaths have evened out. Suspecting the other to be asleep, Steve curls himself more firmly around the other, closes his eyes and whispers into the air.
“You think this is… withdraw?” Sam clarifies, although something in that makes sense it
illegally. Weapons manufacturing is a morally ambiguous market; a market that, Tony realized, did more harm than good. He checked himself, his own company, and took all those weapons out of everyone's hands.
absolutely and completely unnerved by the idea of
Beloved lady. Wife. To love.
mythology, to be frank,” Tony shrugs, leans forward, “this other world, though, Asgard, I have a battle buddy from there.” Tony grins as he props his head on his hand. “I think I’ll ask him. The Valkyrie, though, that’s an interesting point there. Swan-women that would take the souls of fallen warriors. Sveid was the Valkyrie associated with vibrations, so that’s the earthquakes,” Tony stops, thinks about the information given.
(See the end of the chapter for
century; the man that gave him a home when home was 70 years in the past; the man that infuriated him, challenged him. Tony was the man that was too familiar, a slice of the past dipped in gold and cherry-red; Tony was the past mixed with the present, like a strange mixture of Howard’s brains, Peggy’s resilience and bravery, Bucky’s self-sacrificing, martyr ways and just—
for a few days.”
another criminal themselves!”
And, yeah, maybe this has been the start of a few of Tony’s fantasies—heat-of-the-battle, amidst rubble, adrenaline pumping sex; Steve’s trying to
Tony snorts,
Sam bows, and T’Challa and his companion snort at. The others, too, look wryly at the man.
Fury takes a second to swallow the threat. Pepper Potts, although intimidating in her own right, is no assassin, as she had said. But there was something in her words, something tinged with a different flavor of manic, that made him hesitate.
“I never thought I could make it on time, though.” Frigga continues. “Amora’s intentions and all the omens I saw, they left me weak. I do heartily apologize for the worry I caused you when I would speak to Antony.” Frigga pauses, and continues, slightly bitter, “I knew he was the one, though, and I do not have any regrets. Quite the smart boy, I admit, and it pains me to admit that the visions I
“I had… family,” she said, voice pitched low, “in… New York.” He inhales sharply. “I’ve been roaming since, you know. No home, no family… I just like knowing what else is out there. In case I’m blind sighted again.” The best lie was always wrapped in truth.
“Lights, please?” Steve asks and, shit, he’s so breathless Tony wants to laugh, wants an award or something but then the lights are coming on.
"So you started with
“We both just care about your well-being, sir.” Jarvis pipes up and if he wasn’t a machine Tony would swear it was laughing at him.  “I will auto-program the armor to arrive straight to Stark Tower and lock it until another emergency is called in, sir.”
him, though, and half of the Avengers are here already, watching them or looking away. Tony realizes quite suddenly what’s going to happen, and in clear picture too.
“Looks like I caught a stray,” Amora teases, “oh, well. Maybe you can be a witness to my greatness; you can be in the front row of my spectacular show and,” her heel digs into Tony’s chest, forces him to turn over while simultaneously dislocating Tony’s wrist with the force of her shove, “Midgardian, it will be
is leave him alone.  See, there’s something that gets at him when villains have him kidnapped.  There’s another when he’s alone with his greatest and most vile foe, the one that knows all of his secrets, his regrets, all of the guilt that gnaws at the final remnants of his sanity.
"No...'thank you'?" Tony teases. "No, don't worry I fully understand." Tony Mock-pouts through the pain.
“Then you should also understand that I have less than no need for anything of Stark’s—”
“We were just planning on retiring for the night when the alert came through,” Nakia continues, “you all must be tired and in need of good food and good rest. Go, and tomorrow, we will speak on important manners.”
Tony doesn’t think he understands until it’s over, until he opens his eyes and—
Steve yelling at Tony for being stupid.
things so don’t give me your disapproving face, Peter or I will officially make all of the walls and appliances slick and smooth so you can’t power your way and you’ll have to be an Average Joe or eat shit everytime you try to climb a wall, I swear to god.”
“Alright, I’m heading down there to give him lunch”
“You’re not thinking about leaving me in there, are you?” Steve huffs, half-amused and half-serious.
getting sick, or else this was something much worse. He hadn’t felt this sort of… stuffiness in his brain since, since…
"I guess," Clint starts, and he averts his eyes as he continues, "I just wanted to see how you were holding up, after all that." Clint flaps his hand up and down, in the general direction they came from. Wanda’s smile becomes a little more real.
He was Tony. Beneath his armor he’s a billionaire, playboy philanthropist and beneath that he’s hard wires, long nights, gallons of coffee, secret whispers to DUM-E, loud music, greasy band shirts and his own strange brand of compassion-sympathy and humanity hidden beneath the nuts and bolts, hidden behind the white-blue glow of the arc reactor.
