Castiel nodded. Next to Gabriel, Balthazar was his favorite person. They pulled into the Dairy Queen and slowed to a stop. Castiel let out a few last panting gasps as he caught his breath and tried to stop his tears. He let out a little whimper when he saw that it was Michael pulling up next to them.
Castiel put his forehead to Benny’s. Dark blue eyes to crystalline blue eyes. They stayed that way for a moment as they caught their breaths. Castiel inhaled the scent between them and pressed his hand against Benny’s chest. He kept eye contact and just let his body flow to the steady rhythm of the heart beneath his palm. He closed his eyes and let his thoughts roam through the steps of his journey. He still had a way to go, but he was not going to spoil it thinking about Gabriel’s interruption. It was still a highlight of his life.
“I’m going to place your mail back on the table for you.” As Castiel gently took the mail from Dean’s grasp, he heard Dean’s breath rate increase again.  He hastily put the mail down, and saw in large red letters “Warning of Imminent Foreclosure“ stamped across the top of the letter that Dean had been holding when his panic attack began.
“Dad, can we go drive over that way to the other side, at the northwestern edge of town so I can take some pics?” Claire pulled her phone out of her pocket and began snapping photographs.
“No, Jack, you know I haven’t seen her since just after New Year’s Day, way before I moved out here,” Gabriel answered. “Maybe we are all going to be happily dating people for the first time ever.”
Claire just tilted her head at him, squinting, trying to figure out if that meant he was definitely, actually gay, and would be happy to date her father. Also, did that mean that Emma was gay and out to her father and family? She thought it did mean that. Claire wondered what would happen if she told her dad that she liked girls and not boys, like at all. Just as friends. Did he know already? She remembered that they were supposed to have a big family discussion tonight. She hoped it was what she thought it was.
“Ok, Mr. Winchester, the sedative I injected into your saline drip should begin to take effect shortly. I’ll leave you here to wait for the doctor’s return.” Ezekiel snugged the blankets around Dean’s chin and turned to head towards the door. Dean felt anxious and glanced over to the side of the bed where he had fallen and made such a mess. All he saw was a clean floor, a fresh pitcher of ice water on the overbed rolling table and the door as it clicked closed. Realizing that Ezekiel was not as mad as a hatter, he gave the nurse a respectful nod.
“Because I was thinking that you would make one of the best physicians ever. Everything you do, you do in quiet caring grace with everything that you are.”
Castiel bent to inspect the bit of Dean’s toes exposed at the front of the cast. There was slight swelling still but considerably less than when he was first brought in to the clinic, and less than yesterday.
“Yeah, the way you all are talking, I’m waiting for the lot of you, including you, Dean, to jump up and high-tail across town to see who gets him first. Should I set my timer?” Ellen laughed looking at her watch.
“OK, I’ll try to do better,” he spoke to the air vent face with its armrest tongue sticking out at him. “I will do better.” He grabbed a cookie from the box of pastries that Castiel had brought over and thought about a way to thank him. “I’ll focus on the good, starting with you, Mirry. I’ll try to do something good for the person who was kind enough to take care of you.”
After cleaning the tub and wiping down the floor, Castiel headed back to the kitchen and his dinner. He pulled a second chicken breast out for the dog. He really had nothing much else to offer the poor creature tonight. He grabbed a serving bowl and filled it with water. The dog greedily consumed several gulps.
a good day.” Gabriel leaned over to hug and kiss each of the children in turn, “you two have sweet dreams and no fighting at school tomorrow.”
Doctor Novak greeted the nurses and called an introductory meeting to familiarize himself with the staff and general procedures and systems. One of the nurses’ aides gave him a cursory tour of the facilities, which was hardly necessary since he’d seen much of it yesterday when he was pressed into work prematurely.  He was given a quick rundown of his appointments for the day and overnight patients stats. Just two overnight patients. One being monitored for a kidney stone passing which caused a minor infection and the other, the broken leg of Dean Winchester. He headed out to make rounds.
It was the morning of the twin’s eighth birthday, one of those beautiful May mornings where the sky is a vast cloudless swath of blue and sunshine. Lisa was prepping the newly completed farmhouse they’d labored over the past four years for the party. She’d been having dizzy spells and headaches off and on for the past month, but they’d put it down to overwork and late nights. They’d been trying to finish the last of the finish work and decorating in the farmhouse renovation, while also working at The Old Stone Barn.
“Hhhhh. OK. Family’s all here.” Castiel took a deep breath and came to sit with them, but found he was too nervous to sit. He stood back up and paced near the window.
The group of adults all exchanged phone numbers and contact information after the kids went off in their separate directions to work on Emma and Ben’s projects. Then, Castiel took his leave back to the hospital. Dean decided since he and Benny were already out, that they would just drive to Council Grove to open Lisa’s mysterious post box. He was glad he’d put the key on his key ring.
“A better doctor? I’m sorry, Mr. Winchester. There was not one indication in your files nor from you, your brother or your friends, that you either had an anxiety/panic disorder nor that you required or had a service animal.” Castiel was offended.
“He sure is.” Gabriel said, seeing the man he was looking for behind the wheel. The man behind the wheel stopped halfway in the street upon noticing Gabriel. They stared at each other for a few seconds until a car behind him honked. Gabriel watched forlornly as the car and the man drove away, while the other car jumped between them.
His phone began to ring. He ignored it only enough to debate using the lube or stopping before he squeezed any out. He leaned his forehead down on Benny’s back, and then growled in fury as he bent to dig his phone out of his pants pocket.
“I swear, one day, I’m not going to play those games with them anymore. I’m just going to do what I want to do and date who I want to date.”
“Look, this is nothing I don’t deal with on an almost daily basis. Red tape and power mad microdictators. We just need a little patience.” Sam began gathering the pertinent files from the stacks they’d laid out. He set others in a tall stack near the end of the bar.
“Nah, I just took some last night before I slept, to help with the soreness.” Dean wheeled away from the window and noticed the pile of mail on the table at his front door entryway. He wheeled over to pick it up.
“Yeah, I kinda noticed that, too. Maybe they’re just good friends, but they do seem a bit more than friends.” Kaia quietly agreed.
“Yeah, dad! And you should’ve seen Ms. Macleod!” Emma came closer and gave her dad a quick peck on the cheek. Dean held her face and saw a bruise forming blow her temple, along with some abrasions. “That’s from one girl’s ring. It doesn’t hurt. Anyway, Ms. Macleod and Ms. Katongo—Stevie, were just in the middle of it all of a sudden. Ms. Macleod grabbing three of us, Stevie grabbing a few others, stopping the fight almost completely by themselves, even before the school security or the deputies got here. They still had others fighting around us, I don’t even know why some of them were fighting.”
“Do you think it’s safe to copy this stuff in a Kinko’s?” Gabriel thought about all the mafia and spy movies he’d ever seen. They usually wore disguises and hid in empty warehouses.
Dean felt a sudden twinge in his gut. He didn’t know why, but it was there and though not painful, it was not a good feeling. He liked watching Castiel laugh, he only wished it was him who’d put the smile there or at the very least, that he was close enough to really hear it well and see the blue eyes twinkle with mirth. He found himself craning his neck to look around the other parents to catch a glimpse of the doctor. He became a bit frustrated when he could not catch sight of anything but his profile. He squeezed the armrest of his chair tightly, until Miracle standing and placing her head and paws on his leg brought him back to the moment.
“I’m glad to see you’ve taken my advice and are using the chair. It’s nice that you have a spacious great room to be able to get around easily.” Castiel said looking around.
“Hey, Boss. I'm going to head out for a bit. I finished pulling out all the items and decorations we’ll need for the month, I got the animals back in their stalls, all fed, stalls I took care of earlier. Glad the kids are back and can take over their chores again. Not that I mind doing it, but being as we’re shorthanded, it takes time out we’re already short on now.” He pulled out his radio and turned it off, picked up Dean's hanging by the cord from the side of the wheelchair and turned it off, too. “I’ll be back after I run my errands.” He leaned over and laid a kiss on the top of Dean’s head. “Don’t fret. I’ll be back soon and Sam’ll be here to help with the posse.”
John and Mary didn’t want to come. Mary had tried to convince him but John wouldn’t budge so she gave up and was watching from Heaven. She had a giant telescope she could look through.
“Several of those in attendance, male and female, as well as myself and Lee, were discussing your availability and prospects of getting a date with you.” Castiel smiled and bowed his head as he blushed. “Yes, Mon Ange, there was a heated debate over who would get a date with you first. This was not a competition, mind you. And me running into you in distress on the street was pure accident, or I’d like to think it was Providence.”
Everyone who was at Dean and Castiel’s wedding and Sam and Gabriel’s wedding were sitting in the chairs.
“I love their cute little faces and the wool is so soft!” Claire said as she pet the back of the one nearest her. “Look, Kaia. She really likes this.”
Castiel bent down to feel one pocket of Benny’s jeans, then the other, before he was able to pull the needed items out of the pocket. He tossed them on the desk.
“I just met Jack today, and he was not the one to put his hands on anyone first. I was right by him when it all happened. I think he was just overwhelmed by too many people being loud around him at once and calling him names. They shouldn’t have been saying the things they were, but Jack didn’t hit anyone because of their verbal aggression.” He sat back down and patted Jack on the arm.
“See, Dad? They're weird, too, just like us.” Jack’s head tilted with a huge grin lighting his eyes.
“I, Michael Novak, take Adam Milligan to be my wedded husband , to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, I pledge my faith and pledge myself to you.”
He went over to Michael’s car and hopped in the passenger side, while Gabriel pulled his car into the garage. By the time, they all rejoined each other outside on the front lawn, Gabriel and Anna noticed the visible change in Balthazar. His complexion had whitened, but his cheeks, chest and ear tips were rosy with anger. He had lit another cigarette and was angrily puffing on it. Michael had his hand on Balthazar’s shoulder trying to calm him. They went off across the lawn together.
“That’s the plan. Just please don’t tell anyone. I don’t want anyone to know. I haven’t worked everything out yet.”
“I knew they were strong, but that’s scary.” Jack declared. “I always thought they were just beautiful gentle giants. Like elephants or whales.”
“5. 4. 3. 2. 1! Here it comes!” Jack yelled as he flung himself and Claire backwards onto the large L- shaped sectional sofa. He pulled the throw blanket that had been resting along its back down over him and Claire as Castiel heard the room reverberate with an extensive and very loud fart.
“No, Dean is injured badly. His memory is fine but he didn’t pass the pupil test. We’re going to try to find another way out. The rocks are too heavy for anyone to move.”
“Are you sure you can handle my two in addition to yours? I mean, it won’t be too much for you in your current situation? I wouldn’t want you to be overdoing anything and thinking you should get up and attempt to walk around on your crutches.” Castiel asked in concern. “My two can be quite the handful.”
Earlier that day Castiel had invited Gabriel to the family meeting, to back him up and offer emotional support, but had called it off after the events of the day. Yet, even after Claire and Jack would not let him cancel the family meeting, Castiel told Gabriel he could handle it on his own. As they were leaving Dean’s, after he had gotten Claire and Jack settled in the car, Castiel quickly relayed to Gabriel the story of Jack’s revelation and upcoming date.
“Well, you know, I just want to make sure they make it home safely, if it’s those kids' first time driving on public roads.”
Benny had entered the hospital just as Castiel was walking away from the nurses station. Castiel smiled and went to greet him. He reached out tentatively for Benny’s hand. He wanted to show affection, but wasn’t sure whether Benny was okay with it or not. He had thought about what Gabriel had said about how he wanted to live his life, and he’d decided on “openly.” To live fully and happily as any other person would. He still planned on having his talk with the children tonight; he didn’t want to put it off. From his short talk with Claire, he felt encouraged that his news would be met with warm approval.
Chuck grabbed the thick, heavy overstuffed accordion file and slowly fingered his way through the files. When it began to dawn on him what he was looking at, he slowly backed up and sat in one of the chairs at the front of his desk. He began pulling the separate Manila folders out and to really understand what he was seeing.
“I see. Well,” he leaned in, “between us, I believe what your two have said, and it corroborates what Deputy Barker’s son and a few others have said as well, but I don’t want to color their story to you, so I’ll let you both head in.”
“No! You don’t get to ‘explain’ anything anymore. You don’t get to make decisions for any of us anymore.” Michael pulled out a business card that Balthazar had given him. “I’ve already retained a lawyer and if he doesn’t hear from me within an hour, he begins the legal process to freeze any maneuverings against us whatsoever. So, if you don’t want the ball rolling towards publicity, arrests, confiscation of bank accounts and assets, and most of all, incarceration, you’ll keep your mouth closed and let me finish before my time is up.”
Michael locked the door behind them, pulled off his shirt, and went into his bathroom to wash off the blood and tears, calling for Gabriel to join him in doing the same.
Dean pulled his shirt over his crotch some more, then put his hands on the armrests and then folded them over his chest.
Dean had been planning this for months. Ever since Castiel got back from the empty, he had been planning to ask Cas to marry him. Hell, even way before that. He had originally gotten the ring for Lisa but then everything happened and she didn’t remember him anymore. Cas messed up a bit because Lisa doesn’t remember him but she also doesn’t know Ben. Granted, Ben doesn’t know her either and Gabriel had helped erase the memory of Ben of anyone who knew him except for Dean, Cas, Sam and the others. All Ben knows is them. His family.
“Alright. Well… you’ll just have to stay awake for now until we can get some help. Talk to me, it can help.”
Benny caught Cas watching him. Castiel did not need Benny to speak the words. He knew what they were. He simply answered the unspoken question.
There were few restrictions set on how he renovated the interior, because it’d been changed so many times throughout its history. The major stipulation was that the outside and structural outer walls, windows and door openings remain unchanged. Porch, patio, carport coverings or garages must not be attached to or change the existing exterior surface of the structure. Dean had little work to do inside to change it from the special events facility into a livable residential home. It was already outfitted with a spacious kitchen, fireplace, two downstairs restrooms and two upstairs as well. The upstairs also had four other rooms that were easily reconfigured to three bedrooms with closets, one a master bedroom with an attached bath.
“Yes, Emma Winchester.” Rowena gestured to Emma and Claire quickly turned to look at her. She saw her putting her hand down. Claire immediately put her arm up, clearly agitated.
Dean thought, ‘Yeah, Doc. I’ve got this raging boner going on in my pants under this box. These drawstring pants are Sam’s and real loose to accommodate one of those long, slender-fingered hands of yours. I could definitely use the help of wrapping my arms around those massive thighs you got there and see if anything else in those tight jeans matches in corresponding girth and length.’ But he realized that would not be a socially acceptable response.
“Ah, just the two I wanted to see,“ she declared, noticing Ben and Emma lurking near the door. “Would you all please follow me into my office?”
The fall and broken leg, which created a bit of panic amongst his friends who just wanted to get him to the doctor, were both done and over with. Well, to the extent that he knew he was mostly ok. They were nothing he could change. Three was no reason to blame the guys for leaving Miracle behind when he didn’t come when called. They saw Miracle’s tracks had gone off towards the fence line and into the hedgerows that formerly separated the two farms.  They saw the paw prints exit the other side and zigzag back and forth like Miracle was chasing something. She was OK, just off being a dog. He didn’t have to panic.  He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“I think we’re set here, now. Did you check to make sure you didn’t leave anything in or around the copy machine?”  Michael said as he scanned the are around the computer he’d been using.
“C’mon, Castiel, you knew this was coming. You can't think that after what? three years, that you going on a date is not big news.” Anna protested.
“Well… time to go inside.” Dean said and they went inside. It was dark of course. They all grabbed torches and started their walk. About an hour in, they came to a fork in the path. There were three different ways they could go.
Yet, there was something else Sam noticed, too, but couldn’t put his finger on. Several times Benny would defer and point for Castiel to look to Dean for more of the story. And then Benny would sit back and watch, with a wistful, almost sad look on his face as he watched Castiel. Castiel would lean forward and pay rapt attention to Dean, then suddenly seem to remember himself and look back to Benny. Sam noticed Castiel furtively place a hand on Benny’s leg a few times.
“Good morning, Mr. Winchester, I hope this day has you feeling a bit better since you’ve been home?” He stopped short of the threshold.
He just had a couple week’s worth of work left, before the new doctor would be moving in, when the town’s only doctor was killed in a head on collision with a semi truck while he was driving between Cottonwood Falls and the neighboring town’s clinic. The timeline was changed and Dean had to complete it before the end of the week, so he, Lee and Benny had been working double time to get it done, on top of Dean’s previous week-on at the firehouse. He had worked himself to exhaustion and was warned that he needed to take a break. Well, here he was. Not the kind of break he needed.
“Yes. Focus on the breaths. That’s all you need to think about right now. Breathe. Yes. Feel your lungs fill with the air. “ The nurse kept pulsing his palm on his patient’s chest, encouraging his breath to deepen and slow.
“Alright, gang. New plans on our side, but the pizza party at my place still stands and so does the offer for kids to stay until parents get off of work.”
“Uh? No, I’m sorry. I don’t know anything about anything concerning their driving permits. No. Your children were involved in a rather large fight that we had here at the school over the lunch recess. We have suspended for the rest of the day quite a few students, including your two, who were two of the key players in the scuffle.” He could hear the cacophony in the background taking place in the office most likely connected with whatever had occurred.
Gabriel never knew Michael to be afraid of anything, but for a split second, he thought he saw fear in his brother’s eyes.
“Oh, my dear, don’t fret. We, your father and I, have consulted with one of the best adolescent psychiatrists in the Midwest. We’ve lined up a spot for her at an exclusive psychiatric hospital. Fortunately, we were able to get them to bypass the waiting list via a substantial donation to their indigent patient fund.” Naomi shook her head and had the audacity to have tears run down her cheeks. She put her hand to her forehead as she looked down. “I know, I just can’t believe she’s gotten so bad so quickly that it’s come to this, but hopefully, with quick intervention, she’ll be back to normal in no time.”
“So, I have to confess: I’m a confectionery addict with an extra-sweet sweet tooth. And I may have a bit of a,” Gabriel leaned close to Dean’s ear and whispered, “sex addiction and my practical side tries to mix my two addictions into a profitable money making endeavor.”
Dean said nothing, but nodded and kept playing as Benny went inside to put the radios away and wash up. Benny had called in a to-go order to Kellum’s Feed & Wine Company earlier and just needed to drive to town and pick it up before heading over to the hospital. He’d already called Castiel to let him know he’d be there soon.
“I’m so sorry. I’ll hang them up right away. If I had known, I would never have thrown mine there. Claire! Come pick yours up! Dad wouldn’t like it if we upset Mr. Winchester any further. We’re his guests. Plus we don’t want to make him mad for REASONS, remember?”
“You’re wrong there. I’m better with the makeup than he is, I just cried mine off earlier.” Gabriel held his head up proudly.
He had tried to get home early enough yesterday to pick her up and bring her to the vet to check for a chip, but was later than he wanted to be leaving the clinic. He checked the vet’s Saturday office hours and found the mornings were reserved for farm calls, surgeries and emergencies. They could fit him in for the chip reading later that morning closer to noon. The office had three veterinarians. Castiel snorted thinking about a town that had three vets, and no doctors for the humans.
Dean’s fork slid off of the plate in his lap and clattered against the wheelchair on its way to the floor, bringing both men out of their reverie.
neighbors.” Dean grinned. “It may take almost ten minutes to get here by the highway, but if you take that driveway around towards the garage and follow it out onto the gravel road, you’ll find yourself right at home in about three and a half minutes, five minutes by bicycle. Anytime you want, feel free to use that road.”
“Oh, I was speeding? I didn’t realize.” Gabriel glanced at the speedometer quickly as he slowed down. He avoided her gaze as he turned left onto Friend Street.
The rest of the story went pretty much as the students present in the cafeteria and the other non-primary player students had said. The main dispute was the landing of the first blow as well as why physical blows began in the first place.
Before Gabriel could protest, Michael got out of the car and headed across the parking lot before veering off towards the payphones lining the side of the bus terminal’s main entrance. Gabriel just stood by the car watching him. He took a deep breath, locked and closed the door, and walked directly toward the side door of the bus terminal.
The other three led Castiel to Dean’s room. Castiel pulled back the curtain and there he lay with wires connected to him. His eyes were closed. His breathing was steady. He was asleep, Castiel concluded.
Gabriel reared his fist back to hit his brother again, but Anna stopped him, wailing through her tears.
Castiel Novak sighed. The moving truck should have been here an hour ago. Castiel, Claire and Jack had just moved into the neighborhood that day. He bought the house next door to the Winchesters unbeknownst to him.
“Hi, I’m Dean Winchester,” his eyes brightened dramatically as he gave the girl a warm smile, “Emma and Ben’s father. And you are more than welcome in our home, any time, day or night, on good days or bad days. Always know that our doors will be open for you.”
“Uncle Gabe won’t be home, though.” Castiel repeated. “and the Sweet Spot is closed today, so Samandriel isn’t there either.”
“I don’t have that much more to say. She pretty much said it all.” Claire flipped her thumb towards Emma. “They were calling my brother names, that first started out as silly, what some people would call ‘good-natured ribbing,’ but I still think is mean for certain people who have a hard time with criticism and understanding ’joking,’ like Jack sometimes.” She made finger quotes a few times and felt her eyes filling with tears. “But then, the more anxious and upset he got, the worse the name-calling and cursing became. It made him upset and they could see it and wouldn’t stop. So after Jack accidentally elbowed that kid, Eliot or whatever, and then the other ones jumped Jack, well,” she looked down to stop the tears and anger from rushing forth, “well, I just was there to protect him from what they started. He’s my brother. Of course, I’m going to look out for him.”
“Brotha, they wouldn’t have had you come to school if they’d carted one of the kids off in an ambulance.”
“PLEASE, Mr. Winchester! You’ve got to stop with this reckless behavior! I’ve honestly never seen a patient as accident-prone. Do you always make such rash decisions heedless of the jeopardy you place yourself in?!” Castiel admonished sharply as he finished shifting Dean back against the pillows.
“Jack! Come back here!” Castiel called. “I said no such thing. We haven’t had our discussion yet and I also would have to speak to Benny, uh, Mr. Lafitte, about it as well.” Castiel felt sad having to dampen his son's enthusiasm.
Benny definitely seemed to be a take charge type of man. He laughed remembering how Benny had called him a “damsel in distress.” Other than his brothers, or his cousin Balthazar, when he was sad, physically hurt or in mourning, he’d never had a man touch him in such a caring and tender way as Benny did cleaning the blood from his face. And his only physical sexual experience with a man was with André. He often thought of André, and masturbated to his limited experience with him, when there was still the possibility of something between them, but after everything changed, whatever switch that had shut off in his mind, he’d never thought of him again in his fantasies. He used the experience, sensations and feelings as a cornerstone of the fantasies, but they did not include André’s face.
Castiel instructed the nurse to ready another sedative as they continued trying to get Dean to calm down.
And they did. Adam kissed Michael. Michael kissed back. They were both so happy. Everyone cheered. Michael picked up Adam in bridal style and started to walk down the aisle.
“Then spill, because at this point, I don’t like leaving Anna alone at home with Mom and Dad, and I’m terrified for our baby brother.”
“Great!” She gave him a quick peck on the cheek and ran the rest of the way to the car. “C’mon, let's hurry. I want to get there before this light changes more.”
After the boys were settled in the backseat, Gabriel was disappointed to find out that the black charger with Sam Winchester in it, had already passed. He just shook his head. It was like a pattern from hell. Was he ever going to actually be able to meet the man? He hoped he would when they got to the farm.
“You go ahead and drive, Deputy Novak. Give you a chance to get used to where the worst potholes are.” She laughed. “We don’t really have too many in town or on the county roads, but there are quite a few on the town's roads further out. I usually go by the school in the morning, make a few passes. Makes the officer on duty feel safer, and let’s the kids and anyone else know we’re watching.”
“Ooh, Cher! It must not be good if I got the two of you calling me godfather.” He pulled them into a comforting embrace. “Who are you taking up for now, mon petit féroce?” Benny asked Emma, knowing it was usually her in the forefront of such incidents.
“But I am rather relieved that you haven’t said anything to him. It actually suits my situation of having not discussed this with the children yet.” Castiel nodded happily and ran his hands over his hair. “I hadn’t even thought about the possibility that the topic may have been brought up in front of the children. I am keen to keep up your subterfuge, at least for the evening or until such time as I have had a chance to speak to my children about my decision.”
“‘Night Cas,” Dean watched Castiel turn around and stare at him, head tilted to one side. He raised a hand in salute by way of good night and turned to go in, box rocking in his lap on his erect cock. He rolled to the coffee table to set the box down. He knew what it was and would look at them later. Right now he was going to get a stiff drink to go with his still-stiff cock. He looked down at it and slapped it.
Ben was holding Emma’s hair up, looking at a minor abrasion on the side of her temple when Dean, Miracle and Benny entered. Miracle immediately jumped down and ran to the children who both bent down to greet and pet her. Benny closed the door behind them.
“Alright. Ben, Emma, pick a table and take out your laptops so you can get ready for school. Your uncles and I will finish setting up the shop.”
“C’mon in! It’s Grand Central Station here today!” Dean boomed sarcastically, hand waving. “I just have a broken leg. That doesn’t mean I need babysitters all day.”
“I was injured Sam, remember?” Dean said and pulled up his pants leg to remind Sam of his prosthetic leg.
“Deputy Novak, I think I’ll run my son, Clark, home while you and your family check out your niece and nephew. Unless you don’t feel the need to stay, then we can just head out together.” Deputy Barker asked.
Castiel stood for a moment, watching, then turned and left. He drove back home to pick up Claire and Jack for a day on their new town.
“Well, going by how he stared at you this morning when he pulled out of the parking lot, I’d say he’s interested as well.”
Castiel squinted and frowned as he angled his head at the use of the word “brother.” How many brothers did Mr. Winchester have?
Benny smiled back and reached out his hand for Castiel’s. His heart almost melted at the beaming adoration and relief he saw in Castiel’s eyes.
“Claire! Kaia! C’mon, let’s go see my brother’s sheep.” Emma said as the others head to the garage, then called, “Are you coming Uncle Benny?”
Zeke’s hands were washing Dean intimately now and Dean turned to look at the mess on the floor. He could feel the panic arising again, but Ezekiel matter-of-factly asked him to lean left, then right. He rinsed the washcloth as he explained that next he was going to wash the length of Dean’s legs. As he scrubbed Dean’s legs, the nurse explained how next, he’d have Dean roll to one side, while he washed his backside and legs, then do the same on the other side. The entire time Ezekiel washed Dean, he spoke about what to expect next. In no time, Dean found that he was clean, dry, re-gowned, and had been made as comfortable as possible and all without feeling any further embarrassment. His temperature had been taken and blood pressure checked. He laid back and took deep, easy breaths.
“It’s true,” he said as he sat on the edge of the large kitchen table and folded his arms. “Your mother and I have been worried about her for sometime now. She’s been anxious, morose and tearful, not unusual in a teenager, but we’ve spoken with her doctor in private about it and he just told us we needed to watch her. He was concerned with what we told him, but also with some things she had said to him during her last check up.” He shook his head sadly and looked off into space with tears in his eyes.
He wasn’t sure if dogs ate spinach, or any vegetables or plant products for that matter, but Little Missy went to town gobbling it down. He suspected the ham and eggs pulled her in and the spinach was just an unfortunate flavor she had to endure to finish the meal when he saw that she finished it all, but there were pieces of spinach left by the wayside.
“Yeah, Mom. Let your only child have companionship instead of sitting home alone where I might find myself bored and getting into trouble alone.” Clark chimed in.
“Look, don’t strain yourself, man. If you’ve got plans, you got plans. Don’t break them on my account.” Dean retorted sullenly.
Gabriel took a left to pass the parking area. He surveyed the parking lot and saw a very tall sandy brown head with a luxurious mane. He craned his neck to get a better look. He was with a boy and girl by an old pickup truck, trying to help the boy back out of a parking spot. The man glanced up for a split second and saw Gabriel. He did a double take and watched a little bit too long and the boy bumped another vehicle. The man turned his attention back to the boy. An empty bus drove between them and Gabriel lost sight of him.
“That entire section in the back there, where my office and the rec room is, was actually the farmhouse that was on the land with the barn where you live now.” Dean looked around. “When we bought that property, we moved that smaller house to add on here.”
Castiel nodded and walked around to admire the work done, as Dean explained where old walls were removed and the house’s former room footprint.
“No, Dean, it’s not funny. Really, I keep seeing him. I mean he’s not what I’d normally say was my type, but I can’t stop thinking about him and the instant I do, there he is again. And he’s got these eyes…” Sam was holding his hands up in front of his face, but still looking utterly confused.
Even though he was very busy with work, he always made time for his kids. He would never be like his own father who constantly had nannies taking care of him and his siblings all of the time. He can’t remember the last time that his father actually spent time with him, his siblings or even Claire and Jack for that matter.
“Thank you so much for that, Jack. It’s a rare human that is strong enough, moral enough, and willing to take on the burden of claiming blame to protect others from punishment or consequences. We commend you for that, but just because an accident occurred because someone did not understand you or got too close when already doing wrong, it does not mean you should take the blame. Still, your family must be very proud of the extraordinary person that you are. Compassion and understanding can go a long way to helping better our world. I hope everyone here takes this student’s magnanimity to heart and goes home thinking of ways to be better.”
“One last thing. Your kids? They’re legally yours. Biologically. Not adopted. Well maybe except BobbyJohn but he’s still yours.”
Dean and Castiel sat at their table. They happily watched as everyone danced and ate and enjoyed each other’s company. This was truly the best night of their lives.
She lifted the end counter where it was hinged for a pass-through, waiting for the twins, and their father and uncle to join them.
It was the most fun they’ve ever had. Adam taught Michael how to dance in a conga line. They ate food and drank. They had a lot of fun. They were just happy to be together and they would be, forever.
“This afternoon or evening, I'm going to have the physical therapist show you how to use the crutches properly for your type of injury in the long cast. Eventually , after your approximate six weeks in the long cast, I will switch you over to a soft boot walkable cast. That will need to be worn for a minimum of three weeks, but possibly up to six weeks, depending on how well you adhere to my instructions and how your bones are coming along. This soft boot will be used along with crutches. There is also the option, which many prefer nowadays, of using a knee scooter instead or in conjunction with crutches. For now I’ll give you a prescription for Tylenol. Some people don’t need that and an OTC version is fine. But bone healing pain and duration varies in everyone. Do what’s right for you. Please” Castiel gave Dean a gentle friendly pat.
Adam nodded and took a deep breath. “I, Adam Milligan, take Gabriel Novak to be my wedded husband , to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, I pledge my faith and pledge myself to you.”
“I, Castiel Novak, take Dean Winchester to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, I pledge my faith and pledge myself to you.”
The nurse had been giving soft pulses with the hand splayed over his bare chest. Dean could feel that his heart rate had slowed and seemed to be working to match the slow steady rhythm of the hand pulsing on his chest. He took a few more breaths and stole a still embarrassed, yet amazed, glance at the nurse.
Castiel Novak loved his work. He really enjoyed meeting and helping people. He just was in an awful mood because this was not the venue of his choosing. He tried to clear the grumpiness out of his head as he drove to the clinic. He missed the twins, even though it’d only been one day since he’d seen them. He really needed to get them settled, find things for them to do, find out more about school and get them comfortable in their new home. He really wanted them to be happy and needed to change his own attitude starting right now, before they sensed how he felt and ruin any excitement they had over moving to the country.
“Now that I’ve met you, I wouldn’t choose any other place except for next to my partner, however temporary that maybe.”
Dean stared through the doctor with eyes unfocused. He really didn’t need to hear all this, he just needed to get back home to his babies and get some work done. Harvest would be here soon enough and he had a multitude of projects to accomplish between now and then.
Dean shook his head and went over to his brother. “Remember what you told me before I asked Cas? You’ll be fine Adam. He’s going to say yes. Just go for it.”
“Yes, Jack, it definitely fits in the definition of family discussion, as does anything you may want to talk about.”
“Hello, again, Gabriel. Or should I call you Deputy Novak while you’re on the job?” He shook the officer’s hand.
After the movie, it was time for baths and bed. When the kids were tucked in bed, Castiel took his own shower. As expected, when he told the kids about the news, they were very enthusiastically excited but he made them promise him that they wouldn’t tell anyone or else they would get in big trouble if someone found out their family secret.
“Hi, you’re Deputy Novak, I assume?” The tall dark haired woman put out her hand. “I’m Deputy Barker. Christine Barker, but you can call me Chris.”
“Come here, chérie, and let me see those blue eyes.”  Benny put a hand around Castiel’s neck and pulled him in for a kiss through both of their smiles. “Mon ange aux yeux bleus.”
It was happening again. He was having another flashback. Everything felt wrong. He was hot. He was cold. His whole body was tingling. He needed to call Sam. Where are the kids? That was his last thought before he passed out on the floor. Dean didn’t hear his daughter scream as she begged her brother to call 911. He didn’t hear Sam show up at the same time as the ambulance nor did he hear him explaining to the paramedics that Dean was a retired veteran and he had regular PTSD flashbacks.
He pinched and twirled the hard nubs of his own nipples as he envisioned having them sucked and bitten while someone lightly swirled their tongue around it. He thought of the feel of lips on his dick and the feel of being sucked off to the edge of orgasm, but not being allowed the follow through. And suddenly, his imagination gave him a masculine arm around him, rolling him backwards into their arms. He could almost feel an erect cock pressing against his backside as he took a deep breath, thinking about being taken from behind and not see who it was in a sea of bodies pleasuring each other. He felt the hot, hard length of it slide into the cleft of his buttocks. He squeezed the top of his dick and began to rub his thumb over the head in tantalizing circles, spreading the slick pre-cum before it became sticky. He felt his chin and throat grasped by strong hands with long, slender fingers, pulling his head back against rough stubble.  A now familiar gruff voice whispered, “I’m going to fuck you now, Mr. Winchester.”
Fine! He’d keep his eyes closed until he woke up a little bit more. It’s not the first morning of his life he’d been so drunk that he had these issues. He couldn’t remember the amount of times he had to find his way around his home drunk and in the dark. All he knew was that he had to piss like a racehorse and needed the bathroom NOW! His leg felt heavy and seemed to be stuck in the blankets or on the footboard. Eyes closed, he sat up and extracted his leg from the covers or whatever. He didn’t care. He must’ve fallen asleep with his leg on the footboard tangled in covers and stayed that way all night because it felt like his leg was asleep and had been bent at an odd angle all night.
He felt Benny’s hands begin to roam down to the front of his shirt and pull the tails from his slacks. Castiel’s hands eventually found the belt buckle of Benny’s jeans and set to work it open. Benny began the task of unbuttoning the many buttons on Cas’ shirt with one hand, while his other traced a path to his flesh underneath it from the back. He only slightly hesitated when his fingertips first came into contact with the raised outline of his wings. He ran feathery light trails over the ridges and valleys of the wings, finally wrapping his arms completely around Castiel and pulling him closer while once again claiming Castiel’s full lips between his own.
“Hey, Ben, I make wool felted animals and paintings. I wonder if their wool is good for that?” Claire changed the subject and inspected the sheep’s wool more closely.
“Uh, Nurse Ezekiel, here will help get you settled back in bed, cleaned up and change your clothing. I was planning on releasing you this morning, but since your recent mishap, I’ll be keeping you for observation and a re-examination until at least late afternoon to early this evening. You really seem to have a problem staying upright and on your feet, Mr. Winchester,” Cas said in what he thought was a good-natured, bedside jesting tone as he winked at his patient.
Roy and Walt worked there too. They were good most of the time at working but Bobby had got them to stop bothering Dean and Miracle. One time, they purposely tripped Dean and he fell. He couldn’t get back up. Miracle had gone insane and she was literally pulling on Bobby’s shirt just to get him to help Dean.
Though he still felt like the dark, rainy morning, he resolved to be positive and felt better as he pulled into the clinic parking lot just as the rising sun began peeking through the parting clouds. He smiled, feeling that it was a good sign.
Dean hung up the phone. He needed a drink. Sam went from incredulous to angry, to angry with Dean, to apologetic and back to angry again when Dean told him about the foreclosure. In the end, he reassured Dean that he would help him get to the bottom of it. The conversation ended with Sam vowing that somehow they would come up with the funds to help Dean save the farm.
“Well, if you were a better doctor who didn’t ban Service Animals from patients, then you could’ve brought her with you to get her to me at the hospital!” Dean raised his voice, agitated.
Michael eventually was able to lay out his demands: joint custody of Castiel between he and Balthazar, full and complete emancipation of Gabriel and Anna, they would still support their children in every way a parent would, one hundred percent, including full coverage health insurance, recreational funds, emergencies and incidentals. No revocation of trust funds, full grade school through college tuition, buying both Castiel and Anna their first vehicles just as they did for their other children, and never again trying to claim mental health issues against any of their children.
“I’ll be here first thing tomorrow at 6am to follow them to morning detention slash makeup work. Make sure they’re ready, because I have court and I can’t be late.” Sam said his goodbyes and went out to his car. He thought more about why the doctor would not be out, but his brothers would. You could never know why about things like that, but he was glad to have it pretty much confirmed that Deputy Novak was interested in him, if only they could ever meet. He turned his car onto the road pointing towards town. When he finally reached the stop sign before turning onto the county road, there were two vehicles coming from the opposite direction: one was Deputy Barker in her cruiser, the other appeared to be Deputy Novak in a pick up truck following her to his brother’s house. Sam just waved and shook his head. He wasn’t ever going to meet Gabriel at this rate.
The kids picked their own table that was reserved for employees only. It was quiet and private and it worked perfectly. Having the kids work there would give them a sense of individuality and purpose.
“Me! I called it!” Claire declared. “Remember, I said we’d learn bad things ‘on the mean streets of Cottonwood Falls’? I told you we would, but you all thought I was just joking.” She hunched her shoulders and shook her head. “Now look at us, practically criminals.”
“But, um, I noticed this package in your mailbox as we were turning in. I stopped to pick it up for you knowing it was not likely you’d have been able to get out there to retrieve it yourself.” Castiel said, offering the box to Dean. “There did not seem to be any other mail or packages, besides this one.”
“I swear, the last few days, I keep running into this guy. Like everywhere I go, every time I turn around, there he is, but never close enough to actually meet.” He looked up and scratched his head. “I mean literally everywhere. I even saw him earlier at the courthouse.” He turned back to look towards the road again and gestured. “I saw him at the school this morning and now here he is. Who the hell is he? I thought he worked at that new adult bakery, The Sweet Spot, but today I see him in a uniform and driving around in a Chase County Sheriff’s Office vehicle. I’m so confused.”
Well, apparently whoever had owned the dog before raised a well-mannered and happy animal. Castiel was able to make quick work of the bath, quickly pulling the shower curtain closed when the dog began to shake the water off in the end.
“Ah, now I get the— name of the Pop your Virgin Cherry cream.” Dean was definitely struggling to stay awake now, fighting against the sedative.
Castiel was hoping his change of subject would suffice, but Jack was always an astute and caring person. He might be distracted once in a while, but he rarely forgot anything.
“Shut up, Sam. I’ve got a lot going on. I deserve a drink.” He poured himself a second and put the bottle away. “Besides, I don’t plan on downing the entire contents. The kids will be home later.”
Miracle started barking again when she saw the kids. Dean looked around Castiel, catching the light scent of his thirst-inducing cologne drifting on the breeze.
“Michael, I hate to say this, but I think we need to go to a makeup store. We shouldn’t let the parental units know we fought, because it’ll be suspicious, but mostly, our baby brother doesn’t need to know we were fighting at all.”
The three men gathered round the island while Castiel looked over the food deciding what to eat, when his phone rang. It was Gabriel calling to say he and Deputy Barker would be a little later than they thought they would be. They were at a domestic situation in Clements, in west Chase County, which wasn’t too far away, but they still had to travel back to the Sheriff’s Office and jail before being able to make it to Dean’s.
Jack let out an “oof!” as the dog landed on his stomach. He pulled the blanket up where he felt her snoot. Immediately, the dog moaned, picked up her head barking and began rubbing her nose with her paw.
“I guess I need to get these two home now.” Castiel gave a quick glance over his shoulder to Jack and Claire.
Once everyone was together, Dean explained what Principal Macleod had said. It was decided that the group of kids would stay and try to help Emma and Ben with their projects. Later in the afternoon when the school closed, they would ride back to Dean’s in the truck, making sure to call just as they were leaving. They were to leave in time to be home before five o’clock that evening. Dean informed them that his brother Sam would most likely be able to follow the kids in the truck home.
Amara didn’t know why Meg was here but she didn’t question it. It wasn’t like it was any of her business anyway.
“Undoubtedly you all have better knowledge about what your parents would do than I, but from what I’m hearing, I concur. No trust in them whatsoever. I’m in for whatever the plan is. If needs be, I shall take on the full parental rights and responsibilities myself. I would even take a traditional wife. As a matter of fact, I could be married within the week. Just give me a heads up.”
“If I didn’t have to go in and be social or get my children home to have a talk with them over my choice to live the way I should have been living years ago, I’d be doing ungodly things to you right now,” Castiel’s voice rumbled along Benny’s throat, “but this will have to tide us over for tonight.”
”No, she’s not mine. I’m terribly sorry. I wasn’t aware that pets were not allowed.” Castiel couldn’t believe that after the congenial visit they had, that he managed once again to bring out the petulant side of Dean Winchester. “She showed up at my home the night I got into town. I—”
“You both need to get in here right now!” Michael could not keep the utter disgust out of his voice.
“Now I’m even more concerned.” Sam came forward. “What other thing? Dean what else has happened? If something else is going on that I need to know about, you need to come clean and tell me.”
“I saw the way Mr. Lafitte was flirting with dad, touching his face softly when he had a nosebleed by the museum, asking him to go out together three times, touching his hand and winking at the restaurant.” She turned quickly. “I might only be thirteen and a half, but I know when two people like each other and they do.”
As Ezekiel sensed Dean relax, he spoke softly, “I was going to say it is part of my job, but more than that, it is part of humanity to ensure dignity for everyone, whether it is part of my job or not. And I’d say, ‘think nothing of it’, but I’d rather all men, all people thought of it, and returned the favor to everyone they meet who may or may not be struggling. We never know what another’s personal struggles are, and compassion, dignity, and humanity can be a rare and precious thing to one who is struggling.”
“If he does, then why are Uncle Benny, Uncle Lee and Pamela still like family to my dad and us? If he did that to them, why would they still be around?” Ben asked.
“So, I hear you’re getting into the animal husbandry game, too, Cas?” Dean greeted Castiel. “And Jack says ‘Uncle Benny’ here is going to help?”
“Oh, Sammy. Slow down. Enjoy the evening with family for once. Besides, remember I told you Cas’ brother, Gabriel said he’d be stopping by with Deputy Barker to pick up Clark. You can finally meet your mystery man.”
Then Dean noticed Dr. NoWay just inside the door, watching very intently, head tilted to the side, like he was trying to solve a difficult math problem. Dean unintentionally mirrored Castiel’s head tilt, and just returned his gaze, curious. Finally, Dean raised his hand to his temple in salute, as a way of saying ‘goodbye and thanks.’
“Well, don’t stop now. You’re here and halfway up. C’mon! You can do it. Just a few more steps.” Dean began slowly backing himself up to make room for the doctor to enter.
Benny laughed to himself as he pulled into a parking space in front of Kellum’s. As a child, his family, especially his grandmother, often called him “mon doudou petit mère poulet,” meaning something like “my sweet little mother hen.” He always seemed to have a need to take care of others. He didn’t know any other way to be. It was something he and Dean had in common, but he went about it in a quiet, unassuming way, while Dean was fierce, angry, and often loud about it.
Claire pulled out her phone. She was going to call her dad to see how long he was going to be. She wanted him to get there so Mr. Lafitte would not forget about him.
They grasped Dean beneath the arms and began to lift him up. It took a lot of struggling and trying to get their calming words to sink in over Dean’s yells and struggles, but they finally got him settled back into the bed.
Standing upright, shoulders back, he took a deep breath, steeling himself against his doubt as well as the possible inhospitable mood he might encounter from Mr. Winchester. He shoved the invitations into his jacket pocket, turned around, and began to ascend the steps.
“Nonsense. We’ve got several perfectly good drivers right here. We can get you home later after dinner.”
Castiel ran his thumb up and over the pre-cum slick head, thrust and squeezed and twisted his cock as he quickened his pace. He moaned as he saw the green eyes changing from bright yellow-green of peridot in absinthe to grassy green with amber flecks, darkened with desire. The lips no longer lips with a secret smile, but rosy red with freckles. The chest no longer broad, but finely chiseled and slim, his own hand pressed against it, feeling the racing heartbeat, and the panting moans Dean made in those moments. He remembered Dean shirtless in the hospital bed and how quickly the erection sprung to life as he tried to rub the cherry sauce from the blankets. He remembered looking up into stunningly smoldering green eyes, and seeing the tip of Dean’s tongue darting out, and slowly moisten those red lips before it disappeared into the dark depths of a mouth he’d like to explore.  Castiel remembered the scent of Dean filling his nostrils as he pressed a kiss into his hair. The soft light dancing off the golden highlights mingled in the darker tresses.
He leaned the crutches against the garage door and went to help Dean into the back seat of his truck.
“Thank you, Jack. I’m not sure I need a service animal, but I already told you we could get a cat or two. Maybe over the weekend we can find a pet or two. I am not averse to getting a dog. It would make me comfortable to know that you would have a large guardian dog here if either or both of you had to be home alone once in a while.” Castiel sniffed again.
“As part of the family, I thought I should be here for the family discussion.” He patted his brother’s shoulder, squeezed past Castiel and went to sit on the sofa near the children.
“It’s perfectly fine to be angry, Jack. Sometimes, parents do things that they think, at the time, is the right thing to do. When certain things are new to people, they don’t always know or understand what the right course of action is. Sometimes experts or people that think they are experts, do things they think will help or change things they are not familiar with, but those things end up being not so good things. Unfortunately, that happens a lot throughout history, but as humans, we hope that we can learn, grow and find the right way to do things. Sometimes people get hurt, or have not-good things happen to them as we learn. But after we know something is wrong, we change things for the better, in order that the world is made better for our children. Like you and Claire. You can go on dates without as much fear as I could when I was your age, because other people fought for that to be normal.”
The mortgage company was going to require proof of Sam and Dean being legal representatives, and Dean the spouse, of their client who they refused to name, but did admit that because Dean Winchester was the spouse of Lisa Braeden Winchester, that he was legally responsible for the debt. They’d fax the information to Dean Winchester at the number their client had provided, which was a defunct number that Dean had cancelled after the wedding/event business was shut down. Otherwise, they’d send limited information to the number he provided them, until they received confirmation that Dean and Sam were their client’s legal representative.
“I’m saying I don’t know. What I do know is that these files are all about damning information against important, rich and powerful people, including our parents and Dad’s father, grandfather, great-grandfather and probably even further back. I’ve never been privy to the exact contents of these files. I was made to memorize all the information I needed to know to access these items in case of an emergency, but I don’t know the entire story. I also know that some of the fortune that our grandfather, great-father, and even our parents have added to by their own means seems to have been, with the help of The Church, due to blackmail, bribery, extortion, corporate and market manipulation, and any number of other…mob-like manipulations.”
“Well, if my son is going to raise sheep, these are things I’ll need to know,” Castiel said in his most serious tone, patting his chest pockets. “I’ll need a pen and pad.”
“Well, thank you. I’ve tried to do my best with them. They’ve got a lot of their mom in them, and I owe a lot to my brother Sam and Benny here, especially, since their mom passed.” Dean no longer felt suspicious or trepidatious about the deputy’s motives or expertise.
“I get it. This is more than I was hoping for anyway, but speaking of having a talk,” he looked to the barn roof, “I need to let you know something. Nothing bad,” he added quickly when he saw Castiel’s brow furrow, “but something that makes me uncomfortable.”
“Sticking around for the Pizza Party or do you have another hot date tonight?” Dean asked, half jokingly, to change the subject.
Dean asked how the after school work went on their projects, if they’d gotten a lot done and if the extra hands were helpful or a hindrance. He knew from experience, that sometimes help was great and other times help was better if it was sitting watching from afar.
“Gabriel, is there something you need or did you just call to spoil the moment?” He rolled his eyes, then grunted as he felt Benny’s mouth on his dick again.
After Benny had gotten Castiel settled in the passenger seat that night and they’d gotten on the road, Castiel began gushing about how wonderful and sweet Benny was to him. The doctor told him how attractive he was, how much he loved Benny’s accent, his blue eyes, his body and how his quiet, but deeply intense masculinity made Castiel “want to go feral on him, but…”
“Oh, I am!” Jack said excitedly. “I already have uncles, but Uncle Gabriel and Uncle Balthazar are my favorites. They’re the only ones that do things with us. So I have plenty of room for another uncle.”
“No problem, Cher.” Benny said and then took the bags inside. Once everything was done, the other two left after saying goodbye. Castiel connected himself to the Wifi and sighed.
“I almost wish you hadn’t reminded me. I think my adrenaline made me forget about the pain, but now I feel it all throbbing.” Gabriel lightly touched his nose.
Dean was shocked out of his panic as he turned to look incredulously at the nurse who had just taken his temperature. As he turned to see if the nurse had lost his mind, he was greeted with a thermometer being offered to his open mouth. In confusion he lifted his tongue and felt the thermometer put in place. He closed his mouth, still staring at the nurse who was now looking intently at the digital readout. “Good, good. Ok, sir, Let’s get your blood pressure.” The nurse wrapped the cuff  around Dean’s arm and turned the pump on.
“Even when I’m annoying?” Gabriel smiled, hopping in the cab. “I’ll have to be annoying more often.”
“Ah, Emma and Ben’s father.” He smiled, then tilted his head as if deep in thought. He pointed at Benny, smiling. “Ben. Benny. Oh.” Gabriel smiled and pointed back and forth. “My two dads or brothers?” He side-eyed Benny.
Dean woke up late the next morning. He felt around next to him for Miracle, before remembering that she was still missing. He thought about the ride home when Benny and Lee had told him about Miracle being missing.
“Yes, my brother is an excellent baker. I’m sorry I didn’t catch all the names of the items he put in the box. Some of the names are similar. All are risqué. I do recall this particular pie is called the Bi Pie. It is filled with a combination of half cream pie and half fruit, ‘swirled together, giving you the best combination of both worlds.’” Castiel quoted, then busied himself placing out the plates and utensils. He took the box from Dean and cut a small piece of the pie to put on one plate for him, then placed the remainder of the pie on the second plate. He had the feeling that it would be no problem for Dean to finish off in one go.
Anna was on her first week at the hospital, where she was scheduled to work for three hours a day, three days a week after school as a volunteer Candy Striper. During her break, she was going to the administrative floor of the hospital to see their mother, Naomi. Her secretary was not at the reception desk and the inner office door was ajar. She could hear her mother and father on a conference call with Castiel’s psychiatric conversion therapist. Anna relayed the conversation she was able to hear before her anger, fear and terror got the better of her, and she burst into the room screaming, crying and cursing them all.
Michael arrived at the restaurant first, and after strange looks from the hostess, was seated in a dark corner by the back of the restaurant. He was just beginning to grow concerned about his younger sibling when he caught sight of Gabriel walking through the door. There was no sense waving, because it was very dimly lit in the back where he was seated. He watched Gabriel walk towards the hostess stand out of his view. He waited and waited, and was just at the point where he’d decided to go up front to find Gabriel, when he saw the hostess leading his brother back to their table. She was all smiles and laughing as she turned back to make a comment to Gabe. Gabe said something back to her, which elicited a great burst of loud laughter making her put her hand over her mouth.
Castiel clung to Gabriel the entire time, even sitting on his lap while having his milkshake, chicken nuggets, and French fries. Though he only ate half of his food, he drank his entire milkshake and three cherries. Anna took him to the restroom to clean up and give her brothers time to talk.
He pulled the door to the office open to hold open for his brother and the children, but another family came out at the same time. Before they could enter, Deputy Barker and her son Clark also exited.
Castiel Novak hated his Boss. He hated her a lot. Naomi was an awful person and she liked to see him suffer. So now, she was sending him to some backwoods hillbilly town in the middle of bum fuck Kansas because she thought it would “help” him and that he needed a “vacation.” Also, the town needed a new doctor. Castiel rolled his eyes. Why did she have to send him here? He hated small towns. He was used to being in the city. He was going to hate this. Nothing and No one could ever make this “vacation.” worth it. He couldn’t wait to leave.
When they reached the school, they saw several other parents already walking towards the office, and another two just pulling up to the school grounds looking for a parking place.
barn. The one and only barn. The barn where Dean and Castiel first met. It was on this day, September 18th, 2008. Thirteen years ago, Dean shoved a knife into his chest and Castiel pulled it out like it was nothing. It was here in this barn where they first started to fall in love. It was like an instant connection. Neither of them understood it at the time. The barn was decorated with fairy lights, courtesy of the kids and everyone helping out with the decorations.
“Just relax. There’s no sense in worrying about this right now.” Sam said, still stacking and moving files. “All these files over here, you can put away. I’m only going to need these few over here and maybe you can try again to go through any of Lisa’s old stuff again, and try to find out anything you can about any loans she may have taken out secretly or after she was ill. This wholly may depend on how ill she was when this originated.”
“Dad, you are going to love the sheep. I really think I definitely might want sheep. Also, I asked Mr. Lafitte if I could call him uncle, but he said I’d have to talk to you first. Does this count as talking to you first or does he mean talk as in a ‘discussion’?” Jack hugged his dad, speaking a mile a minute.
“Why are they like that?” Dean asked in frustration. “I knew this was Lisa’s doing!” He punched his fists in the air at his sides.
Castiel smiled. “That reminds me,” he said, pulling the invitation cards from his jacket pocket, “I am not sure if it’s a wise thing for you to go to in your present state, but I’ve  brought you some invitations to the Official HARD Open of Gabriel’s Sweet Spot.”
Dean hung up. It wasn’t like Emma to jump into a fight. Ben, yes. Emma, it depended on the situation. He picked up the two-way radio.
Gabriel was happy. The Sweet Spot hadn’t even officially opened yet and he had been busy each day. He was quite enthused at how busy they’d been this morning though. He knew from experience that he could make this business successful, but he was unsure how successful it might be in such a small town. He’d much preferred to sink his money into this business in a larger, more diverse city. Yet, everyday this town surprised him. Most of the citizens he’d encountered were much more progressive than he would’ve thought for an old, seemingly traditional, midwest small town.
He knew the school would suspect him of hitting her but with Ben as a witness, and the fact that Dean would
“I shall be ever honored to be added to the ranks of those two who both you and your father speak so highly of. I’ll await your father’s answer.”
After his shower, he got dressed and then climbed into bed. He did some research on Dogs and which ones were the best with kids and how to take care of them. He fell asleep after some time with a smile on his face.
He started to think about Monday morning and what answers he may find out about the foreclosure notice. He was glad he’d gotten the barn reno’d and rented it to Cas. It was nice to know a family was living there. He definitely needed the income now, but the rent was a drop in the bucket compared to what he needed to come up with. He started thinking of ways to come up with that much money, but quickly decided to stop going down that road when he realized he had downed his entire beer and was heading to the fridge for another. He did get another, but set that as his final one for the evening. Since the notice came, he knew he’d been drinking a lot and Miracle kept sending him cues.
Amara smiled. “Now for the best part. Do you, Dean Winchester, take Castiel Novak to be your husband?”
“I don’t want to speculate, but that may be part of the reason your father hasn’t come out.” Sam said sympathetically.
“Well, I must say Gabriel, you should take makeup application lessons from Michael. Great job, Cuz!”
“OK. Heads up and back inside. It’s getting a bit chilly and curves will be coming up.” Castiel turned the headlights back on and raised the windows.
“Yeah, I’m always the last one to get a date around here.”  She saw the way Gabriel looked at her. “Relax, you’re good. It’s all good.” She smiled kindly. “Really.”
Castiel handed a small stack of the cards to Dean. “They list the new official hours, some of the featured signature products, discount coupons, and coupons for one free individual serving pie as well as a free donut of your choice.”
“So I do something like that, um, with my arms when I get really anxious.” He bent down to speak to Castiel. “Dad, I don’t want to talk anymore, but I’m not finished.”
“Well, your dad has dated more than seven people in five years and my dad has only dated one in almost fourteen years, so if in fourteen years he finally decided to date, it was his choice! Besides, Uncle Benny got there first!” Claire shouted.
“This is about your only daughter being the best person in this family and her not even knowing that you slithering snakes were going to USE her, commit her, and god knows what else, just to do what? Why is it so important that Castiel fit into a mould?
“Okay Cas, I look forward to getting my honey. Oh, you will? I look forward to meeting you too.” And Castiel could practically hear the smile in Dean’s voice.
By the time they packed, Michael and Gabriel ran their errands to exchange the files, and they spent a good amount of time playing games and eating pizza with Castiel, Michael was more resolved than ever. It was difficult to look at Castiel as he was now and compare his demeanor with how Michael remembered him as he was when he’d first started kindergarten.
Before Castiel had gotten here, Adam had told him that talk around the hospital was that the doctor’s moving here was some sort of punishment for “lewd and lascivious conduct unbecoming a physician under contract to the DiRoCo Health, the parent corporation.” Apparently, he’d been involved in some type of, possibly, underage orgy ring, but nothing could be proven. That prospect was likely where Dean’s aversion came from, and he’d pretty much decided not to rent the barn to someone so despicable.
“My father said we are not punished and ‘a skating rink dance is an acceptable location for a first date for two thirteen year olds,’” Jack imitated Castiel’s voice at the last part, then turned to Emma, Ben, Kaia and Claire. “I’m sorry if you are all punished though, but I’m still going to have fun on my very first official date.”
Michael looked at the paper. On the front was the name, Jules and then the phone number. He sneered at Gabriel who circled his index finger in the air indicating that Michael should look at the back. Exasperated, Michael turned the paper over to read:
As they continued to speak with her father, Jack and Claire, Emma watched Dr. Novak and her Uncle Benny. They were definitely making a lot of eye contact and she could almost swear they were flirting. What the hell? Did they already know and like each other
“Oh, we were going to take Castiel for pizza at that kids pizza place.” Michael said walking closer.
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but he didn’t know whether to apologize or get angry. He closed his mouth. Then, as Adam pulled the sticky gown off,
“He said you’d say that. Doesn’t matter. He’s leaving with us and we ordered more food for you and your new waiter friend. Told him you’d have food for him for here or to go, his choice. So don’t break his heart or waste our money. Enjoy yourself, before whatever big news you’re breaking to your parents, ruins the rest of your life.” At the look Michael gave Gabriel, Narf chimed in.
When they pulled up to the house, they saw Sam and Dean on the porch, and Miracle romping through the yard. Most of the lights downstairs and upstairs were on, shining bright and happy through all of the windows. Castiel thought it looked like one of those homey Christmas cards shining with glitter for stars.
Castiel wondered if there was something different about himself now. Why suddenly were men interested in him? To be honest, he always had men be friendly towards him, and if he thought about it now, he’d have to admit, they weren’t always of the lasting friendship variety, but he was hard pressed to say another man flirted with him trying to pick him up—that he knew of. Maybe he was just oblivious? He decided he was going to try to be more mindful, to pay more attention to it now.
“Let me out! Let me out! I’m going to suffocate! Ack! Ugh!” Claire screamed louder and made a gagging sound.
“I’ve been trying to cut down, eat more salads, get more fit.” Benny patted his belly. “Gotta start making sure to stay in shape now, as I get older, I wanna stay healthy.”
“As those of you who are not new to the school know, this does not preclude anyone involved from suffering the consequences. We have a Zero Tolerance Policy; that does not mean we don’t like to understand and perhaps solve the crux of the situation that led to the violence. On the contrary, the more we can understand and work to overcome our differences, the more likely we are to grow as humans and as a society. We will inform you of the consequences of your actions before the end of this assembly, but first, I’d like to give anyone that has anything constructive to add, the chance to have a say. Is th—”
“Please, Mr. Winchester— let me finish. Please.” He took a deep breath. “You’ll be spared any embarrassment, and I’ll be spared any…vulgarities.”
Castiel’s smile faded. He squinted with a tilt of his head. What had he done now? He thought he was, perhaps, getting somewhere in his attempt at friendship, or the very least, lessening the seeming hostility he always felt aimed at him from Mr. Winchester. He walked around to the sink, washed the plates, forks and knife and placed them in the dish drainer.
something to do with orgies, but orgies and photographs in which Dr. NoWay featured as the star and lone man in a pile of women.  And it was some head honcho’s jealous kid, named Esther or something, that was being vindictive by getting the doctor in hot water over it. It was never found out if this Esther was jealous of not participating in the orgy or if she was a jilted lover. Dean didn’t want to rent to a cheating lowlife, but he decided to rent to the man and just charge more, because what the doc did was his business, and the corporation was picking up half the rent anyway.
“That’s the new Doc’s brother, Gabriel. He owns The Sweet Spot, but strangely enough, is also a cop.”
“I still plan to do much more to and for you at a later date. You heard my brother, babysitting for an entire weekend.” He bent to pull up his pants in an attempt to look like a respectable physician that did not almost fornicate on his desk in the office of his workplace he’d been employed at for less than five full days.
When it was changed to be donated to charity, there was a significant increase in the amount of swearing as well as the rate at which it filled. It was wonderful for their various charitable endeavors, but put quite a beating in the original objective of the “this will teach you that swearing is not a good personality trait.“ He had yet to come up with a good solution as to what to do with the amassed funds that would also teach the children that swearing was something from which they should refrain.
Castiel lost it and just started laughing, which he regretted immediately upon his first deep inhale.
“No, Jack. You’re one of the two best kids I know.” He smiled so proudly at his son, then at Claire.
“…if lucky.” What was that? Lucky was a mother of two maybe living for a year? They got three second opinions, all the same. The second one was that it was worse than the previous specialist had let on. It had metastasized and if she made it six months, that was a gift. Dean was ready to go to the ends of the earth to find another doctor that would give them a different opinion, a better opinion. Lisa convinced him that there was no better opinion, just his wishful thinking. She didn’t want to spend the last months of her life searching for the answer they wanted, the answer they knew deep down would never come.
“No, thank you. We’re just headed home from dinner in town earlier.” Castiel smiled almost timidly. He was a bit on edge wondering if he’d do or say something to set the man off again, but mainly hoping against hope, wondering if Dean remembered that Castiel had kissed his hair while trying to sooth him through his panic attack that morning.
He was not disappointed, and even further elated when the other hand slipped  down his backside, over his ass cheek and down to clasp him just above his upper thigh at the same time as he felt Benny’s lips claim his mouth once again. He felt his pants drop to the floor, and set himself again to work open Benny’s jeans. As soon as Castiel had them loosened, he immediately ran his hands under the shirt. He just had one thing on his mind at that moment and it was to feel the hard, strong planes of the man’s flesh against his own. Just the thought that he was so close to that experience again, finally, after all those years… he knew it wouldn’t take much at all to push him over the edge.
To his amazement, the truck slowed to a stop even with the cruiser and the cab’s back window lowered. Clark leaned over Jack who was sticking his head out waving happily.
“OK, we’ll get two of those ham, mushroom fetas. That actually sounds good.” Dean smiled. “Anyone want something I didn’t mention? Don’t be shy. Clark? Kaia? Claire or Jack?”
Dean thought his mouth was dry before, but now— He lay back on the pillow and closed his eyes. How does he always get himself in these predicaments? Seriously. Who else has these kinds of issues in their life? He hasn’t been with anyone in a while and stupidly flashes his seductive, “hey, there” look at an obviously straight male nurse. It has to be the medication they’d given him. And this doctor? What is his issue? First he seemed to be almost mocking Dean when he had peed on himself. Dean put his hands over his eyes. Remembering the embarrassing incident. It could be the doctor was just trying to make him feel better by winking and smiling, but Dean didn’t want to be placated or given sympathy. It just made him angrier about being in the position he was in. And he could also blame the doctor in part, because he was working on a place for the doctor to live when he stupidly had his mishap. But, jeez! Dean scrubbed his hands up and down his face and through his hair. What the hell with his body popping a boner while the doctor was wiping up the ice cream!? WHY did the doctor carry ice cream with him on his rounds? How unprofessional. Dean loved his little town, but how hard up were they to hire a podunk idiot of a doctor like that? Pop the Cherry Virgin Ice Cream? What was that? Why would a doctor be eating something named that at work? Everything about this doctor just made him balk. The only thing good about the man that he could think of right now was that he was extremely attractive, and had the most intriguing lips and bluest eyes Dean had ever seen. Attractive did not begin to describe the combination. Dean brought to mind the image of looking down at the top of the dark tousled hair as the doctor vigorously rubbed at the mess on the blanket covering his crotch. The pause, and then the slow upturn of those enormous blue eyes to look up at Dean… The look the doc gave him was so innocent, lovely and frightened that Dean saw it in slow motion, forgetting himself and his uncomfortable embarrassment for a moment. Really breathtaking! Something in him just wanted to reach out and touch that face in reassurance and stare into those blue eyes until he drowned. The door to his room opened after a quick knock. Adam walked in carrying fresh towels, washcloths and another fresh gown.
Dean opened the door to welcome them in. There was loud screeching, yelling and running as the children came barreling down the stairs.
I, Dean Winchester, take Castiel Novak to be my wedded husband , to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, I pledge my faith and pledge myself to you.”
Miracle climbed into the hospital bed with him and licked his face. He laughed and so did everyone else.
“Alright, let’s head in and find out the price.” Dean said, beginning to wheel himself towards the office door until Benny took control of pushing him.
you? And what have you done with Benny Lafitte?” Dean looked suspiciously at Benny. “I know what this is. This is about your new paramour. Gotta keep in shape for that one, yeah.”
“I was thinking about calling my dad to see when he was coming. I told you how we’re supposed to have a talk tonight, about, I think, my dad, maybe, probably, coming out. I don’t want him to be hurt right away if this is the person he likes.” Claire confided in Kaia. “And If it goes bad tonight, I’m afraid I might not be brave enough to tell him about me.”
Gabriel smiled. Yep, he did a good thing. Looks like Michael had a fun night. Gabriel was always concerned that Michael had to grow up before his time. He always seems so serious and was the one watching out for all the younger ones. Even knowing that there was almost four years between them, Gabriel hardly had memories of them playing together, but too many memories of Michael just standing to the side supervising Lucifer, Raphael, Anna and himself playing.
“We’ll meet at the restaurant. I’ll pick us up some Tylenol or something. See you then.” They went their separate ways.
“What is it, Dean?” Sam sat as he backed up narrowly missing having his foot run over. “Where’s the fax?”
“Thanks, sweetheart!” Dean gave her his most adoring smile as he picked up the utensils to dig in. Castiel went on when Dean nodded towards him.
Dean picked Castiel up and carried him to the Impala. It had a sign that said “Just Married.” On the back.
“That way, if they check the tapes and find them erased, a security system rep comes to troubleshoot or repair, they’ll hopefully find the bent staple and assume that caused the issue.” Michael looked around. “Let’s get everything cleaned and back in place.”
Castiel shook his head. “You were having trouble. You should stay awake for now. You may have a much more serious injury than I thought. Are you having any symptoms?”
He washed his hands and decided to pour himself a glass of wine, stirring his vegetables and adding in cayenne, paprika, fresh thyme and a few other choice spices. He rarely spiced his food up this much anymore, because most of the meals he made had to be kid friendly, and spicy and children don’t mix well.
He pulled on his hardness from tip to base.  He watched as the head of his cock emerged from his foreskin, glistening deep pinkish-red, and then disappear as the skin was shirred back over the head. He made a tight “o” his his other hand to mimic the feel of pushing into the tight ring of anal muscles, pushing himself up into that hole. He closed his eyes remembering the feel of a male body, flesh to flesh, against him. The glow of the skin of Benny’s chest peeking tantalizingly from the opening of the shirt, the touch of the man’s hands against his cheek and chin, the mouth that seemed to have a perpetual secret knowing smile. His mind’s eye traveled up those lips, pondering the secret of the smile, and traveled up to imagine eyes that should have been crystal blue, but were instead green eyes that held so much mystery.
“What will we do if everything goes OK, though?” Anna asked anxiously. “Are we still going to pretend not to know anything about it? Or are we going to let them know we know? I’m so scared.”
Dean looked daggers at his brother. Then, over Adam’s shoulders, he saw Dr. NoWay engrossed in some files, walking past in the hall outside.
Dean made a grabbing fist motion, as Sam calmed him again, making motions Dean could not understand.
“What do you want, Cassie? You can have anything you want. My treat. Anything.” Michael tried to chuck Castiel under the chin, but the child flinched and turned to bury his face in Anna. Michael was annoyed that he had that effect on his baby brother, but Gabriel nudged him, because he knew that Castiel could pick up on Michael’s annoyance and think it was his fault.
They cleaned up and got everything back in order and Michael and Gabriel left together after they made sure Anna knew and was OK. Michael took the highway and drove several miles to the outskirts of town. They pulled up to an inexpensive chain hotel and Michael rented a room. They grabbed their overnight bags and the backpack of purloined files and made themselves comfortable in the room.
“Boy, you really have no luck with the tall drink of water do you?” Laughed Chris. “It’ll be alright,” she patted his arm, “you’ll meet eventually. You might be old and gray by the time it happens the way things are going, but it’ll happen.”
“Mr. Winchester, I know I’m not your favorite person, and I know no one ‘intends’ to break their leg, and end up in a hospital with a ‘freak’ doctor,” Castiel raised both hands in a hooked finger-quotes gesture several times as he spoke in agitation,
Lee dug through the pockets and came out with Dean’s wallet, $1.73 in loose change, a pack of gum with three pieces left, two receipts from the hardware store and one from the sandwich shop, Dean’s pocket knife, and an extra box of brads for the nail gun. He laid it all out on the bed next to Dean.
“No, you have to do better for your own sake,” he said aloud, repeating what Lisa had told him so many times during their life together. “Focus on the good,” the family grief counselor always said. Since it was Saturday, he couldn’t do anything about the foreclosure today, but he could do more than sit around being angry.
Castiel spoke softly, “Deep breaths, Dean. Deep breaths.” He remembered when he’d walked by Dean’s room once, and saw the nurse, Ezekiel, with his palm over Dean’s chest. He’d asked him about it later and Ezekiel showed him the technique he’d developed to help his father. Castiel decided he’d try it out now since it had seemed to help Dean before.
“Oh, so he’s a really close uncle, taking care of you and your brother when you were babies? That’s so sweet.” Claire asked, trying to get more information on just how close Mr. Lafitte and Mr. Winchester were.
“Oh, Sweetie, that’s right, but it’s OK. Me and Gabriel will stay right next to you. Will that be OK?” Castiel, nodded as he snuggled closer to his sister.
That same day in Hope Valley, Dean Winchester was roping up the cattle and putting them back into their pen. The sun was beating down on him and making him sweat. It was hotter than hell outside.
“Bacon cheeseburger?” Clark, Jack and Ben raised their hands. Dean raised his own hand. “Put Benny down, too. We’ll get three of those.”
She pointed for him to make a round through the parking lot before their first loop around the block. It was still somewhat early for the big morning crowd, so they would not be hindering students or staff. They stopped by the officer at the Drop Off area, introduced Gabriel and then pulled off.
“It’s a long story and I’m not going to go into it all right here right now…” He held up his hand to stop Gabriel’s onslaught of angry questions and accusations. “But I will give you an overview and tell you more another day when we have more time.”
“Ok. Remember! Use the call button first!” He left, pulling the door closed behind him. Castiel began by explaining to Dean the nature of the breaks of the tibia and fibula. He explained that following breakfast, he wanted to have a few quick X-rays to make sure the bones had not shifted in the fall, he stressed the need to keep swelling to a minimum by keeping the leg elevated and had just finished explaining the importance of toe wiggling to keep the limb from getting stiff and aiding in blood circulation when the food services worker entered the room.
“Claire’s right, dad can be an angry person. Uncle Benny is nice and I bet they’d get along good, but I saw my dad talking about Dr. Novak and I never saw him get nervous and turn red like he was embarrassed like he did when he was talking about your dad, Claire.” Ben explained. “Besides, I was thinking it over while I was in class this morning and I figured it out. Dad has a type and Dr. Novak is definitely dad’s type.”
like men. I want to…to…I am now dating men, a man. I went on a date and it was with a man and I… It was with Benny, Mr. Lafitte, and I liked it and want to see him again. Some more. We like each other and want to…we plan on seeing each other more.”
Benny let Castiel explore. He kissed, massaged and tantalized Castiel from head to bottom and everywhere in between, but let the dark haired ingenue take the lead. He could tell Castiel was an attentive, thorough and very experienced lover, just new to being with another man. Benny was having a hard time restraining himself with the things Castiel was doing to him, until finally Benny bent to take Castiel into his mouth.
Thursday was the day years later, after enlisting in the Marines, when in Afghanistan, Dean was out on patrol with his 9 man squad. He sent his three man fire team out in advance recon, the other six of them fanned out and were set upon by the enemy. The three advanced troops were killed instantly. Two of the six escaped, but four, including Dean, were gunned down and captured. Those four were kept alive to be stabbed, beaten, burned and tortured for weeks. Dean often woke up hearing their screams in his ears only to realize the screams were coming from him. Thankfully, the two that escaped, one of whom was Benny, came back with reinforcements and were able to save Dean and one of his men. That man was never the same, and took his life soon after going home.
“Just as we’ve had this discussion here, the other group has had the same in the auditorium. So, now I will ask you all to please move to the auditorium, so we can wrap this up. Much depends on what happens once we put the information together. So, please, let us go there now. I ask that you all sit on the right side. I’ll meet with the Assistant Principal Mosley quickly and we’ll be right with you all.”
It worked out in the end. For them at least. They still had to wear masks. Again, still in a pandemic.
She looked at Gabriel. He shrugged. He had no idea where they were going, but he knew he was heading toward the highway on-ramp to head out of town. He nodded to her as he saw Michael’s car approaching very fast in the rearview mirror. Michael sped up alongside them pointing and yelling. Gabriel put his window down, but did not stop.
“Yeah, this section was the original old farmhouse on the land here, built in 1899. It replaced the original home. A bigger place, a log cabin, that burnt down a few years prior. So this was state of the art, with indoor plumbing, radiator heating, some closets and even natural gas stove, which was not really easily available in the United States at that time, but the owner was afraid of another house fire.” Dean wheeled the chair to face the spacious room. “Go head, have a look around.”
Michael glanced up and did a double-take at the beautiful young man placing a second glass of ice water before Gabriel.
“As I always do!” Emma yelled from behind the bar. “Face it, I’m just a better driver and always will be.”
Castiel turned and walked out the door before allowing Dean to perturb him any further. He heard Dean saying something as he pulled the door closed, but he was beyond caring at the moment. That man truly was just a misanthrope, at least insofar as Castiel was concerned.
Dean looked up at the both of them, smiling proudly at his daughter. “She is right. Just because this school or even our town is progressive and accepting, not everyone is. They won’t always be in this safe bubble of acceptance that we, as a family, offer or this town in general, seems to provide.” He reached his hand out to Claire. “I’m Dean Winchester, Emma and Ben’s father. I know I met you from the porch, before, but it’s nice to meet you close up. Thank you for taking care of my Miracle.” He patted Miracle’s side. He had her in his lap again.
Castiel quickly explained, adding that he needed to return her quickly, since he found out she was a service dog.
“Oh, uh, yes, my name is Dean Winchester. I’m from The Family Business coffee shop in Lawrence, Kansas and I’m calling to have some more honey ordered?”
Dean thought about what these photographs could be. Was it a blackmail thing maybe? Wow, “piles” of women. Dean himself had been with twins twice and once a set of triplets shared between him and Lee, but that’s just five people total. How many women is a pile?
“Are you sure? Annie’s just concerned because you’re shaking,” she began struggling with her right hand to remove her sweater.
“Dean, you need some cow hands on the ranch to help you. Benny and Lee have agreed. Actually they’re the ones who said they would help anyway.”
“It’s OK, we can wait.” He said to Dean, watching Miracle jump into his lap. He turned to Claire and Jack.
Gabriel hugged him tightly, holding back his emotions that threatened to rush out in a torrent of tears, and picking up his brother and running. Running across the lawn, running out of the large ornate iron gates, running down the street, running until he couldn’t feel his legs, but still running. Just running, he didn’t care where, as long as it was away, and the beautiful blue eyed cherub looking at him with such loving trust was safe forever.
“I suggest you continue taking the Tylenol regularly for at least the rest of the week,” Castiel stood. “It’ll help minimize any swelling, which can aid in the healing process as well as make you feel a bit more comfortable. It’s not a bad thing or a failing of character to take medication for pain, especially just an OTC.” He placed a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder.
He grabbed the shot glass, filled it and sniffed the amber liquid, petting his girl’s scruff. He remembered that she no longer had her collar and he wondered where it had gone. She’d lost her collar the last time she’d run off like that, too. He really needed to thank the Doc. He wasn’t good at making grand gestures, or even giving much more than a simple thanks, but this was about his girl, his lifeline. If nothing else
“Jules is so excited. He’s seen your brother in here several times before and has never had a chance to wait on him or talk to him. He’s a good guy, a science major and really nice. I hope things go well. Thanks for your help.” She nodded and went back to her station.
He loved his confectionery shop, but he was happy and eager to be back in law enforcement.  He enjoyed being outside, the constant change of scenery, but most of all trying to help people, and children more so. As an officer in Witchita, he had worked in the juvenile protective and domestic abuse services. Here in Chase County, since it was a much smaller jurisdiction population-wise, he was to be on general law enforcement patrol, but specifically be called in for serious domestic and juvenile situations.
“This right here is what sounds like led to your first fight. I understand emotions are running high, but don’t think about doing this again. We need to head to the Cafeteria for a larger meeting. Let’s go.” Dean whistled to Miracle as he spun his wheelchair about.
“Come with me,” he said through the tears and the blood coming from his nose. He grabbed the kitchen towel from the oven door as they passed by, to staunch the flow, but he didn’t really care about himself at that point. He deserved what his brother had dealt him.
“Cassie, Honeybee, if you can’t stop crying and being upset, we’re going to have to pull the car over because you’re making yourself sick, Sweetie.” Anna leaned forward over the seat to look for napkins in the console.
“Yeah, I talked to them last night. I really wish I could have them here with me. I feel terrible for not being able to be the one to sooth them when they’re sick.” He looked miserable for a few seconds. “Their temperatures are pretty much normal except in the evening, when they rose slightly. They’re still running to the bathroom, but not as often.” Dean smiled, “So I guess I lucked out in that department though!”
Eventually, Castiel made the move to say that it was time for them to head home. All hands helped with kitchen clean up, but it took a little longer to get the kids to straighten up upstairs and gather their belongings.
“They’re not going to know you’re even involved. I guess it’s a good thing to have him there anyway. I won’t have to worry about you, Cassie, and Anna if anything does happen, which I doubt it will.”
Castiel looked down into his daughter’s big blue eyes, over to his son’s same blue eyes and took a deep breath.
“I’m sorry it’s taken me a while to get back with you, Mr. Winchester. I’m the bank’s assistant manager, Mr. Beau Plutus. They didn’t tell me you where on hold this entire time. I do apologize for your wait.”
“Well, it is imperative that Mr. Winchester stay off the leg for it to heal properly as well as not create more issues down the road,” Castiel spoke adamantly. “This is a serious fracture and requires long term care. Following the initial six to eight week long cast, he’ll then transition to a short cast for three to five weeks, when he’ll  be able to begin placing slight weight for short spurts. Finally, he’ll be fitted for a short, soft boot which he’ll wear for another three or four weeks. Now this is a walkable, removable-for-bathing boot, but will have to be worn all day, except for bathing and during his several tri-weekly three or four months of physical therapy. ”
“What’s the matter? Not hungry?” Dean asked after noticing Benny’s sparse plate and his slow consumption rate.
Anna, now sitting in her father’s desk chair, and Gabriel still had no idea what was occurring, what their end game was. Were they robbing their parents? Were they going to kidnap their little brother? They knew better than to even question Michael at this point in time. He kept tapping his foot until the safe was safely down in the hidden recess of the hearth. As soon as the motor stopped whirring, he ran back behind the desk, shoved his hand back in the small recess below the little inner safe and they heard two clicks and he tilted the small safe back into place and pulled the handle down. There was a loud, significant clank sound. He blew out his breath and almost collapsed back with relief as he checked his watch once again.
“No, I will do my best to stay off of it. I don’t know if you have children or not, D— Cas…s’alright if I call you Cas? I’m going to call you Cas.” Dean didn’t leave time for Castiel to reply at which Castiel smiled. “But having kids is one thing, having a set of twins is a whole different ball game that you just can’t understand.”
“I’m glad they paved this lot. It’d be a might more difficult pushing you through gravel in this thing.” Benny changed the subject.
They both walked towards the front entrance, even though no one had come to unlock it yet. Michael gently tapped on the glass when he saw the librarian walk past. She stopped, looked at her watch, and pointed to the clock over the desk. Michael smashed his face against the door to see the clock’s time. He frowned and held up the coffee and bag of croissants. He nudged Gabriel to hold his bag up, too.
“He’s not wrong, Ben.” Emma defended her father’s choice of words. “Look what our alliance accomplished today already. We defended one of our own,” she pointed to Jack, at which Clark flung his arm around Jack’s neck and squeezed close. “We made new friends,” she said to Claire and Kaia, and Jack and Clark. “And maybe we can continue our
Dean went into a sort of autopilot. He wanted to let go of the wheel and let the car go off the cliff, but he had to little ones that would need him. For four and a half weeks following their final consultation, Lisa was still able to get around on her own, hold her children, speak normally, laugh. One morning Dean woke up. The sun was just coming up, but the sky looked like it was going to be a bleak day. He just wanted to put the covers over his head and go back into the dream he was having of the four of them on their one and only ski trip, but he felt the bed shaking intermittently. Finally, coming fully awake, he rolled over to see that Lisa was having a seizure.
“I’m going to need a little time to go over the menu, but Michael,” Gabriel indicated his brother with a gracious smile, “would love to hear about the specials again, specifically, which ones you prefer and might recommend. Ignore me while I look at the menu. Or no, I just have to run to the restroom really quickly, but please don’t go anywhere until I get back.” Gabriel jumped up and ran out of sight.
think he and Uncle Be— ugh! Now you’ve got me doing it, Jack! I think he and Mr. Lafitte went out on a date and that’s what he wants to talk about at our family meeting. And it makes me very happy because my father seemed so happy when he came back from his date.” Claire wiped a tear away, “but Emma and Ben are saying that they think their father likes my father and they think my father likes him back. And…and…” She looked at Emma. “I’m sorry. And they want Jack and I to try to help break up my father and Mr. Lafitte, so my dad and their dad can be together.”
She just shook her head. “Look, I’ve got to hurry and finish getting ready to open. Thanks for the breakfast and let me know if you need any help.”
He smiled at his kids who were behind their uncles. School hadn’t started yet. Virtual school was still a thing. There was no way Dean was sending his kids to school while they were still in a pandemic.
“Thanks Cas.” Dean said and then he blushed. “Sorry, that slipped out. I have a tendency to give people nicknames.”
“He’s also my new partner.” Deputy Barker replied in firm defense. “He’s a fifteen year veteran of the Witchita PD and has a PhD in Psychology specializing in children, adolescents and family dynamics.”
Dean went to Singer’s Auto repair. He changed into his overalls and started to work on whatever Bobby gave him.
“I’m not fond of you doing this on your own, but I understand it,” Balthazar allowed. “Do call out immediately if you need reinforcements, cousin.”
“Forty-two! Please, check your numbers. Forty-two?” Samandriel was on tiptoes looking for the customer holding ticket number forty-two.
“Don’t worry, people with that kind of attitude don’t last long under Sheriff Mills and I’m glad she runs things that way. She has no tolerance for intolerance and neither do I.”
“No. I’m too exhausted from yesterday and today. It needs to be done. I don’t know if there is any other way, so I’m trusting my older brother. Just don’t get yourself hurt.” Gabriel gave him a long, serious look.
“I asked you where you all have been! Anna, stop and answer me!” Her anger and annoyance were palpable.
opinionated fourteen year old daughter always got into heated arguments with her grandparents. One night, John had brought up Lisa, and that made Emma go off.
proud of you, son. Your mother and I have always had our doubts that you’d have the balls to take over all this one day. That you’d be savvy and ruthless enough to be at the helm, but Hell, I was mistaken!” He  scratched the back of his head. “Only thing I can say is you missed an opportunity to get something more out of us. You should’ve gone for the jugular. All this could’ve been yours right now.” He raised his hands indicating the entire house. “I really thought I’d picked the wrong son. I’d been thinking I should’ve chosen Lucifer, but he’s always been much too much of an egotistical narcissist. He’d run things into the ground within ten to twenty years. Nope. You're definitely our golden boy.”
The others were waiting when they walked into the barn. Jack ran over to Clark, eager to tell his news.
“It’s alright. Really, I’m very flattered that you would want to bestow me with the honor of that title.” Benny placed his hand over heart and bowed slightly to Jack. “I’ll tell you what, you discuss it with your father first, then we can talk about it. There’s a lot of responsibility that comes with the title, and though I am definitely up for it, you’ve got to ask yourself, too, if you’re ready to be my nephew and all that goes along with that. You know I might like to have uncle time once in a while, say to go fishing together or toss a football, and I’ve been known to enjoy a ballet or two. My favorite is The Nutcracker every Christmas.”
When Dean went back for seconds, he was glad he’d ordered so much, because six teenagers sure could eat a lot. Benny had followed to toss his plate away and to help Dean. He rubbed Dean’s shoulder with deep familiarity, put items on his plate without even asking if that’s what Dean wanted, and carried his second helping back to the table, all without any communication between the two of them about the food, only about some dispute over a meal they’d eaten decades ago, before they ever lived in Cottonwood Falls.
Castiel just sat calmly, still cooing soothing words. Inside all Castiel could think about was, ‘why did I kiss the top of his head?! Please, just let him not even remember that, please!’  The only answer he had as to why he kissed the top of Dean Winchester’s head while the man was having a panic attack, was because he remembered holding his children like this throughout their lives to sooth them, and it was just an unconscious, natural involuntary, fatherly action that just kicked in. He was still mortified.
“They’re going to do shock treatments on Castiel! They’re going to shock our baby brother!” She was screaming and hoarse, and had tears and snot running down her face. She began gagging and retching before her brothers could get to her. She vomited and passed out in her own puddle of sickness. The brothers were able to rouse her, get her up, and bring her inside. They gave her water and cleaned her up, before she could get the full story out.
Not like Lisa had hit him. That’s why he left her. She hit him and he couldn’t take it anymore. He packed his and the kids bags, left the divorce papers on the table and then he was gone. He took the dog too. Miracle
Dean looked at it all, tossed the receipts, popped a piece of gum in his mouth and offered the others to his friends. He checked the flannel pants for pockets, shoved everything in the two spacious front pockets and tossed Benny the nails, shrugging.
“You’re right. We can stop at that makeup store in that strip mall near the bus station. Maybe they can help us figure out how to hide these bruises without looking like we’re actually wearing makeup.”
Now if only the damn moving truck would show up, he could get some stuff unpacked and get his kids some food because they were hungry.
They’d leave him alone eventually. The men would ask him about his leg but the women would try to pet Miracle and he would have to pull her away from them.
“Oh, good day, sir. How can I help you? Would you like to try a Threesome Banana Split or some Fudge Nipple?” Samdriel’s blue eyes smiled at him.
Chuck walked around the side of his desk. He looked once more at the large accordion file with an angry look and gave Michael a pat on the arm and put his hand out. “I don’t like to admit being bested, in fact, I downright hate it and could spit nails right now, but at least it was by my own son, and you’re being fair.” He closed his eyes as he shook his head. “Come now, Michael, me eating this crow is just another business and life lesson for you. Be a gracious loser. Then use that trust you gain to learn every crack in your opponent’s armor, if you can, to win back the upper hand.”
Castiel clung to him and put his head quietly down on his older cousin’s shoulder. He said nothing, but stared vacantly off as Balthazar twisted his body side to side, rocking Castiel as he pet his back and whispered soft words of fond love in French to the boy. Chubby hands reached into the blonde locks, curling and combing at the nape of his neck.
“That’s just an excuse to hold your emotions at arm's length. Fine. It’s more than I thought you’d tell.”
Gabriel was sitting on the library steps with two large cups of coffee when Michael pulled up to parallel park on the street out front. The librarian had yet to unlock the front doors and Gabriel was enjoying the dappled sunlight moving across the porch as the light autumn morning breeze raised and bowed the large oak branches around the building. He watched lazily as Michael bent to retrieve the backpack of files from the backseat. He noticed that Michael had on large dark shades, his hair was a bit mussed and though he had on different clothes, there were no crisply ironed creases, the button up shirt was not buttoned up completely and it definitely was not tucked into his jeans. He leaned into the car one last time and came out with a cup tray of two large coffees and a croissant in his mouth.
Once again, his bad luck had come on a Thursday. His life seemed like a string of good, broken by terrible, life changing Thursdays. He really couldn’t remember the first bad Thursday he ever had, but the first one he ever remembered was when he was not yet a teenager and was watching his younger brother. Sammy decided he was going to fly like Superman and jumped off a roof, breaking his arm. Dean had to bike it all the way to the hospital, broken-armed Sammy on his handlebars.
“Good for you, Benny. I’m glad to hear at least one person in the house is concerned about healthy eating.” Sam looked at the pile of pizza and cheesy bread on Dean’s plate. “You’d do well to follow Benny’s lead. Look at your plate, Dean. Not a fresh green thing in sight.”
Castiel and Gabriel slightly shocked at the amount of information spilling forth from Claire and and Jack just sat silently, glancing at each other once in a while.
Castiel turned to tilt his head at Dean as he reached the bottom. Dean put two fingers to his temple in quick salute and turned his wheelchair towards the door.
He opened the door for Little Missy, as he’d decided to call her until he found out otherwise, to run out and do her business.  He left the door open wondering if she’d just run off or come back in. He really wanted to find her home if she still had one, but he was aware that people often came to the country to dump unwanted pets. He couldn’t imagine doing that to such a sweet dog, but he’d seen the works of too many bad people while working in the trauma center of two major cities. Sometimes humans weren’t very humane.
Gabriel felt a tear roll down his cheek as he watched Castiel’s face break into a rare almost-smile. Almost-smiles were the most that anyone had seen from him in years. Outright laughter had been extinguished from the small being for three years now. Gabriel had forgotten what Cassie’s laughter had sounded like until one day he pilfered several VHS cassette tapes of happier times. He almost threw them all away one day when he was struggling particularly hard with ever saving his brother. Anna found him drunk in his room at fourteen, rewinding and replaying one long clip of Castiel laughing ebulliently. The rest he’d tossed in the waste basket by his desk, feeling hopeless and lost. She saved them, helped sober him up and they made a pact to save their brother no matter the cost.
Benny picked up their meal and two bottles of green tea. He’d gotten them a large Grilled Tuna Caesar Salad to split with extra dressing, a Key Lime Pie for dessert and two plates to split their meal. He thought it’d be enough to tide Castiel over without weighing him down on the job, and leave enough room for them to not be over full if they ate a slice or two of pizza later at Dean’s. As he exited the restaurant, he waved as he saw the deputies drive past heading towards the school.
“Mr. Winchester, I’m going to place my hand on your arm to help ground you if I have your permission.”  Castiel said quietly.
“Shhh. But no, not really, something supposedly akin and related, but not them.” Michael looked around the room suspiciously. “I personally think it’s just some BS line Dad was feeding me to keep me interested and in line. Who knows what’s true anymore.”
He quickly grabbed the pitcher, filled the small pink cup to the brim, shoved the bendable straw in and held it to Dean’s mouth. Dean backed his head away at being treated like an infant, but the sight of the cold water and his thirst overcame him, and he eagerly leaned into the straw and sucked the icy liquid down in one go. He looked up to see the doctor filling his cup again, thankfully. This time he was waiting and ready to take the straw in his mouth and suck down a second cup. As he was drinking he looked down at the long fingers holding the cup for him. They were slender and long, and Dr. Novak used them and held them in such an elegant way. strength and tenderness would be an apt description. Dean sucked on the straw creating a large slurp sound as he emptied it again.
“Oh, I saw them sightseeing in town on Saturday. The Doc had a nosebleed ins the middle of the street. Then, saw them again out at dinner Saturday when Lee and I went to Kellum’s. Really sweet, smart kids. Close too. They’re twins, so of course they’re close. But good hearted kids. Gave me a chuckle.” Benny grunted as he helped Dean into the wheelchair as Miracle watched from the cab. He got Dean’s feet situated in the foot rests, and closed up the truck after Miracle jumped down.
“That being said, Each person that participated in the violence that occurred today, did it of their own volition, knowing there would be consequences. Even if it was done to protect or defend the target, the innocent or the weaker, violence was still the choice. Protection does not mean one has to lash out, it can be achieved through restraint as well.”
It turned out it was a lot. Sam had to park down the street past the courthouse. Saturdays were usually busy on Broadway Street, but between the art gallery having a new opening, the normal tourists in town for the weekend, and the crowd at the new ice cream store, parking was at a minimum. Surprisingly, though there were at least twelve customers, he only recognized a couple of faces in the little sweet shop. Sam was glad to see that the new store was doing a brisk business.
“I think I’m just going to wait here until the buses bring us home. I don’t have anyone else to call to get me home and my stepfather works late and usually goes out afterwards.”
“Okay so… I have this ring. I want to ask Michael to marry me but I… I don’t know if he would say yes. What if something goes wrong?”
“No, no thanks. Look you don’t have to stick around. I appreciate what you did for me. But I don’t want to keep you.”
“The pleasure was all mine, darling. No return will ever be necessary or I’m not even sure adequate. I hold you in such high regard, Mon Ange. It was an honor.” He grabbed Castiel’s hand and brought it to his lips. Castiel laughed softly.
“Well, I was wondering why, if someone is gay, why they don’t just come out and say it like I did, but Ben says some people are mean and hurt people or try to make them not gay. I thought that was only in the olden days.” Jack explained. “Like they all think my father is or maybe gay. But I think if he was he’d already have told us a long time ago.”
After Sam left, Dean called the Council Grove Post Office to get the information they needed. He went back into his office to try to go through Lisa’s files looking for information on a post office box, a key, or find anything that could be a box number and combination. Finding nothing, he decided to pull some of her old closed out wedding and event files. He’d already gone through the renovation, supplies and other business overhead files. Lisa was sneaky when she wanted to be, so it was these files or her home decor files.
“I know, we can still talk when we get home, can’t we? Mr. Lafitte is with us in the barn. No, just us kids and Mr. Lafitte. Yes. Emma and Ben said they heard coyotes last week. If you’re on your way now, stop by the barn so you can see the sheep.”
proud of you too, Cassie.” He grabbed Castiel and hugged him tightly. “I’m going to go before I start crying happy tears again.”
“Well, you do that! But if I don’t hear back before noon, you can bet your sweet ass my lawyer and I will be walking in the bank doors. I'll be waiting here with my lawyer!” Dean slammed his phone down. “Mr. Etatron is unavailable until next Wednesday! How convenient for him! They have all of my messages, and yours, they will have the assistant bank manager call before 5pm!”
He then walked into the kitchen where Cas was. Gabe and Michael had been talking to their brother and left when Dean came in.
“Yeah, I’m good.” Castiel looked at him earnestly. “I am good. It’s fine. You can get up. I’m, I’m ok.”
“No! Not at all. Any time. Mi camino es tu camino.” Dean smiled, looking up at Castiel. Castiel looked down at him. He did not think the smile reached Dean’s eyes and searched for a reason why.
Dean maneuvered himself on to the bed and under the covers. He was tired but wired. He turned on the TV, as Miracle jumped up next to him and climbed into his lap. He bent his head down to snuggle her in a hug and was immediately engulfed by the light scent of a heady cologne. He raised his head baffled as to why she smelled that way. He looked up at the television as he thought and was presented with the yearning blue eyes of Jake Gyllenhaal as Jack Twist, reaching over to pull Ennis’ hand under the covers and onto his crotch.
Castiel patted her arm. “I love you, baby, but I need to be alert for the turn-in to the driveway, so you all help me find the reflector that should be coming up shortly.
Dean appeared to have ordered enough food for thirty people. There were thirteen pizzas, three orders of cheesy bread and an extra large salad. He was still full from the grilled tuna and Caesar salad. But he knew that Dean, and sometimes even Sam, went overboard ordering, due to an entire childhood of food anxiety.
“Uncle Gabe, can I ride in the police car with you to go back home or to Mr. Winchester’s house? I want to play with the police siren and lights.” Jack asked excitedly.
“Well, just tell the guy that you’d like to see him, but have to keep it from our parents. Tell him you have to pretend to just be friends,”
“No!” Emma yelled. “And if he did, why would you want a broken person to be with your dad? You don’t even know what you’re talking about! Uncle Benny loves us, loves my dad, and so do Uncle Lee and Pamela, and my dad loves them. My dad deserves happiness just as much as your dad!”
Castiel jumped in his car, and quickly pulled out of the half-circle driveway. He followed the driveway around towards the garage, until he saw where it led off towards the gravel road that led to his place. There were a couple of hedgerows and a gently sloping hill, then the road curved around a small pond and a short row of trees, coming out by the far side of his carport. Total time was 2.25 minutes. Castiel shrugged. “No speed limit on private property.”
“Of course, they are more than welcome, Cas. The more the merrier. They shouldn’t sit home by themselves when I have plenty of space, plenty of food, and we always enjoy lots of company.” He nodded to Claire and Jack. ”They could even ride home with Emma and Ben, or Benny and me, if it’d make it easy on you.”
They were the last ones to arrive back at the office, which besides being crowded with parents, was now also being filled with a trickle of suspended students and their backpacks. They decided to wait in the hall until there was more room. Gabriel squeezed next to Dean thinking that he could give his brother a little one on one time with his new beau.
Things went swiftly downhill from there. Five weeks after her first seizure, Lisa was no longer mobile on her own and had difficulty getting her hands and arms to do simple tasks. She spent her time just being with the children and eventually just watching them. She was on home hospice care within another three weeks and could barely speak coherently. She’d go catatonic for minutes at a time that became increasingly longer periods.
“Look, Sam, I’m sorry I’m on edge. I’m sorry it’s causing you distress to see me upset, and I’m sorry you don’t like seeing me this way, but just leave it alone, because I don’t want to talk about it.” Dean wheeled closer to the edge of the porch by the railing. “I’ve got too much on my mind to deal with this other thing right now.”
“Oh. I was just worried about the way Mr. Lafitte pays so much attention to Mr. Winchester. I don’t want him to hurt my dad if he’s the one my dad had the date with that I told you about,” Claire whispered back.
“That’s good baby, that’s good” she patted his hands. “You’re such a good boy. Sissy and Gabe love their good boy.” He just nodded and cry-laughed more.
“No. I don't want to hear the usual it's all a part of your job. You went above and beyond for me, and I want...I need…. to...you” Dean ran his fingers through his hair and put his head down taking ragged breaths. “Damn. Dammit.” He whispered to himself.
Little Missy looked from the children to Castiel with a worried look. Castiel just stood watching and laughing and reached down to pet her as he laughed louder. Seemingly understanding that it was playtime, the dog barked twice at the flailing mound on the sofa, then jumped on top barking loud and burrowing her nose into the blanket.
“These are from my brother’s shop. I thought you may be hungry for breakfast if you happened to sleep late or just that you may want to sample some of his wares.”
“May I please have a drink of water? Please, I’m so thirsty.” Castiel looked over at his patient feeling awash in guilt.
Gabriel went into the juvenile protective aspect of law enforcement, because of what his parents had put his brother through. Whereas Michael, Anna and he knew from experience, and at an early age, to keep their mouths shut regarding disobedience to their parents, difference of opinions on anything that went against The Church’s teachings, such as going to church regularly on Sundays and all Holy Days of Obligation, confession, Holy Communion, premarital sex and “living in sin” without benefit of church marriage, certain feelings they may have in regard to everything from homosexuality to abortion, and questioning belief in church dogma, Castiel was so open and innocent and seemed to prefer the same sex from a very young age, that he didn’t even perceive that there could be wrong in liking another human being in any way.
Dean let Miracle down and rolled over towards the pile of mail. He directed her to pick up some of the pieces until she got the main piece he was concerned about. He went to the kitchen and got out a fresh can of dog food.  He looked at the bowl on the floor and shook his head. He could probably reach it easier if it weren’t in the little alcove. He was in no mood the try to wheel into the small space. He reached in a drawer and grabbed a small cooking pot, filled it with water and placed it out for Miracle. He took one of the plates out of the dish drainer, dumped out the contents of the can and placed it on the floor. Miracle ate a small amount as he watched, but she must have been well-fed by the Doc, because she did not seem too interested in finishing it.
Uncle Benny like Dr. Novak and they got into a fight over him and never spoke again? Their family would be torn apart. What was she supposed to do? She just had to make sure everyone stayed happy, and try to make sure no one got mad at anyone.
After an hour and a half, he still could not figure out what he was missing. He knew from experience not to call the bank to rant over something he was unsure he was in the right or wrong about, and this time he did not have Lisa to smooth over ruffled feathers he had left behind. And then it hit him. Lisa.
After years of being with her and putting up with her, he finally had enough and filed for divorce. He signed the papers, took the kids and left.
By the time Benny and Lee were satisfied that they had completed the set up to their satisfaction and thought Dean had everything he needed, they were the last guests left. Everyone had slowly trickled out after having said their goodbyes and giving Dean their well-wishes and hugs.
“Au contraire! You always obeyed them anyway, at least to all appearances, but I’m the one who’s always fought with them over most things. See, but I use my humor to get what I want. Most times it worked, but not always.” Gabriel pointed a finger skyward in emphasis.
He picked his guitar back up and began to sing and play along to the last song on that side of the album, Take Your Time.
“Wait. Are you really saying that’s all true?” Gabriel couldn’t get the amused, incredulous grin off his face.
“I’m sorry. I just—it’s been so long, watching Cassie go through all this, learning bit by bit what they’ve been doing…And then today…” Michael hushed her and looked her in the eyes.
“No, if you don’t treat me nicely, I don’t think I will give it to you.” He smirked at his older brother. Gabriel could see Michael’s face getting red with anger, even in the dim lighting.
Michael moved across the room and went behind the desk. There was a large ornate golden frame holding an elaborate antique oil painting with a brass title plate that read:  “St. Michael Slaying the Serpent.” Michael pushed on the frame until they heard a click and then he pulled the framed artwork away from the wall like a door on a hinge. This revealed a large wall safe.
They made real plans together, moved to this idyllic small town, bought the farm, planted acres of Christmas pines, corn and pumpkins. They began building a life that rarely included midnight screams, smell of blood, and visions of his hands forced to do unspeakable things to his own men. Eventually, they found out they were going to have twins. Dean decided that the normal course of action for most people would be to ask Lisa to marry him. They were married at the parish church of her hometown, where her disapproving parents still lived. Life seemed to get better and better. They went on vacations, made fast, true friends, bought the second farm, and expanded their business.
“The pointless fax is crumpled up on the floor somewhere in there!” Dean nodded back towards the room he just blew out of.
Miracle was whimpering, wagging her tail and going from her place next to Dean, to the edge of the porch, to Castiel, and back to Dean again.
“I’ve got green. Look at spinach, artichoke, bell peppers and olives.” Dean tilted his plate for Sam to see. “I’m even eating vegetarian pizza!”
“Though they may act like it once in a while, they're not infants.” He smiled. “He’s more than welcome. Besides, Jack and him seem to have hit it off well.”
“That’s Mr. Winchester. Please, I need… can you just go get my dog?” Dean took another deep breath and picked the mail up off his lap to finish going through. He felt he needed to do something or to hit someone, and finishing checking his mail seemed to be the best alternative.
“Let’s just say a few personal experiences I had as a teenager that left me wanting to make sure other kids never had to deal with the same things.”
They straightened the office, closed the hearthstone, and Anna came back with an empty school backpack to put all the files in. They replaced the office trash from the desktop in the wastebasket and carefully place it back under the desk, after wiping the outside down. They closed the office door and went up to Michael’s room.
Dean spent his time updating the farm website and checking the competition. It was a business practice he had made into a ritual every change of holiday and season. He wanted competitive pricing, but also wanted to be sure he had unique attractions, products, and souvenirs. He updated his list of crafts people that worked making thanksgiving wreaths and swags.
“My father used to suffer from panic attacks. He had been held as a prisoner of war during the Korean War. This was the only thing that worked sometimes.” The nurse spoke earnestly as he continued.
“Good, so they’re allowed to do their homework?" Dean asked. “I’ll make sure they all get it done first thing. I’ll even hold off the snacks for the first fifteen-twenty minutes, to make sure they get started properly.”
“Alright, let me make sure we have all your things together,” Lee turned to start looking through the closet and drawers.
“Claire, come on. This is a cool car. Right Jack?” He turned around to look at his son. Jack just shrugged. Castiel shook his head and sighed.
Dean could hear the nurse breathing deeply in time to the words. He could feel the dizziness begin to dissipate.
Dean’s face immediately got hot again, and he felt the edge of anxiety nudging him towards full blown panic. He really did not want to be in here while the orderly cleaned HIS piss off the floor. He wished the earth would swallow him up right now. Just as he was thinking that, there was a quick knock on the door and it opened before he could speak. The orderly burst into the room with a mop and bucket, and some spray bottles and cleaning rags.
“Don’t get us killed before we save Castiel!” Gabriel yelled. “I’m not going to be the lone oldest kid dealing with this by myself if they call the police on you or something! Michael, I’m scared and wouldn’t know what to do.”
“Aren’t you going the wrong way, Dad?” Jack asked as he swiveled his head around watching the last sliver of pink turning to violet-blue as the night fell and pin-pricks of starlight began to appear.
deserved the acknowledgment of his gratefulness to the doctor, Castiel. Castiel? It was an intriguingly unique name.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ve heard this before, but somehow, I’m getting screwed and nobody can seem to tell me where it’s coming from. All I know is that it’s my a—”
Dean got the feeling the man had a propensity for formalities and did not enjoy allowing customers being familiar enough to use his first name. By this time, Dean thought he was going to dry up and turn to dust before he ever found out anything. He rolled his eyes at Sam and sunk his head to his chest.
Castiel let out a low growl, forcefully turned Benny around, and shoved him forward over the desk. Benny normally was not one to favor the receiving position, but wanted to give Castiel what he needed for his first time and everything Castiel had done so far was nothing short of exquisitely pleasurable. Castiel leaned over Benny chest to back, nibbling at his neck and ear, one hand had reached up and was holding Benny’s jaw, the other he’d reached around to find Benny’s hard member twitching for attention. He shoved his own cock between the buttocks and pressed himself into them harder. He released Benny’s jaw and kissed down his back.
Gabriel thought he was really going to enjoy working with them. They seemed to both have a great sense of humor as well, and in his book a sense of humor went a long way.
Michael felt his gut wrench. He was nervous about confronting his parents, but he was unprepared for them to initiate communication at this point. The tone of his mother’s voice felt like a lead weight in his stomach. He’d heard her use that voice before, but he used to actually think she was concerned about him or whatever the discussion was about. Now, all he felt was sadness and anger, especially when he heard her next words. It made him think that any other parental concern she or Chuck had shown throughout the years was just more ways to manipulate them.
“Yes, that’s good, because that way Castiel can be distracted playing games, so he won’t miss us too much until we get back.” Gabriel agreed.
“It means it took you long enough to get your head out of your ass and realize that you had Cas all along.”
“Look at their precious little black legs, nose, eyes and ears! Awww!” Kaia got down on her knees next to Claire to pet the sheep through the openings in the stall.
“I’d probably cut my fingers off trying to go that fast.” Kaia shivered. “I've seen people doing them fast like that in competitions at fairs and rodeos. I don’t like it, because sometimes they go too deep, or just get a little careless when they’re doing it so fast, that they injure the sheep. She closed her eyes and shook her head trying to get rid of the memory of seeing some sheep hurt.
“I first wanted to say that I’m a twin and my sister, Claire, my big sister, was born just before me. But then my mom had bad things happen while they were waiting for me to come out. It took a long time and my mom did not make it. And because bad things happened, it made me different than Claire. But she looks out for me and I look out for her.” He did a little wave to his sister.
He went to the cupboard, poured some Cheerios in a bowl, filled the water bowl again and left to his car. He came back inside, turned the television on to Animal Planet, pet the dog on its head and left again. He hoped he would not come home to find the sofa eaten or the door scratched up.
Sam thought for a second trying to process the sexual terms into terms of food flavors. He didn't think any creams or extra sauces would be a good idea until the twins were feeling better.
“It really rubs me the wrong way.” Dean ran his hand back and forth on his chin. “I didn’t pay much attention to the people in the office when we went in, beyond numbers and genders. Maybe Deputy Barker or Castiel’s brother, Deputy Novak, could look into the man?” Dean frowned. “Reminds me too much of my dad and growing up pretty much alone. I wonder where the mother is?”
Dean nodded, still smiling, but the smile from his eyes became an intense gaze. He had never really seen the Doc smile a real smile that touched his eyes in the way it was doing now. The blue became even bluer…if such a thing was possible. He had soft laugh lines around his eyes which were sparkling with a mischievousness. Dean’s eye was drawn to Castiel’s smile. Beautiful white teeth with just a hint of gums showing. Yes, this was a genuine happy smile, not just “pleasant doctor” shit.
Castiel felt the tears streaming down his face. He couldn’t breathe or he’d sob. He put the phone down and used both hands to wipe his eyes. Then let out a long held breath and took in several deep breaths before picking up the phone again.
Dean leaned closer into Castiel’s chest. He could feel the doctor’s deep voice rumble soothingly in his chest. Like an intoxicating palliative, he felt a need to curl up against the strength and press his ears against the steady thump of Castiel’s heart.
Castiel clearly could not hold his liquor as well as Dean could and promptly fell asleep on his shoulder. Dean didn’t want to move so he laid down on the couch and was aware that Castiel was pressed up against him. Cas was so cute when he snored. Dean turned off the tv and went to sleep.
Castiel watched him as he worked, appreciating every nuance of the man before him. Even through his long sleeved shirt, the muscles of his arms could be seen and each sinew twisting and tightening. Benny was the epitome of cat-like grace and “strong silent-type.” Simplicity personified. He did nothing extra in his movements or speech. His clothing was clean-lined and simple, but dignified and with an old world elegance even through its casualness. His speech was short, but always to the point and laden with deeper meaning. Yet, in his simple actions and depth of caring attentiveness, Benny was above and beyond most any other person Castiel had ever known.
“Wow, I’m glad I never said anything in front of them, or asked Benny about how their date went,” he said to himself. He’d have to make sure he didn’t say anything in front of any of the kids, or in front of anyone else for that matter. He’d hate to out the doctor accidentally, even though Castiel didn’t seem like he was making much of a secret about it at the market Sunday. Obviously, at least his daughter, Claire seemed to think he was, but she wasn’t sure if he was gay, bi or pan. His son Jack had no opinion that Sam could discern. Jack just seemed to think his dad did everything for them and didn’t date because he didn’t want to take time away from them. He wanted his dad to have someone and be happy and he didn’t care what gender, as long as they were nice and cared for his father.
Dean flipped the card back to the images of the products. “Thanks, Doc! This Bi Pie was right up my alley!”
“Oh, your brother is the one that replaced the old doc that just passed in that tragic accident.” She shook her head. “That’s always such a terrible thing when someone is all set to retire and they end up dying. Town’s lucky your brother could be available sooner.”
“It might be easier if you set your box down and grab a glass from the cabinet. My friends somehow didn’t think about my inability to reach for extra glassware or plates from the high cabinets. The stuff in the dishwasher is dirty.”
“Next time you all decide to go off with your sister or little brother, you must inform me. I am his mother and need to know his whereabouts, and especially with whom he is playing. Besides, if you knew your cousin was coming in to visit, you could at least be around to greet him when he arrives. I’m very busy and don’t need a kink in my schedule to wreak havoc with my time.” She looked at the three of them. “I really do not like this new trend of the 1980s with wearing sunglasses constantly.” She shook her head and walked off.
“I know your niece and nephew are going to be in that truck too, but you seem a little more in a hurry than just being concerned about your kinfolk.” She eyed him with amused suspicion.
“So, wait. Let me get this straight.” Claire sounded even angrier now. “Your mom only died like five years ago and your dad has dated all these people since then, and you want Jack and I to help you break up any chance he has with Mr. Lafitte, because you want your dad to date my dad!? NO, you don’t get to play with my dad’s heart like that!”
“Oh, my! Gabriel, whatever happened to your face?” Balthazar grabbed his chin and turned his face back and forth, inspecting the bruises, cuts and makeup.
Dean watched the door closing on his words. He doubted the doctor heard them. The doctor probably wouldn’t care if he
“That I am gay and was going to the Farmer’s Market to ask his best friend out on a date,” Castiel let out quickly and grimaced.
“Well, I am glad to see that you’re doing OK. Please continue to stay off of your leg and you’ll most likely heal, if not faster, at least better than if you use that leg before you should.”
“And it looks like you’re just missing him again.” Chris pointed ahead as they watched the truck full of kids and black Charger following behind pull out of the school parking lot.
Castiel furtively watched Dean. He could see the frustration and how difficult this all was on such an independent man as Dean.
He ran around the corner towards the restroom hallway and peeked around the edge to watch his brother. Behind him he felt the hostess quietly walk up to spy with him.
“Oh! I’m terribly sorry!” She reddened down her chest and up to the tip of her ears. “I just assumed—I thought since you were together, that…I just—I am sooo sorry.”
“What? A conference? That don’t sound good. Let me close up the barn and I’ll be right with you. Over.”
Dean whistled for Miracle again. “Good. Can't have our new doctor going hungry. Let’s get in and get you fed. Come on girl. Miracle!” He whistled again.
“Alright, being that I’m wholly uninterested in this Dr. Sexy character, and Dean is probably tired of all of us by now and needs his rest, I’m heading out.” Jo leaned over, kissed Dean on the side of his mouth and said her goodbyes to the rest of the group.
“Never apologize. That’s what real family is for and we’ll get through it together.” Gabriel assured him. “I don’t think you’ve created trauma in the children, but—”
“But the important thing is that you have prospects.” Balthazar gushed. “It’s been a long time, Cassie Dear. We’re just here for moral support. Okay. Here’s my stop. I love you. I will talk to you soon, my love.”
“No. If she’d have had a collar, I’d have returned her posthaste. However, being that you were in the hospital that still would have been a bit difficult.”
Castiel soon had Benny’s shirt untucked, and his own lifted, just to press their bodies together and feel the subtle thrill of silky skin over hard muscle beneath his hands.
Castiel had turned from admiring the blueprints to look at Dean when he mentioned Lisa. “Oh?” He inquired.
“I’ll return with her as quickly as possible. I’m sorry.” Dean ignored him and was frantically opening an envelope.
“Oh, Castiel. Good. You’re here. Come this way to look at the Dogs.” She said and the three of them followed her. There were so many types of Dogs. Big dogs and small dogs. Fluffy and hairy ones.
“Hell, we should retain a lawyer and go all the way and just have custody granted to us legally. Force them to give us custody.” Gabriel jumped up, excited. “Michael, I really think we need to do it.”
His phone rang. He was thinking it might be Sam, but looked at the clock. He’d probably still be in court.
The entire trip, including retrieving the post box contents, took barely over an hour. The box was nearly filled to capacity. A few months later, whether it was paid or not, he was sure the Post Office would’ve been trying to get in contact with him. He decided, with everything going on with the children, that he would not even look at the envelopes and packets. He could wait for Sam. He didn’t need to get upset or angry when he was going to have a houseful of kids that had had a bad day already. He was an expert at stuffing things down when he wanted to.
“I will. I’m going to have a great day!” He smiled, waved and went to get his backpack from the car.
“Hey Dad.” Emma said and gave him a hug. Ben gave him one too. He hugged them back. They both looked so much like their mother, Lisa. He missed her. She was buried in the back. The family cemetery.
It was at that moment, He noticed Mr.Winchester had stopped cleaning. Castiel had the distinct impression that he was being stared at. His wiping slowed to a stop in place on the spot on the blanket…that now seemed a bit higher and firmer than it had before. Castiel felt his own accursed hand involuntarily press the towels down to double check what he thought he was feeling as he tilted his head up to meet a scalding, but surprised startling green-eyed gaze from his patient. He stood upright, quickly removing his hand and averting his eyes.
Dean closed his eyes and lay his head back picturing what it’d be like to be in bed with a pile of women. That’d have to be an awfully large bed or one of those exotic harem rooms with cushions and pillows everywhere. He imagined some type of “I Dream of Jeannie” bottle room filled with beds and women and beer and him laying in the middle of it. Arms and legs, hands and lips, breasts and butts, running all over his body.  He rubbed his dick through his pants and sighed.
Is it so important That you’d torture two of your children over it? And what if Gabriel and I also objected, in person, in front of others like she was horrified and brave enough to do? Would we be next on the list for insanity hearings?”
“Yes, thank you so very, very much.” Dean chimed in, rolling his eyes. Sam gave him an exasperated look, so he added with the most sincere voice he could muster, “I look forward to receiving your faxes and please thank your secretary as well.”
Castiel grimaced and shook his head. “I told him that we had to have a discussion about that first. I’m sorry, Benny.”
She began to summarize the story of the students that were in the auditorium by saying they said the fight began because a student there in the cafeteria had initiated the physical altercation by landing the first blow. There was some mumbling, but Claire stood abruptly, slamming her palm on the table and yelled out they were lying about her brother being the instigator.
“Oh, go on, then child!” Naomi was not one for patience with silly childish fears of the dark or monsters in the closet.
“Great, because my niece and nephew are starting today. They’re a little nervous. Maybe I’ll catch sight of them before they go in.”
Castiel handed Dean his plate and fork, and gave him a paper napkin he pulled from the full napkin holder on the island.
“I’m just going to go up, knock on the door and give this to him. Maybe check and see if he needs help or anything else, since he’s alone right now as far as I know. You both can just wait in the car. I should be right back.”
“Yeah, she had told me I could hang them in my office if I liked them that much, but when they came back from the framers and she saw them, she fell in love with them, and insisted they be hung here as a centerpiece of the home. It was where I’d wanted them in the beginning. Sometimes she had difficulty understanding my creative vision, but she usually came around.”
“Oh, I am more than up for it. I’d be in the room right there with you if you’d give me the go ahead. I’m all in.” Balthazar vowed.
“Cher. What’s the plan? Crutches or wheelchair? I thought Ca—The Doc told you to stay off the crutches for at least five weeks.” Benny gave Dean a look as he gently took the crutches out of Dean’s grasp. “You’re not going to need these. Not while I’m keeping an eye on you. Remember, you have kids, family, who rely on you to be 100%. Not gonna let you mess that up because you want to walk into the principal’s office.”
“Hello, Cassie. I hope you don’t let all the feral country locals come beating down your door to have a tryst with the new physician in town?”
“I agree with Jack and Claire.” Clark chimed in. “Your dad has a track record and theirs doesn’t. Your dad might just be a man-whore who likes blue eyes and dark hair that he chases until he catches them, then uses them and throws them away.”
“I’d appreciate that, because I just thought of a few more questions.” Castiel looked slyly at Benny.
Claire was pouting, whining, gagging and laughing at the same time as she pulled the blanket off of her and tossed it back on the sofa.
“Oh, you have a sister, too?” Dean nodded. He wondered why, even after such a long, and seemingly intimate day spent together, that he seemed to know far less about the good doctor than everyone else.
Castiel arched an eyebrow, smiled with a provocative, smug arrogance and pulled Benny in for a much less tame kiss. Backing him up against the stall, he cradled the back of Benny’s head with one hand while tucking his other hand beneath his lightweight jacket to hold him around the waist.
“Legal recourse against any maneuvering they may do to have their way would be a smart course of action. Gabe has a good point.” Balthazar agreed.
Before Lisa, he’d been wandering aimlessly, working as a mechanic or in construction, hustling pool, having one night stands with any pretty or handsome face to come along, including his old friend from high school, Lee. At first, he thought it’d be the same with Lisa, but she was steadfast and even. She was patient and peaceful when he was fire and anger. She was calm and soothing when he was tumultuous chaos and pain. He fell into the routine of real life and stability with her. He secretly clung to what he would’ve formerly called “the boring, humdrum existence of the everyday.”
“No I won’t.” And then he walked out. He wouldn’t come back. He pulled out his phone and called Gabriel.
