“Clearly, you weren't actually born here, right?” Tony said looking at the soldiers in front of them, the people milling about. “I mean that would have made the whole boy from Brooklyn thing a lie.”
“How’s it going Ratchet?” Tony said walking into the room, patting Thor on the back as he passed the god.
“Are you sure you can’t take the long way?” Tony had asked but Ty said no and left him standing there. He wasn’t sure of what to do, shoving his hands in his pockets he felt his phone and remembered Steve’s number now in his contacts.
“We have time,” Steve said to him holding him close.
It felt weird, bringing Tony somewhere that him and Bucky had always gone, but he was trying to replace the bad memories with something good. Yes, him and Tony hadn’t known one another for long, have dated for even less time, but there was something there, something that he wanted to hold on to, something special. It was different then his relationship with Bucky, and he saw that now, even as his friendship with Bucky returned to what it had been. They had just been two small town kids, nothing more, but now that they’ve grown up a little, he realized that it would have never lasted. It wasn’t like his parents who had known from day one that they would be together forever, Steve hadn’t had that with Bucky, but for some reason in his heart he had felt that with Tony, and he wanted to cherish it.
“Howard... Potts,” he said holding out his hand.
“FRIDAY,” Tony called out. “Tell the kids to suit up because I’m going to go kill them in a minute, right after I take care of Bruce.”
“Do it, Lang!” Tony said as he watched Pierce try to take the case.
Steve knew that she wasn’t fine, but she still had Clint and his kids to keep her company, as well as the new team that had somehow formed, even though they had gone off towards other planets. So, Steve put them in Tony’s Audi and drove off, their first stop on their journey to find somewhere to settle ended up being a few hours north of the compound. Steve in his search to find a place for them had found an old abandoned property nestled deep in the woods, a huge lake next to the house. He had contacted the real estate company handling the sale and brought it dirt cheap, it had been abandoned for over ten years, mostly because people complained that it was too far away from any kind of civilization for them to live in it long term. People in the town south of the lake had called it a cursed location, but in reality, it just hadn’t had the right owner.
“Uh, yeah, who else would have Tony Stark as their user name if it wasn’t me.”
“I'm sorry. No offense, but you're a very earthly being. Okay? We're talking about space magic. And "can't" seems very definitive don't you think?” Thor said with a slight glee as if they couldn’t understand the severity of what kind of magic was at play.
“You’re coming over for dinner tomorrow too, I told my mom when I got home, about how lonely and sad you were going to be, and she said that there’s always room for you at the table,” Rhodey told him before grabbing him and pulling him into a hug. “Though she was weirded out about the fact that your family left you all alone this weekend.”
“Okay,” Steve said sighing as he pulled into the parking lot, “I’ll be there this weekend, Friday night actually, just make sure that the camping stuff is there and not ripped, I don’t know what Harley and Peter get at when no one is looking, but it would be nice to be able to not freeze to death, I’ll see you then,” he hung up before his parents could get into it again, they were the best he could have asked for, but once they started they wouldn’t stop talking.
“Hello Captain Rogers,” Vision said looking over at Steve. “It is good to see that you two have reconciled.”
“I did, I couldn’t get the Hulk to help out during the invasion, I had to rely on Tony’s tech without really knowing how to use it. It felt like failure to me, I’ve been treating the Hulk like he’s some kind of disease for years, something I had to get rid of.”
As he stood in his dorm room, he knew that this whole thing wouldn’t have been possible if he had died eighteen years ago, he had been lucky that he had been born into the Stark house, that they had the best doctors that money could buy, because not everyone got that lucky. Maria had two babies that she loved, and Howard was beside himself at the fact that Tony had shown signs of being a genius when he was as young as three. He did everything with Natasha by his side, they would have been twins if they could have. She took ballet, like their mother wanted, she absolutely loved it so it was a huge win, while Tony played piano, oftentimes having Loki create elaborate sets for them to dance and play music in, to put on performances for their family.
"She didn-" Tony goes to argue, but Natasha's even look makes him stop, and he knows she's smarter than that and it's not worth the argument in the long run. "I will."
Tony's eyebrows raise, and his heart feels like it's about to burst out of his chest, and all he can manage is a meek. "I love you too."
"He was just telling Steve that he owed him one." she shrugged, leaning back into the couch herself. "and now they're being all weird, Steve's dressing up and Tony." She waved her hand in the free air above her. "He's just always weird."
"Oh I don't know, Hello maybe?" Clint asks behind a laugh and a shake of his head, still trying to calm himself down.
"Hey Clint." Steve tried to keep his tone normal, just a regular afternoon stumbling into the living room and running into a teammate. Not like he had asked Jarvis where to find him, nope. He must have been doing a good job, because Clint barely gave him a grunt in reply, eyes still trained on the television.
Tony just smiles softly, and waves his own phone screen in the air, Steve's Instagram post taking up the screen.
"Hey kids." Sam's voice ripped them apart, Tony nearly jumping back and Steve stumbling himself right into a wall - which would have been bad enough without Sam's laughter and pointing. "You have the reflexes of an elderly golden retriever Rogers."
"The elevator." Tony bent back down over the engine of the bike, like he had been doing before Steve stormed into the workshop.
"Fuck, Steve." He breathes and it seems to be all it takes.
"Mm?" Tony replied, too comfortable to move, too content to ruin a good thing.
"Oh, Please." Tony drawls, pulling open the fridge and grabbing a can of cola. "What in the world could you possibly have to make me jealous?"
"Know?" Tony shook his head, refusing to look at Steve again. "No from the sounds of it no one did, and why would you guys right, Who wants to point out that they had a failed whirlwind relationship with someone that's showing up to your wedding, am I right?"
Taking the towel and drying his hands, Tony couldn't help but shrug, because truly he struggled to believe that. Not only from Steve, but from anyone. He had spent his entire life growing up expected to become his father, but better. Everyone held such high expectations for him, so at any sign of something different he was labeled as a failure. His father had tried everything to shape Tony Stark into his clone, everything except love and support.
"Sometimes too much-"
Pepper's glare stopped him mid sentence, and then she was looking back down at her phone, pacing the room. "They will use any excuse to throw him under the bus." Her voice was tight, and her fingers didn't even hesitate. "Any reason to discount him, as well as the Avengers."
Steve's eyes scanned over the different headlines that Jarvis was feeding him. "And being gay, that's no longer illegal, right?"
That's all it takes for Steve to reach out, hooking a finger into Tony's pants before dragging him forward. Steve's lips are pressed against his hips, and Tony curls his fingers into Steve's hair, holding himself steady. Steve's hands are now working on the zipper, carefully stripping Tony, but his mouth is still placing kisses on to the newly exposed skin.
"Hey, Tony." the voice that came back at him was the same as it ever was, warm and welcoming, and it made tension and anxiety radiate through Tony's core.
Tony looked down at the black box, before he was pushing himself back to sitting on the far side of the couch. Steve wasn't kidding, alarm bells started ringing in his head, and his mouth went dry "What was the speech?"
Tony's thumbs hesitate over his screen, before he finds himself typing. '
She rolled her eyes, actually full on rolled them and Tony was sure they were going to fall out of her head if she did it a second time.
Steve must have read his mind, because a warm hand was now caressing his chin, and was guiding Tony's mouth against his own, in the most chaste careful kiss he had ever experienced. It was a flash, but when it was done, Steve's finger tips were still on Tony's chin, a calloused thumb carefully brushing against his lower lip.
"Just something about weddings that bring everyone together." Sam commented, eyeing both Steve and Tony knowingly as he snatched his jacket and pulled it over his shoulders. "Love in the air really makes people pull heir heads out of their butts, huh?'
Maria and Pepper share a look and then Maria is rolling her eyes and Pepper is shifting her weight from one high heeled foot to the other.
Tony eyed the man, slowly placing himself down onto the couch "Well I'm afraid you've missed midnight by two and a half hours." he glanced at the clock above the door to make sure he wasn't mistaken, he wasn't. "What would you have toasted to?"
He continued scrolling down Tony's page though, most of the photos were Iron Man, the armor, the gauntlet, some were of New York, the view from the penthouse, the view from Tony's office, Selfies galore. The deeper he got, the more the photos varied. Two months ago he posted a photo of Pepper, she wasn't looking at him, she had her back turned, a going theme Steve was starting to think, and was pointing to something on a whiteboard. The caption was a simple red heart.
"Lunch would be great, Tony." Steve matched the grin.  "It's a date."
Tony laughed, gently giving Sam's shoulder two quick pats. "It's okay, buddy. You might still have a chance."
"Shit." Tony couldn't see himself, and the hangover probably wasn't helping, but he felt himself go pale, and his stomach twist. "shit, shit
"It's not a photo." Steve replies instead, angling the screen to fit them both in.
Steve doesn't say much more, but its nearly hours later before he dresses himself and heads out.
Steve looked up at Tony, and found himself pouting. "What's a Tinder?"
"It's being auto piloted-" Natasha cut in. "I've cut the connection from the van but it's being flown from somewhere else. We need to disable the signal."
"You're an idiot." Steve finds himself saying fondly, even a smile is threatening to split his face. "They want me to get a social media presence."
Tony's eyebrows raise, and he immediately checks Sharon off his to be trusted list. "She's not your wife yet." is how he replies though, because he did no wrong, and as a true trouble maker, wants to see where this goes.
He pulled it over his shoulders, buttoning up the front and checking himself out in the mirror. It looked alright, at least it went with his jeans - he didn't have time to change anyways, already running behind.
"I love you."
Tony rolled his eyes, the night not being remembered as fondly from him, and grabbed himself a Ginger-ale."Tony owns Tony's Lexus."
"What did they do this time?" He questioned clearly only catching the back half of the conversation as he made his way to the group, eyes lingering on Tony for only a second, but not saying anything else.
"I can." Tony replied plainly, looking back down at the phone in his hand. "The red bubbles are just updates." He swiped his fingers over the screen again and then it flickered black before lighting up bright and white. "Let it reload and the bubble over your settings will be gone, you'll need to go into the app store and do updates for the other apps." Tony placed the phone on to the table before sliding it back to Steve.
"Please, Nat. Do you seriously not believe I will survive two weeks without you?" Tony asks, but he already knows the answer. She doesn't. So he quickly follows up with. "It's your honeymoon I'm not going to bother you while you're out island hopping and getting laid. I'm sure Pepper can handle me."
"Jesus Rogers." Tony huffs, dropping his wrench onto the work table with a clank. "Can you just give a guy five minutes I told you-"
"No. Steve." Tony rolled his eyes. "I love you, as in I'm in love with you, too."
"Getting upstairs." Tony clicked off his seat belt, before pushing the car door open, but hesitating to step out "My legs feel like jello."
Steve held on tighter as the armor banked upwards to get above the drone.
"Whatever you're calling to tell me." Rhodey said humor lacing his voice. "I don't need to know what trouble Tony Stark got into last night."
Tony nodded in commiseration. "We're damaged goods, Rogers." then he smirked, pressing hard on the enter button, before twisting the laptop to face Steve, clearly logged into the Shield inbox. "I changed your password to something a little easier to remember."
"-Tony, Will you marry me?"
Tony tried to focus back on his work, but it barely lasted thirty seconds before he was sighing and moving to put down both the gauntlet and the screw driver. "Steve, please, I just, I'm having a moment I'll get over it."
Pepper's jaw tightens at the memory and she shakes her head. "It also won't be the last time Steve, just, maybe be a little more careful with what you post, please."
"Of course." Tony had slowed to a walk now. "She said no because we'd be photographed together and people would think we were dating again, and she doesn't want her new boyfriend to have to handle that."
Tony looked up this time, raising an eyebrow at her while reaching for his coffee. "I'm fine Natasha, really." He even managed to flash a smile before taking a sip from the mug. "Please do not tell me that I was the cause of your lack of sleep."
"I know I'm not your boyfriend." Tony scratched at his chin, still avoiding eye contact. "You're private and you like it that way, or at least you did.." finally, he forced himself to look up at Steve. "I guess I just hoped if you were going to come out to the public like that it would be with me."
How fitting, Steve had thought, and at first, was just going to take a picture of the flag and post it. But then Sam caught up, breathless, and sweaty, and Steve's mind fell back to the photo with Natasha, and to his conversation with Pepper.
"You gettin' any of that?" Sam leaned in and quietly asked Bruce, having watched the same thing unfold.
He was sketching in the workshop, having made some excuse about the holographs giving off a certain light that was perfect for drawing. Tony never questioned it. Steve had been quietly sitting, just listening to Tony ramble about equations and programs. Nodding and humming in reply when he felt necessary, to be honest he had lost track of what exactly Tony was babbling about a good forty minutes ago, but he could listen to the mechanics voice all day long without a single complaint.
"What, in this old thing?" Tony waved his free hand over himself, still not great at accepting compliments, and now with Steve being closer he got a sense for how well the other mans suit had been altered to fit him. The way the jacket hugged his broad shoulders, and the pants fit his thighs, Tony once again found himself checking Steve out.  He was so fucked.
"I'm sure last night was great." Tony spoke quickly, trying to act natural and airy "It's just the parts I don't remember that worry me. Who knows what kind of things I could have done, or.." He took a sip from his bottle, still unable to put together the whole night, but the parts he had were bad enough.
"Nearly." Steve admitted with a sigh. "I've been working on it for a while, but my mechanical skill capabilities aren't much better from what they used to be." he circled the bike, a hand cautiously gripping the handlebars. "I've had to order a few specialty pieces, believe it or not parts from the forties aren't easy to come by, but once I have them in it will be good to go."
"Tony has a Facebook, Twitter and an Instagram, all very successful. He has over a million followers on each platform." Pepper answers quickly, like it's common knowledge. And Steve will give her that one, of course Tony has one - or three.
"You're exhausting." Is all Steve replies, but pulls his phone from his pocket anyways and lines up the shot. He closes his eyes and plants his lips smack dab on the side of Clint's face.  When he takes a look at the photo, Clint has managed to pull the most ridiculous, but perfect face.
"You guys, focus" Bruce frowned looking down at his cards before up at the two spies. "I call. Lets see them."
"I'll trust your judgment on that." Steve replied, matching the smirk. "Maybe I can take you for a ride sometime, I bet you look really good riding."
Beyond what was framed, Tony knew there was blankets and chip bags strewn about, and the rest of the team at their most comfortable.  He could still see it in his head, Natasha sprawled out over an entire arm chair, legs dangling over the edge of one arm. Clint wrapped up in blankets and pillows on the floor in front of her. Thor would be on the other end of the couch, a plate carefully balanced on his lap overfilled with pizza, and chips, and other snacks to get him through the 90 minute film.
Steve didn't reply, instead he turned his attention to his completely blank report and prayed that Tony wouldn't notice his blush.
"Look if you don't want to, just say so." Tony said with a shrug, grabbing his glasses from where he had tossed them on the table.
"It makes them more comfortable around you." Maria added quickly. "We're not asking you to post every second of your every day, we just want you to show glimpses into your life, just enough to get people to like you."
Steve couldn't stop the blush rising on his cheeks. Choosing to reply with a kiss, listening as their 80 guests cheered them on.
Carefully, and slowly, Steve removed himself from the edge, feet falling back on to solid ground. Pins and needles shooting up his legs as he did. Tony’s face was set in stone, as he watched every step Steve took. Closer to the door, further from the edge. Literally anyways.
Though twenty minutes into tales of being a coffee shop barista and the Broadway struggle, he was wishing he had started a conversation with Sam.
Tony though, he seems to catch on immediately, and is reaching for Steve's phone off the floor where it had ended up. "Coming for me huh?"
"Please, you weren't really the best at picking out gifts either." Tony explained with a smirk. "Don't make me do this."
"Fine, a murder workshop." Tony mused, stepping in behind Steve.  The insides had clearly been upgraded, clean cement floor with clean white walls. Racks and shelves lined one side, from what Tony could gather most of it was art supplies. On a side desk near a window there were a few half finished canvasses, and some rolled up poster paper. On the other side of the wall were tools, some that Tony recognized and some he could only assume were farm items, but right in the middle of the garage was a bike. "Is that a 1948 Harley WL?"
"Did you know tomato sauce counts as a serving of vegetables, and pasta is just wheat" Clint said just as Steve took his seat, of course across the table from Tony. "So spaghetti technically is healthy."
"Has anyone told you how beautiful you are?" Tony's breath was awful, and Steve couldn't help but laugh at the compliment.
"I had my worries, hey, you removed him from the banned from building list, right?" Tony asked eyeing the strawberry blond, clocking the smirk she got as her long polished finger pressed the elevator call button. "Pepper that's not funny, we still have to talk about that."
"I thought it was pretty endearing actually." Steve had leaned closer, as if to get a look at the sketch Tony held in his hand. It was the closest he had been to Steve in ten years. He could smell the blondes after shave, and make out every new line around his mouth as he spoke. "I remember watching you get these sparks of genius and wondering how it was possible."
"I'm so sorry." Steve finds himself saying, directly to Pepper. "What can I do?"
. And when friends need help, you help - even when you really don't want to, right?
Steve moved his sketchbook, gently tossing it onto the coffee table, along with the charcoal pencil that landed with a clank. "My hands are dirty." He stated, relaxing his body underneath Tony's weight.
Tony looked down at himself, he had left everything at the hotel under the pretense that he would be heading back. He hadn't exactly walked into Steve's house assuming he would be spending the night. Funny how things happen, but Tony's T-shirt and jeans were still clean, and so he shook his head at the offer. Finally unraveling himself from the blankets and sliding off the end of the bed. "I should be fine until I can get back to the hotel." He raised his arms above his head, allowing his back to stretch and crack, groaning as his shirt lifted from the movement,  before settling back on to Steve.
"But I'm not." Steve replied, because he wasn't even from this century, and he fought mad scientists, robots, aliens, and literal creatures from nightmares for a living. He was not
"Because I'm an idiot." Steve says as he cards a hand through his hair. "I don't even know what i was trying to accomplish when I came that day, I had no plan." he sighs, once again using his shirt to wipe away the sweat on his face.
"Do you need something?" Steve says, finally realizing how silly he looks teetering on the edge of as far from Tony as he can get without leaving the couch, and slides back onto a cushion like a regular person.
"You do know the ceremony is over, right?" Steve's voice is light and playful, and a smile immediately spreads across Tony's face just at the sound.
"I mean, besides having a similar build you two are literally opposites, as far as human males can go." Tony explained, in a way only he could. "Actually, no I take that back, you are built like a fucking statue, no one is similar to you."
"Are you coming back tonight?" Clint asked, noticing Tony's obvious reach to get away.
"Yeah she has had to deal with more shit just simply by sleeping with you." Tony's friend laughed again and it almost made him forget why he called in the first place, almost.
"Yeah - Maybe." Clint's voice sounded out of breath as he climbed up the side of a taller building getting a better vantage point. "But it's probably right smack dab in the middle of that highly weaponized center."
It sounds like the start of something very confusing, but if this was ever going to work, Tony figured there would be some difficult navigating ahead of them. He wasn't entirely lying when he said that maybe he'd fly out to See Steve when he could, and maybe Steve should come see him. But they weren't children anymore.
"No, no no. Tony probably came onto Steve and now Steve is just acting weird because he doesn't know how to turn Tony down." Clint acted like it was the most obvious explanation. "The buttons on his shirt were supposed to deter Tony I'm sure of it."
Tony groans as he uncurls himself from around Steve's body. "Good morning." he sweetly whispers against Steve's shoulder, before his warmth is gone entirely.
"And we hit it off like fire and gasoline." Tony quickly added with a roll of his eyes, because he was not going to let Steve recount a love story.
"You need to stop doing that." Tony blurts, eyes instantly falling down to the bare skin being flashed in his direction. "Are Vermont summers always this hot? Have I told you how good you look tonight?" he babbles, he knows it, but he can't help it. Processing a lot while drunk is not a skill he is any good at.
"I don't care what she's doing, send her now. And no-" she paused, green eyes glaring at Tony "Don't tell anyone else and don't cancel anything."
"Right." Steve said, looking back up at his friend. "You're right. I should call Tony."
"I noticed." Steve agreed, though he wasn't joking any more as he put the soap in the dishwasher and closed it. "I've heard what you've been doing with the company Tony, that's really amazing."
"Common mistake." Steve says with a smile, he still looks amazing, though his jacket is undone now and the sun has started to kiss his cheeks from standing out in it for over an hour now. "Can I walk you to the reception?"
It didn't hurt that Captain America had been bringing him soup, and coffee, and more painkillers every single time the 'when can I have my next pill' timer went off.
he replied honestly before adding
"Sleeping." She sighed, into the pillow. "I can't tell them anyways, Sharon would have a meltdown and Clint would just start packing my bags."
"I don't know if I want to get married tomorrow." Natasha flinched as she said the words, also not something that she did often, or at all, but the words obviously held more power than she was comfortable giving them. "Tony. I am freaking out, what do I do?"
Tony didn't want to get involved, but he figured he had a few minutes wait for the cab anyways since he was trapped in the middle of nowhere. "Why aren't they delivering the roses?" He asked, forcing himself to make his way up the deck.
Steve furrowed his brow glancing at Tony, if only to reassure him his answer was sincere "No." He stated, focusing back on the road entirely. "I just didn't realize you.."
She held Tony down silently, regardless of what protests Tony gave, and there were a lot. At one point he bribed her with an insane amount of money, if she had to be honest with herself, she had considered it, but only for a moment.
"I came to find you." Tony admits, remembering the cup in his hand and taking a drink, while taking a break to check Steve out.
Tony sighed down at his armor, the scuffs and scrapes could be removed and repaired, but he had another problem. A bigger, Steve shaped problem. He ran his fingers along one of the deeper cuts into the suit and frowned. They had been doing so well, and then he had to go ahead and open his big mouth. It had always been a problem, Pepper had warned him numerous times, he should learn to think before he spoke, and drink less.
"Look, Tony." Natasha straightened in her chair. "I understand if you'd prefer to sit out of the party tonight, I -"
"No where around here makes Californian Burritos like we like them." Steve once again finishes, this time looking up from his book and offering a sympathetic frown.
"Her name is Anna." Tony said, glaring at the archer.
"Mister Stark is in his workshop, Captain."
Tony needs some time to process his feelings, and Steve learns how to work a telephone, just in time for Natasha to be in crisis.
"You drooled on me." Steve stated plainly, glancing down to a small wet spot on his T-shirt.
"Tell me what you need." Tony begged, crawling his way back up Steve's body,
"What if It's not really love?" Her brows pinched together "How do you even know what love is? And what if it's not enough, what if we just don't work one day, then what? Why waste all of this time and money just to - just to" She started spiraling.
"Wait, so you think Tony and Steve had sex?" Clint frowned thinking about it for another second before shaking his head. "No way there's no way Cap would fall for that."
"It's worth a try." Steve said, tucking the album back onto his book shelf. "We'll be down in a minute." He waited for both of the intruders to leave the room before he looked at Tony again. Which Tony was thankful for, because it gave him a moment to compose himself and get rid of the water eyes. When Steve did look at him, his face was unreadable. "Did you need a change of clothes?"
Tony's lips quirked into the smallest of smiles. "I did say that didn't I? I was already so full of myself at nineteen huh?"
"Hmm?" Tony pulled his attention from the laptop, clearly enthralled in whatever it was he was doing. "Oh-" he replied, as if his brain had just caught up to him. "I don't sleep well anymore." The honesty was not something Steve had expected and Tony must have noticed the look on his face because he offered a kind smile and shrugged. "You know the whole solo trip to space with a nuke on my back, and then Pepper leaving kind of left me in a rough spot, so now when I can't sleep. I work." He looked back down at the laptop, his fingers continuing to move across the keyboard, quicker than Steve had ever seen.
"It was hard not to." Steve replied honestly as he took the towel back from Tony an tossed it onto his counter top. "Are you in a rush to get back to the hotel? There's something I want you to see."
------
Tony yelped and struggled for only a minute, it was a quick glance but he was pretty sure he saw a blade attached to her thigh and he knew better then to fight with an armed spy. "You promised no bodily harm. I thought you kept promises!"
"Tony-" Natasha started.
"Consider it done." Steve grimaced.
It's nearly pornographic, and Tony reminds himself to take a mental picture, just in case Steve meant it when he said this was the last time. Tony's fingers twist around Steve's hair on pure instinct and he's not too full of himself to admit he doesn't last long, all but crumbling to the ground in a mess of limbs once he does.
And when Tony gets close he breathes out the most obscene words, causing Steve to groan out primal and raw, and it's the only warning that Tony is about to come, in flashes of hot white across their stomachs and it doesn't take Steve a moment longer to finish himself deep inside of Tony.
“My darling Anthony, until you and your Steve have jobs and don’t live at home, you will both be boys, but you and your brothers would always be my boys.”
“You know it could have been possible, it’s not the woman who decides the sex of the baby,” Rhodey told him, but even Tony knew that Rhodey was just messing with him.
“As long as there’s someone to love and care for her, I won’t deny it to her, or any of these kids,” she said, they had all lost something, so even one kid gaining a family was something that they cherished. “I’ll get the paperwork.”
“What do you mean?” Steve was honestly confused but it’s been a very trying time for all of them, so he didn’t know what was up from what was down.
“We promise to be careful,” Sitwell said but his voice made Tony’s skin crawl, just thinking about what they had been up to after the fact.
“Honestly speaking, and I know my father is going to hate that I’m saying this because he’s worked so hard on the character, but I think I like your story a lot better.”
“How do you think it’s going?” Natasha asked him as they watched everyone walk around looking through the books, or drinking coffee.
“Honestly,” he said just as Sharon placed her hand on his cheek, and he knew at that moment that he didn’t have the same reaction as when he was close to Tony. He heard the door swing open, but he knew that he needed to deal with Sharon and maybe get her to think about Sam a little more. He heard someone curse behind him before the door swung shut once again, leaving him alone to deal with this one issue before going to find Tony.
“It’s because your head was stuck inside of a book,” Natasha said as they packed everything away in the back. “Though I don’t know who took it, the account that posted it could be a fake, I mean how can we miss someone as famous as Tony Stark inside of this store.”
“Yeah because complaining about whether I should have told the world that I was getting my Ph. D when I was eighteen would have been better, you would have just teased me from the moment we met,” Tony said before throwing a broccoli at James, the whole scene made her smile, this was something she had never thought that she would get, but they were happy and it was the best thing she could have asked for. Their lives hadn’t been easy growing up, but she wouldn’t change at thing if it meant that she would have met James, or that Tony would have met Steve. This was destiny’s way of making up for the things that Tony had gone through, just by having him fall in love with someone who was close to the person she fell for.
"You should see some of the comments." Natasha says with a curious tone in her voice, like a child daring someone to do something they know they shouldn't be doing. "People are going crazy."
Now the reporter was speaking to someone off the street.
It got to a point where everyone just pointed it out to bother them now, they didn't even care.
"Woo you?" Steve asked as he turned the handle, allowing the door to open wide into the personal home of Tony Stark. Now all he needed to do was get Tony in bed, and he could leave knowing the engineer was safe, and sound, and he had done good by a friend.
"-And then we have Sam, he's one of the groomsmen, and Sharon my bridesmaid-" Natasha carried on. "Where's-"
In no time the farmhouse came into view, and Steve was no where to be seen, he managed to dig back out his cell phone and request a cab to his location, being told the one would arrive shortly.
"Ok if this is going to end up like last time I'm not playing anymore." Bruce sighed leaning back in his chair, last time Natasha and Clint spent the whole night basically playing chicken with their money - and belongings, just for the night to end with no one knowing what cards either of them had, and an argument that lasted a week until Tony made them have a truce.
“No, it’s a math thing, and I know for a fact that you’d be good at it since I’ve seen the weird equations you write on your wall in your room.”
This chapter is told in snippets from two points of view, so that we wouldn’t have to go through the whole 22 movie cycle again, except with some glaring changes to the story overall.... It took a long time for me to write this, I couldn’t get it right and it may never be right, but it’s only here to move the plot forward.
“Yeah,” he said a smile on his face. “it worked Nat, it really worked.”
“You can take what you need for the trip,” Tony said knowing that he wasn’t going to be on that mission. He looked up from where he was to see the resignation in Steve’s eyes, they were going to be separated for this, but this wasn’t a mission for a large group of people, they needed stealth and that was more Steve’s expertise, not Tony’s.
“Now, what I wanted to discuss with you was actually something entirely different,” Tony felt happy and confused at the same time, he actually thought that this was it and nothing more. “Your final story is amazing, it has the heart and love of something that is important to you. I would like to have your permission to submit it into next year’s writing awards, they’re handed out before the end of the Spring semester, but the pieces submitted into the grand prize has to have faculty approval before it goes to committee.”
“Steve,” Tony called out, but it wasn’t the sound that came out of him, he wasn’t sure an actual coherent thought could come out of him. It hadn’t been a joke, Steve was at only eighty percent of his usual strength, and he was still making Tony bounce up and down. Tony had to grab onto Steve’ knees and hold on for dear life, because it really was like trying to ride a bronco. “Fuck,” he cried out before everyone whited out and he collapsed onto Steve’s chest as he came completely dry.
“Alright, I’ll see you there.”
“Nope... nope.... nuh uh,” Kamala said throwing her hands up. “I’m not getting another lecture for you, pops and his I’m disappointed in you face, which should be illegal in this house, was enough to keep me from taking the blame on anything, or doing anything.”
Tony shrugged his shoulders before getting out of the car and heading towards the trunk. “That’s the EPR paradox,” he said ignoring Steve’s question, because he knew that his husband wasn’t incline to hear the complete story. “Instead of pushing Lang through time, you might’ve wound up pushing time through Lang. It’s tricky. Dangerous. Somebody should’ve cautioned you against it.”
“You know if I could have punched him, I would have,” Tony mumbled.
“There’s that fanboy I know and love,” Hope said laughing.
It took half an hour before they were both cleaned up, Tony showering after Morgan finished her bath, he tried to figure out how to get a new television into the house before Steve got back, but it was impossible to accomplish and he knew it. They didn’t sell that model anymore, and Tony had promised Steve that he wouldn’t buy anything unnecessary so he was out of luck on that one.
Instead of giving any sort of answer, he simply slid himself away from the bar and away from her grasp, the girl didn't seem to even notice as she fell into the spot that Tony had been in only seconds before, and turned her attention on the new person beside her.
For the first time since he had entered the room, Tony opened his eyes, there were tears forming, but the man laughed them off, quickly wiping them away. “You know you’re really good at that,” he said with a laugh. “The speech thing,” he wiped the tears away before opening his arms for a hug that Steve took gladly.
“Tbanks,” he said knowing that his words were still a little off from the broken nose and his head was a little woozy from the blood loss, but with Steve there he knew that everything would be alright.
Sighing Steve sat down on one of Tony’s chairs, it really was that kind of day for him in the end, the kind where everything happened. “Why?”
“You said you have a sister too,” Bucky looked intrigued. “I think I’ve seen pictures of her, or at least from faraway, honestly you have a more public face than her, well except when you look like.... well that.”
“Okay, but I want you to work on that story Tony, you’re a good writer and I don’t want someone else dictating whether you could or couldn’t be a writer period,” she said hugging him, she was comforting him, but he could also feel just how tense she was after their talk.
“Get all the coms online and working, even the ones in the kids’ suits, start waking them up,” he said as he finally got everything off of Steve. “Alert me when they’re up okay.”
“I can tell that this is a surprise to you, you probably thought that the reason I called you here was to deal with Mr. Stone’s use of your words, but honestly I hadn’t planned on having you sit in on that discussion until the Dean advised me to get your opinion before moving forward,” Professor Coulson said to him.
“Not at that moment, she had been covered, but I found out afterwards, had you noticed?”
“Don’t brush it off, you were right about a lot of what you said, I let you down, I let everyone down, I’m not good a being a leader. Tony, All those things… All the things I said and did… I’m… I’m so so sorry,” he said as he stood over the bed where the other man lay. “I know that’s not enough, but I hope that you will allow me the chance to earn your friendship back,” Steve knew that it was all he could even hope for at the moment. “I don’t deserve it… I just hope you let me. I’m not half as good at… at anything as I am when I’m doing it next to you. And that’s the truth.”
“So, I’m guessing this is your revenge for what I did,” Steve said to him as he slowly pulled at the thing that was now holding him to the bed. “I didn’t think you had it in you.”
“Maybe, or just maybe the whole team, you called them the Avengers before, and I think that maybe that’s what was missing in his life, a team.”
“Good cause I’m not here to give it, I’m actually here to ask for a favor,” Clint said smiling at Steve, which made him question helping his own friend. “I want to ask someone out on a date, but since they work on the day, I want to take them out... I need you to give them that day off.”
“J, can you do a quick scan,” he said looking down at Steve who hadn’t moved at all since Tony had landed. He hoped his boyfriend was alright, he would give Barnes a fucking prize for getting to Steve so quickly.
“We’ll find them Tony,” Steve said to him with a smile. “We found each other once, it’ll happen again.”
“So, what does this have to do with him if he’s passing the class anyway,” Ty pointed at Tony and he honestly couldn’t figure out why Ty was trying to throw him under a bus, when he had been the one to use Tony to get ahead, not just with his story but with his family’s business.
“I’m not the only one keeping my identity a secret mister I’m wearing my glasses instead of my contacts and have grown out my hair,” she said as she twirled her finger around one of his loose curls, his hair had gotten a little wild over the last few weeks, he was too busy to actually go to the barber and have it cut, instead focusing on school and his stories.
At those words Steve smiled at him, and Tony knew that he was in for a wild ride, “Now, normally you would have been naked before we started, but since I had you all tied up, I need to cut them off of you.”
“Did we get them all?” Bruce said from the platform, forcing Tony to pay attention to what they were actually doing and not throwing up again. He couldn’t wait to brush his teeth, maybe take a bath, before he actually did what he promised himself and climb Steve like a tree, because they did it, they got the stones.
“You really shouldn’t get him all worked up,” Bruce said as he touched the suit Scott was wearing.
"Will you find out where he's going next?” she asks with tears in her eyes.
“Someone’s happy,” Natasha said to him as walked into the living room. “He’s injured Tony, so don’t work him too hard.”
“Mom, he’s not a boy,” Tony complained, it was true, Steve was not a boy in anyway and neither was Tony, they were technically adults.
Tony didn’t want to cry, he really didn’t but he knew what it meant, not just for him but for all of them to have someone to anchor them to home. They could fight each other until they were laying on the ground dying, but what they needed the most was each other.
“We had been a little busy,” Tony said feeling tired already. “You know you’re small, but you’re talking loud.”
“Dad, Mom’s just messing with you,” One of Steve’s younger brothers called out from behind them. He wasn’t sure which one, his nerves were getting the better of him at the moment so he couldn’t remember who was who.
“Is that what I did?” Tony asked looking around, and Steve knew that if Tony had gotten hit by the Hulk it wasn’t his fault, but he was taking the blame anyway.
“That’s good because it’s yours,” Steve said, he didn’t need the picture as long as he had Tony with him, he could draw those moments out. “Come on, time to go camping.”
Lastly, the next five chapters are going to be interesting to write, but you'll see why.
“Should I keep going?” Tony asked feeling almost out of breath for a moment, because Steve was so close to him, and Tony hadn’t realized just how pink Steve’s lips were, or how blue his eyes had been. Were they always that color or was it just because they had never gotten this close to one another?
"You know,” Rhodes said to Steve. “I was afraid that he was making a mistake coming here, he literally gave up going to one of the best schools in the country just to be here. But I can see that it’s making a world of difference for him.”
“Like a camping trip,” Rhodey said and Tony groaned before hitting his head against the table. “We could go as a group, Tony could invite his college friends, Nat would go, and maybe I could convince Carol to go as well.”
One dies to save them all
“Yeah, yeah, anyway so what’s the plan?”
“Do they have something in the food that I don’t know about?”
“Whoa, whoa. Hey! Buddy,” his other self said as he addressed the Hulk, “What do you think? Maximum occupancy has been reached.”
“I’m going to go help them,” Steve said pointing at the others on the far end of the Testing chamber. “Before the Hulk decides to put in an appearance because Scott did the wrong thing.”
That had been the last summer he had seen Mrs. Rogers’ teenage grandson, she had told Tony that he had joined the military. He had kept up with her, built his own library by buying books from her store, and even converted one of the houses down the street into his own home. She had made him feel welcome in a world of high school bullies, because he had been a kid genius and no one really wanted him to succeed.
“Don’t be,” she whispered. “After what happened, I realized that maybe you were meant for bigger things then what we had been,” sighing she sat down on the bed next to him. “I wasn’t comfortable with you being Iron Man, I wasn’t comfortable with you putting yourself in danger, I think back now, and I know that while I love you, we’re not the right ones for each other.”
“I guess it does in some ways, would you go back and change anything that happened, would you?”
“She’s older, I was born a few months after she has been adopted,” Steve saw something flash in Tony’s eyes as he said it. “Anyway,” Tony said turning the conversation back to the topic at hand. “When we were in middle school, I had started writing little stories here and there, I always had extra classes or something afterschool, my dad didn’t like us having too much free time, but the Captain America comics had its first movie I around that time, and my brother Clint had taken us to the movies, and after that I wondered if Cap needed more heroes to work with.”
“What do you mean,” Steve asked genuinely curious to learn anything about Tony but hearing this from someone else’s perspective wasn’t something he expected.
“Do you even know who your roommate is? Or did they decide this at the last minute?”
“Are you planning on just bringing everyone I know.”
“You thoogt ish was a date,” Tony said, and Steve could see the look of hope in the other man’s eyes, and he felt like kicking himself for not noticing earlier.
“So, what it to you, it’s not like you actually care,” he said in his own defense, though he knew that if Nat had found out, well she would kick his ass and then call Rhodey to come down there and kick his ass again, and of course when Rhodey was finished he would bring Pepper up there to kill him with her stupid heels, which Tony brought for her as a graduation present. Those things had a metal heel, so of course it would go right through his head.
“So, should I be freaking out?” Bucky asked him but Tony shook his head. “Am I going to get the shovel talk from you?”
“Let me hear you tell dad that,” he said smiling.
“Jesus he has five brothers, and I thought my parents were crazy,” Tony said though he was happy to have had siblings, because it meant that he was never lonely and that no one forgot his birthday, though it did happen one year, but that was because that year a lot of things had happened and Tony was just happy that his mother was alive so he hadn’t cared much. Though they surprised him later on with a trip to Italy so that his mother could recover. It had been the best summer ever.
“Done, just pick out what you want, and I’ll get it for you.”
“Because when we made Vision, I transferred Jarvis into him, so Vision sounds like him, but it’s not the same. You see Jarvis had been like my child, I had him for a long time before he became Vision, and when Ultron nearly destroyed him, I felt like a parent losing their kid.”
Just as Scott shrunk down, giving Tony the finger, jumping onto the suit, the portal above them closed, and Tony saw his former self falling to the ground. He knew Steve felt guilt over closing the portal too soon, but all Tony could think about was that he wished that Steve had just kissed him that day. They would have saved themselves a whole lot of work to get to where they were now. He scanned the building a few minutes later, after the newly formed Avengers pulled Loki from the ruined penthouse floor, Clint’s bow pointed at the God of Mischief, and Tony knew that if they had given him the go-ahead Clint wouldn’t have hesitated to take the shot. Knowing now how close Thor was to his brother, it would have devastated him as much as losing his home had.
“That’s fine with me, less stress than what you three would have to do,” Bruce said before transforming into the Hulk. Tony still couldn’t get over the whole thing, even years later, watching Bruce change was an amazing thing to behold.
Yet, he missed the times when the house was filled with them all, even with just him, Steve and Morgan, there were times when it felt too empty. He knew that Riri was on her way home for the weekend, and she would probably pick up her sister on the way home as well. Steve was with Miles at their monthly group therapy session, and he would probably convince their son to come home as well. It made him happy that they would be there all together for the weekend.
“I’m a freshman,” Tony said looking down at his notebook, it was a plain book nothing special, mainly because he didn’t want anyone to know that he came from money, especially since they didn’t know who he was, and a sure fire way for anyone to know was the notebooks he usually had with him most of which were custom made. “I got permission to be here because Professor Coulson isn’t going to teach next fall and I really wanted to take the class while he was here.”
“This is nice,” Tony said looking at the picture. “I want to frame it and put it on my wall.”
“A night under the stars would be nice,” May said looking at Pepper with hearts in her eyes, and Tony wouldn’t deny them that opportunity, mainly because he loved them too much.
They drove for what felt like an eternity, Tony wasn’t sure that they were in the same town as the school anymore, “I’m not being kidnapped am I?”
“Lies,” Tony said but Steve knew that he was just joking from the little smile that had popped up afterwards. After taking a deep breath next to Steve, Tony whispered, “Okay.”
“I tried that last time.”
“I don’t want to be the reason that Ty fails the class,” Tony said because in all honesty he didn’t want to be the reason anyone went through anything. Yeah Ty used him, but it shouldn’t matter in the end.
“We’re on it,” Kamala said her voice cheery, especially when they’re faced with the end of the world. It was all he needed to get up and keep fighting.
"Yeah, we boarded that highly suspect warship that Danvers pinged,” Rocket said from the screen, pulling Steve out of his thoughts. Even though he didn’t want to be Captain America, he was still actively working, Tony knew this, in the same way that Steve knew that Tony made suits of armor for their friends and family.
“Yeah well that’s what you get for disappointing me, no go get,” he said making sure she didn’t double back to sneak into the workshop. He didn’t want the fight with Tony to happen not when he was already working on something that could potentially kill them all if they weren’t careful with it.
“Yeah like maniacs,” Tony said looking at him. “I had to put FRIDAY in their cars so that she could slow them down, do you know how hard it was to watch them drive, nearly gave me a heart attack.”
Steve couldn’t help but feel embarrassed, not only for himself, because he didn’t recognize the guy for being a Stark, but also for Tony who was now turning a slight shade of red. “Buck, please be nice to him.”
The room was packed with more people than Tony had ever seen standing there, he was glad that he had updated the offices and the machinery before he had gone off to Titan, but after seeing the machines on Zandar he itched to upgrade everything, but each time he tried to reach for something as everyone settled into the room Steve pulled him back and gave him that disapproving stare. Without saying anything at all, Steve told him to stay put, which only made him want to tinker with something even more. It was exciting for him, but he was still exhausted over everything.
“Listen, if you think it was a date, then it was,” Steve told him as they walked in. “If the other person hadn’t realized it well tough for them.”
“Did you go to China for that?” Tony asked him as Steve settled in beside him, taking out containers of food.
Tony hummed into his chest, and Steve knew that he was losing him, they were tired, all of them were, especially after all of the excitement from the whole day. But he knew that there was one more thing that he needed to tell Tony, something important, because Tony would love the news.
A car drove pass them as they gathered the courage to keep going, “Hey man, make love not war!” an old man said as it drove off.
“Well I live down the block, but you already knew that,” Steve couldn’t help but smile, it had been Pepper who had told him that Tony lived near him, which then gave him the idea to come over. “And since you’re on bedrest for the rest of the weekend, I thought I’d come over and hang out with you for a little while. We can watch a movie and eat these cookies I made.”
“We have to keep looking at it like a puzzle, we don’t have all of the pieces, but when we do we’re going to have the chance at fixing everything.”
“Oh,” Tony whispered, but before he could say anything else Steve pulled out a piece of paper and put his number on it.
“You’re not the boss of me Tony,” Steve said and honestly Tony shouldn’t find it as hot as he did but honestly, it didn’t take much for Tony to be horny for Steve, all the man had to do was work out without a shirt and flex those wonderful pecks and Tony would drop his pants and jump on top of Steve.
“Thank you, Professor Coulson,” Tony said before turning the full force of that smile on Steve, and honestly there was no better present in the world than a happy boyfriend.
“It’s okay, but we need to set up some ground rules on this, because I don’t want to walk in on you two doing things.... yup.... nope not thinking about that.”
Thor stopped for a moment, he hadn’t broken down when the image of Jane appeared, but the moment his mother had been mentioned, Tony could see the hurt in the man’s eyes. Bruce gently rubbed Thor’s back trying to make certain that the god didn’t break down before he finished.
“Get your hands off,” his other self, called out.
“You can’t think like that,” Steve said to him.
“It’s okay,” he said waving the woman off before walking over to the little girl and sitting with her, her crying became hiccups before she settled into his lap.
“We just want you to take better care of yourself,” Bruce said to him. “We don’t want you to hurt anymore, because when you’re in pain, we all are.”
“You’re really close to your mother aren’t you,” Steve said, it was nice to see this side of Tony.
“What do you mean she’s a Stark?” Steve asked genuinely surprised to be hearing about this, though he knew Tony had siblings, hell who didn’t know Tony had siblings, he hadn’t thought that his sister would also be at the school at the same time as him.
The waitress sat them in a corner booth all the way in the back, but Steve liked watching Tony take the whole place in, his eyes lighting up as he saw the wall of pictures with the Pride flag right in the middle.
“You’ll get it done,” Steve said before taking out the cookie cutters of the Avengers and all the bowls. “Now let's make some cookies.”
“I love you,” he said without thinking, he had been so sure that Tony was asleep, that when he felt the shorter man stiffen beneath him, he was surprised. “Forget I said anything, go back to sleep,” he wanted to kick himself for even saying it out loud, Tony would probably tell him that it was too soon for this.
“I don’t think I would, I mean I hate that I went through so much of what I went through over the years but in the end,” Tony said looking at him as if he knew that the answer wouldn’t change who they were. “I think if I had to do it again, I would because it’s led me to this point, it led me to you and the Avengers, and our kids.”
“He loves us,” Steve said in his own defense, though it was true, even though the house was always full, and they didn’t have enough rooms for all of them to live in, his father loved them all. They could have gotten a bigger house at any point in time, but Steve understood why it was that his parents loved their house. It was the first thing that they were able to buy for their family, the schools were great, and it had a huge yard for them to play.
“Did it work?” Steve asked as he walked over. “Bruce.”
“Hey. You said one out of 14 million, we win, yeah?” he asked wanting something to hope for. “Tell me this is it.”
“Uhh....” the guy said and Steve couldn’t help but feel like he’s seen him before, even as the brunette pushed his glasses up his face. “Are you my roommate?”
That was until Steve climbed into the back of the ambulance and sat next to him, saying “Hi,” with a smile that could melt the freaking artic.
There was a moment after Rhodes mentioned Pepper Potts where Tony stiffened, Steve remembering their break up and his own feelings of jealousy when he hadn’t been the one to comfort the man, but that’s something he probably won’t mention to Tony, at least not at that moment. He still wondered how the two made their friendship work after the break-up, because he still couldn’t get the image of Tony sad and despondent out of his mind.
“I doubt it’s doing anything to him, with that Asgardian metabolism, but I understand why he’s coping like that, I did the same thing, maybe after all of this is over, we can talk to him about it.”
“No,” Pepper said though Tony knew that he could convince her at some point. “I think we should do something local.”
“Boss, Thanos is here,” Friday said over the com and Tony could feel his heart stop, time really was messing with them and it had brought a blast from the past with it.
“I though she went home with Tony,” he said, but somehow, he knew that it wasn’t the case. “I would have thought that they would have been at home most of the week.”
“Those are good teams, hopefully this will go the way it should,” Steve said to him before pulling a casserole pan out of the oven.
“No, he lived in Toronto,” Tony said sarcastically, which only earned him a glare from Natasha.
“I love you too,” Tony said holding Steve as tight as he possibly could. “Would you change anything if you could?” he asked knowing how much pain Steve had gone through, even if Steve thought about it, going through the whole man out of time thing, he wouldn’t change anything either.
This is for @ Myrime because I told her about how my store used to haunted
“Yeah well keep it a little quiet, will you,” he felt his face flush at what Steve was saying. “I didn’t bring anything for anyone else... well except the bracelets, but we kind of need them for this little adventure. We’re getting everyone right?”
“Army we have a problem,” Carol’s voice rung out over the com lines, Tony looked over at Steve before everything outside turned dark and the world collapsed around them. Tony’s last thought was that his kids were somewhere in the compound.
Steve couldn’t help but sigh, he was weak when it came to Tony, “Fine, we’ll go to Mr. Fury's flower shop.”
Once inside of the building, he pushed aside thoughts of Steve, Ty had told him that he would be working in the stacks, so Tony headed up and found an empty table towards the back. Even sitting there, he thought of Steve and had to try really hard to get the blonde out of his mind, there was no chance of that happening at all, not since he had heard about the girl, or even the fact of Bucky being his ex. He didn’t want to have something weird happening with his roommate.
“I picked this school, not my dad or my mom, my three oldest brothers had gone to Ivy League schools, Clint went to MIT, Thor went to Harvard and Loki went to Yale, so there was a lot to live up to.”
“Sure was. That's extortion,” yup that was all Steve right there, he was the one with those great big puppy dog eyes, the ones that got Tony to do whatever the man wanted. “Great minds think alike. Juice Pops, exactly was on... my mind.”
“Again, science had something to do with it,” Steve told Tony with a smile on his face, it was one of the only things that really connected him with Captain America. “I did have some experimental stuff done growing up, and some of it had helped, I got stronger and I could play baseball and I go out on dates and all.”
“Tony, I’ll go anywhere as long as I’m there standing next to you,” he said before opening the car door. “Now come on, I have something to show you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t see him,” Steve said but they both looked at him with a sadness in their eyes.
“Shit, this isn’t good,” Bucky said just as Natasha groaned, which meant he was missing something, something huge. “Tony was here.”
“I don’t want to know, but listen you, if you ever do something stupid like you did the other day, I won’t be so nice.”
“Dad,” he hears Miles’ voice over the com line. “Anything we can do to help, we’re almost out.”
“I’m scared too,” Steve said to him, while running his hands up and down Tony’s back, it was something they did when one of them had a nightmare, something to remind them of the present.
“To lunch and then Asgard,” Thor said to Pierce as if it were an everyday occurance to have a giant battle win and then take the prisoner back to Asgard. “I’m sorry, you are?”
“Oh well,” Tony didn’t know if he should tell him the whole truth, but since Steve had shared with him the truth about the origins of Captain America it was only fair that Tony should share his background to the characters as well. “Okay, remember how you said that your dad had made characters for each of your brothers.”
“I think you look great Cap,” Scott said over the line, which only reminded them that there was a third person listening in on Tony’s inner thoughts. “As far as I’m concerned, that’s America’s ass.”
The rest of the facilities inhabitants were beginning to walk over to see what was happening, and honestly Tony wasn’t sure if he should intervene or not, considering Clint had been spending less and less time with his kids. The three of them had spent more time over the years at his and Steve’s house than they had with their own father. All of the Avengers were sure that when Clint went back to the farm house he rarely spent time with the kids, even when he tried his best, but the loss of his wife had hit the man very hard.
There’s a visible change in their relationship after that, Tony knows this, he understands this, but it’s still a little strange. Especially since he opened his eyes and saw a beardless Steve Rogers in front of him, chiseled to perfection. Steve had always been good at giving speeches, especially when things were going south fast, he hadn’t said much when Tony was yelling at him, but he made up for it in spades at that moment. Now, he was just Steve Rogers, that guy he got to know over the years, his friend, and while Tony wished for more he was just going to take what he could get.
Natasha looked at Scott like this wasn’t the strangest thing in the world for her. “I get e-mails from a raccoon, so nothing sounds crazy anymore.”
The ghost is Colonel Phillips
“I got this. I got this! Okay, I don't got this,” Peter was chanting before calling out “Help! Somebody, help!”
“I’ve got
“Am I really such a cheeseball?”
“I couldn’t send them away,” Steve said and Tony knew that it was one of Steve’s biggest weaknesses, those kids were both of their weaknesses. “They’re safe here for now.”
“Don’t worry too much,” Ms. Potts voice came in from behind him walking in with two cups of coffee, “He’s had worse.”
“Cap, what do you want me to do with this damn thing?” Clint said, saved only by his own daughter’s arrows flying by him.
He headed to the library for his weekly meeting with Ty, who had started writing a new story and giving it to Tony to edit for him, this had become their new routine, because it was nice to have someone to talk about fictional characters with. Tony kept fixing a lot of the story that Ty had started writing, as well adding to it so that it had felt like their first collaboration. Tony had been thinking about their next assignment and he couldn’t figure out what to write, he had thought about submitting one of his fanfiction stories, but changing as much of the character’s names as possible. The thing was that Tony had been so busy writing his fic and helping Ty while also working on the coding that he hadn’t given much thought to actually writing anything original, though if he thought about it, Iron Man was original, even though for Tony he existed within his Captain America stories.
Steve knew that Natasha was a natural leader, more so then he felt most days, he could lead the Avengers until he was blue in the face, but look where it got them, and he didn’t know if he had it in him to try again. “You work together and figure out the next steps in whatever it is we’re doing, I’m going to check in with Tony and Bruce and see if there’s anything we can do to find out where Thanos had gone off too.”
“No, I’ve told you that I’m over Bucky, and if you thought that every time, we talked about him I was pining, well it just means that I wasn’t obvious about my feelings or we could just be bad at realizing what we have right in front of us. I’m not dating anyone else either,” Steve told him wanting to have this moment. We can take everything slowly it’s up to you. “Honestly I thought you were dating that guy from the library.”
“Buck, I’m going to go to the house, I need to go and get settled so I’ll come back later,” he said trying to give the two of them some space, and get out of his own head, while the image of the metal man on his mind, wondering if he could look him up to see more art, or if there’s an artist involved with him.
“So, what’s the girl’s name?” Steve asked curious about the person who had caught his friend’s heart.
Tony made his way back to the table, only to find it empty, with a little note from Nat saying that she’ll talk to him later, with a little angry emoji on it. So, that meant that they were going to figure out what the deal was with Bucky, or she was angry at him about not telling her about Bucky being his roommate. It didn’t matter, instead Tony picked up his stuff and walked out into the cold November chill, the coffee keeping him warm as he walked all the way back to campus, but he really couldn’t complain, with Steve’s coffee concoction in his hand.
