Mornings weren’t Tony’s strongest suit. He had a deep-seated distrust of morning people, with the exception of Steve, who was the exception to every rule in Tony’s life. So when he was woken up by a video call, the very first thought he had was that a supervillain had finally found his ultimate weakness.
“Pretty exclusive, though,” Tony replied. “You’re lucky you’re cute, otherwise you wouldn’t get a ride.”
“Oh! Uh, um.” Both of his hands came up to grip the sides of the camera tightly, as if to ward Steve off from grabbing it. The move confirmed what Steve had already suspected—this man had snapped some photographs of him and Tony.
Tony stared at his face in the mirror, eyes wide in shock. On his left side, nothing. Plain old Tony Stark. Well, maybe not plain, but definitely the same face he’d been seeing for years. Grinning for the cameras, at board meetings managing his company, in passing reflections—an unlit cell phone screen, a rolled-up car window, a too-expensive watch, the polished plates of his armor after he’d made the latest in a stream of never-ending modifications.
He had to know. Steve made a promise that he would try. Maybe he could test the waters. See how Tony reacted to the idea of them becoming closer. Spending more time together.
Carol scrunched her face up. “How sure are you? Scale of one to you forgot your coffee was in your hand that one time?”
An odd tingling sensation began to burn on his left palm. Immediately concerned, Steve pulled back a little, ignoring the startled cries from the reporters and his teammates. “Are you okay?” he asked, pulling his hand away from Tony’s face to check for injuries.
Peter felt like the worst soulmate in the history of ever for forcing Johnny to keep this huge, important part of himself closed off from his family. But every time he thought he might be able to do it, to take that leap and reveal his identity to Johnny’s family, Aunt May’s face flashed in his head and his courage just shriveled up in the face of losing the last remaining member of his family. Spider-Man might be brave, but Peter Parker was just as much of a coward as he always had been, ever since he couldn’t confess his feelings to Gwen and MJ, didn’t want to confront Harry about his father’s mental illness and ensuing villainy, and allowed a thief to escape and kill his uncle because he was pissed off at a corner-store clerk.
The camera pans out to include two side of a large table. The top image shows three players—from left to right: Travis Willingham, Marisha Ray, and Liam O’Brien. The bottom image shows three players—from left to right: Sam Riegel, Laura Bailey, and Taliesin Jaffe. Marisha Ray is dressed up in a cosplay of Steve—her hair hidden by a short blonde wig, a no-sleeve shirt with the Captain America chestplate printed on it, and a smaller shield that she holds up to the camera.
deal for you,” Tony stated. “State-of-the-art equipment for basic human decency. I would literally not offer this to anyone else.”
“I’ll tell you what, you’ve got a repeat customer, buddy.” Ben chuckled as he pushed his phone back into his pocket.
a car anymore. But there were also the cameras outside. It wouldn’t look good if Bruce lost control like this.
Reed snapped his fingers. “Exactly. Victor usually has no qualms with injuring people and causing property damage. But this attack had virtually no issues with damage.”
“Look, Steve is who he is,” Rhodey stated. He looked at Tony and quickly flicked both eyebrows up. “You fell in love with him despite the theme.”
Steve exchanged a look with Tony. They were here for a specific reason. They really should stay on task. But Tony’s eyes lit up at the mere suggestion of this unexpected drama.
“Yes,” Johnny said, exhaling heavily. “I don’t really agree with his reasoning, but I can’t fault him for it, either. So we’re stuck.”
“Well what do you suggest?” Tony asked, trying to contain his grumpiness. They were his friends, after all. They were trying to help.
They did important work, and Steve knew that meant they were in the public eye. But other heroes had been soulmarked before. It was never like this. He couldn’t understand the media circus. Was nothing else happening? Wasn’t something more important politically, socially, or economically speaking?
Sam flew by Steve. “On your left,” he shouted with the joy of a man never willing to let a slight against him go.
Tony groaned, letting his forehead hit the edge of the table. He was going to have to figure it out. Soon.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m pretty sure T’Challa will gracefully accept your well-wishes, Tone. He’s never been anything but… well, kingly.” Steve looked over at Thor, who was laughing loudly and patting Loki’s back too hard. “As for Thor, I doubt there’s much he’d take offense to.”
Steve thought for a few brief moments before he shrugged. “People basically think the same thing they always have. Soulmates are the goal. Finding your match is what most people strive for. I don’t think that’s changed at all. As for what I think, I mean, isn’t it obvious?”
Sue sighed. “Johnny, come on. It’s been two years. Almost! That’s a long time to not meet my brother’s soulmate.”
Tony held up his hands. “No judgment. But we did push it back until today for several Avengers. Natasha and Bucky were on that super secret mission to some awful place, I’m sure. They just got back. And too many people have plans already from Christmas through New Year’s. So.” He shrugged. “Christmas Eve.”
As he’d been thinking, Steve’s hands naturally fell to rest onto Tony’s legs. He looked down the clear evidence of how close they already were. Tony was wearing a rumpled t-shirt and thin pajama pants. Steve was in a similar state. There were no barriers between them. Nothing concrete, nothing that mattered. He just had to find some way of broaching the topic. Then it came to him.
Tony thought about how sure Pepper was as he removed his suit and got changed into black jeans and an AC/DC t-shirt. Why would she be so confident that Steve had any kind of opinion whatsoever about Tony calling him cute? Steve had been totally silent about it. He hadn’t returned the compliment or even acknowledged it. What was Tony supposed to think?
How do you expect to get to know anybody without saying hi? Take out those earbuds, put away your phone, and be on the lookout. You never know when your special someone will bump into you—hopefully literally!
Steve hurried off the stage, glancing at Sam, who nodded towards the car that was pulling up alongside the nearby road.
Steve shook his head, smirking. “I’ll try to hold myself back, shellhead.” He easily walked into Tony’s arms. As they flew back home, Steve thought they were in a better place than they had been before the meeting. At least they had begun speaking about the incident at the park. That was definitely progress.
Tony turned around and held up a hand, attempting to stop Steve’s advance. “I want to talk about it,” he admitted. “I just don’t want to hurt you.”
Steve shook his head. “No, nothing.” He threw up a hand in irritation. “And that’s the problem! Tony’s
Tony took a few minutes to just eat lunch with his team, relaxing as best he could. The conversation was beginning to bore him—not because he didn’t care about their opinions and general gossip, but because he was starting to get ideas about how he could readjust the repulsor beam to minimize accidental blowback in the way he had intended. He had thought it was simply a matter of mathing out the energy output and balancing that alongside restructured wiring and refined lenses for the gauntlets, but it occurred to him that all the wiring in the world wouldn’t help if the power wasn’t able to be evenly distributed and aligned in a way that thinned out the beam without diluting the effectiveness.
“She’s the smartest of us all,” Pepper replied. “I’m grabbing a cup of coffee before I—” She stared at Clint, who was holding the coffee pot up to his mouth, clearly drinking directly from it. “Never mind. Time to go.”
He wasn’t exactly sure how much longer it would be, but he knew they couldn’t have Bruce hulking out in the car. First off, there wouldn’t
A slow blush spread over Steve’s cheeks. Still, an easy smile fell over his face as he replied, “Sure. Anything you want.”
“Yeah,” Tony confirmed. “It’s gorgeous.” He pulled it out and looked closer. “Wait, did you get it inscribed?”
Tony shrugged. “Then you were the only one. I’ve been getting teased for my severe crush for so long, I barely notice the comments anymore.”
Society as a whole, both global but especially western (North American in this instance), is extremely patriarchal and heteronormative. 2/?
Tony spread out his hands. “Well, apparently we’re both morons when it comes to figuring out if we’ve touched or not, so it seems prudent to point out that wasn’t a kiss where you actually touched my skin.”
“Then we had the shock-inducing, pearl-clutching reveal of Reed Richards and Sue Storm, the public faces of the Fantastic Four who had been both soulmates and married for several years when they each received a
That stopped Steve in his tracks. He felt his mind slow down, trying to process what that could mean. It sounded like a rejection. Like a warning that he was going to be turned down. Everyone said that Tony wanted him, but maybe everyone was wrong?
Steve nodded. Their lips met somewhere in the middle, casually distorting the hologram floating next to them.
The team got to work with Steve assigning everyone an area to cover. It was natural as breathing to follow Steve’s orders. Tony felt himself go along with the flow, keeping the team updated as F.R.I.D.A.Y. identified more bots and other affected areas. The things were faster than they appeared and seemed programmed to cause a ruckus, but there was no real order to their chaos. That made them harder to track.
Pepper turned a little more serious, but still seemed chipper. “Unfortunately, an unexpected traffic jam in front of the gate prevented us from returning home.”
Tony seemed to have the same idea as Steve, since they shared a brief look before Tony clapped his hands together. “Well, it’s been fun, but we have to get to work on this before the copycat strikes again.” He looked at Steve. “I sound ridiculous. Let’s go.”
Jennifer shrugged, her face floating above the nearest worktable. “It’s official. Before it was only conjecture. Now he’s actually filed the papers.”
Tony quickly ate his second slice, reminded of the danger of leaving his food unattended among these people. He looked at Steve, swallowing before asking, “We’re leaving after this? Doombots?”
“Of course not. I wouldn’t, either.” Steve held out his left palm for Tony to look at. “You haven’t really had a chance to look at my soulmark,” he pointed out. “Do you want to?”
“Here, right now, we can see where a crowd of fans has gathered outside of Avengers Tower. They’re doing all they can to show their support of Captain America and Iron Man’s soulmate match. For now, the superheroes have remained silent, but they’re expected to make a public statement soon. I’ll keep you updated on this story as events unfold. I’m Cindy Moon, and this is Fact Channel News.”
This was a mess. If Tony was smart, he’d go and talk to Steve right now. Clear up all this nonsense. They were friends, weren’t they? Steve would be reasonable. Even if he didn’t want a romance out of this, they could at least talk it out.
“What? No!” Peter stopped mid-shout. “Actually, yes, that’s what he asked for. But not my dick! Other people’s dicks!” A woman passing by gave Peter a disgusted look and grabbed her handbag closer to her body as she hurried on down the street. “Sorry!” he called out, waving one hand to her. “My boss asked me for dicks, not my fault!”
Johnny cleared his throat and replied in a slightly scratchy tone, “Are… are you sending him dick pics or what?”
Tony snorted. “No, Pep, come on. You know Steve. That man doesn’t wear down. Like a stone in the sea. He’s just
“Look, just ask him to train with you, say ‘oops’ and take off your boxing glove, then grab onto his forearm or something.” Carol clapped her hands together. “No muss, no fuss. Done!”
A heavy weight in the center of his stomach told him otherwise, but he’d been dealing with that for a long time. Steve could carry that weight along with all the rest he had. There was no getting rid of it now, anyway. It was far too late for that.
“You guys are going to have to get used to this real fast.” Pepper raised an eyebrow. “You know this is going to last for a while, right?”
“Tony, come on. We both thought we’d already touched.” Steve held out his hands. “I have no idea how we haven’t.”
Wanda was quiet for much less time than it seemed like she was. It wasn’t a difficult question, and Tony expected her to be able to formulate her favor. But alas, it was not to be, as Tony discovered when Wanda ignored him to look between Rhodey and Carol’s smiling faces. “Would you mind if Vision came along, too?” she asked, hopeful. “As a non-human lifeform, he doesn’t think he has a soulmate. I’ve already explained to him that he’s mine, but I think he might have doubts after this new development.”
Steve turned his left hand over, presenting his palm to Tony. They both looked down at his left hand. The mark spread out over his palm and fingers, sparkling a strong, bright red and yellow with small elements of white-ish blue appearing in tiny dots and lines. The colors moved quickly around the mark—as fast as Steve imagined Tony’s brain worked, as fast as Iron Man could fly.
Tony nodded. “Okay, look. I know you’ve been going back and forth between the good guy, bad guy thing—”
“All right, all right,” Steve said, laughing. “Let’s get off comms. Take a minute to relax before the debrief.”
Slapping a hand on his forehead and feeling like a completely love-struck buffoon, Steve shucked off his uniform and changed into a new pair of boxers. He would normally sleep just in his boxers, but he couldn’t quite shake the feeling that he should cover up more to show that he was respecting Tony’s wishes. So he pulled on a tank top and headed back to Tony’s floor, heart pounding as he stared the soulmark on his palm.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice had a hard note to it. “It’s okay if you don’t want to go out with me. But you need to eat.”
Steve looked at Foggy with his active mission face on. “So I was speaking to your boyfriend here and—”
Steve wiped his eyes again, clearing his throat as he tried to concentrate on what Tony was saying. “No? What no?”
Steve nodded at the reporters and smiled as he greeted them. “Good morning! Thanks for showing up this early. We’ll try to keep this quick so you all can get on with your day.” He’d keep the comments on task and not worry about anything unless a threat presented itself. For all he knew, they were only there to ask a few questions. No need to create a problem where none existed.
“—just saw Captain America save Tony Stark from an oncoming attack, resulting in a soulmate match! This could not have been a more dramatic reveal for the two longtime partners—”
Steve felt a pang in his heart, but he pushed through it. “I completely understand. That’s why I’m not pushing.”
The burger place they liked didn’t usually have a crowd Thursday nights after midnight, and tonight was no exception. Steve couldn’t be happier. Part of the reason he frequented the place was there typically weren’t too many people staring at him. Of course there were ways he could minimize being recognized. He tried to go out in civilian clothes, but this time he was in full Captain America regalia, so he was bound to get more attention than usual.
“Negative, mon capitan,” Tony replied. “I’m heading back up to double-check the skies and pick off any remainders.”
Tony smiled at him. “My hero.” He stood up, walking out of the room and to the elevator. “Sweet dreams, Cap.”
Pepper walked alongside Tony, frowning at her longtime friend. “I thought you’d be happier about this?”
“I must speak to you on behalf of the whole country. Nay, the world,” Sam continues. He leans back to reveal that he’s wearing a t-shirt with the face of the man who threw the brick on it. “Thank you, kind sir. Without you, we might never have gotten a press release that everyone actually wanted to watch.”
Foggy shook his head, waving his hands in between them. “Oh, please, just keep us in mind if you ever need any legal help, and we’ll call it even.” He handed over their business card.
Steve felt himself grow to like this guy. Just a little. Anyone who cared about Tony was good in his book. “Yeah. Tony’s a tough guy.”
Tony didn’t respond. Not that Steve expected him to, but he was wondering just how deeply Tony was sleeping. Apparently, pretty solidly. Steve climbed out of the booth and moved over to Tony’s side, picking him up and carrying him out of the diner in both of his arms, taking an extra second to ensure Tony’s helmet was balanced on top of the armor that covered his stomach. He wouldn’t hear the end of it if he left the suit helmet behind.
“For my apartment,” Steve explained. “The one I keep in Brooklyn. I know I stay here a lot of the time, but I thought you should have a key. For the other times.”
Tony pressed his fingers to the bridge of his nose, rubbing it. “Okay, this has been fun, reliving the greatest hits of my failures and all, but I’ve got a press conference to get to.”
His fantasies had ranged from the mundane—passing Steve some innocuous thing, the tips of their fingers touching—to the extreme—giving Steve CPR and having their marks on their lips, showing off that life-saving kiss for the rest of their lives. And in each of them, Tony had been ecstatic about finally getting Steve’s soulmark. In all his imaginations, he always knew he was meant to be with Steve—that not having Cap’s soulmark yet was just a fluke. Some type of mistake that fate was going to correct when the time was right.
They all followed Reed to a nearby room that was home to several large computers. They were running various calculations, but on what, Steve could only guess. He just didn’t have the knowledge and experience Tony and Reed possessed when it came to technology. He didn’t mind it. In fact, it was a benefit to have such intelligent people working together. Steve definitely thought their teams were improved with the wide array of expertise their members owned.
But as Tony’s eyes slid back to the mirror, he couldn’t help feeling doubtful. Steve had put an American flag on his face. If Steve rejected him, who else was going to want him? Nobody was
Steve knocked on the door to Tony’s workshop. “Hey, Tone? Can I come in?” The door opened automatically. Steve walked in, scanning the area for Tony. The workshop was usually a mixture of careful organization and uncontrolled chaos. Steve had learned a while ago how to navigate it. He followed the sound of muted rock music from speakers near a worktable in the far corner of the room.
A fifteen second clip plays of Steve letting go of Tony, Steve’s back turning, and Tony’s face showing off a new soulmark.
Tony squeezed Steve’s fingers, a bit too hard with his gauntlet on but Steve wasn’t about to let go. “It’s just, this is happening really fast. Yesterday, I thought you weren’t interested in me. This morning, I find out we’re soulmates. A few hours ago, you say you’ve loved me for years.”
“No need for that! We’re all Avengers!” Cassie insisted. “Besides, now that you and Uncle Tony are together, I expect you to post cute pics online!”
“Fuck! Sue. Sue, you can’t tell anyone,” Johnny said, full-on panicking. “I’m serious. Sue, promise me.”
Tony ran a hand through his hair. “Actually, for your information, I have spoken to Steve.” Carol narrowed her eyes. “Earlier today. About the decorations.”
“That was last week,” the blind man stated. “And Thanos attacked, which ruined most people’s plans.”
Trying to keep himself from using his superhuman agility was tough in times like these. Peter hopped over, accidentally kicking a desk chair in his determination to not web himself into his sometimes-boss’ office.
Steve held up a hand. “Oh, sorry, I just assumed.” He smiled kindly. “Husband, then. I didn’t see a ring. Sorry about that.”
Tony groaned. “That’s what I’m talking about. Bad guys are the ones who kill people. That’s the line, Castle. That’s where you have to make a stand.”
“Shit,” Tony muttered and took off, going into protection mode. “F.R.I.D.A.Y., alert the police. Let’s get this guy arrested rather than dead, yeah?”
It quickly became apparent that Quicksilver had finally arrived when a flash of blue and white whizzed by them once, then a second time. “Where is she?” Pietro’s voice grew from a whisper to a near-shout as he stopped running, jerking to a stop in front of Tony.
Well. Maybe there was a little need to be rude. “Don’t worry, you’ve still got the other half of my face to admire.” Tony smiled sarcastically.
Apparently taking this as the warning it was intended, the vans finally began to move slowly away, inching along until the road through the gate was finally clear. Cassie took two careful steps, placing each of her feet along the edges of the gates in order to block the road from the vans.
Tony noisily slurped his milkshake. “So,” he began in a seemingly casual tone that had Steve sitting up straighter, “we never talked about soulmates before.”
Waving a hand dismissively, Steve replied, “Something else more interesting will happen soon. Thanks again!”
Steve scowled, unable to fight back the blush he knew was burning across his cheeks and nose. “You know that’s not what I meant.”
“You think Spidey found his?” Bucky asked, looking at Natasha. “I mean, talk about a problem outfit.”
Well, no, of course it mattered. But why didn’t Peter trust his family? That was what he couldn’t wrap his head around. Everyone here knew the importance of family. Johnny knew—he freaking
Tony didn’t know how he felt. He just wanted to be happy and enjoy being matched with Steve. He loved Steve. He fucking
Bobbi nodded slowly. “Sure, mmhm. Okay,” she agreed, eyes darting between Steve and Tony as if waiting for one of them to crack. Then she smiled at Tony, eyes glinting. “Steve sure has big hands.”
Tony ran his hand over his cheek. The mark didn’t feel like anything. His skin felt like it always did. His goatee, too. Technically, all that had changed was a visual mark. But it was so big. And directly on his face.
When Steve finished, a few hands popped up among the reporters. There typically weren’t that many questions to answer, and he was honestly happy to see that it would probably take ten minutes or less to get through everyone.
“Listen, whatever it is, if you’d just tell us, we could help. That’s what family’s for.” She looked down, pressing her hand to her head. “We wouldn’t blame you or think less of you. You have to know that.”
“I can’t tell if he’s blushing or if it’s just the red getting brighter,” Clint interrupted. “Seriously. It’s hard to tell.”
“I had a few errands to run.” Pietro shook his head. “You can’t expect me to be at your beck and call.”
Steve waited a moment before holding up his hand to Jennifer. “Are you sure this is the law firm for us? Tony and I trust your judgment, of course, but if this case is going to have such a huge impact on the superhero community, wouldn’t it be wise to hire a more experienced team?”
four hours, something else more interesting would catch people’s attention. He just had to be patient a little longer.
Tony looked at Steve, a smile curling his lips despite himself. “This is actually really nice.” He turned and raised a grateful hand to Ororo. “Thanks for the snow.”
“I’m aware,” Tony replied. “And I get that we haven’t been on official dates, but if you think about it, maybe we’ve been on unofficial dates?”
“Can you take photos of superheroes when they’re not superhero-ing,” Jameson stated, pretending like his criticism was actually a question.
“Fact Channel News, bringing you all the facts as soon as we have them. I’m your host, Cindy Moon. Breaking news from this morning’s Avengers press conference. After an angry attendee threw a brick towards the then-unarmored Tony Stark, Steve Rogers came to his rescue, heroically sweeping the other superhero away from the danger. This move had a surprising result. Watch this clip to see how the events played out.”
Wanda looked at her exposed shoulders—well, they were always exposed; the woman was allergic to well-fitting sleeves—and her eyes softened as she studied the fresh soulmarks. “This is…,” she trailed off, voice thick with emotion. “
“Venturing out of the Kitchen? Unusual for you,” Tony commented. He wasn’t opposed to the extra help—he just had no idea why Daredevil wasn’t patrolling his usual area.
“Oh my fucking God,” Johnny muttered, walking around the chair due to lack of having any other response.
There was an odd silence in the car. The heaviness from earlier came back with a vengeance, this time with a side of awkward confusion. Steve partially understood. Sometimes Tony laser-focused on a problem that appeared in front of him. A man shouting accusations and throwing a brick was not something any of them had expected this morning. He perfectly understood Tony’s concern—even if he really only wanted to talk about what being soulmates meant for them.
“Done,” Bobbi said. “We just fought him last week.” She whacked a bot with one of her sticks, then hit it again, harder, just because. “Damn annoying.”
“I would hardly describe the man in such complimentary terms,” Namor protested. “He is a peon pretending at greatness. Nothing more.”
Dum-E came up behind Wanda and tried to grasp her cape, but his arm went directly into the magic portal. He let out a few panicked beeps and removed his hand, rolling around the circumference of the portal to try and pull at Wanda’s cape from the side. Wanda, not expecting the sudden tug, began to stumble backwards. Tony had no worries because she was a powerful magician who could float if she needed to.
Some of the cameras turned towards Cassie, filming her as the reporters described the situation. A few of the news vans began to slowly drive away, but the majority of them stayed put. It appeared these people were really committed to getting some pictures and comments. At least, Steve assumed that was what they wanted.
Steve turned around, one hand on the punching bag as he smiled at them. “Be nice,” he chastised. Then he grinned. “Tony’s
“Let me know if there’s a problem with your access,” Reed said, already focusing back on the computers running his program.
“Check,” Tony said, grabbing the attention of the waitress and immediately covering his mouth to hide his yawn.
“I wouldn’t mind one.” Spider-Man swung by, webbing up a few of the bots and hanging them from the corner of a dollar store. He somersaulted over to hang diagonally off the edge of a wall near Tony. “I can only hear what people near me are saying. It makes me feel out of the loop.”
Tony sighed. “Sad but true.” He brightened up. “Hey, but with Thor back in Asgard dealing with Loki, we don’t have to save him a whole pizza! That should—”
Carol and Rhodey pulled their hands away from Wanda’s shoulders, revealing two shiny new soulmarks. Neatly matching on Wanda’s skin, Tony could admit from an aesthetic standpoint they were gorgeous. In fact, the whole trio was gorgeous, and Tony’s mind split in two directions. There were the immediate thoughts about the mind-blowing sex these three were going to have. Then there were the thoughts about how lonely he was going to be, how everyone but him was getting matched, how even people who were
“It’s not my fault people love me.” Tony sighed heavily. “It’s a burden I have to bear.” An alert went off in his helmet as a horde of bots began to swarm the cars, crawling out of the sewers and causing people to panic.
It took a moment to click off the alarm on the program. Then Johnny pulled the chair forward and sat back down, thinking of how to break the news to Peter. Well. There wasn’t really any good way of doing it, was there? He pulled out his cell phone, deciding to let his boyfriend know they were in for a conversation tomorrow.
Tony blinked, slowly. “What about tracking down the copycat Doom? We’ve got proof the bots can make holograms of me. That has to narrow it down.”
“Ah, that’s my cue,” Pepper stated. “We’ll be sure to update you with any information as we receive it.”
“You called him cute and he didn’t even pause,” Pepper explained. “Tony, that’s great! You’re wearing him down.”
,” she stated, kicking Bucky’s knee so his stance was weaker. “And I’ll do it without a ploy.” She swung down, grabbed Bucky’s gun by the barrel, and smacked him across the face with it.
, who was usually off training and doing secret missions, who was barely around and Peter had never actually spoken to—Johnny still kept tabs on his nephew, still told Peter what little information he had. It made Peter feel awful to not share Johnny with May, but Peter could see the strain taking its’ toll on Johnny. The Fantastic Four were known for being a close, tight-knit superhero team. Closer than any other team. That was because they were a family—biologically, found lifelong friendships, and legally, through marriage. People joined and left other teams, but not the Four.
Reed looked confused but Steve, Ben, and Sue all laughed. Namor looked bored. Steve thought he appeared bored most of the time. He spared a thought for Johnny. He’d have liked to spend some more time with him—it was always a good idea to strengthen bonds within the superhero community. But it would have to wait for another day. They had a lot of work to do back at Avengers Tower. It would be irresponsible to put off solving the mystery of who made the fake doombots.
“And most recently, another royal couple strode onto the scene with style and an in-your-face attitude that had everyone paying attention. I’m sure you all remember last year when the soon-to-be queen of Wakanda, Nakia, unexpectedly matched with the new Queen of Asgard, Valkyrie. The union of the most technologically advanced country in the world with one of the most ancient realms of magic resulted in another ‘break the internet’ moment. The hashtags Black Girl TechMagic, WoC Queens, and Nakyrie trended on twitter for over a week. They appeared on nearly every show that aired at the time, including notable pieces on Ellen, Oprah, and SNL. Although Nakia is not technically royalty by bloodline, the Wakandan government formally inducted her as a member of the royal family—a decision that was met with reactions ranging from delight that her place in Wakanda was finally recognized to disdain that a friend of the royal family would be given the same accolades without the birthright. Still, now that they’ve made their mark and the furor has died down, it seems Wakanda and Asgard have mostly stayed out of the news. Some suggest this is due to a lack of newsworthy stories, believing that the countries are prospering under their newfound leadership. Others say the queens are disinterested in dealing with the rest of the world, citing the known history of Wakanda hiding its’ riches and Asgard existing in an entirely different realm.”
Steve took a minute to turn off the lights as requested, realizing after he couldn’t find light switches that he’d have to ask F.R.I.D.A.Y. to do it. Once done, he picked up the blanket that was thrown to the side of the bed and laid down, covering both of them after he was settled. Part of Steve wanted to stay up and look at Tony—really take some time to appreciate this experience—but the majority of him was wiped out from the day. In fact, Steve was asleep before he realized his eyes were closing. His last conscious thought was that he wished he’d kept the lights on until he had gotten in bed so he could get a better look at Tony’s sleeping face.
Steve smiled at her, trying to put everyone at ease. “The amount of drama in the Avengers could fuel a soap opera.”
“In this case, yes.” Foggy tightened his hold on Matt’s arm. “I swear to God, Murdock, if I fall I’m going to complain
Maybe he’d retell the story, anyway. There had to be something exciting hearing it from the person who lived through it, right?
“What, Tony, I don’t understand,” Steve said, holding a hand out in a soft, pleading gesture. “You have to know I love you.”
Tony shot Steve a look. It was one Steve knew all too well. A mixture of ‘am I supposed to take this seriously’ and ‘I have to respond responsibly, help me do that’.
Clint got out of the car first, nearly falling over in his haste to escape. He was never really one for any kind of confinement. Bruce got out next, followed by Pepper and Bobbi. Sam left with a big grin on his face. The man loved making an entrance, and he was absolutely thrilled to be the center of attention. Steve looked at Tony and gestured for him to pass.
“I practically jumped out of my seat when I saw why you guys were making headlines.” Rhodey shook his head, smiling. “I’m so happy for you, Tone. This is awesome.”
They spent another ten or so minutes relaxing with their free treats. Steve found his attention drifting. He began wondering exactly why someone was targeting Tony. So often, people expressed their gratitude to the Avengers for their hard work at protecting others. In fact, it was somewhat typical for each of them to get stopped a few times a week to accept various forms of thanks—from simple verbal appreciation all the way to sometimes extremely awkward gifts. Why would anyone take aim at Iron Man? Tony was one of the most well-known and beloved superheroes in the world. Was it a cry for attention? Or something darker?
Rhodey nodded. “That’s a good point. It’s more that people want it to be an American flag than that it looks like one.”
Steve turned to look at them, torn between wanting to make sure the man was caught and the overwhelming urge to take Tony somewhere private
“—fact is we have no idea the reason behind the man’s assault, but Rogers protected Stark in a natural way, raising suspicions that the two have been closer than suspected for—”
I’ll wear them during a special twelve-hour charity stream where all donations go directly to the Maria Stark Foundation!”
This is like the most obvious of obvious, but you’d be surprised how many people want to find their soulmates but cut off the easiest way! Exposing your hand is exposing yourself… to L-O-V-E.
Still. It was ridiculous. Peter obviously wasn’t looking at the situation from a logical standpoint. Superheroes were going to be able to protect themselves in ways that regular people couldn’t. Peter had to know that.
“I’m going to meet up with him now,” Matt said. “If you want to tag along, I’m sure he’d be happy to help.”
His mind was turning that thought over—on how people fit, on whether it made sense to force it, on how people might fit in some ways but not in others—when he bumped into Tony in the hall. Literally. Steve turned a corner and smacked right into Tony.
Steve laughed, good-natured even when he was tired. “Okay, all right. Good work, everyone. Let’s head back to the Tower.”
Natasha, who had characteristically remained silent up until now, took a break from ensuring her gun was balanced to stretch out her legs. “You don’t. Tony’s co-captain. He understands what happened.”
“A reporter tried to say I was a homophobe,” Steve spat out, obviously still irritated. “I set him straight.”
Tony stood up straight. He slowly took the box, smiling at Steve. “You didn’t have to get me anything.”
It happened in a split-second. One moment Steve was trying to placate this man; the next he saw a brick hurtling through the air, heading directly for Tony’s face. Time slowed down—impossibly so, enough that Steve suddenly felt he understood how Quicksilver must feel, enough that Steve was able to come to several conclusions.
“Oh, you’re on.” Pepper took off towards Sam, who quickly turned and followed her. “Stay out of trouble, Tony!”
Steve wanted to reply immediately, but the waitress delivered their plates of food and Tony began eating right away. They lapsed into companionable silence. Steve slowly ate his cheeseburger, briefly checking the menu to see if he wanted anything for dessert. Tony put his feet up on Steve’s knees.
Steve. The man lit up his life. He made everything better just by being there. It wasn’t that he was always optimistic—he definitely wasn’t. But Steve was always determined to see things through. He had an attitude that Tony admired. ‘
Castle turned a corner, grabbing two guns faster than most people could blink. “Easy for you to say. Up there in your tower. Try living in the trenches, then see what you think.”
Another knock on the door—this time, with more fervor. “Captain America! Your country wants to know how you feel!”
Ben jerked his thumb to a computer in the corner that was playing a live news broadcast. “It’s been on the news all day.”
Pepper cleared her throat, breaking the tension and bringing Steve back to the conversation. “Well, yes, of course that happened and we need to address those concerns as soon as possible.” She tilted her head at Tony, voice just short of scolding. “But something
Tony pressed his lips together. “I appreciate the advice, but you walk around mostly naked, so I’m not really sure—“
Sam lifted one shoulder in a half-shrug. “Nah, I gotta agree with Clint. Nobody is ever going to doubt Tony’s dedication to America.”
Tony reached the abandoned lot with time to spare. He flew into the dilapidated building, looked around, and decided to set down in the middle of the main room.
Oh. Steve hadn’t really thought about it like that. Tony did care a great deal about his clothes when he went out. Did the mark make his normal suits look strange? Internally, Steve sighed and wished Jan was here. What use was having an Avenger who owned a clothing line if he couldn’t go to her for fashion advice? Well, besides the obvious use of fighting alongside her in battle.
Steve nodded. It was okay if Tony didn’t want to talk yet. Steve was doing everything he could to let his soulmate know his feelings. He wasn’t great at talking out his emotions. Everyone joked that he was a man of action, and that was true. If he needed to make an impassioned speech to rally people for a cause, he was pretty much good to go whenever. But this was different.
Steve watched as Cassie quickly began to shrink down, dropping to her usual height and then even farther until she was too small for him to see. The helicopter circled once more then began to hover just outside of the Tower. The car pulled up right in front of the main double doors. It gave the media a clear view of them, but Steve didn’t see a way around that.
Steve held the door open for Tony, gesturing in as the little bell trinkled, alerting the staff to an incoming customer. “After you, shellhead.”
Shaking his head, Steve reached out to hold Tony’s hand on the table. “Tony. Stop for a second. Neither of us is going to leave the Avengers. We’re still going to live together. We’re still teammates and partners. This is just another level to our relationship. One that it seems like we’ve both wanted for a long time.”
Tony tapped at his phone for a minute before saying, “Here it is. Nelson and Murdock. Never heard of them.”
Tony got up off the chair, turning around and walking away, back to the far end of his workshop. “I don’t know what to tell you, Steve. I really don’t.”
people, but there can be multiple arguments made as to the reasoning behind this psychological phenomenon. Regardless, it’s completely 8/?
He headed to the elevator, taking a half-step back in surprise when Spider-Man flung himself out of the doors and immediately webbed himself back in.
“I know what he said.” Sam kept smiling, waving at the cameras. “Just keep walking, Steve. People are gonna say a lot of shit.”
Tony took a step away from Steve, not losing eye contact. “I do want you. Just not until I feel better about my soulmark.” He scratched his eyebrow with an embarrassed laugh. “I can’t help it. I want us to have a good relationship. I don’t want to think about my face the entire time.”
Scientists had collected data on hundreds of thousands of people. There were some extenuating circumstances, some outliers that were to be expected, but overall Tony felt confident he had funded the best collection of research on soulmarks available. Now he knew everything he could and, after everyone published their findings and got credit, felt a long-standing tug on his heart start to lessen.
community faces. This doesn’t even begin to touch on the physical violence and hate crimes they endure, which is a topic best left 5/?
Steve walked forward, dropping both hands on the opposite side of the table Tony was using. “Tony. What are you trying to say? Do you not…” Steve trailed off, looking slightly away.
The car stopped a moment later, right outside of the area in Central Park where they were scheduled to speak and answer questions. It had a fifty-foot wide wooden stage on one side that usually hosted small indie bands, impromptu poetry jams, debates, and occasionally a play. Steve liked the tables that were scattered around nearby. He used them for drawing when the weather was nice enough, but they usually collected kids doing homework and people of all ages eating outside and playing games.
A web shot out and opened the top box of the tower of pizzas. Another web flung out, caught two pieces, and brought them up to the corner. Spider-Man pulled up the bottom half of his mask and began to eat.
“Interesting that you keep bringing up soulmates,” Carol said, fooling absolutely no one. “Have you touched Steve yet?”
Pepper left the door cracked open for a minute. Steve looked askance at it before he saw Cassie’s tiny form running—incredibly slowly—through the opening. Once she began to grow to her regular size, Pepper closed the door, saying, “Thanks for the help, Stature. Or is it Stinger now?”
can,” Foggy agreed. “I’m not made of miles of sexy muscle, you know. I’m more of a cotton ball. Just soft, easily bruised.”
Pietro stepped back. Holding the communicator up between his thumb and forefinger, he nodded at Tony. “If this doesn’t work, I’ll be back.” Then he ran off, completely gone before Tony could formulate a response.
Sue quickly continued, “Is he really old? Or, or really young?” She held up her hands. “Because sometimes people meet at the wrong age, and I’d understand that! It’s not your fault if you matched, and I know you’d never—”
Johnny laughed. Peter could imagine his grin and smiled in response. “Listen, if Jameson asked you for dick pics, I’d say give them to him.”
Spider-Man groaned incredibly loudly. He took the comm out of his pocket, turned it on, and groaned into it even louder.
Bucky smirked. “Oh, sure. Lead the way.” He walked after Carol, turned around, gave Steve a thumbs up, then separated from Carol and headed for the food.
Slogging through endless data? Struggling to interpret how to utilize your statistics? Oscorp can help. Find out more: bit.ly/sd2k8lo
Whatever happened, Steve was positive they simply needed to talk. Sam and Bucky both said so. They were a lot better at handling relationships than he was. That was it. No more waiting. At least starting the conversation would be better than letting it wait. And it’d only been a few hours since this morning. It felt interminable. Steve thought he might actually explode if he waited any longer.
Tony sighed. “As much as I’m loving this, I really need to be clear. Do you want to go out with me? On dates? Romantically?”
Then nothing. Then Steve never got back to Tony, who’d put his heart out there for Steve to trample all over. It was an incredibly awful feeling to have work get in the way of something he’d wanted on a personal level for literal years. But he knew he could fix this. It was just a matter of finding the right gift to match how he felt.
Before he could really get a good wallow going, a neon pink circle of magical energy burst into existence right next to Rhodey and Carol. Wanda’s voice came through. “Tony, I need a favor.”
“Okay, first off, I’m not going to be a jerk to your soulmate. Or not more than usual. Also? Reed was weirder than Namor, really now.” Sue made a face but Johnny ignored her. “More importantly, my soulmate’s not anyone bad. What are you even thinking?” Johnny crossed his arms, feeling an overwhelming urge to defend Peter.
That was one of the reasons he made nearly all of his public appearances in uniform. When people were used to seeing Captain America, they very rarely saw Steve Rogers. He was able to go undercover, as it were, when he was being himself. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d gone out to eat in costume. At the very least it might get them faster service. He’d have preferred taking Tony out in a nice outfit. Not a suit; he’d leave those to Tony. But Steve felt that he really cleaned up in a pair of pressed khakis and a well-fitted button-down.
Pepper smiled brightly and waved at the reporters as she walked back to the main door. She opened it, extending a hand for Spider-Man to enter. She walked in after him, ignoring the reporters pressing up against the gate.
“Well, this is fun,” Tony interrupted, then immediately felt like a tool for interrupting, so he did it again. “You three will be happy together, I’m sure. Now can we get back to the point? Wanda? Why you’re here?”
Pepper hung up her call and looked at Steve. “I just let the restaurant know their delivery guy gave our pizza to someone else to finish the delivery. They weren’t thrilled.”
“I have him pegged for going after bigger fish than petty theft,” Tony commented. “But can’t let the guy run around killing people, either way. Steve would be
“Surprises abound as the two men are faced with a sudden influx of questions! Let’s see what they say! Stay on them, don’t lose them!”
“Yes!” Clint clapped his hands, holding them up above his head in victory. “I always knew this day would come!”
Steve shook his hand, eyebrows rising at the strong grip. “Anytime.” He let go, inspected the man in front of him, and waited a beat before saying, “You look really good.”
How people got their soulmarks was always a great story, especially when they were unusually placed. It was standard water cooler small talk to share meet-cutes and mark reveal moments. Steve had grown up hearing these tiny tales of love. It was common in the forties and, to the surprise of neither him nor Bucky, nothing had changed in all those decades. People were still sharing their stories with fond gazes and embarrassed laughter. He’d always wanted to have one of his own—a story to tell that would encourage and entertain people. He supposed no one was ever going to ask him or Tony how they got their marks, though. Everyone already knew.
“There’s enough of Doom’s original machinery and source code that it’s unlikely to be an accident or coincidence,” Reed explained. “If it’s not from Doom himself, the most likely scenario is that someone picked up some of his discarded tech and used it as a base. Maybe they were able to reverse-engineer the code. I’d have to do a more thorough investigation. But Doom normally announces his attacks and there’s been nothing.”
Tony snorted. “My research proved that it was always first skin to skin contact. Unless you’re talking about me falling onto his dick or something.”
“What was that?” Tony made a loud sound that was supposed to be a mimicry of static. “I can’t make out what you’re saying. It’s—schrchch—breaking up.”
The television showed Pepper spreading her hands out in greeting. “I’m able to answer a few questions.”
“Captain Rogers has requested the workshop level in the elevator,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. announced, startling Tony out of his mental process.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Natasha. “You’re telling me you don’t think people wait for their soulmates?”
“Nah, don’t go there,” Sam said, lightly punching Steve’s bicep. “You guys didn’t really get a chance.”
“Fair enough.” Tony held his tongue for nearly ten seconds before he burst out, “I’m not repressed.”
Pepper nodded meaninglessly, still smiling. “Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark request privacy so they can enjoy their newfound soulmate status without prying eyes.”
Tony stared at Steve for a moment before he stretched his arms up and rotated his feet away from Steve, onto the floor. “Well, I’m going to try to get some sleep before I have to look pretty for the press conference in the morning.”
Once all the bots were collected, including the ones left behind by the Hulk in the sewers, Tony closed the back of the truck and locked it. The truck was a self-driving model that Tony sent on its way to the Fantastic Four’s tower. After that was done, he turned around to look at the three men standing near him.
omg its still so good. everybody needs to rewatch this video. i just noticed clints mouth open and closing like a birds. fucking goldmine
Steve looked blankly at Sam. He debated what to say before his shoulders sagged. “We didn’t even talk.”
The snow crunched under their feet, the thin layer of ice immediately cracking as Matt’s sure footsteps blazed a trail. Foggy hung on to Matt’s elbow, one mittened hand gripping for dear life while his other flung out for extra balance.
And, Steve knew in his gut, there was never a chance he wasn’t going to protect Tony. All of his teammates, really. But especially Tony.
What he hadn’t counted in his equation was the unrivaled chivalry of Rhodey and Carol, who were both too nice for their own good. His two best friends reached out a hand to steady the witch, each of them grabbing on to one of her shoulders with a firm grip.
“What?” Tony asked, exasperated. He shook Bruce’s hand off. “Can we maybe focus on the fact that I was wrongfully accused of attacking a civilian’s store?”
“You don’t see cameras like that anymore.” Steve nodded to the instrument. “Everything’s digital these days.”
His eyes softened. He didn’t know what was wrong, but Tony was trying to get something difficult out in the open. This was the man he had long considered to be a partner in every way that mattered. The man he was in love with, who had recently been revealed to be his soulmate. Steve wanted him to feel safe enough to say whatever was on his mind. “Whatever it is, I’m here,” he murmured. “And I’m not going anywhere.”
“Steve. It’s going to be fine. Just give him some time to figure things out.” He let go of Steve and stared at him, apparently willing his friend to see reason.
The cast laughs again. Matt begins the introductory announcements before they start their campaign session for the night.
“Hey, listen, we’ve got a great show for you tonight. Alison Blaire’s here with her new album, Ex-X! Stick around!”
Tony stared incredulously. “What is the point of saying ‘oops’ if I’m just going to be obvious about it?”
“I’m still in space.” Rhodey looked deeply unimpressed. “Don’t dodge the question. I have my ways, Tone.”
“Ah, but you didn’t organize this party. I did,” Tony pointed out. “And I had to work around everyone’s schedules. Actually, if you recall, both of you were unavailable during Hanukkah because you were visiting Magneto.”
Steve looked over to the hallway when he heard approaching footsteps. Bucky came into sight, popping his head in and grinning when he saw Steve, immediately half-jogging into the room.
Bucky’s joy broke some kind of barrier that had been constructed from the relentless media presence and Tony’s abrupt disappearance. Even if there were some issues he had to address, Bucky was right. He had matched with his soulmate after decades of waiting—both in the ‘40s and after he’d woken up. And his soulmate was the man he’d been hoping for.
“We don’t,” Steve answered, stepping in immediately. That was good. Tony was about to strangle the man. “But you reported that you would be here. When you say you’re coming, we expect you to show up.”
“That won’t be necessary, She-Hulk.” Steve walked in alongside Sam, nodding at Jennifer with the kind of commanding attitude that had Tony slouching in his chair—just to be difficult.
Tony snorted. “Biased opinion.” He left the kitchen, not feeling like discussing his soulmark any further. In his focus on the upgraded beams and upcoming Fantastic Four meet-up, Tony had actually forgotten about his soulmark. He didn’t know how he felt about that. Good? Bad? Confused? He just didn’t know. At least he had time to think about it. Steve wasn’t going to be making a move any time soon. He hadn’t for years; why start now?
After it was assembled properly, Castle tested it out for a few moments. It took less than a minute before he nodded. “You kept your word, Stark,” he stated. “I’ll keep mine.”
“Speaking of, can we leave?” Pepper asked, nodding at Steve. “I’ve got a mountain of paperwork to get back to.”
Not really. Was this going to be just like all the other times they had flown together? Shit, Steve had no clue if he was supposed to act the same as before or not. But how could he when they had this huge change between them? They were soulmates now.
Tony reached over and wrapped his hands around Steve’s face. “I love you, too,” he murmured. “And I really have to kiss you. Like. Right now.”
Soulmarks appeared in the exact place soulmates first touched. The most common soulmarks were on the palm of a hand wrapping around to the back—the shape of a handshake with fingers holding on. But they could be any size, shape, and location. Some of the most popular posts online were of people sharing their odd soulmarks with meet-cute stories. Tony sometimes clicked through them, imagining if things had been different, what would his have been? How would Steve have marked him?
There was a companionable pause. It had been a long time since Steve had spoken to a stranger one-on-one like this. Even with the odd situation—after one in the morning, Tony asleep in his arms, and knowing photos had been taken of them without his consent—he still felt at peace. People like this were why he kept on fighting.
Tony flew them to the Fantastic Four’s tower. They didn’t speak, but Steve felt Tony’s hand wrapped tightly around him. He didn’t know if that was normal or if he was just more aware of how the armor felt today.
“Matt, I’m not sure we should be going this fast,” Foggy muttered, eyes trained on the ground, darting back and forth to inspect each step before he took it.
Tony shrugged. “And all of that is a huge hassle. I’ve got the board on me trying to use this to push me out. Plus there’s the guy who threw the brick. I’ve been trying to contact Jennifer to see if there’s any way to work this out legally. I want my name cleared.”
Steve was used to joining Tony when he saw the opportunity, so he turned and headed in to sit on the opposite side of the couch Tony was currently occupying. “Hey, shellhead,” he greeted. “Watching anything good?”
Tony ran a hand over his face, rubbing his fingers over his eyes. “Can we please get back to the software?”
Steve pulled off his helmet, straightening his shoulders and looking at Tony with hope blatantly exposed across his face. “Want to get dinner?”
Carol pulled Wanda in for a tight hug. “I’m so happy we found you,” she murmured. Then she held her arm out for Rhodey, who easily joined in hugging their newfound third soulmate.
patriotic. Even if somebody was, they wouldn’t want to start anything with Captain America’s soulmate.
Tony’s mouth dropped open as he stared at Johnny. “You have a secret boyfriend? I’m honestly impressed. I didn’t know hiding things was your style.” He gestured to Johnny’s soulmate mark: a thumbprint on the front upper shell of his left ear that matched a fingerprint on the back in bright red and blue with small white stripes shooting across it. If anything, it resembled someone quickly pinching his ear, but Steve had never heard that story.
In another ten minutes, F.R.I.D.A.Y. assured Tony that all scans of the city were clear of the robots. Tony began collecting the remains—both totally destroyed and only minimally so—and throwing them in the back of a truck he’d set up for this reason. Steve, Spider-Man, and Daredevil all brought in their bots, making snarky comments along the way that Tony only half paid any attention to.
“I thought it might just be me,” Tony said. “But you just gave me a key to your apartment, so now I’m thinking maybe I should’ve asked a few years ago.”
“Sure, but that doesn’t mean people aren’t curious.” Bucky paused before he looked at Steve critically. “And you marked his face.”
“Okay, I got it,” Peter replied. “What kind of pics are you looking for? Valiantly fighting off enemies together? Out for a cup of coffee? Holding hands?”
“What’s this about doombots?” Bucky asked as he and Natasha walked in, both heading for the pizza boxes with the determined look Russian spies were known for.
One thing in particular was on Tony’s mind, now that the speedster was in front of him. “Where were you? You were gone for most of the battle. F.R.I.D.A.Y. didn’t even read you in the city until the end.”
Tony gently held onto Steve’s hand and brought it up close to his face, inspecting his own mark on Steve’s palm. The reds and yellows in it were bright and fast-moving, zig-zagging around in a way that made Steve dizzy when he stared at it too long. Which he might’ve done once or twice. There were occasional white-blue lines and small dots that accentuated the main two colors. It was an interesting mark. Unique in a lot of ways. Steve definitely hadn’t seen another mark that looked like it.
The reporters laughed a bit, and Steve smiled at Tony. “Best to make sure we catch the bad guy first,” he replied, amused.
“Well, I was going to commission a statue of you in Central Park,” Tony said defensively. “But Pepper talked me out of it.”
Tony waved casually before disappearing around the corner. Steve looked after him longer than he should have before shaking himself out of it. There was nothing wrong with being friends with Tony. Teammates. He had a good relationship with a man he respected and admired. Nothing wrong with that. Nothing at all.
Reed nodded, slowly returning his neck to its’ normal size. “Turns out there are several commonalities among Doom’s attacks that match with this one, but there’s one major difference.”
“Tony, focus,” Steve said, but he sounded amused and Tony knew Steve wasn’t going to really get on his case. Yet.
“Rhodey,” Tony said, wounded. “Honey bear. What are you saying? Don’t you know these rumors are out to destroy me?”
Steve raised both hands in surrender as he backed up towards the exit. “I’ll leave you to it.” He walked out to the familiar sounds of them sparring. It made him smile. They were so good for each other. They fit together perfectly—just like soulmates should.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Of course that’s your take.” He flicked the design he was working on to the side, moving the neon blue hologram out of the way. “So what do you want?”
The car was ready to take them to the press conference, but Tony was running late. Steve didn’t mind waiting. This particular media storm had been scheduled unusually early. Eight in the morning wasn’t a great time for anybody. He figured they were trying to get it in before a large portion of businesses opened up at nine. Still, Steve wished they had chosen to do a primetime conference. He was an early riser, but the rest of his team had greeted him with baleful eyes and annoyed chewing as they piled in the car.
Steve’s eyes darted to the side, a slight admission of his nervous happiness at Tony opening up more to their (hopefully) future relationship. At that moment, though, he noticed an elderly gentleman who had paused outside, right as he walked past the window they were sitting next to. He stood up as best as he could, leaning a bit heavily on his cane as he held up his right hand in a shaky military salute.
Carol walked over from where she’d been talking with Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy, suddenly in lockstep with him. “Hey, Tony. Merry everything.”
“Um… yes?” Peter had only just stepped foot into Jameson’s office, and he was already regretting it.
Pepper was already on her phone, speaking to the pizza place they had ordered from. She was most likely informing them of the event. Tony didn’t really know.
Tony was starting to agree. He took a few more pot-shots at the bots as he got a clear angle on them, but it just wasn’t enough. Frustration was starting to make him feel tight. He breathed deeper, trying to get a hold on the situation. There weren’t many injuries so far, but he just didn’t trust that to last. They needed to get rid of the threat faster than they were able to.
“So?” Johnny shook off Reed’s hand. “They want to talk to you guys. I don’t need to be here.” He turned on his flames and flew off, leaving behind his signature trail of fire reaching behind him and slowly dissipating.
“You gonna take off your helmet?” Steve wasn’t sure why Tony had kept it on for so long, but he’d rather see his soulmate’s face.
Steve spun around on his heel, marching forward to the reporter who asked that question. “I have never believed loving another person was wrong.” His voice was steel, unshakable. “I fought Red Skull. I punched Hitler. I’ve defeated Hydra and Nazis. Repeatedly. I have always stood against bigotry, tyranny, and fascism of all kinds.” He gave the reporter an unimpressed look. “Maybe pick up a history book, son. Learn something.”
Natasha shrugged. “I wasn’t even sure I had a soulmate. I was ready to be with the person I fell in love with, marks or no.”
“Jesus Christ, Tony,” Rhodey sighed, briefly massaging his temple. “He’s your soulmate. What are you doing?”
“Tony! No!” Steve laughed despite himself. “I’m not taking anyone’s side. It was a joke. Everybody knows you’re great at expressing yourself.”
“As you can clearly see, Captain America and Iron Man are soulmates! Their soulmarks appeared where their skin touched. Although this raises questions, such as why the two have not discovered this previously and how this will affect their working relationship, the general public consensus regarding this revelation is positive.”
“Well… yes,” Steve replied. “That’s also why I’m so… happy, that we matched.” He smiled. “You’re worth the wait.”
Pepper grabbed onto Tony’s arm and walked him off the stage, ignoring the cameras and shouts for additional comments.
“Have fun, Brucie,” Tony said, flying higher to track some that were climbing along the roofs of a few nearby buildings. It was incredibly suspicious that they were traveling both under the city infrastructure and along the skyline. “Are they programmed to circle the area? Enclose it?”
“Welcome back to another episode of The Superhero Report, a podcast that keeps you up-to-date on all things superhero. I’m Flash Thompson, and—”
Steve was done waiting. It was ludicrous they hadn’t yet found enough time to talk. It was a busy day—that was an understatement—but when weren’t their days busy? They had to make time for what was important.
After visiting several stores, Foggy entered the seventh one and turned on his heel to look at Steve directly. “I know you’ve been cagey about who we’re shopping for, but that needs to stop.”
“I thought when we got home we’d definitely talk.” Steve knew he sounded frustrated, maybe even depressed, but he couldn’t help it. Besides, Sam was one of his best friends. He’d understand.
But he couldn’t seem to focus enough to finish the upgrades to his beam tech. Every time he saw his hands, he thought about looking at Steve’s hand—and his own mark permanently staying there. When he adjusted the gauntlets, occasionally he’d get an odd, distorted reflection of his face shining off the metal, and of course he couldn’t help but stare at the colors moving around on his cheek, constantly changing his appearance but always staying, just,
“There have been other soulmate matches that made the news cycle. Some sweet, some scandalous, but all proving the public’s interest in the topic of soulmates is ever-growing. Tonight, we’ll be taking calls from listeners on the newly matched couple everyone’s talking, tweeting, and texting about: Captain America and Iron Man. Are you shocked? Never expected them to mark each other? Have you seen this coming for years? Are you interested in the social or political consequences of such a match? Do you have an opinion you just
Steve squared his shoulders. “Of course I meant it, Tone. And, well. I’m sorry I didn’t give you a proper answer at the time, but—”
Quickly opening a new document on his table, Tony began writing notes to gather his thoughts together in a more constructive way.
9: People pushed for romance when they matched. These people usually had just met. They had no history to worry about or consider when moving forward in a relationship.
“Oh! No, don’t worry, they’re married,” Steve reassured. Tony didn’t look very relaxed. “Well, I think they helped me pick out a nice gift. So. Here.” Steve handed a jewelry box over to Tony.
“I’ll need so much coffee,” Tony groaned. “And we need to buy all new coffee pots. Clint can just keep all the old ones.”
Tony waved a hand. “Just a quick suit meant for fast travel and clothing changes. Nanites made the most sense.”
“Hello, and welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons!”
The incredibly loud voice rattled the car windows, causing the entire team to look out. There, at the far end of the street, stood an incredibly tall girl—about 40 feet if Steve had to guess—who had her hands stretched out towards the news vans.
“But I don’t know how the hell you’re going to get them,” Johnny said in a casual way that Peter thought might not be entirely appropriate for the conversation.
“Well, yeah.” Bucky laughed once, disbelievingly. “You guys got matched on live TV. That’s pretty unusual, right?”
“That was last week. I thought he’d get back to me before now.” Tony’s shoulders sagged. “I probably shouldn’t have let it wait this long.” He shook his head. “Well, too late now. I need to find the perfect gift that will make him realize he one hundred percent should have already said yes to me, but that I’m still willing to accept a yes anyway.” Tony held up his phone, pointing to a picture of an incredibly overpriced lingerie set. “Which is
An odd flicker caught Tony’s eye. He quickly finished the last three bots on the roof and flew over to investigate. A bot was projecting a shimmering hologram—of Iron Man flying into a car, intentionally smashing the windshield. The windshield almost got smashed in reality. A group of bots were hurtling towards it with a clear goal.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, extremely tired and completely uncaring about putting on a show for people anymore. “Let’s get dinner.”
today,” Rhodey said before he and Carol stepped back, giving Wanda a bit of space. “I hope you don’t mind fast movers because Carol gets real handsy real quick.”
“Are you nuts?” Jennifer raised an eyebrow very critically. “The last thing you need is a big law firm coming to slam down the little guy. Your reputation took a hit with this guy’s accusations. Luckily, the furor around your soulmark—congratulations, by the way.”
Laughing, Matt carefully tugged Foggy away from a thick collection of ice. They walked a bit farther, both considering what to do next. Both knowing what they wanted and thinking, hoping, the other was on the exact same page.
Pepper shook her head as Steve left, but he didn’t mind. Her career was in publicity and management. Of course she was going to be concerned. Steve was grateful for her insight. He just didn’t really feel like a new soulmate match was going to stay relevant for more than one or two news cycles.
When everyone else was quiet, Vision stated, “Steve has always been extremely enamored with you, Tony. It has interfered with more than one official Avengers mission.”
Tony glided easily through it, looping around once because he was a hopeless show-off, and then casually landed in front of the threesome. “Afternoon,” he said as he let Steve go.
an ass,” Sam said, dragging his hand down his face. “Are we done? I could be doing basically anything else with my time right now.”
Peter had left. Saying he had to go, he was sorry, something had come up, really, he was so sorry. Johnny had to let him go. It had taken five weeks before he’d seen Spider-Man again, but then he’d gotten to meet Peter, so it was worth it.
Tony’s eyes narrowed in concern. “Steve…” Suddenly Tony was walking forward, getting right up in Steve’s face. “You’re crying.”
“Yes!” Sue interrupted, glaring right back at him. “You have! By keeping him as this huge secret, you’ve really put us all in crisis mode.”
An alert popped up showing Steve running to the roof. Just as the door was thrown open, Tony took off, circling around to grab Steve, who immediately threw his arms around Tony without question.
“Excellent. Have a good night, gentlemen.” Jennifer hung up, her picture disappearing into tiny particles that evaporated away.
Tony made a face. “What do you mean, really? Of course really.” He hesitated. “Well, it’s not a material gift. It’s more of a… gesture.”
That was really how Tony was going to be thought of now. Even the board had said it. ‘Captain America’s soulmate’. He’d worked hard his entire life, had made a name for himself despite his father dragging him down, and now all anybody was going to care about was his soulmark.
“Ah ha! I knew it!” Tony slapped his gauntleted hands together, creating a metallic ringing sound. “I’ll tell you what. You agree to not kill anyone for the next year, just to try it out, and I’ll outfit you with better armor than you’ve ever had in your
They walked out onto the balcony, and Tony noticed Steve waving his hand in a shooing motion at Sam, who was making kissy faces. Tony’s eyebrow raised as his heart soared.
“What?” Steve paused. “That it’s an amazing gift? Yes. It’s incredible. If we can get Frank Castle to agree to stop killing people, imagine what else we can do.”
Steve’s mouth thinned. He couldn’t have that on his conscience. Still, he didn’t think it was right for paparazzi to take pictures of them without them knowing. Before he could think of how to reply and somehow salvage the situation, the man took a short step towards them, peering at Tony.
Jameson’s eyes narrowed. “Why are you doing that?” He waggled his finger around. “Fiddling with your shirt? Do you know who Spider-Man is?”
“—and I just really think that, deep down, you do actually want to be a good guy. That’s why you chase down these criminals, right? You want to help people.”
Castle nodded. “Fine. Drop it off at this address.” He listed off a building that F.R.I.D.A.Y. recorded and informed him was an abandoned lot. “I’ll pick it up tomorrow.”
Tony slowed down, taking his time flying back to Avengers Tower. “I think Clint was right,” he mused.
Tony was bent over one of his worktables, head nodding along to whatever rock track he was currently enjoying. He stopped suddenly, looking annoyed. “F.R.I.D.A.Y, put my music back on.” Steve couldn’t hear a response, but obviously she had said something to him because the next moment had Tony looking up and over at Steve.
no matter how well-intentioned. I support the privacy of the LGBTQIA+ community. IRT that video, in short: it’s a no from me. 19/19 END
“Do we know who these bots belong to?” Pepper asked, nodding to Tony as she flew by him and circled back around, calculating a way to destroy the bots without damaging the gridlocked cars.
Pepper clapped her hands. “Okay! Cassie, I’m going out to answer a few questions. See if I can’t get some of the reporters to leave. Why don’t you shrink down and follow me out? You can still make it to school on time.”
As the HUD came on and gave him all the relevant information, F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s voice came through the speakers inside his helmet. “Not that it’s in any way relevant, but I did notice there are some areas of my processing that are slower than others.”
Tony shrugged. “It doesn’t mean anything.” He called the elevator to bring them down to the workshop. The suits had to get put away before anything else. “So he’s used to my comments. So what? The team’s full of sarcasm and snarky remarks. I’m not the only one he hears shit from.”
“There are reports of robots destroying city property,” she stated. “It is my recommendation to assemble immediately.”
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “I would take this stance for anyone on the team. I know we don’t usually work together, but you should at least know that much about me.” He let go of Pietro’s shoulder once there was a bit of distance between him and Tony.
“Why is everybody surprised? Like you all haven’t heard me flirt with him before.” Tony scratched the back of his neck, suddenly wanting to pull his blanket back up but too stubborn to actually do it and admit defeat. “I flirt with everyone. Is it jealousy? Is that it? Three soulmates not enough for you, Danvers?”
He turned his face to the right side. It was unavoidable. Truly. Steve had a big hand, and he’d used the entirety of it to mark Tony. The mark was in the exact shape of a handprint—obviously—and spanned from his hairline down to his jawline. The mark covered the edge of his mouth and the side of his nose. It was half of his face. His
“Okay, that’s it.” Cassie’s booming voice crackled through the car, shocking everyone. “I’ve asked you all politely. Now you’re just being difficult.”
Steve’s eyebrows went up. “I’ve always loved the idea of soulmates, Tony. It’s why I was willing to wait however long it took to meet mine.”
“Of course.” Steve held out his arms, grinning. Tony easily lifted him up. “Best transit in the city.”
Tony sighed. “You know, I’ll do it, but only because I’m incredibly magnanimous. I have my own problems. Is that shocking?”
“I mean I’ve been in love with you for years,” Steve stated. “You’re one of the people I trust the most in the world. I’m not going to act like we don’t have a solid foundation of friendship here. If you wanted to try something with me, I know you’d bring it up because you honestly want to and you think I’d enjoy it, too. Whatever that means, I’m open to exploring it with you.”
Carol shook her head, smiling at Wanda. “None taken, sweetheart. We know what you meant.” She sighed. “It is
The man who threw the brick began to turn and run, along with some of his friends. Sam ran forward, vaulting over the podium as he shouted, “Oh no, you don’t!” Bobbi ran right after him, both of them sprinting. Sam caught the man in only a handful of seconds. He grabbed the man’s wrists and brought them behind his back. Bobbi crossed her arms, happy to provide disapproving stares and an intimidating presence.
Tony wasn’t buying it. She was far too ready for that subject change. “That was yesterday. Your brain is muddled from space time.”
“Oh, you are? That’s nice.” Tony sounded quite calm. “Bobbi, how do you feel about becoming a widow? Natasha says it’s great. She’s never wrong. She told me so herself.”
Namor strode forward with the confident impatience he did everything in his life with. Sue and Reed moved easily after him, and Steve held the door open for Tony, who squeezed his waist as he walked by.
Steve looked out and saw Sam and Bobbi were speaking with a police officer. Good. He knew they’d take care of the situation until Tony decided what he wanted to do. Bruce and Clint began walking offstage—Clint smirking at them and Bruce searching for the car.
“We’ve got to meet with the Fantastic Four after this,” Steve said, moving to the side so Tony could walk by.
“Nah, just whatever’s on.” Tony muted the television and readjusted himself to face Steve easier. “It’s late for you to be wandering around.”
The silence was only interrupted by Tony’s occasional orders to F.R.I.D.A.Y., who seemed far more inclined to appear polite and respectful now that Steve was listening in. Still, it helped the work speed up immensely. In fact, Tony felt he was almost done when F.R.I.D.A.Y. interrupted with an alert.
Tony casually strode into the kitchen, eyed the lack of both Captain America and available seating, and hopped up onto the edge of the island, letting his legs dangle off the side. “What’s for lunch? Given the turnout, I’m expecting something spectacular.”
As Tony was cruising along in the sky, pretending to be keeping an eye out for trouble as he actually searched for gift options, F.R.I.D.A.Y. alerted him to actual trouble.
Tony’s smile nearly broke his face. “I’m so glad to hear it.” He cleared his throat. “I hope you’ll find this can be a long-term change, even after the year’s over.”
Rhodey spread his hands out. “I have so much wisdom to offer growing youths in these trying times.” He let his hands drop. “Seriously, though, I’m sure Vision and Wanda would love an update on the kids. Could you check on them?”
does. We’ve had some pretty crazy superhero soulmate reveals in our time. Let’s review a few of them before we take tonight’s calls.”
right there on Tony’s cheek! It was amazing. He smiled goofily, hoping that Tony was feeling as good as he was.
“Is it a supervillain? Like.” She inhaled sharply. “Is it Doctor Doom? Look, if it’s Victor, we can—”
Matt Mercer’s face appears on the screen, wearing a quick cosplay of Tony—his hair slicked back, sharp-looking goatee, and instantly recognizable soulmark painted on his right cheek.
The second: The rest of the team was too far away to react in time. Steve wasn’t entirely sure how many of them saw it, but he was absolutely certain none of them were prepared to defend Tony in that moment. Clint, Bobbi, Sam, and Pepper were all unarmed—if any of them had their weapons, they might have been able to deflect what was essentially an incoming missile attack. Bruce could have done it if he had been in Hulk form—as it was, he’d have to take a minute to transform. That would be fifty-eight seconds too long.
Pepper stepped forward, placing one hand each on Steve and Tony’s shoulders. “Congratulations,” she murmured. “Do you want to make a comment or just leave?”
“She texted me when she saw the main gate was blocked,” Pepper explained. “I took her up on her offer to help.”
The entire table claps and cheers for a few seconds, which moves quickly into some of the players laughing, nodding, and talking amongst themselves.
Raising an eyebrow archly, Natasha quipped, “I’ve supported you making an ass of yourself more times than I can remember, Steve. Not gonna stop now.”
were always going to have to deal with media attention when they matched. But this is a level I doubt anyone expects to have to endure. 16/?
Steve stared back. Everyone knew Tony was vain, to a certain point. He spent a lot of time on his appearance. He bought fancy suits and flashy cars. He exuded a charming presence any time he was in the public eye. Steve had never truly gotten the point behind all of that. Tony didn’t need any of it to stand out.
Besides, as one of the leaders of the Avengers, it was his responsibility to take on issues when they appeared. Keeping an open line of communication with the public was a vital task—one that Steve did not take lightly.
Tony blushed, a dull red spreading across his nose and unmarked cheek. Steve realized what he said and blushed, too. It wasn’t what he meant. He’d meant to say that Tony could always lean on him, could go to him for support at absolutely any time. It wasn’t entirely surprising that Tony had taken it sexually, but, well, he wasn’t about to take it back. Fact was, Steve was pretty sure Tony actually was the only one who could undress him any time without Steve questioning it.
Tony lifted his glass of apple cider—not in a toast, rather more similar to how he would lift his gauntlet in the middle of a battle. “I’m not saying you’re wrong.” He took a slow sip. “But you
Steve sighed. “It’s for Tony,” he admitted. “I couldn’t find anything for him on my own, and I asked around but nobody had any good ideas.”
Carol smirked. “I love that he’s trying that on a video call. I’m recording this to replay when I need a pick-me-up later.”
“Obviously not, he says. Like I have any idea.” Sue blew out a breath through her nose. “Okay. Well… is it someone inappropriate?”
He swallowed, thinking of what to say. Tony was a gorgeous man. He always had been, ever since they’d first met. The mark didn’t in any way diminish that, in Steve’s opinion. Nor did it strengthen it. Tony was just as he’d always been. Yes, Steve felt a deep-seated sense of satisfaction at having his mark on the man he loved. But did that mean anything in regards to how attractive Tony was? Not really. Steve ended up deciding to go with the truth, as usual.
Tony dropped his head on his worktable. He only had a few facts to work with when it came to his soulmate. Absolute facts that he was sure of, not ideas and hypotheses. He had to work with what was known first. He could progress from there.
Steve wasn’t stupid. He knew Tony would have some things to say about his soulmark. Steve had taken his lumps for decades. He was ready for it. Tony was a reasonable man. He dealt with math, science, logic, facts. Steve was sure he would understand the nature of their situation. Maybe it was a matter of them needing time to adjust to their new life together.
Okay, maybe this isn’t year-round advice, but show more skin when you can! Have you ever bumped into someone but your skin was separated by a layer of clothing? They may have been your soulmate! Yeah. Be paranoid.
“It’s about time,” Johnny said, shaking his head. “Feels like everyone was waiting for you guys to come out.”
Tony leaned in for another kiss as F.R.I.D.AY. announced, “Mr. Stark, the other Avengers are ready to leave for the New Year’s Eve party.”
“I’ll take it under advisement,” she teased. Then she tilted her head and asked seriously, “What’s wrong?”
“Thank you,” Pepper said, turning to leave. Spider-Man quickly slung down to the ground, landing next to her.
“I know you’re the artist,” Tony said, shaking his head. “But the verbal order of the colors is very relevant in this specific case.”
“Clint!” Bobbi said, slapping him upside the head. “It’s not that bad,” she attempted to reassure Tony. “It’s very…” She trailed off, looking to the others for some sort of help.
Not wasting any time, the car drove through the gate, passing safely through Cassie’s feet. The gate closed automatically behind them, blocking the vans that were trying to find a way to drive in around the Cassie blockade.
Narrowing her eyes at him in an extremely critical manner, Bobbi replied, “Because the story of the year just happened?”
“But I just told you I loved you,” Steve replied, staring at Tony, trying to understand. “And you waved me away.”
There were a million places that could have a good gift for a guy like Steve. He would love anything handmade, something from a small mom & pop place, or even something relating to a charity. Tony wasn’t… the
! Here at Central Park, Steve Rogers and Tony Stark have just given each other their soulmarks! Get closer, get as much as you can!”
What with Billy and Tommy out as Young Avengers and Viv on her own team—was it the Champions, or did they already disband? He wasn’t entirely sure. He could ask Ironheart, but all the kids tended to run off and do their own thing. Maybe Clint would know. He wasn’t really an adult yet. Tony sighed. “I’m getting old. Babysitting the new teams. I’ll throw my back out. Join Steve in the nursing home.”
Namor did something with his mouth that caused Reed to blush and remove his hand. “Do not attempt to silence me, Reed. It will not work.” He looked to Tony. “You and Steve are now kings of earth, yes?”
“He left with Carol and Wanda,” Steve answered. “I think they were going to get Vision and then head to space.”
Sue smacked his arm. “Don’t tease me! I’m worried about you!” She frowned, her brow crinkling in concern. “I’ve been worried about you for two years, you jerk!” Her fingers quickly rubbed the bottom of her eyes—the only indication that she was near tears.
With that firmly in mind, Tony made his way to the briefing room on the main floor, figuring he would be one of the last ones there. Surprisingly, he arrived before most of the others. Including Steve.
Tony licked his lips nervously. “I always dreamed about meeting my soulmate, about getting my soulmark. But, Steve, I never thought it’d be like this.”
“It’s quite pricey.” Tony scrolled down the page, inspecting the variety of colors. “And there’s more than ten color choices. That’s pretty good.”
attempt to navigate a situation no one has ever been in before. As superheroes, and the two most famous (arguably) ones at that, they 15/?
“Fine.” Tony felt highly aggrieved. “I guess they can take a holiday since they found more soulmates to add to their collection.”
Steve grinned as he hopped up on a stool, placing his sketchpad and pencils down on an unused corner of the table Tony was currently sitting at. He flipped open to a clean page. “You know I’m pro-union.” Dum-E whirred up next to Steve, slowly moving his arm up and down. “Aw, thanks, Dum-E. You too.”
“There’s really not,” he replied. “I can’t tell you much because it’s all on his side. But, Sue, honestly. Don’t you think I want to tell you about him? Don’t you think I’ve wanted him to meet everyone from day one? He has some stuff going on that means he wants me to keep everything a secret.”
Steve stared at her for a few seconds. Then he put a hand on her shoulder and squeezed. “Yes, it does,” he said. “That’s exactly what it means.” He smiled kindly at her. “But thanks, Nat. Good to know I have your support if I ever decided to make an ass of myself and go for it.”
Steve tried to stay serious, but Tony detected a note of amusement in his voice. “We’re always fighting robots. They never take space honeymoons. We can give them a break, can’t we?”
Tony bounced a bit faster. “You’re getting close.” He waited about two seconds before saying, “Forget it, I can’t wait anymore, you lose. Wanda teleported over—”
A short buzz indicated the lock on his door released. Then the door hissed as it opened, allowing Tony to hear the elevator ding just down the hall.
“I can’t believe they’re making holograms of me,” Tony bemoaned. He slouched then sat up straighter. “I mean, of course they’re making holograms of me. Why wouldn’t they be?”
“Now you’re just getting him excited,” Bruce replied. The now-familiar noises of Bruce going Hulk came over the intercom before the line went dead.
“She’s right, man.” Sam’s shoulders shook with suppressed laughter. “You really put your mark on him.”
“When people say men are walking disasters, this is what they mean.” Carol narrowed her eyes at Tony. “They mean you.”
Suddenly glad he was standing outside, Steve felt his shoulders sag just a bit. Maybe Tony called him beautiful—or the coffee beautiful, he wasn’t sure—but Tony also called Pepper his darling. Within the same minute, even. It didn’t dissuade him from his decision to confess. It just reminded him how unlikely it was that Tony harbored any reciprocal feelings. Flirting with people was second nature to Tony. Unlike Steve, who found himself stumbling over the slightest attempt to suggest he found a person attractive.
A sound of bodies colliding caught Steve’s attention. He looked over to find that two people had bumped into each other. One man was just looking up, obviously ready to shout, when his face froze as he recognized the other man was… oh no,
Steve took the gift, unwrapped it, and opened the box that also contained a key. He looked at Tony, confused.
“Nipples!” Jameson shouted, startling Peter really badly in several ways. “Give me nudity! Chests, at least!”
The bullets ricocheted off of Tony’s armor. “We both knew that wasn’t going to work,” he commented. “And you know I could stop you in your tracks right now, so can we cut to the chase here?”
Steve got into the car, sitting next to Tony. As they drove away, he decided to worry about it later. For now, they had a press conference to deal with. Members of the media could sometimes be too overbearing, but Steve had always felt a heavy respect for what they did. Not the tabloids, of course—he was in the firm category of believing that a person’s private business was not appropriate for public consumption. But the actual journalists who went out and reported on important news and events, Steve welcomed the chance to help assist them by explaining his side of the story. He hadn’t always felt that way. Years ago, when he’d dressed up and performed on stage, he thought gossip and tabloids held a certain appeal as a way of escaping difficult times. Now that they were more focused on revealing intimate information, Steve didn’t have such a positive view.
He flew up to the roof and took a quick scan of the situation. It appeared a few bots had been detected making their way to a new area ten blocks south of the previous target. Bruce and, shockingly, Pietro were both on their way.
How did Steve feel about it? Not just marking Tony’s face, but about being soulmates? Tony had been flirting with Steve for years, and the man never made any move towards him. He’d called Tony beautiful, which was… nice, but that had only happened after the marks appeared. Was he interested in Tony now? And, if he was, was it only because Steve now knew that Tony was his soulmate?
“Who masterminds their big evil plan for when nobody can go anywhere? I mean, yeah, it’s good in theory for having more victims in play, but you
Running footsteps caused everyone to turn and look as a complete stranger stormed into the kitchen, wearing a pizza delivery hat and pulling out a camera from his backpack.
Dum-E came over to Steve, whizzing around him. Steve handed it the helmet. It chirped happily and scooted away.
“Can’t we just get a name?” Sue asked with a small smile. “You’ve been dating this guy for two years.”
Cassie spoke slowly, her voice already amplified by her larger form. “I need all non-Avengers to clear this area. Please drive away from the gate.”
Steve came from out of nowhere—at least, that’s what it seemed like to Tony—and pressed his hand to Pietro’s shoulder, pushing him away. “That’s enough, Quicksilver. If you need to speak to your sister, we can arrange that. There’s no call to harass Iron Man.”
“I am!” Steve took a breath, trying to gather himself. “Just getting my thoughts together. That’s all.”
Tony’s shoulders relaxed slightly. “You’re right. You’re right as usual, Steve. Thanks.” He took a step to walk away, then made an incredibly awkward one-eighty on his heel. “Hey, can we talk? Like right now?”
Tony put his elbows up on the table and brought his milkshake closer. “You’re a romantic. I knew it. I
He slid his cell phone out of his pocket and quickly thumbed over to one of his most-used contacts: Hot Stuff. It only took a few moments for his boyfriend to answer.
Turned out to be Sue. “It’s not really relevant. Johnny never wants to talk about his secret boyfriend. That’s all.”
“—just joining us, it’s true that less than two minutes ago, Rogers and Stark became soulmates! They appear to be debating their next steps. It’s true that a public soulmate match can be tricky for many reasons, and in this case, we can only imagine the social and political—”
The truth was that Tony was torn—completely on two differing, opposing sides of the matter. On one hand, becoming soulmates with Steve was a literal dream come true. For Tony, it was more like several hundred dreams come true. On the other, Tony couldn’t look at his face without flinching, gritting his teeth, or frowning. He didn’t know how anyone could happily accept a sudden face tattoo. Especially one that was a fucking American flag.
” He quickly grabbed Steve’s shirt, accidentally pulling it out from where it was tucked into his jeans in his haste. “Steve,
“On youtube. Or any other channel in existence because it was all anybody was playing for the whole day. I’m actually surprised to be taping right now, I was pretty sure they were going to cancel my show tonight so they could replay Cap and Tony giving the ol’ hand-to-hand coloring for the three hundred and eighty-fifth time.”
A short silence passed between them, existing because both of them knew that wasn’t the real issue and talking to the team wasn’t going to help anything.
“How did you hear about that?” Tony asked, flabbergasted. He sat up straighter, leaning back against his pillows. “You weren’t even
“Looks like it’s time to go,” Spider-Man said. He shoved the second piece in his mouth and shot out a web to grab two more.
Still, he wouldn’t have traded this opportunity for anything. He wanted to get closer to Tony—well, not closer. That was probably impossible given their history. But at least changing the nature of their relationship to be more romantic. That he could do. They had both indicated a desire to do so. Now it was up to Steve to keep up his part of the bargain. He had to make an effort to show Tony how he felt. Apparently he hadn’t been clear up to now. That had to change.
“Ow,” Tony said, more in acknowledgement of the situation than in any real pain. “Why are your abs so hard? Are you trying to give me brain damage?”
@FarLeftDinoFem @ChaseChaseChase @mollylolly @niconoir @majesticdean SO WOW Cap and IM are gay, huh? Would you look at that! #SuperSoulmates
Early update as a gift to myself! I couldn't wait any longer to post when the plot starts rolling. Enjoy!
Tony looked up at Steve, the corners of his mouth turning down. “I don’t like my soulmark,” he breathed out—like a secret he wasn’t sure he should share.
“Tony,” Steve replied, smiling back. “This is a room that only has a huge television and several couches in it. It’s very clearly a television room.”
Steve took a moment to collect himself. Then he calmly stated, “Namor, I appreciate that you’re trying to help. But the kind of help you give is not what we need right now.”
A holographic screen projected about three feet in the air above Tony’s bed. He narrowed his eyes at Rhodey, who seemed far too happy.
Sure, Steve was on his mind, but that wasn’t anything new. Steve was always on his mind. He had to work around his no-so-secret bisexual desires. Luckily, he was a genius, so he could lust for his incredibly attractive soulmate at the same time as he made on-the-fly adjustments to the plans for upgrading his armor. This issue with the casing was only a small crack in the road.
Pepper leaned forward and spoke clearly into the microphones. “Thank you all so much for attending. We ask that you respect the privacy of Captain Rogers and Mister Stark as they venture into this exciting new period of their lives.”
@ChaseChaseChase DUH CHASE DUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
This wasn’t the first time they’d done this, far from it, but Steve had told Bucky and Natasha that he’d try to confess to Tony tonight. That weighed on him. It was hard to keep his feelings under control at the best of times. Tony flirted hard with a lot of people. Steve was no exception… except, of course, in that he actually wanted something to come of it.
In that toxic environment, it’s vastly difficult for most average men to come out. This is also backed up by evidence such as statistics 3/?
Tony pressed his lips together. “Well, no; no, you didn’t. You kissed my suit.” He held up his hands. “And hey, I get it. It’s an impressive suit. I’m horny for it, too.”
“He should be honored that you’ve been choosing him over your family for the past two years,” Sue stated, voice monotone.
After a few seconds of tense silence, Steve’s voice sounded heavy as he asked, “Is it really that bad to be my soulmate?”
Steve didn’t see how that could possibly be true, especially given how the crowd behind the reporters began cheering when Tony stepped out. Tony held up his hands, waving at the crowd. He was a natural at this kind of thing. Steve stepped out afterwards, making his way to the podium on the stage as the car pulled away.
Foggy cleared his throat. “Hey, Matt! I’m over here!” When Captain America looked his way, Foggy waved at him—forgetting that he was holding a frappuccino and immediately spilling it over his hand. “Shit,” he fervently cursed. Looking up quickly, he seemed panicked. “Uh, sorry! I meant, uh, shoot nuggets!”
“Hey, guys! Welcome back to another night of defeating darkspawn, blood mages, and evil templars in Thedas. Before I get started, I got several messages from my followers asking if I was going to celebrate Captain America and Iron Man’s soulmate reveal. Uh, of course! It’s like you don’t know me at all!”
Pepper pushed her helmet into Tony’s space, quite aggressively in his opinion. “You flirted with Steve!”
Johnny stared up at the ceiling as he made circles, his thoughts matching his actions. He was getting tired of hiding Peter. He knew why he had to keep Peter’s identity a secret. It just… didn’t matter anymore.
Steve breathed in deeply. “The American flag is defined by red and white stripes that have a square in the corner. That square is a blue background with white stars on it. The stars and stripes are actually so definitive of the flag that it has the nickname ‘stars and stripes’. There are no stars
“It’s not. Steve, I’ve been dreaming about you marking me for years. This is just…” Tony trailed off, unsure what to say next.
“I was reliably informed they can’t get to your door,” Jennifer stated. “So I told them to send the paperwork to your lawyer.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Tony lifted up the second dessert in thanks and slowly began to drink it. Once she walked away, he put it down on the table and said, “All right, after this, we’re leaving, got it?”
A short silence fell over the two of them. Steve didn’t find it uncomfortable, despite his foolish disappointment at Tony’s wording. Rather, he liked being in Tony’s periphery. Just being near the other man made Steve feel warm. Like he was home.
Tony ripped the very nicely wrapped paper, revealing a small white box. He looked up at Steve, who nodded at him to continue. Tony popped it open. Inside was a key. Tony’s brow furrowed. “What is this?”
“How am I supposed to speak to her when she’s in space?” Pietro uncrossed his arms and jerked a finger into Tony’s armored chest. “This is your fault, Iron Man.”
Tony shrugged, good-natured but resigned. “Look, if you get a red, white, and blue soulmark with Captain America, I mean.” He shook his head, smirking. “It is what it is. My beautiful face has become even more of a symbol than it was before. I’ll be hearing country-related jokes for the rest of my life.”
“Sometimes. Not this time.” Jennifer shrugged. “These guys are idealists. Or at least, one of them is and the other goes along with it.”
And, even though Johnny rarely brought it up, Peter knew how much it was hurting him to keep his soulmate a secret from his family. Johnny was so close to Sue, Reed, and Ben—even Namor, in an unexplainably odd way. Even
“We did it because we had so many shared Avengers activities, and you know that.” Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve.
Johnny shook his head, closing his eyes and breathing in hard through Sue’s hair. “He’s going to… ugh. I don’t even know.” He tried to calm down, but it was hard to push aside that he’d just betrayed his soulmate’s trust in the one way he was explicitly asked not to. “This is so bad.”
“Yes! Cagey!” Foggy insisted. “And I can’t help you find the perfect gift if you don’t tell me who the lucky guy is.”
Sam moved his hand fruitlessly in the air. “I know! But people are looking for a story, Steve. And this.” He waved a hand between Steve and Tony, who were sitting across from each other. “This is a
“Iron Man did not attack a civilian or store,” Pepper immediately said, speaking loudly and clearly. “We are looking into reviewing video footage of the fight to determine the true cause of this incident.”
“Now you’re just being difficult,” Steve replied, pinching the bridge of his nose in annoyance. “You know I didn’t have any control over where the soulmark appeared.”
, for decades. Although no one knows exactly when they discovered their soulmarks, the entire situation begs the question of how to handle a soulmate who simply isn’t made for you. Or, more realistically, if life forces you apart from your soulmate, and you can’t live together, can’t get along, can barely
Face it, people who stand out are more likely to have others notice them. You want people shaking your hand? Make them
Reed stretched his arm out, using his superpower to clap his hand over Namor’s mouth. Steve laughed. He really couldn’t help it.
“Wear it proudly.” Namor lifted his head, narrowing his eyes at Tony. “It is a badge of honor to be chosen by someone so worthy and handsome.”
Steve bit his lower lip for a second. “We can’t do anything about it now. Why don’t we relax until the morning?”
Tony shrugged, his shoulders jerking in an awkward manner. “Do I?” He shook his head. “I mean, yes, of course I know that. You love everybody on the team.”
“Hi, this is Trish Walker and you’re listening to Trish Talk. Tonight we’re talking about superhero soulmates. That’s right, the topic on everyone’s minds, Captain America and Iron Man discovering their soulmarks on live television. I mean, if that doesn’t make for good ratings, I don’t know
It was a fast trip. They arrived on-scene less than a minute later, before Bruce had Hulked his way over to them but well after F.R.I.D.A.Y. completed her scan, reporting that the nearby buildings were almost all empty. The City That Never Sleeps certainly did have a bedtime—at least, it did in non-tourism areas during the week. There were always some pedestrians around, but it was a huge relief to know there were a lot fewer opportunities for people to get injured this time around.
Jennifer sighed heavily. “You got immediate good press with your soulmark. But there are a lot of people looking to see how you handle this lawsuit. You know how big a deal property damage and insurance issues are to both civilians and superheroes. It’s an ongoing problem, and this is the first time someone’s really trying to get back at a hero. A big-name Avenger, at that. What you do matters.”
Steve nodded. “Of course.” Right as Tony was walking by, Steve grabbed his arm. “Nat and Buck are sparring, if you want to hit two birds with one stone.”
To his credit, the guy only looked surprised for half a second before resignation settled on his features. “Sorry. Can’t do that.”
The first: Tony didn’t see the brick. Maybe taking off his sunglasses had affected his vision. The sun was always bright this early.
Peter felt slightly relieved to finally understand why he’d been called in to Jameson’s office. “You mean the Captain America-Iron Man soulmate thing, right?”
“Now let’s get back to my ultimate Bioware gaythrough. Yes, I’m still planning on doing Mass Effect after this. And no, I’m still not going to skip Andromeda because I am not
Matt nodded. “I get it. But you’re actually better off with my partner. He picks out a lot of my suits.”
“All right, guys, enough joking around,” Steve said, which was strange, since Tony did not feel he had been joking around. “We need to get rid of these bots before they spread out any farther.”
Hey there, list fans! With the news of Captain Mmmerica and Rich Daddy Man going majorly VIRAL, I’m here to give you the top tips to getting your own soulmate!
“Yep.” Tony cleared his throat, ran his fingers along the edge of the glass, then crossed his arms and leaned forward onto the table. “So, uh, how do you feel about that?”
“Then is it on his side? Doesn’t he like you?” Sue sucked in a sharp breath. “Oh, Johnny, is he not into guys?”
“Are you gonna eat that?” Clint pointed to Tony’s second piece of pizza, left forgotten on his plate.
“It’s hopeless.” Tony threw his hands in the air, walking away from Rhodey with the air of a man who’d had enough. “Completely hopeless.”
“Just a few holes,” Tony repeated. “That’s what you call this?” He moved his hands up and down the War Machine suit, indicating the four giant impact craters left from missiles launched directly at his best friend.
They got out of the car one by one, traipsing up the stairs and inside as they usually did. Tony got out before Steve, but instead of waiting outside, he took the steps two at a time with his head tilted towards his phone. Steve sighed. He followed Tony’s lead, heading directly to the front door, blocking his view of the press—and their view of him, which he supposed was the goal here.
Nodding and waving to a few of the reporters on his way out, Peter skipped down the stairs of the Daily Bugle headquarters, feeling depressed. He wanted to be respected for his talents, not shouted at to take salacious tabloid shots.
Steve looked up at the ceiling, a habit he knew was silly but still couldn’t shake. “Sure. Thanks, F.R.I.D.A.Y.” He peeked into the workshop before deciding to just walk in.
for another thread. Even with the knowledge that nobody chooses their soulmate, biases against non-traditional pairings still exist. 6/?
Tony kept walking around, making a point to show everyone where the food and drinks were in case they’d been missed. A holiday party wasn’t complete without some winter beverages and hors d’oeuvres. He found that he didn’t have to guide everyone. Clint had already gotten into the eggnog.
It took him over a month to show Johnny his face. Revealing his identity was a huge risk. He trusted Johnny implicitly. But he knew mistakes happened, and his rogue’s gallery was filled with supervillains who targeted his loved ones. He explained everything to Johnny—about Uncle Ben, Gwen, and realizing he couldn’t take another hit like that. Johnny had understood. Johnny always understood everything Peter threw at him.
The punching bags in the gym were reinforced, which he knew from extensive training sessions. That was good. Steve needed to let loose. He slowly circled the bag, throwing an occasional jab, forcing himself to stay focused, to not let his mind wander off. Again.
Tony took the time to lay out the armor he had arranged for the Punisher. It had taken a bit of effort, but eventually Tony found a good prototype that he was certain would hold up under whatever punishment Castle would give it.
Reed’s head popped up excitedly—his neck literally extending higher in his sudden glee. “Yes! That’s right! Thank you, Ben.” He twisted his elongated neck to look at Tony. “Why don’t you two come to the computer room?”
Even with that initial hesitance and anxiety-ridden wait, Johnny had never really thought Peter wouldn’t want to meet his family. They were the Fantastic Four. Everybody wanted to meet them. But Peter kept arguing that it wasn’t safe. If he didn’t think he could trust the Fantastic Four, who could he ever trust with his secret identity? Johnny had no clue how to fix this.
“You did us all a service today,” Sam states, trying to remain serious as a grin appears on his face. “And for that, I salute you.” He brings his hand up and gives a casual military salute.
Tracking the team was second nature in battle. The suit had been designed to be unstoppable regardless of circumstance, and part of that was Tony not having to hesitate. Each of his strikes could be perfectly aimed due to knowing exactly where his teammates were. Unfortunately, the same couldn’t be said of New York City’s citizens. So while his suit helpfully informed him that Sam was two blocks to his right above a skyscraper and She-Hulk was five buildings to his left running alongside an unidentified bot, Tony still didn’t have a good sense of exactly how many people were in danger.
“Nothing!” Tony exclaimed. Then the Avengers rooftop flashed in his memory. “Oh. Well, he might have kissed me. I’m not sure.”
The camera zoomed in on Steve’s face, twisting in anger as he pointed at a reporter before Sam ran up, smiling as he pulled Captain America away.
“If anyone can, it’s you, Iron Man.” He scratched his chin questioningly. “Aren’t you happy? I know you’ve liked Steve for forever.”
“No, I mean, that would be—like, a way to tell I was dreaming.” Foggy coughed. “Not because I dream about you kissing me or anything, because that would be, well, I meant like
Pietro raised a challenging eyebrow at him. “Hanukkah is already over. If we wanted a party, we would have done it then.”
. I wrote this great fic last year that people really seemed to enjoy, and now here the universe is, giving the people what they want!”
The man held the gesture for another few seconds before he smiled at Steve through the window. Dropping the salute, he nodded at Steve and proceeded to continue walking down the street, away from the diner.
Although ‘coming out’ has little to no relevance or bearing on soulmates. Everyone has heard cases of people matching with unexpected 10/?
@majesticdean its awesome. theyre so surprised. and like nobody else on the team seems actually shocked #supersoulmates
Tony reached up to touch his cheek, running his fingers slightly along his skin. Then he jerked his hand back down to his lap.
None of that was particularly shocking. His workshop was a dangerous, busy place, after all, and he had told everyone time and again to watch where they were walking, wall-crawling, slinking, sneaking, flying, teleporting, dancing, stomping, swinging, and super-speed running. What he hadn’t expected was for Wanda to gasp right as Rhodey and Carol exchanged shocked, wide-eyed glances.
Steve and Tony exchanged a surprised look. There was nobody else in the Tower right now. There were a few other heroes in town, but most of them were busy.
“The second you open that door, they’ll push cameras in here like vultures,” Pepper replied. “Just give it a minute. We’ve got reinforcements coming.”
Wanda put her hand on Vision’s shoulder, gently rubbing back and forth. “We talked about this,” she murmured. “Lots of people get together without marks. They’re nice, but they’re not necessary to love someone.”
“What? As an artist, he has a great understanding of complimentary colors.” Tony gestured to the hanging icicles. “I think the blue and white really pops.”
Sue walked forward and wrapped one arm around Steve and the other around Tony, giving them a mutual hug. “Congratulations,” she enthused. “We were so happy when we heard.”
Tony shrugged. “Fine, I guess I can give Captain America a break once in a while. Yes, it’s Wanda. And she asked if Vision could join them, so…” Tony waggled his eyebrows. “That’s a space, magic, robot, robot foursome, right?”
The third: Tony was fragile when he wasn’t in the suit. They’d been training to help him develop more fighting skills, but he still had the arc reactor in his chest. The brick could hit that, crack it, and then Tony would go into respiratory failure. Even putting worst-case scenarios aside, any person could be severely injured when hit with a brick. Steve couldn’t chance it.
Bruce had also brought along work, but when Steve had asked why he was even coming, the other man simply replied that they needed a Hulk there and Jennifer was already in court for the day. Clint was asleep.
Tony leaned forward into the microphones, taking off his sunglasses and folding them into his vest pocket. “Like Cap said, we’re looking into it. Usually the bad guys leave some kind of calling card, but not this time.”
“You’re right. I don’t.” He smiled at the camera. “How are you? That’s nice. Heard you called Cap’s ass cute in front of everyone.”
Castle walked over and picked them up, wasting no time in strapping the individual armor pieces to his body. Tony waited patiently, knowing Castle wasn’t the type of guy who wanted conversation or assistance of any kind while he was checking out a new set of armor.
Tony licked his lips. “Yeah. I was going around to wish everyone a good holiday. Not sure what some of us celebrate, though.” Tony looked around, happening to glance at T’Challa and Ororo making conversation with the Asgardians who could make it: Thor, Loki, Sif, Angela, and Sera. Jane was also standing nearby, speaking intently with Bruce, Hank, and Jan. “Do you know if Wakandans celebrate Christmas or Kwanzaa? Or some other Wakandan-specific seasonal holiday?” Tony paused. “Is it racist to ask? As in I don’t want to assume they celebrate Kwanzaa, but maybe I should?” He quickly continued, “And is it Yule in Asgard? Yuletide? Is that an Earth-only thing?”
“That ship has sailed,” Clint stated. “Like, all the way out the harbor and taking tourists around the Mediterranean. That’s how far away that idea is right now.” He shrugged like he was just speaking the truth.
daydreams about Steve—he had never gone through a scenario in which the mark took away a part of his identity. He’s imagined the typical ones—a handshake, tap on the shoulder, touch on the back of the hand, or even an accidental mark on his lower back after his shirt had ridden up. Given the nature of their work together, Tony thought there might be other opportunities, too. Maybe Steve would have to carry him out of a collapsing building, and the suit would somehow be broken, obviously; it had to be to allow Steve to touch him. So he might end up with a strong handprint around his wrist or ankle, or maybe his waist. Or, if it went the other way, he might have to rescue Steve. In that case, he imagined getting Steve to safety before pulling off his gauntlets, and marking Steve in the process of getting him medical attention.
Steve walked in about five seconds later, carrying ten pizzas in a tower that entirely covered his line of sight. He slid the pizzas onto the counter and turned around with a sigh. “Give me the film.”
Tony pat Steve’s arm. “Of course it’s safe. I wouldn’t chance that.” He shrugged. “There’s a difference between a suit being stable for flying and being combat-ready, that’s all I’m saying.”
Tony was real. They’d been friends for so long that Steve knew how high the risk was of confessing. He wanted more, but he felt a fear deep in his gut that saying anything to Tony would mean losing him. It was ridiculous. They were already so close. Surely, Tony wouldn’t cut him off?
Sam jogged forward, patting Steve on the back. “Well, that’s typical Cap for you! Truth, justice, and the American way!” He laughed in a very over-exaggerated way. “Thanks for coming, everybody! See you next time!” Sam grinned widely as he physically dragged Steve away from the reporters.
That was a real possibility. Steve had died once in the war. He had been revived through, frankly, a miraculous process that gave him a second chance at life. He and Bucky had discussed it often enough before Natasha—the idea that they had lost their soulmates decades earlier. Steve was happy for Bucky, but he knew the chances were slim of both of them having soulmates born so far in the future.
Were they going to start dating? What would that even look like? They already went out to eat together. They saw movies, took walks in the park, and went on picnics. They played games—sports, board, card, and sometimes whatever one of them made up on the spot. They spent late nights watching TV and took other nights off to go out on the town. They relaxed on their off-time together, too, by simply sitting down and talking about what was going on. What else was there to do that they weren’t already doing? Besides the… handsy stuff.
Although he was used to it, it was always amazing to watch a highly technological picture come to life in front of him. Steve couldn’t help but admire the amount of sheer ingenuity Tony possessed. Even among other geniuses, Tony stood out. Everyone said so. That was why Stark Industries was such a powerhouse company. It was also why Iron Man was a dangerous enemy to have. Tony knew how to use technology in ways other people hadn’t even imagined. But he did it so casually, off-handedly, that it seemed like no big deal.
“Sounds tough,” Tony said. Pepper side-eyed him. Hard. “Is this Fantastic Four visit a group thing?”
“I know,” Tony replied. “That’s why I’m surprised it took you this long to call. Figured I’d hear from you right away.”
Johnny slouched, stretching his legs out and crossing his ankles. “I’m sick of this,” he muttered. At Sue’s questioning look, he continued, “Having everyone on my case about my soulmate! It’s annoying. I wish you’d all stop.”
There were a few moments of utter silence. Tony stood next to Steve, really feeling the brunt of the day. Just that morning, they’d discovered they were soulmates. It seemed like a week ago given how much had happened. And tomorrow was probably going to be just as bad. In fact, it would most likely be a few weeks before everything settled down to normal. Well. Normal for them, anyway.
A second reporter quickly asked, “Is there a new villain in town? Or is this the work of someone we already know?”
“Congratulations on your soulmarks, boys,” the waitress said. She was in her forties—probably too young to be calling them boys, but Steve shot her a smile anyway. He could appreciate an attempt at polite conversation. She handed them each a menu. “Got any questions?”
Tony spared a thought for whatever Hulk was doing in the sewers, and another for whatever Spider-Man was doing wherever he had swung off to, but he had his own mission in mind. On one hand, he thought he’d be more satisfied with getting an answer for how he had been framed. On the other, it only made him even more determined to find who was behind this. Someone had created a realistic hologram of his armor and specifically programmed it to look destructive, to actually appear to destroy civilian property, while these little annoying mini-bots were the real culprits. He was going to find this person. He was.
But that was his point! They were a family of superheroes. They could protect themselves. He didn’t actually get what Peter was so worried about. If someone attacked Reed, he would dodge in some weird acrobatic way or bounce the attack back. Sue would throw up a shield or become invisible. Ben was basically immovable and impossible to injure. Namor… now that he thought about it, Johnny wasn’t entirely sure what Namor would do. Annoy them to death? Show off his abs? At least he could telepathically control fish. That was… something.
Tony’s face twitched as the armor finished covering his body. “You’re being too friendly,” he accused. “What? Do you want an upgrade, too? Are you jealous?”
“You got it.” She took both menus away and headed to the soda fountain machine, preparing their drinks.
Steve walked up with three different watches. He smiled when he saw them kissing, eyes crinkling at the corners. “Aww, you guys are so cute.” He sighed. “But I can’t decide which of these would look best on Tony, so what do you think?”
“Yeah, Tommy, in particular, is not too happy about it,” Cassie stated. “He’s kinda pissed that Wanda just went to space without talking to them first.”
Tony stared at him for a minute before he reached into his pocket and pulled out a very similar small present. “Okay. This is for you.”
They approached Steve and Bucky. Tony tried to make it look less like Carol was forcing him. He wasn’t entirely successful. When the two men saw them walking over, Steve’s eyes softened. That was nice. Tony felt sort of squishy inside at that.
her? Excuse me? One, she’s an adult who can do whatever she wants to, and two, in case you haven’t noticed, I’ve got my own problems to deal with.”
“Fine,” Tony replied. He leaned against the counter and began eating. “Let’s hope they don’t have anyone running into their building.”
Steve ran a hand down his face, overwhelmed by this back-and-forth. “All right. That’s in the past. We should focus on what’s going on now.” He took a deep breath. “You said you weren’t ready to start a relationship.”
Foggy’s head snapped up. “Expensive?” he repeated. “Captain America, I’d be more than happy to help you find a gift!”
Telling Peter was going to be so hard. Johnny had no idea how he was going to break the news. It was like alarm bells were going off in his head.
Namor interrupted in an agreeable tone, “That is a fantastic idea. Weaker humans should make it easier for superior beings to protect them.”
“Kissing while pressing their naked chests together! If you get a bit of dick, we’ll sell out so fast I’ll be getting complaints from the printers!”
“I know you too well to let that slide. What’s going on?” Bucky turned to face Steve, throwing his arm over the back of the couch cushion and crossing his legs.
“Steve.” Tony smiled at him, eyes twinkling. He was slightly exasperated but still fond. Always fond. “It’s a living room.”
Upon reflection, Steve didn’t really know why he was surprised. Times like this, he was absolutely sure he was just as naïve as his critics made him out to be.
“Breaking news! Steve Rogers and Tony Stark, also known as the superheroes Captain America and Iron Man, have just been revealed to be soulmates!” A reporter close to the podium smiled widely at the cameraman from her station. “That’s right! We have the moment their soulmarks appeared on camera! We’re reporting live from Central Park right now as this amazing, once-in-a-lifetime event plays out!”
They finished their milkshakes and loitered. By some unspoken agreement, both wanted to continue the evening regardless of how late it was getting. Still, silently existing together didn’t do much to keep them awake, and Tony specifically found himself getting drowsier.
He could potentially trigger a series of reactions that acting like flipped switches—each one activating one at a time, building up the power incrementally before releasing it as a coil. One major beam that first shot out but was surrounded by infinitesimal additional beams that acted as both additional firepower and a barrier to ensure the energy didn’t leak out and cause damage. That was an idea. It could work, but he’d have to test it on a much smaller scale first because the redesign required to implement that kind of change on his gauntlets would take a substantial amount of time. Besides, his suit would be out of commission for the few days that the upgrade would require. He’d need to make sure one of his standby suits was good to go and possibly ready for long-term use if it ended up the redesigned energy beam didn’t pan out.
“I’m Captain America. Privacy wasn’t ever an option once I took on that mantle.” Steve thought about how to explain it to a civilian. “When someone takes on being a superhero, they know they’ll be in the public eye. Sometimes I wish things were different, but I wouldn’t trade it for anything.”
“We all saw it happen live… except for those of us who don’t watch every single presser superheroes put out.
“Language, Captain Rogers,” Tony teased. He looked down at his hand in surprise, letting go of Steve’s shirt and running his hand down it once to smooth it out. “Sorry about your shirt.”
Everyone began to get one or two slices, and soon enough two of the boxes were empty. Tony stayed sitting on the counter, frustrated.
Four faces appeared on a holographic screen in front of him. Three excited and one hard to read, but at least he was trying. Tony could appreciate that.
“We don’t live together. I go off on missions all the time. I don’t understand why this is different.” Wanda bit her lower lip. “Can you try to contact them again? Please?”
They turned to leave when Ben slapped Tony on the back, causing him to lose his balance and jerk forward a little. “I like your mark,” he said, nodding with conviction. “There’s nothing wrong with having a strong, memorable face.”
Sue’s voice startled him, causing him to jerk clumsily in his chair. Johnny looked at his sister, holding a hand up. “Did you want something?”
She looked shifty. “There’s only a few reasons you would be so secretive. Listen, I swear I won’t judge you for it. Everyone knows you can’t control who your soulmate is. I know you joked when Reed and I marked Namor, but you accepted him. I wouldn’t do less for you.”
In less than three minutes, Tony flew up to Steve’s floor, ready to pick him up. Instead, he saw Steve jump out the window. Tony cursed and zoomed forward, catching him near instantaneously.
11: They matched in a public way that meant everyone would assume they were romantically involved for the rest of their lives.
Tony laughed at him as he headed out. That was fine with Steve. He could do with hearing Tony laugh a lot more.
“See you around, Tony. Cap.” Daredevil nodded at them one at a time before he vaulted away, parkouring up the side of a building in a way that was needlessly dangerous and incredibly showy.
“I do,” Tony breathed out. He was struggling to say something, but Steve couldn’t determine what it was. “Steve, I really do.” He swallowed. “I want this. I want to be with you.”
“Probably off doing spy shit.” Clint’s voice came over the communicator with a heavy sigh. “And now I’m feeling unappreciated.”
Bruce was already walking to the stairs, heading to his lab. Steve was happy to see he’d calmed down. To be fair, it had been a stressful situation for everyone. Steve wasn’t in the habit of calling for debriefs after press conferences, but he was considering making an exception. What would he even say? What
They quickly retreated to the landing pad. Once they were outside and out of earshot, Tony tapped his arc reactor to begin putting his armor on.
“I guess the twins are mad that you left without telling them.” All four faces focused directly on Tony, which was slightly overwhelming. He held up his hands, defensive while trying to keep the conversation light. “Hey, whoa, don’t shoot the messenger, space squadron.”
Namor crossed his arms, glaring at Johnny. “If this man is to be a prince of Atlantis, I must meet him. He must be deemed worthy. A difficult feat for one so cowardly.”
“He is,” Steve assured. “Tony’s… he’ll make sure everyone else is taken care of first before he gets to himself. That’s not how people see him. But that’s how he is.”
Ororo held up her hands, her eyes lighting up in white as clouds began to gather above them. In a few seconds, snow began to fall, lightly coating the grounds around Avenger Tower.
Tony took a moment to gather his thoughts. Steve was most likely being honest. The man was truthful to a fault. And always so earnest about it, too.
“It’s not that I’m trying to be argumentative,” Wanda argued, causing Vision to nod next to her, immediately on her side. “It’s just… can we really call it a Holiday Party when it takes place on Christmas Eve?”
“Use a mug!” Tony gestured to the collection of mugs they kept on the table holding the coffee machine. “That’s literally why they’re there!”
Carol’s hand appeared much bigger as she waved it in front of the camera. “I really like your mark,” she commented. Her hand dropped as she gestured to her own suit. “Obviously I’m biased, but the red and blue make such a statement. I love it.”
Tony flew in front of Castle’s face and pulled up his faceplate—not to block his progress, but to really look at him. “This isn’t a war zone, Castle. This is New York.”
Jameson angrily fisted his hands on his desk. “But I need front-page worthy photos of this whole mess, so I’m counting on you to deliver them.”
Steve hugged her back, smiling brightly. “Thanks! It’s been…” After a thoughtful pause, Steve finished, “Completely crazy.”
Tony slid off the counter and went over to get himself two slices of pizza. When he turned around, Steve was right behind him. Tony looked up questioningly.
Steve quickly looked up at Tony, expecting a joke or maybe some critical judgment, but Tony was only calmly sipping at his milkshake. There was a moment where Steve considered it, but he shook his head. “Us old guys can look after ourselves.” He grinned. “Besides, I’m on a date.”
“Do you think I’d give you bad legal advice, Tony? Really?” She held up her hands. “Listen, I set up a meeting for you tomorrow to meet with them. I emailed you all the info. If you want to go another way, fine, that’s your prerogative. But don’t say I didn’t try to help.”
“A handshake would’ve solved this,” Steve continued, shaking his head. “A simple, normal, average, hello, nice-to-meet-you kind of handshake.”
Tony thought he’d be more distracted by Steve’s presence, but he ended up feeling more relaxed than he had in a while. Steve was comforting to him. Even though Tony knew there was no chance of them being together, he still had a deep-rooted sense of calm when the other man was near. Probably one of the reasons they worked so well together was just how much Tony trusted him. He figured it ran both ways, since Steve parked himself in the workshop to create his art a few times a week.
Not that they had any casualties last time—they hadn’t, but the brick-thrower was on Tony’s mind. He had definitely left an impression. Tony was going to be on the lookout for what was causing property damage. There had to be an explanation. He was going to find it and bring it to the lawyers tomorrow, thereby clearing his name and moving on from this ridiculous accusation.
Tony nodded. “Yep! It took quite a bit of wheeling and dealing, but in the end he was no match for my dazzling wit.”
@mollylolly @ChaseChaseChase Perosnally, I’m not surprised it took this long for Captain America and Iron Man to touch each other. 1/?
Wanda pushed forward a little, her face inching closer on the screen. “You guys made international news! It was quite the video.”
And that was part of the problem. Tony didn’t want to have any negative feelings about his soulmark. He didn’t want to have to tell Steve that it was hard to look in the mirror. But Steve never appreciated lying. And Tony didn’t want to hide the truth.
A few seconds in front of the mirror calmed him down. He was Iron Man. People loved him, too. It was idiotic beyond belief to compare himself to some mystery person who Steve might never meet. They were best friends. That was enough.
This was just like all the other times Tony had commented without receiving anything in response. He didn’t mind showing affection towards Steve. A lot of people had affection for the guy; Tony knew he wasn’t alone. And maybe that’s why Steve stayed silent about it. Tony’s compliments got lost in the crowd. That was fine. He didn’t really need recognition—or anything—from Cap. He knew they were close. That was enough.
“Yet you never flirted with me,” Tony stated. “You never said anything. Why didn’t you say anything?”
A ten second clip plays of a flyover right outside of Avengers Tower, showing a large group of people carrying signs with slogans such as ‘Steve & Tony <3’, ‘We LOVE our SUPERHEROES’, ‘My heroes are LGBT!’, and ‘#SuperSoulmates’. One person holds up a print out of Tony’s face with an American flag pattern on his right cheek.
Tony scratched his finger against his forehead. Fine. He needed to get Steve something that would really wow him. Something that would really show him that Tony would make a fantastic romantic partner.
When he got back, Tony was fast asleep. He had put on a different pair of boxers and a tank top, which made Steve smile. They had the same idea, after all.
They both laughed, and Steve immediately felt reassured. Maybe he really was just overthinking it. Sam was right—there hadn’t been a chance to talk to Tony, and he shouldn’t take that as anything other than proof they were both busy men. Tony wasn’t avoiding him. So what that his soulmate reveal didn’t go like he had always imagined? It was still amazing. He was still matched with a man he’d been in love with for years. Steve couldn’t believe his luck.
—his eyes had felt like they were stretching out, reaching as far as they could to see if there was any change to Spider-Man’s fingertips. And there was. A red, orange, and yellow mark on the inside of his thumb and forefinger. Johnny had been ecstatic.
Steve really wanted to focus more on what Tony was saying, but he could only stare. There, covering most of the right side of Tony’s face, was his own handprint. Shining brilliantly in a pattern of red, white, and blue that shimmered slowly in a wave-like pattern. The design exactly matched where his hand had instinctively gone to protect Tony—the bottom of his palm rested along Tony’s chin and covered the right half of his mouth, the side of his thumb went up along and over the right side of Tony’s nose, and the rest of the mark spread diagonally up, separating into four distinct fingers that went by Tony’s ear and up into his hairline. The mark shone through underneath Tony’s goatee, and Steve suddenly realized that Tony was still looking confused.
For all the talk of Matt being the Man Without Fear, it was Foggy who made the next move. He bumped his shoulder playfully into Matt’s, loudly announcing, “You kissed me. You kissed me in front of
stripes on your soulmark.” He waved at Tony’s cheek. “It’s got the colors, but that doesn’t make it the American flag.”
“—not the first time an Avengers press conference has been interrupted by protestors, but this time it appears the man is complaining about damage to his store. We don’t have the entire situation yet, but—oh my God!”
“It’s very couple-y,” Tony added because he’d never learned to shut up and he wasn’t about to start now. “You know that, right? Giving a key to someone is a thing that’s a milestone in a relationship.”
Namor waved a hand in the air, dismissing the idea. “He does not have the mental capacity for anything beyond unnecessary speeches about his own non-existent majesty.”
Tony closed his eyes. “Yeah. I can do that.” And he should’ve thought of that twenty minutes ago. What was wrong with him? Was he really that jealous of his friends, that he couldn’t think past them collecting soulmates while he remained alone?
“Speak for yourself. I love when they fly!” Sam sounded excited as he circled around to begin chasing more bots down.
Steve paid with a generous tip and picked up Tony, double-checking he had the helmet. Then he headed directly inside. No need to get noticed and stir up a frenzy. Once inside, though, Steve could only think that Tony needed to go to his workshop to take off his suit. So he took the elevator down and waited until F.R.I.D.A.Y. let them in to wake Tony up.
Steve dropped back down into the booth, craning his neck to watch the old man walk away. “It’s pretty late for a guy like him to be out walking alone.”
If you get down in the dumps about still being single, it’s okay to wallow for a while. But keep in mind that sometimes it’s all about math. The more people you meet and touch, the more likely it is you’ll find the one!
“Where’s Bucky and Nat?” Steve asked into the comm, throwing his shield into a bot that was chasing a woman down the sidewalk.
Tony turned on his heel and strode away, heading for the training room. “Yet,” he called out over his shoulder. “I’m not a robot
The burger place was old-fashioned. Despite the clichés and jokes everyone made about him, sometimes he really did feel more comfortable in places like this. The restaurant was mostly painted in light pink and mint green with occasional silver additions. It had a wrap-around bar with barstools set every three feet in front of it. There were booths all along the walls—one underneath each of the glass pane windows. Tables and chairs took up most of the middle of the room. A light-up menu hung above the bar, and small advertisements for specials were placed on every table next to the napkin dispenser and ketchup. The best part was the place didn’t even have an official name. The sign outside was just a neon outline of a hamburger. As an artist, Steve had a healthy appreciation of a good logo.
“We just don’t understand why you haven’t introduced him to us,” Sue said, looking at him with compassion in full big sister mode.
The computer monitors were slightly too bright in the otherwise dark room. Johnny had gotten the short straw in keeping an eye on the program running while Reed got some sleep—thanks to Sue and Namor dragging him to bed. So now he was stuck, slowly spinning in a wheely chair while making sure the screens didn’t do anything ‘abnormal’. Whatever that meant.
Steve leaned his forearms against the back of his chair. “It shouldn’t be too much longer. Thanks for waiting.”
expect to have and dream about. Their soulmarks have become a media circus. I can’t imagine the pain they’re going through as they 14/?
Rhodey gestured towards Tony with a look of someone who was losing their mind. “Can I get a bit of help here? Can you talk some sense into him?”
“Oh, calm down,” Tony said. “It’s not like admiring Doom’s ass is maligning Steve’s ass.” He spread his hands out, palms up. “I can appreciate multiple asses at the same time.”
“Tony and I agree that Clint was right,” Steve said, causing Tony to sit upright, nearly falling off his chair.
Tony dragged the blanket down his face. “Lights twenty-five percent.” He squinted at first, blinking until his eyes adjusted. “Okay, pull up the call.”
It wasn’t that Steve thought they needed to have an incredibly long discussion. But definitely there were a few things that needed to be said to clear the air. He needed to know how Tony felt about everything. He wanted to tell Tony his thoughts, too—that he had wanted this for a really long time, that he was so happy he couldn’t wrap his mind around it, that he was willing to work with Tony on a relationship if that’s what Tony wanted because that was definitely what Steve wanted.
