The road blurs behind his tears. He swallows again, breathes through the sharpness in his chest. It’s good he came out all this way, didn’t try to do this near the bunker. He understands his mom perfectly now. He didn’t get it, before, how she could make that deal — how she could trade it all away, trade her own life and Sammy’s too, just for John Winchester. Just to bring him back. Dean could never understand that, couldn’t understand picking someone over your child, over Sam, even if he hadn’t even been born yet. It was the craziest thing to him that she could have done that.
“But I.” His mouth is numb. He feels like the stupidest motherfucker on the planet. “I did it for you.”
Dean scrolls down, tries to focus on anything else. He should be back in bed with him, instead of here, browsing through the gay panic section of the internet and curling his toes in his socks from the sense memory of Cas’s body covering his.
Sam had said something about the bunker, and Dean’d had no idea how to interpret the look on Cas’s face at that, so he’d tried, stumbling all over himself, “Just for— I mean— if you wanna go someplace else, Cas, you just, we can go anywhere you want— or, I mean—”
,” he gasps, or tries to gasp, not even sure if his voice is coming out of his mouth while his dick jerks against his belly.
Dean puts Asshole’s thumb on his phone to unlock it. He scrolls through his recent texts, grimacing at the contents of the fraternity group chat. “I’ll call someone from his frat,” Dean says, waving Lindsay off when she tries to help.
all right, but what if he could. What if people could talk about him without calling him a man. He thinks a couple sentences in his head.
“Don’t—” Dean catches Cas’s shoulder, turns him back, and then suddenly can’t let him go. Just keeps his hand there, clenched tight against his shirt. “Just gimme a sec,” he whispers, and meets Cas’s eyes. “Shit, Cas. I want all that too. I dunno if I’ve got— if I can love you the way you, you deserve, but— fuck, Cas, I— I want those things too.” He tries to see if it makes a difference, tries to see a softening in Cas’s mouth, but all he has is his own desperate hope. Still, it’s enough for him to ask: “Is that enough?”
fucking there. Dean shouldn’t have said anything. It’s like he can’t stop himself, like he ruins good things so he doesn’t have to see them turn rotten on their own, naturally, just ‘cause he was in them. Cas inhales deeply, and then sighs. “Maybe I’m just tired of hearing nothing back.”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, slides his thumb across Cas’s collarbone and hears his breath hitch, “stay here, all right? Just stay.”
After a minute of silence, Mia says, “That sounds like a scary place to be, Dean. I’m glad you had someone to… to save you.”
“All right,” Claire says once they all have a round of beers and loosened up a bit. “Tell him what you told me.”
And, anyway, none of it’s a lie. She loves him, in whatever strange uncertain way they’ve found to love each other. She loves all of him. “It matters to me, in the sense that you matter to me,” she says carefully. “I want to learn about every part of you. All the important parts.”
“You guys are gross,” Sam says delightedly from the back seat. Dean goes cold. Sam doesn’t mean it in a bad way — hell, from the look on his face this is about the happiest he’s ever been about someone Dean’s, y’know — it’s just.
“Dean,” Cas says stonily, and turns back to his breakfast. Half-burnt toast, ‘cause Dean wasn’t there to make him breakfast, scrambled eggs and honey on his pancakes the way he likes.
“Coulda told you that myself.” Cas tilts the pan to slide the egg onto his plate. Sam wonders where he learned to do that. “You comin’ back today?”
“If it’s so hard for you to say, no one’s holdin’ a gun to your head,” Dean mutters, even if he was the one to push it.
When she’s seventeen, of course, it’s undeniably fear that keeps her wearing plaid and jeans around Dad. All it takes is a week in Bobby’s house for her to feel safe enough to risk something else. She wears shoplifted bralettes under her shirts, shies away from Bobby’s hair-cutting scissors enough times that he gets the hint. It’s an easy status quo to maintain.
He creaks up to standing, wincing as the feeling comes into his toes. Maybe he’ll give the GIS project to the young folks out in New Mexico, put the Great Lakes crew on Wendigo duty. Part of the problem is that he can’t accept the idea of someone getting dead on his watch, someone getting killed on a case he sent them to. Azazel was right to break him with Jess; after that, he would’ve taken any violation just so he could look back and tell himself he hadn’t hurt anybody else.
“Fuck off,” Sam laughs, but he loses the frown, at least, so that’s mission accomplished. After a few minutes there, in silence together, Sam asks, “Shouldn’t you be with Cas right now?”
Cas huffs out a breath. Dean — sometimes he finds himself still on the wrong foot when it comes to what’s normal for people, sometimes blames it on the fact that he’s only just getting to the same number of years up here as he spent in the pit — but he thinks, if he isn’t reading it wrong, that it’s not a happy laugh. It’s the tilt of Cas’s mouth, the set of those eyes. Something is wrong. “I shouldn’t have mentioned it,” Cas says, quietly. “I’ll— good night, Dean.”
She turns around, and Dean takes the mug from across the island, looking up at her, and she. She swallows. There, for just a second, in his face, she saw him. Her baby. Dean. He was a little toddler — he hadn’t grown into his eyes yet. Once, John told her that he’d looked into Dean’s face the minute he was born and saw everyone, saw Deanna and Samuel and Mary and his own parents, too, his distant memories of Henry Winchester and the image of his mother, Millie. He saw all of them in Dean, like they were flicking right by one after the other, like frames in a viewfinder. He loved that boy to death.
“Dunno,” Dean says, even though he knows. He knows it’s that he took on a commitment too big. It’s that he told Cas he loved him, and told Cas he could do this — could get cuddly at the family barbecue and flirty at the Lebanon bookstore and in love,
“I’m sorry for your loss.” Amy munches a fry philosophically, and Dean tunes back into the real world. Cas is dead, you dumb fuck. All you can do is live. “Do you want to talk about him?”
He works it out as he talks, no idea what’ll come out of him ‘til it’s out there. “I kept waiting for it to go sideways, an’ I kept thinking— if you—” Oh, God. “If you see what a mess I am, if you figure out that even— even when it isn’t the end of the world— even when we’re not in fight or flight mode I’m still like this, then you’ll.” He swallows. “Then you’ll go.”
“Yeah— yeah, hah,” he says. He looks at the storeroom around him — he didn’t wanna do this in his bedroom, in case Cas walked in on him, but now he kinda wishes he was anywhere more comfortable. He sits on the floor with his back to the wall. He picks at a thread coming loose off the knee of his jeans. “Just, uh. Wanted to make an appointment.”
She looks up at him from where she’s leaned over the sink, sewing needle in hand, rubbing alcohol in one of Bobby’s mugs. “Nothing?” she squeaks.
Frat Bro must see something in the two of them, and says, “Fuck, okay, yeah, sure,” nodding like a bobblehead the whole while. He hefts his friend up into the backseat of his car, and Dean and Donnie don’t lift a finger to help.
Dean blows out a breath. “Your buddy here pointed a gun in my face, that’s what. I suggest you stop letting him out of the house with arms.”
And Dean remembers Sam giving him something to drink, something out of Rowena’s books, and he remembers them cutting up— he remembers that he’d had to make Sam cut up the jacket he wore the night Cas went, the one with Cas’s handprint on it, ‘cause he couldn’t do it, not even to get a scrap of fabric with Cas’s blood on it for the spell. He’d had to look away. And Dean had drank whatever it was, and it’d hurt so bad, and he remembers Sam’s face terrified over his as he’d collapsed—
“Don’t get dead,” Dean says, ‘cause sure, if Cas is hell bent on fixing this curse then he’s their best bet. Doesn’t mean Dean has to say yes to it. Dean’s said yes to enough evil. “I mean it.”
Cas stands up. Dean watches him stretch. Watches him roll his neck, pop the bones of his wrists loudly. And then Cas’s body blocks out the stars, just for a second, as he hovers over the blanket.
“Fine.” Dean kicks at the ground, and Sam realizes why Mom thought she had to ask about Castiel. “Peachy, even.” He rolls his eyes, and adds, “Four in the morning after a shifter hunt. We’re gettin’ old, man.”
He closes his mouth. Swallows back the words. He ain’t dying anymore. God help him, he ain’t dying anymore.
Cas, for once, is the one to look away first. “Please just go,” he says to the wind, and Dean can’t listen to him. “Please. Just leave.”
“Thank you for sharing all of that with me. I know it’s hard to jump right into a therapy session.” After a light pause, she says, “I’d like to schedule another appointment with you, if that’s all right. I know it can be difficult to figure out what to do when you’re embedded in a situation, and I hope an external perspective can help.”
“Not much of a loss if he wasn’t,” Dean spits, and then sighs. “Fuck. I gotta call him a cab or somethin’, huh.”
Sam rereads the page in front of him. Takes ash, asofoetida, lungwort, and a little bit of spit to get to another realm, and fig to come back safe. Technically, it’s a spell to enter faerie realms, and the page’s header has a woodcut engraving of Rhiannon on a horse, but Sam’s sure he can tweak it for some universe hopping — maybe add a little blood and throw some stuff about other universes into the original Welsh. Maybe boost the mojo by translating it into Enochian.
The two of them go out for their lunch break. Amy pulls out a smoke, which Dean’s tried to tell her is crap for your lungs or whatever the fuck about sixty times, but you lose your credibility when you eat burgers for lunch every day for a week. Dean figures that’s fair enough. She downs two pieces of homemade California rolls in five seconds, and Dean picks at his fries, next to his half-eaten hot dog. He ain’t really hungry. His stomach is just rolling, thinking about Cas.
Sam does it to rile him up, Dean knows, but it still— it works. Sam says, “Hey, been a while since you’ve been on a date, huh.”
Dean moans around the dick in his mouth, looks up at Cas and his eyes get— stuck there. He just keeps looking, with his mouth open and full and Cas’s hips hot and trembling under his palms, fuck. He— he swallows— and Cas gasps, hitching forward a sec before pulling himself back. “Dean.”
Dean bites his lip. He’s old, now, older than most in his line of work get. He ought to have the balls to figure it out. He knows what this looks like. And maybe that’s what it is, but—
Cas presses a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. That — that’s undeniable. Dean’s choosing not to think about it. “Thanks for letting me help,” Cas replies.
into Dean’s ear, jacking him so— so soft, and careful. If he weren’t in his forties and more fucked up in his body than not he’d definitely have another hard on, so small mercies. Still, the back of his neck is warm as he thinks about it. Thinks of Cas thrusting so gentle, right at the small of his back, against his ass, and—
So Dean gets in the car, and stares out past the windshield. He is completely empty. There isn’t a thing inside him. He’s nothing. Null and void.
Yeah, well. Cas doesn’t even seem to care about this Hephael, but he still leaves at night to— what, pay his respects? All that time Dean spent scrubbing at his plates and swallowing down cold omelettes and avoiding Sam’s looks whenever Dean went to sleep alone; all that time, Cas was here.
Cas catches him by the elbow before Dean can leave. “I found some basil growing in an abandoned lot a few miles down,” he says, handing Dean a bundle of leaves. “I assume someone must have planted it and— let it roam free, I suppose.”
Dean kisses the skin above the collar of Cas’s shirt, one of the soft too-big button-downs Dean used to keep in his glovebox in case girls—or Sam—got cold. It’s a nice deep gold color, makes Dean feel warm just lookin’ at him. “Whatcha workin’ on?” he asks, once he catches his breath from the glory of it. Cas in his shirt. Cas in his house. Cas in his chair. Oh, maybe he won’t catch his breath after all.
“Were you pretending when I kissed you?” Cas slides closer and Dean can’t— his chest is full, full with Cas’s voice, his breath, the imagined slide of his skin. Dean can practically feel his touch and he wants it more than anything. Cas says, like it’s something he says every day, “Were you pretending when I made you come?”
“So it shouldn’t surprise me that so few of my siblings fell to this part of the earth,” Cas continues, and Dean looks back at the fucking tree. “Many of them survived. But many of them didn’t.”
Dean, obviously, doesn’t like it. That’s the worst part of it. Sam understands, but Dean hates that she’s leaving. But, hell, she just grew out of her dad’s iron grip. She can’t— she can’t live like that, surveilled in a bunker with no light.
Cas steps back, and inhales sharply. Son of a bitch, you fucked it up good, Deano. “What,” he starts, quiet, quiet the way he always is in the first hour after he wakes up, oh God, “what do you—”
“Got more faith in me than I do,” Dean says. He shakes his head, and asks, “What were you gonna ask me? Before?”
“I mean, you’re here, aren’t you?” She huffs out a laugh. Castiel spots Claire’s car, watches them pull up to the curb. As they get out of the driver’s side door, Kaia says, “But, no, I don’t think so. Everything that happened to me was just crap. I made myself happy. If God’s up there, he doesn’t get any credit for what I am.”
Cas smiles. “There’s a difference between hiding your feelings for me and doing what’s comfortable. It doesn’t matter to me whether Maria knows we’re in love or not, although I’m sure I’m terrible at hiding how I feel about you.”
in red ink after every sentence Dean wrote in his essays that never could hit the minimum word counts. As if you had to actually put it into words, to explain that the whole reason Dean Moriarty and Sal Paradise end up in South America is because the US couldn’t hold them, wasn’t built for guys like that who lived strange transient frantic violent intimate lives, that if guys like that ever crossed the border back into the good ol’ US of A they’d end up dead or dying slow— but Dean digresses.
Cas follows him in swollen, sullen silence to the impala and sets his hands in his lap. Dean pulls out, drives aimlessly, settling on west as the direction with more potential than east, squinting with the sun in his eyes so he doesn’t have to look at Cas.
There’s some shuffling, and then Jack takes over. “I think it’s a dwende,” he says. “There’s a lot of Filipino convenience stores around here, and four people have said that they prey on, uh. The immoral. Which maybe includes drinkers?”
He thinks about the last time he saw Mia. His rage, how dangerous he was. The way Jack flinched away from him like it was instinct. “Last time,” he says carefully, “you saw me when I was in a. A bad place.”
Dean swallows. He can’t open his eyes or he’ll see it all over again. He rubs the heel of his palm into his eyelids just to make pinpricks of color come, to distract him from the hole in his chest. “It’s a long story but he. He had to— had to summon someone, to, to save me. Summoned this. Thing. And he had to have a— a moment of— of true happiness to call it to him. Is what he said.”
“No. Charlie’s going to close the store, it’s the weekend. I’ve asked Charlie to watch the store tomorrow as well. I think you and I need to go somewhere. Just us. And it will give Alex and Dean the time they need also.”
Claire rolled her eyes and debated whether or not to call her father to come get her. Castiel wouldn’t get mad, would he?
“Sorry, you were out the room, the deal was we wouldn’t make out in front of you. Not that we wouldn’t make out.” Dean pointed out. “Besides, I thought we were cool?”
Kevin gave an unsure smile, and looked at Charlie, beginning to make plans with her. Castiel’s gaze drifted to Dean’s back, to where he was preparing breakfast, and he caught the expression on Sam’s face. It wasn’t one that Dean had captured, but a knowing smile. As Charlie and Kevin left, Sam sat forward.
“Love isn’t always wanting to touch each other and stuff,” Dean pointed out. Claire made a scoffing noise. “Oh, yeah, well … that’s just a fun thing your dad and I do. But outside of the cowboy hat, it’s about wanting to just share our lives together, survive arguments together, deal with his teenage daughter as a team. There’s nothing your dad can throw at me that would put me off.”
Castiel nodded, trying not to picture what Dean would look like in a shower. He looked at his watch so Dean couldn’t read that image in his eyes, and when he looked up again, Dean had gone. Castiel heard the footsteps as Dean ran upstairs, and into one of the rooms above his head, and then he started looking around the room again.
“What did you pick out?” She smiled. The girl handed them over, and Claire looked at the covers. “Oh, these are great! My Daddy used to read me this one,” she put it on the top to show it. Castiel looked at the book and smiled.
“You know they’re probably making out in there,” Claire nodded to the back room. The sales assistant didn’t bat an eyelid.
“Okay. Um, I’m going to get back in my jeans so I don’t have to see you crying,” she scuttled back into the changing room, realising she was stuck in the dress without the assistant. She stuck her head back out, catching them kissing, curled up in each other. She made out to clear her throat, and they broke away to look at her.
Castiel observed all of their new interactions, but despite being in the same room as his brothers, he felt like there was a huge gulf between himself and them. He knew he had put it there, knew that they were working hard to get around that barrier and reach out to him, help him, but he couldn’t help himself. He was withdrawing so much from the hurt that Meg was causing. That Castiel had let her cause.
Kevin saw them approaching, and opened the back door for them. Castiel slipped in gratefully, feeling like the limousine was a safe haven, and then regretting that thought immediately. Dean took a few moments before slipping inside, and Castiel could hear him talking with Kevin. It made him happy, to think that they got along already. It made the upcoming events seem not only bearable, but perhaps something to look forward to. When he did get into the car, Kevin shutting the door behind him, his eyes darted around at the limo, barely touching Castiel, who took the opportunity to savour the way Dean looked.
“I was interested in getting a new piece from a skilled craftsman. You come highly recommended.Your assistant said it would be possible to look at some pieces that might be suitable.”
“There’s a game tonight, we want to go. I’m surprised you didn’t remember, Claire!” Castiel said from the front door as he drew the deadbolts. “Her girlfriend is a cheerleader.” He said as an aside to Jack.
And still, she couldn’t stop herself from wrapping her arm around Jack’s waist, letting him pull her closer as they followed Castiel towards a spread of sun loungers that had yet to be claimed. She could feel his warmth seeping through her shirt, could feel every point they made contact tinging. Castiel spread their towels on the loungers, and went to put their wallets and phones in a locker so they could leave their towels without worrying. It was the first time in a while Claire was alone with her cousin.
“I wouldn’t say affair either. I’m not cheating on anyone. It’s a relationship, Sam. Two consenting adults.”
“Tax accountant? No.” Dean gave him a repulsed face as he dragged out the last word, and Castiel gave him a smile.
Dean’s tone was soft, non-judgemental. Like he could remember everything that Castiel had struggled with and was determined not to scare him off. Like he cared still, despite everything. Castiel groaned in frustration at his own pigheadedness, and looked between his fingers at Dean, who was holding his coffee with both hands.
“Now, stop perving on my girl,” Claire added, as Alex led her to their first class. They settled, and the girl who sat next to Claire tapped her on the shoulder.
“Ohmigod, that’s so embarrassing,” Alex groaned, and rested her head against Claire’s shoulder. Claire reached back and gave her fingers a squeeze.
Castiel realised that they were descending into their mental discussion once again, and accidentally leaving Dean's mother out of the discussion. He stepped forward, hand held in front of himself to shake with hers, and offered a small smile.
“I tried. I did, as soon as I realised he’d left the room, I was looking for him. But Azazel found me, and made Luke take me back to finish getting ready and,”
'Faith, the guy's letting us into his house, giving us a decent meal, and maybe giving us some gas in the morning. And he's a freaking legend. Show some respect.'
Faith stared at the spot where Grace had been, frowning as she listened to Castiel and Chuck’s conversation. She wasn’t sure what was going to happen now. It sounded like God had taken her daughter and put her to use immediately. Her daughter who wasn’t a baby, but some kind of energy. It was confusing, and even more confusing that her mother seemed unsurprised at this outcome. She looked to her father, who had a poker-straight expression while he listened, though she could tell he was as put-out over the whole situation as she was.
It sounded like Dean didn’t want to, but Castiel didn’t want to lose the opportunity to have more time with him. He nodded, feeling greedy and selfish, and watched as Dean covered Kevin with a comforter and checked he would be comfortable, before leading the way up the stairs. Castiel followed, trying to drink in all the details, like Sam’s diploma hanging on the wall beside some of Dean’s art certificates, Charlie’s door covered in stickers, Sam’s one plain and Dean’s with a couple of small metalworks sticking out just above eye level. Inside, the walls looked at first as though they were covered in peeling wallpaper, but as Castiel walked in he realised that the walls were crammed with sketches. Sketches from the local park, of Dean’s siblings, some ideas that had already come to fruition and some that Castiel knew Dean would get to work on eventually.
“Obviously there’s something you wanna say.” Dean snarled. Castiel looked away, at the table top, and Dean scoffed before standing up, and helping himself to one of his beers. He slid a bottle roughly across the surface of the table, and Castiel accepted it meekly. “How’s your face?”
“I know.” Claire felt awful, having to have this talk with her. “But we fought so much when we were dating, and I hated that. I think you wanted more than I can give. And I tried, I did Alex. But it’s never come easy to me. And when I look at Dad and Dean, they’re so effortless together. That’s what you deserve, someone who doesn’t have to try to kiss you, who doesn’t freak out when things start to go that way. And I care about you, and I miss you, but I don’t miss that stuff. I miss talking with you, sharing stuff. I want to be your friend, you know? I don’t know how to be anything else.”
'Think of it this way, he's not the messiah for humans, this time. He's something much, much bigger than that.'
Donna’s face flamed bright red, and Jody carefully put a coffee mug in front of Dean, her deliberate movements showing how drunk she really was.
He let her lead the way up the path, and stood at the bottom of the porch steps as she climbed them, and rang the door bell. Her grandmother opened the door.
“Would you rather I don’t text or call him?” Castiel said quietly as he pulled up behind the store. “I have his number, but I don’t have to use it.”
Castiel forced himself to speak up. He didn’t want to seal this deal on the basis of who he was, but maybe that was the information Dean was missing. They hadn’t really introduced themselves, after all. He took the scariest plunge of all.
“Mm-hmm.” Claire nodded, and swallowed her mouthful. “Figured you would want to celebrate. Like, you and Dad.”
“It’s fine. I told you, their vibe was really strong, but Jody’s not one to take crap. She said she felt bad for you.”
Castiel didn’t know what he meant, but he appreciated the effort all the same. He picked the bottle up and refilled their glasses.
Sam breathed out the word and Cas got to breathe too, as Dean’s eyes lit up and he moaned the most sinfully beautiful, gut wrenching sound.
The light glowing from the west wall flickered brighter for a second before it winked out and reappeared on the east instead. He was lost in fiery agony, a fish on a hook on a line in an endless burning sea. And then the wounds were gone, and the east wall lit, bright and ready for a new day.
“And how do you feel about me, Cas? Hoping to spin me a tale, get me to listen? Catch me off guard in the process?”
“S’fine, get outta here” Dean slurred and one hand left Cas’s hip, waving whoever it was away. “I told you, no matter what, leave us alone.”
“I love you, I could love you, we could’ve been so good together.” Dean stroked his back, down his sides, and let hands bracket his hips as he thrust lazily into Cas a few more times. “You know, I bet Sammy saw Lucifer’s wings. Doesn’t seem right that he gets that and I don’t.”
“Without Sammy, what’s even the point? No point hoping without that dumbass. You know that, right?” Dean’s words were soft but his tone harsh and something in Cas curled up inside himself.
Cas’s eyes rolled back, his head hit the wall and he groaned. “Like fireworks. So, it’s... I’m so hot.”
At least he did now, he’d humbled himself enough to realise it wasn’t worth enduring the migraine attacks. He’d rather keep his mind, and give away his body.
“Try this on for size,” Dean said, leaning on one arm, breath close enough to mingle, and holding the cue steady with the other. “And keep making those noises, it’s fucking hot.”
Dean watched as the blood on the bright white walls slowly faded. As the details of his torment disappeared as though they had never existed. One by one every spot of red flickered, gone, sayonara.
“Just to keep you all running in circles trying to save him—’oh no, boo hoo, big brother is missing, we have to look for him’—while I’ve been trying to think up a way to rewrite the draft, so to speak. This is my reset room, once I know how I want it to go, all I have to do is bring you all here and I’ll do a hard erase of the bits I don’t like—and poof. We can start from page one again.”
He shifted on the floor, waiting for the healing that would burn across his skin next. That would close the wounds and leave him whole. Ready to start all over again.
“Told ya, want to be close. The romantics would say I held a torch for you, but I’ve never been much for romance. With you though… we always were good together right?”
Perhaps,” he gulped, curled his toes as Dean brushed his prostate. “You’d have seen how we… we both wanted you, too. How we
Cas buried his face in the mattress, barely hearing, almost incoherent with the litany of hurts and sensation that encompassed his being. Dean laid over the top of him and the smothering weight went deeper than physical. He knew that all he’d ever wanted was to help these men, and that if this was what it took he would have, if he’d been
And then Dean was all over him, hands touching, pinning, and reaching for the lube and Cas couldn’t keep track of Dean’s movements, realised he couldn’t even feel his own hands or feet either. Whatever it was he’d taken before bed, must have still been swimming through his system. The thought struck him that maybe Dean wasn’t here at all. Maybe it was just his mind throwing sensations at him, bringing up old haunting memories. That would explain Dean’s behaviour.
“Call me, when you need help with those wings. I’m not going to be more of a dick about it than I already have been, you’ll need a hand. And… they’ll want it to be me.” Dean turned with a decisive nod and left. Cas wasn’t sure but he thought he heard the door lock from the outside, hemming him in.
“The poor tree,” Castiel murmured, running his finger around the jagged splinters edging one mark. “You must have cared for Benny very much.”
Dean didn't respond, and they soon realised he was already asleep. Garth flopped down nearby and curled around his own pack, and Junior sat down on a nearby stump, watching Faith as she stared up at her father.
“Yes, you are,” Jack murmured in her ear. It was cheesy and a little lame, but still somehow just what she would have expected from her cousin. She turned her head to look at him, and he leaned closer to her, that soft smile on his lips as they closed the distance to hers. And then they were kissing at the lake, surrounded by each other, absorbed in the connection between their bodies.
Claire forced herself to smile, but inside she had a gnawing feeling. How could it possibly be the best first date ever if she wasn’t on a date with Alex?
“He is yours,” the general informed him. “And please, Dean, next time? Save it for a Spartan or two.”
Claire could hear the attention in the room shifting, the creak of chairs as people sat up straighter and silenced sighs that shows it wasn’t just her attention wondering. Dean and Castiel faced each other, and Claire saw Dean smiling as they exchanged a few more near-silent words. And then Dean began speaking.
Her eyes flickered up to her father's face. Dean was concentrating wholly on Dax. She looked at her boyfriend herself.
'My chest hurts,' Junior groaned, clutching at the site that Stevie had torn. Faith maneuvred herself around to face him, and knelt up, placing her hands over the area and concentrating. Maybe she couldn't stitch a wound up, but perhaps she had enough in her to ease the ache? Junior stopped writhing after a few moments, and calmed down enough to watch her progress. She turned to look at him eventually.
Sam smirked, heading towards a wall hidden in darkness. Faith could no longer see her uncle, but they all heard the chink of a metal chain, a soft clinking that seemed to echo in the silence of the room, before Sam came back and roughly handled Dax, shoving his wrists into the handcuffs, forcing the neck cuff around him, and finishing off with the leg cuffs, before Dax could even try to fight back. Faith gasped, and jumped further into Dean's side, grabbing hold of his arm.
“I’ve missed this,” Dean grinned. “You, me, your dad, your embarrassment, the insults and the banter.”
'So what, she's lying to him? What a way to build a relationship. And doesn't it feel weird to call her that? All I ever heard from Dean, even in his worst moments, was about Siobhan.'
“And you’ve beaten the shit out of me before, nearly smited me. Smote me. Whatever. The demon tablet?”
“Uncle Cas said you’ve been through a lot lately, you know,” he had thankfully dropped his voice for this. “He said you might be the one to say no to me staying and that if you did, he’d come up with a back up plan. So you asking to hang around with me is a lot better than I was expecting. I’m sorry about your mom.”
“He was seeing someone at high school, Maggie, but I think he’s still a little bit in love with her. He doesn’t mention anyone else. If he talks about college, it’s about his studying and his placement.” Claire gave a shrug, and put her phone in her bag as she was called away again. She went willingly, glad to not have to listen to Patience fawn over Jack. Castiel had been talking to a couple of men who looked vaguely familiar, though Claire couldn’t immediately place why.
The doorbell went, and Castiel went to let Charlie in as Claire caught Dean’s eye. Truly, she didn’t care about which lump of metal was slid around the board, but Dean seemed to act as though that glance were enough to win the argument. Or maybe he was trying to suck up. He gestured at the piece in Alex’s hand.
She felt sick, and pulled the blankets around herself as the door opened, and Junior slipped in, holding a mug. He smiled at her when he saw she was awake, but she felt contaminated. Werewolf he might be, but Junior was innocent, he was loved, he had it easy. And Faith … didn’t. Gabriel was right, she didn’t deserve him.
Claire’s heart sank into the pit of her stomach. They were talking about her. Alex saved her before she could go in crisis mode.
“Using?” Gabriel made a derisive sound. “Nope. I know what you’re like little bro. You and your wife here. I just need you to put a good word in for me every now and again, and other than that, just do what you normally do. You’ll be working into the plan that way.”
'God.' Dean interrupted. Castiel nodded. 'But she's a nephilim, she can't get into Heaven. So can you please talk to him?'
“She’s kind of an expert,” his voice had softened in a way he would never try in front of his brother.
“You prefer that answer to ‘I’m an adult and I’ve learnt about people in the last forty years’ don’t you?”
“I can afford a lot of things, Dean. I wouldn’t need you for all the functions, my friend Meg has volunteered to come to some things, but her schedule doesn’t allow for all of them, and I’m in a bind.”
It was the most Alex had offered about her life before Jody, but Claire was determined not to make a big deal out of it, not when her friend was so cool about her own situation.
He took a couple of minutes outside of the house, psyching himself up before ringing the doorbell. But even after he did, there was no answer. He tried again, and waited a few moments more before heading towards the studio, wondering if Dean and Charlie were holed up in there. But the door was locked, the lights were off. He walked back to the front door and sat on the steps just outside of it, preparing to wait. He put his head in his hands, scrunching up his hair, just thinking over every time he had been to this house. Seeing the Winchesters and how close they could be, realising how little that existed in his own life. Taking in the reality of what was to come.
Claire looked up at the ceiling. She couldn’t understand why everyone thought Mr Winchester was so great, he tried too hard. But apparently it worked on her father.
“Yeah, Dean’s practically moved in already.” Claire told the window. “Or did you think all those records just magically appeared?”
He arrived home late, after Michael but before the rest of his brothers, managing to avoid a conversation with his eldest brother and going straight to bed. He crawled under the covers and checked his cell. There were no new messages from Dean, but that was okay. Castiel sent some instead.
I’m aware some people use it as a euphemism for making out, others for intercourse, but that context doesn’t quite work … does it?
He held his hand up for a high five, and Claire did so as Castiel looked between the two of them in confusion.
“Didn’t you ever get married? Or fall in love? I mean, whatever’s going on between Mom and Dad, at least they have each other, you know?”
'Kid, I like that you wanna protect her, but I know she's the one in charge. And I could say the same to you.'
She got out of the car and headed straight for her poky little bedroom, sinking on the bed and looking up at the ceiling. She didn’t want to hear her dad being gross over the principal, didn’t want to deal with Charlie’s pep, didn’t want to do anything except mope. She put on her Netflix, and cuddled up to a cushion, watching some dorky sitcom rerun and burying her face in the cushion so she didn’t have to see herself cry.
“Do you think he doesn’t love you still?” Balthazar carried on. Castiel gave one small nod. “Well, then you’re an idiot, Castiel.”
Gabriel smiled, raising his eyebrows a couple of times, before slipping down into one of the seats beside Dax.
“Yeah. Anyway, did you notice? He totally blanked me when I said you were our kid. You think I pissed him off saying that?”
He tried to invest more time in his work, to distract himself, but that was difficult in a place like Hope Island, where the views were spectacular and conducive to his creative work, but not very practical in terms of causing a distraction. He had only just managed to meet a deadline for a client in the days between his trip to Kansas, and Dean’s visit to him.
Dean snorted a laugh as they heard bedsprings moving above them. They looked up together, then at each other.
Dean took a mouthful of champagne before answering, giving Castiel the time to feel proud of himself for being so assertive. Cas knew exactly what he wanted, it turned out.
'Maybe. He and Krissy were still sorting out what happened in Mississippi,' he started working on the pancakes, still talking. 'Faith, no one thinks you're not good at hunting, but you do know there's a reason why you're meant to research cases, right?'
Claire didn’t even wait for her to take a breath. She didn’t even bother to start answering her. She just focused on the infomercial of some exercise routine guaranteed to burn off pounds, and tried to ignore the stabbing feeling in her chest when Alex casually talked about her mom. It had hurt in the diner and it hurt now. No one seemed to get how much Claire missed her. She hadn’t been the kind of teenager to complain about her mom, she had enjoyed their time together. It felt like the two of them against the world after Castiel had walked away. She hadn’t just lost her mother, she’d lost her friend. No one seemed to get that it wasn’t the same, talking to them, because they were not her mother. Alex shut up as the show came back on, and Claire leaned across the arm of the sofa listlessly, staring blankly at the TV screen. All too soon, the commercials were back on and Alex was making noises again. And someone was responding to her. Claire zoned back in and saw her father in the armchair, talking patiently with Alex.
Claire didn’t see Alex again for the rest of the day, and she didn’t really have the chance to look. So many people came up to her, telling her they always knew she wasn’t sleeping with the principal and if they had any secrets they were going to her. A couple of guys were perhaps a little too friendly but luckily she managed to escape them before it got too uncomfortable. Her father and Dean were constantly surrounded with people telling them what a cute couple they made and asking for stories of how they met, pushing drinks into their hands as they chattered.
Dean and Castiel traded a look, and Claire was grateful that at least Dean was beginning to take it seriously.
“Dean, I want to live with you. I don’t want to be too far from Manny. But otherwise, take your time and do what you need to do, okay?”
His feet moved without conscious thought, heading to the man, and then he slid into the next chair along, ready to engage the guy.
“Probably something from when we were kids,” Castiel deflected the topic. Balthazar and Meg had always been abrasive, but Castiel had always thought it was their way of bonding with each other. “Anyway, Balth and Gabe aren’t so bad. They took me away for a week when I first got the divorce papers, we stayed at a private island Gabe owns and I sulked on the beach the entire time, missing you, drowning my sorrows in Pina Coladas.”
“You look a lot prettier without it.” Alex said firmly, and this time Claire didn’t think it was a throwaway comment. The door creaked open, and Castiel stuck his head around it.
“If you don’t know what to believe, then why did you come to me? Why are you putting me above your wife?”
Castiel had been laying on their bed, studying the ceiling tiles when he felt the shift in the atmosphere that announced Dean’s return. Dean was in another part of the bunker entirely, but his thoughts were as clear as if he were pressed against Castiel, whispering in his ear.
'You don't know Faith!' Dax blurted, sucking more air down from the inhaler. 'She's pissed off and she knows where to go. She just
'But Faith, what about your parents? What about bonding with them? Dean especially, he doesn't want to lose you. And I know I've been cynical, but that guy's got a drinking problem, it's obvious. It's obvious as well, that he's holding back on it because you're here. Does that mean nothing?'
“You don’t need any champagne,” Dean chuckled. Castiel sat up and reached for the champagne flutes, passing one over to Dean.
The newspaper articles were burned into his mind. He hadn’t left the house for months because of the media frenzy outside. Everyone wanted to know what happened when Charles and Anna Novak went on an altruistic trip to help those in the Amazon and never came back. There were suggestions that the brothers had collaborated in killing their parents in order to get their hands on their inheritance, but they had never needed to do that. Castiel had been too young to have been a part of that, he had relied on his parents greatly. Only Michael had really braved the media frenzy when it occurred.
“We’ll give you some space when we start walking again,” Garth promised. Junior nodded, and made himself eat. His attention never wandered far from the girl a few metres away as she interacted with her family.
The wedding planning was in full swing, and time was slipping away from Castiel. There were endless meetings with prospective bakers and florists who all received a similar treatment to those boutiques Meg liked to  pretend to shop at. It felt like no time at all had gone by since that disastrous art show before suddenly there was the annual Novak garden party. Castiel normally hid behind one of his paintings to avoid his brothers when this day came around, but this time Meg was insistent that they join in. She kept reminding him that they were big news, the daughter of Azazel Masters and one of the eligible Novak brothers being betrothed. She wouldn’t let him hide in his personal gallery. She was almost more insufferable than Michael was normally.
,” Chelsea narrowed her eyes. “You’re not welcome at games, or any school functions, or gym, or anywhere. You got that?”
He sent the text and they walked back to the clubhouse, walking around it rather than through it to where Kevin was waiting with the limousine. They climbed in, and Castiel laid against the bench on the side of the car, exhausted from trying to read so many people, and keep in his own emotions.
“It’s different, with you.” Castiel looked into his nearly empty glass, feeling bashful. It would be too easy to blurt out how he felt about Dean, and put him off before they even showed up. “You’re not looking to compete with me. You were just hungry.”
And then he and Gabriel were gone, leaving Castiel with Mary, and an awkward silence. He stood up, her gaze never leaving him.
“Will you please stop calling this our duty?” Castiel complained as she pulled a tie around his neck and began a double windsor knot.
He had no idea who Castiel was. But he still wasn’t saying no. That had to account for something. Castiel leaned closer, touching the sculpture as he did so.
“Be realistic, Dean will be running away to his brother soon. Especially if there is someone marching to steal our riches. Cowardice runs in families, after all.”
“It’s not up to me, those dress codes. They’re decided by the school board. I think the same as you, that there’s something wrong with anyone who looks at a teenage girl wearing clothes and decides it’s sexualised. But it’s not for me to let you break those rules just because I’m seeing your father. If you want it changed, we do it the right way, we petition the school board, we make a strong argument for it. You know, give me something concrete to go forward with.”
She reeled around, but there was no one around. Her father was still head-to-head with Garth, Gabriel and now Junior. Faith was on her own.
“Look, my mom died a couple of years ago, I didn’t know my dad. My aunt has been raising me but I get these really crappy nightmares. I have a tonne going on, and this is one thing I have the chance to control. Don’t you get what that’s like?”
And then Claire felt something brush against her mouth. Her brow puckered slightly, but she didn’t open her eyes. It must have been a mistake, Alex’s hand brushing against her face as she went to change brushes or products or something.
It had happened slowly. At first, they'd tried to make a go of it, tried to help each other through the pain of losing their daughter. And there was a hollow comfort in knowing someone else knew exactly how bad it was to lose someone so precious. But then Dean couldn't help notice the similarities between Castiel and Siobhan. It started with the eyes, that sharp blue of Castiel's eyes that matched her left one so perfectly. The fact that they shared the same mouth, a similar nose. Then it went beyond the physical. Castiel's sweet nature was something that Dean had noticed in Siobhan, and the serious way they approached things. He had known Castiel was struggling with the same things, Siobhan had Dean's hair colour and complexion and her right eye was was the same shade of green as his. And Siobhan probably acted like Dean sometimes too, he guessed, but Castiel had never vocalised the similarities between them. Maybe it was the human aspect of her nature that made it difficult for Castiel. That was as far as Dean had managed to think before he would smash yet another bottle against a wall.
She looked at the person speaking, and then did a double-take. Her grandparents were there, huddled together as though they could possibly be hurt by the residents of Sioux Falls. Her Gram was looking disappointed, her Gampa looking furious.
“Sorry doesn’t change the fact you married someone you’ve just met. Sorry doesn’t undo you inviting him here and then telling me the morning he’s due to fly in.”
“Well, we’d rather you had stayed in a place you know with people you love but apparently we have less rights than the man that abandoned you.”
“It feels like my entire chest is imploding,” Castiel’s voice dropped down. “Like my stomach’s turned to liquid. But I can’t get enough of that feeling, of just having him near, hearing his laugh, seeing the way you relate to him. I catch myself a lot around him, I need to. Or that first parent teacher meeting I might have told him I loved him.”
“You didn’t get the Armani,” Michael criticised. Had Michael tried to engineer some of this thing between Dean and himself? He couldn’t think of anything more embarrassing. And he had an idea of which tux Michael was referring to, it was black with satin lapels and Dean would have been too good-looking to resist in it. Castiel was already struggling not to jump him.
“You haven’t seen the trees by our house at night, totally looks like the Bad Place I dream about. But is it so bad, spending the week with him? You might find out either way if it’s real.”
Somehow, her girlfriend heard her, above the noise of the crowds. Alex turned and smiled, then waved her pompoms. Claire beckoned her over and waited as Alex stepped closer.
“Hello,” Castiel broke the silence. Dean didn’t even dispense with the basics, but got right down to business.
“My nose hurts. I think I want to nap.” She stuck her spoon in the ice cream and laid down, turning away from him. It took Jack a couple of minutes to realise she was serious, and leave the room.
“He truly was,” Dionysus agreed. “We’ll leave you now. Castiel has things he wishes to discuss with you, Dean.”
'You're almost as bad as Dax! Well, maybe not, at least you said yes.' She sighed and slowly lowered Dean to the ground, stepping gently on the floor. Dean immediately reeled back, accidentally stumbling into Castiel, who wrapped his arms around Dean.
Sam crossed the room and sat on the arm of her chair, reaching an arm around her to rub her bicep gently, stroking her hair back with his other hand. It was still so strange, but somehow refreshing, to see Sam be that tender with Becky.
“There were a few other guys I was interested in. Bartholemew, Uriel, Brady, but Meg always found some dirt on them, or they thought I wasn’t interested because of her. What about you?”
“I’m not explaining myself well,” Kaia got up, and prepared to brush her teeth, standing by Claire. “But maybe you need a talk with him? I’m sure if you told him how you felt, he wouldn’t push forward with Patience.” She put her brush in her mouth, and Claire slipped off the vanity, her head feeling clogged up. She wanted more than anything right then to have her mom to talk to, or her dad, but she was a week away from any time with Castiel. And she wouldn’t get time with Amelia again. Kaia left the bathroom, and Claire sorted herself out, creeping into the room full of sleeping friends, and sliding into bed, hoping more than anything she wouldn’t call out for Jack in her sleep this time. Explaining anything to Alex or Patience would be too much to handle.
His mother nodded, as the rest of his siblings approached. A few of them waved at the man on the porch, who Dean finally turned and addressed.
“I guess,” Claire shrugged. “I think I’m just nervous about Dad and Dean leaving for the week, you know? I want to see them as much as I can before they go.”
Dean wanted to catch a break, to lean his head back and catch his breath but Castiel wasn’t letting that happen. He was kissing Dean as firmly as ever, swallowing all the pants and groans and making plenty of contented noises himself. Just as Dean thought he was going to break, Castiel slid his hand off his dick, and slipped around to dig his nails into Dean’s ass, pulling him off the door and towards the bed. Dean could finally come up for air, and he untangled his hands to start pulling Castiel’s tee off. Castiel let go of his ass to let it happen, and removed his own shirt from Dean’s body, making sure to smooth his hands across the blade’s of Dean’s stomach, squeezing gently on his pectorals and biceps. Dean cupped his face, just for a moment, and managed a small, tender kiss before they were both back in the throes of passion, tearing off each other’s pants and underpants, sinking onto the bedcovers, touching each other as they continued kissing like the other was their oxygen.
“Thanks, Uncle Cas,” Jack joined in the conversation. “Of course we’re sticking with you, as much as we can. What do I owe you?”
'We're camping here,' he decided, and collapsed against a nearby tree, putting his feet up on the rucksack. Junior looked around at the desolate area and scratched his head.
Dax did as instructed, and drove until he reached the bookstore. He parked up, and Charlie scribbled her number on a scrap of paper.
The first thing Castiel did was to make more of an effort to talk to his brothers. There was no way he’d be able to talk to Dean again without practicing, and he was realising that he had been unfair to every single one of his brothers. Really, they had a lot of admirable qualities. Like Balthazar was enthusiastic about so many people he knew, and never had a bad word to say about them, so long as he liked them anyway. Gabriel was a lot of fun, but also had a good head on his shoulders. And Michael had borne a lot of stress that he’d refused to let filter down to the rest of the family. As strained as Castiel felt with his limitations, he was starting to become aware of how much his eldest brother had been protecting him, trying to help him. Even asking after Dean had just been Michael trying to take on the parental role. Castiel found himself sticking to Michael’s side for the rest of the vacation, asking questions about the businesses and Michael’s interests and Amara. If Michael was unsure of his motivations he didn’t voice them, but made the effort as well.
They hung up, and Dean crept out of his room, and down the stairs, where Garth was already standing, peeking around a doorframe. He joined him wordlessly, and Garth pointed across the room at where their children were laying together on the sofa, Junior's arm draped carefully around the baby bump and Faith's hand resting over the scar. They both looked so peaceful.
“Dean,” Castiel repeated slowly. “Thank you for seeing us, and for your number, and the pass and everything. I’m hoping Claire has a bright future at this school.”
'Castiel? What's going on?' Dax asked softly. Castiel barely paid him any attention, staring hard at the girl in his arms.
It had been two weeks since Castiel had visited Dean at his home in Kansas. They had called every day, although Dean was perpetually interrupted by his siblings and they couldn’t grab more than a few minutes talking at a time. Castiel’s evenings felt lonely without Dean there, especially after they hung up on each other. His Persian cat, Daphne, would curl up on his lap and he would have a glass of wine while watching television, reading a book or talking with Emmanuel. But it didn’t compare to having Dean there.
“Enough of the sir,” the general waved a hand dismissively. “We’re equals at this table. And shame, if he was anything like you, he would make a fine soldier.”
It took Castiel a moment to process what Dean was saying. Why would he think Castiel hated him? Castiel had been the one chasing him. Of course he wanted him. He gestured to the bed, waiting for Dean to sit down before he did as well. He could feel a real conversation threatening in the air between them, but he was still guarded, still trying to resist hope.
'Yeah, Charlie's going to keep the bunker running, and protected. And Dean and Faith won't want to think that you're on some kind of suicide mission.'
Castiel knew she was referring to Dean’s aversion to her, and once again he felt a tinge of pity towards her. She was one of his favourite people, and yet the man he loved didn’t accept her easily. He knew Dean would list several reasons why it had taken so long for him to be okay with Sam even dating her, let alone marrying her, and his reasons would be justified, but it amounted to the same thing in the end.
“Dean only sketches things he cares about. According to Sam, there is a wealth of graphic material featuring the two of you throughout his various notebooks. He tried to stop your wedding, even though he thought you weren’t texting him back, even when he thought maybe you had moved on. He tried to do it for you, not for him. You are not the one on your last strike of Sam’s, because apparently ‘don’t flirt with Dean or you’re out on your ass’ applies for every time, not just each individual occasion. Oh, and,” having ticked off all his fingers, Balthazar chose to slap Castiel around the face instead. “If it really just mattered about the money, or being a Novak, Dean wouldn’t have thought twice about me hitting on him. He and I could have re-enacted some of his artwork, he could have charged me for the pleasure and I would have willingly stuffed hundred dollar bills into his g-string. You are not the only Novak who showed him some interest.”
“Apparently it’s best if they forewarn people about me, so I apologize that you weren’t given any information.”
So apologies for this being such a short chapter after the wait. It's not the chapter I thought I would be writing, the next one is, and I did consider putting them together but I get the feeling there's a lot that Claire and Alex want to say to each other. Hopefully that chapter will make up for my general rubbishness this time around x
He walked out of the room, and Faith felt her heart sink. Why was family not as important to her brother as it was to her father and herself? She forced herself not to get upset over it. Yes, she would have loved to have that special bond with Ben, but there was so many other things to think about, that worrying over Ben's apathy would tip her over the balance and into a world of crazy. It was enough that she was pregnant - by two months, though her stomach was more like a seven-month pregnant lady's - and on the run from demons and antichrist, adjusting to the idea of being away from her mother after just finding him, working out her feelings about Dax and Junior without throwing another complication into the mix.
“Hey Mom. So, um, you’re not the only person I wanted to bring back for my wedding. Our wedding,” he flashed a smile at Castiel, who looked up from his wedding notes just in time to catch it. “I want all the important people in my life there. I’m still looking for some people, but … well,” he turned towards the door opening. “You wanna come in?”
I'm sorry guys, I've had a few extra shifts at work lately and that makes my fatigue more of a challenge to deal with, I've had a flare up and had to get my DCBB posted this week, so this has been on the back burner for a while. I still have so much I want to throw at this story but my postings are probably going to get less frequent as Christmas builds up - the joys of retail! - so I'm sorry, and please bear with me, and sorry if this chapter doesn't seem up to par.
There was a knock on the door, and Claire went to answer it, finding Dean, Sam, Eileen, and Jack on the other side of the door.
Faith felt her cheeks burning, and still, she couldn't look away from Junior. There was a tightness in her chest, and a buzzing in the atmosphere that she wasn't used to. It felt like the world was telling her that Junior was about to kiss her, and she was going to like it, and then Dax would be nothing but a chapter in her past. She was trying to resist it, but the world seemed to know that too.
Back at the apartment, Claire went straight to her bedroom, and curled up on the bed, putting on her Netflix and staring at the TV, not absorbing any of the show in front of her. She cuddled up to a cushion, and tried not to let the weight of the weekend press down on her.
“I’ll go grab some popcorn, you get comfortable,” she said, heading out into the living room. She stopped walking just outside her bedroom door. She could see Castiel and Dean kissing furiously in the kitchen. Her father had her principal pinned up against the refrigerator, his legs wrapped around her father’s waist. Castiel was practically devouring Dean, and he didn’t look like he hated it one bit. He didn’t sound like it either, the way he was moaning her father’s name. Was everyone horny?
'Chuck was Edlund's real name. It's not important. Chuck was writing some kind of horror romance, or something lame like that, the truth was a lot worse. And the truth is, Dean, Cas and I? We're a lot more capable than those books would have you believe, okay?'
Castiel wondered if Dean was asking because he never really got the chance to look around before the wedding.
'Hey, I nailed the Mac and Cheese last night,' Dean smiled back, as Dax perched beside Faith on the seat.
'Dax?' Sam spoke up as Dax inched his way to the door. 'Tell her that, unless she's willing to be completely professional tomorrow, she can forget this case. She might think that she's a maverick, or she's got impeccable skills, but Krissy's told me enough about her to make me concerned that she'll compromise this. I know you're the voice of reason for her, so could you do that please? Reason with her?'
“I don’t know. Maybe more than one.” He took a deep breath, let it out in a heavy sigh, and forced himself to try to explain. “Michael was putting pressure on me to commit to various businesses because - I thought - he had an incentive for doing so. Luke kept telling me that it wasn’t in my best interests, that Michael was only thinking of himself. He said it would be better if … I was so stupid.”
This time, Claire traded a look with Dean, trying to remember when she would ever have discussed underwear with him. He shrugged back.
Dean sat up, and kissed him again, another gentle kiss, before resting his forehead against Castiel’s.
Junior woke up slowly, listening to the sounds of the others moving around the camp fire. He blinked his eyes open, and saw his father cooking over the fire with Sam, talking in low voices. Across the camp, Faith sat upon her sleeping bag, curled into Castiel, who was playing with her hair gently. Her wings were nowhere to be seen, and she was gazing into the fire, clearly deep in thought. Junior smiled to himself, watching her as she stayed in her own world, enjoying being reunited with her mother.
Faith was the first one outside after everyone had eaten breakfast, taking a brief run from the doorway and shooting up into the sky, her wings flapping slowly, but lifting her quickly. By the time Dean, Dax, Sam and Castiel reached the doorway, she was far up, not high enough to touch the clouds, but enough to be able to see the whole of Lebanon from her vantage point.
Alex squeezed her hand, but made herself breathe just as Eileen came around the counter with her own purse, pulling her keys out and gesturing to the door. The girls followed her out, their English teacher right behind them, and they climbed into her minivan as Sam called his brother.
'Okay, show me. We'll move him as carefully as we can.' They walked back across the field to where Garth, Gabriel and Junior were gathered, and Claire helped everyone but Faith pick up Junior. 'The car isn't far, but we'll go as slowly as we can, to keep him comfortable, okay? Faith, you open up the car, okay?'
The evening before had been pretty good, even if Dean struggled to admit it to himself. The restaurant was empty save for himself and Castiel, and the occasional wait staff who appeared whenever they needed a new drink or their meals. They had eaten huge bacon double cheeseburgers and drank beer and talked for ages. The burgers were tasty and juicy, the fries were crispy and just the right amount of salty, the beers were cool and refreshing. And Cas was … Cas. Naive and trusting. Missing half of Dean’s jokes. Fully invested in their time together.
But both Kaia and Patience insisted on sitting with them at lunch, talking like old friends and bringing Claire and Alex into their conversation. Claire didn’t feel comfortable with the topic at hand, and she doubted her girlfriend did either. So she tucked into her lunch, only for someone to make the situation even more irritating.
“Claire? Do you want to do something this afternoon? I have a little bit of coursework to do but then I could hang out?” Jack asked her.
Castiel had felt awkward throughout the entire exchange between Dean and his mother. He hadn’t been expecting Dean to leave the room, and now he didn’t know what to do with himself. Did he follow Dean out and wait in the car while Dean handed in his notice? He was still hesitating when Mary looked at him.
'The only thing we can do, I guess. Read up on bible stories and try to work out which one is meant for us. And then work like hell to make sure it doesn't happen.'
“What about Alex? And your new friends? Dean was excited for you to get involved in the LGBT group. I think if you don’t go back you might regret it.”
“What did you do to him?” Castiel demanded, his anger flowing out in his words. Gabriel didn’t even look up.
“Kevin. He was hired by Michael, our limos were from Father and technically now owned by Michael too.”
"You're right, I was Gabriel's motivation for conducting the spell, but it was decided between Dean and him. Dean has a mind of his own."
“Cheesy.” Dean noted. “But you’re spending the whole night with me. I’m not letting anyone else think they can have you at midnight.”
Dean grimaced, glad that Faith's eyes were closed to miss that cue, as he remembered the years of abuse he had shouted up into the ether for Castiel. He couldn't remember what he said - he was drunk at the time, and now he was sober, he couldn't connect with that way of thinking - but he knew he'd been angry with Castiel. He tried to put it all out of his mind as he prayed for Faith.
“The adoption is in a few weeks. Maybe tell her all about it and she’ll get the hint. I’d love it if you came, Claire.”
One Castiel climbed onto a cow and rode it away, and the other Castiel’s were suddenly dressed like ballerinas, covered in feathers, gliding gracefully in front of the screen. Pirouetting and jeteing like they were in a version of Swan Lake.
He pulled a box out of his suit pocket, bigger than a ring box, and opened it. Inside was a charm bracelet, and on the bracelet were a few charms already. A golf club, a tiny donut, a miniature bear. All gleaming in silver. He removed it from the box and she let him slip it on her wrist.
“You love it,” Dean grinned at him. Castiel eyed him for a moment, and then shoved a slice of carrot in his mouth. They messed around in the kitchen for a while, and Claire watched as Dean tried to get his revenge with a broccoli floret, chasing him around and play wrestling until they kissed again. Castiel had never messed around like this with Amelia, not when Claire was there at least. She couldn’t imagine them doing it when she wasn’t. And yet, with Dean, it seemed so normal, such a part of both of them to have those immature moments together. She took a picture and sent it to Alex, who replied back with a string of emojis that seemed to echo Claire’s thoughts about it.
There was a flash of bright sunlight on metal, before the trill of metal and wood cut through the air, and a loud thunk sounded as the object made impact on its target. The spear stuck straight out, and the warrior who had thrown it strode forward to inspect his efforts.
"Are you okay?" She asked quietly, hoping that all the adults they were travelling with weren't listening in. He squeezed her fingers gently.
“He’s barely a person,” Claire smirked back. Dean merely shook his head, almost breathing in the vapour from the coffee. “But maybe it’s for the best he’s not awake yet.”
“After this dance?” Claire suggested. “We’ll go somewhere and talk. But for now, just enjoy the rest of the song.”
He started looking around, feeling like a kid in a toy store. Where was he meant to start? How was he meant to resist paying for everything? He decided that the best way to pick something was to see what drew his eye naturally.
Sam was doing the same, clearly unable to believe that he was on Mount Olympus, however low down. That he was back from the underworld, back with Dean for longer than just one day a year. They needed eternity at that point, just to let the knowledge sink in.
“Well, I want to say yes,” Claire said carefully. “But you do know Dean’s still on probation, right? And he might be a decent stepdad, but he’s still not you.”
“Yeah,” Claire breathed out sadly. It was how she felt even about Castiel, after all. At least she still had him to turn to. “You didn’t sleep much either.”
“What was that?” Dean asked quietly. Claire handed the napkin straight over. Dean opened it up, and a tic started in his cheek.
“Cassie, we’re all older than you. Did your dad ever tell you he was born when most of us were adults already?” Gabe-or-Balthazar smiled at her. Claire shook her head, feeling like she was the butt of some joke.
“I never do this,” he uttered the moment he surfaced to breath. Dean said nothing, but reached forward, his mouth seeking Castiel’s again, and he pressed harder against Castiel’s erection, earning a hiss from the scruffy-haired man. “Do you want me to blow before we even start?”
'Krissy, they're just children.' He spoke quietly, returning his gaze to the computer screen. Faith looked up at him indignantly.
“Totally switching off. It’s like you left your body,” Kaia mused. Patience sighed, and pushed her hair back from her face.
Dean was a man. That was all. Just like any other guy, who just happened to make beautiful … no, no. Stop with that thought, because that won’t help. He’s a regular guy. Just like Michael, and Luke, and Gabe, and Balthazar were deep down. He knew Edith, and Edith liked him. Castiel had come this far, was he really going to chicken out at the last hurdle for something he really wanted?
He looked up at her, noting the way she had asked. Not did Castiel live near the ocean, but Dean himself. She was letting go.
Castiel could feel his heart hurting at Sam's words. As much as he'd hated Dean and Gabriel's bargaining, he hadn't considered that would be the way his future husband was being manipulated. There had to be something more to it than Dean just becoming a tool of Heaven.
Dean knew all this already, but decided to let her talk it through in this way, in case the important part disappeared otherwise. He felt a pull in his chest as he heard the old innocence thread its way through her speech, and his throat felt dry. God, he'd missed her.
'Yeah, she used to get teased at the orphanage for them. I've got used to her brown eyes now, I actually forgot about the contacts.'
They didn’t see her right away, and she pretended to organise the display behind the cash register to avoid their eye contact. It didn’t last, however, because they were soon by the counter, laughing and making stupid comments.
'Because we've been looking for you. We want to talk to you.' Castiel said as Sam chewed his mouthful hurriedly.
“Give her some time,” Castiel said gently. “She might change her mind. It’s not like you’re in a typical situation.”
“Hi, girls. Dean’s almost finished cooking, and I wanted to show him something. And I thought you’d both want to see it too.”
'Perhaps, but we have been trying to get her for a month now. I don't call that easy. Who next, Flora or Stevie?'
“Bloody hell, this sand’s hot. How can you possibly sit out here when it’s like this?” Balthazar’s accent, which he had picked up during a period of study in England, was even more pronounced. But Balthazar didn’t move away, and despite his complaints, he sat beside his youngest brother.
“You said you were confused, that you didn’t even know if she had kissed you. And if it’s something you want, of course I’m going to support you. But do it for you, because you feel something for her. Not to score points off your grandparents, even if it’s in my honour.”
It wasn't the first time Dean had looked at her and been struck by the similarities between the girl in front of him and his Siobhan. He half expected her to use her free hand to shove the food on the fork, mess be damned; because the way she sat, the way she devoured the Mac and Cheese, it all echoed Siobhan the first time she'd tried it. Sam had joked at the time that she'd almost bitten his fingers off when he handed her the plate. It had been her favourite meal.
“It’ll be fine dad,” Gabriel waved a spatula dismissively. “You said you wanted the steaks well done.”
The freshman’s friend nudged him, and whispered in his ear. His eyes widened and he looked Claire up and down, before slinking off with his friend.
Sam came striding in through the door, blanching slightly but not stopping as he bent down beside her.
He pulled Castiel away before they could get any more complaints from the teenage kids, and walked him along the sidewalk, trying to keep his hands to himself while they were in public. As they neared Dean’s place, Castiel commented.
“Babe, you have done some stupid shit in your time, like the whole becoming-God-and-digesting-leviathans thing? But I’ve never wanted you to not be an angel.”
He left the room, and Faith watched Dax carefully. He shut the door after Dean, and then turned around.
'Dax, shut up,' Faith growled tightly. He was expressing all her worries, making them seem worse as he vocalised them. And there were other things she wanted to address. Namely, how all of a sudden, everyone in their lives seemed to be connected. Krissy was friends with a guy who knew Gabriel? They both knew this mysterious Castiel? She was beginning to have some huge misgivings about the life they were trying to carve for themselves, or at least, misgivings about everything she had previously known. Did Gabriel know the truth about her past? Did the enigmatic Castiel? If she had stuck around, admitted to Sam everything she could do - even the stuff Dax didn't know - could he have helped her, rather than hunted her? Was that what his thoughts had meant?
Castiel blinked in surprise. Sam of course couldn't hear Dean's erratic thoughts, but surely he had seen the expression on Dean's face? He tried to replay the scene in his head again, slowed down without Dean's homicidal thoughts. Had it really just looked to Sam like his brother was holding a hand out, approaching him seriously, before Castiel went leaping in and restraining Dean? He knew that Sam already suspected Castiel was far too clingy, he supposed his actions came across that way.
“Claire, what happened yesterday?” He asked gently. “You told me last night, you can say it again now.”
He had taken to avoiding the rest of his brothers as much as possible, afraid that they would want to discuss Dean and he would have to admit to their silence and then he would hear all their assessments that matched Meg’s words. Luckily this was easy, as Michael had gone on another business trip to Monaco, and Gabriel and Balthazar were club-hopping once again which meant that they were comatose much of the day. The only person there really was to avoid was Lucifer, and even that was fairly easy, as Lucifer was gone for much of the time in meetings of his own that Castiel was sure Michael knew nothing about. There was only one instance where they had run into each other, and Luke seemed distant at best, though they did talk briefly.
He heard the screen slide up as the car pulled to the side of the road, and he drained his glass in one gulp, refilling his glass automatically. Beside him, Dean was taking his time, and Castiel tried to make a joke of the situation.
Castiel looked like he was going to be sick, and Dean reached for his cell, swiping along until he could call up his videos. He pressed play, and handed it across to his new husband, so that he could watch their wedding. Castiel watched the video silently, and Dean watched him as he drank in the truth.
Castiel was still staring at Sam, debating whether he had even noticed that his true face had been invisible in the past year that he had been without a Grace, but he heard the change in Dean's thoughts as his attention was grabbed by Becky.
Castiel frowned, this time he was the one misunderstanding Dean’s words. He turned his head and cracked open one eye, looking at his fiancé as though he suspected some kind of trick. Dean seemed too positive about this, especially when his expression was so placid. Nevertheless, Castiel reached two fingers up and pressed them to Dean’s forehead gently, letting him see everything that had transpired from the moment he left the meeting room. He took his fingers away when it was over, and slid them under the pillow instead. Dean sat, looking thoughtful, and Castiel watched him process everything without uttering another word.
Claire pushed him backwards, but he held his seat, and it was like pushing against a wall. He grabbed her wrist, and pulled his face close to hers.
Emmanuel smiled, and buried himself in Daphne’s fur just as Dean’s car appeared up the road. They watched as Dean pulled into the driveway with ease, and Castiel stood up, heading down the porch steps before Dean even cut the engine. He pulled open Dean’s door, and Dean laughed as Castiel tugged him out for a hug.
“She’s right, Cas. I mean, you look amazing, but it’s not the right place to wear … that. You got any jeans?”
“In all seriousness, Dean, we have made a bit of a mistake. You’re the erastes, I’m the eromenos, yes? I shouldn’t have taken over like that.”
Castiel hadn’t prepared anything. He wanted to show Dean his yacht, but he didn’t want to be in a bad mood when they went there. He wanted to show Dean his art collection, but didn’t want to be interrupted. There was the possibility of the family summer house on the lake at the edge of their grounds. It was unlikely they’d be interrupted there. He tried to buy some time to consider their options.
Sam sounded slightly wistful, and Dean wasn’t sure if it was the scene he was painting or if it was from picturing Castiel’s home. His place had been nice, Dean had been impressed. And sure, he had pictured living there, coming home from a hard day’s work and falling into Castiel’s arms. But reality butted that fantasy away.
They walked together to the garage, and Dean’s car, and Castiel removed the tape in the tape deck to switch it for Led Zeppelin. Dean allowed it, and cranked the music up as he pealed out of the garage.
“Are we done?” She asked, itching to grab her cell phone out of her locker and send her father an offensive text because she just knew he had been blabbing to his new beau and apparently the principal had just as big a mouth.
“Claire? I know you were emotional at Moira and Franklin’s house, but why did you tell them you had a girlfriend?”
Castiel shuddered violently underneath him, his breath stuttered, and then he drew in a lungful of air.
“Well, my Emma’s already grabbed him and shoved me out of the way, so you might as well stay. Keep me company. Especially because I think Donna and Jody are going to harass me all night. When they’re done with karaoke.”
“And you don’t have to be ace spectrum to only be okay with certain things with certain people,” Dean contributed.
“No, We’re saving the spirits for tomorrow, today we’re on the wine,” Jody pointed to her wine glass, and Donna took a slug of her drink. “You got time for a drink or is Emma giving you the run around too?”
And Faith had never wished to be a mere human more than listening to what Castiel had to say, hearing about the angelic wars and exactly where they both fit into them, especially now God was back.
“We’ll still have our Sundays,” Castiel promised. “Just you and me. Unless we agree to have other people with us.”
“Well, I gotta say, I always wondered. So, you’re an angel, huh?” John pulled away, and held Castiel at arm’s length. Castiel nodded, completely confused as Dean explained just how he had become an angel as well, how they were going to use their power to ensure Mary and John could be at the wedding.
“I thought tonight … I thought things were going the way I had hoped they would. And then … I don’t know what happened. Someone slipped him something. They must have.”
'You pray to Mom?' Faith struggled to sound interested through her weakened state. Dean smirked, pushing her hair away from her ear.
“Are you boyfriends?” Mary interrupted. Dean shrugged at Castiel, who gave him a baffled look back. If Dean hadn’t announced their impromptu marriage, how would they tackle telling Mary, who couldn’t have been older than six?
He walked into his room and found Castiel lounging on his bed, still in the t-shirt and boxers he'd been in when Faith interrupted the night before. Castiel was looking up at him intently, and Dean felt the anger burn again, as he had when Faith first mentioned Castiel. He turned around and closed the door before approaching the foot of the bed.
“Look, we’re just screwing. We’ll stop talking about that guy, okay?” She stroked Claire’s cheeks with her thumbs, and stepped closer to kiss her, just as Dean arrived in the apartment.
'You grew up in an orphanage?' Dean checked. They nodded in unison, and Dean found himself hoping again. Maybe in the explosion, Siobhan's eyes changed colour? Maybe it messed with her head too, because there was no hint of recognition in her expression. 'Where?'
Dax slumped against a tree, breathless. He felt like he'd been running for days, not all night, but every time he looked behind him, he could swear he saw Sam Winchester following him. How had he looked up to that guy? Sam was dangerous. And worst of all, Sam had all the access to the Lazalixir, and Dax hated the idea that this might be his last life. He grabbed a few deep breaths, and pushed on, hoping he was heading in the right direction to find one of the antichrist. If he had an antichrist, all his problems would be solved. Sam had been right in one sense, he had relied on Faith to help him make more, but her being a nephilim was actually a let down. It was the antichrist he needed. He'd called it wrong, but that didn't matter. He could sort it out now.
“I would. Hey, did you tell your school you were really one person so you could both skip out whenever you wanted?”
“Well done, soldiers,” the general beside them said as they began the walk back to Thebes. “Your efforts haven’t gone unnoticed. At least twenty more kills than the next pair, and you probably would have gotten to Argos in the night and taken their citidel if given the chance.”
Faith felt her heart sink. Dax had been so interested in all the books and documents that were in the bunker, hadn't he? And Sam and Charlie had been so welcoming, so glad for another member of the dork squad that they'd let him right in. How had she not seen what Dax was, before? How had she never questioned any of his motives? Her mom was right. She was right. Just like Dean, she was easily manipulated. She was going to give it right back.
“You’ll know from Claire’s transcripts about my split with her mother, and her losing her mother, her coming here to live with me. It’s all very new, and I know Claire might act out. She did at her last school, which is why she moved to this one. But Claire is tough, she’s going to surprise you. I know it. She’s surprised me in the last couple of months that we’ve had to reconnect.”
Claire rolled her eyes and slumped in her seat, watching Alex as she sat down, crossed her arms and rested her chin on them. She kept her eyes on the clock at the front of the room, and Claire cast her gaze around at the others. The two who looked like they spent every other period in detention kept giggling at nothing in particular that Claire could see, and the senior returned to staring at the board, her back ramrod straight, her dark curls resting on the shoulders of her argyle sweater. And Claire began to wonder why it was that, after all this time, she hadn’t seen the vice principal. Surely that would have just saved so many issues if she had? But then, she was always going to see Dean outside of school, so perhaps not. Still, she should have been sent to Ms Harvelle at least one time since starting at the school … right?
Sam nodded, as they both took hold of their blades, and stepped out of the shadows of the building they'd been peering around, approaching Cassidy and her small group of friends. She turned to glare at them when they were close enough to talk to at a low level, and spoke before either of them could take action.
Sam looked around at him quickly, but didn't mention it further. And Dax knew that he was going to have to make sure, after this case, that he and Faith never crossed Sam's path again.
“Luke fired Julian, and decided to hire a replacement. Probably before you got home.” Castiel jumped in. “I think we should hire this guy.”
“How are you so happy?” She asked him, shoving her hands into her pockets and dodging around a group of middle school girls who were window shopping outside of a jewellery store. “Like, you’re basically homeless and your mom’s broke and your dad’s a d-bag, and you look like you won a year’s supply of candy bars.”
“Why are you so jumpy?” Alex asked as Claire flinched against the lockers. It had been a couple of days since Dean had taken her to mini golf and she kept waiting for some stupid comment from the kids who had been there, more of the same from that night. But there had been nothing. Not at lunch, not in class, and not at moments like this, in the hallway, Alex dispensing her books in her locker before cheer practice.
Eileen nodded, her eyes alerted, and yet she seemed calm. Just another day on the job. Dean was reminded he used to be like that too. Then again, maybe not. Calmness hadn't ever been one of his virtues.
He remembered how Dean demanded that Chuck would bring all the people back, that he would bring Cas back, bargaining their own lives. He remembered the way he looked when he saw Cas‘ name on his phone, and the disappointment, the resignation when it turned out to be Lucifer.
“I'm fine..” he rasped, obviously not completely fine, the bloody nose and difficulty keeping head up being a testament to that. And Dean knew that, he tensed and the only reason why he didn't immediately head over to him was Tamiel and his angel blade. Dean pulled out his own.
"Dean..?" Dean could hear his name being called, as if from a great distance. He tried to open his eyes, but his eyelids felt glued shut. He groaned and tried to push himself up.
“I got you, Dean. I got you.” he found himself saying, even if it was barely a whisper. Sam kneeled next to him.
The sun was setting, painting the sky a beautiful shade of gold and red when the rumbling of the engine and the sound of Impala's wheels on the ground reached Castiel's ears. He slowly looked up, wincing at the throbbing pain in his head. Tamiel and the other angel, whose name he still didn't figure out, grabbed their blades. The barn he was in was dark and Cas tried to focus his eyes on the door and felt the blood slowly dripping from his nose, the metal taste heavy in his mouth, the ropes tying him to the chair uncomfortably tight.
"No, not really. Something about a deal Cas made when Jack died." admitted Sam. He tried to contact Jack and ask him about the deal as soon as he managed to get that information out of Dean, but he didn’t respond. Probably busy. The truth was, he couldn’t find anything on the Empty in the bunker’s library, let alone on any sort of deal that could’ve been made with it. Angels didn’t have souls to bargain either. He was truly at loss.
“So I was thinking kebab? I saw a joint close by when we walked here.” he suggest and Castiel doesn't have the energy to tell him that he's not exactly a fan, so he agrees.
“You thought I'd...” he trailed off, the right words not coming to him immediately. A frisbee flew right by them, landing in the grass nearby, but neither of them paid it any attention. The world outside didn't really exist for them in that moment.
Castiel turned his head to look at him, but his face was partially hidden by the dark, the TV being the only light source in the room. Even though Dean wasn't looking at him, he still smiled reassuringly.
"Yes, Charlie, I know it’s all too soon, but-" Sam stopped short of finishing the sentence as he registered Dean walking into the bunker kitchen. Or rather, stumbling.
“Oh, don't you worry Dean. Castiel is fine. For now.” said the stranger and Dean felt shivers crawling up the back side of his neck.
“Relationship advice, obviously.” he said and the other angel laughed. Cas wasn't well versed in sarcasm, but he was sure that was one. He could hear his phone ringing in the back office.
“Good.” Sam smiled as Dean closed the trunk and few droplets of morning dew rolled off. Sam walked over to the other side of the car.
Cas managed to lock his eyes with Dean, internally praying that they don't tell them anything that could in any way endanger Jack. Or Dean, or Sam.
"I know it’s a long shot, but we have to try." Eileen nodded, taking a sip from her coffee. They’ve been searching for the most obscure lore books the previous night and Sam could see she was tired. But he also knew she wouldn’t hear of it. She wanted to help.
The trip to Landshut is fairly quick and they manage to buy some snack before hopping onto a train directed to Prague.
It turns out to be worse than expected. He meets with Dean at airport and they fly to Prague together, taking the taxi from airport to the main train station. They don't even have time to get lunch before they need to catch the train to Munich, so they just buy a bunch of snacks and Cas is delighted to find that Dean shares his love for junk food. He suspected it, judging from what he has seen Dean eat at work, but suspecting and actually buying the most unhealthy options with him are two different things.
“Oh...” Cas thinks about how to approach this.”I mean, it's not my place to say anything, really.” he says, crumpling the packaging in his hand and straightening it out again. The floor suddenly becomes very interesting.
“No, you're right. I quit.” Dean interrupted and looked him in the eyes. “But I'm asking you Cas. Don't start.”
Sam and Eileen were just finishing cooking dinner when Dean waltzed into the kitchen, grabbing a drink from the fridge. His step was light and his face relaxed as he greeted Eileen.
“It's alright. Anything I should know?” he asks as he signs the handover and puts it into the folder. Dean shrugs.
Dean washed his hair. That much is clear to Castiel when they meet up in front of the lift. There are tiny droplets still rolling down the side of Dean's neck. He smells really good, a bit citrusy.
It was a decently sized lake, complete with a pier, small pebbly beach and barbeque area. The nice weather had drawn out a family or couple here and there, but it was quiet and calm.
Cas took the newly arrived angel by surprise, disarming him and burying his own blade into his chest in one swift motion. The bluish light illuminated the barn as the poor vessel came crashing to the ground. Cas dropped the blade and just barely managed to catch Dean, whose weight pushed him to his knees.
“Not exactly. With the situation in Munich, you'll be flying to Prague and then you'll take the train to Munich.”
“You are in no position to threaten us.” he said and Cas realized he could move his wrists a little, and maybe, if he moved them long enough, he could get them out of the bounds. He just had to hope the angels wouldn't notice. Luckily, the Winchesters were taking care of that.
"You said Cas made that deal to save him, right? So Jack might know some details, something we’ve missed or that we can use.. " Sam continued, hoping to convince Dean to open up about the details he knew his brother hadn’t shared. He shot a quick glance at Eileen.
"He already did that before, remember? When he lost his grace. He just has to give it up for good. " said Sam, like it was the easiest thing in the world. Like Cas would even want to give up his angelic grace, his very essence, to be with them.
Cas solemnly nods. It was. Except for the last train ride to Prague. He fondly remembers the quiet conversation on the dark train, the gossip about colleagues, about their families, about Benny...
The tiny kitchen was full of sunlight, one of the reasons why Cas loved the apartment, even though it wasn't much more than a few shoe boxes glued together. He set to preparing coffee with the small, fancy capsule coffee machine he splurged on last month.
"Happiness." Dean said suddenly. Eileen and Sam both gave him perplexed look. Happiness? When Dead didn’t continue, choosing rather to finish his beer in a single gulp, Sam gave him a questioning look.
Cas just shook his head and pulled up the pants he got from the Winchesters, which were too big on him. Sam remembered asking him if he missed his trenchcoat, and Cas saying that no, it was in the past. Past or not, his current clothes were just no good.
"Cas said…" he started with trembling voice and took a sip of beer, although Sam could have sworn the bottle must have been empty by now. He didn’t push. He knew the barrier had been broken.
“Heya Sammy..” he chuckled and sprawled on the couch. Cas watched him for a while and then went ahead and ordered the pizza.
"And I’ll do it, with or without you." he added and left the garage, leaving Dean to face his own decision.
. He was holding some sort of book which he quickly placed somewhere on his dresser. Because Cas had a dresser now apparently.
"What do you want, Sam?" he asked. He wanted to be alone, Sam knew that. He also didn’t really want to see him, or anyone, after that talk. At all. He had been avoiding both him and Eileen rather successfully. But Sam ignored all that, obviously, and pushed past him into his dirty, messy room.
“You must be Cas. I'm Dean.” he extends his hand and Cas shakes it, noticing the strong grip. The guy must be working out.
"So, Eileen and I have been thinking about going to visit Charlie and Stevie, you coming with us?" said Sam, attempting to have a decent conversation with Dean, which seemed harder than impossible lately. It seemed like perfect time, too, being it just two of them with Eileen out shopping. Dean looked like he considered it for less than a second.
There was Dean, sitting on the floor next to the Impala, its trunk beaten and rear window shattered, presumably by a crowbar lying on the floor next to Dean, whose head hung low. Sam turned to Eileen, who nodded and quietly left the garage.
He was pulled out of his thoughts and looked in the direction of the door, where Dean stood. He shrugged, but then sighed.
Hell, if Sam was honest, the tension was worse than when they were “just friends.” They tended to avoid each other like plague, doing their best to not stay alone together or do things together. Cas was the better one, initially often seen trying to talk to Dean, but that too, faded quickly. Now he just seemed so careful around his brother as if he was walking on egg shells.
“That's very nice of you. Is Britain treating you alright?” he asks, more of a courtesy than real interest. Dean doesn't seem to notice though.
“Cas? You're listening?” asks Jo and Cas opens his mouth, but before he has the chance to reply, a glass is placed in front of him.
His thoughts then turned to Jack and as he was getting dressed, he wondered what his son...what God was doing. If he was watching them, if he sometimes thought of them. Castiel thought of him often. He missed him as Hell, as Dean would say, although Castiel liked to argue that it wasn't an appropriate expression in their case. They've all seen Hell and none of them missed it.
Jo has planned the entire journey for them, booked flight tickets, told them to take taxi from the airport, expenses covered. Of course, nothing goes as planned.
“I am older than you, you do realize that?” he asks, but it's not accusing, rather amused. And that's what Cas feels, definitely.
“Hey, I major in territorial studies. Maybe we can share books.” he grins and Cas finds himself returning a small smile.
"That’s right. I know. And either you tell me what the hell happened back then or I swear I’ll drag Cas out myself to tell me." he stated, his eyes piercing Dean’s. He felt victorious.
Castiel desperately checks his watch as he sees his train leaving. It's 5:50 am and he will be definitely late for work. If he hadn't forgotten his uniform, he would have made it in time. He silently curses the bloody beige shirt and has no choice but wait for the next train to arrive.
The second morning shift goes great and Cas even gets a tip from a nice elderly couple for recommending a good pub nearby. As he listens to his security studies lecture in the afternoon, he finds himself almost dozing off and even though he's nervous about having his first afternoon shift the next day, he's also looking forward to not having to get up at five in the morning.
“Thank you, Cas.” said Dean suddenly, placing his hotdog on the paper plate. Cas looked at him, raising eyebrows questioningly.
"Cas..?!" he asked in panic, utter panic, because after all that, he still hadn’t gotten to tell him. He failed him again and he wasn’t sure his heart could bear that sort of pain, that sort of guilt. He could hear quick steps, and before he could ever register it, the door flew open.
“Something interesting?” he asks as he opens the till and starts counting the money. Dean chuckles and shows him the screen. It's a meme about the French revolution and Cas returns the chuckle. It's always like that, with Dean. Easy.
They don't drink much. Or rather, Cas doesn't, but then again, he never does. The drink he keep s ordering is mostly coke and just a tiny drop of rum.
“Anytime after school and before bedtime,” Dean agreed. Ben hugged him again, and then joined Charlie as Claire stepped up, smirking.
“You want to go out with me?” Dean asked. He didn’t sound disgusted, which was a relief. But he did seem cautious, and Castiel didn’t want to spook him.
He was worn out by the time he was making his way up the pathway to Dean’s house, though he hoped that the sight of his favourite person would galvanise him. And besides, Dean had made it sound relaxing, board games and television and just spending time together. The only strain would come from appealing to Charlie’s better side. He knocked, and waited, and Dean was the one to open the door. He looked Castiel up and down, poker face on.
“What are the chances of recovering it?” Michael wanted to know. Castiel sipped his water, and Raphael shrugged.
As to the Destiel elements, I promise there will be more scenes that last longer, but it might be a little bit of a slow burn in that sense x
“Cas, for real, are you going to try and make a hundred and forty people fit in here? And twelve trees, and a crap load of birds?”
She was so loud that Castiel flinched, trying to avoid descending into a panic attack in front of them. It was the last thing he needed, showing Dean and his friends how vulnerable he really was.
'I know, kid. I know.' Gabriel clapped a hand on her shoulder, and offered out the half-chewed chocolate bar. 'Want some?'
Castiel nodded, watching Dean’s approach with silent apprehension. Dean stopped inches away from him, and they looked at each other with an understanding that had been there for years. Dean slowly leaned closer, and brushed his mouth slowly against Castiel’s lips.
“I’ll have some for lunch tomorrow, Claire, it’s fine. Thank you for cooking.” He came around the counter and gave her a hug. “Alex didn’t stay long tonight.”
“Right. But it’s hard not to be insecure with you, Claire. You push me away when I kiss you and you don’t wanna do anything with me, and sometimes it feels like you only said yes for an easy life.”
They stared at each other for a long moment, before Faith stepped closer, slipping her arm through her fathers.
They stopped marching for lunch, and a nearby village welcomed them in, providing them all with bread, wine, fruit and a few sacrificial goats. The soldiers gorged themselves on the food, and some of the village women started talking with the soldiers, some outright flirting and others acting coy. Dean watched in amusement as the man he had beaten for Castiel had one woman slide onto his lap, toying with the frond of his helmet, but soon sobered up when another woman slid between himself and Castiel.
I raised my little brother because I had no choice. I got him back in the life because I needed him. But … even Sam said something similar recently. That I raised him, that I was all he ever knew, all he could really trust in.
Castiel leaned against the steering wheel, and Claire rolled her head along to look at him. He looked exhausted.
The night passed without a dream about her cousin. Instead, she relived the wedding as it was, her fathers finally tying the knot, reuniting with her friends and distant family members. She woke up to a silent room, the early morning light sneaking in past the blinds. She sat up and looked around the room, before slipping out of bed and into the bathroom with a change of clothes. When she came out, hair damp from a shower and mouth minty fresh, she saw Kaia standing waiting for her turn, Patience and Alex still fast asleep. Kaia gave her a sleepy smile.
“No other lovers matter,” Castiel rested his head onto Dean’s chest. Dean waited for something more, some big confession of Castiel’s, but none came.
Castiel smiled dreamily, and Kevin’s laughter slowly filtered out as they made their way back to the Novak mansion.
“That’s really not your style.” He sobered up quickly. “Dean, have you been having an affair with Claire?”
“Why are you encouraging him? Encouraging this?” Lucifer sneered. “You know how this is going to end up. The same way it always does with Castiel.”
‘He used to be an angel. Our family is cursed, and we’re hunters. What would you do Sammy? It’s like we’re baiting every demon and witch and ghoul out there. I’m not risking anyone, just because I said I’d marry Cas.’
'Dean, it's me,' the weight whispered in the dark. Dean's heart leapt in his chest as he slowly moved the hand away.
He held a hand out, and Claire took it, letting him lead her into the front room, where she grabbed a take out menu and he started scrolling through Netflix for something they could agree on. They sat side by side on the sofa, a short distance between them, and the negotiations for pizza toppings and movie choices resolving quickly. Jack ordered the food through his phone and they both settled down to watch Apollo 13. There was a quiet calm that hovered in the air between them, changing to a contented one when their pizza arrived and they tucked in with gusto.
“He’s been in his studio,” Charlie appeared through a doorway, sizing Castiel up. “Got lost in a piece. I’ll go get him.”
Early the next morning, Dean and Castiel threw themselves back into training. Castiel had a sharp eye, and he was able to help correct Dean’s stance during spear practice. They worked together well, their moves already almost instinctive as they worked together, almost dancing in their attempts. Whatever notoriety Dean had enjoyed as Benny’s beloved was nothing compared to the comments he now overheard as Castiel’s lover, especially with the general’s approvals. With Dean’s strength and ferocity, and Castiel’s speed and agility, they were a formidable pairing and most of the other couples were wary about practicing against them. They preferred fighting alone anyway, fearful that they would cut down other members of the army accidentally when they absorbed themselves in their efforts.
“Girls making out is hot.” Pudgy persisted. Alex rolled her eyes, and held Claire’s wrist like she was stopping her from moving forward to confront them. But she wasn’t angry, she was bored of the entire conversation and the way they kept looking at Alex’s legs.
'It's something certain members of the Men of Letters could do. They never gave me access to those files before.'
'Are we fighting?' Dax sighed, taking an opportunity through the traffic. 'Faith, it's two in the morning-'
And before Dax had time to register it properly, Faith had drawn a short silver dagger from the steampunk hip bag she insisted on wearing, and stabbed Ms Matthews in the gut. She withdrew the blade, and stabbed the woman again in the chest, watching the skin around the wounds as it bubbled and sizzled from the contact with the blade. She pushed hard on the blade, waiting for the life to leave Ms Matthews as something gurgled up the older woman's throat, and the body eventually dropped to the ground.
“But you’re incredible, Dean, I keep telling you that. You don’t just capture form; you put life into your drawings. This one of Charlie looks like a photograph.”
“It’s all the time I spend in high school. Never grew out of it.” Dean grinned. “And you love my boyish charm.”
'It reeks of booze in here.' Faith shrugged. Dean turned around again, levelling his red-eyed glare at her.
“You’re going to be okay, Cas. I’m not going to leave you with nothing. Mother and Father would have hated it if I had.”
Sam gave his brother one of his most endearing expressions. Brows high, eyes wide, a slight pout to his mouth. His please-don’t-hurt-me-I’m-so-innocent face. Castiel was used to it, the way you could see one of his eyes that way, the way his jowls seemed to hang just that much further down. But clearly it was hard for Dean to take. He closed his eyes, and pinched the bridge of his nose.
'So far as I know Ben, you aren't my kid. Lisa swore blind that it was some other guy. Don't blame me for being deadbeat. If I'd known, if there was any way I could've found out, don't you think I would've tried for you?'
'Dax, it's a book. It's not going to have miracle answers. And it's simple, we need a silver blade.'
'Focus, Dexter. You still have a lot of talking to do. I think Faith would rather hear it from you than from us.'
“That’s why I stopped the mark from ending you. I can’t lose you, like I can’t lose Sam, like I couldn’t lose Charlie.” Dean murmured. “I still have some control, Cas.”
“And that’s your reason for getting into a physical confrontation with a senior?” Dean was still making notes, and Mr Singer was eyeing her with interest.
He collapsed where he stood after the tail lights disappeared. Maybe he had to face facts. No matter how much he wanted Dean, the guy clearly wasn’t interested. All Castiel was doing was driving his own hopes up and putting himself through even more torture. He had been at the show because it was his show. He came to the barbecue because Michael had obviously invited him. And he came today to fulfil his obligations with delivering his creations. For all Castiel knew, he had been hoping to avoid him.
He scanned the horizon, as though he would work out a solution across the grassy mound, and then he focused back on her.
Castiel experienced a strange sensation of both relief and confusion. So it was likely this couple were Dean’s brother and his girlfriend, but also he didn’t know anything of Castiel and Dean’s relationship. The woman continued signing as she spoke, her voice clear and strong though it was evident in the tone that she was deaf.
The next moment, Dean was running back at his opponent, who finally went on the attack. Their blades cracked together in the air, sparks flying once more. The slim man was agile, quick, and very good at reading. His blade moved quickly, and Dean had to work to meet it, to parry and to block with his shield. They covered a lot of ground as they kept up their blows against each other. Eventually, one of the officers called time on the fight, and they both moved away, panting heavily. Dean could feel a heat in his stomach, and he knew it was due to the rookie. As soon as his armour was removed, he approached the man.
“Wait,” Claire, pulled her back into a hug. “We’re not that far from the diner, we could ask Eileen to use the phone and get a ride?”
Charlie glared at him, and Dax chuckled, flicking through a few of the pictures again, finding his favourite in the bunch and sliding it out into his pocket.
“We have a lot of grounds. When we were younger, we used to sleep at the edge of the property where we have a small lake. Of course, we had a small cabin out there and we had jet skis on the lake, but it was like camping out.”
“I thought I made you up,” Castiel muttered, his already low voice even deeper, and slightly muffled by the pillow he was half-buried in. He groaned loudly. “My head is fucking killing me.”
“What’s to discuss? He gave you his number. Call him any time, right? About stuff you wouldn’t say in front of me, like what you want for dinner or the nights that you’re free.”
“And what about the locals? What about your boss? You think it won’t get out that you have a husband? You think this town will accept that?”
“Like I said,” Dean spoke around a mouthful of grapes. “I’m used to it. I told you my past, I’ve always been the one to take it. Makes no difference to me.”
'Poltergeist. I don't know exactly what happened, but the way Gabriel tells it, by the time Faith and Stevie were done the Poltergeist was practically begging to be exorcised.'
“Thanks. Now if only I could get rid of those pesky rules and bring some girls back.” Adam looked at his feet. “You were okay, for a room mate.”
What was more irritating for Castiel was the evenings when he wanted to just sleep, and Meg was making more and more efforts to be provocative, to allure him into bed. Nothing was going to work on Castiel, and he wondered why she would try. She had never mentioned finding Castiel attractive in the slightest, they had never had that relationship, and he was baffled as to why she was acting as though she suddenly did. Their friendship was becoming strained by it, which felt ridiculous so early into their marriage.
“I’m sorry Castiel. Well, actually I’m not. Maybe I should be, but then you perhaps wouldn’t have had the time with Dean. So I think it was worthwhile.” Michael swelled with his own importance. “So was it apprehension of dancing that made you leave? You were under no obligation to dance.”
“Perhaps we should consider more what you would like? Since my feelings are the ones that are more obvious here.”
He barely slept all night, wanting to memorise the smell of Dean, watching him as he slept, and thinking. Dean was curled up in his sleeping bag, snoring softly, his arm outside of the bag and hanging out in a way that didn’t seem at all comfortable, reaching across to the desk, away from Castiel.
“Um, what?” Dean blinked, and nearly dropped the green bean casserole Castiel had insisted they make. “This island is tiny. How much family do you have?”
They weren’t invasive thoughts, were they? The contract was over, and Dean had no obligation to text him back. And clearly, he had no desire to. Castiel felt destroyed. He had really thought … you couldn’t fake those things, could you? The way Dean spoke in French to him, the way he kissed. How he always checked how Castiel was doing, the constant contact between them. Had he really done it all with dollar signs in his eyes? It didn’t seem like Dean, did it? But then, Dean had been grumpy with him until he had offered the money. He had only agreed to the dates … once Castiel admitted who he was.
“It’s like our thing though, to call you my stepdad.” Claire pointed out. “I mean, that’s where this is heading, right?”
Castiel mouthed it, smiling faintly, and he began to watch the soldiers now fighting. He leaned into Dean slightly.
Dean was taking his time for once, and focusing all his attention on pleasuring Castiel. He supposed it was something to do with the five hours stretching ahead of him, but Dean’s thoughts seemed locked in on their shared memory of the moment they met. It gave Castiel some misgivings that perhaps they shouldn’t be doing anything physical at all, but it was so hard to resist Dean, to walk away from those lips and biceps and that firm chest. And besides, Dean could hear him debating whether it was right or not, and he was very persistent in his need to be physical … Castiel didn’t fight it. He caressed Dean’s chest and stomach slowly, his fingertips grazing skin as he reached towards Dean’s penis. He was rewarded by Dean flexing his hips up, demanding to be touched.
“Cancer.” Claire said in a shaky voice. “She went in for a sore throat, and they said it was cancer. Lymphoma. She never stood a chance, it happened too quickly. I don’t think she had the fight in her, without Dad.”
“No. Only two people have been on that boat and they’re both in this tent. She negotiated it in that old art museum near Main Street.”
“Because I know you, Claire, I know you’re planning to kick their asses and make things worse. I know you won’t resist a chance to shout back at them like that Kaia girl earlier. You think they’ll stop at bitchy comments in the hallway?”
“Hey, Mr Winchester!” One of the guys crowed. Dean looked over and waved, before stepping aside so Claire could play first.
“Do you even have a home?” Alex asked once her coke was put in front of her. Claire flipped her off, confident that there was no one to punish her without her father or any teachers nearby. “Because my friends were wondering if you lived in the trash somewhere.”
They said their goodbyes, Dean even bending down to say goodbye to the baby, and then they used their angelic powers to go to New Mexico. They looked at the huge red rock that pierced the sky in front of them, and Castiel thought over Sam and Becky’s news. He was going to be an uncle. He never imagined he’d ever end up one of them.
“Probably still out in the woods.” Alex answered. “It wasn’t a great night. Um, I’ll call Jody, get her to come get me.”
“Deal,” Jack opened the box, snaffling a donut stuffed with cream and covered in a maple bacon glaze. They shuffled the cards and dealt him in, passing him a stack of cookies. He ate one and put a donut in the middle of the pile. When they were all concentrating, Dean started talking.
“Hi!” He beamed, and waved at Dean. Dean had stopped walking, watching this interaction, but Emma shoved him into the house so she could flirt with a guy that Dean hadn’t even vetoed.
It most definitely was not the best date ever. The boys had shown up in some cheap jalopy and driven to a nearby wooded area, finding a clearing where they had built a camp fire and then sat around it with cans of beer. Devon was pressed up close to Alex, leering at her and being gross, and his friend Ben sat uncomfortably close to Claire, offering her his drink and trying to put his arm around her. She glowered into the fire, trying not to care every time she heard Alex’s laugh.
The first room he ended up in was clearly the room Faith had been using. There were a few feathers scattered, molted from her wings. Her hip bag lay on the bench beside the bed, like it too had been forgotten in favour of her parents. Dax searched quickly through the room, hoping that Dean would have hidden the money there, that he trusted Faith enough for that. But there was nothing, not even a measly nickel, so he snuck out, shutting the door softly behind him, and creeping over to the next room.
“You never talk!” Castiel raised his voice, and Faith felt like crying. They were talking about her, she could tell that much. Her, and their relationship. She had thought they were good together. She aspired to having something like their connection, to having someone look at her with that level of devotion, but it sounded like … like her Mom had manipulated her Dad.
Either side of the television were two tall bookshelves. One was full of books, the other had DVDs, board games, sketchbooks and photographs clustered on its shelves. There was an adorable one of Charlie as a baby, with Sam cradling her, his eyes wide, and Dean holding him, looking sullen. A six-year-old moody Dean was adorable.
Dean looked up at Sam, who slid something onto his knuckles and struck Dax on the face again. Dax screamed against tightly closed lips, blood bubbling out of the corner of his mouth anyway, and a bruise already forming on his chin.
“Difficult. My dad didn’t handle it well, losing Mom. He started drinking a lot, left us alone or with our Uncle Bobby. I didn’t understand where Mom was, and Dad said I was responsible for Sammy so I had to learn to look after him, had to learn Mom wasn’t coming home. Bobby helped me a lot, gave me a break from being Sam’s other parent, talked to me about loss and stuff. Stood up to Dad when he didn’t do enough for us. Child welfare should have been all over us, but Bobby didn’t want us separated, and Dad didn’t need that either. I needed Sammy, Sammy needed me, and we were meant to have Dad as well. Sometimes we did, but losing Mom hardened him. He wasn’t always the guy we needed.”
Dean put his arms around her and snuggled down like he had as a little boy, feeling her fingers brush through the hair at the back of his head as she fully dissolved into tears. He felt the pull in his chest that told him not to leave, to stop her being so upset, but he couldn’t do that now.
“So, bit of a mix up last night,” she sounded offhand, and adjusted the bookmark display beside the till slightly.
Dean whisked them away again before Castiel could attempt to read his mind and find out where he wanted to go. He found himself in a diner, the decor a duck egg blue and everything rimmed with chrome. In a booth across the room, he could see Dean’s father with a younger version of his mother. John looked up as they approached, and broke into a smile when he saw Dean. He stood up and embraced his eldest son, slapping him on the back as he did so. Castiel, who had heard nothing but bad about John Winchester, was dumb-founded.
“He lives up in Maine, Mom. Do you know how hard it is to be away from him? What if you found out Dad hadn’t died and he lived up there? What would you do?”
“I didn’t mean a crush. Not last night, not this morning. He would rather dance with you last night than anyone, he looks at you the same way as him. That’s all true. He loves you to bits, Claire, but I don’t think like that. I think you’re his favourite person, and I think even though Alex is your best friend in school I think it’s the same for you too. That’s why I think you can tell him about what’s going on and he’d be okay. He won’t make you feel bad for it, he won’t string you along. He’ll just want everything to be okay with his favourite person on the planet.”
She peeled it off slowly, and Jack held a hand out for the sunscreen without saying a word. She handed it over and moved her hair to one side, keeping her body locked in position as Jack essentially caressed her back, both loving and hating the sensation. She also both hated and loved it when he wrapped his arms around her shoulders and crooked his chin on his arms too. If this were one of her dreams, she would at this point turn to look at him and things would quickly get hot and heavy. She kept her gaze on her father.
“Revenge for Fabio Junior. Please, Cas, no one else appreciates my lips like you do.” He looked around at Castiel’s family, and bent his head closer. “Um, so do they know? About us?”
“And that’s enough of that. Thank you for the offer, girls, but there’s a couple of things I need to get finalised. And I imagine you want to talk without a boring adult present? I’ll see you soon.”
This story completely absorbed me to write it, merging my love of Ancient Greece and my excitement on discovering this way of life in that era and the wonderfulness of Dean and Castiel. If you would like to explore any of the sources I used in building this, below are the different websites, books, podcasts etc I basically inhaled as I constructed the story. There is also a glossary of terms for some of the Greek I have used – my spellcheck is about to hate me as much as it has for the entire rest of the story now!
It was like that first visit on the island, all over again. Sam was twenty-one again, tall and healthy, full of happiness and love. And Gabriel was late thirties, his hair full and honey blond once more, his eyes sparkling with mischief. Dean gaped.
Dean rocked a few more times, hands gripping tight every place that they touched. It was like he couldn’t make up his mind and his hands roved over Cas’ skin, clammy and urgent and skittering. When Dean came, grunting hard and fast, not even speaking just making animal noises of pleasure, he buried his fingers into Cas’ feathers and curled them held on and crushed the primary feathers until they were bent and twisted in his grip while he rode Cas through the end of his orgasm.
He shoved, but Dean was heavy and solid. Dean spread lube between the cracks of his ass, wormed his way between Cas’ legs even as he tried to keep them closed. Every time Cas tried to roll over or head towards the edge of the bed Dean would yank him around and smother him. There wasn’t any room between them, no space to throw a punch, no air to breathe, no weak points to tackle.
The man left and Cas turned his head, wishing he didn’t have to hear the door click closed, taking safety with it. A flicker caught his attention. He blinked, surprised as Sam appeared as if out of nowhere. He twitched his fingers, hoping to beckon him. He knew it wasn’t real, just his mind slipping and sliding down the tracks of pain and confusion and the drugs trying to blind him with some new distraction.
In a blink there was a blade pressed to his skin. An Angel blade, sharp as they come. He sucked in a breath and it shifted the metal against his sternum.
“Yeah, because that’s his M.O.” the hallucination of Sam said, walking behind Dean, circling the bed to perch on the other side.
Cas scrutinized him and Dean sighed. “I’d much rather it was you than him, anyway.” Which was true, and if Dean was already hooked up for the day Chuck might stay away.
There was a humiliated flush across Dean’s chest, warming his face, but he was also comfortable, soothed. He’d been invaded by metal ever since he arrived here, only going seconds without the hook or the plug. And now he had flesh, real and live and throbbing. Cas settled and moved with him, was warm and so much less intrusive. So the embarrassment, the debasement, he could take—if it meant Cas stayed.
Lube slick sounds followed, flesh on flesh and bottle top closing; hands rubbing over skin and then surprise cool liquid being pushed inside him. Not enough, probably, but he didn’t get a say. Knew he wouldn’t really want one, anyway.
“That’s what I mean, he saw the wings of the angel he was destined to be closest to and it’s all kinds of messed up. I’m closest to you and you’ve never even wanted to, but I can fix it. I can take the lead when you won’t.”
Cas sang like a little bird soon enough. Once Dean began a wordless yelling, Cas begged with whatever words Chuck demanded of him. Dean was grateful, briefly. Until Chuck’s work began. Sat astride Cas, his ass completely full, Dean was slowly, methodically, torn to shreds.
Dean cocked his head and then shook it. He breathed out and the alcohol stench wafted over Cas so strongly it made his eyes water. Dean shook his head again.
like it.” Cas countered, deflecting the sting of Dean’s words by reminding him he wasn’t the only broken excuse for a man here.
Dean moaned, rolled his head to the side to look Cas in the eye. “No, gotta let it happen on it’s own.”
Cas wanted to scream but only a high whistle left his vocal chords. His wings flared out, spread like delicate fingers until they were wider than the span of the bed. He couldn’t control them, they were reacting and changing to the stimuli. They were finding a new anchor point, a thing to tether themselves too on the physical plane.
“No!” Cas fought, he fought with all he had, struggled and tried to surge away but he felt caught on Dean’s dick, and trapped in Dean’s arms. Dean was utterly focused on keeping Cas close. His thrashing got him nowhere except a prick to his skin, over his heart. Just where Cas was most terrified of.
. If this is what was required to keep the world safe, if it’s what he had to give, he could have helped.
He tried to shove Dean off but Dean only held on harder, his grip clasped tightly around Cas’ wrists, tighter than Cas seemed able to grapple back.
Dean rolled, used his weight to tumble them back over until Cas was on his belly, pressed flat to the mattress, his legs spread wide to accommodate the girth of Dean between them, inside him.
Dean shifted, clenched around Cas’s length. Swallowed hard and was glad his dick was already spent for the day, so he wasn’t rock hard for this conversation.
Dean chuckled, removed his hand, and Cas cracked his eyes open to see him rearrange the bulge in his own jeans. Cas wondered what the end game here was, where Dean thought this was going; where they were
“You’re always high. And I know tonight isn’t any different.” Dean laughed against his mouth and trailed kisses over his jaw. “Let’s make it perfect all round, a buzz and a fuck, just how you like it.”
Cas’s presence helped as Chuck wielded his power. It was sharp as a whip and just as effective. It sliced Dean’s torso, chest, and the tops of his legs into bloody ribbons. Until the scarlet liquid dripped into a pool beneath his toes and he slipped and slid and couldn’t keep his feet under him. He sagged on Cas, now longer supporting his own weight at all, energy spent, and only able to writhe as he screamed through the rest of the torture.
Not to get ahead of myself or anything but having you here is like a little gift to myself, an unexpected twist. But a good one! I’ll have to think on how to make best use of it.”
Dean rolled them over so they were spooning, side by side. Still buried deep he rolled his hips, and Cas squirmed at the feeling of Dean’s dick nudging further inside him. He gripped Dean’s hand where it rested over his heart and Dean groaned, his other hand stroking Cas’ stomach like he was trying to feel himself from the outside. Cas tried to wriggle away but Dean was like a limpet and where Cas went, he followed.
Dean, for his part, immediately wished he’d already ripped his skin asunder with his teeth. Not that it would’ve stopped Chuck if he really wanted to play, but this was not going to be pretty.
Cas stopped, started again, faltered while trying to look stoic and unaffected—but Dean saw. Dean always saw. He dropped his chin to his chest and let it hang there, eyes closed tightly so he could pretend he wasn’t embarrassed.
Dean threw him a soft smile, and though it hardened into something akin to malice as Dean looked away Cas was glad to see it.
With a shove he pushed Dean’s head back until it lolled on Cas’s shoulder. Too weak to think about moving, he let it lay there, unashamed. His ass felt speared, and that he was a little ashamed about, but they could deal with that once Chuck made his farewell.
Dean choked him again and his feet scrabbled uselessly in the footwell, ass squeaking on the seat as he couldn’t breathe and couldn’t breathe and
He pulled back and struck Cas again, too many times in quick succession for Cas to keep count. The pain spread into what felt like one giant bruise. He tried to keep his reactions to himself but let slip an uncontrollable noise or two. Sounds that seemed to drive Dean wild, eyes alight and grin broadening. Cas was on his knees, looking up at the once-man, now-demon who used to be his friend. Even like this, he would trust Dean with his life; he would let Dean
He bracketed Cas with his body, shoved a knee between Cas’s legs and placed a hand bruisingly tight around Cas’s throat. Pinned, caught, and with everything throbbing, Cas rutted against Dean as the pleasure rose within him like a tidal wave. He twisted his hands behind his back, felt the sweet agonising pinch of his skin beneath the plastic ties, and leaned into the ache that Dean’s hand squeezed around his neck.
“You can’t miss me when I’m right here, that isn’t logical.” Cas looked around his sparse cabin, they lived on top of each other as it was, this one space was supposed to be his refuge when the door was closed.
There was always something in him, but the room demanded his penance in other ways too. Chuck had designed it to be uniquely tailored to Dean. He spent his days hooked to the ceiling, and his nights chained to the floor, and he spilled his blood across the white, and his own white fluid on top of that—if he failed in any of these tasks the cacophony of torture was too unbearable.
And Cas wrapped Dean’s cock in one hand, and manipulated the hook with the other, and arousal mixed with fear and shame and desperation until Dean spurted with a choked groan. His knees buckled, but Cas had him. The chain retracted and he was pulled free, lifted onto unsteady feet and shoved toward the wall.
. Dean’s movements slowed but didn’t stop and Cas near-sobbed because his reprieve felt snatched from him as the person swore and tried to back out of the room.
He wasn’t sure what Dean was saying, there were words and sounds but all he could focus on was the touch. The touch that felt like dirt on his essence, smearing dust across the planes of once holy relics. Sullied now, being pulled away from him in new ways.
"Nobody dies happy, Sam." He muttered and when he raised his eyes, Sam noticed the distinct glassy look. He wanted to press more. He had to. Dean had to talk about it.
Sam sighed. It had been almost a month since they'd saved Castiel from the Empty. He'd stayed with them, finally learning properly “how to human”, as he put it. How to eat right, how to wash well, how to keep a healthy sleep schedule and exercise regularly. Everything Dean didn't know how to do either, as Cas didn't forget to mention one time, earning a silent treatment from Dean for the entirety of the dinner.
"So, what are you gonna do?" asked Sam, a slightly different question than the one he's asked him two weeks ago while watching The Last Crusade. with the same unknown answer. Dean shrugged.
“This is bullshit.” says Dean when the train that was supposed to take them to Munich leaves. Cas agrees. It's July, scorching hot, and Schwandorf is as dead as a roadkill. Even the restaurants in the vicinity of the train station are closed.
Cas looked at him, still clinging to the sliver of hope they had in their kid. He turned to Heaven again.
Cas knew Dean was fading, and he was fading very fast. His breathing was getting more and more shallow and Cas allowed him to gently slide down to his lap, cradling his face. Dean looked at him.
It takes him a just a few minutes into the train ride to pull out his phone and send a message to his best friend, Balthazar.
"He’s not in his best mind right now. I think we should wait, prepare what we can, and then… I’ll talk to him." he said. While Sam was sure Dean wouldn’t refuse, there was no way he would, he also feared the consequences of a failure. Dean couldn’t take much more when it came to losing Cas. Eileen nodded, clearly thinking about all that was said.
Cas can't sleep, for some reason. He keep rolling and turning, from back to side and back, and just after an unspecified amount of time, as he finally feels himself falling asleep, he allows his mind to drift to the one topic he has been avoiding.
And then there's Benny. Dean doesn't really talk about him much, but he shows up at the hotel from time to time, sitting at the bar and waiting for Dean's shift to end. Sometimes Cas makes him coffee, and sometimes he just chats with him and Ash, and sometimes, when he's busy checking a guest in, or filling in the registration form, he just glances at the way Dean interacts with his boyfriend. But Dean's his colleague and friend, Benny is a nice guy, and Castiel is not jealous. Why would he be?
He eats his salad untinterrupted, chatting with Charlie, and when he returns to the front, Dean is filling in the registration forms into the system.
“Shit...” Dean muttered quietly, desperately looking around as if there would be a physical way out of the mess he just made. But it didn't work that way and Dean was a
“Dean! What happened?” he asked, his eyes looming over the terrifying amount of blood staining Cas's chest and Dean's back. Cas opened his mouth, words stuck in his throat. He pulled Dean closer.
“I will be.” promised Cas and gave him one of those soul searching stares, which, however, felt quite different now that he was human. Even though Cas couldn't see his soul anymore, it felt deeper than it did when he could.
Oh, it's Dean. He doesn't even look tired, casually wiping the bar. The muffins are already on display and the coffee cups neatly stacked on the top of the coffee machine. Cas straightens up and realizes he must look absolutely horrible, his face all red and his hair a bird's nest.
“The guy in 401 complained that the elevator is too loud. I told him to come before the check-ins start and we'll give him a different room.” he says and Cas nodds and writes it down on a yellow post-it note. He looks at Dean.
His brother slowly turned around and his expression seemed like a mixture of anger, guilt and panic. Sam also stood up, towering slightly over Dean.
. He saw himself treating Cas like shit, he saw himself beating Cas bloody, he saw Cas alone and cold on the streets, he saw
"Dean, we have to do this. We have to try…" he said, certain that Dean knew what he was talking about.
“Why didn't you just tell me from the start?” he asked, even if deep down, he knew the answer. Because he knew himself.
Cas stared at him, blinking. Dean hoped that this was the time that Cas wouldn't actually catch the meaning and he would be given the possibility to correct himself.
As the night goes on, every time he thinks about getting another drink, he finds himself facing a full glass and Dean's kind green eyes. And every time, the Cuba Libre is as just he likes it. And Dean is drunk, his face flushed and hair messy. And so is everyone else. So when they move from the bar to just loitering with beer around local pub, Cas decides it's time to go home. He's not the first one to leave anyway and deems it not rude.
"Where are you going?" asked Eileen, and Sam couldn't decided whether he was more surprised or relieved by the revelation that Cas was going with Dean.
It was very early morning, the sun barely grazing the horizon and its first lazy rays bathing everything in soft yellow tones. Eileen shivered a bit, as the morning cold got past her sweatshirt. Sam let go of her and went over to his brother, who was packing duffel bag into Impala's trunk. That was all he deemed worth taking.
Dean smiles at him and pulls him into a warm, tight hug. Cas feels his heart beating franctically. Or maybe it's Dean's? No, it's definitely his own, accompanied by the heat rushing in his cheeks.
His room welcomes him with pleasantly cooled air and inviting queen sized bed. He peels his sweaty clothes off and hops into what has to be the best shower of his life. Feeling refreshed, he puts on a clean tshirt and pants and tries to tame his hair, needless to say that unsuccessfully, and he doesn't have the time to properly wash them. So he just wets them and hopes for the best.
“You know, you don't have to wear that just because we do.” he said, hoping to encourage Cas to choose something for himself. Cas sighed and put back the brown shirt he'd been inspecting.
Sam walked over to the table and started reciting something in Latin, reading it from a tiny piece of paper. The ingredients started burning up and for a while, nothing was happening. And then, Dean felt the hair on the nape of neck stand up. A pool of black goo started to bubble on the wall in front of them. Dean knew that goo all too well. It was a recurring appearance in his worst nightmares, in his mind, in his heart, in the pit of his stomach. Sam kept on chanting the Latin and the goo continued spreading until it created a man-sized hole. Dean took a deep breath and without second thoughts walked through, only one thing on his mind.
for them during coffee break. Cas attentively listens, as if he could understand more than “ja”, while Dean gets himself a coffee. He hands Cas a cup of tea when Sarah hangs up and gives him back the phone.
Following days had been almost unbearable. Sam and Eileen went to clear a small vampire nest in a town nearby, but other than that they stayed in the bunker. It seemed that monster activity had been steadily decreasing, too. Probably Jack’s doing, thought Sam. When he mentioned it to Dean during the usual afternoon drink, his brother just shrugged.
"He didn’t, Sammy. He didn’t and I…" he swallowed, new wave of tears gathering in his eyes. "I let him die thinking that..not knowing…fuck.. " he desperately tried to wipe away the wetness from his face. He looked down at his now empty beer bottle and seemed to look for his words, which weren’t coming. Sam stood there, unsure what to do. Unsure how he could comfort him, how he could alleviate all that pain and guilt Dean was feeling.
‘Heard about you and Winchester by the way. I should have put money on that inevitability. How’s Samsquatch?’
Claire felt her steak churning in her stomach uncomfortably. Dancing with Jack would be a dream come true, but it would also be way too tempting. She tried to bluff her way out of giving an answer.
“Then I’m sorry I couldn’t give her what she wanted, what you wanted. Sometimes we don’t get what we want.”
“I want to meet him,” Sam decided. “Castiel, the god who kept you safe. I want to thank him. I mean, I never thought I would see you again, and you’re here, and you’re not shunning me or threatening Gabe. I have a lot to be grateful for.”
“Yeah. Um, so, I thought I’d give you the Winchester tour, show you around my house, if that’s cool? Well, my mom’s house.”
'She's … well, we're bonding. She misses you. She remembered everything and she keeps talking about when she was a kid. Did you know she could walk for about a week before she actually took her first steps? She was waiting for us.'
“Not cool.” She admonished him, before getting into the middle seats with her father and Dean. They were still laughing, trying to hide it behind their hands as Eileen pulled out and drove towards the bookstore.
“Nah, Charlie wants what’s best for Dean. She knows you made him happy. I mean, she wants to string you up by your balls too, but not when Dean’s around.”
'Oh, he thinks he's far enough away. I wouldn't go in his head right now, he's picturing the last time they-'
Claire turned, looking back into the gazebo. She didn’t think anyone else had been in there, but clearly she was wrong.
Dean was quiet for a few moments, and Faith wondered if he had fallen asleep. Or maybe she was hoping, because his answer could undo her entire world.
“I don’t know. It’s been the five of us for so long, and even then we’re greatly disjointed. Maybe it would be good if they came back, but it could just complicate everything as well. I’m surprised you don’t know what happened.”
“Dean, I’ve been with this army for a long time. And you’re an asset to it. But I’m betrothed to a girl in my village, and now is the time to start a family with her. With Andrea.”
He didn’t know what to do. He could hear Dean, he registered the words, but he couldn’t function, couldn’t answer. The room felt massive, Dean felt like an ocean away, and the only thing anchoring him was Dean’s fingers pressed against his own.
“I’ve been thinking, when I’ve had the chance to do so the last couple of days. I think I see now … what I’m really asking, Claire, is are you going to be okay being alone with Jack?”
“I don’t think you understand, Cassie. That man was and is crazy about you. Last time I was at their house, I found this sketchbook with a rather illuminating picture of you and him in it. One he’d drawn. And you … I didn’t even know you had that whole anxiety thing going on still, but you went and asked him out! Cassie … don’t let this get in your way.”
“Parents in a car accident. They’re alive, just battered up. They’re trying to find their aunt to come look after them until they’re well enough to come out of hospital.”
He'd felt things were amiss as he came around, trying to figure out what was different from the night before. And then he realised that Faith was no longer in bed. He jumped out of the covers, looking through all their things. Faith had taken her favourite weapons, and her salt and lighter. Dax had a note on top of his jeans, a hastily scrawled "sorry". Sam was right, Faith was far too impulsive. Dax climbed into his best slacks and a button down, topping the look off with a bow tie, before grabbing the room keys and dashing over to Sam and Krissy's room, his breathing beginning to grow erratic.
“Oh. No, it’s nothing like that. It’s …” Castiel was unsure how to proceed. Becky responded, trying to talk around the issue so that Sam wouldn’t work it out.
Claire pushed her chair away from the table, but didn’t move to get up. She didn’t want to storm away, she didn’t want to not have a reasonable conversation with them, it was just so weird to have to talk to her father about sex. It would have been bad enough if she was seeing someone and he tried to give her The Talk, but this? She wasn’t sure how to feel.
"It's not that I don't like having my powers, or that they're not useful. It will be nice to come with you and Dean and be of use when you're hunting, rather than stuck in the bunker or motel rooms and looking through your books. It's just that, Dean trusted me more as a human. He said it's not true, but that's how it feels."
“Yeah. And we’ve all got crap families. I don’t know what happened with my parents, but I ended up with these guys who used me as bait for trafficking. Jody was part of the police raid, she took me home and basically became my family. And now she’s adopting me,” Alex smiled.
'Fuck! Werewolves!' She shrieked, her hands shaking. Gabriel and Castiel accosted her at the same time, pulling at her arms so she couldn't aim and fire. Gabriel pressed two fingers to her forehead, until she slumped in her mother's arms.
“Claire, if you want us to stop being physical for a while, we can do that. Just, please don’t break up with me.”
She nodded, and rolled over, getting comfortable for some sleep. But she couldn’t shut out the sound of her parents talking, breathing the words to each other in the dark.
“He’s bringing people back from the dead?” Becky looked stricken, and Castiel could understand. As much as she had enjoyed the novels, and understood Dean and Sam’s work, she was still scared by talk of death, and Hell, and demons. “Like zombies?”
Castiel noticed some things while he spied on them from behind columns and other sculptures, or from the balcony that ran along the room. Dean was interested in Benny, his body language made that clear. But Castiel didn’t get the vibe that it was reciprocated, Benny’s body language was a lot more reserved. Castiel just couldn’t tell if it was platonic on Dean’s side, if he maybe considered Benny a better friend than Benny did him.
Once the girls had gone in the morning, and Claire was cleaning up the debris from their evening, Castiel joined her, straightening sofa cushions and looking very much like a man who wanted to have a Conversation.
So he was fixing up the camper van, which had been sitting idle just outside the bunker for close to three weeks. The first thing he noticed was the gas gauge, which was showed there was at least half a tank in the beast still. Hadn't Dax and Faith said the first night that they were totally out of gas? It started up okay, and Dean drove the van into the garage before getting to work on tightening the engine, checking the oil, testing the brake pads. He was totally lost in his work when Castiel came into the garage, smiling as he saw Dean's feet sticking out from under the camper van.
“Yep. And I also know how lucky you are to have Cas. You’ve been a lot calmer in the last couple of weeks, more settled.”
They finally pulled up at the Winchester’s house, and Dean sat back in the driver’s seat. Castiel reached across and put his hand on Dean’s gently.
'Short stack,' he started as he wound an arm across her shoulders, his tone kind, 'don't be a bitch.'
“I only live a couple of blocks away. We could go and be back by midnight? We’d just have to be quiet, my brother’s there with his wife and their baby.”
Claire stared straight ahead, at the sidewalk lined with shrubs and the cars parked in the opposite driveway.
“Both of you stop it,” Dean corrected, and left them alone to walk around the table and embrace Castiel, who hugged his husband back gratefully. “Hey.”
“If he’s irrelevant, what do you care?” Castiel spat back, wheeling around to face his older brother. “If he’s irrelevant, surely it will be over sooner rather than later and you can act superior once again, that you were right and I’m not. Or does he get under your skin for some other reason?”
Dean walked into the room, folding his arms across his chest and glaring. Despite himself, Castiel's gaze was drawn to the way Dean's biceps bulged, the way his chest strained against his t-shirt.
“No. No, you might play divide and conquer, but my brothers and I are a unit. You crush my brother and I
Claire had attempted to cook once her homework was done, and Castiel came upstairs to find her scraping pasta into a bowl and covering it in sauce and cheese.
'Ahem. Dean? Cas? Missions?' Sam interrupted after a few moments. Dean reached his arm behind him to flip his brother off, all the while still kissing Castiel with a hint of desperation. They pulled apart on their own time.
“I can assure you that I have had some experience. I just don’t want to discuss it now. I want to know everything about you.”
Castiel pressed his lips together. He didn’t want to talk money with Dean. And besides, he knew it was less about the money and more about his name.
