Their words fell away as John kissed back up Sherlock’s body and claimed his mouth at the same moment his pushed a third finger inside of his lover. Sherlock quickly felt desperation to have John claim him boiling inside his chest, the presence of Mycroft earlier having touched on his deep-seated uncertainty about the mender really being able to tolerate him for all the ages of the word. John was only too happy to oblige, and it did not take long before John sank into Sherlock with all manner of noises. He snapped his hips back and forth hard, so hard it knocked the headboard into the wall, as he held Sherlock’s hands pinned to the bed. They worked together, feverishly, for several hours before collapsing into a heap and passing into a deep slumber.
“Keep him in his room; do not let him recover much.” Sebastian ordered conversationally as he stood with his daughter at the door. “He is not to have too much blood while I am gone; however I want him fully healed when I return.”
"I have missed you. I have grown far too attached to someone who is not mine." He smirked as John blushed.
Sherlock pulled his shirt free of his shoulders and it went the way of the jacket, keeping his arms held behind his back as Sherlock trailed hot kisses over his chest. He paused to toy with each of his nipples, lavishing attention on them until John whimpered. Sherlock was desperate to touch and use him the same sort of desperation he'd had during their first time. He was claiming John all over again and it made John's knees feel weak. There was a flutter of motion behind his back and he felt the jacket fall to the floor, but when he tried to pull his hands forward he couldn't.
"John, you look handsome." His mother spoke as she stood and hugged him. "We were worried. We had not heard from you in days."
- The man looked similar to James, Jensen, and Jared but not entirely the same -
"I'll send Molly up with the tea. Georgina sent one of her cooks over to make dinner when Jacob told her John might be ill. So dinner is at least taken care of. She's a sweet lady, Mrs. Pendergrass."
"You do not care for him!"
"Oh God, Sherlock…" John panted, his toes curling. In his wildest dreams he hadn't imagined how amazing
"Sorry..." He mumbled and Molly just smiled.
"SHERLOCK!" He screamed trying to sit up and being forced back by the restraints on his arms. He coughed and sputtered before he began to realize where he was. The rush of energy leaving John drained as the pain rocketed through his body. He groaned softly.
you safe, John." Shivers ran through John's body, both from the feeling of Sherlock's voice and breath on his ear and from the terrible fear that seemed to awaken in his bones. He swallowed hard and tried to find his strength, tried to find the resolve that had disappeared from him for so long.
“Christmas,” John replied blushing. He had forgotten no one had been around.
John sighed as he tried to sort out what clothes they might need. It was hard enough for him to pack when he knew how long he'd be gone for, but this was an indefinite trip. He also had to try to consider what Sherlock would want to wear, by no means an easy feat. It also didn't help that Sherlock was occasionally barking orders for John to pack the most random items. Eventually he found a bag big enough for many of the things Sherlock was trying to get him to pack and took it to him.
"First and foremost my congratulations. You have chosen an apt mate who is as deserving of you as I think any could be. Secondly to swear an oath to you that I shall do all I can to prevent your happiness from being damaged. You and I have had a tenuous friendship at best over these last several years but I wish to see it strengthened. I know why you have maintained your distance and I truly accept fault for it. However I also have become aware that Moriarty intends to obtain your mate for his own. He has his sights narrowed on your husband and I swear to you now I shall do all I can to ensure that his actions do not bring you or him harm. I will do all I can to ensure that your safety is never compromised and your happiness remains." Sherlock was completely confused now, his face betraying him. Sebastian was rather surprised that John had obviously not told them their history but simply smiled as John flushed rather red.
Meaghan led Sebastian down into the dungeon, deeper than he expected. All the while Meaghan kept telling him that something strange had happened to the mender while he was away. She explained he had been possessed of arousal and desire for her father for almost the entirety of his absence, such that no one had been able to come near the mender without it addling their thoughts. Sebastian kept growling more and more pleased as she explained the situation to him. John was finally cracking, the distance having driven his mind over the edge. His thoughts were far from him, so he was taken by surprise when she opened the door, causing him to his in pleasure at the sight before him. John was completely naked. He looked healthy and strong, something Sebastian had denied him for years. His body gleamed with oil and his hands were covering every inch of skin they could. His body was flush with desire and it was clear to see he’d been this way for some time. Sebastian watched as John groaned his name, his hand working something deeper inside of his quivering hole. Sebastian groaned, realizing it was a smooth marble rod that Sebastian had designed to train the mender to take him on his whim. John groaned loudly, his hole clenching around the toy as he smelled and felt Sebastian. He looked up at him, the silver collar and cuffs gleaming against his tanned skin as his eyes locked on the older vampire.
The food arrived and Sherlock settled into a more nostalgic conversation as they ate. Backing off and giving John room to recover and loosen back up. Both of them ate very little, but John put forth a rather good attempt to eat - something that seemed to please Sherlock greatly. Sherlock took some time to explain about several cases he'd worked on with Lestrade and how none of them had been worth getting out of bed over. He also explained that he'd stayed with Mycroft during his time away, something that awoke a great curiosity in John. Sherlock however, refused to elaborate saying only they would discuss it another time. The conversation turned to reminiscences and nostalgia before Sherlock began bargaining with John about when they could discuss returning to work. John conceded that he missed it but asked Sherlock to give him a few more days. Secretly he just wanted time alone with Sherlock, but he knew that keeping Sherlock locked up at home would lead him to go insane.
"Thank you Molly, we appreciate it." Sherlock said genuinely and smiled before completely giving into his curiosity and rooting through the folio. He slowly pulled the bandana from his head and let it fall on the table,
The afternoon passed slowly and around tea time they all started in on the food. John noticed with a smirk that Mycroft seemed to only be interested in talking to Lestrade, the two of them sitting off to one side of the room deep in discussion. Sherlock kept moving about the room rapidly, watching everyone and avoiding proximity with anyone. It took awhile but John finally got his arm and spun him down, so he fell across his lap. He kissed him softly, well aware everyone could see and waited until Sherlock stopped fighting before he spoke.
"I am terribly sorry." He whispered.
“You are my husband; at least one of us should act like that. Do you not think so?” Sherlock said softly, but his tone held some anger still.
"It is a contrived affair, however it is also a necessary evil. As you have no doubt noticed and been annoyed by, John bears a mark on his neck."
“You will be quiet!” Sebastian growled, kicking John hard in the stomach and then bringing his boot down on John’s back until he slammed into the floor. “And you bring them with you.” He growled again, motioning between Moran and Sherlock.
“His intentions…” John began but Sherlock silenced him with a chaste kiss.
"Yes, it would." He smiled. "It is made from my blood. We save it for special needs like this. It is not time for you to have my true blood yet, not until dark falls. This however will help dull the pain and ease your way a bit." He gently caressed John's cheek as he held him close. "Are you to terribly hurt?"
... The words seemed almost shouted though Sherlock didn't open his mouth, but under the weight of John's calm, even stare he sagged. His guard collapsed and for the second time in four days, Sherlock Holmes let himself be vulnerable in front of John. John watched as that surrender happened and felt a deep ache inside of himself. He wanted to jump up and pull Sherlock to him, to embrace him and tell him everything would be alright. But now wasn't the time, Sherlock needed to navigate this to learn how process his feelings. Their eyes searched each others for a long time before Sherlock replied.
"Do any members of the Order support Marcus?" Sherlock asked quietly as Molly handed John a cup of tea. Sherlock shifted Hamish from one arm to the other before Molly came over and took the boy from him with a sweet smile. Hamish snuggled against her and she walked over and sat down on the couch where John resumed his seat and sipped at his tea.
"Cease this!" He whimpered, clawing into James' hands where they held him pinned.
"I quite agree. We shall accept this treaty." Sherlock growled and stood stalking from the room, leaving the two alone. Mycroft smiled as John stood and moved closer to him, a pained and worried look on his face. "He is worried for you, my little one."
Anthea called on them again when another five days had passed, knocking and looking concerned when she received no answer. She gently opened the door and noted Sherlock on the couch. She stepped into the room tentatively and heard a small whimper from the bed. She tried to pull the blankets aside and when she did panic crossed every line of her face. She gently tried to get John out of the bed but he kept shying away from her until he was firmly in the middle of the bed. He sobbed muttered deliriously and she caught a bit of his words. Something about Sherlock being hurt. She hurried from the room, running as best she could for Mycroft's study. Mycroft was sitting at his desk looking over the short reply from Sebastian when Anthea burst into the room.
“My… Myc…” John gasped, arching into the others touch as his mind went blanker and blanker. Arousal spiked through his body and he shouted as Mycroft stroked his awakening erection hard.
"I am honestly surprised you didn't shag me on the train, with that much pent up energy." John shifted, reaching down to undo the ankle cuffs.
"Do not stray far," John pleaded as he sank to sleep, Sherlock's arm tightly around him.
John, for his part, could not stop himself the arousal that blazed inside of him. A combination of the herbs he had ingested and the desperate need to feel the touch of love. Something in the back of his mind urged him to wait, to wait for Sherlock but the love and relief radiating off of Mycroft was like a desperate salve to his angry wounds. His entire body begged for the salvation Mycroft’s promised and it only stoked the inferno inside of each of the men to a hotter blaze. John panted as Mycroft licked his blood from his lips groaning at how the other was desperate for more even as he hurried out of his own clothes. John kept kissing him over and over again as if trying to prove to himself through touch that he was actually safe. That he was actually home and that this was not a delusion. Mycroft was too desperate reclaim the fledgling he’d thought lost and it was not long before his kisses and touches became more possessive and urgent. John shouted in Mycroft's mouth as their bodies slotted together and it was not long before John was losing himself in the sensations of release. Mycroft utterly forgot everything except the long missed feel of his mender underneath him, as the whirlwind of their desires swallowed their awareness. Mycroft had no idea how long it had been when the mender could finally take no more and collapsed into his exhaustion, watching the mender finally at peace brought tears to his eyes. He gently caressed John’s cheek for a long time before the reality of what had transpired sank in.
"You are afraid of the power of my shield. The Oaken shield, the birthright of an Oaken Solvanar." He gently touched the pendant of his necklace.
When John woke it was with a wail of grief that made the blood of every member of the coven run cold, a wail so full of pain that Gregory did not even try to accompany Mycroft when he tore himself from bed and dashed across the house. Mycroft grabbed John’s hands just as he began to tear at himself and his clothing, stopping him from harming himself and holding him as he fought, as he had done so many nights since Sherlock’s capture. John collapsed back on the bed, tears still falling even as his exhaustion began to settle in – his expression broken open as he looked pitifully up at his Sire and pleaded silently for the pain to be over. Mycroft knew what had happened, he could feel the lingering energy of the connection and he knew the pain that John must be feeling. He knew how little Sherlock remembered of their life together for, after promising James that he would not mention John in the slightest, he’d been granted permission to see his brother. There he learned that Sherlock’s memories were no longer his own and instead were the lies that Moriarty had planted in his mind. His own guilt blossomed as he watched John slowly crumble into an exhausted sleep. He did not know how to free either of his lovers from this pain, how to end the separation that was slowly causing the mender to harden and forcing the ties that once were so strong, to wither away to dust.
"My little fledgling, my John..." Mycroft whispered softly, pressing kisses over his cheeks and forehead. "Sherlock is fine. It seems he did not warn you regarding his brooding behavior. My brother likes to solve puzzles and sometimes when he finds a puzzle he cannot easily solve he goes into his mind and tries to solve it there. He will not move or eat or respond to anything we say or do for quite some time. We must simply wait for him to come back to us."
"What are you talking about?" John teased back, blushing some.
"For the cleverness you possess you are incredibly stupid." The remark cut and Sherlock's lip twitched. "I'm here to
“No! Icky!” Hamish yelled softly, beating his tiny fist against Sherlock’s chest. John sighed.
"No, I haven't been out of the flat in ages. It's good for me. It's just been a long time since people stared at us on the street and the last time well..." John shrugged and looked over the menu hoping he gave off a 'I don't really mind so much, they're all jerks' impression rather than the 'I'm jealous anyone else is looking at you' one.
“Alright I think the gas company will be done with the repairs by then.” She smiled.
"He did so for a reason," Mycroft moved closer and put his hand on his cheek. "Which I understand now. You have suffered so much trying to keep your heart afloat between us. Sherlock has done this to force me to confront my feelings and to salve my heart." He motioned to George to stay back and he helped John into the house on his own.
, that weird little boy who knew too much about everything but wanted nothing to do with it. Then there you were, pronouncing me as brilliant and wanting so much to know me inside and out. Even without our memories you did the same thing again when we met six years ago. You were so eager to be my friend, to be beside me. You
“Is she…”
"It's quite alright Sebastian, we all know you have done what you could." Mycroft offered, sipping his wine and watching the mender stare out the window. "James is dangerous."
"Yes, he does rather favor the little one, doesn't he?" Moriarty grinned.
“What is it, daughter?” He growled.
"Why are you doing this?!" John demanded again, involuntarily twitching his leg. One of the hooks, just around his shin found its purchase in his skin. He shouted.
has done nothing but cause a problem for both you and my brother from the very moment she first came into the picture." Mycroft said looking somewhat amused, but not betraying Sherlock's presence. He pulled out his cell phone and sent a text. "There, it is all arranged. My people will extract her after she has completed her task and she'll be given a nice comfortable life somewhere very far from here. I'm sure that is to your pleasure." Mycroft's smirk was far too all-knowing.
“I've checked over the information you sent me most recently and I am afraid I have to ask you again...  Is this really the best decision right now?" Mycroft asked in a tone that indicated he didn't agree.
Sherlock swept from the room, well aware he was dangerously close to losing control again. He heard John laughing, which angered him slightly. John didn't realize how close Sherlock was to proving to him that Sherlock Holmes did not take prisoners. John seemed to realize something was wrong when Sherlock didn't return and hastily gathered his things to get ready to face the day. As Sherlock moved through the living room towards his own room to change his eyes fell on the card sent by
"My ring…" John grunted suddenly, almost sitting straight up again the techs working on him. The medics looked astonished and forced him back down, though he struggled against them. Sherlock's eyes snapped back to John as he spoke and he moved easily into the ambulance to sit next to him.
"Anything at all my love. So long as your safety is ensured." Sherlock promised, his voice was so genuine and so soft it made John shake.
"I..." A heavy sigh punctuated the air, hiding a repressed sob. "Mycroft, you know I have no experience in matters such as this. Feelings and tender things that come from the heart. It is doubly so when someone like my John is involved. I have tried every possibility that I can conceive of and yet he still refuses me. I love and cherish him more than any other I have ever known and yet it seems we have reached the end of our tender bond... And so soon." Sherlock shivered, the tears breaking free. John stood, debating between several actions however he was frozen in place when Sherlock began speaking again. "Our John needs all of the kindnesses and considerations we may afford him now in his tender healing. As he has no desire of my presence nor any kindness of mine and instead seems to believe that I shall inflict some injury or harm upon him I shall remove from his presence the source of that distress. I shall take myself away to the coven house in Germany and should your path bring you there when you change residences in the next fifty years perhaps then he shall be healed enough I may court him again." Sherlock's gaze fell back to his hands as his back shook. Mycroft sighed softly a mixture of emotions welling up in his own heart as he watched his brother attempt to navigate such treacherous terrain. Sherlock thought he was being noble, trying in vain to provide the best for John's tender feelings. His brother who had never before held a single consideration for the feelings of another and yet here was coming completely undone under the weight of what he assumed John's to be.
"He is a good man you know," John finally piped up and Lestrade grinned.
“My Lord,” Meaghan spoke softly from the door. “The carriage is prepared for you and Lord Moriarty to travel to Summer. Word has arrived that your envoy is there.” She bowed. Sebastian stood, shoving himself a few more times into John’s body before finding his release and letting the mender collapse on the floor. John trembled, staying still as he did.
“It's obvious already, Sherlock. I know you've figured it out." John smirked slightly.
"It was though, he suggested we do something funny to tease his uncle. I couldn't very well deny him that could I?"
“I am glad you have left your room again.” Mycroft smiled.
"No, there's not much to do right now because of the weather. I'll need to talk to Jacob, John's cousin, sometime in the next few days but likely John will have to come with me because he only speaks German." Sherlock smirked at Greg's confusion.
“Speaking of, I forgot to congratulate you lot on your engagement earlier.” Lestrade grinned. “Are you sure you can put up with this for the rest of your life?” He laughed and John giggled.
"So Uthur and James were together I don't understand how that leads to a murder." John focused to make him continue.
“Lady Elizabeth took ill this morning and both she and the child have perished.” Mycroft said softly, watching as John shook in Sherlock’s arms. John looked ready to rip Moriarty apart.
"Just what are you implying?!" Sherlock's tone was deadly, but Mycroft didn't flinch.
"What is it?" John crossed his arms, looking Sherlock over with intense focus.
the plan?" Mycroft said softly, leaning back.
"You needed a friend." Sherlock pushed him back down on the bed so he was sitting. He then left the room and John heard him walk over and grab his mobile from the coffee table. "Lestrade," a pause, "No. I can't today." Another pause. "I suppose." Another. "
“Mycroft!” Sherlock exclaimed with glee, waltzing over and hugging his brother. “Did he come?”
"No John, I belong right here beside you. I can't keep chasing a folly and leaving you to deal with the damage." A shaking breath followed this admission before he continued. "
the right word. "It has reminded me of what is important." He said as firmly as he could, fighting the blush on his cheeks as he recalled the last time the herb had affected him. He still wasn't sure he was walking properly. Sherlock growled and swept across the floor to cut in, stealing his husband away and dancing him off to the edge of the floor.
“Oh John, you came.” She whispered weakly.
“Who’s Captain?” John asked with a smirk. “Are you having naughty dreams again?”
" He could not hold back the moan as John gently performed the task. It was like John was inside his body, their magic and energies working together in a way that was deeply intimate. John was so gentle as he moved through their connection, through their bond, in a way that was asking permission at each step. He gained access to Sherlock's aura with such reverence it was sending shivers through Sherlock's body.
"You're the Pirate Prince." Their eyes were both wide as they just stood there for a long moment in silence. Their breath shaking their chests as it moved in and out.
"Already so erect," Sherlock smirked, his hands slowly wrapping around John before he licked the tip of his length.
"He is one of us." Sherlock's growled response made Mycroft tilt his head.
"S-Stop tormenting me!" He ordered, clawing his hands into the bed.
“Sherlock.” John gasped, not sure how best to defend himself.
doing here, mender?" He snapped almost angrily, furrowing his brow as John recoiled.
It was true, Moriarty had John pushed against a wall where conveniently Sherlock and Mycroft could see them but no one inside could. John was flushed, his face looked enthralled and utterly helpless as he whispered with the man. Sherlock growled something clawing at his stomach and he knew he could not allow this to stand. That man was
"Don't be silly Aunt Molly," He snapped in his normal tone. "We were making pretend." Sherlock said the last word with a dramatic flourish but he straightened up and tried to regain his normal demeanor.
"It is the name given to families born of mortal and vampire relations. A male vampire can sire a child with a female mortal, but the child is almost exactly like their mother. If the child, who is both half vampire and half mortal, chooses to live a mortal life and denies herself the vampire aspect of her being she becomes a Solvanar. She will then most likely birth a mortal girl child with her mortal husband who again shall resemble the mother and grandmother almost entirely. It is the fourth generation that a son can finally be born again of the mortal line. John's parents ran afoul of Anthea when she went out to feed many years ago. They intended to kill her because her knowledge of their bloodline was dangerous to their young children. Solvanar children are prone to seeking out vampires because the blood still lingers in their bodies. They crave the life that was denied to them by their mothers. It has been found to be especially true in the sons of the Oaken Solvanar, John's line. Their hunger and desire for nocturnal life usually finds footing in the sons born of the line, beginning the pattern all over again if or when they choose to take a mortal woman to their side.  As I understood it his family had been wiped out. However when I discovered the work on the Oaken Solvanar here in our city I was informed that John was the younger sibiling, the one not given the Solvanar heritage..." Mycroft explained for them both, noting that John simply smiled.
"You need to rest right now. Do you need anything?"
"There may come a time when you must. Danger is near, John... You are mine. Though there are others around who have their attentions on you."
- John was unkempt, his hair wild, his clothes rumpled. He no longer cared about his appearance. He'd given up.
- No swelling of the skull, eyes not bulging, skin normal color if a little pale –
"She?"
him to dinner, he'd
“Where you go, I go.” John replied simply before standing, he pulled Sherlock to him claiming his lips and gently biting them as he pulled back.
“I cannot, while it is a gracious offer I must refuse.”
“Thank you for seeing to John while I was distracted.” Sherlock supplied, closing and locking the door behind Gregory as he left. When he returned to John his eyes still burned with a fierce passion and love that took John by surprise.
“James?” A man’s voice called. James couldn’t stop his predatory grin as the younger Sebastian stepped into the room.
"Fine, Mycroft, fine! But he is mine!" Sherlock growled.
"Come on now, you can scream." She said coaxingly. "I know it hurts." Kitty laughed continuing on in her work while the dark laugh turning into a full on giggle. She grabbed John's hair with a bloody hand and forced him to meet her eyes. Her body language and look clearly demanding a response from her, but he gave her nothing, keeping his eyes focused on something beyond her. She growled and went back to carving but John felt relief spread through his body, he could feel Sherlock's gaze burning. He didn't show any sign of Sherlock's presence and Kitty for her part was too absorbed in dragging the blade down over the meatier part of John's right forearm, slicing it open.
"John, you must not hold your hand like that." Sherlock chided gently.
"Jesus..." Sherlock muttered softly and John tried to turn to look at him. “I don’t need a heart attack on top of all of this, John.” He scolded but he was actually thankful for the noise, the confirmation that John was really okay.
John sipped it carefully and watched transfixed as Sherlock came over and extracted Hamish from the bed. He sat with him, helping him drink a cup of warm milk with honey. It was one of the most tender things John had ever seen Sherlock do and it simply made his heart melt all over again. He tried not to stare but to observe as Sherlock gently explained to Hamish what it was and showed him how to hold the cup himself. Though Sherlock never took his hands off Hamish's so he wouldn't drop the cup of hot liquid. He helped the boy sip the concoction and talked softly with him as Hamish told him that it did make his throat feel better. It only took about ten minutes but Hamish had drifted to sleep again in Sherlock's lap, one hand wrapped in his shirt. He stood and brought the boy back to bed where John was drifting in and out of sleep himself, gently placing the boy next to John and tucking them in. He kissed Hamish's forehead before giving John a kiss on the mouth.
"John, I didn't wear pants to Buckingham Palace. What's Mycroft's estate?" Sherlock asked it in a snappy tone, rather annoyed that John had interrupted his thinking, but sank with ease back into the comfort of familiar territory. He quirked his eyebrow up and met John's gaze, trying to soften the sting of his comment. They were firm for a few minutes and then dissolved into a fit of giggles.
“Sherlock, no,” John commanded, turning redder.
"So's yours," He groaned in response, still struggling with the blanket. Sherlock grunted in agreement as John finally pulled his head free of the blankets, his hair standing up in several directions. Sherlock as always managed to look almost perfect despite the fact he had been sleeping so soundly. The phones stopped ringing before beginning again.
"I am nothing such as that." John whispered, slowly averting his gaze. Sherlock lifted his chin.
"They are family in word only. I shall only be sad to see my sister go."
"I can feel the tremors in your skin... Why is my brother not taking care of this for you?" He smirked as John blushed.
“I apologize it has taken me so long to arrive. I cannot get him to leave the Yard and Mrs. Hudson sent word you were taken ill.” Gregory poured a glass of the blood wine, handing it to the Mender. John grimaced when it was noticeable his hand was trembling.
"Sherlock reached for me. He said you were consumed by your blood lust and he could not handle you alone. He informed me of this the last time the lust took you however he told me he had been able to sate you then. This time he told me you were too much for him to handle alone." Mycroft's smirk was evident as he brushed John's prostate and watched him arch and writhe. "You have been keeping a secret, have you not?" He purred.
"Papa is still asleep." The little boy said pouting.
." John growled and managed to nip at Sherlock's jaw.
"Because as always, you think I am better than I am." He said softly, a sad look in his eyes.
r." John tensed, his entire body going rigid and he clutched Sherlock's shirt in his hand. Today had been the first day he'd woken without tears, the first day he felt he might actually want to cuddle close with Sherlock and press kisses over his mouth and neck, but now...
"Did you get huw...hurt?" Hamish asked again.
They rode with Greg to the crime scene. When they arrived Donovan nodded to them and let the three of them in. Anderson sighed and turned away from his work, walking clear across the area to a van and sitting down. The scene was an alleyway, not to wide - maybe a single car could fit down it but it was littered on both sides with bins and rubbish. A young man with sandy brown hair lay sprawled out on a pile of trash bags. He was well dressed and looked well kempt. He was wearing a button down under a short black jacket. A single gold necklace with a snake twisted into a figure eight was his only accessory. Black slacks with no signs of wear, and polished black shoes completed the outfit. He was maybe twenty five.
"So what
" Mycroft's words echoed in Sherlock's mind as he stood and gently came closer. He caressed John's arms, their bond forcing him to relax more into Mycroft's touch.
"Making breakfast obviously, what does it look like?" He snapped impatiently, clicking his tongue. Hamish was quiet watching the two of them and trying to decide whether or not they were going to argue.
"It tore him apart, Sherlock. That
"HOW COULD YOU?!"
"That the spider web is well within the cat's claws and another reminder to keep you close." He tensed as he paced a bit faster for a moment.
?" He purred.
"Sure," He settled down, putting some of the children's shampoo in his hand and gently massaging it into Hamish's hair. The little boy, like his father, loved to have his scalp massaged and he sank simply into the moment. "The Grave of the Lost Solider is for a soldier named Tom. When the Pirate Prince told the Captain about his family, he forgot to order his troops to rest. So it was quite late in the day when they remembered they had to go to tea. Captain John hastily packed up all his soldiers and he and the Prince ran into the house for tea so they wouldn’t get into trouble. When they got there Aunt Georgina told them they looked so happy together that she would make the kitchen prepare their dinner so they could stay out on the grounds the rest of the day. She made them promise to be back by dark and they agreed." He continued washing Hamish, grinning as the boy seemed to completely relax. "When they got back to the gazebo they found the remnants of one of the soldiers, one Captain John had named Tom. The Captain was heartbroken and he felt very guilty. It seemed the gardener had come by just after the boys went to tea and run the little soldier over with the lawn mower. Prince Erik didn't like seeing the Captain look that way, so he offered to build a grave for the little soldier. They dug the hole just in the edge of the bushes so that the grave would remain undisturbed and they could visit it each year. Just after they finished burying the solider though the evil Prince Croft came along the walk! Prince Erik was unhappy about this and told the Captain to hide in the bushes, the Captain was surprised at that but he did as the Prince commanded. Erik meanwhile readied himself and then he jumped out, brandishing his sword at Prince Croft and said: 'Halt who goes there?!' Prince Croft simply crossed his arms and sighed until Erik pushed the sword towards his chest. 'You know who I am,' Croft replied, 'I'm your brother.' Erik snorted with laughter and cried out: 'I have no brother like you! You're a business man in a suit! I have only pirate brothers!' At this point Captain John began to giggle and Croft tried to see who was with Erik, but Erik ran him off. He wanted the Captain all to himself which pleased the Captain quite a lot. The two of them stayed out of the house until dark was really fallen around them and Aunt Georgina called them back. She was going to scold them for breaking the rules but the two of them were so happy when they came running in she forgot all about it and offered them cookies and milk instead." John grinned and scooped Hamish out of the tub, drying him off and putting clean clothes on him.
"I will. I should let you know I'm heading back in with Molly on Monday. The Yard needs me to come in for a few days." He looked up and saw John, his face becoming full of concern. "I'll come back with Mycroft on Friday. Will you three be alright by yourselves?" John smirked and Sherlock blushed. The intended meaning behind the question was clear - would John and Hamish survive a week being ill with Sherlock relegated to nursing duty.
"I know a whole day," John couldn't stop the giggles.
Hello lovelies! I am terribly sorry for the delay on getting this chapter to you! It has been a very busy time with tests and the holiday (Thanksgiving, I'm in the US). I have finals in two weeks but I shall try to get the next chapter out to you soon!
“Sherlock has the most up to date versions of the files I can get you. He’ll have to let you see them.” Greg shrugged.
Oh these boys...
"Actually... CCTV just recorded John entering Baker Street." She added softly.
you know he was injured." Sherlock's gaze was firm and the two locked eyes. Both standing perfectly firm but toe to toe, preparing for a fight.
"Stronger..." He conceded, blushing. "It is as if I can read your thoughts. Touch me more, please. Before your brother comes and takes me."
"What's the case?" John asked, reaching a hand out for the file.
“Of course, there is no blood on the body! He was killed by something other than a typical weapon!” Sherlock began to rant and rave, mumbling possibilities to himself before freezing as John mumbled something. “What did you say?” He demanded, striding over the body to where John was eyeing the word on the wall with a frown. The word was “Rache”
“I would stop; however, I think you like it.” John whispered as he trailed his fangs over Sherlock’s neck. He leaned over and fished on the bedside table for the oil, opening it and coating two fingers.
“Thank you Lady Pendergrass. This is my husband Greg.”
Sherlock could not fight no matter how desperately he was trying. He felt his mind losing control of his body and the moment they seemed to separate. He felt the moment he lost and his mind seemed to go dark. James smiled as Sherlock’s eyes glassed over, the herbs were stronger than he’d anticipated.
"John," Sherlock went to speak and John cut him off.
"Johnny? Ist es wirklich wahr?" He grunted and held his hands up in surrender.
"Head, heart, soul, and bed." Sherlock corrected him, finishing dressing himself and coming to stand beside him. He fixed his hair and smiled. John returned the favor. "Ready to face your family?"
“Yes, the Detective Inspector. Pleasure to meet you,” She smiled. “Dinner is ready in the dining room if you’d like. It's just us I'm afraid, although I believe I my brother and his wife are coming the end of the week to stay the weekend. Oh, Johnny," She turned back to him, "Your mother came by earlier today." John's entire body went rigid and his face tightened. "She said she wanted to see you but she was quite sure you wouldn't want to see her just yet. But she left something for you that she said you needed to see first. I had it put in the drawing room for you so that you could look it over immediately." She laughed. "I knew that a mystery like that wouldn't let you rest for long. You two can join us when you're ready." Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Are you hungry little man?" Georgina asked softly.
"Just a man." Sherlock said tensely, but Mycroft smiled.
“You may oversee the Coven while mother sleeps, you are not however in charge of my mate. Mark my words, brother mine, if you lay a finger on him I will end you.” Sherlock spoke the words over his shoulder, not even turning to face Mycroft as he spoke. He did not believe Mycroft deserved such dignity.
"I'm not surprised you feel that way." Sherlock stood and began to pace, the way he did when he was explaining things. "I have been gone a lot longer than I initially planned. But then... Once I was gone I thought perhaps it would be best if I stayed away. You couldn't know, John," Sherlock stopped and glared at him until he began sipping the tea. "I had to make it look so real that you, the only person in this world who could see my truth, believed it." He spoke quickly, as if his words had been rehearsed but he had forgotten all his lines. "You had to really believe I was gone because if you believed it then so would they." John moved to speak and Sherlock clicked his tongue impatiently, the way he did when someone interrupted him. "Let me finish." He ordered, John watched him though it made him dizzy. He wanted to absorb this moment so that even if he woke up tomorrow and found out his mind had conjured it up he could remember the feeling of joy spreading through his body. "He was going to kill you. Not just you, but
"No John, I am far too gone to think logically anymore. No more thinking tonight. We're soaked through and the thunder is louder which means this storm is only getting started. I could not have planned this better myself." He growled and tightened his grip on the jacket pinning John to the wall.
"No. Regardless of how you feel about
"Fascinating." Sherlock's focus seemed to almost burn into the card.
"Well that was certainly thrilling." Mycroft's voice was soft from beside them. John flushed from head to toe but the brothers laughed softly.
John's eyes dulled as he tried not to feel the pain but they radiated his truth. Everything about him screamed -
“Come along now Sebby. We have a boat to meet.” James ordered and the group retreated. Sherlock collapsing over and John trying desperately to get up.
"I brought the salve... It's in the bag." He half heartedly gestured.
"On past hurts and hatred." He sighed and closed his eyes, leaning into Sherlock's touch.
“Oh my, it looks like you could use some assistance, Lord Holmes.” A voice called from the shadows, both men tensing visibly.
"And your love, or so you said." He leaned forward slightly, tapping his left fingers against his knee. "So why not with her?" He let his tone soften as he turned his entire focus to Sherlock again. Focusing on him the way he'd watched him focus on crime scenes.
The evening came quickly and the three men were silent for the carriage ride to the Duke's manor. John was greeted joyfully by his cousin who hugged him and thanked him for all of his help over the last few months. John noticed that Moriarty was lurking near the table and he thought he saw him drop something into several of the glasses, notably those for Sherlock, Sebastian, and John himself. They group chatted away for a long time before beginning to move towards the table. John attempted to get Sherlock's glass but he swept it up in his hand, holding it but lost in conversation with Mycroft and Elizabeth and not yet drinking from it. John took Sebastian's, who watched with fascination as John first sniffed the drink and then downed the contents of both Sebastian's and his own glass in short fashion.
“More.” Sebastian growled.
and his usual smirk.
“Do not be silly. We will be but a half day behind you at most. It is not that long of a journey to the coast, brother mine.” Sherlock sighed.
"When these occasions present themselves I usually prefer to draw them out, as you are no doubt aware my dear Watson, we have had to take a rather rash approach. We have discovered a plot to bring injury to you and thus we have had to rush things. We have no time to spare on our task, so I shall put it simply to you..." Mycroft smiled, standing up and sweeping close to John. His face merely a breath apart, he smiled as John remained firm. "I intend to drain you of your mortal life and turn you to ours. It will take three days. During the course of each evening I shall come here and drain your essence and then you shall take my blood. During the course of the day my brother will guard you - but you are not to drink from him until our ritual is complete. You are free to do whatever is necessary to deal with the pain, however if you drink from him you will die before this task is finished. Do you understand?" He growled darkly, leaning close to John. John did not flinch, instead he focused himself resolutely.
Gah! How has it been a year already? Adulting sucks as does Social Distancing and COVID-19. I am however making the most of it by posting a new chapter.
"It has not been quickly." John chided, blushing. "I have tried to catch your eye since I was of age six years ago. At every event, at every gathering, even in the market." Their eyes searched one another's for a long moment. "You can walk in the sun."
Sherlock finally gets John to himself - the case is closed, Hamish is with the elder Holmes back in London, and he and his husband are in a cottage far away from any responsibility...
A week later the pair finally resurfaced from their chambers and went into town. Gregory spotted them as he was walking through the city seeking some of the officers he worked with from Scotland Yard. He approached them, sighing softly when Sherlock hardened his body language.
He slowly sat up, thankful to be able to move, but his head gave a painful throb. There was a soft noise from beside him, the sound of a tiny sob and a sniffle.
There was only one way to know if this was true. He needed the blood memories. He frowned, letting his senses expand to survey the energy of the house. He could tell from the smells that it was around mid-day, likely almost noon exactly. Everyone or almost everyone was asleep. He cautiously opened the door and seeing no one in the hall he stalked down and into the room the mender lay in.      John looked absolutely pitiful. He was still curled in a tiny ball and looked as if he welcomed death. He had refused the blankets, curling himself as tightly as possible and shivering against the cold of the manor. Something in Sherlock was melting and part of him wanted to curse the vampire before him as he felt it. He stepped forward, cautiously ensuring he made no noise. He was able to gently force John out of his ball and wrapped him warmly in the blankets. John mumbled, but Sherlock pushed his aura against the others, a soft smile forming as John sank into a more peaceful sleep. He lovingly turned John’s head and sank his teeth into his neck, groaning as arousal bloomed in his blood. A desire like none he could remember swept through him and it took all he had to turn from the mender and flee the room.
“Right,” John just shook his head, blushing. Maybe someday he would actually stop blushing about the fact that he was going to belong completely to Sherlock Holmes until death do them part, but it wouldn't be today apparently.
"I know, of all people I know, Sherlock." He sighed.
“Oh Mrs. Hudson, you know Sherlock would go insane. I don’t think the walls could handle it.” They both laughed before she returned to the others.
"Ich bin gejagt, Johnny."  Jacob slowly lowered his hands, looking at Sherlock warily. John smiled to try to reassure him. "Wer ist er?" He flicked his chin up, indicating Sherlock.
“I am fine.” He replied automatically.
“It is of no consequence for us to remain here,” Sherlock said dismissively.
"Stop this little mender," He ordered. "You have been pacing this track for hours, it will not do to have your mind so anxious. I have continuously told you that Sherlock will come out of his mind when he is ready. You must rest and take blood." His voice was soft, full of concern, but to the point. John looked up and met his eyes, trembling in his arms.
"Where are we going Sherlock?" John demanded, he was grumpy.
"You..haven't." Sherlock offered softly, placing the tea down. John's head whipped up to look into
"John!" Sherlock shouted and John looked up at him in confusion, disbelief, and grogginess.
"The Serpents and the Scepters." Sherlock replied simply from the track he was pacing. "It's an organization with political motives that believes itself to operate outside the confines of any particular government or country. There are chapters all around the world and your father, my father, and the Pendergrass men were all members at some point." He swept back over to them, leaning over John in such a way it made John shiver slightly, the thrill of the case. "If you look closely," He moved to pull out the pictures of James and Jared's a pleased smirk crossing his face as he realized John was already on his way to the conclusion. "James has two bars running the length of his serpent. That denotes his rank, he was likely a third or fourth rank member. Whereas Jared was an initiate, having only a crude serpent without much form." John turned without thinking to look at Sherlock and their closeness immediately presented intimacy, aware they were being watch both of them coughed slightly and Sherlock swept back to pace.
"I know you're upset about James... I... Are you still suffering?" She asked quietly, looking ashamed and blushing slightly when he tutted at her.
"You need
“John,” She whispered, reaching out with a shaking arm to grab his hand, stopping him before he pulled away. “Your forgiveness was all I needed. Please, John… Stay away from them. They are… They will…” Her chest shuddered as her breath came and then left her completely, taking her life with it. John did not let go of her hand, looking down as anger and tears welled up in his chest.
"He left two days ago... After..." Moriarty looked down, flushing with shame but neither Mycroft nor Sherlock missed the small smirk at the corners of his mouth as Elizabeth immediately moved to comfort him.
"He has poisoned her with herbs, giving her one used to bring the child before the child was ready. Either he compelled or else paid the apothecary to provide it within the normal herbs that a woman in her condition would imbibe. As it was in powder form he believed he would be able to get away with this crime, I however can detect even the smallest hint of the herb. He has killed both her child and her in order to gain her nobility." John growled, Sherlock the only thing holding him back.
. John's eyebrows quirked up and he looked at him as his breath caught in his throat. Their eyes met again and Sherlock moved over closer to him. John's skin seemed to be covered in goose pimples as he realized just how close Sherlock was. He set the tea down and gently reached out, slowly - as if expecting his hand to contact air. Sherlock couldn't be sure where John was reaching for, so he stayed perfectly still. John touched his cheek with two fingers feeling the cool skin underneath of them. The shock of so gentle a touch on the same cheek where John had slapped him just minutes before sent shockwaves through Sherlock. For a long moment neither of them spoke out loud, but John searched the eyes of his flatmate for the truth. He couldn't read Sherlock the way he knew Sherlock was reading him. But he saw how he responded as John touched him. John's focus still on the man before him. Sherlock's face was so different in this moment,
“Take that filthy ring off and give it back to that liar.” James ordered, watching as Sherlock used a trembling hand to pull his wedding ring off and throw it at John. “We are going to go home now my love. I will make this better.” He promised, guiding Sherlock by the arm.
- Body language completely softened, no longer defensive -
"Minor, both you and Lestrade were rendered unconscious by the blast. Lestrade was discharged a few hours ago but you have taken a bit longer to come around. It's been about seven hours since the explosion of the gas main in 221. You have had two text messages since then, one two hours ago and one just now."
"Thank you..." John whispered softly as they stepped out into the night. "I am not sure what happened." He looked confused but followed as Sherlock led.
"I'm going to go check in with Georgina and be sure she doesn't require anything else of us before the party. Greg I'll let you relax a bit here, shall I?"
"That growl is just adorable." John smirked, knowing Sherlock would be broken from his thoughts. Sherlock stopped as they reached the car and looked down at John, clearly contemplating his options for answering. There was something absolutely indecent about his stare and John returned it with all he could.
"You are the gem of England, Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock gave her a small smile and a kiss on the head before taking the packets from her. He fumbled around with the kettle and made a cup of the tea for John. Mrs. Hudson retreated back downstairs, closing both doors behind her. Sherlock took the cup over to the table and set it down just as John opened his eyes.
“YOU should have realized he was planning something! After all, you helped him buy the supplies!” Mycroft’s rage was growing and Gregory was sure the two would explode.
They were still laughing two minutes later when Mrs. Hudson made her way up the stairs. She paused in the door way, grinning as she watched them.
"You're afraid of something." He announced it the way he always did when he deduced something.
"It is not a problem." Moriarty snapped and went to steer John away when a woman came up and grabbed his arm. Sherlock made his move, sweeping his arm through John's and walking him off.
"Without a doubt." Mycroft added.
"You want me to touch you." The words were dark and they filled John's mind until his own thoughts seemed to shatter and break and all that remained were James' commands. "Look how needy you are, you're already whining for me like a bitch in heat." He growled, clawing John's cheek. John heard himself moan and felt his body responding but he did not want James to touch him. That was for certain. His mind felt oddly strangled and each thought of his own felt like it was moving through honey.
" He groaned as his body felt like it became smoke. Sherlock felt like he was melting into him.
I know poor John is having a rough go of things! Stick with me! There will be a break in the storm during the next two chapters.
"Oh my God!" John growled, trembling hard.
Silence again fell around 2-2-1-B, and it was hours later just as the sun began to set, that John was finally broken from his internal musings. He heard the sound of a carriage outside, the type with horses of a finer breed than a simple taxi. It had to be one of the Coven’s carriages and he suspected it was Mycroft come to somehow turn this into another battle between the brothers. His fraying nerves were not ready to weather another fight between the pair, the aftermath of which often resulted in a sulking Detective and near destruction of some piece of furniture. The Mender forced himself to stand, though he trembled as he did, steeling himself against the impending confrontation. Instead of Mycroft however, Gregory bounded up the stairs and into the room smiling warmly at the other. He did not seem surprised to find Sherlock had not yet returned, nor that the oil lamps were not yet lit despite the darkening afternoon. Gregory lit the lamps and then motioned for John to relax in his chair, taking the one across for him.
His breath quickened as he sat up in one move, but Sherlock saw the panic. He saw the darkness that raced through John's body and tried to consume him as his eyes locked with Sherlock's. The two of them silent as the room seemed to suddenly become devoid of oxygen. Both of them terrified to move or speak. John didn't think it was real, he seemed to believe he'd finally lost it completely. He looked to Mycroft who simply turned and exited the room. Car door slam, engine starting, and echoing silence. John was shaking hard. He was clenching the cushion so tightly under his hands he was scared it might tear. Sherlock clenched his hands, trying to regain his normal calm demeanor but the amount of emotion this man felt for him was too much. TOO much!
Throughout the ride Gregory explained everything he knew and nearly leapt out of his skin when Sherlock demanded they stop the carriage quite a distance from the house. As they approached Sherlock quickly snapped at them to be careful where they walked and what they touched. His attitude soured further when they stepped into the empty house and found two other vampire police officers, Philip Anderson and Sally Donovan were inside reviewing the scene. Anderson quickly exited, knowing that Sherlock would immediately begin to harass him and not interested in the endeavor. Donovan was not long behind him.
"They were?" John asked curiously, sitting up. She laughed as she noted the interest from both of them.
"That bond we had was strong then, I remember now how much it hurt when father told me I couldn't speak to you again." Sherlock's voice was soft, different than it had been when Mycroft and Greg were in the room. "I don't blame you. We both blocked it from our minds, a typical child's way of dealing with pain too strong to bear." He pulled John to him and crushed their bodies together. "I remember it all now, though it is still falling into chronological order."
"You would rather injure your heart and his than share him, is that what you are trying to convey?" Sherlock demanded softly.
“Hm?” Sherlock hummed, grinning darkly as John shouted and moaned. He pushed his tongue in, enjoying the taste of his lovers body and each tremor that ran through it. He worked him for a long time before John found his voice again.
"We took several long walks and explored the area, actually." Sherlock said it firmly, only the hint of a smirk on his face. Greg blushed.
"Thank you for a lovely evening Sherlock." John whispered.
“I admit it wounds me that you believe I harbor ill will against you, despite the depths of what you know to be my emotion towards you. However, I do not begrudge you feeling as you do, especially given my behavior when last we were under the same roof. That is, in fact, precisely why I am here. I have come…” He paused, looking almost as if he had swallowed something unpleasant, “To apologize to you, mender.” He broke his gaze away from John’s turning his back, so his face would be hidden from the other as he spoke. Trying to maintain the careful mask he was building to hide his truth. “I had intended to come much earlier, however once the weather finally cleared I was summoned to deal with a few things for the monarchy and as such was unable to do so.” He slowly turned back to face the mender, trying to speak his heart but finding his anger at the ridiculousness of the situation overriding everything else. “I have, obviously, had time to consider how my actions may have been perceived and what the consequences of that perception would have been for you,” John went to say something, but Mycroft shook his head. “Let me finish. I cannot claim to understand what possessed me to behave how I did, however I can, just this once, admit my brother was correct. I was indirectly attempting to claim you as my own and due to that I lost myself in the power of being your Sire. I have never, nor will I ever be again, so consumed by my own nature or my powers. While I fully expect you shall ignore this, I have come to remind you that you and my brother will always have a place in our Coven and a haven in our manors should you ever wish for or require it.” Mycroft slowly lifted his gaze and met John’s confused stare, finding he could only meet his eyes for a moment before it became uncomfortable. “My words are not enough to make up for what I have done, however I hope they will suffice.”
"Daddy, will you tell me stowy?" He asked softly, watching as John grinned.
"I believe I shall return to ensure James is keeping an eye on his wife and not trying to ruin the first logical thing he has ever done." Moran nodded and left.
"I don't care what he says I will do it anyway. Do you think I should ask in front of everyone?"
"Of course. Go to your cousin." She smiled. She looked after John for a moment, noticing something different about him but unable to put her finger on what it was.
Thank you so much for coming on this journey with me!
"I care for you..." He started to protest, turning back.
"Yes Hamish?" She replied, looking down at him.
it took Sherlock's breath away. "It's really to be expected, yea?" He smiled as Sherlock leaned into his touch. "You've been training me anyways. That's why you always ask me what I see, what I think..." He giggled and Sherlock blushed. So he had been caught. "You don't want to be the world's
"You may warn him but my methods are my own. You will guide him through the change, but his blood and his change are mine. I am the leader of this family." Mycroft snapped tersely.
Their words fell away, replaced only by sounds as they renewed their bond on every level. John felt the shiver of power that ran through him as Sherlock gave control of the moment to John yet again. As Sherlock gave himself over completely to John's care and did not seek to stop or change anything he did. John felt incredible. He had forgotten how powerful their lovemaking was and now that he had given in to the feelings again he never wanted to stop. The dark thoughts that he feared would ruin a moment such as this stayed distant and all he could see was his lover, his mate, his soul. He tormented Sherlock for hours with a slow, steady pace that left them both trembling and desperate for release. Their mouths hardly breaking apart save for breath as their bodies continued to move together building them towards a shattering release. When John finally sped up his movements he did so only by a marginal amount and it took a long time before both of them shouted and finally crested the wave they had been chasing for so long. Midnight had come and gone and the twilight of dawn was beginning to creep into the world around them as John collapsed against his love. They held each other with trembling arms, almost clinging to one another as the world fell away and they sank into the warmth of dark slumber together.
"Please... Please Mycroft." John groaned, his mind focused on every sensation Mycroft was giving him. Mycroft's hands paused, his fingers fluttering over John's erection. "OH!"
" John forced out, his voice trapped in his throat. "
"Daddy swore!" Hamish giggled from his Elaine's arms.
"And Sherlock?" He demanded even as he moved out of the study.
"You must be Mr. Holmes," A doctor offered his hand which Sherlock did not take.
"Great." John sighed, shaking his head. He was fighting to regain control over his emotion. He cleared his throat. "Are we set to go then?"
"You said: 'Keep your eyes fixed on me.' You asked me if I could do that for you. Both statements which meant you wanted
set up this entire thing. That he fabricated that story about me and that his web extends well beyond that one moment. We found one of the snipers he hired to target those I care for. Between Lestrade, Mycroft, and myself we were able to pin down that the spider is dead but the web lingers. Someone new is pulling the strings, following some plan he left behind. A plan that puts you more at risk than anyone else. That is why I was going to stay away, so there would be no connection for you to me. But..." His face tensed and John realized he was about to tell him something he'd not revealed to anyone else yet. "I don't think it would matter, I think you're already a target because you were already important to me." He sighed softly, looking down. "That's what changed and why I came back. Because I know now the only place I can protect you, is beside you." He tightened his hands over John's, trying to ground himself in the moment. "I know how he..."
"The sons of the Solvanar usually fall prey to the strength of the vampiric nature of their heredity. They are usually sent to reside with other, elder males of the Solvanar lines. The descendants of the city of Solvanar. They are instructed and guarded so they do not given in to the power of the blood hunger within their bodies." John finally looked down and Sherlock felt sorrow he knew belonged not to himself but to his beloved. "That is why I am considered dead to them. I did not resist."
Keep your eyes posted for a few new works from me in the coming weeks. I am currently working on a Vamp!Lock story and a story called Experiments.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"Truly?!" She almost shouted.
"He loved me!" She raged and the man punched John hard in the chest, knocking the wind out of him and causing him to black out.
"Pirate King is it?" John said smirking. "Well a King is nothing without the Captain o' his ship! You'd do well to remember that Erik!" He was almost giggling but checked it just in time. "I'll go find our gear if'n ya be wanting it. Prepare the ship!" He yelled as he swept up the stairs.
"No it's okay. You have to still be you." John smiled. "But you still have to sleep and eat." John scolded slightly but in a much more playful tone.
"I'm not just pirate!" He said suddenly and stood up tall, puffing out his chest proudly. "How dare you!" Greg almost fell out of his chair laughing. "How dare you laugh scurvy dog!" John snapped but a laugh played on his lips and Sherlock was almost giggling.
The pulsing in his chest grew stronger as time seemed to freeze around the two men. He remembered feeling this same sensation before, at a dinner gathering for a larger clan shortly after he was turned. He had fled, terrified of what it meant, only to find that almost a hundred years later he’d found that same sensation. The same pulsing that was pulling him closer to the other man instead of pushing him away. Just before their mouths would have met Mycroft regained some of his control and pulled back.
"Yes. Each Solvanar family is named for a mighty tree. My family is the Oaken Solvanar. This necklace," He indicated the small square bronze colored pendant etched with knot work and a garnet in the center that rested just above his sternum. "Is my birthright. One is made for each child of the family on the occasion of their birth. It is imbued with the power of the half mortal, half vampire matriarch of the Solvanar clan. In this case my grandmother's blood was used in the creation of the garnet. The power of the blood makes it so a vampire cannot touch me without my permission. Which is what Moriarty was trying to garner from me at the ball recently. However it must be implicitly given and cannot be commanded over." He smiled.
"No! I want to be with you." He demanded and John smirked.
"She was proud of you, you know." John's attention snapped back up and she smiled. His face betrayed his confusion and she continued on softly. "She couldn't talk to you about it, she didn't know how to bridge the gap that had grown between the two of you. But when you took her in and she started getting clean she started calling me. She started trying to rebuild the bridges. Your father had basically abandoned me to chase the Pendergrass family, so I was free to finally make amends with her. We hadn't spoken that much since you lost Sherlock, when you thought he was dead." He furrowed his brow and she smiled again. "She called me because she wanted me to come to London after he 'died.' She screamed at me, telling me how much you needed support and you refused to accept it from her. I told her I couldn't do that, that the last thing I wanted was to force you to let me in. So instead I bought all of those idiot tabloids and read between the lines to find out how you were doing. Mycroft called me for the first time about two months after the incident at St. Bart's to ask me how he could help you. I was unfortunately at a loss for what he could do, but I encouraged him to help you get busy. That's when you got that position working at the new clinic. I was so happy when he came home to you, but I still couldn't bring myself to contact you... I was afraid you wouldn't want me in your life." She looked down with a sigh.
"Perfect," John snapped, as he shoved two pieces of toast at Sherlock. "Eat. You'll need your strength for the case." John made himself some toast and ate it slowly, not saying another word. He didn't speak again when Sherlock moved to get his coat and scarf, standing to watch him leave but not speaking. Sherlock checked to be sure he had his phone, noting John's was still on the coffee table. He hoped it meant John would remain home.
between our families." He snorted. Mycroft's brow furrowed further and he looked to John who was blushing and looking rather sheepish.
"Indeed." Sherlock replied in a sulking sort of voice, but his eyes were narrowed the way they did when he'd discovered a fact about the case. John stopped asking questions for the moment, waiting until Sherlock shook his head.
"It's alright, case mode yea?" She grinned.
"You don't scare me Kitty. Because you're just a girl... A girl with a grudge because the boy she liked had eyes for someone else." He was being incredibly stupid but just now he didn't care. If he might die why not speak his mind?
"Stop talking and follow along." Sherlock's voice was tense and his arm shook just slightly. Lestrade just nodded and let it go; this was new ground for all of them. Sherlock was affected. Donovan glanced to Lestrade but he simply shook his head.
“Father I cannot…” Anna began to protest.
"John?" Sherlock asked quietly, trying to get him to speak.
was utterly clear as he drew himself up to full height in the flickering light of the fire in the stable. The woman and her accomplice both froze in place - her naked and mounted on John and the man dragging a knife blade down John's chest. Their eyes went wide and they turned to make an escape before freezing anew.
“John… After everything…” Mycroft could not process the emotion behind the gift, watching the Mender who was still soft and accepting.
"Why..." John put his hand on Sherlock's chest to stop him.
." His voice had been a guarded whisper, to John it was clear that his mind was in a great number of places all at once. The statement made something inside John's chest purr with satisfaction but at the same time it confused and scared the hell out of him.
"Don't lecture me Mycroft, I'm apologizing." Sherlock's mouth tensed.
"Oh sod off, both of you. It is Christmas!" Sherlock dismissed their words. "John's right, we should get decent before they arrive."
"It was not your intention, I understand. You have to feed more often." John said it as forcefully as he could, groaning as a wave of pain washed through him.
"He will be. Mrs. Hudson doesn't even realize it. The gas leak was a cover, they've set some sort of trap for us at Baker Street which will be activated on New Year's day just after midnight. The timing will be exact, so that is some relief. John and I have already worked out the entire detail of the plan and he is aware of the risk involved."
“John, you are sure James was the cause of this?” Moran demanded swiftly.
"Hallo Johnny. Es tut mir leid, Sie zu stören. Georgie hat mich hierher geschickt mit dir über das, was ich weiß, sprechen." Jacob said from his seat on the couch. John nodded and he and Sherlock took a seat on the opposite couch, Greg sat at the table with Molly, both of whom were silent. "Wer sind sie?"
"You can't
"It's been too long, John..." Sherlock groaned, his voice desperate with need. "Too long since I have gotten to do this."
"The card, Sherlock," A smirk and a superior tone, "You took it, didn't you?"
“Well they should be.” John said suddenly, looking up at Sherlock with a bit of worry crossing his face. “The killer is clearly a vampire.” Sherlock turned, and his eyes narrowed so intently on John, the other could not be sure he would not burst into flames from the look. He paced twice more through the room before turning back to the other.
“Well you are rather persistent are you not?” James cooed, wrapping an arm tightly around Sherlock. “He belongs to me now John and you shall suffer in death knowing that. Mary, sunrise is only a few hours away. Make sure it takes our little
“Please do not be long.” John whispered as he slowly moved from the room. It was only the pressing need of his hunger that allowed him to move away from his love.
The message had come two hours ago.
"I can have it brought to you this weekend. Leave it to me." Mycroft grinned.
Sherlock sighed in contentment, John was pulling awfully hard at the handcuffs and he wouldn't want to have to explain to a doctor why his wrists were so red... So he slicked lubricant over himself and slowly pushed his own aching cock deep into John. He held perfectly still as John's body shuddered around him, grunting and leaning down to kiss him. John pushed his hips up into Sherlock's, his body pleading for him to move as he used his kisses to keep Sherlock's lips on his own. Sherlock took the hint and started slamming into John. He went fast and hard, shaking the entire bed for several minutes before slowing down and moving so slowly it was almost torture for himself. Over and over he switched the tempo as he wrapped around John. The handcuffs came loose and John's arms were instantly around Sherlock, his hands in his hair pressing their mouths together. Sherlock however kept John pinned under him, not allowing him to move as he continued his movements, changing pace over and over again until John was quaking with need. He wanted to keep John like this, on edge and begging with every breath for release but he was too desperate for his own - so he speed up and pushed them both over the edge so hard he wasn't sure they hadn't blacked out.
"Yes, I'm afraid it cannot be avoided." Sherlock said quickly as he moved from the bookshelf to a stack of papers.
“No one has seen him for several days, my lord. The noises from your room have concerned us.” James sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. No doubt Sherlock had been experimenting again. Why did he feel the need to keep such a pet? It was more work than pleasure. “Sherlock?!” James demanded as he opened the door, his anger bleeding off of him as he entered the room prepared for battle. He froze in the doorway however when he took in the sight that greeted him. Sherlock was wrapped only in his flimsy robe, a glass of bloodwine in his hand, and for all the world looking as desirable as James had seen him in decades.
“I know that, however, we face strong enemies and the path to defeating them may be more difficult than we know. I want you to understand how much I care for you.”
"Don't be thick, Sherlock." Greg said quickly but blushed slightly.
John remained hidden away with Sherlock the rest of the afternoon and that evening he was dismissed back to his own manor with the promise of the request for his permanent relocation the following morning. When he returned looking pleased and bright his family demanded to know what happened but he gave them nothing. Instead consenting only to say that they may receive some favorable news the following morning. The next morning John woke early and he was surprised to find his father sitting on the edge of his bed. There was a nervousness coiled inside his chest that he knew must belong to his beloved. It would no longer allow him sleep. John stood and dressed quickly before turning to face the man, whose face betrayed an eagerness to speak with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly dissolved into giggles as they slowly began to return the living room to its' normal state. John and Greg pulled their bandanas off and moved toward Molly with smiles. They both took some of the items from her and John let his bandana fall on the table when he removed it. She almost doubled over when she looked at Sherlock properly though.  He'd taken not only the sword but the eye patch from Hamish. Which he fixed over his left eye and his bandana was covering almost all of his dark hair. The tiny sword rested firmly in his right hand though he was at ease splayed across the couch. The sight was absolutely ridiculous and she almost fell over she was laughing so hard. John and Greg joined her with a few chuckles as they sat down on the other couch.
Mycroft's legs trembled and he almost fell, forcing himself to crawl into the bed. He and Sherlock lay panting next to each other as they fought to catch their breath, looking up as John slotted in beside Sherlock and looked over the two of them. Mycroft let his gaze soften as John met it, their eyes locking as so many silent words passed between the two of them. After what seemed like hours Mycroft finally was able to move again. He stood, retrieving a cloth and some water which he used to clean himself and his brother off before crawling up to the head of the bed. Both brothers smiling in surprise when John pressed himself between them. He pulled Mycroft down and kissed him deeply, moaning softly into the kiss.
"Oh but there's more." John smirked as he slowly dropped each finger and when his final finger dropped -
"Good morning, Mycroft." John and Sherlock said at the same time, both smirking.
“And mender, you agree with this plan? To go beyond the safety of our coven?” Mycroft demanded, his eyes dark. John turned and looked Sherlock in the eyes, a soft smile blooming on the taller man’s face.
“I believe I have mentioned before that courage is by far the nicest word for stupidity.” Mycroft growled.
“I could have saved her!” John shouted, shaking in anger. “If I had…” Tears fell down his cheeks as his rage broke free.
"When were you going to tell me you were teaching our son German?" He demanded, crossing his arms with a coy smile.
Elizabeth sank to sleep and John swept out into the sitting room to wait for James. He did not wait long however before James swept through on his way to Elizabeth and paused just passed the doorway. He took two steps backwards and turned his head to look at John with a devilish grin, the sort of which made John desperately uncomfortable. He entered the room and greeted John as formality dictated.
"And so it is. I shall leave you two to your moment, do not protest my little mender. It does not injure my heart to do so. You two have had precious little time together since this most recent ordeal began. We shall talk later on, you and I." Mycroft walked over and placed a gentle kiss on John's forehead and Sherlock's before sweeping from the room.
"Yours." Sherlock growled back, his breath washing over John's cheeks as he kissed over them. The urge to drink from John grew in his chest but he fought it, knowing John was not ready for that step. Their lust spiraled off the other, building in their bodies.
“Gods to have you here… To see you look at me and remember me.” John forced out, his voice cracking. He gently raised one hand, cupping Sherlock’s cheek as their eyes burned into each other’s, and Sherlock felt his mist over.
"Anthea..." Mycroft turned to the woman who came forward. "I want you to arrange a room near Sherlock's. We're going to have company."
"I love you Hamish." John whispered, nuzzling his cheek.
"He's sleeping for the moment and I think you and I need to have a little chat." John dropped his tone and his eyes sharpened.
"I am pleased you are one of us now." She whispered.
"Tell me, my dearest Lizzy, have you and your husband been together prior to the wedding night?" He asked softly, sitting down on the bed.
"Are you alright?" He fought the guilt, looking down at the table.
"No. I'm saying that if you mean a word that comes out of your politically biased, egocentric mouth you will do this because you do actually care about your brother and his happiness. The way you seemed to show when you put me on the path to finding him." John's tone completely changed and it cut through Mycroft's defensives.
"I think I should ask him when we're alone. Am I supposed to ask someone for permission or something?" Lestrade laughed again.
"Renew your promise to me," He whispered, barely a breaths space between their mouths. "Promise me if anything should happen with Sherlock you will always come home to me." He demanded.
"Oh..." Sherlock ticked off the date in his mind and smiled. "Brother mine..."
"A bit, yea." John conceded and moved to sit down, opening the journal again but holding Hamish with one hand.
"Who do you belong to?" Sherlock growled in his ear, roughly pulling his hair back. "WHO?" His eyes were dark and his emotion raged inside both of their chests, forcing John's mind to sputter and halt.
Sherlock took John’s hand and the pair strode out of the house, following the servant quickly along in the early dawn light. They arrived in short order at the manor where Alexandra led them past several seemingly stupefied servants and into a room that looked more like a battleground than a sleeping chamber. There was a fire burning in the grate with a stack of blood soaked sheets piled before it. Another maid stood, blood all over her apron, as she wiped Elizabeth’s forehead with a cool cloth and it was clear the blood was still coming, though the blanket hid Elizabeth’s discomfort well. John rushed to her side, shushing her as she weakly reached out for him. She was pale and clammy to the touch, weakness was easily read on her and in her motions as she sighed with what seemed like a bit of relief to see John at her side.
"I'm sorry John but I can't," Sherlock had tensed more actually clenching his fist before he began again. "I can't just turn off my mind like you want me to." Rage swept through both of them as they prepared to have a spectacular row but suddenly Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep shaking breath before opening them and focusing anew on John. "Come on, I can at least get you settled into be so you can rest before I worry about the chatter in my head." John had almost fallen over, just like that Sherlock had completely defused his anger and disarmed him. Sherlock had taken his hand and pulled him gently towards the bedroom.
“I could not give up Sherlock; if I died you would be stuck with Moriarty for the rest of time. A plaything with no memory of his true life. It did not matter that I did not have an answer, I knew I simply had to continue on to find one.” His argument was not lost on Sherlock, though Sherlock did not accept it as such. John needed to understand the weight of what he had done and what he had suffered.
"As much as was necessary to try to get the information that was needed, Sherlock. I am sure you both can understand that national security..."
John and Sherlock passed in and out of groggy states of sleep and wakefulness for the next week, both of them recovering slowly from their injuries. Mycroft remained behind, letting Greg return to London and to work, while the husbands recovered. John recovered faster and it was to his great pleasure that he was able to finally get up and start moving around by the following weekend. Poor Hamish had been glued to their bedsides though it was clear all three were beginning to go stir crazy. Mycroft know he could not keep the two of them confined in the hospital much longer and the doctors finally reluctantly agreed to release them the following day.
This chapter was inspired by a comment left for me on the last chapter. It's an angsty/fluffy chapter that needed to happen. We have a few things to wrap up (that I know of) before we head on to the next bit so looks like Tudor England is here to stay for a bit longer.
“Do not ask me that, my mender. I cannot be the one to injure your heart so.” Mycroft whispered in reply, trying to look away.
"Oh..." John forced out as Sherlock pushed down on his hips, primal force and desire behind every motion.
Sherlock held him tightly for as long as he cried, keeping him safely ensconced in his arms. He knew this would be difficult for his love, however he also knew this was a terribly important lesson. One he would have to learn sooner or later, the darkest of lessons that came with their immortal life. Not everyone would remain in their lives forever. They were lying in the bed, John shivering slightly as his emotion finally ebbed when Mycroft returned. He joined them, both brothers curling John between them as they tried to support him the best they could in the moment. The funeral came and went, along with news from Lord Moran that James Moriarty had been sentenced to fifty years sleep without blood.
"This appetite of yours will require some taming." He growled against his ear but he slicked his own hard erection with oil before slamming into John.
“Come!” Meaghan called down the hall and four women, two young vampires and two mortals came hurrying forward. During her father’s time away Meaghan had instructed all of them that their chance to prove their lust for her father was coming. They were ready and within moments Sebastian, deep in the throes of the bloodlust, was consumed with them.
"What do you mean where is John?! He is with you! The same place he has been every fortnight for months!" Sherlock raged at him, growling as he stepped closer to his brother.
"It's wrong!" Marcus shouted back and he would have come in the cage to strike John if John hadn't been holding the child. "Men and women belong with each other. I tried to warn your sister but it got her..."
"I tried to find out how I could get your father to relent Sherlock. I thought perhaps if at least your father would allow contact Georgina and I could arrange something. Your mother wrote to me once, informing me of the immense change that summer had wrought in you begging me to do something to get Marcus to relent but it was for naught. The Order was furious about Marcus' supposed purging and they refused to allow us to have any further contact with the Holmes. Marcus' hateful actions broke a bond that went back ages. It was a shame as your grandfathers were fast friends at University."
"Why do you care?"
John carefully helped Elizabeth to the edge of the walk and her carriage. He felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up so he looked around to see if someone was watching them. He could see no one. Elizabeth grasped his hand tightly.
"You're amazingly skilled at this considering," John teased. He then grunted and groaned as a sharp smack landed across his bare ass.
"I don't have to. It’s obvious you are.” Sherlock smirked.
“I just wanted to ensure my future cousin was being
“You always do surprise.” He leaned over and licked his lips, his face barely a breath away from John’s. “Mender, there is nothing you can do to me.” He could not move closer to John, the stone in the Mender’s Oaken Shield flashing violently. John seemed to flinch slightly, causing Sherlock to stand, however, John simply smiled.
“Of course I shall, my Mender.” He sighed, slipping the ring on. John nodded but did not look as if he was ready to leave.
"So you asked a sick vampire to your room..." Sherlock said condescendingly, he was clearly not enjoying the way Mycroft was giving John credit for stupidity.
This Chapter includes descriptions of violence which will only intensify in the next one.
"Yes, Sherlock," He motioned to a small black bag inside his clothing bag. His voice betrayed his frustration.
"Daddies!" Hamish said softly as he came in the room with Greg. He looked terrified.
"What did you say?" John demanded saying each word slowly and reaching across himself with his left hand to grab Sherlock's coat, stopping him from moving. Sherlock turned back to survey John's face, to read what he was thinking and feeling. He saw a desperate need to hear the words.
"Don't they already?" They laughed for a few minutes before the comfortable silence settled again, but pregnant with the weight of the unanswered question.
Originally John had put forth an effort, believing that Mycroft was doing this out of some sick sense of guilt over Sherlock's demise. He'd made sure every time that the flat was clean and neat, he'd clean himself up and make sure that he did his best to bite back any stupid comments. But after almost nine months of the incessantly annoying prying into his mental health and personal life, he'd stopped caring. Then when things... fell apart again... He gave up. The last visit he hadn't even gotten up and turned on the lights. He didn't really have the energy to right now. He didn't care. He just wanted to be let alone to rot. Then he heard it.
"I had not asked for more training, which I should have done. You are always so busy in your mind, racing away with your thoughts as you try to see into the future. I am sorry I refused you and injured your heart so." He whispered, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's chest.
"We shall talk later, go attend to your overly emotional husband." He smirked as John simply turned and wandered dreamily out of the room.
"Damn it Lestrade, don't be an idiot." Sherlock tapped his foot anxiously.
"John," Sherlock sighed and looked at him, clenching his fists slightly. "You shouldn't be this easy with me. I don't deserve..."
“Do not worry, I will still torment you again, after all we have all the ages of the world.”
"That song..." John whispered, halfway standing.
"John Watson, may I take you to dinner?" John groaned as Sherlock shifted, leaning back against the wall. But he moved only to meet John's eyes and watch him as he answered Sherlock's inquiry, his fingers still tracing small circles over John's back.
"You are so adorable when you do that."
"I desire to. I have not kept away from you due to diminished desire my love. I want to touch you, to taste you... I am simply unsure of what I am able to do."
John returned to the room only a few minutes later, smiling as he moved Sherlock’s coat closer to the fire to dry. He then set about making tea for them all and sank back down into his chair. He and Gregory continued their conversation from before Sherlock’s arrival and it was clear, rather early on, that Sherlock was still in his mind sorting out whatever the details of the current case were. He went still on the long couch, his fingers together under his chin, leaving the other two free to pursue more detailed conversations. John stood, motioning for Gregory to follow him, leading him into the other flat where they sank down in two chairs close to the smaller fire. The silence expanded around them for a short time before Gregory found he could no longer ignore the questions he longed to have answered.
” John struggled to his feet, the noise making James turn back to look.
"Mycroft you promised me," Sherlock rounded on him, getting back into his face. "You promised both of us that you would care for him if I could not. He wishes to maintain a bond with you even now. Why do you push him away?"
"Mycroft!" John said suddenly, very concerned. His voice shook and he stumbled towards them, trying to put himself between their feud. Both brothers moved in sync with the other to face the trembling mender. Pain crossing their faces as they watched him shake and stumble with exhaustion.
“I shall rest only if you stay beside me.”
"We returned from our visit to find a group of servants preparing for Lord Moriarty to return home. They informed us that he would arrive within the afternoon and he did. When he returned they reported to him that she had been out of the manor when they arrived and he was quite angry that she had been out of the house. The apothecary was with him and immediately took Elizabeth to her chambers and proceeded to examine her. He announced that her outting had sapped what careful health she had been restored during his treatment of her and that she was to remain within her chambers at all times for the remaining portion of her pregnancy. We were told that she was too weak to tolerate normal meals and that for two weeks she was to be given naught by broth. I protested explaining that to do so would rob her of her health and I was denied the privilege of helping her with meals. Another servant, one of those who returned with Lord Moriarty took over care of her feedings. I tried to bring her food and water as I was sure she required however I was discovered and Lord Moriarty had me imprisoned in the servants quarters for almost a fortnight. By the time I was released she was gravely ill and barely able to lift her head. Last week Lord Moriarty was summoned away by Lord Moran and I was able to return some health to her. It took a fight but several of the male servants believed she was being mistreated and agreed to help me overcome those Lord Moriarty had brought with him. What I did not know until this morning however was that she was still taking the herbs the apothecary made for her, they were being given to her by another servant during the times I was sleeping. Lord Moriarty is due to return this afternoon and I wish I could say this timing was not convenient for him.” Alexandra began to cry and Sherlock helped her into a chair.
"They
“You are his Sire! You could have ordered him to reveal his plans! To keep himself out of harm's way!” He shook his brother, and Mycroft easily forced his way out of Sherlock’s grip.
Sherlock and John were not seen for three days following their return home. Mycroft was content to ignore their absence until he began to feel a strange sort of worried feeling filling his mind when he paused to think about his fledgling. He sent Anthea to them but she was turned away repeatedly.
Sherlock sank down so he was sitting with his back to the door, tears in his eyes as he let his head fall back with a loud thump against the door. It had been almost two months since Lady Elizabeth's visit and her carefully programmed words had ruined the shaking foundation the Holmes men had put together on shaking bricks to heal John. Since then John returned to his own bedroom and kept himself more often than not locked up in the library alone. He refused to admit Sherlock no matter how hard Sherlock pleaded, a fact that seemed, at least to Sherlock, that John no longer wished to be his mate. Sherlock knew logically that John was trying to make his way through the darkness inside his heart and mind, that he was being affected still by the power of the herb, and that he was resorting to the darkness of ill opinions put on him in childhood - but the pain of rejection still stung strong. John refused to allow Sherlock to bestow any comfort upon him, even the simple comfort of his presence in the same room and it left Sherlock aching inside. Anthea tensed as Sherlock put his head on his knees and began to cry in frustration. She turned on her heel and headed towards Mycroft's study.
“Father you should know, he has stolen the blood of two servants in your absence.” Meaghan said timidly.
I'm hoping to have the next chapter up sometime early next week (a slight delay is necessary because of school/work)!
"We are fine." John said in a shaking voice full of fear.
"How is he your mate?" He challenged. "How have you cared for him?! You did not warn him about your dark moods! You have not trained him in his new abilities!" Mycroft leaned forward his nose almost touching Sherlock's, both of their bodies and gazes hard.
“The gas company?” Sherlock and John asked together, the room erupting into laughter.
"And what did you wish to convey?" John asked in a curious voice, not fighting the blush that rose at Sebastian's insinuation.
"No," He said softly, setting his tea back down. "But I had expected you to tell when you read it." He watched Sherlock jolt slightly as he was pulled back into the room, that guilty look creeping back on his face. "Why are you still so secretive about things with her? I know how you felt. I saw it all, every moment." John sighed, closing his eyes and trying to force his emotion out of his voice. "Listening to that awful text noise at all hours of the day and night, laying awake while you brooded and composed, trying to make her talk to you... Trying to help you."
“No mender, you are mine.” Mycroft growled again. Sherlock pulled John close to his body as soon as the other stood and glared at his brother.
“No John…” Sherlock’s voice broke and he turned to his brother to solve the problem. Mycroft’s eyes were dark with fear and he turned away from his brother.
"Right, I'm sure he did." John smirked.
“Begging for me?” Sebastian purred, perhaps John was finally giving in to the inevitable. He had hoped this absence would be enough to break the younger vampire. His smile grew as he purred with pride. “Good, take me to him.” He dropped his things there in the hallway as he stepped away with Meaghan.
3) If she is in the scene then her name will be used.
“We both had been hoping you would come to us soon.” John whispered, his hand slowly trailing up Mycroft’s arm to find his cheek. He stroked his thumb over Mycroft’s cheek gently before pulling him down into a long slow kiss. “You deserve to be cherished as much as either Sherlock or I do.” Their mouths met again and a slow burning fire began to build inside each of the men. Sherlock loved watching how the two of his lovers so easily embraced each other, moaning softly when Mycroft eagerly began taking dominance over the mender. Mycroft began to place hot kisses over John’s throat, groaning as he moaned with desire. “I… I am not up to the task of enduring both of your passions yet, however I wish to see you two share in your desire.” John panted as Mycroft continued to lick, nip, and kiss his neck. “I want to see you share the bond I have forced you to neglect.” Mycroft claimed John’s mouth again, groaning as their hips rocked together hard.
"Oh and here we go." He giggled and Sherlock could not stop the smirk at the corners of his mouth. "Don't forget your violin." John returned to the bedroom trying to decide how best to divide the clothes.
“My love, my mender…” Sherlock sighed and pulled John, so he sank down on the couch beside him, cupping his cheeks in both hands. “You have forgiven him so much. I saw what he has done to you in your blood. How he found Gregory so soon after I was taken and nearly left you to rot with your grief. How he took advantage of your heart for all the time you remained here and yet let you leave, knowing full well where you would go, so that you were in danger of Moran. I also saw how he pounced you so soon after you return. Before he let you feed, before he restored your strength.” He sighed and looked away. “I knew then that I could no longer trust my brother to protect you. So, I told him as much and demanded he never lay a finger on you again, in any lifetime.” He placed his thumb over John’s lips to silence him when he began to speak. “No, my love, I am not finished. You have so much kindness in your heart, so much forgiveness… I knew you would find a way to overlook everything he has done so to protect you I did not let you know I had spoken to him like that. I did not want to injure your heart more in that moment.”
-Grim expression, refusal to look at me, and refuses to let me help –
"I want to know. What do you see, Sherlock? What do you feel?" John's voice was low. It was dark and deep with desire. His eyes still closed as he waited expectantly for an answer. Sherlock grunted with sheer pleasure as John
"That is true. You have the major points however, that silver is poison to us because of a reaction with our blood, that we can be killed by any normal means should we be weakened enough, and of course you have added what I revealed last evening." He smiled and rolled the parchment.
"What do you mean?" He tensed, Hamish grunting slightly as John unconsciously tightened his arms. Sherlock stopped pacing and looked directly at Jacob, fixing him with his most piercing stare.
"Oh... Please, Mycroft!" John begged, clawing the bed.
"No, you wouldn't disappoint
"Hey buddy." John smiled weakly and a tear fell from Hamish's eyes.
"S-Sherlock?" John's breath caught as Sherlock's mouth moved towards his.
“I am sorry.” He replied quietly, and this time he was. “My mind was so loud I lost track of the days. I solved the case very early this morning and only made it back as my brother entered. I wanted to hear his words, so I stayed back.”
"I..." There was that pained look again. A look that showed the torment of Sherlock trying to accept what he was feeling and let himself be okay with feeling. "I really do not deserve you John." John almost groaned at the softness of his voice but couldn't stop the noise from escaping when Sherlock lifted his hand and gently cupped John's cheek. It was such a tender movement and it melted whatever anger and sorrow John was feeling. His breath hitched as their eyes locked together again, but he did not at all agree with Sherlock's opinion.
"Daddy is sick too?" Hamish grumbled from under the blanket, crawling up to cuddle closer to John.
"If you wish to find another mate..." He started but Sherlock gently pressed his finger to his lips.
“It would have been fine if you hadn’t started speaking German!” Sherlock grunted reading John's thought right off his face, pushing the shirt away now as well.
"You think this is funny?" She growled again. "I'm going to make you pay and he's going to watch."
"He was screaming bloody murder, so it was necessary to do so.”
“Yes, something is coming, and it is bringing grief beyond any I have felt before; grief and darkness like none I have ever known. I need your word that you will stay beside Sherlock no matter what comes, that you will help him if something were to happen to me.” He paused a moment and then more quietly added, “That you will guide them both through the dark if it should pass that I am not there to help.” The weight of what John was saying felt like it was dragging Gregory under the waves. He knew John was serious, John was the only other to understand the delicate dance the Holmes men did to exist in the world. John was his closest companion and the idea of not having him there felt like a gaping wound.
." Sherlock emphasized. He desperately wanted John to think for the moment and not feel. To understand what he was trying to say.
"Yes I certainly have."
"Papa, what did you think of Daddy when you fi..first met?" Hamish asked quietly, playing with a piece of carrot.
. He paled as his attention came back into the room his eyes burning into John's as he did. John's brow quirked up in confusion as Sherlock's gaze and full intensity of his mind settled onto him, but Sherlock didn't speak. He waited for a long moment in silence as Sherlock let the pieces slide back into place, trying to sort out how to best approach the food argument.
“I would ask that neither of you leaves the hotel for the time being,” Mycroft said quietly, his attention on the Mender most of all. “There are certain protections afforded us here.”
"You would have been if they hadn't..."
“I believe that shall be entirely up to you.” Greg whispered as he stepped closer to Mycroft.
"Are you…" John grunted, trying to be stronger than he was.
"You killed my parents and my sister as retaliation for  their attempts to kill your pet when they crossed paths with her on our journey north. I was just a babe when it happened and my mother had the intelligence to hide me under a blanket while Anthea tore through the wagon to ensure she had destroyed us all. My Uncle informed me of the story when he found me around my tenth birthday. However it is of no consequence to you what I
"Anything for you. Anything at all. John!" He arched as John pressed his already slicked finger inside, unable to stop the way his entire body became electrified.
"Oaken shield?" Sherlock furrowed his brow.
"Sherlock you are an adult, I understand wanting to entertain childish notions but there is a time and a place for that."
"Something is coming, I don't know what it is but I know it's bad. Jacob's warning has been eating away at me." He whispered.
“What is this?” James asked quietly, his voice sounding eager as he came to rest in front of Sherlock. “No cruel words about how you wished I died in the sun on my return?”
"I'm sorry, I can't..." John pleaded, his voice quaking.
"I know." John sighed again and sank down on the bed.
“Brother…” Mycroft began.
"Yes, I believe you are." He smiled.
“There I found your tomes, those volumes you poured your soul into so that our life and our love would live forever. I read them and once I had there remained only one choice. There was only one way to see if your words were true. Your blood.”
"Hush." He commanded and he kissed down John's body to take his erection in his mouth. John shouted and arched under his careful attention, his body trembling.
, John fit in his arms like they'd been made for each other. Sherlock let his nails scratch against the sensitive skin of John's scalp as he toyed with his hair, blowing his breath across the very purple love bite on his neck. John muttered something before trying to shake off his tiredness.
He walked over and brushed the flour out of Sherlock's hair and wiped the damp towel he'd cleaned Hamish's face with over Sherlock's cheeks to remove some of the batter lingering there. Sherlock swept in and gave him a quick kiss, a wide smirk still playing at the corners of his mouth.
“M-Master… P… Please.” John whimpered, the fire in his blood allowing him to give into what he knew would draw Sebastian in.
“You will not, in any lifetime, put your hands on my mate again.” Sherlock’s voice was a dark growling thing, and it gave Mycroft pause. As he surveyed the face of the other he realized instantly that whatever softness and affection had been between the two of them was permanently destroyed. Even the warmth that Sherlock had shown him, when he’d first returned home a short time ago was now gone, though Mycroft could see that Sherlock was in fact in his own mind again.
"It's my fault," Sherlock said softly and both of them looked at him with wide eyes. "You see Hamish, Daddy has been very sad lately because of what happened with your Mommy. So your Dad wanted to cheer him up by taking him to have adventures like we used to when we were little. I was trying to cheer him up and I made him forget to take care of himself and you, and I forgot to spend time with you too." He leaned down so his forehead was against Hamish's in John's arms. "Forgive me?" He asked softly.
"In the drawing room, begging to be used like a whore by our Master." Mary spat out.
Sherlock, you are my brother and the man you love was just injured." Their tones were definitely dark. Sherlock felt angry and vulnerable and did not like Mycroft's tone.
“Even now? Your appetite is insatiable, to think only two months ago we spent a week marking every room in this house with our lovemaking…” Sherlock’s voice was thick with sleep, but he groaned as John resumed his actions. He moved with the intention of rolling them, so he could have his way with his mate, however, his arms were forced down into the bed. He almost whined as he looked up into the darkening eyes of his mate, and soft growls continued to fill the room. Shortly after they had moved in, and settled in, John had begun to flourish. His self confidence came back, and he was beginning to be more like the man Sherlock first met, tempered by the strength of their history. To say Sherlock was not enjoying it however, would be a lie.
"I thought maybe the takeaway would be too much for him. I have some packets of beef tea..." She smiled sadly at Sherlock.
"Is it always so... Intimate?"
it's ten times more powerful than it would have been for anyone else." He raised his glance again, but almost shyly.
"For having a nightmare?" Sherlock asked in an incredulous tone. The look on his face said
John gave in, letting Sherlock’s possessiveness take over. Sherlock’s desperation to claim John now that Mycroft was gone. It was rare for Sherlock to feel so incredibly possessed of the need to mark John as his, the bond between the brothers and their mender was often equal on all sides. However something in Sherlock demanded this satisfaction now and he was not going to let the opportunity pass him by. He kissed down John’s body again, pushing him down into the mattress as he took John’s length into his mouth. John shouted and arched, the sensation sparking through his body like flames.
"Where have you two been?"  John crossed his arms.
." John groaned at the pure desire in the detective's voice as he too strode the distance to the bedroom. He instantly found himself slammed back against the door and Sherlock's eyes burned into his with possessiveness, need, lust, desire, and love. He was panting as he looked John over, searching his face for signs of hesitation or fear. "I want you." He growled again, kissing and nipping at his neck. "I want to claim you."
," He whispered pulling John to him for a quick kiss.
“Oh God…” John laughed, smirking as Sherlock made a face at him. John held up his hands almost in surrender. "I'm not taking credit for a word that comes out of your mouth on this."
"Guess…" John replied weakly, but smiled. Sherlock felt his heart lighten.
"Actually, maybe
"I'm going to call Mycroft." John's eyes fluttered open as he looked into Sherlock's face.
"I was going to let you live. I was going to let you live so you could watch him die. So you could feel how it is to lose the one you love, but now… Now I'm just going to kill you." She giggled again, watching his blood run on his arm.
As always this story is not beta'd. Please provide feedback and comments, and hopefully you enjoy the angst.
"John, I owe you a great deal of devotion and an apology." Uthur said quietly sitting down beside him. "I should have never second guessed your devotion. Jacob knew better than I and too often the hearts of the old do not listen to the truth of the young." Uthur smiled and John nodded his acceptance. "James told me when you were young that he saw great things for you and I can see now he wasn't wrong. Well he was but only in that you've become even more than he envisioned and I can give you no higher compliment than that. You have proven your bravery over and over since you came into this world - standing up for your sister, defending the ideals of our country in strange territories overseas, standing beside that incredibly brilliant man at the edge of a knife over and over... Yet even with all you have done that you knew Marcus was here and yet allowed yourself to be captured to bring him down is not something I would have expected." Sherlock's attention snapped up from where he'd been allowing himself to drift to sleep and fixated squarely on John. He'd missed that?
"Completely." He almost whispered it, as if the admission was too much. "Though I was so sure I had prepared myself." He said it in frustration with himself turning to survey John with the full force of his attention. John understood this was a test. He knew that Sherlock was looking to find in John the disappointment he felt in himself. John didn't change his expression displaying only a gentleness, an acceptance that seemed to both irritate and relieve him. Sherlock swallowed hard anger still visible in the lines of his body but John remained the same. Sherlock needed to see that John wasn't going to be disappointed in him for feeling or going to leave. He also needed to see he was being a colossal idiot.
“He is a short ride back in the forest. Their carriage was destroyed and if the blood is to tell the story at least one of them was gravely injured.”
Crack!
"How do you..."
-The floor was a black concrete, barren and blank. -
"When my uncle first discovered I lived he journeyed from the mortal city, Summer, that forms the port city for Solvanar, to our home to find me. He secured the right from my parents to take me back to Summer and introduce me to the matriarch of my Solvanar line as well as the history and power my birthright bestowed upon me. Within the first few months of arriving there a young vampire who was a hunter for his clan stumbled into the inn where we were staying on the verge of death. He was likely not going to survive the night. No one in the inn was willing to help him, though I did not know at the time that this was due to him being part of the large joint clan run by the Rowan Solvanar and containing members of the other fallen families. All I knew was a man was suffering and no one was helping him. It infuriated me." He sighed and looked down, flushing slightly. "I knew nothing of this history at the time and convinced the man secretly to come to my room. A foolish move for one so young as I was and a mortal no less, however I had recently begun my vampiric studies and considered myself adept to help him. Especially owing to the fact I had healed so many of your kin during my years with the Watson family."
"I couldn't John! You wouldn't have been safe!" He sighed softly. "Tell me you'll come home." He begged, his eyes pleading.
"You can't just tell me I can't touch you." John whimpered.
“I have an herbal wine I use when I need to distract my husband,” John could not repress a small noise of pain and Sherlock felt guilt curling more insistently in his chest. “Inform me of when you begin to build up the amounts in his blood and I shall do the same. My coven is in London, I will take you there and you two shall be safe.” He promised.
a case I don't want to know what it's like when he hasn't." Greg offered.
"I'm sorry - should we have stayed in?" John laughed, it felt so strange to hear Sherlock asking him for answers to questions like that.
“I was not betraying you! I am protecting you! You are safer at my side!” Mycroft growled, his own rage growing.
“My love,” Sherlock whispered as John started to turn to look for Mycroft, surprised he had not joined their embrace. “You look ill, you have not fed in some time. Will you please go feed now?” He kept his voice soft, pressing a gentle kiss to each of John’s eyelids.
"Let's be pirates!" Hamish demanded. "Please Daddys?!" John looked back out the windows, the rain had started again. That would be trouble and it meant they would need to keep the boys occupied if they wanted any sanity, so he jumped up out of his chair pretending to look affronted.
"There is no time." He snapped. "Twelve hours was more than I needed but two are already wasted and  for every minute he's in their hands I lose."
"Yes, it is." Sherlock whispered softly and Hamish giggled. Greg looked mildly interested at this point, slipping out of the sort of stupor he'd been in.
"There's some food here if you think you can eat." Sherlock whispered, walking over and checking John's temperature and pulse again.
"Fucking hell," John's breath hitched in his chest again. John watched transfixed as Sherlock was suddenly out of his trousers and slowly slid his pants down. He was gorgeous. John groaned at the sight and had never wanted to touch someone so badly in his life. He moved without thinking and suddenly found himself on his stomach with his hands pinned behind his back in handcuffs.
"I don't want to upset him," John's voice cracked.
"No, this is not how I would prefer to pass an evening." He answered honestly before correcting himself. "Though it is a most delightful party." The red velveteen outfit made those quicksilver eyes take on different hues as he looked into them and they were distracting him. He was caught in the man's eyes and felt himself sink into the moment as if nothing else existed. He felt like the forces of nature were slowly pulling them into a powerful orbit around each other. He looked up as Sherlock came to rest just in front of him, his eyes burning down into John's. John's breath was uneven in his chest and he felt a strong desire to give over to the care of this man.
"What?" Sherlock jolted, not entirely sure whether he'd dozed off a bit himself.
“I…” Mycroft let his eyes roam over the room and John once before tensing his hands on the walking stick he carried. “I felt it best to come in person rather then convey my thoughts in writing. I also felt it best to do so without my younger brother present as he…” He paused, watching as John tensed a bit preparing to defend his mate, “Does not always listen to the content of what is being said before making a judgement.” He offered tentatively, in the hopes of keeping things peaceful.
"Yes, there is much lore around our kind that is untrue. We are weaker in the day but we do not burn. If we are injured too gravely and left to the sun we will die from weakness not ash." He ran his hand over John's face without touching him, groaning as John easily turned his head further.
"You have met the matriarch of your clan?" Mycroft asked.
"Thank you for coming so swiftly." She said tiredly.
"Alright Mycroft I’ll trust you this time, just help me get my husband and son out of there safe." Sherlock demanded his voice cracking slightly. Mycroft nodded and with that Sherlock instantly turned and stalked after Jacob. Jacob was already halfway to the entrance. Mycroft let Greg towards the building and sighed as they heart John shouting himself hoarse.
"Are you kidding me, of course I am." Sherlock said quietly, his voice right in John's ear. "After that much pent up desire being expressed in so short a time?" He grinned. "You'd better rest before I recover." His voice held a teasing smirk.
"I haven't
A few months later, after the snows had gone and it was once again safe for Sherlock to run amok all over London chasing clues and solving crimes, John returned his focus to studying mortal medicine, vampire medicine, and his herbal craft which had long lay forgotten. As such, there were times such as today that John remained home at 2-2-1-B Baker Street while Sherlock was out. John found himself falling into a comfortable pattern and enjoying the seeming normalcy that it brought. He was however, startled out of his thoughts when around noon a soft knock echoed through the sitting room where he sat reviewing one of the latest medical treaties. Mrs. Hudson appeared only a moment later and smile broadly at the mender, her fondness for the pair was evident in every movement she made around them. John stood to welcome her in but frowned slightly when she stepped aside and revealed someone John had not at all expected. Standing there stiff and attempting to look unaffected was the Elder Holmes. John stiffened slightly as the older vampire entered the room and glance around quickly, as if expecting Sherlock to be hidden around any corner. He was crisply dressed in a suit that was all angles and made him seem even more imposing, especially as he wore the blank mask he now carried as his face to the world. He stood firmly, clearly uncomfortable at having entered the space, but his eyes softened as he looked towards John. John remained near his chair, keeping his face blank as Mrs. Hudson quickly exited the room leaving the pair in a seeming vacuum as they tried to size each other up. John had to admit he was surprised to see the Elder Holmes standing in their home after the abrupt departure and lack of communication that had passed between the pair and Mycroft. There hadn’t been a word from the Coven since the last storm broke just over a month ago and Mycroft showing up when Sherlock was out did not give John the same sense of security it once would have.
"He stated that you two would be very tired and needed your rest. He informed me you might not wake until tomorrow." She smiled and offered them blood.
“We can go to the dentist and then the five of us can head out together this evening. I am sure Lady Pendergrass won’t mind.” Sherlock shrugged.
"Ja! Natürlich!" Hamish exclaimed proudly. Sherlock looked like a sudden mix of feelings were boiling through him. He fixed his full glaring gaze on John as his eyes broke him down and studied him. Greg would never get over how
“Luckily for you, ‘darling,’ he found it funny. Sherlock, what have I done to deserve so much torment from you?” He sighed, sinking deeply into the role of a stressed husband. “Have I not provided you everything you have asked for?”
"I am not."
"Sherlock!" John whimpered and arched.
"I never got your letter or I would have replied." Sherlock's voice was soft, an apology without so many words.
This chapter has been haunting me for so long and I have had to pry it out of my head and onto the paper.
"Sherlock... God... I cannot stop." John grunted, his eyes glazed over. They'd been wrapped together for what felt like days but the fire in John's blood would not be calmed.
"No, please continue. Since the both of you seem to have some sort of grasp on how I feel. I'll just lie here and listen to my entire life spelled out by the god Damned Holmes brothers!" His blood pressure rose and he grunted.
"Obvious, I know." He smirked proudly as he pushed John back. "I wanted to claim you last night... You dreamt of it did you not?" He purred in his ear and John groaned.
"We have the car ready down in the ambulance area. Less of them can get in that way. If you're ready we can go." John made sure he had packed everything in the bag Sherlock was carrying and then nodded.
"You are to go to the Holmes estate, inform whomever greets you that your Lady has requested her cousin to remain beside her for the time being to watch over her illness. You will inform them that he shall give them more information when he is able, however they should not expect his return for several days. Tell them that Lady Elizabeth will be fine but that her health is delicate and she can stand little more than his company for the time being. Tell them he told you this himself and answer any relevant questions as necessary." The woman nodded, her eyes glazed however she turned on her heel and left.
come back again." His tone darkened again but he sighed softly.
“I cannot and will not speak of his mind or heart.” She replied curtly, glaring at him. “Our plan is our own. If you can convince him to allow me to tell you, then perhaps I shall. However I shall tell you nothing otherwise.” She vanished suddenly and he growled before turning to look at the door that hid away the man he desperately wanted for his own. He moved over to it, pulling the door open just enough to slip inside.
was to you do not let that make you forget what he has sacrificed…"
“And so the traitor and his pets return home, begging for safety.” Sebastian growled as he stepped forward, dragging a short chain around John’s neck until the man shakily crawled after him.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, fear lining his voice. “Oh… John what…”
. If you wish to stop simply do so." He promised as he closed his eyes and could not bite back a soft moan.
"I didn't know, I noticed." John giggled.
Mycroft started when a soft knock echoed on his study door, knowing instantly it was the Mender and not his love. He called for the Mender to enter and frowned at the somber look the other carried. He motioned for John to take a seat while he finished writing his document, turning to give the Mender his full attention.
John took his time worshipping Sherlock, keeping him on the razor's edge of pain and pleasure for hours before allowing him to crash over. There was a desperation in John’s actions that had worry trying to gnaw away at the Detective’s heart, but John kept him too distracted to think deeply about it. As night began to fall they wrapped themselves in robes and stood on the balcony.
"Okay," Sherlock said and unceremoniously hung up. He dropped his phone off the side of the bed not caring where it landed. It made a muffled
"The chemistry of our..." Sherlock started to explain.
"I'm sorry Sherlock..." Smack. "I'm sorry Master." John grunted and he felt those long cool fingers rubbing soothing circles over the sore blushing cheeks. "It never came up in conversation, so I forgot to mention it."
"Sebastian," His voice cracked slightly but he firmed himself. "Moriarty will not rest." His voice betrayed his fear. Sherlock was surprised that John was afraid and his hold softened slightly on his shoulders.
"Sher…lock?" John asked softly, trying to lift his head. It hurt far too much to do however, so he sank back against the cushions.
"They are yours?" Mycroft asked with disdain.
"He was the one whose decision it was. He is safe and secured so I saw no reason to inform the two men who are abusing the privilege of his heart continue to injure him so." George did not recoil when Mycroft got in his face, he stayed exactly where he was.
"Moriarty's plan - it's being controlled by someone who would not waver from his instructions no matter what. Someone who was inspired to loyalty by him, a loyalty like yours except that it was likely built off lies and falsehoods. The cat with the spiders web."
"Your attempt to act like your former 'Master' notwithstanding, you're failing. Miserably, I might add." Sherlock let out a huff of laughter. "Oh…" He said it softly in the tone he used when the pieces clicked together. "Oh, you stupid girl," He chided.
"No. I told you, you're my family. I never wanted to hurt you or Harriet. I know how much you two suffered at the hands of that man. You told me about it every summer when you came to Germany. Besides even if I had doubts you wiped them away last night. When we met I could easily see that you were not fighting me because it was me, no you stopped as soon as you realized it was me. You were fighting to protect him," He nodded in Sherlock's directions. "You followed the family protocol just like we setup when we were younger. You spoke to me in German and you were concerned for my safety. You doctored my wounds just like you did when we were children and when you found me on that failed Order mission in Afghanistan. Since last night I have once again reported to Uthur that there is no need to bother you and that his vengeance can now only be completed on Marcus. I've resigned as his assassin."
"I didn't know, I observed." John giggled and Sherlock shot him an annoyed grin and clicked his tongue. "There's a bit of pink on the inside of your left wrist, I spotted it when you scratched your nose in bed." He grinned . "Now go and apologize."
“Father!” Anna gasped and threw herself into his arms, hugging him.
"All we know is that he was attacked in broad daylight right in the middle of the sidewalk. The knife pierced all the way through but missed any really major structures, somehow. His other wounds are not that bad, just cuts and bruises. But the doctor is worried he has a concussion, but he was out like a light when I found him. The doctor wants to keep him at least overnight for observation. So far it doesn't seem like the reporters have gotten wind, so it's been fairly quiet here for him so far." Her voice was soft. Sherlock looked back at her, slightly confused.
"Sherlock, you're actually adorable like this. You really have no idea about any of this do you?"
"I need you John. I've needed you for too long and I've held back, you told me to stop but I didn't. I couldn't…" He growled, lowering himself down and kissing John again. "Now I can't stop myself anymore, not know that I realize everything that you have done for me; now that I truly realize all that you are." John grunted as Sherlock clawed into his chest, kissing him again. "Now that I finally realize you are the only one
He became vaguely aware of the conversation floating up the stairs, something about the new gaggle of reporters that had shown up outside the flat following the Yard's article. It took several minutes for John to regain full control of his body and he forced himself back to his original goal of straightening his room. He sorted through his wardrobe finding an outfit that would be suitable for dinner and wouldn't look like he was wearing clothes ten sizes too big for him. He licked his lips and moaned again, still tasting Sherlock on them. His mind and nerves were already behaving like a teenage boy, not a promising start to his first actual date with Sherlock Holmes. He gathered the things he needed and showered and shaved. He put on his outfit, hoping to use the rest of the afternoon to feel comfortable in it again. After spending twenty minutes fussing with his hair he gave up and made his entrance into the living room. Sherlock was playing the violin but opened his eyes to survey John and gave him a purely indecent look before returning to his music. Mrs. Hudson was sitting in John's arm chair drinking a cup of tea. When John met her eyes he forced himself not to blush but smiled quite sheepishly.
