“Wasn’t that the super stalker fangirl from the books?”
Which, in their current situation is counter-productive, seeing that they have a devil to catch.
Nor is it Sam.
“I can’t tell you.”
The mental fortitude needed to survive for that long (even in perceived time) was monumental. Castiel hadn’t even been as strong as Dean. His will and mind abandoned him long before Dean’s had. Sure, Dean also suffered, but he was always present mentally. Castiel, he’d chickened out. Swamped with guilt but wanting to be there for Dean emotionally led him to supressing his memories. So much so that he’d forgotten his entire plan and their only way out. That he will never forgive himself for.
He left.
Seeing Cass just lying here had dunked his happiness in cold water. Now his body is trembling from the shock and the cold.
had he allowed that to happen? So many boundaries had been crossed.
“I thought tonight meant something to you and I wanted to make sure that it did before -.”
“You’re not going to die Dean.” Cass says drily. “This contraption moves at less than one mile per hour.”
know what brates are. I never told anyone.”
“No chick-flick moments.” Sam reminds him.
“There.” He breathes, “Rub there.”
Sam feels immensely relaxed. He’s lying mostly flat while Dean is sitting with his back against the headboard so he can eat. Then, something catches his eye. It’s the paper from earlier, the one Dean had been clutching. He’s sure of it.
The child grabs hold of his finger, yanking with a force a three year old couldn’t possibly have. “Stay.” He begs, popping Dean’s finger into his mouth and sucking gently.
Dean isn’t gay.
Flat on his back, staring up blankly at the ceiling, Dean tries to numb himself to what’s happening. His hands are folded over his ribcage, his eyes are shut, he can feel Cass’ gaze on him like a hawk’s.
“Well.” Dean cracks a smile. “We cross that bridge when we come to it.”
Castiel drops the title like it’s on fire, letting out a harsh breath as he stares down at the thing on the car floor.
“I can do that.” She assures. “Say what you need to say.”
TILL DEATH DO US PART
“Sam saw me.”
Sam gets into the front seat in a great huff and Dean slips silently into the driver’s seat, relegating Castiel to the back seat once more. The drive back is sullen, the air rife with tension. He feels too stiff to even put the radio on. Cass, for the most part, sits, staring down at his folded hands and Sam glares out the window.
He’d have to go to him from a position of strength… offer something worthwhile…
She hasn’t met him personally but Sam had described him as a stocky man in a black suit with a British accent. And from the books, she knows how drawn he is to her sons. They’ve worked as allies; they were once enemies. Which one he is right now is still somewhat a mystery. They chained him but they haven’t killed him, which means they still need something from him.
Castiel tries to figure out where it all went wrong. Because it had. Terribly wrong. Irrevocably wrong. He pulls at his hair, biting his lip to concentrate. He’s determined to do this thing. This one thing, he can do it.
Dean stares down at his hands in confusion.
Still obnoxiously present and chugging wine like water.
Wrinkling his face in utter distaste Cass shifts slightly in the passenger seat. “I’m not the best at making choices. Especially when it comes to human things.”
Cass looks sour overall, and annoyed, but mostly sour.
“Just calm down.” Dean almost hides in shame. He’s telling a  guy who just discovered the pleasures of having a dick to calm down. “Well… maybe not. But anyway, from what I saw – which was a whole lot more than I wanted to see.” He adds. “Your technique worked just fine. It’s pretty similar to how I do it.” Mostly because he basically dictated it.
(See the end of the chapter for
killed you for it.”
Cass might not understand right away, but when he does, he’ll thank Dean. He’ll realize that once again, his father was trying to control him. Make him into his solider again. But Dean won’t let that happen. He won’t let Chuck control him – or Cass.
Castiel presses a hand to his head as he sways. Of all the times to have a headache. He wants to raise his blade and hack apart the angels who are slowly cornering Dean, he wants to rip this place apart until he finds Lucifer and rips him apart. But all he can do is struggle to not have his head ripped apart.
Another sob bursts forth. Dean presses his fist into his mouth and turns his face away. In such a confined space, it’s about the same as flying into another galaxy. Except Cass can still hear him.
him. Yet, the categorical imperative doesn’t lie. Dean needs Cass. Cass needs Dean. Sam just thought Dean’s need was purely friendship. But what if he’s wrong?
Finally, he can do what he’s only ever dreamed of… Dean leans in and cups Cass’ face, gently pressing their lips together. And despite not knowing how Cass got back, or what they’re going to do about Chuck, Dean is stupidly happy.
Dean winces as the words leave his mouth. That sounds just as bad as it had in his head.
Crossed legged on the bed with his thumb and fore fingers pressed together with his elbow balanced on his knee.
Dean.
“Yes.” Dean says. “He’s… looking for the full human experience.”
“I did it to show you what it was like in the box. That you could never last as long as needed.” He breathes. Dean’s breath hitches. “I stayed so that I could use the phrase and free you. But you lasted longer than I could ever have. I told Sam to expect us in two to six hours. But you lasted… and lasted… and I, in my selfishness, forgot the code. I thought I was helping you Dean.” He pleads with his eyes for Dean to see the truth; to yell and rage but tell him that he needs some time. Time for them to get back to normal. Time for Dean to forgive him.
It’s the little things he does – or doesn’t do – that just break his heart.
He shares a brief look with Cass, who looks paler than Dean and gestures for him to stay put.
The sun is shining brightly in this world. Dean squints at it but Michael and Cass seem relatively unfazed.
“Some friend you are.” He growls.
He knows that he’s pretty much the king of jackasses for just dropping that question of Cass when he’d already made up his mind that that wasn’t what he wanted to do. It had just… popped up. Unwantedly.
It’s a Monday so the park is completely empty which is why Dean is acting even more Dean-like than usual.
“Dean’s pie?” Dean’s face is flabbergasted even as the angel twitches. Cass points at the fridge shakily, “It’s in the fridge.”
“Just one last thing. And remember, you don’t have to answer.” Dean says, his hands readjusting his grip on the edge of the bed.
“Sure. Try away.”
ALSO... another chapter will be up either tomorrow or the day after so keep an eye out.
“What. No. Course not.”
Pausing with his finger on the cap, Dean looks down at him shyly. “So, uh… how are we doing this?” he wonders, his fingers still fidgeting on the cap. “Do we… flip for it?”
Dean grumbles as the door slams shut behind him. “That was completely
What does that say about him?
But years of screwing up had shattered that possibility.
Cass leans all the way over to Dean’s side and presses a swift kiss to his cheek. Somehow, that little kiss feels more intimate than any of the others they shared before. Maybe because it’s broad daylight. Maybe because Dean isn’t accustomed to getting kissed on the cheek. The chicks he usually hooks up with usually just get down to business; neck biting and lip lock before the main course.
“Listen lady, this is the most powerful guy ever. Chuck. God. He’s gonna screw you if he finds us here. The best shot for you and them and this entire world is to get us the hell out of here.”
Sam doubts that he can manage seeing Dean’s room and Cass’ toys without having a full-on breakdown. He can still hear the echoes of their laughter floating down the halls.
He takes a breath… and coughs. “Woah! Someone needs a bath.”
Dean wakes up with a groan. He can’t remember the last time he slept that soundly, but somehow he’s still tired. Baby purrs as though greeting him. Cracking his eyes open he finds Cass with both hands on the wheel and focused on the road.
“What? Cass grow a tail or something?” Dean ask tactlessly, bending backward to peer over at his rear.
Cass always holds it against him though.
“And yet it look you hundreds of thousands of years to even tell me!”
Maybe he should talk to Dean. Hint at the topic, after all, he’d been about to say something important back at that fountain.
Of their own accord, Dean's eyes keep drifting to Cass. The angel looks wrecked - in a good way. His hair is messed up, just like back in the day, and his body is slack on the bed.
“I don’t think you’re getting it, Cass.” Dean bites out, his emotions quickly beating back his pleasant attitude. “We’re family. If you die – when you died, I could barely function.” Cass throws him a skeptical look.
He nods, not wanting to be rude.
“No!” Sam yells, drawing stares from some of the other patrons.
“Tell me the truth.” Dean commands, “If – do you want me to open this box?”
Dean, at least, seems mildly amused by that.
He looks at Castiel for a reaction, but gets none, “Dean, if you want to engage with a female you don’t need to lie to us.”
From above, Dean cuts him a glare before turning back to Sam, who is still babbling incoherently. Castiel wants to ask what’s wrong, or offer to heal them, but his grace is still uneasy from Lucifer’s manipulations.
“You’ve always been a good little lap dog Cass, don’t ruin it now.”
Sputtering, Castiel wonders how Dean hadn’t seen it. They were huge and disgusting. Red beyond belief like a Rougarou who’d changed. And they had definitely never… ever, been in the simulation before.
After overstaying her welcome in the kitchen, Mary walks through the bunker halls. She’d spent almost a day trying not to get so turned around. She spots Dean’s door and walks past it to Castiel’s room, just a few doors down.
He doesn’t feel right just kissing Cass in his car with an ulterior motive though. He doesn’t like the feeling of being used, and he knows, that if Cass finds out, he wouldn’t appreciate it either.
The song later on in the chapter is 'On the Road Again' by Willie Nelson.
With those images in mind, his hand flies across his dick , searching for a quick release.
“Deal.”
“I know Sam.” Dean says. “If he get a whiff of this he will
“I do enjoy a good soak.” Says Crowley as he starts to strip. “Besides, the steam warms up my screaming voice.”
Dean’s hand shoots out suddenly, flinging a mixture of water and bubbles into Cass’ face. The child splutters and coughs before quickly retaliating by dragging Dean down into the tub with him. Of course, the splash leaves Sam soaking in water from the waist up.
He checks his phone only to see that Sam has left him a text: ‘managed to pin Dean’s call to you.’ and a separate text with the coordinates. Castiel clenches his fingers on the phone simultaneously feeling over the moon and hating himself.
Impassive, Dean just glances towards the exit. Of all the reactions Sam had expected this one never even made the list.
“Though, it’s not very mutual at the moment as Dean has stolen the porn.”
Sam flinches as it splatters into a million different places. It’s well and truly shattered now.
“He –” Dean glances back at the door, licking his lips. “He’s at Stanford.”
He’d made all the preparations in secret. Usually, in the night, while Sam was asleep.
“But he had control over his mouth, right? He’s had over a year to tell us about this… but he hasn’t. Nothing changes. I hope you’re
“I presume you still want that pie?” Cass says almost teasingly.
To lose Baby – Dean’s pride and joy seems like the prequel to losing Dean for good.
“Dean.” Sam’s eyes dart over to Castiel who just lets himself hang limp in his brother’s grip. “She can’t undo this.”
Grasping at straws, Castiel blurts the first thing that comes to mind, in an attempt to fix things, to stop Dean from spiraling “They’re real! What we have is real. I know it.”
disgusted by the thought of being with me.” Dean’s voice pulls his attention away from the episode of Scooby Doo. Ever since he’d actually met the talking dog and his companions, he felt an odd kinship with them.
“I want to try my technique out of you.” Says Cass seriously, as though he’s about to start the biggest experiment of his career. Dean half expects him to strap on some gloves and a doctor’s coat.
Los Angeles after all. He settles onto the stool and orders a drink. The barkeeper winks at him and makes sure to stick her posterior out before pouring his drink. Humans, he thinks bitterly.
Though, Dean hopes that it applies to the beet root that he kicked under the seat.
Dean raises a brow and pasts on a cheeky grin to hide his surprise. “Oh?”
Castiel didn’t just buy beet in the garage.
“Yeah.” Dean says.
P.S if you guys have any ideas, feel free to send them to me at sandeancastiel@gmail.com
“Uh, couldn’t you just chuck them in for me?”
“No.” he mutters bitterly. “You – you just dropped a bomb on me. How could I sleep?”
is what he wants. To be this close to Dean and not have to worry about someone seeing them or Dean freaking out. Dean had even taken his confession about loving him for some time now, in stride. Sure, he may not have said the words ‘I love you’ point-blank, but he could tell that Dean understood. He wants this to work so badly, maybe opening up to Dean all the way isn’t such a bad idea. Especially if he continues this new attitude throughout their relationship.
“You know when he said it, so many things just clicked. When you freaked out about my flirting and– and–” He makes a weak gesture to his table; to the crumpled piece of paper.
“Wait.” Says Castiel, “Chuck is gone. How is this convention even happening.”
Castiel wraps both hands around their cocks, trying to touch as much skin as possible. Dean immediately moans into his neck, hips picking up the pace. Castiel wars with keeping his hands in place and taking the opportunity to squeeze Dean’s ass. He’d regretted not doing it enough the night before.
“Yes.”
Dean bristles, “Do you want to stay?”
Narrowing his eyes, he tries to figure out a response. The implication is unmistakable. How many times does he have to sing the same song?
Immediately, he thinks of the bunker and Dean’s mattress. He hadn’t given it much more than two thoughts during their time together, but he knew how fond of it Dean was.
Cass just keeps up his amused smile. It gives Dean chills. The angel looks almost pleased by this development. He doesn’t get why he isn’t mad. Dean would be if someone used their charms to distract him.
“Um…” Sam taps his chin in thought. “Is it
“Of course.” He murmurs, unthinkingly. “But how can you be so brazen about – about –”
When it finally sinks in that Dean isn’t coming back for the night, he allows himself to make his way back to the bunker.
“You’re usually the one who can’t keep quiet.” He retorts.
“You forgot about me, huh, buddy?” teases Dean, his hands moving faster and faster.
Note: Next chapter is the BIG reveal!
His hands wrap sound the handle of the hammer. His heart is in his stomach, his pulse ringing in his ears. Sam can hardly stand to look
He blinks up at Dean. “Then why did you pray to me?”
Jody’s face creases in sympathy. “Poor Dean. I know how attached to the little guy he was. He must be takin’ this pretty hard.”
“It’s me.” He says, hurt. “Dean.”
“Call me Dean.”
Castiel watches the confusion and fear streak across his friend’s face.
Cass looks at him blandly. “But it has my name on it.”
. Things are going great. Why do you keep asking?”
“Dean you’ve slipped before.” He say wanting to placate Dean. A sulking partner is no good. “Let’s not make a big deal out of it. Get up and let’s get back to work.”
“That’s it.” he says using his gentlest voice. “You’re doing great. Just a little more Cass.”
you’re getting an honest answer.”
“You can tie yourself to me,” Castiel whispers. “You can drag me with you into the abyss.”
Dean thinks that he must still be alive.
“Shit.” It’s Dean’s voice. He presses a hand to Castiel’s nose to try to stop the bleeding.
“Sure Sammy.” He says. “I’ll put that on your tombstone.”
Now there’s an idea. “What about you and Cass. You guys could bond.” He tells Sam.
“That wasn’t very convincing,” Dean tells him. “Talk to me.”
“Oh?” Sam’s voice rises in interest.
Castiel waits until he hears Dean get in until he bolts for his bag.
“Shit.” Dean hisses, “We got no iron… no salt.”
“This is ersatz gone wrong.” Sam mutters.
Belatedly, he wonders how long it takes to build up a tolerance to pleasure. Because Dean isn’t sure how much longer he can hide the instant erection born from Cass simply removing his pants.
And, just like that, they’re back again. All thanks to an angel and a demon going at it in the back of a vintage car.
Knuckles rap firmly on the door, prompting Dean into action. He cracks the door open, ready to explain his idea to Cass, before he pulls up short in surprise.
Castiel let’s himself forget where they are. That Dean’s words aren’t really real.
Cass’ expression pinches. “No. I actually just came here to talk to you about…” As his voice drifts, so do his eyes. They land on the magazines in Dean’s lap. “Busty Asian Beauties.” He murmurs.
“Morning!” Sam calls, stalking into the kitchen. His eyes are glued to his tablet, already mapping out what they need for the case. “Guys, I found –”
*WARNING*
“Whatever he did to me… I can feel it. Writhing inside me. Messing with me. It’s gonna take me soon enough.”
It’s inevitable.
“Man!” Dean exclaims. “What are you doing! Don’t you chew?”
“You’re selling it?” Castiel wonders, confused. Dean loved this car, sometimes he wondered if Dean had loved the car more than Sam.
Slowly, he adds his tongue into the mix, letting it roam around a bit. When he next looks at Cass, Dean realises this time that he was the one with his eyes closed, while Cass’ were wide open.
The ride is silent. And Sam can tell that Dean doesn’t want to be here. It would be so much easier for him to stay at the bunker. But Cass wants to say goodbye properly and he wants to ‘eat some pie’ before they go.
be hard for you.”
“Relax Cass.” Murmurs Dean against his stomach, pushing himself up so that they lay side by side. “I guess I was being a bit unfair to you. This is your first time, it’s not fair that I tease you and don’t let you come.”
“Why didn’t you look for me?”
He presses the bottle of lube into Dean’s hands and moves onto his hands and knees – the pose which he observed the most often.
“You confused me last night.” He admits, rubbing the back of his neck with his free hand, “I wanted to test a theory.”
“What the hell are you yammering about?” Dean demands.
He’d never know. He’d never be selfish enough to ask. And even if he did, Dean would die before giving him a straight answer.
“Minute four.” Cass says as he’s leaving.
Unphased by her anger, he carries on talking. “Oh, I didn’t do anything.” Crowley pretends to be offended. “In fact, I think they did this to themselves.”
Cass is back not two minutes later, clearing his throat to grab Dean’s attention and splaying his arms and executing an almost bow.
Dean press a hand to his forehead a concerned angel staring back at him.
Sam hadn’t understood the grin that spread across his face, but that’s okay. Sam probably think’s he’s odd anyway.
Dean shudders. “This place is funky.”
The chair screeches against the floor as he pulls it out and clangs when he sets the back legs down. Cass, in contrast, manages to move in complete silence. Sam remembers the countless times when Dean had made a jab about putting a bell on the angel. He keeps that memory to himself now, he doesn’t think Cass will appreciate jokes at the moment.
“There’s something I’ve always wondered.” Castiel whispers, being careful not to phrase it as a question.
He finds them both in Dean’s room. Dean lying in bed and Cass sitting next to him, the cup, the only barrier between them.
Sam just gives him a dubious look. He’d like to say: ‘as well as you’re ‘pulling off’ normal now,’ but that would just be cruel.
“Well… good timing then.” He keeps his expression pleasant, though internally he shudders. Minute fours still haunts him.
“You are from another universe, right?” she inquires, peering over at them in interest when Dean nods. “And you just want to get home?”
“That’s my old man.” Then whispers in a lower tone. “Cass this is awesome.”
Dean leans forward. He feels out Cass’ lips in the dimness before planting his own against them. Cass moans and laughs. It’s the first time in ages that he’s seeing a reaction of genuine happiness. He vows to do this more often – kissing Cass, talking to him – it seems to be one of the only things that makes him forget that they’re trapped in a box.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam’s eyes widen in panic. “I don’t know what to do.”
“You know why I don’t want Sam to know.” Dean remarks.
“Uh-huh. Let’s get along with it.”
Dean laughs, twirling his keys between his fingers. He can’t remember a time when Cass was ever this playful. Usually his stiff persona followed them, even in moments of relaxation. Dean can’t complain though. It’s a nice change of pace… and exactly what he wanted; for Cass to feel free to be himself and know that he won’t be mocked or laughed out of the room.
Thank you to my lovely beta
What would be an appropriate reply, “You don’t want to be with me.”
“Knowledge turns you on Sam,” Crowley says. “Come back tomorrow.
letting her get close to you guys. You have to understand that. And I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Brother. And Dates.
“Do you think this will be fun?” he asks, turning to gauge Cass’ reaction.
cheesy, but she’s honoured to be having this version of the walk with one of her boys, even if it’s about thirty years late.
and a slice of apple pie. And, if all else fails, he can stream the new Game of Thrones from his phone.
Dean opens his mouth for a rebuttal but Cass beats him to it. “Don’t tell me otherwise. You
“It’s alright.”
Sam swears that the heavenly trumpet sounds as Dean’s footfalls echo through the corridor.  Grabbing Cass, Sam bolts to meet him half way, practically shoving him into Dean’s arms. Cass is instantly calm. He just sits happily in Dean’s lap with wet cheeks and snot on his face while he stares at him with bright blue eyes. To his dismay Dean just stares back, amused.
“You okay?” he asks instead.
that it’s Cass was a huge turn on.
Mind whirling, he takes in what Cass just told him. He hadn’t known things were that bad. He’d figured that he had a fast metabolism or whatever. But of course it was Cass. Cass had saved him from himself yet again.
A wet, warm tongue darts across his flesh, circling just around the nipple. Dean grunts his hand flying up to Cass head to hold him in place. He hasn’t even done anything and Dean is ready to explode.
The truth is revealed.
“I know you can’t control when you come out of the lamp.” Dee whispers. “Sam’s just…” he breaks off, swallowing whatever he was about to say.
Staring at the bottle of lube, he wonders how he’s supposed to get it onto Cass’ dick without crossing any more boundaries.
Dean is different now.
“Please hear my prayer.” He begs.
The receptionist is an old lady with thick glasses and white hair. She looks up at Dean, nonplussed, “You got a warrant sweet cheeks?”
But, if the universe wants Crowley to play love connect, then so be it.
He’s thought he’d be alone once more soon enough, that Adam would cast him out.
Silence follows then.
“What are you implying.”
Sam goes back to his dinner. “That’s the spirit guys.”
"Cass." He breathes, letting the words flow softly from his lips.
He thinks about those days without Cass… those torturous days. He can’t do that again.
Sucking up his hurt feelings – mostly some rejection with a splash of concern – Dean scoots to the other side of the bed, waiting to see how Cass will position himself before settling into place.
And Castiel believed him. He followed his council right up until he couldn’t take it anymore. He donned the doctor’s outfit and hightailed it to Donatello’s side. Seeing Dean had been a slap in the face. He hadn’t even looked happy to see him. And he hadn’t even bothered to call to tell him goodbye.
“No.” he breathes, “I want this.”
That’s one of the biggest deterrents; his uncertainty about Cass’ feelings. He doesn’t want to pressure his friend into telling him. Putting him on the spot and asking would do them both no good either.
Apparently, as Dean finds out after waking in a pool of drool, sleeping is the key.
How is he to answer that?
He wants to ask why Dean kept quiet, though Castiel suspects it’s the same reason he did: fear and embarrassment.
. It reverberates through the room, shattering any pretences and baring them both.
“Dean let go.” Cass growls. Dean sees blood leaking down the sides of the box. It makes him sick.
“I can incorporate it if you like it that much.” He says, keeping his face serious.
And they are.
“Don’t mention it. But we need to go shopping ASAP.” She says. “When Dean was an adult, Cass could run around wherever he liked because Dean was watching him. Now we need to get some play pens. Some food. Some teething rings, cause Cass is about to chew off Dean’s finger.”
“I wonder when Sam died.” Dean’s voice drifts over. “If he was happy. Maybe he quit the life, settled down. I know he always wanted to.”
He laughs, not giving Sam a chance to squeeze in a word. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Hey Cass?” he waits till he has Cass full attention. “You know you don’t have to worry right. I’m not in love with you.”
Well, Dean thinks it’s a mistake and scratches at the page with a nervous chuckle. “Sorry,” he mutters. “I just got lost in the joy of list-making.”
a lot of things - things he thought he could never have.
Dean reaches out, cupping his cheek. It sends chills through Castiel’s body. “It’s like you said.” Dean whispers. “We keep doing what we’ve been doing. Only this time we both know that this could evolve into something… real. And – and when one of us is sure about the way we feel… we say something.”
And the tumultuous emotions that follow: fear, hope, anxiety, love and others that Dean doesn’t even know the words for.
Plus, he’s pretty sure he wasted all of Sam’s blueberries and kale for the ‘filling.’
Sam can’t expect
“Here lies, Dean – The Bachelor, nineteen seventy nine to twenty twenty.”
It won't be for long, I should be able to buy a new laptop in about a month. Fingers crossed ;)
Castiel knows what he really is to the brothers.
“You’re like a bloodhound,” Sam comments as Dean takes a lick of the whipped cream.
“Unless you’re enjoying yourself so much that you don’t want to come back.” Sam teases.
Could he possibly compare to this Dean? The one who probably stayed here with Castiel in this cottage?
Dean shakes his head in confusion.
The angel cocks his head, “Don’t lie Deeean.” He teases, “You wuv it.”
This is obviously Cass’ crush talking.
He couldn’t do it then.
Damnit Crowley!
Eyes, raw and brimming with emotion, Cass stares at him. “Why was my name on that DVD?”
He feels Dean shift uncomfortably. Castiel had learnt all about rationing money from his time as a human. Dean had explained to him what the plan was and how much money was allocated to each task and Castiel had mentally taken note:
“Everything is as it should be.” He announces, breaking the silence.
He glances over, wincing as he sees Cass’ disappointed face. “Why don’t we take a break before you spend all your money.”
The poor child has an obsession with the bubbles, pouring almost the entire container of soap into the water with Cass, who had only seemed amused and delighted with the attention, and began swishing his hands to make more bubbles.
He wishes for the privacy of the bunker so that they would talk after.
“Cass.” He breathes.
Castiel cocks his head, wondering. Dean’s hands feel around in the darkness and the bottle of lubricant slams into his chest.
He reaches back, barely summoning enough energy to cradle the mallet and set it beside him.
His eyes bug out as he really focuses on the car. It’s shaking, and rocking as though experiencing an earthquake. But everything else around them is still. The glasses are fogged up, though Dean’s pretty sure he knows what’s going on.
“Just tell me what you did. We
“Because I couldn’t, Sam!” he snaps, lifting his head. Dean’s eyes burn with anger.
“Dean is my big brother. I’ve known him forever.” Sam says with conviction. “I know about the bond you two have. And I know how deep it runs…” he gives Cass a pointed look. “For both of you.”
Dean feels giddy as they head down to the garage. So far Cass is exceeding his expectations and he doesn’t expect that to stop.
After he feels the cold wetness slinking up his leg.
“So, you ready to test your theory?”
“I love you though.” Dean offers.
Looking up, Castiel examines his face, searching for any traces of a lie. ‘Then why did you make me leave?’ but the question never sees the light of day.
Music doesn’t feel right. So Sam just leaves the glasses down and drives them in silence.
He doesn’t want to think of Sam, who had to kill his brother just to save the world – to convince Chuck to leave. He hated every second of their deliberation, going so far as to try and stop them. But Dean knows him well. His trap backfired and Castiel was the one trapped in a ring of holy fire.
“Yeah.” Dean says, stowing the panic for now. “Your assets. Your ass, mainly.”
“Io-iad.” The final word… uttered at long last.
“So you just left me?” Sam panics. There’s something that he should say – and fast. He can tell Cass is one bad look away from just leaving again. But for the life of him, Sam can’t remember what he’s supposed to say.
“But what about your feelings?” Castiel finds himself asking. “You say you aren’t sure.”
“That we’ll always be friends Cass.” Dean says in defeat. “This can’t work if I’m going to doubt you for the rest of my life. You – your need to help people. That’s one of your best qualities and I don’t want to begrudge you for it. But I need to look out me. Staying friends is safer.”
“Dean.” He replies.
“Are you – is this like what you told me in that motel? After purgatory? That you’d… off yourself?” Castiel smiles gently at Dean’s attempt at communication. His confusion is preferable to any – other emotions.
“Dean has some grown up stuff to do. You’re with me tonight.”
Cass stumbles and Dean reaches around to wrap an arm around his torso, preventing him from falling.
“Because of that book,” Dean says. “As long as he has it, he can’t be allowed to leave. I don’t think he wants to leave anyway.”
“Talk. Speak. Throw some food.” Dean begs. “Anything!”
His everything.
And his anger slams into him again with full force, ploughing through the hurt and disappointment he feels.
But what about the Mark?
This Dean doesn’t have a soul.
Dean, to his credit, just sits there, looking on intently, but otherwise seeming unphased by the new development.
“Dean…” he swallows. “What would you have said.”
“Then you’ll get fat.” Sam retorts stretching and yawning loudly.
It’s nice and quiet now that Dean and Cass are fast asleep.
He too wears a dazed expression. His head, lolling to one side. Though he’s not short of breath, his lips are pink from rubbing against his. Or maybe it’s his scruff. Either way, Dean is all kinds of turned on.
Whoever has him doesn’t know how to manipulate Dean’s soul to sync it with his emotional state.
If it really were his last night on this earth.
“Okay.” He breathes trying to let his voice remain calm, “You are going to sit here and explain to me what the hell is going on.”
Cass halts his ministrations to pin Dean with a heady yet smug stare. “You seem to be enjoying this quite a bit as well Dean.” He punctuates each word with a slow grind into Dean’s pelvis that has moans ripping out of his throat. Somehow, he’d gotten hard. And Cass had most definitely noticed.
Rolling his eyes, he stands, “Squirrel.” Then he nods to Castiel, “Acorn.”
“Look… I know everyone keeps saying what a good couple you make but it’s all about what you think Cass. You can even think that you would be great and no go through with this. There’s no obligation. Dean will understand that.”
“What?” Castiel feels the air shift between them.
“You got something to say to me?”
“Where does Dean sleep?” he asks dumbly.
“Sam I would never…” Cass splutters, his eyes darting to and fro. “I would never wish any malice towards Dean. I promise.”
He stares at this world’s Dean and shakes his head sadly, “I’m sorry you feel this way Dean, but I’m going to save you anyway.” With that he grabs the nearest stack of books on Dean’s desk and sweeps out of the room.
Well, today is the day that changes. Even though he knows that rationally, Dean doesn’t know what he does and isn’t to blame, Sam is ready to strangle him.
“Dean.” He chastises, but his friend only grins.
Castile shakes his head. The wings had their time, but he wants to indulge himself in Dean, experience as much as he can before they’re forced to stop. Dean seems to understand his forlorn expression and once more lowers himself, nudging Castiel’s legs open.
“What’s that supposed to mean.” Dean’s world was slowly tilting off it’s axis. He’d started out with good intentions and the promise to handling this right. Now everything was spiralling out of control. All the problems that they had allowed to fester were stinking and turning the air between them rotten.
When Castiel finds Dean lying flat in the dirt cursing he rushes over fearing the worst.
“I do dumbass.” Dean replies sweetly.
“Does someone else want to do this?”
“I know. Just let me –”
He chokes on his fry, coughing loudly and clutching his throat with one hand. To Dean’s left, Cass is casually looking out the window. His face is a bit redder than usual. Sam supposes he shouldn’t have mentioned Dean’s… thing… so casually. At least, they don’t have to worry about Cass being too happy right now. Between Dean’s dry heaves and whatever emotions Cass must be going through because of Sam’s little joke, he’s safe from all cosmic entities.
Unfortunately, Cass doesn’t share his giddy enthusiasm. He just seems even more confused.
What does he think he’s doing? Sam is already so suspicious. This is just making it worse.
Sam wants to wish him well too. But the last thing he wants is to make Dean feel self conscious or cause him to pull away.
easily.
“I do.” He says. “He’s… reconnected with Eileen.” Castiel smiles as he remembers the couple. “I feared for him… in the days after your-” He breaks off, looking away, pictures of Dean’s lifeless body flash through his mind. Sam had been the one to do it. And he’d been destroyed in the aftermath, regretting every moment after his decision. “He’s actually the one who told me to try – this. Coming to heaven.”
When he gets out of the Impala he can feel his legs tremble. Dean had been all but dead. A few more seconds and he would have bled out or the shock would have killed him. Bringing him back from the brink had severely sapped Castiel’s powers.
“We’re going to…” Dean bites his lip in anticipation. Cass is going to
Now that they’re all back at the bunker though, it settles down. They can all retire to their respective hide outs. Dean vows to keep an oath of silence until they figure out how to break the spell and Cass doesn’t seem very talkative either.
Anger jolts him to his feet to point accusingly at the man.
“It’s nice to see you too Sam.” Cass says brightly and Sam just glares at him
“He did.” Cass replies. “He wants this.”
Chuck looks at him then, almost sadly. “Oh, Cass.” He whispers sadly. “You always did try to do the right thing.”
Lucifer whorls angrily. “Stop playing with that toy, puppy. It’s not for you.”
Numbly, he rubs his fingers together.
oblivious.
He’s about to tell Cass just that when Cass beats him to the punch. “Of course I want you to Dean.” He says, and Dean can feel his desire simmering between them. “But I don’t want you to do it out of some sort of misguided gratitude. I want you to do it when you’re ready.”
On a good day, Dean is oblivious.
Damnit he forgot about Cass. He’s dropped the cup and tears are running down his cheeks. This time, not even Dean’s words are enough to calm him. He sits not one foot away from the shards of broken glass, wailing and shoving Dean away. He tries and tries to talk to him but nothing breaks though his grief.
“Dean?” his concern increases as he hears the rushing sounds again, muffling Dean’s words.
Dean had reconciled himself with the fact that Cass is human for the foreseeable future. And he’d set down roots, roots that had wrapped themselves around the angel. If he left… Sam can’t imagine what Dean would do.
“The Angel Tablet is broken. Irreparable.”
“You missed all the excitement last night.” He says passively, ignoring her question.
Breathing hard, Sam leans against the nearest wall for support. If Jody hadn’t called him,  then who had Dean spoken to last night?
Of course, Castiel should have known his luck wouldn’t allow him even a moment of peace. Of course, after years of ignoring their existence, Dean chooses
Dean gives him a crooked smile. “It’s okay.” The words are whispered, barely audible from behind Dean’s jacket.
“I guess.” Dean says. “You know, it’s my first time doing this right. So um, don’t get your hopes up.”
Ramiel had ordered him to never come back and finding Dagon would be a bitch. Asmodeus had always been the most power hungry of the three. He had openly opposed Lucifer many times, he could be the piece they had been missing in their rebellion all this time.
He should have seen this coming.
Who thought that Crowley of all people would be the one to lecture Dean on right and wrong. He’s wrong.
“No.” Sam says. “
Flipping him over only makes Dean’s heart stutter. It’s easy to say that he just passed out. But it’s not so easy to actually believe it when Dean has seen this expression on Cass’ face before. When he lay in the mud, the silhouette of his wings seared into the ground… his face had looked like this too.
Sam paces the halls slowly, trying to retrace his steps. It’s… something is just wrong and so horribly disturbing, but massively important.
“Is that something you want to do?”
Before he even has a chance to chew, Dean is on him. “What do you think?”
“I got you.” he murmurs, stroking his hair as his friend gets back to himself.
Except… something’s wrong.
Sam… he thinks he understands what’s happening here.
“I’m surprised that you didn’t stay.”
Tethering the box to his waist he lets himself be dragged into the ocean.
“I wasn’t.” Dean says truthfully, which only causes Cass to stare at him, pissed. “I was worried that Sam would try to kill you too.”
Crowley just sighs, shaking his head. “Not yet. But soon.”
Neither of them move for what seems like an eternity. Dean’s fingers press against his lips and he looks at Castiel so intently that the angel feels close to combusting.
“Stop looking at me like that, Sam!”
“That’s great!” Sam says, “Put me on –”
Well, win some lose some.
“Of course not.” He seems almost amused. “But… what I
Sam knocks on his door, a copy of
Just as he’s shoving the pearl into his pocket, wanting to let them all have a moment to think clearly about the situation, Cass topples into him sending him crashing into the wall.
“I’m never the one who leaves, Cass.”
“Yeah, I know that now. But still, it feels cruddy when you just leave.” Dean admits, rubbing at his brow to hide his expression
“Um, yes.” Jacks says. “In the kitchen making bacon.” He holds out a piece of bacon, wrapped in a napkin. “This is for you.”
Dear God, he’s doomed.
“Cass is family.” Sam argues.
Running out of things to distract himself, he finally gathers enough courage to swipe away the layer of condensation and look. The image is still distorted but to be honest it probably make things look better. Red, splotchy, raised lesions cover his face. This had never happened when he was human. About ten in total, dispersed over his cheeks and forehead mostly. Looking closer, some were red and some were purple. There were even some that had flattened and turned a brownish hue.
“Dean.”
And maybe Sam
Now Cass is the one who looks away. “I have some unfinished business in heaven.”
And the most hideous beard he’d ever seen.
But Dean still isn’t answering his phone and Cass is a lost cause when it comes to technology and Mom is asking if Dean is feeling better and Sam’s mind in a kerfuffle.
Dean Winchester.”
“Come here you filthy bastard!” Dean growls as Sam scampers for a knife of his own.  “Where’s the real Cass?”
Dean shuts his eyes in time to miss the blood spatter, but not quickly enough to miss the look in Cass’ eyes as he died. Not Cass, he reminds himself even as his friend’s body falls lifelessly on top of him.
It just means that they’re on the same page, that they can be more open.
But then if he gets Dean under his thumb, that would be a sort of power. Dean calls the shots. Controlling a Winchester would bring him major bragging rights and help solidify his place on the throne. If he has Dean wrapped around his finger, Sam won’t be left with many options.
“Why would she say that?”
“Hey.” He calls behind his shoulder. “This ain’t on you.”
Cass’ face falls. “You still think I’m using your brother.” he stammers, “Nothing has changed between us.”
“No.” Sam informs him, shifting his weight a little. “You do Cass. You smell like dirty laundry.”
Dean feels sick. This mirrors the conversation he and Cass had on the witch’s porch. The pleading on Castiel’s face is heart wrenching, especially when coupled with the confusion and betrayal etched all over Dean’s face.
Cass just nods, turning to his task.
His face must betray him because Dean’s expression turns sour and he quickly looks away.
Who would have thought that he would want – much less need – personal space?
“No.” He says, testily, “If I were being a drama queen, I’d be smacking you all against the wall like you’re a piñata.”
“Worth a shot.” Cass shrugs, settling into the seat.
This is can’t stand, he needs… some boundaries. Something. He shuts the bathroom door in loudly, letting the panic take root.
“Michael.” He snarls.
“Very taxing my ass.” Dean growls, “Did you… concoct all of this just so – to prove me wrong.”
“Because the one thing I want… it’s something I know I can’t have.”
“A cure then.” Proposes Dean, latching onto the idea.
The set-up is a funeral. Not a hunter’s funeral but a more traditional one. But, the thing is, there’s no body to be seen. And in Castiel’s knowledge, for a funeral, you need a corpse. They’re all wearing tuxes for some reason, too. Dean forced them all into the tight outfits, calling it ‘necessary.’
“Castiel.” Mary nods as she exits the bathroom. He remembers when Sam had explained that women, and Sam apparently, usually feel the need to spend copious amounts of time in the bathroom priming and pampering themselves.
“Do you… um… what was your state of mind… when you actually touched the pearl?”
Dean has no choice but to shut his eyes against the onslaught of pleasure.
Mary frowns as she enters the room. Sam is just standing there, glaring down at Crowley. His hands are clenching and unclenching. It looks like he’s seconds away from throttling the demon. Not that she can blame him, Crowley has been a constant pest; singing the strangest of songs and jingling his chains to the beat.
Unsurprisingly, Cass and Sam both aren’t in a very festive mood after seeing Dean like that. But Sam still makes an effort to amuse him, reading more kids books. Like ‘Cat In A Hat.’ He’s pretty sure that the next time Dean takes Cass shopping, he’ll want at least one hat. Sam smiles. He’d look pretty adorable in a hat.
Tapping his chin, Cass actually seems to consider that. “It’s because of the way your soul reacts when you lie to me.”
Till he lost Cass. It had been somewhere between the tomatoes and the honey that he first noticed the lack of a trench-coated figure shadowing him.
“An opportunity for me to lose my mind.” Dean mutters.
“Damnit.” He mutters, fisting his hands to stop the shaking. “You scared me Dean.”
His face is pressed inches from Cass’ his ears right near the angel’s lips. “I’ve already forgotten Sammy’s voice. And sunshine and birds. What if after a few thousand years I forget everything about my life and my family? What if I go crazy and – and Michael takes over. I’ll kill you. What if he leaves me behind the wheel afterwards and I have to sit here for eternity with your corpse?”
Dean doesn’t seem angry when he gets in. The radio is humming a soft tune and Dean taps along nodding to Castiel as he enters.
Something his brother doesn’t hear often enough. He’s sick and tired of everything telling Dean he isn’t intelligent. His brother is one of the smartest people he knows. He might be impulsive sometimes, but it’s always for the right reasons. To save someone. And what he’s most tired of, it Dean believing them.
“Yawn fest.” Gabriel chirps from inside his ring of holy fire. “You’re really gonna make us listen to the bad guy’s winning speech drivel.”
Cass nods then ambles over to the side of Dean’s bed. He slides the door open and casually takes out the bottle of lube before walking over to Dean and setting it down.
There had been another thing that made the urge unbearably strong: when Garth and Betty were dancing. In their house, surrounded by three beautiful children. They were stronger together. A unit.
“We’re good, Dean.” Cass assures, seeming emboldened by the words.
Jack is safe at least. Castiel can take solace in the fact that he has one less person to worry about. Whatever her plan, Billie needs Jack.
“Was it good?” Cass asks his voice sounding surprisingly jagged.
“You taste delicious.” Cass murmurs, his words sending vibrations straight down his dick. There’s a touch of surprise in his voice too, as though he hadn’t expected to like it.
“Positive. Go.”
Sam squeezes the bridge of his nose.
“Cass is still Cass. He won’t do anything stupid.”
“Dean?”
He shifts his glass slightly, to clink against Dean’s. “I always come when you call.”
“Hey kid.” Dean greets him. “Want some bacon.”
“Then why did I hear him coughing in his room? He seemed really tired yesterday too.” he says with a small pout.
“I just don’t get it,” Sam whispers. “You say you’re not here for Dean… but that just doesn’t make sense to me.”
Face darkening, he turns and casts the spoon aside his eyes widening as he lands on Michael. “He happened.” His voice is thin, devoid of its previous rush and excitement.
They drive in silence for a while before Dean speaks up, “You know I love Baby. But right now I’m sick of her.” he sighs, “About – all those… things… that I saw –”
Dean’s pretty sure his eyebrows just blasted off into space.
Cass clamps his hand over his mouth then, his eyes going wide in horror as he stares accusingly at Dean. Without a word, he turns on his heel, his hand still covering his mouth and makes a hasty exit.
Cass is leaving.
He feels his head loll back as Crowley manhandles him. It turns everything upside down, but gives him an unimpeded view of Dean who is bringing up the rear.
“What was the hex bag for?” Castiel’s voice is even. Not angry or disappointed. “What about the bone” I know what dried blood looks like.
He wakes, strapped to a bed.
Silence.
“You too Cass?” Dean asks.
“Please.” He begs.
“Where is Dean?” he whimpers, his eyes already starting to water. Okay. At least he isn’t screaming.
It gives him a thrill, that some part of him is inside Cass. Soon to be expunged by the angel’s ‘digestive system,’ but there nevertheless.
“Damnit!” Sam turns away, “Fine. But you hang back. Stick with Crowley. And you don’t die.”
“Which do you prefer?” Cass asks, his expression guarded.
Dean focuses on the here and now, until he finds the weight in his hand gone. Until he feels the cold spot on his shoulder, from where Cass’ head was.
Tripping, he falls flat on his face in the grass. “What the hell?” he demands, turning to Michael who seems irritated more than with him.
“Oh.” Dean says sheepishly.
“Yes Sam. What kind of idiot can’t remember a two-step plan?”
Maybe things are different between Cass and him and him and Sam. But that doesn’t matter. Cass is still family. And who cares what strangers think? And Sam must have been teasing. Dean knows his friend, and he knows the limits of their bond.
Castiel wraps their hands together once more, this time, adding his own flare by kissing each finger tip. This time, Dean is the one left to watch, entranced as Cass stares unblinkingly at him while playing with his hair. Don’t even mention the way his fingers slide down Dean’s cheek down to his neck.
Feeling Dean start to rise, Castiel’s hand shoots out, grabbing his arm. “Get this one Dean.”
“Should I – stop?”
“Man, come on.” He prods, “That last one wasn’t too bad. From what Michael said, other Dean is coming back. They get to live as happily ever after as they could be.”
Sam huffs and pushes the cart past them. Hmm.
“So get this.” Alternate Sam says, “Dean over there, got all hopped up on the Mark of Cain, he scalped Cass in the library then, when he saw what he’d done, he scoured the earth for the Colt and gave himself a round to the brain. Which, y’know, released the darkness. So she and Chuck are battling it out. If you stick around long enough, this place just might explode.”
Castiel’s insistence and certainty quells Dean’s uncertainty somewhat.
“I agreed to… mutual satisfaction.” Dean grits out finally when the silence begins to stretch. He doesn’t know why but the direction this conversation is taking is giving him chills and a dry mouth. Which is kinda counterproductive if Cass wants to squeeze in some quality kissing.
But he did dig up a grave. He’s earned his burger ten times over.
Dean winces in sympathy. “It’s a hell of a lot better than what we’ve got in my world.”
He doesn’t  want to reveal too much, too soon. In the even that Dean really is just confused, he doesn’t want to lay all his cards on the table and left in the cold like a fool.
Dean doesn’t want to hear that. Right now he doesn’t want to hear a damn thing from Cass.
“He won’t leave Dean.” Sam promises. “It’s highly likely that he’ll remember his time as a child. He won’t leave when he knows what you did for him.”
“You’d stop?” he asks. “Just like that?”
Michael’s jump is just as sudden as always; no regard to the fact that Dean just threw up his liver in ‘Dean and Cass land.’ Of course, Cass had turned out to be Cassie, but wow, the shock had almost killed him. He thought that maybe this trip could give him and Cass some time to mend their wounds and find each other again. But seeing their greatest hits plastered across each time line only reminds him of their countless mistakes.
“We’re gonna get your grace back. Sam and Crowely are on it.” he pauses for a breath, “They’ll call me as soon as they find a lead. But… uh, Cass, I’m headed to a place in Minnesota. It’s peaceful and a good place for you to get your sea legs back… there’s even a milk run of a case too. But if you want to go back, help with the search. I’ll turn us around.”
“I don’t think there’s a way to fix this,” Cass sounds resigned.
Because this is the lesser of two evils. He won’t let Cass just be sent away to be tortured in solitude for eternity. Nothingness is better.
“Cass.” He winces thinking about just how much worse his next words will make things. “Can you ask Michael… to ask Michael to bring Dean back.”
“Why.” Dean says knowingly. “You want to know why I’m happy.”
“Dean!” Cass moans. “Dean – Dean something i-is happening.”
A big thank you to
He approaches Dean like a wounded animal, which, yeah, he basically is and gives him the same chummy smile he had before being dragged away.
Dean, on the other hand, looks almost horrified at the hundreds of people casually milling around. Some were dressed as Sam or Dean, others as Bobby and even some in a black suit which he presumes represents Crowley. To his amazement, some people have chosen his traditional suit, tie and trench-coat combo.
That breaks the mood somewhat.
“I was being stupid.” He mutters, letting his hands wander. “Think I can fix that today.”
Realising his effort, Cass sighs and bows his head. “Dean, I’m sorry.” He whispers. “I don’t mean to disturb you. This is just so confusing.”
Cass laughs. “You may find this ironic Dean… did you know that many people refer to erections as boners.”
The tiny, white, spherical, object… that can be nothing but the missing pearl.
“I’ll remember that.”
“I couldn’t
Dean swallows, reaching for his wine glass to buy himself a moment. “You always apologise. I always forgive you.” he thinks of all the times it had happened.
"I'm not." But his voice shakes.
“Sure.” He chirps, picking at his nails. “That glare you’ve been giving them for the past few minutes just screams ‘friendly check-up time.’”
“Do you think they’re together?” Sam wonders as he follows Jody to the hall. He knows this route. It’s the way to Dean’s room.
“The moving truck says they’ll be by in a few hours.” Comments Dean. He’d ditched his suit jacket as soon as they’d drifted away from civilization. Such a
Sam expects an uproar. For Dean to rage and demand to know.
Smiling, he wonders why he ever thought sitting here with Dean like this would change anything. “Or some bullshit.” He whispers.
it ever happened before?
They seem happy in each other’s presence, laughing and talking like old friends. Castiel can’t understand the mechanics of it. Angels and demons may join forces on occasion, but never… never has an angel sat with a demon, sipping wine and laughing wildly.
“That’s it?” he wonders, peering over his friends shoulder. There aren’t even that many bubbles.
Dean traces the edges on one carefully, snatching his fingers back as some of the words are revealed. ‘
Dean’s love returned - not in the way he would like. That’s okay. It’s enough for him to say it. To say the words after these long years. To have Dean
“Cass.” He coos, “It’s going to be fine. Dean is coming back in less than a minute.”  If he prays hard enough.
“No. No.” Sam assures, still looking at him curiously. Like he’s one of those weird crosswords Sam likes to solve. “It’s just, I thought you and Cass should go to dinner alone. Capitalise on your time together. It’s already making you this happy.”
Castiel studies him for a moment. “You made the wrong choice though – the selfish choice.” Dean gulps. “I wish you would have done the same thing here.”
*v()v*
But Castiel?
“I love you.” Dean whispers, cracking his eyes open.
What a hoot.
“Yeah. We did one thing for you; now we do one thing for me.”
fun.” Cass glares at him. “I don’t want to play the shadow game.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Look.” Cass points straight ahead and is already marching away.
Dean blinks in confusion at Michael and glances back to Castiel.
Castiel makes his way out of the room. He finds Sam exactly where he expects - in the library with a book in his lap.
Castiel smiles.
For the most part, Dean listens silently, letting him get it all out, his expression turning darker with each passing word.
“Alright Dean.” He says, “As soon as we kill this shifter I’ll destroy the car.
He hadn’t made it to the halfway mark but as he progresses, Dean finds that the information gets more detailed. So detailed that he had wanted to ask Chuck to take these books out of circulation. They’re too revealing and any enemy could get their hands on it easily. A book so detailed should say
Taking Cass out for a real date would get them caught. That’s where his plan comes in.
“Hey. If you need some time to recuperate… just say the word. We can talk anytime.” So don’t leave, are his unspoken words.
“Wow.”
Slow but steady. Dean is opening up to him. And he can let himself open up to Dean too.
Silently panicking at being caught, Dean shoves the book in his jacket and pins Cass to the nearest cabinet with one swift move, pressing their lips together in what he hopes is passion.
Petrified couldn’t quantify how he felt walking out of that bathroom. Usually, simulation Dean would lay into him, tearing him apart. But Dean had greeted him like a friend. And it means the world to Castiel.
Ramiel.
Dean laughs. “Cass. I love you. I hope you remember this.”
Reaching around him, Dean opens the Impala’s passenger door and gestures for him to get inside. Castiel doesn’t miss the way Dean’s fingers tremble and how jerkily he moves into the driver’s seat. Dean’s nervousness only heightens his dread.
“The plan.” Lucifer winks “Pretty good plan from the Winchesters, I have to admit it. Top – notch stuff. Nothing like their usual drivel. Recruiting my brother to quite literally stab me in the neck while I’m distracted? Ouch. I actually
Dean hits enter and swallows as a whole bunch of articles pop up. It seems like they focus on when the
Dean hadn’t dared crack his eyelids open. He could bare to see those once vibrant blue eyes, turn dull and inert.
Castiel cringes at the tone. It’s unlike the Crowley he knows to whine in such a manner.
“Hello.” He says tentatively, watching as his from comes more and more into view.
And despite his recent orgasm, he still feels high.
“Finally.” It’s disembodied voice drifts over.
Cass out on a date without Sam noticing. And no way is he resorting to sneaking out of the bunker like a couple of teenagers. Especially since the obnoxiously loud bunker door would give them away immediately. Not to mention that Sam’s favourite spot to read is near the stairs.
Oh. Oh…
Sam winces, “We don’t. Cass is in there.”
“I can’t even imagine how you feel right now and I won’t disrespect you experience by pretending. It must have been awful Dean but you have to know… I don’t want you to do it again. I never wanted you to in the first place.”
With Crowley – he’d hurt Sam and Dean still forgave him. He literally left them to clean up his mess and Dean forgave him. He worked with Sam behind his back and they got Charlie killed and Dean forgave him. He chose Kelly over then and Dean forgave him. He died like an idiot and when he got back he kept secrets again and Dean forgave him. He didn’t let him know that Jack wasn’t all there and then his mother died because of that and Dean would have forgave him. But then he check out first chance he got and Dean realised… Cass keeps leaving. And Dean keeps forgiving him.
And Dean wants to believe that. He does. But his mind can’t comprehend the words ‘sorry’ and ‘Cass’ in the same sentence.
“It isn’t poisoned.” Anathema says to him, seeming more amused rather than offended.
“Righto.”
Why was it always them?
Unconsciously, her eyes flit over to Castiel. It’s just for a second, but Dean picks it up right away. “Friggin’ hell Cass!” he punches the immovable angel. Dean lowers his voice but Mary can still hear just enough, “I’m full frontal in there Cass, and you gave it to my
Sam is just about ready to pitch a fit when Dean and Cass casually roll in hours later than they should have. The words die on his tongue though as the scent hits him. It’s … flowery? He exhales sharply wanting to make sure is isn’t hallucinating the smell. Nope. Still there and getting stronger by the minute. It’s almost like it’s seeping from their skin.
Feeling Cass’ nod of assent, he perches on the edge of the bed and lightly touches the bluest feather he can find.
“No!” he snaps. “You won’t hurt me. And- and if you do… I
“Cass wants me to do it.”
After all he’s done to conceal it, Dean knows. Sometimes he liked to daydream, imagine having the courage to tell Dean. Of course, in his fantasies, Dean’s always happy and returns his feelings. They’d give him hope and he’d go to find Dean, his confession on the tip of his tongue. The furthest he’d ever made it was tapping the hunter on the shoulder. He could never find the words to tell him properly, but Chuck had dashed that possibility aside. Castiel knows in real life, Dean’s reaction will be somewhat more subdued and more likely than not, negative.
His eyes shutter, with understanding and maybe pity. “I’m sorry.”
When Sam comes too, Dean is standing above him fanning him with an old lore book that only makes him want to sneeze. He looks around for… the child only to come up empty.
Dean makes it one step before Cass bursts into tears, but despite no one holding onto him, he doesn’t chase after Dean.
And no one could ever deny the worth of this. Not Dean. No one. Because it does mean something: a true expression of trust whether Dean had meant it that way or not.
His eyes trial off. Cass really feels like this? No wonder he said yes. They hadn’t let him know how much he meant. How much they would miss him if he died. Things would be different, Dean decides. He had the book. He had the know how. And most importantly, he cares about Cass.
Silence. Castiel half expects a chuckle from Dean. But any mirth – any expression at all is swiped off Dean’s face.
No. He backspaces that immediately.
Castiel screams with rage as the signal fluctuates, “No! I’ll look for you. I’ll look forever. And when I find you… I will strap you down in the dungeons.”
“Yea, we're up there with all the other bullshit.” Dean deadpans.
“Wait!” he yells. “Let – Lemme think – I ca -”
Cass rocks back and forth on the bed.
“Right.” Mutters the oldest Winchester, “Just leave me here like this then.”
“I know you did Dean.” He breathes out, “And I’m forever grateful to you. I know you did the best you could but you know as well as I do that this isn’t the right place for Cass.”
“The same thing happened to me.” He says at last. “I saw you at my door, I thought you came to look for me… I let you in.”
Breathing out harshly, Dean finds himself clinging to a new hope. “We can wish our way out of here. Maybe even gank Chuck in the process.”
“You have a very rough personality.”
Angels can’t have headaches.
“Morning sunshine.” Dean says with a smirk.
Castiel pulls him down for another scorching kiss as he pops the bottle cap open. He drizzles a bit onto Dean’s fingers and closes his eyes as Dean slowly works him open. It starts with a few careful touches, just along his rim, not yet dipping in. More lube and Dean is breaching his hole ever so slightly.
“Dean,” Cass whispers, his voice heavy with emotion. Sure, Sam had told him some of this stuff, but hearing it from Dean must be more profound. “First of all, thank you. For taking care of me and for being so willing to raise me. I know that mustn’t have been easy for you, given our fight was just a few hours before.”
“You’re back.” Dean comments.
The retort is on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but Mary manages to reel him in with a motherly touch. “Why don’t we ask Castiel.”
But he’d been angry.
It must have been because of the stimulation. The excitement of having his long-time fantasy fulfilled.
“Good morning Dean.” Castiel says, wincing at how loud his voice sounds in the silence.
forget the pie Sammy.”
“I feel pretty damn good, Cass,” Dean says in a sultry voice.
Cass stares at him for a long moment. “Minute four.” He says dejectedly.
his book. He’d intentionally kept it hidden in here. Castiel remembers, at the gas station, how desperate Dean had been to keep him out of the compartment and his flimsy excuse about ‘strange condoms.’ How long had he had this? Since before the case? Before their first kiss?
When the intensity has faded to a bearable level, Dean lowers the arm he was using to shield his eyes. What he sees shocks him to his core, in fact, he almost thinks he’s hallucinating.
Castiel seems to consider this, cocking his head and peering down at Dean.
“You don’t like it?” Dean pouts, his shoulders slumping.
As expected, Dean laughs, clapping him on the shoulder. “Please don’t.”
They cash and after Samuel Price buys Cass a small fortune in clothes, toys and supplies, they head out for a late night snack.
And nothing had changed.
As the words leave Crowley’s lips, he sees a flush plaster itself across the angel’s face.
“Good.” Says Dean. “Then kiss me. Because I’m in love with you.”
This new world, though, it looks promising. There are literally some daises on the side of the road. It’s the apple pie life Dean always wanted. White-picket fence and all. The approach the small house as a group and Dean is pretty sure they look like criminals on the prowl. On the way in his eye catches the mail-box, printed in clear letters are two names:
“Where’s the pie?” Sam’s face pales and he fumbles with his hands.
Swallowing, he sidesteps a wider piece of debris.
Cass is gone.
The compliment makes Dean preen, his ears flushing a light pink.
“Who knew what good ole Castiel kept hidden under his pillow?” Crowley quips. “I expected a dildo, some pictures of Dean but this was a pleasant surprise.”
His hands grip and release the wheel a few times before he turns directly to face Dean.
“You started it.” Dean fires back.
They drive on an old dirt road and the tires splat mud everywhere because of the shower earlier. But it
His brother looks on the verge of an explosion. Cass sees it too.
And despite the tears in his eyes and the vulnerability in his voice, Dean’s never seen his friend happier than in that moment. “
Or it could be the biggest story to ever hit hell.
“I know.” He says, sweetly, his eyes lighting up before leaning down to give Dean's dick all the attention it needs.
“We had sex!” Castiel screams it to the empty room. He slouches against the wall. The empty room in this scenario had almost been Dean. What would he have done then?
Dean frowns at him. “What does that mean? Wait, sorry-”
But he can’t leave Dean standing outside either, not when the hunter made an effort to come find him after Cass had been so sour.
Dean’s eyes are wide as he stares at Castiel in absolute horror. He rolls his eyes, “Dean, stop over reacting, I’m just trying to make myself more presentable.”
Dean and his habits.
“I think what Dean’s getting at, is… why didn’t you trust us?” Sam glances to Dean for confirmation and Dean nods his approval. “We – we would have dropped everything to help you get out of this, Cass.”
He laughs. “Sure.”
“Normal.” He repeats, squaring his shoulders. “I’m normal. I’m
Sam breathes a sigh of relief as Cass points to the sand box. Dean pouts as he leaves the monkey bars but heads over to Cass.
look at him like that… hopes he never does actually. And – and Cass likes his clothes, what kind of screwed up reasoning is that?
How long have they been here? For that to happen?
Dean wishes that this case could be over. He want to get back to the bunker. Maybe put some white drapes and Christmas lights up like the books suggests. White, silver and gold. Blue is supposed to be comforting too, like the sky.
“Dean.”
He knows it isn’t true. Not really.
It washes off some of the dysmorphia he feels from the last place.
Dean licks his lips and turns, blowing the dust off of an old record player.
“Just think about it.” Dean pleads. “Think about Cass and I and just… don’t hold back.”
“Try me pie!” Dean splutters as the spoon is shoved in his mouth.
“Why are you looking at Dean on your computer?” he questions.
In the soul that he pieced together, slowly falling more and more in love with it as time moved on. He sees the turmoil in Dean’s soul, the rage but he
“What?” he demands, throwing the blanket off. “What? What do you want Cass?”
“Don’t say anything yet.” He whispers. “I know ten years is a long time. I know things can get frustrating and that all those years of waiting might have brought on a sense of urgency. But Cass,” Dean strokes cups his cheek with his free hand, using his thumb to brush at the longer grains of hair. “time isn’t running out for us. We’re doing this. Finally. Let’s do it right. I know I just sprung this on you and that wasn’t fair of me. So think about it alright… then, only when you’re ready, you come back and tell me what comes next.”
Sighing, Castiel shuts off the light and climbs into the right side of the bed, closer to the window. It took up most of the wall and Dean had wanted to draw the curtains but Castiel had convinced him otherwise. He misses the moon, the stars and the warmth of the sun. He to be woken up by the sun in all it’s glory and serenaded by the sounds of nature, singing and chirping to welcome the new day. Animals were hardly ever sad. They lived in the moment and were satisfied by what they could have. They knew their place. Unlike Castiel.
Dean had said almost everything that he had wanted him to say, but something still feels missing.
“You think we should be bubbles instead of boyfriends?” Dean teases.
Mary nods in agreement. Though… there hasn’t been much romance in the books so far. Nothing that had lasted long in any case. She feels a twinge in her heart at how much her boys had been through.
He’s obviously
how many times I’ve had to course correct because you just couldn’t kill him?” he points to Castiel accusingly.
“If he has them.” Michael interjects before Adam has a chance to finish. “I won’t save them.”
“Eavesdropping,” Crowley raises his eyebrow. “I like this side of you, Moose.”
Sam wracks his mind. A love confession would have stood out to him. Maybe it had been something subconscious. An action that showed love… but there were so many of those…
Dean feels much nicer against him dry, he realises, tracing a gentle finger down Dean’s face.
Allowing himself a few more minutes to savour the closeness Castiel just shuts his eyes and lets himself feel Dean’s warmth, the soft tickle of his hair and the way he seems completely at ease in Castiel’s arms.
Cocking his head, he tries to think of a way to diffuse the situation, “It means, Dean,” he begins, “That I enjoy being with you… in any capacity.”
. Sure, there were some triplets but Crowley and I never-”
Cass is silent for a long time. Dean can see the thousands of thoughts running through his head. They’re the exact thoughts Dean has right now.
Cass is fuming, mom is damn near hysterical and Dean feels frozen. Sam, to his credit, seems to be the only one with a cool head. “Mom, we talked about this.” That had? “What happened to us having some time to relax?
After replying to Sam’s text and telling him to fish them out as soon as possible, Castiel gets on the plane.
“Dean.” He helps his friend into a sitting position, checking for any damage. It’s as he had thought, Micael’s grace had kept his skin from pruning and prevented any air bubbles in his blood.
I'm sorry for making you guys wait so long. I'll try to write more!
“We don’t.”
Sam stares slack jawed at the king sized bed. The
Sam turns so fast he almost gets whip lash.
“But … why?” It’s not like Crowley to just
“You need to look for him Dean.” Cass pleads, “What if he’s lost in bushes like me?”
“Good. Keep the doctor bit on and grab some cowboy boots?”
“We need you to do the duty that you’ve absconded for years!”
He’s almost fifteen minutes early but Dean often comes in a few minutes before to set things up.
“No you’re not.” He says with a dry look.
“Yeah.” He says uncertainly.
He scrambles off the bed. Everything is too much, too tight, too
courses out. His deceit. How he’d stumbled upon the book on their way home from the convention. The fact that the books are tablets; that Sam too, has a book. Crowley’s desire to collect them all for his mystery buyer.
“I’ll give you a hint.” Dean chirps, brightly. “You got one major thing about them wrong.”
you controlling me.”
He heads down the hall, to the source of the noise and freezes dead in his tracks.
“Sometimes I’d dream –” Castiel hears him struggling for breath. He imagines his friend. Alone. Sinking slowly, water rushing in through the cracks and Dean wondering when he’d no longer be able to breathe. Drowning. Dean had told him that Michael kept him underwater while he possessed him. Now it would be the same. Dean would be drowning with Michael. Forever. Trapped alone, at the bottom of some unreachable trench. His heart rate spikes and he has trouble even maintaining his grip on the phone. “I dreamt that I’d be in the box… then my phone would die and I wouldn’t get to call you.”
“You don’t have to say anything.” He assures, not wanting him to think that this is an interrogation. “But I know something is bothering you and… you usually talk to me about this stuff.”
Cass shifts in indecision.
of all people. After all he’d put him through over the last year… he’d do it to save Dean.
“I know you’re a smart guy… and that… you understand that time is of the essence. That you need to let us fix this and get you back to normal.”
Next chapter will feature some Samwena, updates on the search for Castiel's grace and a very suspicious Castiel (he just wants the best for Dean) .
He lets himself savor the moment before asking his next ‘non-question.’
“Sammy.” He says, lowering his gun and rushing into the room. “You’re okay.”
Glancing at him from the corner of his eyes Cass smirks, “Don’t worry Dean, nothing I haven’t seen before.”
“You know what it is,” Dean whispers thinly.
Cass sighs, “I know. He just… he saw me that night…”
Castiel cracks his eyes open to find Dean looking at him closely. His eyes shifting nervously. He hadn’t realised that so much rested that ticket. He swore that he
When Dee remains silent, Sam pins Dean with a glare. “Why does your friend look just like my brother’s little crush?”
At the end of the day, they’re only in this because of the fight Dean and Cass had. There hasn’t been any time for them to sort things out. He knows that Cass needs that attention from Dean. The attention that Dean once gave willingly then took away so suddenly. And Dean needs it too. They need to show each other that they’re both committed to fixing this, that when they rebuild their friendship it isn’t going to be a one man show. In love or not, they complete each other in some indescribable way.
Sam reminds himself.
He sighs, “I dunno what to say Cass. You know I can’t promise that.”
Sam catapults himself forward grabbing onto the coat and the small mass inside it. A child sits there proudly, naked and with bright blue eyes.
“Why are your eyes closed?” Dean cracks them open in time to see Cass inch forward. “And why are your clothes still on?”
Slapping his shoulder, Dean offers a paltry, “You’ll do fine.”
Castiel almost rolls his eyes, “It is very handsome Dean.” His eyes are drawn to the shirt. The colours remind him of the gates of Heaven. Pristine and shining, a true feat of magnificence. “It reminds me of Heaven’s gates.”
“I was practicing.” Castiel says with a pout. “Albeit rather unsuccessfully.”
But other than this one time only hiccup, things have been going swimmingly.
Clearly wanting to chance tack, Dean begins to spout ideas. “What if we figure out what his wish is and then we – I don’t know, fulfil it?”
he needs to settle down?
Kissing him, he’d surely felt something. Mostly confusion. But he’s old enough to understand that relationships aren’t just based on the physical. They connect. He feels like he can talk to Cass about his feelings – albeit not his emotions and feelings
“A cat!”
It makes his heart flutter to know that Dean would bake a pie just for him, the random stranger who broke his window and tried to steal his coffee. But in all fairness, Castiel had never felt happier to spend three hundred dollars on a pane of glass.
“Cass I’m too close.” The words escape, a moan, as Dean presses back into the pillows beneath him.
“Well… technically Sam did. And he takes a little of the top.” He glances over to Sam. “Stingy boy.”
He sets the cup on the table haphazardly and rushes over to Dean’s room.
“It’s just that… what I saw – Sam it didn’t look like just another friendly encounter.”
Dean let this happen. He let Cass go…
His hand flies up and down his cock, his breaths now coming out in pants as he gets even closer to the edge.
Right now, it makes me happy.” Because Dean isn’t pushing him away, because they don’t have the weight of the world on their shoulders, “We’re free Dean… free to be you and me.”
Dean smells something delicious.
“Of course Dean.” He says sincerely. “Anything you need.”
“Of course I did.” He admits. “That was a turning point in our relationship.” It was when he realised that he was in love with Dean. He’d had an inkling before but he only realised it that day. When Dean was the only one he really wanted help from and the way he’d completely misinterpreted Dean’s ‘last night on earth’ line.
“Cass, get inside,” Dean growls. “He won’t kill us. He needs us alive for his crappy ending.”
Falling is such a strange thing without one’s wings. There’s the actual fear of death and sure without his grace, his human vessel would explode on impact. The sight of the ocean rushing up to meet your face isn’t something he’d like to repeat. The piolet had equipped him with a parachute and a warning to get as far as possible before he dropped the box.
Two hundred and seventy three hundred thousand, one hundred and twenty four
“That’s it?” asks Dean with a touch of incredulity.
Swiping his hand across the head he moans at how good it feels now. Belatedly, he notices Dean swallow and shift in his spot.
Taken aback, Sam stumbles for a reply. That period isn’t something he relishes thinking about. They lost all their allies in one fell swoop and Dean wasn’t Dean anymore.
“Can we talk?” he asks. “I know you just said… a lot. But we have to talk so that things never get that bad again.”
Castiel tries, he really tries to visualise the room fully furnished, but he can’t get his mind to stray from Dean’s jubilant, exposed expression of child-like joy. He’s never seen his friend like this. Even when he had been happy it always seemed as though he held some small part of himself back. Now it was out in the open, dancing around this empty room, and Castiel.
“No, Dean,” Sam says, wanting to get back to Dean’s actual conversation with the Shadow. “But this is important. We need to know everything about the Shadow so we can kill it. Or at the very least, get Cass out of his deal. Just give me something–anything. Maybe I can pull on a thread that will unravel everything.”
“I - I never
Is this something related to Cass’ wish? Is it something else entirely? Sam doesn’t know.
“Mom!” Sam exclaims, standing quickly and inserting himself between Cass and mom.
Dean pulls up short at the entrance to the kitchen.
Cass just smiles lovingly at him.
“I think both of you are wrong.” Sam says suddenly, causing Dean to look at him weirdly. “We’re all family here. When we get mad at each other, we don’t just … run off. And Dean, we try to forgive. We’ve all made mistakes. We should all be supportive. Be here. When one of us is mad, Cass, that doesn’t mean that you’re not welcome. When we’re mad, we might want a little space to cool off, but we never want you to leave. Right, Dean?”
Who knew kissing could be so dehydrating. Well, it stands to reason, they’ve both been swapping spit for the past couple hours.
“Who is she Dean?” Sam seems genuinely shocked. “I’m guessing it’s someone we know. But I have no clue. Just like I still have no clue as to why you would need to set-up a funeral to tell us this.”
Cass blinks, clearly surprised.
Dean shakes his head once more, a slight tremble passing through his muscles. “I can’t imagine how, Cass.” He mutters, “I don’t feel comfortable.”
Sam feels like everyone is watching them.
When he’s a safe distance away he calls Sam first. If anyone knows how to help Dean, it would be Sam.
Nodding slightly Castiel manages to swallow before speaking, “That does sound like a typical haunting.”
Castiel clenches his jaw, fully prepared to hear that
Dean gulps, “You good?”
Castiel wants to start this right.
Maybe he should try calling?
Dean opens up almost immediately. His eyes settling on the pie and snatching it before Sam can move his mouth.
Crowley’s eyes flash, the iridescent blue colour that he associates with grace.
But he feels compelled to answer, spell or not. Dean had looked for him the instant he realized something was amiss. That’s all Castiel had hoped for. Maybe he can tell him now, explain that he was tricked in almost an identical way, only his was a siren, who enchanted him with sex.
“Yes.” He whispers, shame coating his voice. “Dean I wasn’t thinking clearly. You – you had just called me from the bottom of the ocean. How was I – how was I supposed to cope?”
“It makes sense.”
Dean’s face twists in pain as the child clamps his jaw down in the finger he’d just been so lovingly sucking. Pulling away and yelping, Dean looks to Sam for support.
“Have you checked the bunker?”
gets Cass out of his room, and tunes in to this ‘minute four’ in the video.
“Hold hands.”
He’s looking at him like he has
“But how did it get your DNA?” Castiel wonders aloud.
The mattress… the mattress was passable.
to stand here and play ‘Guess Who’ with Dean. He doesn’t want to picture the man he’s in love with someone else. He doesn’t want to have to… but he has no other choice. If he leaves now, Dean will know, and he’ll lose Dean’s friendship permanently.
“Forty two hours and forty seven minutes.”
“Once Cassie spilled the plan, finding and tracking you guys was easy. Demon in the devil’s trap, angel in the holy fire. Easy pea-sy, lemon squeeze-y.”
