This wasn't a simple lapse in his judgment. What she detected from the moment Dean walked into her office was the heavy burden of depression weighing him down. The downcast eyes and sullen looks were not new. She had seen these signs before and knew them all too well.
Dean inhaled deeply and diverted his eyes to the window.
"I didn't want you to shelter me all the time when I was a stupid teenager," Dean said softly, gingerly massaging the older man's hands. "But now? All I want is for you to love me whilst letting me live a little. The alcohol thing? Now I understand why you acted the way you did and I'm not upset anymore. Cas, you got to realize that I'm still learning things about being in a relationship with you. We both are and I'm not used to the person I'm with…taking care of me like this."
in the same sentence. And it wasn't as if he felt awkward about joining the discussion, but they might feel like his intrusion was a bit strange.
Sliding the pancakes onto a plate and clipping up the strips of bacon, Cas bravely approached the table and handed Dean's favorite meal over to him with a composed demeanor. However, whilst he handed over the fork, their fingers brushed. Lightly though. But enough to take their breaths away as green eyes widened and blue ones appeared sharper. And in that particular moment, Cas became certain of one thing.
Dean though was far too constipated to form words that would provide a response and so he rigidly sat there with a million doubts and still could not cement any kind of action.
“I do trust you,” Dean said in a pained voice.
"What on earth is—" but before he could continue, the fellow briskly walked off down the hall, never looking back.
“Damn,” Dorothy said in awe, “that’s the best answer…like
always say, right?” Dean’s chest was burdened by hanging on the precipice of a moment where he honestly believed that Castiel was about to break and he would have to compensate for his tongue running away from his brain. Why the older man seemed to be bearing down on the moment was unclear to Dean, but he ascertained that a slight jealousy over his attention stretching too thin might be the culprit.
They came together completely this time without clothes, and the heat was flaring inside their guts, building up like a wave of lava and forcing Dean to back the older man into the soft blue tiled walls. But because he was simply overwhelmed from being dominated several times in a row, Castiel swung them around until Dean was sandwiched between his heaving chest and the wall. Slowly, he rolled their hips together, until the younger man was staring at him, breathless and lips parted and when the actuality of being so intimate with each other rose like a wave inside of their chests, both of them stared as their lips kept dancing closer.
"Show me your wings," Sam folded his arms and scowled.
He wanted that control more than anything else in the world. But he would never allow himself to take over without consent. Not when Castiel was inexperienced and reliant on him to go easy and to be patient and slow.
“They broke up,” Balthazar said quickly and then he dramatically clamped a hand onto his mouth, leaning forward just enough to consider the side of Dean’s face. “Oops. Was I not supposed to mention that?”
“Hang up, I’ll call him back,” and after the younger Winchester complied, Castiel reached for his phone on the couch and immediately his heart did flipflops. If love was supposed to feel so nervous and light-headed and anxious all at the same time then he was quite certain that he was falling and didn’t want to ever let go.
“Well, congratulations,” Sam said, tugging his brother into a hug and then Castiel. “I know the two of you wanted this day to come since you took that walk in the gardens after I ordered you to a few months ago. Now look how fate isn’t such a bitch.”
It reached a point where the hunter was so breathless and so weak, and he still kept releasing himself between them, that Cas held onto him and wouldn't let go. And whilst their lungs were emptied and burned from an absence of air, Dean's eyes flew open and he stared at the ceiling.
“So, I’ll see you in school tomorrow,” Dean said, taking his hands and squeezing them. “Crazy to admit that I’m actually looking forward to going there in the morning because everything’s changed now.”
“Right?” Dean was still breathless and he shook his head when Sam joined them, his long spidery legs dangling over the edge of the roof. “We were almost there. Like half a freaking second away.”
He was
Castiel was having a hard time not falling prey to reading between the lines. After all, he wasn't too clear on what the purpose of the visit was, but he was quite certain of one thing. The Queen was a smart woman who cared a lot about her sons. Most of all, the Duke of York. And if he was invited here on a Monday evening, then the topic would more than likely be about her favorite.
"Dean and I met inside a bar and he was drunk as a fish when I tried to lure him," Amanda was saying, all enthusiastic about the story. And Cas was holding his breath, wondering how in the world fate could be so astonishing to bring the one person who had contributed to his demise in the picture. "When I did get him upstairs, and I was taking off his clothes, he asked me to stop. So of course, I was like why? Then I kept doing it anyway because hello! Hot guy, in my bed. I'm going to so screw him, right?"
"Dammit, Cas," he said in an unsteady tone, "this is hard for me. What if I lose you?"
Dean would sink lower, most obviously.
Whilst washing his hands, the stranger was peeling away every layer, and helping himself to whatever was favorable. And Castiel felt…flushed in that awfully tight leather jacket.
People were quick to defend him, but he couldn't even do that.
He had to suppress his glee after checking in at the Austen Apartments.
. Dean's heart leapt a little and did a happy dance. "Might go with the peanuts. The Skittles, not so much. It's kind of my go to when I'm burning the midnight oil whilst studying. But I can lay off on the sugar for now."
They were in each other's confidence after spending three hours otherwise, and immediately when one would expect words to flow like a river, a comfortable silence settled between them. It was so soothing to simply be in each other's company, to experience the assurance of love, that kind of necessary bond and allow such energy to positively smoothen the kinks. Not that Dean was dwelling in his own dissatisfaction from earlier anymore, in fact those insecurities seemed to be long forgotten now that his socked feet were gently massaged. And whilst Castiel slipped off his gloves and slowly kneaded his thumbs into the arch of the younger man's right foot, he sighed.
JANE AUSTEN,
“I feel like I’m floating,” Dean chuckled when their eyes met. “You realize that you made me come without even getting your hand inside of my pants?”
“Only for like ten minutes.” Green eyes sparkled, knowing well enough that five indeed felt like ten and for obvious reasons. “Jesus, Cas. Where the hell do you get all that energy? It’s like you’re running on energizer batteries.”
He missed that voice. He really did. That gravelly voice that tickled his soul and settled his fears. He missed him so damn much, he was hearing his voice now. Goddammit. Dean realized that he possibly was going entirely insane and maybe dying by a bullet wasn't his ending. But he might die by going totally demented in his own damn room.
He smelled wonderful; fresh and dizzying. And Castiel sighed. "Are the fairy lights a permanent fixture? I recall seeing them strung across this arch."
Cas was staring at him like a deer in the headlights though, arms hanging limply at his sides. The red wool sweater was bunched up around his hips. A slice of skin showed. Perfect, smooth skin. And just around his neck, there was a dust of color where Dean had give new feeling to Cas’ pores. Where he had pressed the most tender kisses and tasted the purest form of bliss. And now, as they faced each other in a newfound light, Dean realized that he loved Cas so much, if he couldn’t have him in his life, then he would fade away.
“We’re just different, Sammy. You and I. And I’ve always supported you broadening your horizons, no pun intended. For me, all I want is right here.”
“He can’t be talking about
The laughter that followed was glorious and needed by Castiel who shook his head and continued to at least try to focus on his research paper that was due the following day. But more pressing matters rested on his mind like Dean’s weakened composure and his abundance of tears. He also feared love, that much was obvious from his responses, displaying a lack of belief in someone actually caring immensely about him.
Dean, after blinking back tears, weakly climbed the staircase and collapsing on his bed and reaching for the lamp, he turned it off and cried softly into his pillow, not really understanding why the tears came so easily.
“I suppose, your Royal Highness. You’ve made it just before the storm.”
Thank you so much for joining me on this journey!
Dean suddenly found his voice. “Me too.”
"Scoot over," Claire nudged his shoulder and smiled as she invaded his personal space; something Dean always detested.
"Eye candy," Gabriel completed with a smile.
“When think of love, I think of you, Cas,” Dean said simply, his voice taking on a rustier quality.
“What are you waiting for?” Castiel was breathless, “for the sky to…burst…and the rains to…wet us?”
"Had I been a woman, he wouldn't have hesitated."
He never wished to wound her, never took advantage of the situation like most guys would have. All of the good mannerism resulted in her disrespect, coloring him as a victim who didn’t understand himself as much as she did. And because he was most certainly angered by the encounter, Dean retreated to his room and remained there for the rest of the day.
“About mom,” Castiel’s blue eyes flicked to the lights sprinkled around the lawns and the walking figures of students heading back home. “Last night she and dad entertained a yelling match for three hours and then he stormed out. Gabriel tried to intervene but he couldn’t change anything.”
Castiel’s gaze rested on the mountains, beautiful under the moonlight through the rain. His eyes absorbed the darkness and appeared like the sea at night, deep and mysterious. “I’m not sure that I can, Dean.”
"I must say this," the older man rushed out, quite odd and staring with those huge pools of blue. "Let me expel my thoughts before they eat me alive." And lifting his hands, he tried to settle himself slowly. “Before they consume me like crows landing on a carcass…”
“Okay, so when I go anywhere and my crazy fangirls ask me if I’m free, I’ll tell them that I’ll never be available in any lifetime to come because I’ve found a king who owns my heart. My own special person who I can’t live without.”
Dean remembered doing those awful things. Or so he called them. Like leaning in a little too much when they were sitting together. Just so that he could feel how warm Cas was. Just so that he could somehow invade Cas' personal space to feed off of his energy. To feed his guilty conscience of knowing that deep down inside, the truth wasn't all about running from his tormenting feelings about Cas. The truth was knowing that the definition of home and comfort and love and care was all about that one damn angel who had turned his world upside down ten years ago.
“I…was…” the Prince’s voice hoarsened, deeply affected by the other man’s words, he cleared his throat. “I was talking about the kiss I blew you. But okay.”
“It’s hard to do that, especially since you’re working for a company that thrives off of social networking. That sort of thing wouldn’t stick once you’re geared towards claiming a future at GENTS.” He sounded more like the CEO than anything else and I really regretted calling him back.
Now, he returned to Heaven with such a heavy heart, Cas curled up on the floor and he wept. He cried because of how he had terribly misunderstood Dean when he was supposed to give him the benefit of the doubt. He cried because he couldn't have been more selfish after promising that he wouldn't leave and then doing exactly that. He collapsed because he couldn't only keep blaming himself even though he wasn't to be blamed fully. Even though Dean had done stupid things and had yelled at him, had judged him because of one small secret.
"We did," Dean was savoring every word, and the sound of Cas' voice. "Might not get much sleep tonight."
So, maybe loving another man wasn't ever going to be easy. But he wasn't easy as well. Dean realized that for most of his life, every single thing about him was complicated to a point where he never could live a normal life. So, why was he expecting his love life to be easy? Why was he expecting something from Cas that was softer and peaceful when both of them had literally been dragged through hell and back?
“The Prince marvels over unusual art,” said the tour guide who was a short and stocky woman dressed neatly in a pinstripe suit. “This one was imported from Damascus,” she explained to Castiel. “We have no idea who the sculptor is but it was hidden away in a church.”
"You never gave up on Amelia and she treated you far worse than I have ever done," the younger man searched inside of him and realized that he was crumbling. "I've never given you shit like that to handle. I've always tried to be everything you want me to be—"
. Ha.” Ruby enjoyed herself enough to let out a generous laugh.
Dean grunts in reply and heads to the kitchen. Cass on the other hand takes a chair next to me and sits down, clearly tired. And the first thing I notice is that he’s back in his trench but it’s wrinkled and the collar is turned up.
What was happening to them all of a sudden? He couldn’t stop blushing and by the time Dean stumbled upon Charlie’s classroom, he was entirely drenched in the guilty feeling of learning to accept rather than suffer from self-denial. The latter brought on so much pain after believing that there was no one who could ever love him. But the former felt like summer in winter and it was everything that Dean needed after over five years of matchmaking and never being on the receiving end of the pangs of love.
And there it was, the fear of knowing since the Prince walked into the room that everything changed between them and he had long ago passed the breaking point and was on the verge of shattering. And Castiel was obviously the object of his hatred and his ultimate enemy in more ways than one because he felt like that.
that conversation which felt like sandpaper on Dean's skin, especially his heart. And why was it so necessary to return to the wreckage of a battle which could have left worst scars?
"But you don't…drink," Castiel's tone was soft as worry seeped into his mind, and he straightened up by the hearth, the poker directed towards the pile of logs already ignited. And when green eyes turned to deliver a
“Not as much as you let
Dean shrugged. “I don’t think you’d understand. Hell, you’re more open minded than I am.”
"Cas?" their eyes met and blue ones widened, almost fearful of a row between them when it was quite ridiculous to entertain such an occurrence. "You good?" Dean asked in a croak, whilst his throat ached after being trampled on and his joints were on fire because the pain medication simply did not kick in fast enough. "Ever since I came out from going under, you've been giving me this look."
“Alright, so what’s brought on
Of course, the feeling was far too beautiful even though they were still spared the actuality of a full-blown kiss, but just the press of those parted lips onto Dean’s cheek was enough to melt him into a comfortable warmth. Despite the bitter weather, the wave of summer between their embrace was far too intoxicating to let go of, and as they started to walk again, the two of them remained close like two lovers only desiring intimacy rather than separation.
“So, dad…Ellen,” Dean glanced back and reached for Castiel, entwining their fingers with the warmest smile as he evidently blushed a deep shade of pink, “I’m going to make it official and come right out and say that—”
"Do you drive?" he was fascinated by her dominance.
“Nah,” Dean honestly wondered if Castiel was of the opposite sex, if he really would see him in a different light. Maybe, he would, maybe he wouldn’t but one thing was obvious. “You’ve said enough to make me feel like the most amazing person in the world because at least…I mean the world to you. And I love you so much for that.”
"You can't just…say it like that," Dean protested, reaching at the back of his neck and scratching an imaginary itch. "Well, sure, I stuck….something…somewhere but—"
"You staying the night, Cas?" the younger Winchester asked afterwards, offering a second beer to the other man but nodding after it was declined. "Bet Dean would like if you holed up here for a few days for Christmas. I mean, isn't Balth out of town?"
The car stalled as wrought iron gates pulled away and then they crawled down a long road that was bordered by tall trees.
"It will," Dean said staring and holding his breath, "especially if I'm going to come right out and say it."
“As much as it’s one of the places to visit on my bucket list,” Castiel nudged his face closer to Dean’s cock, “right now, I feel like declining because I can’t really turn down what’s in front of me.”
They locked eyes effortlessly and stared at one another. Fear. Confused. But most of all, the purest of love swirled around inside green eyes. And blue ones reflected the very same feeling. But then he kept remembering the doubts and the scars on his failing wings and he kept seeing love evolving into disappointment in Dean's eyes. And then he wanted to cry. He wanted to run away because this wasn't easy at all. Sitting on a bench by the Loch was easy. Traversing museums in Rome was easy. Staring at the Eiffel Tower at night was easy. But falling into Dean's arms was terrifying.
"Yes, the furnace was fixed just yesterday…"
After snorting and straightening up, Dean smiled back and gestured quite proudly at the sign. "Doesn't my redecorating say it all?"
"I broke him," Cas said, hiding his eyes behind trembling hands. "I can hear him crying. In my head. I can feel how wounded he is. I shouldn't have brought up Anna."
"Or else what?" the hunter raised an eyebrow and with a mischievous glint in his eyes, he tugged on the blanket that was wholly claimed by the angel. "Go ahead, tell me what you'll do to me. I dare you."
“He is…” biting his lips, Castiel tucked the phone between his shoulder and ear and the chair scraped back a few inches. But then when he witnessed firsthand what Dean’s mouth was doing to him, he forcefully swallowed a moan.
"I have to make a toast," Donna cleared her throat and smiled around as Claire filled the glasses with champagne. "Honestly, Dean, you are a gift. You are rare. You are so tough on the outside and a mush on the inside…" everyone chuckled, including Claire. "We are so glad to have you in our lives. You have no idea how special you are. Here's to many more birthdays to come where you are happy and healthy and I wish that you get your heart's desire…" she paused, holding his gaze. "Happy birthday!"
He was growing considerably biased to his hometown and hated that the likes of a place that had become a prison wasn't missed. In fact, the only substantial part of NYC that he longed to go back to was his cat. His books. His apartment. Everything else, even Zachariah could go fuck themselves.
Cas, without regrets, brushed their lips together and the thrilling feeling of watching Dean unfold in his grasp was bewitching. It was like watching a flower in bloom. And when he rested their foreheads together, Dean rubbed their noses together so affectionately, even he offered a small smile in return.
When he pondered along the lines of marriage or children or generally a future, Dean’s mind was always consumed with Castiel. He could be listening to Sam lament on the kids’ refusal to pick up their toys after using them and instantly imagine Castiel scooping up a laughing girl and turning to smile at him. Or he would wonder about which side of the bed Castiel slept on because Sam complained about Jess invading his corner. Or when Jess always requested Sam to grab the groceries, Dean wondered what shopping with Castiel would be like. And because his mind comfortably dwelled on these domesticated thoughts, forever spinning other scenarios, he couldn’t deny what he most desired in life.
"Possibly drive me insane until I'm a lunatic walking the streets back to you. But no, I didn't forget you," Castiel chuckled softly, "I just wanted you to humor me."
Maybe he shouldn’t have spun around in that moment. Maybe he should have kept on pushing Adele for her number, stuffing his pockets with those health bars and following up with a direct path towards his Impala. But no. The laugh was like music, and after latching his eyes onto the handsome employee chatting up a cashier, Dean's knees weakened and he melted from what his brother would later refer to as
“Sure,” she hugged the magazine and narrowed her eyes, rather much amused. “What’s your favorite song then?”
“Do not judge wrongfully!” Crowley said passionately from the altar, sweating profusely in his robe, “those who haven’t sinned, cast the first stone. In order to remove the plank from your neighbor’s eye, remove the plank from yours. Therefore, if you are suffering from obesity, do not call another person a fat person.”
"Dean, you wouldn't," Sam said confidently. "Go on."
"I'm just…" Dean groaned, fists clenched.
Dean allowed himself to fall backwards, his legs dangling over the sides of his bed. And he immersed himself in conflicting conversations and painful memories. Of losing Cas more than once and literally feeling as if his soul was being ripped into pieces. Remembering that the pain of grieving was far worst than spending time in hell. Their little fights. Their big fights that ended bloody. Always being able to patch things up. Except now, Cas had walked out on him because Dean went too far.
“Fuck,” Dean whispered when he tried to steady himself, after the inches grew between them. And distance never felt colder. Even as he gazed into those wide blue eyes, he understood why a guy falling for another guy or a girl like Charlie and Jo fought for their voices to be heard equally. This wasn’t normal, nothing was. But it really felt special and as brand new as it was, he wanted to stay there forever.
"Because I thought…I felt like I couldn't sleep in a bed without him…holding me. Not because he didn't stay. He had that right like you said to get back in his own space and do the things he wants to do. But my
He despised his reaction to the meeting but felt compelled to dwell in it because all the pain wouldn't have been provided if she stayed away. And because she searched those green eyes and recognized the slight hostility and pride swimming around in them, Hanna sighed.
"Yeah, yeah. Isn't it supposed to be easier because you're playing with toys you already know about?" his innocent look rocked his friend into a bout of laughter that sent him reaching for his beer.
Those green eyes widened and then, Dean blinked. He began to nod slowly. "I guess I am."
“Claire?”
“Taking pictures of me, are you?” he kept swiping and smiled warmly as the phone was returned to. “To add to your book?”
When he refused to answer but chose to stare at his boots, she sighed.
"How are things going with you and Cas?" she asked when the path taken behind the Novak's estate led down a road that was cleared of snow and salted already.
Sam was devastated when his phone rang and Dave announced that he had driven into town for the night. He wanted to see his good old friend to knock two beers down at a local pub. So after leaving with a heavy heart because he felt deprived of continuing the marathon, Dean and Cas were left alone in each other’s company in the shadows. And when the silence dragged on between them as the movie played on screen, Dean literally could only focus on the teasing in the car. The suggestive words. The way Cas had kissed his damn neck, and excited his pores.
Castiel didn't want romance. He liked being alone. He liked living with his cat and drinking copious bottles of wine. He liked living every day in the same routine. He liked being independent and sure of himself. And never in a million years would he have ever imagined that he would be standing in the garden of Westfordshire Palace, questioning his sexuality.
“I don’t want you to stop though…”
However, it appeared as if the request simply broke the older Winchester because he stared at Sam without blinking. Then the tears slipped down his cheeks and wiping them away, Dean finally touched the pen to the page and he started to write. Wobbly. Not his usually scrawl but more evident now of being terribly affected. Of knowing that the task would require all he could muster up.
“I can’t help it, if I’m insecure about—"
“We just…shouldn’t.” And because he had taken the dominant role and asserted what he felt was a completely ignorant request, Dean felt terrible all of a sudden.
At first, Dean thought that he was possibly imagining the inability to capture the older man’s lips into a kiss but then the actuality of being teased was far too obvious. Castiel kept purposely tormenting Dean until he felt as if he was suffocating even more and the warmth between them turned into fire. And staring into blue eyes as if trying to search for the reasons why he could not claim that glorifying moment, Dean only gazed into honest pools of love as abundant as the sky and beautiful in every sense of the word.
They swayed slowly on the spot, like if their souls were dancing. Because physically, their minds weren't in the same room. Cas was floating so high above the chaos in their lives and the only thing he marveled over was the way Dean felt in his arms. So certain and dependent in his embrace. He was crying, sobbing into the crook of Cas' shoulder, wetting his trench coat and maybe…maybe Dean was emptying his fears and his doubts onto him. Maybe Dean trusted him so much that he leaked all his sorrow and pain onto the only person he loved so much.
After handing over the refreshment though, I lingered long enough to watch him twist off the cap and as he drank heartily, our eyes remained glued on each other. It was within that space of time that many questions were posed towards him silently. Like, did he really and truly mean what was said earlier between us? Or was all of it just a practiced method of torture?
He wondered what kinds of food he loved; heavy on the cholesterol or vegan?
All the way down to the twentieth floor though, I kept wondering why all of these trying things were happening to me. The sudden escalation of my feelings was beginning to terrify instead of soothe. And I just wanted it to stop, quickly realizing that a crush was normal. But a crush that was developing into nervousness? A crush that made my hands sweaty? I was daydreaming all the way down to the cafeteria and kept trying to focus. I didn’t want to screw anything up because there was some major part of me that wanted to impress. And why?
Dean shoveled away some more snow from the gate and tossed it into the growing heap by the bench where Claire sat huddled in her thick red winter jacket. And the scene was so reminiscent of the many times he was presented with Charlie’s company that the teenager indeed provided adequate conversation.
He wasn’t worth it. He was a man who was many things wrapped up in one. A tragedy who wasted most of his life married to a woman who didn’t love him as much as he tried to love her. A woman who turned away from him in bed and never sexually wanted him. And she hammered the belief inside his head that he wasn’t appealing and could never be a beautiful thing.
"Well, I can promise you that was never my intention. Hey, you work for a newspaper that's been covering me and my family's scandals for years now," Dean sounded humored, "have you ever seen me do something like that in front of the camera?"
Was this God’s way of punishing their immoral relationship? By throwing so many disagreements into the mix so that they would call it quits and break apart?
“I do care how you feel. I’ve always cared immensely and it has become painful to listen to you jump to conclusions without seeking my side of the matter as if this is the new norm. Now if I was to treat you in the same manner by taking everything at face value, would you deem
Castiel scowled and gestured at the computer screen. “He didn’t even consult with me. The bastard.”
Something inside of Dean ignited, possibly from the scratch of a thousand matches and as blue eyes stared back in awe, he smoothly planted himself onto Castiel’s lap whilst maintaining his hold between the other man’s legs.
Like you were the only thing on that particular person’s mind, and nothing else, not even the world mattered. The openness, the raw sensation of knowing that all eyes were on him literally. That he had the floor as compared to any other girl craving his attention. And this time, Dean finally felt what it was like to be given a chance.
One hour since Castiel last checked his phone for new messages (those stopped two weeks ago). And a second since he last thought of those beautiful green eyes.
, I think that’s enough probing for one day, don’t you agree? I’ve been ravished by my meeting with Claire and you’ve presented quite a few intense moments for me. Really? I’d like to rest my mind a little since my head feels heavy. If you don’t mind…”
"Why then?" he tried to square his shoulders and could literally feel his heart hanging on a thread.
Donna, who was always quick to support her wife, smiled around and plucked up a blueberry muffin. "That shouldn't be hard. As long as we are only asked to mention three dull things. I'm always the one who have the
They were progressing just fine for the evening. He liked the raw feeling of making impulsive decisions like bringing the other man out here. And when he leapt without thinking, Dean felt really high from the unexpected. He felt a rush like running into a hunt, brandishing weapons and ready to fight. And now, his only weapon was his heart. Using it to the best of his ability was proving to be fruitful thus far. The distant and pleased look that washed over Castiel's face was evidence enough to suggest that maybe, just maybe, Dean Winchester could still sweep him off his feet in a good way.
It was so much release for the two of them, so deserving that they kept tethering on the edge and Castiel weakened in Dean's embrace through it all. His body yearned for that delicious skin on skin contact, but was patient enough to compensate with anything else. Small kisses on the younger man's face for example, trying to erase those bruises, his fingertips travelling across Dean's heaving chest under his sweater and despising the bandage around his torso. The way their feet tangled whilst still sitting, their control on each other heightened especially since Castiel marveled over how he could have pushed Dean over the edge without touching him inside of his pants. And then just when they were both satisfied in that moment, still swimming in passion ablaze like the fireplace, their arms wrapped around each other.
The heavy red curtains were drawn but one of them provided a small space barely allowing him to peer through. And as he tried to capture the view beyond the window, he could highlight the rooftops through the forest leading up to the mountains where the few folks who dwelled there maintained their cottages for many years. And Ellen and Bobby’s home was somewhere in the midst, instantly reminding Dean of the night when he was so in raptures with his uncertain feelings for Castiel, pressing their thighs together because he just wanted to touch the older man.
“You’re so tense, darling,” Dean said softly, pulling back Cas’ shoulders and encouraging him to relax a bit more. “Is this where your wings are?” and it was almost as if the hunter could see them because Dean began to massage right around Cas’ shoulder blades that spurted his concealed wings.
"Just stop," Dean said suddenly, there was a chill in the air. He felt the weight on his chest grow heavier. He was falling and fast. And was just moments ago so elated, so excited and happy, so hopeful. But now, he felt like someone had flipped off a switch in his damn head.
When Castiel felt a tap on his right shoulder, he startled a little, coming out of that other wavelength consumed by thoughts. But then, turning around to immediately gaze into familiar green eyes only ignited more anger that had been brimming on the surface.
"Quite the memory you've always had," Castiel said whilst moving to the very room in discussion and turning on the light but when he glanced at Dean, he quickly detected a wave of emotions affecting those handsome features before disappearing. "Come, darling," his voice was uneven as he held out a hand, the other one holding the glass of untouched whisky. "Let's retire to bed."
Oh, um, just for a moment, I thought he was referring to me, but why would he?
Castiel seemed to be quite silent otherwise and that much was significant of his doubts still that resonated after the possibility of losing the one person he loved. Quite truthfully, what he must have felt in that moment was utter fear, every single time they touched or made love, he embraced a coldness afterwards that kept briefing him on the disappointments in life. He loved someone, fought for them and then they departed without a care in the world about his heart.
“You know, I cannot understand why you find it hard to believe that I do engage in physical exercise in my gym. I do have one of those, Dean. And I’ve been inviting you for years to use it but you’d rather run up and down the stairs and call that exercise.”
When his fingertips would thirst for the older man's skin, he sometimes wondered what else he would crave for when they were advancing on other feelings, like the depth of their kiss for instance, was so unbelievably real to Dean that he became frightened the moment it occurred. He couldn't cease replaying the magical spaces in time when Castiel sat so close to him on the couch in front of a warm fire, the scene so beautiful like a page from a fairytale. And they played songs to each other on his guitar, flirting with their eyes, stolen glances and touches that felt like tattoos on his arms, his neck.
“She’s also rude,” Dean pointed out boldly, collecting a black jersey from a rack and frowning at the slogan
Afterwards, he walked away from the table and literally became so dizzied by the words that tumbled out of his mouth, that he immediately reached Charlie and stared in bewilderment.
"I can see the cracks inside of you. I guess that's why I'm drawn to you so much." Dean led them through a hallway that was lit by sconces in gold brackets on walls covered in red velvet. "But there are things about me that you don't know along with the rest of the world."
And when he entered, Dean was leaning with his arms on the windowsill smoking while he supported one knee on a small wooden stool. He wore a white loose shirt, which fell over his right shoulder and his legs were covered in short, open-crotch drawers* for women, with short lace ruffles at the end.
In that moment Castiel weakened so much that he braved those tears and an abundance of teeth and he a soft chuckle, "Are you trying to tell me that you're…"
Green eyes sparkled. “I don’t know what you think I mean. I think you should tell me so that we’re on the same page.”
was the center of attraction to someone who was the most beautiful thing that ever happened to him.
to ask me in," nervously slipping off his dark robe, Dean could literally feel himself become consumed with anxiousness that shouldn't have been there, but the dream provided enough clarity that this was a lot like a experiencing a premonition. "I'm going to try to force an invite from you."
"I'm sorry that I try to control and tell you what to do. Like when I made the decision for you to jump into hell with that asshat. If I have to explain why I do that sometimes, is because…" Dean swallowed, trying to decide if what he had written made more sense. Deciding to fly impromptu, he cleared his throat. "Okay, it's like this, Cas. You make me feel so weak knowing that I'm in…" he swallowed hard. "Knowing that I have these feelings for you, it's hard for me to gain control of myself so because you're the one who makes me lose control, I try to take it back. I know it's selfish, it really is. But I do stupid things when I feel like I'm not in control. I don't like to feel weak at all. And you make me feel so unsure of myself, I need to be sure."
"Do what exactly?"
“It’s
“It is said that he mixed a potent love potion into the paint,” the tour guide said. “No, don’t worry,” she laughed when Castiel plucked his hand away from caressing the woman’s small nose. “We’ve done many tests on it. There’s no harm in the coating. But this…” Emma, as her name tag introduced, led them to a white stone shaped like a suitcase with a unicorn standing on its hind legs. “This was used in the 1400s to hide someone inside for transport. It’s called ‘The Unicorn’s Package’.”
He was trying to burn away the love with the kind of hatred that stemmed from disapproval of Dean's advances and boldness, of his pursuit and constant need to prove a point; to push and push until he unearthed a reaction. And the more Castiel thought about it, he hated that he was being chased after by a man.
“Before you know it, life catches up in the blink of an eye. Me? I was sailing through this phase where I literally took everything for granted. I studied hard, became lost in books, TV shows, separated myself from reality and it got me nowhere. Because whilst I was inside my own bubble, depriving myself of blooming, something special was right there waiting for me.” Dean sighed and his slumped shoulders reflected his regret. “All I’m saying is, make the most of what you got now, because come tomorrow, you never know what’s in store.”
One of the cowboys held a strange resemblance to Cas and Dean scowled, hating himself for latching onto that feeling.
Dean’s handsome and playful disposition was forever warming. “A portal opened up right…here,” with Castiel still captured in his arms, he turned them slightly towards the coat rack and pointed, “and I actually spent four hours in
You can just imagine Dean’s surprise as well as Annalise when the instrument was approached. And as Castiel sat down, quite nervous and trying to steady his fingers on the keys, he took deep breaths. Eyes fluttering close, he thought of a tune, a song, any song that reached out to him.
Cas, choked on the answer. "I didn't say. I'm Cassandra." And when the name slipped out of his mouth, he hated himself for being so damn naïve. Because instantly, Dean's eyes widened.
Three hours later, after checking into their hotel rooms, the two of them had newspaper articles spread out on the large oak table dating back to 1970. Articles on disappearances that occurred frequently every ten years. Kids, going missing and turning up dead in sewers. Bite marks on their bodies and no fingerprints due to erosion from water and being exposed to nature.
Dean sighed and immediately felt uncomfortable because of his new friend’s presence. “What do you want me to say, Claire? There’s nothing
“Splendidly. And how did I do?”
“Cas…”
"No chick flick moments," Dean mumbled, letting the actuality sink in. His brother's words were ringing with truth.
“No. I wouldn’t have. Why are we dwelling on the past and ‘ifs’ when we’re here right now?” Castiel frowned. “I’d like to feel nothing but love for you instead of pain, Dean.”
"I really don't want to talk about it right now. It's making my headache worst. I get these terribly headaches when I'm strung out. It happens." Dean suddenly stood up and his movements were deeply affected by how weakened he had become by their conversation.
you to…" the older man studied the slow, tentative movements as the distance between them was eaten up.
“Shut up,” Cas softly said, taking a hold of Dean’s jaw and turning those green eyes to focus on him. “Stop going on and on, fueled by paranoia. Doubts are ghosts. I can chase them away.”
He did give the topic much thought about their meeting; too much thought. “I think I will be too speechless in his presence; I wouldn’t know what to say. From the moment I see him, I’ll come as close to fainting like a fan who is seeing his idol for the first time.”
Most men would be offended by gay references.
“No,” Dean said, feeling a heavy burden resting on his chest as his eyes stung and he stared back in disbelief, “I
"No," those piercing blue eyes glared at the view beyond the windows already fading into a smoky looking afternoon. "I will not, and I repeat, will not fall into her web of lust."
"Well, both…" Dean inclined his head and agreed rather much with a disappointed frown.
"Cheers to that," Castiel touched their glasses together with a nod. "By the way, where will you be publishing your article?"
“Did he really die from a heart attack or was he murdered?”
“Dean, these are my two brothers; Gabriel,” he gestured at the shorter and lively one, “and Michael,” who offered up his hand quickly.
“Who, Dean?” John frowned after she nodded. “Why you say so?”
Sam’s number was registered as a PRIVATE one which was so unfortunate for Castiel. He wanted to call and ask the youngest Winchester for a number he shouldn’t have deleted in the first place with the intention of expressing his sincere gratitude towards Dean for the flowers and the note.
“So, you’re going,” Charlie said to him on Saturday when the sound of the lawnmower droned outside the window and the two of them shared jellybeans with Anna on the patio. “Like…
Ellen sighed, wiped her forehead with a sleeved hand and then she adjusted the yellow rubber gloves before resuming the murderous act of gutting one fish at a time. "Trouble in paradise. From what I heard, Donna got a job offer two towns away and it's not rubbing Jody well. And I get it. Distance and all. Means Donna would have to drive about an hour away every damn day, but it's more pay. The money would do well for their mortgage on that new house they want and if it were me…"
"Like?" she inclined her head and waited.
significant other and soul mate. But in his dreams, the senses weren’t heightened because none of what happened was real. So, Dean always prolonged the moment inside of his head until he was too hard and forced to do something about it. Most times though, his hands were never enough, and he would be left with a dull ache that remained like an uncomfortable cramp throughout the day.
Or the times when he and Benny mixed cocktails that left them too giddy to avoid clumsy public displays. Those stories apparently never reached John’s ears, but had he known, then the rage would follow and the two of them would suffer from the aftermath. If Castiel only became aware of those instances… then Dean would not be spared an extreme scolding.
Dean pushed himself up to a sitting position and sighed, immediately fingering the red bow that now appeared quite lonesome when separated from the gift. "I was thinking more like next month. Or February because…" he stopped and shrugged, allowing their eyes to meet, "…I can't wait to jump into it. I mean, there's so much that I want to do already and I'm just so impatient about getting ahead."
"Cas," Dean croaked from his seat at the table.
"Like what?" she rolled her eyes and laughed. "Cooking, baking, cleaning, reading? There's nothing bad about you, no matter how hard I try to find something. And I think it's amazing how you just sidestepped all the bad influences Sam got himself pulled into and you still came out sane. Cas must be so glad to have you as a boyfriend. You're like the epitome of Prince Charming."
“Shut your face,” the older Winchester warned.
“I’m anxious,” Castiel sighed. “It’s a new life for me.” Why did he sway the conversation? Was it that terrible to remember the times they were close to each other?
“Saying that to impress a new friend here…” she pointed her blue pen topped off with a pink feather at Cas, searching his face, “or a date.”
For a long time Kaia simply considered her mug, the cocoa's steam wafting out like little wisps of smoke from a chimney in the village. Her thoughts were so intense in that moment, buried deep down and swirling around and no matter how the decision to leave that old town behind troubled her, Littleton felt like the right place to be.
"Right now?" Castiel turned to consider the other man's handsome face as he grinned.
“So, that’s where it went. No wonder he’s about to pop that robe,” Ellen returned.
The way Dean was exposing himself to Sam was enough to break him too. Leaning on the trunk of Baby, Sam's eyes watered. He blinked away his tears but Dean allowed his to flow as he blindly blinked into the night that had suddenly grown so quiet. So still.
Dean immediately tugged Cas into him by the waist and kissed him long and deep. Their hearts fluttered together. Their lungs emptied and their heads grew dizzy. And even when everyone applauded loudly, Sam being the loudest, Dean still kissed Cas like it was the first time.
If he could truthfully describe the ride to the church, he would use one word; awkward.
“When?” Castiel’s heart skipped a beat. Surely the other man hadn’t swung by his apartment.
“Bye,” then, just like that, he abruptly turned and headed towards the gate, his step slow and suggestive of becoming rather tired from the late evening.
Then they were sitting again under the gazebo and Castiel just remained silent.
His inability to restrain himself in the riskiest situations was something that frightened Castiel about getting caught. Because they really and truly already christened the meeting room on more than one night with their heavy lovemaking and over five times thus far in the washroom; blowing each other. So it came as no surprise when Dean started biting his neck and sucking on skin still raw from last night’s foreplay.
“Incorrect,” Castiel returned, never removing his hand from the other man’s shoulder as his fingertips pressed softly into. “I’ve stayed with you when you were younger. Maybe it has been too long ago to remember but when you were sick with pneumonia, I was there. And don’t you remember me falling asleep inside your pillow forts? Those are good memories, Dean. But I’m still baffled why you don’t come over to see me. I do enjoy the walks,” Castiel nodded, “indeed I do. But my house is not haunted nor is it unappealing.”
Who was this young woman that Castiel introduced as Hanna from Texas and why was her presence so important and enough to intrude on quite an intimate picnic between family?
want to talk about your feelings? It’s crappy.”
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, CASTIEL?
affected by any of the words at the moment and can’t relate to the lyrics. Whilst I just signed divorce papers literally two hours ago in L.A and had to listen to my ex go down a list of all she fucking wants to take from me. My house in California. No problem letting her keep that cause I don’t want to live out there anyway. Two of the Benz which she never liked or drove before but because of their worth, she wants them…and she wants to claim custody of my son without granting me visitation rights.” Dean let out a shaky sigh because he had probably wanted to just let all of that out for a while now, then he turned to glare at the rolling sidewalks and left me speechless. “I’ve given up on a lot of people in my life. But I’ve never given up on my kid.”
“Because the term
He kept remembering the day before when he thought he saw Castiel in the crowd and honestly believed it was an apparition, possibly a side-effect from his medications. And when Dean finally realized that Castiel actually came back, something crazy started to happen inside of his body.
After he nodded though, Jack decided that there would come a point in time when he would have to reveal the secret. He could feel it inside his bones, inside his being that a phenomenal moment was coming but whether he would be involved in that, the certainty did not exist.
"I'll take your question," Dean's voice softened a bit when he actually pointed at Castiel standing in front of the crowd of gawking reporters. "And yours only. The rest of you…" he made a rather bad attempt at laughing off his mockery, "can hang your hats up and call it a night."
Castiel smiled and stepping closer, eating up the inches, he barely brought their lips close and glanced down at the inch of space. "Your scent is quite nice too. Spearmint toothpaste, correct?"
It was like every step that Cas took towards him, jolted his heart to life. Every freaking step, every second, sent electrical bolts through his body and forced him to relive every single stab of pain, of terror, of anger, then adoration and love. Most of all, complete and utter love for a man who had left him drowning all by himself. A man who had collected his heart, wrapped it up in a warm blanket and then dropped it on the floor. And why? Because he just couldn't stick around a few seconds more to learn the truth.
"Probably screw up big time, fall down and bruise yourself, but hey," she held out her arms and laughed, her cheeks rosy, "who is Harry without Hermione? Nothing."
“He’s kind of right,” Charlie supplied after some time passed by. “You’re lucky that you never get to feel the wrath of Mr. Winchester. I mean, when he disciplines, he gives it his all.”
because he realized that the weight of the silence was hanging like a heavy wrecking ball, another idea blossomed.
“Dean, I hope you always wear a condom because I don’t,” Ruby mimicked Adam’s voice terribly in a deep tone. When Meg snorted, she continued. “And don’t forget, one spouse is enough. Don’t sleep around like I do because you’ll lose your dick and your crown.”
Sam, of course, was worried when the clock struck eleven and his brother didn't show. After checking to ensure that he was breathing, the younger Winchester left the bunker in search of snacks. They would need snacks for the meeting tonight. More like an intervention. Then again, maybe no one would have an appetite, would they? Just incase the Empty arrived to consume Cas, he had a backup plan. They would all hold onto Cas and never let go.
“It’s also called love,” Cas said matter-of-factly, entwining their fingers as the warmth of their connection dizzied his mind. “The person I care about is first and foremost my responsibility. I’ll always be here for you, to take care of you.”
"It's actually over 200 years old, I think. My aunt, mom's sister, bought it from a lover she had in France." Dean stayed standing whilst Castiel continued to caress the bannister all the way around the gazebo. "They had to break it down into parts to get it all here. I think it was so beautiful."
"And why wouldn't he want you to go with him?" Ellen found the statement rather much filled with the kind of uncertainty she wished not to hear. "You two are a couple. A damn cute one, if I may say so myself. I know it'll last a lifetime between you because love like that doesn't just die away easy."
, after my ex-wife and I split up ten years ago,” Cas said calmly, realizing once again that talking to this young man was so much easier than revealing his secrets to anyone else, “I spent time finding myself again.
For twenty years, Dean, his nanny and father occupied the same seating arrangement with a desirable view on his right of the White Mountains in the distance. There was a trodden path that wound its way from the wrought church gates towards the vast trees and during every season of the year, Dean admired the beautiful changes. Winter though was coming, a kind of stillness settled on the town of Littleton that almost felt like the trees were patiently waiting to be blanketed in snow.
“You’re doing what we want you to do. Knowing more complicates the order of things—”
“Holed up in a farmhouse that reeks of manure and fleas living in your furniture? I don’t think that’s what you’re looking for, are you?”
“Losing you most of all. And then not having control of my mind, I guess?” Dean adjusted his head on the pillow and sighed. “When my father was alive, I was afraid of being sent off to war. I don’t think I could deal with the trauma. You?”
Within an hour, the two of them were fast asleep, fingers entwined, foreheads resting together and dreaming about each other. And whilst the storm raged outside in Scotland, a light rain settled on London.
When he was cornered by some kind of tsunami of feelings, Castiel tried to dull his pain with alcohol. So naturally, as he sunk onto the soft chair and held the fluke of wine between his fingers, he thought about what he was passing through. What the hell he was making himself suffer from.
When Castiel’s laughter came afterwards, green eyes rolled up to the trees and in that moment, he discovered that his friend kept swiping and very soon he would come across…
Dean lowered their entwined fingers and rested Cas' hand between his legs. He was breathless. He was losing control. "Do you feel…what talking about it does…to me?"
"Your auras," Florence said waving it off and holding out her hands, palms facing upwards. "Your love is very strong. Now. Place hands on mine."
“You called me all the way up here,
nd at that point
"Truthfully? There are some things about Cas that you really don't know about," Sam offered a sad look. "Over the years, he's opened up to me because he's always been in love with you and terribly afraid of getting closer than a friend. With me, we talked about anything because there wasn't that barrier there. I can honestly tell you straight up that Cas has not had an easy time loving you in terms of coming to terms with his feelings and suffering from Naomi and every other angel who judged him for it."
The feel of real hands that replaced ghosted ones in his dreams was surreal in the first few minutes, and by the time their lips crushed together, Dean was far gone. He sunk into a wonderful warmth of bliss and pleasure unlike anything he ever experienced. He opened up and melted like butter as Castiel slowly learned what kind of pace he favored and built up a faster one. And even though he could never understand how the older man knew just what to do, warm fingers wrapped around the tip of his cock and continued to squeeze then slacken in a slow, torturing rhythm.
Dean returned to the old woman's side with the cup of tea and despite her weakened state, she was quite a humorous old woman who immediately took a liking to his character. Delving into how Dean's face reminded her of a lover she entertained in Louisiana, how her husband moved them to Littleton because of her inability to keep her knickers on. By the time the jokes left joyful tears in their eyes, he was sad to leave and promised that they would return some other time.
I waited until I had exited the parking lot, then I pulled into the shoulder of the road. It was right in front of an old liquor store that Ruby loved to buy alcohol. But I didn’t care. Thankfully, there were no streetlights around, and I was contained in the depths of my car. I was free to just fold over the steering wheel and let it all out, shaking from sobs, straining on my last bit of energy, feeling far worse than before, when I wouldn’t have known he wasn’t interested in me. Now, it was obvious he wasn’t.
"Sure," Sam practically leapt of the edge of the table and tore himself away from the situation. However, he lingered out of sight with his ear straining to listen in. His defense was that if things escalated into a fight, he could jump in to save the two of them.
Either way proved to be something that Castiel did not want to intervene with. So, he carefully washed his hands, collected a paper towel and thanked the heavens when one of the other stalls opened up and another man joined them.
"Sam," Cas blinked at the older Winchester. "Just because Dean and I are a couple now, it doesn't mean that I wouldn't mind being paired up with you. And I'd like to."
"Mine too," Castiel was still in awe. "But I'm still not convinced. You could have known all that about me if you easily asked my cat."
"You two might starve each other to death," Dean said gruffly. "Can't screw each other as much when you're not getting some good energy from burgers and whatever else is on the high cholesterol menu."
"Probably something you said…" Sam resumed the chase and left the older Winchester staring incredulously.
"I mean, at the end of the day, it's my choice, right?" she rather much asked a question than determine that she was definitely in control of her own life. "I have to make bad decisions…"
He wished that he could visit the damn place every night, but knowing that his classes and excessive reading tied him up too much, it just wasn’t possible. For hours he would stay up studying for exams and working on projects, group projects that showered him with most of the work. Then there was his part time job at Bobby's workshop where he fixed up people's cars and earned a decent share of wages to tackle food and other necessities. Apart from those things, he could only manage about an hour reading every night before falling asleep, dreaming of someone in particular and wondering why traversing said person’s body felt like exploring Wonderland over and over again.
“Nah, if it makes sense, I’ve never thought the two of you were like brothers. The profound bond thing always got me thinking that Cass loved you far more. You two planning on getting married?”
"Oh there's a hurricane ravaging inside my chest right now," Cas confessed with a shrug. "I'm as nervous as you are. But it doesn't hurt to reassure you that you shouldn't be."
Did he wish to take back his words? No. There were things that needed to be said and things that could survive without coming out into the open. And no matter what tormented them over the years, they were always honest with each other. When Dean slipped up, which were too many times to mention, the older man pulled him up and didn’t spare on the discipline. So why was it any different now?
“Cas, wasn’t there ever a rule in Heaven…against homosexuality or something? I mean, you were created as an angel of God. I don’t think you’re supposed to go against the Bible, right?”
“True,” Dorothy laughed and took Charlie’s right hand softly into hers, their eyes connected instantly. “My fair love, will you do me the honor of going out with me again and still trying to play hard to get?”
Their chests heaved uncontrollably, their fingertips burned trails down each other's backs and there were no words. Even when they stared at each other in astonishment, their parted lips trembled from the actuality of what was happening. Both of them were on the verge of shattering, burning bright with fire and when they started to move, their cries were guttural.
"Yes," Cas settled into the chair next to the other man and faced him with eyes that searched green ones intently. It was almost as if he was trying to seek out every single moment he had missed whilst they were apart during the night.
Sam would rate his brother's behavior as an A grade loser if he even caught a whiff of the hopeless situation unfolding. For a full minute, Dean scanned the shelves whilst diverting his attention to the owner of the finest ass and he hoped, really hoped that he wasn't going to make a fool of himself any time soon.
The three of them entered the hall and even though Sam proceeded to lead the way, his brother lingered behind. The red scarf wrapped around his neck wasn’t providing any kind of comfort because he was suffocating already. In addition to that, the maroon sweater felt rather much stuffy and itchy all of a sudden and Dean’s only desire was to slip under a warm shower.
The constant feeling of going under and holding his breath. Of painfully drowning as he climbed those steps and left the bunker with the feeling of death within his body. Oh how he adored Dean. He loved him endlessly and completely because Dean helped him escape. He helped him to dream a little more of what could be instead of what was supposed to happen. Of what they could become instead of what they always were.
"Don't thank me. I'd do anything for you."
“Shut up!” Charlie stared at him after the two of them settled into their seats in the backrow of the class. “You’re freaking kidding me, right?
"Dad can be such a dick sometimes," Claire said before folding her arms and casting a glare at Castiel who was still lacking words in the conversation shared with Bobby and John. "He gets so sensitive like a girl for the stupidest things. Like before I left, he kept going on and on about how I was being ridiculous because I wanted to leave."
Obviously he did cry, because wasn't that the state in which he left Dean? Shaking and doubtful, angry and it was so reminiscent of the same disposition when Lisa wasn't coming around anymore or when Jo stopped answering his calls. Dean was on the brink of returning to drowning in that tank of anger again that would only blossom and become detrimental to his health, where he would slip into a sense of feeling less important and very much against the prospects of love. And out of all the people in the world who chose to bring back that kind of hurricane, Castiel realized that he should have been the last to do such a thing to Dean.
After the bed rocked a little from Castiel adjusting his position, Dean turned around, ready to say something that he wasn’t so sure what it was. And when the older man’s back greeted him in the dark, he sighed and accepted that maybe their conversation really was over for the night.
"I was thinking that it was weird as hell," Sam butted in.
Castiel figured that at some point they would have to face reality; that almost a month had gone by since he last saw Dean.
“Being bipolar.”
He tried to digest it all, the perfect architecture and warmth generated despite the bitter winter raging outside but most of all, those green eyes latched onto the water gliding over the older man’s half naked body as he continued to swim without realizing that his movements were silently observed.
"You've got to admit that this is the perfect setting for anyone to fall in love," Sam kept going gaily, sipping more champagne. "Look at them, finding each other. Dancing with someone who will most likely be in their beds tonight."
“Exactly,” folding her arms, she sighed as their eyes met, and even though her complexion paled out severely, those rosy cheeks were still dusted with color. “Look, I really love her, okay? But I couldn’t stay over there because I had to make a choice and I ended up ditching her to come back to dad. You got to understand that at least. Priorities. You don’t always get what you want.”
up your alleyway,” Castiel shuddered, arms folded and he narrowed his eyes at Ellen sitting alongside John on the couch before the fire. “I’ve attempted the books but my goodness because Balthazar purchased them for guilty pleasure. But BDSM is not my cup of tea.”
Ellen was quite fond of her friend's depth of admiration for the young man but believed that sometimes he doubted whether the relationship would really be something of permanence. "Have you two talked about these things though?"
Swiping a copy of Entertainment Weekly from the rack, Lee studied it and sighed because his friend's signature move was to deflect. “Nah. Wish we were. Then it would give me time to revisit a couple of places here and there like the animal shelter for instance. Heard it’s still there and taken over by some rich dude who owns a bunch of other ones around the country. Really and truly,” he flipped the pages idly as his voice settled into a softer tone, “we’re here investigating that drug bust you probably know about. The one involving the fucking church. Of all the clichés…”
Intoxication, it seemed, brought out the most hurtful words from Castiel, words that sliced thinly but drew blood and Dean understood that he was indeed overthinking the situation but he still felt the wounds. He understood that they weren't exactly about to jump into something as close to marriage but he wouldn't have believed that Castiel would consider their relationship as under construction.
“Do you want us to leave?” he asked Dean as the hunter was literally struggling to contain his emotions. Something was clearly bothering him to a point where he had left his coffee to grow cold.
His hands were trembling after ending the message and then taking deep breaths, and being fully aware that saying those things leveled his mind, he continued.
“So what are you really, huh?” Dorothy pushed through the loud chatter and eyed someone approaching behind Dean. “What’s the correct answer?”
The silence afterwards though became a little painful enough to warrant Castiel's further scrutiny upon the face of a young man who was determined to cast his glare onto the lake. If his heated green eyes could gain enough power, he would have simmered the water to accompany steam. But then gradually, he swallowed and nodded before inhaling deeply.
Castiel sighed, and tilted his head to study the television. “Not so much but I have quite a surprise to relate to you, dearest Dean. And brace yourself, because this might astonish you in more ways than one. Or perhaps,” Castiel frowned over his glass of wine, “it might thrill you but I hope not. Hmm,” rubbing his bottom lip upon the rim of the glass, he blinked slowly as if internally assessing something.
"I'm not calm," Cas said in a broken voice. He reached out and took the rope on Dean's right. Their fingers were inches apart. "I'm tense and uncertain too. But I'm trying to do things that distract me. Puzzles. Teas. Nessie. Reading a story to a small child that understands love in its simplest form. What we have is so much more complicated but that's why it's so much more beautiful. And I think that we both need to forgive each other for the pain we've caused, whether intentional or not before we can move on."
The kiss was different from the others though, almost as if there was no gravity and they were being lifted off the ground in each other's arms. To Dean, it felt like a fairytale moment with the heart illuminated around them, especially how everyone just cheered loudly, happily and together. Sam and Charlie's exclamations were loudest, possibly reaching Balthazar on the other end of the moor but then when Dean pinpointed the British accent somewhere in their midst, he marveled over how much he missed in the details. And when they pulled apart, breathless as the world around them spun dangerously, they rested their foreheads together and smiled through the bliss.
"Why do you keep thinking that I'll ever let him go?" his son inquired from the tree where he was quietly fixing a few ornaments of Santa Clause neatly into the branches. "I'm not going to. He's stuck with me for as long as." Castiel winked at the younger man and gingerly chewed on his bottom lip, feet crossed and hands folded in his lap.
Dean was so convinced though, that it was just simply a one-sided affair.
“Both of you!” Dean shouted from the driver’s side, “in the backseat! Now! Dammit.”
“I’d be more than happy to drive you around to collect,” Dean offered a smug look at his brother. “Because I’m very responsible and take charitable work to heart.”
“Yeah?” Dean held his breathe as Castiel slid an arm around his waist comfortingly. “What’s happened?”
"Yeah," Claire sighed and stared out the window. "Love is just never easy for me."
At first, what he thought to be completely ludicrous was replaced by a sense of shock.
going as his date.”
As the wind swirled around them, chasing thoughts and leaves and trying to scatter hope here and there, the two of them stared in disbelief at their phones.
The angel shrugged. "The ones you look at on your laptop. I have no idea where the hamster comes in but—"
“I’m fine with some sparkling water,” she said wringing her hands as her worried stare bounced back and forth between them.
The younger man's eyes widened, obviously expecting that his wishes would be granted until Castiel unwound the purple scarf from around his neck quickly and draped it around Dean's neck. His fingertips brushed soft, cold skin where the winter covered but his lips not so long ago roamed, where his teeth grazed across that perfect jawline and he buried his moans into soft dark blonde hair.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said in low tone, wishing he could suck all the pain out of the room.
Cas' throat ached. Maybe it was the struggle of holding the tears at bay.
Dean Winchester, was magical, like a unicorn. He oozed magic, sex appeal hopefully and he was damn proud of that moment, privileged for the final confirmation that the other man
The older Winchester snatched the cassette from the other man's grasp and pushed it into the deck, those green eyes dancing. "Let's hear it then. This could ultimately be…" When Berlin's 'Take My Breath Away' began, Dean's eyes widened. "Damn."
"What?" Cas stared in disbelief at the other man. For a moment, he couldn't speak.
“Yeah,” I said quickly, swallowing hard and lowering my eyes as I willingly accepted the truth. I don’t think we had to talk about it. The evidence was already there for me at least and I wasn’t going to push. “Forget about it,” clearing my throat, I waved it off and shifted my eyes elsewhere. “It’s nothing.”
I just stared at him for a while because I couldn’t believe he would continue with this hurtful communication between us. “It’s not pity! It’s me caring about you.” I was so riled up immediately that my heart thudded wildly inside of my chest. “Whether you choose to believe it or not, I am someone who doesn’t choose to abandon people unless I have a good reason.”
“I love you too, sweetheart,” Castiel’s gravelly voice was filled with so much love.
It was like working a case and having a conflict of interest because the topic of the case was the reason why he couldn’t sleep at nights. The reason why he cried. And if he was to even attempt to write an article about Dean, then his words would be biased and too prejudiced from love.
For a few seconds, Dean merely looked at Cas and became lost in his eyes that were the same color of the sky as night crept in. A darker blue that also reminded him of the sea at night, not fighting against heavy winds but calm.
“You know, it’s quite funny that you would mention Ellen because Jo is in town again.”
"I want to…ask you now but I don't have the ring."
Dean nodded slowly and bit his lips, then he shrugged. “More like hanging on the precipice for four weeks straight and waking up to feel like it’s just one bad day. I think that the worst part is that I wake up one morning…” he scratched the back of his neck, “and I’m suddenly pumped. I’m on top of the world, like a King armed with smiles and plenty of adrenaline to push me through. For instance, I can get so fucked up that I’m driving my car and my foot hits the pedal and it’s like the race of thoughts in my mind wants to match the speed. It gets pretty wild, Cas.”
Sam sighed. "Just like he never listened to me when I told him that he was a fool for falling for someone like you."
"But it wasn't him." Sam shrugged.
"At least she's opening up to one of you though," Sam said simply, "and it's not like she's out there doing what she wants without telling someone about it."
He was so certain of facing reality, of actually kissing the older man that his heart strained against his chest, eager to escape from the trauma but still he gave up his composure. His mind kept tugging him back like drawing a bow and still Dean encouraged the meeting of their lips. Slowly and then passionately until the two of them were exploring each other with their hands and then—
From the moment the outdoors was locked away and inside greeted him with hushed conversations, their eyes met and of course Castiel was helping himself to more wine, which immediately dusted the younger man in worry. A prior occasion swept into Dean's mind, of slurred words and an abundance of the word 'fuck'. He was instantly confused and anxious because from the moment they studied each other, Castiel's guilt shone like a lighthouse beam and Dean was quite convinced of one thing; the drinking was fueled by something very troubling.
