Tony wanted to be away.  From him, Steve mentally corrected himself. Tony wanted to be away from him.
(See the end of the chapter for
The countertop was cracked.  Not just on the top, but down through the layers of faded yellow laminate in thin, spidery cracks that swept out to cut through the line of green vines that ran along the edge.  Tony frowned and peered at it, then looked over to see a nearly identical pattern on the other side of the sink.  Not coincidentally, where Steve had been idly grinding his fists.
“Bucky!” Steve frowned at the crudeness.
The hinges made a noise when Tony pushed the door open fully.  Everything in this place creaked, groaned or otherwise protested like it was Occupy Lumberjack.   He had gotten to almost find it endearing, the way the cabin seemed to sometimes talk back like a surly, old aunt who clucked and snorted disapprovingly from her rocking chair while pretending not to listen to your conversation.  How many times had he laid in his bed and listened for the squeak of Steve’s door to open or the telltale footfall on that one floorboard in the hallway that always crackled in the morning as if it, too, wasn’t happy about waking up?
He might like Steve a little.  Or, maybe not, not yet, but he might be able to like Steve a little, and that qualified as a revelation, as far as he was concerned.  It had never occurred to him that he might like his Alpha.  Not living in terror seemed the thing to shoot for there.  Liking his Alpha?  So far off the grid, it might as well be a compound in Montana with a shitton of condensed milk and a Unibomber starter kit.
“Heya, Steve, how’s it hanging?” Neighbor Guy asked.
“Why? You’re just a bigger target if they start shooting,” Steve reminded him.
In addition to having to skirt areas too damaged by Pierce’s assault to allow for their passage, part of the reason their journey took so long was due to all the additional provisions they were carrying, far beyond anything Steve was used to seeing even at Fury’s camp. Along with triple the soldiers he had requested, there were more supplies, weapons and armor than Steve had quite known what to do with, even given the importance of their mission.
Again, the minutes stretched out.   Steve watched the King. Waited.  He wasn’t sure what he was waiting for, but the more time passed, the harder it was to keep still.  It felt like there was a weight on his chest, making each rise and fall all the more difficult.  A jittery, crawling sensation was coursing under his skin.  The warm pressure in his gut seemed to spread, inching its way down his half-hard cock.
“Unfortunately, One-Eyed Willie here can’t stay, but so nice of you to drop by, completely uninvited and unannounced. Feel free to do that again never,” Tony rushed out. “Steve and I have an appointment to get to anyway.”
Well,
“I know,” Tony replied.  The chopper was setting down on their side lawn, making loud, thumping-whirring noises.  The medics had the stretcher out of the ambulance and were rolling in inside with various medical bags and equipment loaded on top.  Happy popped the car door open and waited next to it for Tony.
Finally, he steeled himself, trying to keep his voice steady. “I think about you, too,” he admitted.  “Like…like that.”  As soon as he said it, he felt Tony stiffen in his arms, and he wondered if he’d screwed up, made some mistake he didn’t even know was possible to make because he hadn’t ever done this before, somehow destroyed whatever illusion of himself that Tony kept in his head on some damnable pedestal that didn’t have those kind of thoughts, would never do something like that, would—did Tony just whine?
The door to Tony’s apartment was ahead.  Crap.  He’d left his keys…somewhere.  At Ty’s maybe. He couldn’t remember.
Ah, young love, Tony grimaced.  He wanted to vomit.  He wasn’t sure if it was the whole sucking-face thing or the booze, but his stomach was roiling sourly in his gut.  Tony closed his eyes and let out a breath of air.  Just breathe, he told himself.  He should try texting Ty again, he thought, though he made no move to dig into his jacket pocket for his phone.  It was too loud down there for Ty to hear anyway.  That must be it.  He should tell Ty to turn up the volume or switch it to vibrate or something.  Steve always heard his texts.  Or phone calls.  Or annoyed bitching at some grabby-hands at the bar even though he was halfway across the room holding them a table.  Whatever.  Point being, Steve would have heard the texts, and Tony wouldn’t be laying on some dingy carpet with Flopsy, Mopsy and Dusttail for company being scolded into excellence by an eagle with a dart through its tail.
“I—yes!  Yes, it is, Your Highness.  I couldn’t possibly, though, Your Highness, I—” Peran spluttered, clearly at a loss.
...before.  It was always a stray, fleeting caress, almost like it could be accidental, but not this time.  This time, there was true empathy there, Steve would stake his life on it.
It wasn’t cold in the room, though.  He doubted anything here was ever actually cold.  Just some stagnant state of being not-hot that never managed to move the needle towards cold.  The sheets were bunched at the end of the bed where he must have kicked them off and managed to tangle them around his feet instead.  Walking through sand.  That’s what he’d been doing in his dream.  Walking through sheets of sand that went on and on, making his legs cramp and blistering his feet until each step was agony.
Something…else.
“I was thinking of…what brought you to me,” Tony replied.  “I do not care to think of you like that, and yet, that is all that seems to fill my head.  Raiders are the bane of my existence these days, and yet, I have never hated them quite the way I do in this moment.  I should concede to Obie’s plan to hire privateers to protect the guild ships.  It is the smart thing to do.  The whole council agrees. And yet, all I can think of is how pleasing it would be to send my navy to destroy them, ship by ship, until they are scourged from this earth.  It should probably bother me how badly I want this.  Perhaps it will, eventually.”  His voice was calm.  Almost too calm, Steve thought, for it did not match his words, and that was somehow worse.  It vibrated, low and steady, the way the ground shakes under the pounding of hooves, and warned you that something terrible was on the way.
“I--no,” Steve admitted.  “I haven’t actually done this in...a while. And not with anything like this,” he said, nodding at the rod.
“Oh?  Steve, did you take candy from strangers again?  We’ve talked about this,” Tony said archly, picking up his tablet and typing something into the search bar, though there was no real censure in his voice.  If anything, Tony sounded rather gleeful about the whole thing, if only because it was in Steve’s lap and not his own.
Russian Translation available here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13544253  Thank you to Riru for translating!
“Tony, you want to build things for SI, right?  You’ve clearly given it a lot of thought.  Well, until the company passes to me, there’s only so much influence I can have.  SHIELD and its multi-million dollar drone contract, on the other hand…that’s pretty persuasive,” Steve suggested evenly.  “I know it won’t be easy for you.  You’ll have to convince the people at SI to listen to you, and they won’t want to.  They’ll think you’re there because of me or your father.  Maybe a lot like those agents who just spent over two hours typing out everything you said.  Give them a bit of a chance to see you, to see what you can do, and they’ll come around.”
“Colonel,” Steve replied as he shook Rhodey’s hand.
Tony obviously had his own life, separate from Steve.  He’d know that.  Hell, he’d fed that omelets and toast.  That Tony had plenty of opportunities for trysts was not news.  That Tony would take off in the middle of an event he’d come to with Steve was new, however.  But Steve could hardly blame him for not feeling like Steve would want him around, what with the deplorable way he’d treated him the past week, ignoring him with no explanation, leaving Tony to think the worst because while the  man could project enough self-confidence to light a block, he should really come with a “Caution—Handle with Care” sign.  And Steve had known that and still decided to simply push away without thought of how Tony would perceive that.  If Tony found…comfort…elsewhere, well, Steve could hardly blame him, he thought harshly, taking a ragged breath.
“I messed up,” Steve said after a long moment. He wasn’t even sure what he was talking about. A wave of emotion, almost too much to bear, washed over him. He squeezed his eyes shut, feeling them sting. “Im sorry, Tony. I’m so sorry.”
Tony should have a ring, though, Steve thought.  A Bonding ring.  Tony hadn’t asked about it, but Steve had checked. That was still something people did.  Exchanged Bonding rings.  Tony was probably expecting something, and Steve was, of course, behind the ball, he thought with a mental sigh.  He wanted something nice for Tony, of course. but not too flashy. He didn’t think Tony would want a big diamond or something like that. At least, he hadn’t noticed anything remotely like that in Tony’s room, and Tony hadn’t dropped any hints that Steve picked up on, the way Steve sort of imagined an Omega would, at least they had done that in a couple of the movies Steve remembered watching.  Leaving a page in a magazine open, talking about someone else’s ring, those kinds of things. Tony didn’t do that.
A long stretch of silence followed.  Finally, Steve heard Tony let out a sigh.  “I was four the first time Howard hit me,” he said.  “Just a slap. He apologized after.  Cried even, he was so sorry.  Got me a new circuit board.  Said it would never happen again.  Made me promise not to tell.  I never did.  I’ve never told anyone that.”
“Sorry.  It’s not my place, I know, but…I think you should let them help you.  I think they’d…want to know.  How much you do,” Steve said, turning around to face Tony as he leaned against the railing with the water gurgling behind him.  He was frowning, this one filled with frustration, and Tony had a momentary surge of déjà vu that seemed so real, he drew back with it, losing his footing for a flash of a second.  Steve’s hands shot out and grabbed his arms, steadying him, then loosened, but didn’t let go.  “You’re a good man, Tony.  Why are you hiding that?” Steve asked, voice husky and rough with an emotion Tony couldn’t quite place, but made his heart gallop to a thudding rhythm.
Normally, Tony wouldn’t have even noticed, public scrutiny being such a part and parcel of his life that it had long ago become some kind of autonomic function that registered only in its absence.  This time though…this time, he was strangely conscious of the looks.  Their gazes settled over him with a vague, constraining kind pressure, making him almost overly aware of every movement, every inhale and exhale, the noise of his own heart beating loudly in his ears in a rush of too-quick, staccato thumps.
“Oh, uh, yes. Yeah, Happy drove me. He’s probably still waiting.  Parking garage.  Level three,” Tony informed him.  They were finally leaving this place, and it’s sterile, boring unartistic rooms lacking in red pillows.  They made it to the parking area after only encountering another five people who needed to be informed of recent developments because Steve had nixed the sandwich board and leaflet ideas.
“You could stay.  If you wanted.  Just for a little while,” Steve said, looking back towards the vista that spread out beneath the cabin.  “Tell me about what I’m looking at.”  At first, Tony wasn’t even sure if he’d heard the invitation or just started listening to his own wishful thinking.
After Tony drank his fill, the alien moved away, down to the end of the table again, waving a hand as he did and sending the not-gel back over Tony so that he was covered entirely again in a warm, heavy blanket.  A warm, heavy blanket that glowed. Whatever.
“My design,” Tony said, grabbing a couple of towels from a basket and ascending the steps to the tub.  “They heat the water downstairs, and then it is pumped up here using a piston. Also, mine.”
He met Tony’s kiss with an urgency all his own, pouring everything he couldn’t quite say into it, love and gratitude and desire. Hope.  Dreams.  He would give Tony a future, a house by the sea, the thing he had lost and kept trying to regain without understanding what it was he was trying to rebuild was not made of stone and earth, but something more. Something far, far stronger.
“She was a Philosophy major at MIT.  I actually introduced her to Barnes, believe it or not,” Tony recalled.  “ Granted, that was mostly so he’d abdicate presidency of the I Heart Steve Fan Club, but still.  She was friends with Thor, and he just kind of tagged along into the group like a very large, lost puppy.  He was an international student—Norwegian, though not a prince, sorry--doing Ancient and Medieval Studies like he was channeling the Daniel Day-Lewis school of method acting.  Good guy, though.  Had a brother that was a bit of an asshole.  One time, my birthday, actually, he got Bruce so wound up, I thought Bruce was actually going to throw a punch, but Steve…he, well, Steve--”  Tony ground to a halt, swallowed, stopped, throat gone bone dry, and looked helplessly at Pepper.
“The dreams,” Steve said, frowning. The room had stopped spinning, but it was still taking everything he could do to concentrate.  “You--you know about them.”  He could feel a warm flush creeping up his neck and watched Tony’s eyes sharpen their focus, his mouth opening just enough for his tongue to wet his lips. Steve’s gaze followed the motion, his cock hardening even more as he tried to force his body to ignore the pounding heat building inside.
“Be careful out there, Shellhead,” Steve called out.
“Oh, so, maybe movie night, then?” Tony suggested.
“Except you, of course, who freely admonishes me,” Tony grinned, reached for Steve’s hand and raised it to brush his lips over Steve’s knuckles. Steve bowed his head and watched as Tony walked towards the gathering of mounted guards that stood in formation as they waited for their King.
“No bother.  What can I do for you?” Steve asked.
The last thing Tony remembered was Arnold telling the Predator it was one ugly motherfucker.  When he woke up, he was tucked in his bed with his shoes neatly lined up next to his dresser, the laces even tucked inside.  He groaned and rolled over, scrubbing a hand over his face.  Tonight was the gala.  He should get up and iron his suit.  Maybe spend some quality grooming time.
“Confirmed,” she said. The line went dead. That was it, then. He would go. He would go and… and deal with everything else tomorrow. He smiled a soft, half-smile, shaking his head a bit in amazement. The man said yes. He wanted to come back and… do that again. With Steve. It felt good. Like he had the stranger’s approval somehow, and just the certainty of it, knowing who waited for him, knowing the person wanted him like that, God, that was nice. Being wanted. Needed. Even when he probably deserved it, and if the man–but, he didn’t. He didn’t know. He didn’t know anything. Steve was just a cock using the man’s ass, and that was good enough for whatever the stranger was getting out of it. A surge of heat pooled low in his belly, and he stroked a hand down his chest, closing his eyes. Yeah. That would be okay. Better than okay. He needed to not be in his head for a bit.
Not that it was a big deal.  Just.  It was nice.  Steve liked to read Tony bits and pieces of articles and ask him questions about things.  Not quiz-like, or rhetorically asked for the joy of hearing your own voice confirm what you thought, like Howard sometimes did.  Or questions where there were no right answers, which Tony hated, because he knew he was being played every time he stepped up to spin the big wheel.
“Well, I'm glad we could have this little talk,” Steve whispered, leaning forward and bending low over the table.
“You are beautiful for him.  He will be so happy, Raj’Inama,” Cam announced with a wide smile, clearly pleased with the results of his suggestions.
, who shamed reporters because they said mean things and saluted highly-ranked goats and made sure the waiter didn’t pop the champagne because he knew the sound would bother Tony.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, reaching blindly for Steve with a dry, heaving sob.  His head dipped to Steve’s chest. He didn’t mean to cry, not in front of Steve, but it was all suddenly too much. Steve’s arms wrapped around him, pulling him close.
Tony wanted to find it trifling.  He’d just been talking about adaptive armor, now he was listening to Sugar lament that Deacon was never going to settle down and find an Omega, but it was strangely relaxing, being here, with just Omegas, listening to the mundane parts of everyday life.   They seemed, overall, to be happy, which was something of a revelation in and of itself, though he wasn’t sure why.  When he thought of happy couples, he thought of his parents, though…that wasn’t quite right, he realized, looking over at Charles.  His parents would probably say they were happy, but he wasn’t sure they even knew what it meant anymore.
Obie was in there, too, at his father’s side like always, pushing for every inch they could get out of the deal.  That was what Obie was good at.  Closing the deal, the particulars, the details.  Dotting the I’s and crossing the T’s.  Or, more specifically, making sure the company, God forbid, didn’t get screwed in whatever deal it was Tony’s father hatched. Howard had come home from one of his business trips practically frothing at the mouth over this guy, and Obie probably worried he’d sign over half the company to get an Alpha like that to take Tony.
“I can make it worth your while.  I know you need the money, Steve,” Stane continued. “There isn’t any reason this can’t be mutually beneficial when you play by the rules.  He’s weak, Steve.  You can see that.  You say jump and look at how easily he begs you to tell him how high.  He’s so desperate to please, it’s revolting.  That’s not the kind of man you can respect, Steve.  You don’t want that.  You don’t
“Yeah. I thought about it a lot last night,” Steve told him. “I think this is--I don’t know if it’s the
“Should we be, I don’t know, worried?” Tony asked. “She’s like, this big,” he pointed out, holding his hand out next to him.
“Fine, fifteen minutes,” Barnes finished, goggling his eyes at Tony.
“I know,” Tony said quietly.  “Bruce says you’re my inkwell.  No.  Wait.  That’s not right.  You have a ponytail.”
, he had said when handed Steve the device.
“Ha!  A far more accurate depiction, no doubt, but we can’t very well show them the truth of things.  You should know enough of all of this to know that by now,” Tony said with a grimace.
“Remember when I said we didn’t have anything to worry about with these Hydra-wannabes?” Steve said, sounding more frustrated than actually injured, though there was something off in his voice.
“Voices.  People disappearing, that kind of thing,” Tony said. Bruce made a noncommittal sound, then went back to perusing the forest floor.
“Why are you here, Steve?” Tony husked out, his voice hard and low and full of a demand that Steve’s body seemed ready to meet, regardless of what his mind wanted.
“Everyone needed him, Howard.  Everyone,” Peggy said quietly.  “They always did.  There was never enough of him, you know?  Not because he wasn’t enough, of course. Of course, he was, but because the rest of the world is just so damn terrible.”
“He says this to you because you are the King and wish it to be so,” Cam countered with his usual equanimity, making Tony chuckle.
The carriage trundled through the gates, leaving the city behind, across the moat, half drained from the heat and use, to the expanse of cleared field on the other side of the wall.  All the better to see your enemies approach, Steve knew, admiring the careful precision with which the area was kept pristine.
that.  This was way better.  No frills, no attachments, just a mature relationship between two adults who weren’t looking to be tied down.  Freedom, really, that’s what it was.
The suit looped and glided, twisting and turning through the emptiness.  He felt wild and free. It was beautiful out here, really. He let out a whoop of joy into the chamber of his suit and flew on, on, away, and God, it was glorious.
Tony studied the water for a moment, the lines still except for the occasional breeze.  “It’s okay,” he said finally, chewing his bottom lip a bit.  “I mean, old-fashioned’s cool and all.  Retro or whatever. Besides, it’s kind of fun to introduce you to stuff.”  He shrugged a bit, then shot Steve a slightly rueful look.
,” Tony began, “is because I have to face the man who played me for a fool in front of the whole kingdom and pretend that it bothers me naught that he did.  Rhodey thinks Ty means it as an insult, and I should call the tourney off entirely.”
“There you two are,” Coulson said as the doors whooshed open.
“Are you fine, Tony?  Is that what you are?” Jarvis pressed after a long pause spent watching Tony, seemingly idly, but it was enough to make Tony want to squirm like a bug who knew the pin was coming, but couldn’t move away fast enough.  “I have been here over an hour. You’ve shown me your car, your garage, your telescope, your room.  Which desperately needs tidying, by the way.  All of these things are lovely, of course.  But, you’ve barely mentioned your Alpha, and when you do, it is like you are talking about a stranger who happens to occasionally pop round to see you fed and bring you gifts.  This doesn’t suggest fine to me, Tony, though I know how good you are at convincing yourself otherwise.  You can tell me, you know.  You always could.  This is no different than a skinned knee from climbing, wanting to take classes or rummaging for tossed out bits of machinery in the recycle.  Whatever it is, good or bad, you can tell me.  You can tell me, and we will figure it out.”
“Not the exact words, but...the feeling,” Steve replied.  “To you, it means, we should see what is out there.”
“Not just yet,” Tony protested with a low chuckle, catching himself by bracing his hands on the side of the bed next to Steve.  “You might not have noticed, but I’m rather something of a mess.”  It was true, Steve saw now. Tony’s hair was wet and slicked back.  His pants were splattered with water and, well, other things. One tail of his shirt had come loose and dangled haphazardly.
“Not about that, you ass,” Tony ground out, jerking his head towards where the jet hovered above them. “The other thing! The thing you just said! I heard you say the thing.”
“Probably not anymore,” Steve mumbled, shooting a side-ways smile at Tony.
“My mistake,” Stand nodded up at Steve, then dropped his gaze back down to Tony.  Familiar. Conciliatory. Concerned. It was practiced, but Steve thought it was probably so practiced that he could only see it now because Tony had warned him.  Stane moved with his whole body when he talked, invading Tony’s space,
“No, no, I don’t think I’ve heard that one,” Rhodey said with a fond smile.
Shellhead tapped at the tops of the waves, his tentacles making thumping sounds under the boat, which sort of surprised Steve, since he’d talked about Sam before.  He didn’t think he had ever actually mentioned that Sam was a negro, though, so maybe that somehow interested Shellhead for whatever unfathomable reason. Would someone like Shellhead even make such a distinction between humans?  It was an arresting thought, Steve realized, since so much of his life was defined by those supposed distinctions. Even most of the people who fought against slavery wouldn’t go so far as to say that the color of your skin or your origin didn’t matter.  Maybe it took someone like Shellhead to see the sameness, Steve thought with no small amount of wonder. Not for the first time, he thought to himself how much his world could use someone like Shellhead. Bit of perspective would certainly do a lot of good, he figured, even though it wasn’t meant to be.
fine.  Surprisingly fine.  Centering, somehow.  Something to hold onto when he couldn’t hold on to the phantom life-preserver that wasn’t there anymore.  Tony focused on the feel of Steve’s hand, warm and gentle where it wrapped around his own in a loose grip. The sound of his heart thudding in his chest faded to a dull, distant echo as he slowed.  The pulling hitch in his chest lessened.  Just a bit.  But, it lessened.  I don’t like being handed things, except Steve, apparently, Tony thought with a sort of maniacal glee that surged from the pit of his stomach.  His therapist would tell him dramatic emotional shifts were a sign of trauma-induced anxiety, but that was just that kind of unhelpful information that stopped him from going to his sessions.
They stepped inside as the pod slowly rotated.  Eight large video monitors circled the top of the pod, though, thankfully, the usual video of trivia and Vegas highlights had been replaced with some kind of eighties technicolor light show set, somewhat incongruously, to a soft Elvis ballad Steve recognized, though couldn’t quite place. A small table draped in a white cloth and flanked by two red velvet-covered chairs sat near the far glass window, with an open bottle of champagne chilling in a tall silver stand next to it.  Domed silver dishes were waiting on the table, with a single, long-stemmed rose in a vase in the center.
There was an expectant quiet stretching between them, so thin, Tony thought he’d be the one to break it, but he forced himself not to push.  All he’d done tonight was push, and it had gotten him a fat lot of nowhere.     Steve dropped his eyes to his shoes, where he was toeing a line in the slush that piled on the edge of the sidewalk, then back up at Tony, eyes narrowed against the wind that whipped down the street and kept blowing Tony’s hair over his eyes.
“We then proceed to start a torrid phone sex relationship for the next seven days, then go our separate ways, though he’ll never be the same, really, and all of his relationships will fall short, though he won’t want to admit
This is what you saw, Tony thought, biting the inside of his cheek. This is why Vegas.  He caught Pepper watching him, and quickly turned back to the snake-oil guy.
When Tony finally did get his feet to move, he hit the front door to the cabin at as near a run as he could manage while still technically calling it a brisk walk in the night air. It wasn't that he thought Steve was going to change his mind or suddenly let Tony in on the elaborate joke. It was that he was fairly sure if he stood there any longer, he'd ask Steve why, and that, folks, was not a conversation that needed to be had. Ever. The fine line between knowing the answers and getting the answers was where sanity lived.
Tony sighed and tucked the drawing safely away in a long drawer.  He still needed to find a frame for his Maria, and now he could add this one to the collection.  He suspected he might end up covering his bedroom wall with Steve’s drawings, and that...didn’t sound so bad, actually.  He could take down the posters of heavy metal bands that no one was around to hate.  Made them wildly less interesting.
“I’m not climbing in that rig and getting stuck like a turtle on its back when it falls over,” Steve shrugged.  “I prefer to be mobile in a fight.”
“I’m not asking you to be any different than you are, Tony.  We’ve both changed since everything happened.  Probably a lot more than either of us realize.  Maybe…maybe those changes, maybe they’re the kind that move us a little bit closer to each other instead of further away,” Steve said slowly, like he was trying out the words in his head even as he said them.  “We’re not the people we were, but the people we were kind of screwed up.”
“I can’t do this,” Steve husked out, feeling his jaw tighten until his teeth hurt.
“I know,” Steve replied. “I’ll come back to you, Tony, you know I always do, don’t I?”
said you couldn’t live like this and asked me to cough on you,” Rhodey reminded him.  He hefted the binoculars again and turned around, scanning the city. “Huh,” he said after a moment.
“Sounds like he wanted you to blow off some steam,” Tony observed, sipping the coffee, which made him long for the vaguely-coffee flavored hot water he’d been offered earlier. “But you don’t want to. Not with me, at least, which, hey, fine, your call, but you aren’t exactly the kind of guy that needs to call for delivery. Might be a good idea to take your friend’s advice.”
“If you say so,” Steve said, pausing for a moment. “You’ll still take the boy to ward?” he asked, though he knew the answer.
He could hear her admonishing him in his head and let out a small, chagrined laugh.
He walked in to what was now a somewhat familiar entry, looking longingly at the Pollack before heading for the living room.  It was empty, and he turned his head to the ceiling to ask JARVIS, but then heard footsteps coming up the stairs.  He hadn’t really noticed the stairs last night, too focused on Tony and what was going to happen, and wondered curiously what was down below.  But then Tony’s head appeared at the top of the steps coming to a halt as he reached the living room level, and he stopped wondering about anything else.  He smiled a little lopsidedly in greeting.  “Hi,” he said uncertainly.
The elevator ride to his office floor was too short, though that was probably good. One could only work up so much anxiety between three floors unless you were in The Raid. He could see Steve's tall shadow behind the frosted glass doors as he approached, standing and sort of shifting around in the twisting, awkward way Steve did when he wasn't sure what to do with a body that sometimes still wanted to think it was three sizes too big.
“Carbon fiber reinforced polymer,” Tony said.  Steve didn’t know exactly what that was, but the words were familiar enough.
Of course, the explosion was the
, if he did, like some kind of accomplishment---it all swirled inside Steve’s head, pleasure, yes, but the freedom to let himself go and enjoy it, too. He felt light. Floaty, even, like he was still weightlessly buoyed in the pool’s water.
“I’m not talking about the damn money, and you know it,” Bucky snapped back, then grimaced and rubbed his good hand over his mouth.  “I’m talking,” he continued, slower, calmer, a bit cajoling this time, a little bit of the old Brooklyn accent slipping in, the way it always did when Bucky was trying to convince him of something.  “About you, you idiot.  The way you—the way you are, right now.  God, Steve, I haven’t seen you look this happy in ages.  Do you know what it does to me to see you so fucking miserable all the time? To watch you just barely manage to get through the day?  Over and over, and know it’s because of me.  Don’t,” Bucky said sharply, holding up his hand when Steve opened his mouth to protest.  “Yeah, yeah, that guy at the bar was a dick, but I was the one who went out drinking, wasn’t taking my meds, not the way I was supposed to, anyway, and went spoiling for a fight with anyone who so much as looked at me wrong.”
Silences had never been his best moments, Tony thought, as the car drove through the gate and past the guard house.  Coulson was reading something on his tablet, and their driver, a short, stocky man impossibly named Happy, occasionally pointed out various points of interest, which, in this area, largely amounted to restaurants where you could get a great burger, the junior food store with a beer cave, and a tackle store that had crickets by the hundred, which Tony assumed was so you could fish for Megalodon or something.
“You say this, even...as I am?” Tony asked in a voice pitched deep and skeptical, his head tilting to the side. “The Claim. It is--” he broke off, a derisive huff of air out of his nose, “It is very powerful.” He looked down at Steve, his face held tight. “You know not what you say.”
“Ah,” Steve mumbled, rubbing a hand over his mouth.  “Yeah.”
“Tony,” Steve groaned, filling him completely.  “
If Steve was really going to let him be involved with the company…well, not let, so much as practically shove Tony at it and hope he stuck.  Point being, Tony could do more to help the company grow, which would make Steve happy, so…yeah.  He could do that.
“Tony…are you…are you okay?  With this?  Being here, I mean…you seemed—on the way up here, you seemed…well, I don’t know.  Agitated, I guess,” Steve asked, bringing his hand up and running it through Tony’s hair, just behind his right temple.   Steve’s eyes dipped down for a flash, landing on the center of Tony’s chest before drawing back to Tony’s face with a look tight with concern.
“Stop,” Steve ordered in a sharp, whip-cracked tone.  Rumlow flinched.  Steve found he liked that. He wasn’t sure who he was talking to.  Probably himself.  The Anthony who haunted him, with his pasted-on smile and terrible suit and small act of defiance that said more than either of those, was gone, and Rumlow was staring at him, wide-eyed.
Rhodey would be proud. Well, once he got past the yelling at Tony coming back here again without him and rummaging through Steve's things like a garage-sale early-bird. But, eventually, definitely proud. It was done. Over. Steve would drop the paperwork off tomorrow, the lawyers would take it from there, and Tony never had to worry about this again.
“I will give you anything, but that one thing,” Tony said in a low, husky whisper. “That one thing, Steve.
He’d liked seeing her finally happy, though.  Really happy, in all the ways a person should be.  She never asked him to move aside when Angie showed up, just made the world a bit bigger, and suddenly, their tiny house was filled with laughter and messes and tears and more love than he would have thought possible. A good life, Steve thought.  He didn’t mind not having much of it left now.  It felt right, this end.  Fitting, somehow.
Tony stood up and walked to the center of the cell, listening.  Yep.  There was a thump.  A louder thump.  Some kind of crunching sound.  Well, that couldn’t be good.
“Well, if anyone gets to give the ‘It’s not you, it’s me,’ speech, I guess it would be you,” Natasha chided mildly, seeming more amused than offended.  “You don’t have to do this, you know,” she offered, voice low this time, meant only for Steve.  “Any of this.  Me, I…I guess I need to balance some things out, you know?  What I did before.  Who I was.  I can’t make that go away, but this—at least I can try to even things out a little, I suppose.  I don’t know if that’s how it works,” she said, turning to look away for a moment.  “It probably isn’t.  But, I have to try, right?  You, though…”
, but it was there.  Steve could see it, the deep abyss of impotence-fueled anger that abided behind her carefully schooled features.  What had she told him once?
“Well, I guess that might be okay…” Steve said, furrowing his brow in thought.
“Would be a shame to let our chance at an island getaway get squandered,” Tony murmured against Steve’s mouth.  Steve, bless him, immediately toed off his shoes, undid his belt and unzipped his trousers, pushing them to the floor along with his briefs and kicking them to the side.  He started to pull the shirt over his head, but Tony reached out a hand to grab the hem.
. I’m not alone, Steve thought, and it was joyous just for that heartbeat.  Tony was here, and he wasn’t alone, not anymore. You’re not supposed to be here, Steve thought again, though the words had no weight to them this time.
“I’m sorry, Tony.  I thought—well.  I don’t know what I thought.  I didn’t know.  Look, don’t worry about this.  I’ll get it taken care of, one way or the other.  There’s no reason for you to have to deal with this…this person….again,” she said archly.  Tony’s mouth curled into a smile at that.  Pepper having his back was a given, but it was still nice to hear.
“Are you sure I shouldn’t accompany you?” Steve asked.
“Not hungry,” Steve replied.
“Come on, Nick, you’ve seen him.  I know you keep tabs,” Tony pointed out.  “That therapist SHIELD so helpfully provided?  Convenient, Nick.”
“Van. Now,” Steve said. “I’ll be out in a minute, and we’ll have,” he paused and tilted his head to the side.  “Let’s call it a long talk about taking responsibility for our actions,” he finished.
Steve, and probably the rest of the table, blinked up at him, mouth tugging downward in the beginnings of a frown.  “Ah, yes?” Steve responded.  “I’m sure—I’m sure we would have talked.  About—about that.”
As soon as he disappeared, Steve doffed the veil and headcovering and took off the heavier outer robe, stretching his arms above his head in an attempt to work out the kinks in his back.  It was strange to have privacy, Steve realized as he got up and walked over to the window where Cam had stood. The bailey was surprisingly large and had been set up for the tourney Lord Rand had mentioned, with a box for the King and nobles and a standing area for others who were fortunate enough to attend.  From behind him, Steve heard voices and laughter. He recognized Tony’s, though knew it for show instead of the genuine one he gave when he was truly happy about something. Steve turned, watching as Tony slipped through the door, thanking Lord Rand for his hospitality, then promptly shutting it in what was probably the man’s face and leaning his back up against it, one hand rubbing at his temples.  He sighed and pushed himself off the door, his eyes searching the room until they found Steve. He visibly relaxed then, a smile playing on his lips, his eyes going soft as he approached.
“Good to see you!” Happy said when Tony slid into the back seat of the car.
“I’m literally sitting right here,” Pepper reminded him.
“The garrisons are adequate, Your Highness, but the seaward posts are smaller and particularly those on the Eastern side, less likely to be approached due to the rocks and lack of a deepwater port.  Admiral Carmichael insists on patrolling, nevertheless,” Marshall Strucker was saying as he dismounted.
“But, it’s a pretty stand up thing to do, what he’s doing for his…totally platonic life partner,” Rhodey pointed out.
Only in Vegas, Steve thought to himself with a mental shrug.
Tony’s phone buzzed.  He looked down, dread and an elated sort of anticipation coiling within him.
“No idea what you’re talking about,” Pepper protested with a delicate arch to her brow.
“I’ve wanted it, too,” Steve admitted, his voice coming out in a raspy whisper.  A tremor ran through him as Tony dipped his head again to Steve’s lips, then lower, his mouth gliding along Steve’s jaw and down the column of his throat to settle into the crook of his neck where his blood jumped against his skin in time with Steve’s heart.
“Yes, I know you did.  Difficult to understand for you, I’d imagine, but that isn’t quite what she was hoping for. You know that I do not countenance some of your parents’ choices in regards to you, but, it would be good of you to visit.  Let her see you,” Jarvis urged.
Steve stared at him, frown deepening. He opened his mouth to ask what Tony meant, then snapped it shut so hard his teeth rattled. It clicked into place in a fraction of a second, as if all the pieces had been there, just waiting for Steve to put it together. Maybe they had.
It probably shouldn’t hurt as much as it did.
“Hello!” Steve called out, cupping his hands around his mouth so his voice echoed off the rock, sounding for a moment as if the mountain was answering him.  No one actually responded, of course.  He was nearly certain he was alone up here, and yet...yet there was something about the castle.  He was sure he had never been here before, never heard of anything like this, but there was a familiarity about this place the longer he lingered.  And, the longer he stayed, the more his mind demanded that he
Tony was quiet for a long moment, then he took a drink and rolled his lips together before setting his glass side and looking over at Steve. “I guess we all know a bit about seeing only what we want to see.  Wanting to...only show the world the best parts of us, not the...parts we don’t like so much.” He stood up and slowly stepped forward into the shallow pool, almost seeming to Steve to loom there, larger than life, larger than he should be, tilting his head to the side and regarding Steve with a careful expression.
He wanted to say that he was good.  Great, even. It didn’t make sense, though.  How could he feel so good after being punished like that?   But he did feel good. Full of a wonderful ache and a bone-deep satisfaction.  There was a sense of accomplishment in the back of his head, almost like when he planned some maneuver that worked exactly the way he had imagined it.  He felt like he could do anything, and had the desire to do nothing. Languid and sore, his thoughts meandering and strangely focused on small details, content and pulled bowstring-taut at the same time.  Everything was a contrast. None of that made sense, but he was warm, and Tony felt so good, he couldn’t seem to find the energy to question it.
“Who are these people who are going to say these things about you?” Steve asked, voice low, but Tony knew that tone well enough.
Steve sank into the water, floating, letting the waves lift him.  He looked up at the sun.  Blinded for a moment, he blinked and closed his eyes.  Bright circles danced behind his eyelids.  I cannot see, he thought for a wild moment, then righted himself and blinked, rubbing a hand across his eyes while he waited for his vision to clear.  When it did, all that was in front of him was the sea.
“What?” Steve asked.
Tentatively, Steve let his own tongue slide along Tony’s lips, exploring carefully, until Tony’s mouth slanted over his, his hands cupping Steve’s jaw until he found the right angle, encouraging Steve to foray deeper.
“Oh,” Anto said weakly.  “Signal good," Anto grinned, then laughed a bit, flushing with embarrassment.
“I don’t want to shoot you into space,” Tony said, lifting the faceplate after Bruce had de-Hulked.  “I mean, sometimes all that freaking tea is annoying, but I’m not going to overreact about it,” he teased, trying to lighten things.
He would simply have to...make them stop. Make them fix him.  Somehow.  The dreams and all, he obviously wanted them to stop.  No one would want those types of dreams to continue, and certainly, not if they were the product of dark teachings.  He couldn’t very well go off and join the war effort if he couldn’t keep himself in bed at night. What if he wandered right over to the enemy?  No, clearly, whoever was doing this must be made to stop.  He would just have to explain, and surely, they would agree.  It wasn’t much of a plan, but it was the best one he had.  Once he found whoever lived here, that is, Steve thought with a sigh.
Sure enough, when he exited the Tower’s elevator into his private garage in the bowels of the Tower, Rhodey was leaning a hip against the passenger door of one of the silver Audi’s, arms crossed over his chest, giving Tony an expectant look.
“I heard that, too,” Tony whispered huskily.
Shellhead’s face sagged a moment, but he shook himself and seemed to recover quickly, flashing Steve a quick smile, though it didn’t quite reach his eyes, or so Steve thought.  It was too dark out now to really tell, even with the full moon above.
“Say my name,” the King ordered, looking down at Steve with a strangely fierce expression.  “I want to hear my name on your lips when I take you.”
“Because he promised he wouldn’t,” Natasha said.  “I asked him very nicely.”  She smiled.
The man was gone.  Not walking away.  Not covered in darkness.
He’d show Steve the ‘bots, and they would go to the observatory.  He’d tell Steve about Nikola Tesla and his coil.  He’d have an
“Would you shut up?  I helped roll the God-damn orange onto the green, for Christ’s sake!  You think I didn’t know what I was getting myself into?” Rhodey demanded.  “You protested.  You got arrested.  Welcome to reality.”
“Why? What’s wrong with him?” Steve asked, anger vibrating to the surface so quickly, he could taste it on his tongue, where his teeth gnashed at the words. He willed himself to calm down, though he thought Fury could see the effort, and it bothered him, giving that away, one more breadcrumb for Fury to follow.
“Fine. Fine,” the doctor said with an uneasy look at Steve. “But…this is still my OR. I’m not even done closing yet,” the doctor said, jerking his head urgently at Steve’s prone figure where rivulets of blood trailed down his chest in a spiderweb of red threads.
It was, he realized, the first time he had said it out loud to someone other than JARVIS. That the palladium was killing him.  It was true, of course, though he couldn’t seem to muster the energy to care very much at the moment. The alien’s hand slid down Tony’s neck and chest to the reactor, his head cocked to the side.  He seemed, to Tony at least, to regard the reactor with curiosity. Normally, Tony didn’t like anyone to touch him there. Not the doctors, not the engineers, not Pepper or Rhodey, and, well, Obie had been a prescient no, he supposed, all things considered.  The alien’s touch didn’t really bother him, though. Tony was safe. He knew that.
“They do clean the place, Tony,” Steve huffed around a grin.
—that this meant something more. It was like Tony said earlier when they spoke about abolishing the Royal Harem. Change is rarely a welcomed guest at the table, but it must be allowed a seat. There was a lot of truth to that, Steve thought, as he looked up at Tony’s bark of laughter to something Rhodes said. Change was coming, and Steve wasn’t sure what it meant for either of them.
“Ah, come on, Howard!  Kid’s a fan, you know that,” Stane interjected.  Shut up, Steve thought with a sudden forcefulness.
“I know, I just really like it,” Tony replied with a contented sigh. Steve snorted, but didn’t object.   “Are you hungry?   Of course, you’re hungry. Stupid question. Let’s get you something to eat,” Tony said, slowly peeling himself off of Steve and standing up on somewhat wobbly legs. They dressed, though Tony insisted on a V-neck for Steve because of reasons. Well, because Steve probably wouldn’t go for a tube top, however good he’d look in one.
“You bet I can know it.  I can.  I know me.  I know
“Is there a mission?” Steve asked, dragging his gaze back to where his muted reflection hung on the closed elevator doors.  He had to resist the urge to press the button again.
Tony hit the end button on the phone and pocketed it, sparing a glance at Steve, who was sitting stiff-backed and intently studying the back of the bus seat in front of him, like it might offer some guidance beyond calling Patrick for a good time and that Duncan is an a-hole.
He slowly made his way across the ballroom floor to the bar, noting in the mirror above the bartender’s area that his date for the evening was surrounded by various military brass, guffawing raucously over something one of them said.  How could they not know that was totally fake? Steve had known the guy less than half an hour and he knew it was complete bullshit.
The stars had seemed so close out there, in the desert.   Like he could touch them if climbed to the top of the mountain.    North, Yinsen had said.  Go north. That’s where your people will be looking for you, Stark.
“Not too long after Mr. Stark’s sudden reappearance, SHIELD got intel about weapons moving through the black market. Which is not unusual in and of itself, but this time, it implicated a few people a bit above my pay grade, let’s say,” Fury replied.
He wondered what Tony was doing. Eating, hopefully.  Maybe building his robots.  Probably not deciding to give Steve the time of day because Steve bought him some soaps, which, God, yeah, he was being stupid, he knew that.
“Everyone I’ve ever met, at least once, and sometimes, there was a PowerPoint,” Tony replied.  “And one time, snacks.”
“Yeah…yeah, I can see that,” Steve replied, staring down at the spear-thrower.
The Palms Hotel was actually a bit off the Strip, but the three buildings stood tall enough to give great views of the whole area.  Happy pulled the car around to the back of one of the buildings, and almost made it around to open the door for Steve before had already stepped out.  The chauffeur looked slightly annoyed for a second, then brightened as a woman with striking strawberry blonde hair wearing a crisp, white suit emerged from a door marked employees only, flanked by a couple of hotel security people in their gold-colored blazers emblazoned with security badges.
Fury raised his gaze from the file—page five, education, where a series of tutors attested to Anthony’s mastery of the basic courses--and gave Steve a long, considering look, then leaned back in his chair and rubbed at his chin with one hand.
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but no words seemed to want to come out, so he just shook his head, a laugh bubbling up.  “Of course you did.”
The ears could be explained. Birth defect, maybe.  Something. The flawlessly smooth skin, like fine marble, could happen, Tony supposed, if you avoided sun and manscaped the hell out of yourself.  The physique, while impressive, wasn’t impossible. But, the eyes. The
“Well, get in line, Stark.  You shoulda heard the Commandos when they found out about that one,” Steve admitted, a smile forming, though even in the low light, Tony could see Steve’s cheeks reddening at the memories.  “God, for months Dernier would randomly use French food words as suggestively as possible just trying to get a rise out of me.  To this day, I can barely say ‘croque monsieur’ and, no, I’m not telling you what he said that meant.”  Tony spat out a surprised laugh, then couldn’t quite stop himself once he got going, imagining the Commandos giving Steve hell over fancy French food words, and ended up hunched over and wiping tears from his eyes while trying to catch his breath.
“I don’t want to push you, Tony,” Steve replied, raising a hand and waving it vaguely in the air, making one of the monitors beep loudly in protest when a clear line got tugged hard against the edge of the table.  “I’s okay, Tony.  “The rest of it…s’okay, Tony.  Like I said, I’ll wait.  Until you’re ready.  Court you proper,” Steve finished with a satisfied seeming nod and closed his eyes like they were anywhere near done with this conversation.
“Brooklyn, originally,” Steve acknowledged with a grin as he thought of home.  “My mom is here,” Steve heard himself say.  “And Bucky.  I’ve known him since we were kids.  He said he could get me on at the construction company.  So, it just seemed like as good a place as any.”
“I like your face.  And all of its expressions, even the mutinous ones,” Tony replied.  “I think I might like those best.  Odd, that.  You’re so easy to rile, though.  I shouldn’t take such pleasure in it, I know. You must have driven your commanders nearly mad.”
Tony groaned and collapsed next to him, rolling over onto his back as he panted, heavy, heaving breaths that seemed ripped out of his chest so hard as to leave him shaking.  Steve turned to his side and buried his head against Tony’s shoulder.  A moment later, he felt a blanket being tossed over him and Tony’s hand stroking through his hair and patting gently at the side of his face.  The sudden memory of lying in the grass by the small stream that cut through the meadow with his hand spread out on the surface as the water coursed underneath and the sun beat down from overhead lit his mind, and a warm, almost liquid sense of contentment flowed through him, over him, under him, he wasn’t sure.  They stayed like that a long while, with Tony raking his fingers through his hair and stroking his face.  Steve watched the reach of the sunlight through the window where it marked the rug grow longer, catching specks of dust in its grasp.  He could see so clearly that he thought he could almost count them.
Had Tony been jealous last night? Was that what that was?  The idea seemed too preposterous to consider, and yet…yet, what Sam had said about Natasha wanting to lock them in a closet…he’d just assumed that it was because of his ridiculous crush, but could Tony’s curtness with David, his rudeness with Steve, going so far as throwing Steve’s words from the helicarrier fight back at him, have been because Tony thought there had been something going on between Steve and David other than discussions of the exhibition?
All of a sudden Tony looked tired and worn down, Steve thought to himself, as he watched him undress down to just the loose-fitting pants that went under his robes and sank down onto the bed that servants must have rolled out on top of the rugs that covered the tent’s floor.
“But,” Tony sighed.  “But, a lot of things.  You did not sleep well last night,” Tony pointed out, clearly changing the subject.
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Tony soothed, reaching out to stroke Steve’s head.  “Bruce?”
his parents, which were two very different experiences, or so Steve had gathered.
Tony wound his other hand into Steve’s hair, pulling his head down for a searing kiss, tongue driving in madly, pressing against Steve’s and thrusting deep, swiping wide before withdrawing.  He nipped lightly at Steve’s bottom lip as he traced a line down Steve’s jaw, shifting his hand to work Steve’s cock in a circular motion as Steve’s hips bucked.  He kissed and sucked his way down Steve’s throat to the cradle of his neck, stretched his fingers out and brushed them against Steve’s balls as his hand worked Steve from tip to root.  He felt Steve tense up, a wracking shudder running through him, and just as Steve’s whole body thrummed and clenched, Tony bit down sharply on the tendon that ran down Steve’s neck to his shoulder, hard enough to leave a mark, while at the same time squeezing and holding the end of Steve’s cock just long enough to stave off his climax, earning a wrecked sob from Steve as he buried his head in Tony’s neck.
“I would like that.  Very much,” Tony smiled, relief suffusing his features.
The man sighed, then shifted a bit to give Anto better access.  Anto stretched out his hand and brought the sharp stone to the first knot. The man sucked in a breath, and his hand covered Anto’s, stilling him. Anto looked up expectantly.  The man bared his teeth again, then pointed at the stone and then at his groin, making a sort of high-pitched sound of mock distress.
He signed heavily and rubbed the fingers of one hand into his temples, tapping the phone against his chin before pushing himself up again.  He looked over at Steve, who was still pondering the douchery of Duncan, but Tony was left with the feeling that if he had looked a split-second sooner, Steve would’ve been looking at him.  He scrubbed his free hand over his face and hit the call button for Pepper.
cleaned the whole townhouse top to bottom.
One night. One million dollars.  Steve rolled over and looked at Brock’s shadowed outline.  If Brock had the money for his start-up, that would take a load of stress off his shoulders.  He could relax a bit.  Maybe stop snapping at Steve so much, though he always apologized afterwards, and Steve knew he didn’t really mean the things he sometimes said when he got frustrated. Who did? Brock would never actually ask Steve to do this, of course.  He would probably hate it.  But, if Steve laid it all out logically, surely Brock would see that this just wasn’t something they could pass up.  God, I’m talking myself into this, Steve thought with a sigh, scrubbing his face with his hand.  He could do it.  For them.  He could do it. If the offer was still on the table, that was.
That wasn’t exactly true, but Tony didn’t bother to correct him.   Now, watching Jarvis shake Steve’s hand, Tony wondered why he hadn’t told Steve more about how much Jarvis meant to him.  Probably because copping to that meant acknowledging why he didn’t want to visit his parents, despite Steve’s repeated offers, and that seemed more of an admission about himself than Tony wanted to make.  Hey, Steve, my parents kind of hate me, but the guy we paid is super-nice!  Yeah, no.
“Tony?!? Tony, will you answer me, please? What the hell is going on?  I’ve got Director Fury dragging me out of a Board of Directors’ meeting, shouting some nonsense about you refusing to let anyone near some Captain?”  Pepper shouted.  “Tony!  For the love of…Tony, if you don’t answer me right this second, I’m going to come down to SHIELD and find you, and you won’t like what happens when—“
.  Steve remembered that.  Five million dollars said it was probably in that box of his, with all his other Tony-related stuff.  That stupid Valentine’s Day card Tony had made, showing off, thinking he was clever, wanting Steve to think he was clever.
“Yes, I like that you can barely think of anything but me. Of course, I like that, Tony. You’re my Alpha. It’s…comforting. I’ve never had this before. Every time I’d get ready for my Heat, it was always a chore to prepare and figure something out, but now…I don’t have to worry about anything. You’re going to take care of me, and I know it’s going to feel…pure. And true. And right. And I want that,” Steve whispered almost brokenly. Tony raised a hand to settle on Steve’s shoulder, then ended up carding his fingers through the fine, blonde strands of Steve’s hair instead, stroking back and forth the way Steve did up and down Tony’s back to comfort him. “It seems like I’ve been waiting for that my whole life. You don’t know what it’s like, when you’re an Omega. Everyone wants you because they know you’ll make them feel good, but when I look at you, all I see is you wanting me to feel good.”
“And you think
“You said, and I’m quoting, ‘Sorry for denting your wall.’ You dented my wall with me, Stark!” Fury ground out. Tony shrugged. Shield’s structural integrity, or lack thereof, wasn’t really his problem. “So, given all of that, you’re really just flummoxed at why I would feel the need to check up on you?” Fury asked shrewdly. “The only person to ever receive the full benefit of Erskine’s serum is having a child with a genius, billionaire, former playboy, philanthropist who happens to have access to—what are we up to now?—thirty something weaponized armored suits? All this surrounded by a group of the world’s most powerful people, including an Alpha who turns into an enormous green rage monster when someone gets testy with him or, apparently, shorts Steve’s Thai food order by a spring roll. Yes, I pay attention, don’t pretend to be shocked. Now, what about any of that could possibly raise my concern?”
“Uh, not the state of my art,” Howard countered. His hair was nearly white now.  The lines around his eyes and mouth were deeper and more noticeable.  Otherwise, he looked much the same as the last video, though there was a new tightness pulling the skin across his face and small, spiderweb-like strings of color on his cheeks.  “Nice, though. Hey, Maria, can you—thanks, hon,” he said, as his wife took the decanter out of his hand and set it on the bar cart behind him, handing him a glass of what Steve assumed was eggnog instead, though clearly not only eggnog.  “Obie’s running late. Something with the end of the year financials, I don’t know,” he said with an indifferent wave of his hand.
In every other part of his life, he would have, he supposed.  That was what he did. What he was made for.  The things he could do, the things he had to do, they were about keeping people like Tony safe, he told himself, or they told him that, and he let them. He wasn’t sure if there was a real difference anymore.  What else was there for him?  He thought he needed the answer to be Tony.  Or someone did.  Someone not Tony, sure, but someone needed there to be an answer, and Tony was the sacrificial lamb, whether he knew it or not.
But, he thought with a sigh, he could do better.  Help out more.  With the cabin, sure, but there were legitimate fire safety reasons to limit his attempts, despite the resultant delight for U.  With SI, though…Steve was right about that.   Tony had thought about the company and where it could be better.  Not just the tech.  Okay, mostly the tech, but there were some business opportunities where it seemed a natural synergy existed with what the company was currently doing.  They already had to design finely-tuned systems that could operate in saltwater and desert conditions, and they had a bioweapons division that dealt with protective gear and containment. Why not halophytic crops that could grow in high salinity regions?
he could work with.
“Points for enthusiasm, but dinner first, Steve. I’m very old-fashioned,” Stark told him. “Roof. Come on. Let’s go.”
The shit with Stern had been a stupid move, he knew.  He’d gotten close enough to see how it all fit together and had gone after Stern, the slippery bastard, too quickly and nearly gotten himself played.  He was almost certain now that Stern and Batroc were working directly for Pierce, which meant Obie was in it with Pierce, too.  Maybe had been from the beginning.  Someone with military connections had to have set the whole abduction thing up, given away the Humvees’ position, and then scuttled any rescue attempt that wasn’t Rhodey commandeering a couple of choppers on a single piece of intel and a prayer.  Few would’ve had that kind of authority, but Pierce was certainly one of them.
This was...he cut the thought off and looked down at his buggy where his slightly wilting lettuce and cans of soup stared morosely back at him.  Just pick something, Rogers, for Christ’s sake.   It wasn’t as if Tony would even notice Steve had been at the store three hours to buy a handful of items.  Or care, if he did.
Tony slid out of the bench seat and waited until the doors swung inward to step off the bus.  Steve followed behind him.  This stop lacked a bus shelter, so they stood in the wind, both staring down the street, waiting on the next bus.
“Yes, Your Highness. Thank you!” Cam nearly shouted in his excitement at the praise.  “Everyone loved him, did they not?”
“I disobeyed you,” Steve said, nearly choking on the words.  They seemed to form a lump in his throat, just below his collar, and refused to be spoken until he forced them out.  Humiliation burned through him.  It had been such a simple thing.  Just to stay in their room.  Tony rarely gave him any kind of direct order when they weren’t in bed, and the one time he did, Steve had failed.
He really needed to call Rhodey.
well cared for?” Tony asked, eyeing Steve with a knowing smirk.  “Here, hold this,” he told Cam.
“Yeah,” Rhodey said after a moment, since Tony was studiously not answering the question.
“I--I was thinking.  We could maybe take it a bit slower,” Steve began. “I know I take a while to relax, I know, but… it can be really good, I think.  If we go slow, and really, you know, really enjoy each other, and it--it won’t be so, ah, difficult.  For me.  To.  You know.”
Tony looked like he was about to say something,but thought better of it, and snapped his mouth closed into a thin line, then quirked his mouth into a rueful smile instead.  He nodded, seemingly to himself, and looked up at Steve.
“Okay, roll over,” Tony said, grabbing a pillow and scrunching it between his hands.
Steve looked down the picture again.  Anthony Stark.  Steve rubbed his thumb lightly over the edge of the photo, then traced the curve of the young man’s face, a small smile tugging at his lips as he looked at the picture. Anthony.  I hope you find someone who will take care of you, Steve thought, feeling his throat click as he tried to swallow.
“Might take a while,” she observed.
“Good,” Tony said, winding his hand through the spikey mess that was Steve’s sweat-soaked hair.
“What?  No!  Of course, not!  That’s--he’s not what this is about,” Steve rushed out, too fast, too
“That seems unlikely,” Tony admitted with a shrug, then smiled up at Rhodey.  “Look, Honeybear, it’s not my fault we’re stuck hibernating together for a bit.  You’re the one who had to go gladhand with that Congressional delegation. Corona Jim.  That’s what I’m calling you now. Like Typhoid Mary, but way cooler--hey!” Tony shouted as Rhode knocked his feet off the balcony railing.  “I got bored, and that ROTC standard issue stuff is crap, anyway. What else am I supposed to do here? It’s been a million years--”
The frame of what had been the O’Malley’s barn looked skeletal against the green grass that had grown inside it, and for a fleeting moment, the smell of hay, almost sickly sweet, filled his nostrils. Mice had lived in the hay, and the O’Malley’s kept a great orange tom cat who liked to leave his catches on their doorstep, Steve remembered, the image of Mrs. O’Malley dancing over the offerings as she stepped out her door, much to the delight of he and Bucky, though Mrs. O’Malley, he recalled, had always praised the old cat for his prowess while the Tom arched his back and rubbed his way through her legs. Mrs. O’Malley had died from the plague, but there was a fat ginger cat lounging on the hard, warm dirt in front of the barn, younger than the old Tom, but Steve thought Mrs. O’Malley would be pleased.  Perhaps he and Bucky had not been the only things to make it out that day.  The wind pricked at his eyes, making them water, or something did.  It was a strange thing to be pleased about, amidst all of this destruction, but it was something.
He should hide it, with the grass-bear and basket and his other, secret things.   The thought flitted across his mind to wonder what Steve would think if Anto showed him his cache, though he discarded the thought almost immediately.  He couldn’t take that chance. He didn’t want to hide the bone-lion, though. He wanted to be able to look at it from time to time. It was stupid and risky, he knew, but Steve would leave and…Anto wanted to keep this close.  He would put it into his medicine bag, he decided, where he knew no one would ever look. The medicine bag belonged only to a healer. It wouldn’t occur to anyone to look in it. They would never have a reason to and wouldn’t know what to do if they did.
“Well, funny story,” Tony began.  “This guy,” he said, pointing at Steve.  “Is my husband,” Tony explained, splaying his hands wide as he turned in his seat a bit.  “But, he has this insane idea that I’ll up and decide I’m too much of a pretentious douche to love this great guy who happens to love me back.  I’m winning him over, though.  Slow going, at the moment, I’ll admit, but we have checks with both our names on it and that’s, like, practically a binding, legal document.  Ferengi Sixteenth Rule of Acquisition, a deal is a deal.  It’s a thing.”
Steve smiled at the memory.  So things were going well, all in all.  It took Steve awhile to identify the feeling that gathered in his chest over this time, but finally realized it was happiness or something so close to it that if he could just call it that long enough, it might actually be true.  Things were going remarkably well in a lot of ways, in fact.  Work at the construction site was good.  Johnson had been transferred or quit or something, Steve didn’t quite know the whole story, but the new guy was both competent and nice.  He put Steve on the interior painting detail Steve had asked for back when Bucky first got him the job, which was close enough to art for Steve to take pleasure in it.
“Of course. Right away,” Zola simpered.  “Up,” he snapped at Steve and slipped his hands under Steve’s collar, giving it a sharp pull, to emphasize the point.
Steve turned, took a step, then realized to his surprise that he hadn’t even asked the man’s name, which was rude, true, but also, a desire to know what it was burned white hot inside his mind for a moment, like a match being struck.  He turned, the question already forming on his lips, then dropped his mouth open in surprise.
“I’d really like to speak with him myself, if you don’t mind,” Steve said, rather sharply.  He phrased it like a question, though there was an air of command there, Tony was able to note, if only because it was the first time he’d heard that kind of tone from Steve.  “Hate to end our first dinner as a married couple on the wrong end of an epi-pen.”
“Where’d you find this?” he asked, thumbing at the engraving. He didn’t actually expect an answer, but he had gotten rather used to simply saying his thoughts out loud. The alternative of neverending silence wasn’t particularly appealing.  “It’s got the Stark Trading Company mark on it. Must have been from one of theirs, though I can’t really remember them losing many ships. Well. At least not until recently,” he grinned ruefully. “Guess there’s all kinds of things down there, what with all the wrecks over the years, huh?  Sam once told me there were thousands of ships down there. Spanish galleons with their cursed Conquistador gold. The merfolk won’t even go near them.”
It was a selfish thought disguising itself as selflessness.  Help Anthony, protect Anthony, save him, take care of him, all of those reasons, all of those excuses, Steve thought derisively…who was he really wanting to save here?  Anthony didn’t need him. Steve wasn’t reading between some nonexistent lines hiding in Anthony’s files. He was seeing what he wanted to see, because he wanted something—anything—that wasn’t this bright, loud world run by Alphas who hadn’t learned anything, where it was the man who carried a shield who was the threat.
“Well, if anyone could start a global-thermonuclear war from your apartment, it’s Natasha,” Tony admitted with a low chuckle. “What I was going to say, was that I could show you a few more of the features.  If you wanted,” Tony offered.  “But, now that you’ve named my gift after a homicidal A.I., I’ll just let you find your way around the parental controls on your own.”
“You're my best friend. You have to say that. Is in the handbook,” Tony gruffly reminded him, nudging at Rhodey's shoulder with his elbow.
The people down below grew smaller as the platform rose.  Steve gripped the railing and leaned over. Cam clutched at his robes and covered his eyes, making a distressed sound.
“Yes,” Steve agreed, looking down at him.  Tony’s mind filled with, not really images, exactly, just half-formed feelings of them, but there was beauty there, he knew it.  He actually would miss the connection he had with the alien, strange as that might sound.  Maybe it was the last vestiges of the bond making him think so, but, well.  He didn't think so.  There was something deeply comforting about the utter lack of artifice, the closeness, the--God, the
Why was he always one step above Kardashians without Photoshop when he was around Steve?   He’d worry it was self-sabotage, but not even he could manage to be this much of a hot mess without a Karmic assist.
“Not your fault, Tony.  Besides, you may have noticed I can take care of myself,” Steve said, raising an eyebrow in question.
“He’s upstairs.  Thinking about his life choices,” Howard snapped sourly.  “You’d think with what I pay that school, they could instill a little discipline in him.   Not to mention have some security that a damn ten-year old can’t manage to get around.  Trust me, you two, you’re lucky, not having—”
“Why the hell not, right?  What do I have to lose? I’m not exactly going to die
.   And now, he will find another, and we will be cast aside.  Or sold. Or sent to the mines, where I will be covered in dirt and have a bird shit on my head.  All because you cannot see how fortunate you are.  Do you not remember what it was like when you were no one?  Now, you are his, and have
“There’s that word again,” Steve said, mouth twisting.
“Indeed. It would make all things easier, and that, my friends, is the goal, is it not? To keep our soldiers at their hearths instead of at war?” Tony asked, clearly not requiring an answer.
He wasn’t sure how long he lay there, staring at the ceiling until the big dark blob dancing in front of his eyes coalesced into bits and pieces he could pick out in the dim, blue glow of the reactor. He never should have asked Pepper to tell him that.
“Well, when you put it like that,” Stark said after a long pause, his voice gone sort of soft and tremulous. “It’s, maybe, hard.  Sometimes.  For him to see himself that way.  I’m sure he’d…appreciate…hearing that. What you said.   He probably wouldn’t know quite what to do with it.  Probably would want to correct you,” Stark was saying, scratching at his eyebrow with the tip of his finger. “But…I think he’d like hearing it.  You, ah…you didn’t tell me how you got started with your art,” Stark reminded him, clearing his throat on the words.
“Tony. What are we going to talk about, up there at your Tower, you and me? Same thing we “talked” about when we were in college, because its probably overly optimistic that's going to take all night,” Steve deadpanned, pushing himself off the the counter and sliding out from Tony's hands. “Maybe that gets you past whatever this is. One for old time's sake. It isn't going to change anything. Look, I got class,” Steve announced, making Tony gape at him. “I gotta go, Tony.”
He gave me a robot for my birthday, and we put out my birthday candle in the best way possible, and then I lost the plot, Tony thought to himself.
“Surprised you’re not booked solid,” Steve said without thinking, then gnashed his teeth together as he felt the blood rush to his face.
“Don’t say that!” Steve snapped.  “Don’t you give him that, Tony.  Don’t do that.”
differently, Steve wasn’t an idiot.  Of course, it wouldn’t feel like that again with someone else.  But what about the feeling of being with Shellhead like that? That close, that intimate…he could feel that way with someone else, couldn’t he? Except, well, he hadn’t exactly found it before, had he?  That comfort, that trust, that—that incredible
“Hey, grab all the shampoos and soaps you can for me, will you? Maybe a couple of towels. Need the Rio to complete my set,” Natasha said, her voice teasing and light, and he knew it was more for his benefit than hers.
“How--how did you know all that?” Steve asked, momentarily so shocked by the recitation that he forgot his fear.
“Don’t be ridiculous.  It’s only been a few days, Buck,” Steve protested.  “I barely know him.” Again, his eyes found the ring where his finger curled around the edge of the bar, a gleaming circle of strangely warm metal.
Thanks again to my amazing beta, tastes-like-coconut!  The BEST.
Tony looked up at him, then grinned, his shoulders shaking with laughter.  “You have no idea what you’re doing, do you?”
“Hey, you started it,” Natasha reminded Clint as she mopped up.
A slave rushed over and held a silk-draped parasol over Steve’s head to block the sun.  Steve had to physically force himself not to roll his eyes at the gesture, and instead, thanked the young man, who nodded exuberantly, but refused to look Steve in the eye.
“That’s not—Mal, that’s not how it went down, and you know it,” Dominic protested.
“Tony!  Enough.  Yes, you missed his interest, but I know you.  You pay attention.  So damn closely, it’s overwhelming at times.  You didn’t catch on that Steve was asking you out, and, I’m not saying that was well done, Tony, because it wasn’t, but…you don’t miss the really important stuff.  You knew when he was upset the other night at the benefit,” she went on. “You got him out of a situation that could have gone a very different way.  You talked to Sam about making sure he got Steve to come early to pick him up from the VA so that Steve could stand around waiting for Sam to be done and basically attend a meeting that Captain America needs but can’t have.  You spent three days in your shop making him a better uniform after what happened over the Potomac.  One that can stop bullets and bring his shield to him when he loses it,” Pepper continued.
“Great.  Clint’s movie night choices have finally paid off,” Tony interrupted, voice bitter and raw.
“It’s Spring Meadow,” Steve pointed out with a small, lopsided smile, eyes twinkling.  Then his expression softened, and he reached out to trace his thumb over Tony’s cheek where a small scar cut across his skin, nearly invisible now, but they both knew it was there.  “You’re a great Dad, Tony.  The best,” Steve said.
They stumbled out of the shower, all graceless limbs and hands grabbing for purchase, mouths gasping for air, then finding each other again.  Steve pulled a towel off the rack one-handed, and shoved it at Tony, who tossed it on the floor and pressed his body against Steve’s again, grinding his hips and grunting with pent-up frustration.
“You mean did I ask why the Bonding of a mere Army Captain was a national security matter that required the Director of SHIELD, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and people with titles I’m not supposed to know exist?  Yes.  Yes, Anthony, I asked,” she replied, a rebuke stinging through her words.
“Such insolence,” Tony chided with a look of false sternness that quickly gave way to a laugh. With a shrug, he started to slowly remove his head-covering and shoes.
The drawing was something he remembered from before.  From before he went away.  Something beautiful.  Something that...okay, it wasn’t Tony, he knew that, of course, but it was, somehow, something closer to Tony than he could get just trying to draw Tony himself.
He’d been out cold after they hit the ground or maybe a little before that, he couldn’t quite get the sequence of events to work in his head.  When he woke, they were in that shack however long it had been later---God, how long had it been?  Hours?  He couldn’t remember, and when he tried to dig up the shards of lost time, he managed to get flashes of red on a white so bright it made him almost glare-blind thinking about it, the sense of movement and accompanying nausea and a vague, dreamlike perception of hands cradling his head that came with a concordant sense of absolute security.  It all just gave him a giant headache, to be honest, like trying to focus on one of those stereograms you had to stare at until the image appeared.
.  “You—you needed to get drunk.  Okay. Okay.  I guess…I guess that answers my question.”  There was a question?  Had Steve asked for something?  He sounded upset.  Tony had obviously missed something else that Steve had needed.  He took another drink, relishing the burn of the liquid down his throat.
“I should get ready,” Steve said, standing and brushing the crumbs off his robe for the birds to find.
“Steve,” Tony husked out, drawing out the name like a prayer.  He huffed out a puff of air that was almost a laugh, though it held more chagrin than mirth.  “The common folk say you have enchanted me, and perhaps they are right.  Is that what you have done?”  he asked in a low, rough voice, one hand tracing its way down Steve’s cheek. His eyes were bright and dark with desire, but strangely soft.  “I think you have,” he added in a voice barely above a whisper.
He stared down at the blank phone screen for a moment before hitting the other number in his favorites. It rang too long, and the default voicemail picked up. Steve clicked the phone off and tried the number again, but got the same result. He thought about calling Nat back, asking her to go on over, and turned the phone over a few times in his hand trying to come to a decision.   It shouldn’t be this hard for him to make a decision, not after everything, but even small choices these days felt like someone chinking away at whatever it was holding him together.   He breathed out and forced himself to hit the button to dial the number again. This time, when the voicemail picked up, he didn’t hesitate.
“Sure, I’ll just hurl insults and hope no one ties me to the train tracks while you handle the bad guys, because that’s going to happen,” Steve replied evenly as he came to stand next to Tony’s shoulder.
my Stevie-sense pinged,” Barnes muttered with a lop-sided grimace, snapping his fingers and pointing at Steve. “What did I tell you?”
Tony nodded, making a sound of agreement. “Well. Don’t just stand there. You won’t have another chance like this for a while. Go on.”
It wouldn’t be different.  It would never be different.
“It’s just. Everyone always takes them away from me,” Tony said quietly, turning back to the sketch.
“Mal, no, come on, you know—” Dominic started.
Steve released Tony long enough to grab for the bag, pulling out a finely woven blanket, embroidered with Tony’s crest, which Tony snatched from his hands and threw to the ground before Steve could protest. Tony kicked at the blanket’s corners, spreading it out unevenly over the soft sand that sank into the shallows of the pool.  Steve fumbled a hand into the bag, fingers curling around a jar, only to drop it and the bag when Tony pushed up against him, lining their cocks up and thrusting his hips forward, rubbing their lengths together.  It reminded Steve of their first night together, and he didn’t think it was an accident on Tony’s part.  This was as much a first time as that had been, in a far different way.  He reached out again and pulled Tony to him, covering Tony’s mouth with his own.  It wasn’t his best effort, all teeth and tongue and need bubbling over, but he wasn’t sure how he was supposed to think with Tony canting his hips against him, grazing over-sensitized skin there almost painfully.
There was a puddle of drool on the pillow under Tony’s mouth when he woke up the next morning. Afternoon. Whatever.  He rolled over and buried his head under the covers, dimming the light that was insistently spilling through the window.
Also, this is set in "Vaguelymedievalishlandville" in the "present day."  Fantasy.  Nothing is meant to be historically accurate and everyone is bi.
“I’m sure I’ll love it,” Steve said.
“I want him to have my name,” Steve said softly.
“What are you doing?” Steve finally surrendered and asked, keeping his eyes fixed on the storefront across the street.
Mostly.
a map.
“I’ll ask him,” Natasha offered.
The long table in front of him was strewn with papers and all manner of objects.  A goblet sat, half-full with what looked like red wine, by one of the most complex sundials Steve had ever seen by a large, intricately detailed star chart.  Next to it, on a pedestal, was a tall, golden sphere with many circular rings inside.  A number of what appeared to be mathematical and celestial markings were etched into the metal rings and base.  Papers with slanted writing in an elegant hand next to a long series of numbers laid over the table, the chairs, and nearly every other surface in the room, including a few that were wadded up and tossed into various corners and crooks.
I commissioned the immensely talented superfizz for this artwork to go with the fic.  Check out their tumblr for more beautiful works and information about commissions.  superfizz.tumblr.com.
“As if you are so amusing, Tahir,” Danen shot back.  “You picked a quiet day to join us, though. There are usually more here, but, alas.  Today is market day, and the merchants bring their wares to the compound.  Zola’s little flowers are like locusts when the wagons arrive, flying about, grabbing for trinkets that might call attention to them,” Tahir snorted derisively.  Steve already knew about market day.  It was one of the reasons he had chosen today to visit the baths, but he nodded and made an ah sound of understanding.  “One does not need such embellishments.  One need only be skilled.”
Steve, take him apart and build him up, but the way Steve could
“Good for you, good for you.  Can’t work forever, am I right?” Stane said with a nod and a grin, then clapped Daniel on the shoulder and spun on his heel.  “Unless you’re this man, of course!  Howard, I half expected to find you in the lab! What’d Maria do to get you out?”
with Stark,” Bucky ground out, voice strained with emotion.
He’d tried to distance himself from Tony this past week.  Hanging out in the workshop mooning over the man was hardly helping the situation, after all.  But he wasn’t blind to Tony’s confused stares or not-so-subtle questions about what he was up to.  It wasn’t like he didn’t have plenty of legitimate things to occupy his time, what with S.H.I.E.L.D. briefings, training, his charity activities and so on.  So, he kept plenty busy.
“Oh,” Tony said flatly.  He was surprised at how steady his voice sounded.  Just verifying information.  Clarifying things.  Nothing to see here.  Move along.  This isn’t the panic attack you’re looking for, he thought with a giddy sort of hysteria trilling beneath the surface of his skin.  He was surprised he wasn’t shaking with it.  “So, he…really wants me to do this, huh?  That’s…I mean, wow, right?  That’s…great.  Great.  Really.  MIT.  Who’d have thought?”
“Um, sure.   Yeah, um, all yours, if you want it,” Rogers told him. “I don’t really have a lot of stuff.  Yet.  I mean, I was. I will.  Maybe you can make a list or something,” he said, scrunching up his face a bit in a way that Tony would have found endearing if it weren’t for the massive loss of nonexistent personal autonomy.
Brock made a noncommittal sound.  “You think they’re really gonna care much?  Not like they’ve been by for a while or tried to get together,” he continued, taking a sip of his beer.  “Thought you guys had kinda, I don't know, rifted apart or whatever.  I mean, I get it, they’ve both got these great lives going and all.  Probably not much time for just hanging.  Not everyone’s as close as me and the guys, you know, and that’s cool.  People move on.”
“What the hell are you doing up at…holy God, is it even 6 a.m.?”  Clint remarked, stretching his neck to look around the corner into the common room where the sun was just beginning to lend a bit of light to the room.
“You’ve got a mouth on you, haven’t you?” the man asked, grinning.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve whispered, an unbearably tender expression crossing his face.  Tony nodded, once, let his head fall forward until his forehead braced against the center of Steve’s chest, leaving his neck exposed, and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, holding tight for a long moment.  He could feel Steve’s heart pounding, belying his calm.
“In my defense, ‘red matter’? That creates black holes
“Don’t do that.  They’ll believe you,” Rhodes admonished, shaking his head.   “Thank you, Lord Rand, but I prefer the soldiers I have specially selected for the honor of guarding the King
“Do you know why that is?” Steve asked.
“I know,” she said wearily. “I know you are. Okay, so look, I’ll drop the bag by—was it the Bellagio?” Natasha asked.
“You did well today, Small Hands,” Tony congratulated with a grin.  “A surprise awaits you in your room.  Go on, now.  Run along.”
“Sorry,” Steve said as the elevator doors slid shut. “That was too soon, wasn’t it?  Forget I said anything.”
“Hmmmm,” Steve replied noncommittally.
of such a pleasant view? That hardly seems fair,” Steve said, returning Tony’s smile.
Ahem.  Enjoy your absolutely gorgeous porn.  Find more art and info about commissions (very reasonable!) on tumblr at maxkennedy24.tumblr.com
“I will handle this,” Tony vowed again.  Steve squeezed Tony’s wrists, then traced the path up Tony’s arms, over his shoulders and neck to take Tony’s face in his hands. He heard Tony sigh and felt the hands disappear from his face.  He dropped his own arms and shifted over so Tony could lie down next to him.  It was a long time before he heard Tony’s breathing steady, and even then, Steve could not find sleep.  He was too rattled by everything that had happened this night, from Tony’s offers to the realization that Tony might not know as much as Steve credited him with knowing.  He frowned at the thought.  They were far from the port.  It was certainly not something Tony himself would regulate.  Did he truly not condone Rumlow?  How could he allow Zola to do what he did?  Did he, though, Steve wondered, remembering the dismissal of Lucien.  Was it possible other things were kept carefully hidden from Tony as well?
“Jury’s out,” Stark shot back.
“Bear with me, because I know this is crazy, but it’s almost like if you love someone, then their life is interesting to you, even if you don’t seem to have much in common,” Tony said, giving Steve a shrewd, assessing look.
“Do not wait up for me,” Tony said, dropping his hand from Steve’s face and picking a sweetbread off the tray.  “Tomorrow...tomorrow will be a big day. I’ve a hunt in the morning with the Lord and the other local nobles, but I would like your company for the afternoon.”
“Because they’re scared of you,” Tony replied.
He didn’t have the words.  He felt Steve’s arm come up to wrap around him and found himself pressed against Steve’s side.  Steve’s chest was rumbling. It was a growl, Anto realized. He breathed in Steve’s scent. It was heavy with musk and sweat and something primal that went directly to heat Anto’s belly.  That was nice. He thought maybe Steve understood, even if he didn’t have the words. Steve had slowed to almost a stop, he realized, looking up from under the curve of Steve’s arm. His head was turned to look behind him.    His muscles were straining, making Anto think of the string on his spear-thrower, pulled back and ready to launch. Anto stretched out his neck and butted his head against Steve’s side to get his attention. It seemed to work.  Steve blinked down at him, his eyes dark and wide and jaw set so hard that Anto could see a muscle pulse and almost hear his teeth grinding. It should be terrifying, probably, but there was something strangely reassuring about Steve’s sudden reaction.
“I don’t think we can.  ’Cause it sounds like I did something,” Steve said, “and this is the part where you and your friend let me down easy, but explain how I need to hang around for national security reasons or something.”
“What things?  What IRS things, Tony?  What did you do?” Pepper demanded.
“On it,” Clint called back in response.
“--to something Howard made that never worked. Why don’t you pull the other one?  And I didn’t even mean it like that,” Tony snorted, slashing a hand through the air.  “Plans for what?”
“Your father…he started your company, right?” Steve asked, pulling at the thread of memory.
“Yeah, like some graphics for various products and posters and stuff,” Tony replied, heading out the workshop door.  “Anyway,” he called back, “no big deal, but check it out if you want.   I already told the others to take a look at their stuff.  Clint has already been told we are not digitally enhancing his package, so that’s taken care of,” Tony snickered.
Steve stared at him, framed in the doorway with the candlelight casting shadows, and for a second, Tony couldn’t breathe.  He had messed up.  Miscalculated.  Done something wrong.  This was all wrong and stupid, and he should laugh first, before Steve did.  Make it a joke.  He drew in a breath that was the beginning of a laugh, but it punched out of him in a surprised burst because Steve
“You know, I’m trying to get us out of this whole situation without getting you, I don’t know, stepped on, or something—“ Tony retorted.
“I have offered my son to you in fealty to this bond, and what does His Majesty offer me?” the Ul asked, seemingly looking around in confusion, though no one responded.
“One suspect neutralized.  Target is secure,” the redhead said, glancing quickly at Tony and pressing a finger to her ear.  “What’s the status of the strike team?” she asked, then paused while whoever it was relayed an answer.  “They have Batroc,” she told Fury.
“Donwanna…” Tony slurred.
“He was worried you were making a terrible decision that was going to impact the rest of your life. He just wanted to look out for you,” Steve offered.
So, clearly, this had to stop.  He just wasn’t sure how to make that happen.  He knew he should be above these base feelings.  While he had come around to the idea that thinking about another man this way....well, there was nothing wrong with it.  After all, the serum had fixed everything else, but it hadn't fixed that.  The only thing he could figure was that this meant it wasn't something that could be fixed.  Just a part of him.  So, he'd long ago learned to accept it, but he should certainly be able to control it better than this.  Not like he hadn't had years of practice suppressing it.  Thinking of Tony like this, while he....well, that just wasn't helping anything.
“He moved.  Squeezed my hand when I asked him, then started freaking out, pulling at the wires and stuff you’ve got in him,” Tony explained giddily.  It was adrenaline and relief animating him now, he knew, but it felt like flying.  Better than flying.  It was the moment of acceleration after the freefall, everything snapping back together in an instant.
“So, you followed me. Us.  Onto the road that night,” Steve finished.
“So, babe, I’m thinking Tiffany’s.  I know, I know, probably too fussy, but we should look,” Tony was saying, loud enough that passers-by could hear if they wanted, which, Steve noticed, it seemed they did, since everyone was paying attention to what Tony was doing and trying to aim their cell phone cameras at the same time.  “Gucci first, though.  This? Is cruel and unusual and makes the baby Versace cry,” Tony said lightly, tugging at the sleeve of Steve’s plaid shirt.
“Steve doesn’t want anything to do with him,” Barnes said, shooting a glare at Tony.  “Isn’t that what he told you?”
.  Wow, Tony’s addled brain managed to think, as he took in the alien’s visage.  Not so different than a human, but at the same time, clearly not. Slightly off, as if someone had been told to draw a human who had never seen one and had to rely on descriptions.  Close, but no cigar, Tony thought wildly, panic seeping in. It was definitely an alien. He was on an alien’s spaceship. Must be. With an alien. An
“God, Tony—We’ve already done this!  Where do you think this ends?” Steve gutted out.  “It ends the same place as before, that’s where.  If you’d stop and use that brain of yours to think for two seconds, you’d see that,” Steve said, running his free hand through his hair.  “Tonight was…a lot happened.  I get that.  You need to just…just settle down and think this through.  You’re…upset and…and you’re not thinking clearly right now,” Steve insisted, shouldering his backpack and stomping off, or trying to, anyway.
The thing pushed into him, settling deep inside and just sitting there.  He could feel it under the alien’s hands where they pressed across his belly.  He thought that might be why the alien was holding him this way, and then there was the image of Jarvis, pressing a cool cloth against his fevered brow when his parents had some event to go to and couldn’t be bothered.  Calm returned. He was floating again, the water’s soft, pink glow keeping him aloft.
“You about packed up, there, Dante?”  Tony shouted through the partially opened door.
“Uh-huh.  Where are you?” Bucky asked.  “Yeah, it’s him,” Bucky said in a muffled voice, to Nat, Steve assumed.
“More autonomy to make medical decisions, for one thing.  For themselves. Decisions for themselves.  There was—a few years ago, there was that case in Pennsylvania. She didn’t want the treatment anymore.  Just got too hard on her, I guess, and her Alpha insisted she keep getting it, because maybe she gets better, right?  Got a lot of press because she went to court to try to get permission to stop.  ‘Course they said no,” Tony recalled with a twisted grimace.  “That kind of thing happens all the time.  Just no one talks about it.”
“Come on,” Bucky said, patting Thor on the back as he walked past. “I’ll find us a place upriver.”
Tony stared up at him, wide-eyed, too stunned to speak.  He didn’t know what he would say, until he did.
“I said I wouldn’t repeat what you told me in confidence.  Not that I wouldn’t offer my own observations and suggestions to your Alpha,” Jarvis said, rocking back on his heels, then offering Tony an apologetic look.  “But, you knew that.”
“There was something,” Bruce went on, careful, like he was choosing each word. “A couple of sentences in a letter some Nazi research assistant assigned to Schmidt wrote, reporting back to one of Hitler’s underlings in the science division about what Schmidt was up to. Mentioned Erskine was concerned about the possible effects of the serum on the Bond. I mean, the serum, it enhances everything, right? Whatever is inside you already, it makes it…more. Apparently, Erskine’s all worried that the Bond, it’s going to get stronger, too, right? And that…I mean, a Bond already makes people do some seriously insane shit. So Erskine, he’s over there, watching what’s happening, and getting a little concerned about creating a supersoldier that has some soulmate out there, and now this Bond, it’s going to be that much stronger…” Bruce finished, shaking his head slowly, almost apologetically.
“I didn’t know,” Steve said.
“I’m sure he has a lot of adjusting to do—“ Tony started.
. This was everything.
, Bucky’s voice asked from somewhere in the back of his mind.
“Oh, are you speaking to me again?  Well, we’re going to class,” Tony replied nonchalantly.  “Did you miss the part about me not spending another minute away from you.  Granted, that…sounds more threatening than I mean, but work with me here.”
Before, before, before, he sang to himself in his best Jan Brady.  That’s all anyone cares about.  The Tony from before.  He let out a harsh breath and rubbed his head over his forehead.   He wasn’t being fair, he knew.  He didn’t even know what he wanted from Steve, but he wanted something.  Needed it.   And it was pissing him off not to get it, which just made him feel all the worse.  He knew how unreasonable that kind of demand was.  Unreasonable, unfair, impossible.
“And while I currently find that kind of irresistibly sweet, because my brain just starts screaming ‘BABY!’ at me when I see tiny people things, and I rather like imagining you ordering it, the point being, Steve and I worked things out,” Tony explained. “The team is onboard. Seriously, everyone is helping out. You have nothing to worry about,” Tony assured him as the elevator pinged open to the Tower’s common room. Steve was reclining on the sofa against a pile of pillows, Tony noted happily, and turned his head at the elevator’s ding.
—do that again,” Tony replied, clutching his chest.  “What if he said no?  What if he just walked away?  Told me to take a hike? What if—“
“What are you even talking about?” Tony demanded exasperatedly, turning away from the coffee machine while it apparently individually ground each and every bean.
“Yeah.  Yeah,” Steve replied after a pause, the word sinking heavy on his breath like a sigh.  “Thank you.  For…” This.  Bucky. The money.  A way out of Wakanda.  A way back in.  Everything.  “You didn’t have to do this.”
It had been that spring, the last time he saw Joshua.  The fat, grey-furred squirrel met him on the deck and climbed onto Tony’s shoulder to eat the pecans that Tony handed him one by one until his cheeks were stuffed.  That spring.  It was always ‘that spring’ in his head.  The spring they had finally managed to find time to coordinate a stay at the cabin with one of Tony’s Heats.   They never managed that feat again. Not the only thing from that spring they never managed again, Tony thought, closing his eyes for a long moment before opening them again and looking over at the lilies.  That spring was when he lilies first appeared, a bouquet Steve brought back to the cabin in a rush of excitement that translated into a shopping spree.
Tony slowly stepped down from the dais and crossed the mat to where Steve stood, still holding the shield in his hands.  He reached up and lifted the helm from Steve’s head, tossing it aside without seeming to care.  It made a soft thud where it landed on the mat, though neither of them turned.  The rush of cool air against sweat-slicked skin felt good, though Steve could feel beads of it trickle down his brow now that his head was free.  He wanted to swipe at it, but didn’t, though he didn’t know why.  He couldn’t seem to move, or couldn’t seem to want to move, he wasn’t sure, held by the force of Tony’s gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t know.  Away,” Cam said with another light shrug.  Steve supposed that was all that mattered to a twelve-year-old.
“No,” Steve said at the same time, shooting Tony a stern look of disapproval.
“You wanted me to be happy,” Steve reminded him, Tony’s words filtering through his mind again.
Tony wheezed out a surprised huff of a laugh at that, feeling the tightness in his chest ease a bit at the movement.  “Never thought about it that way, but yeah, it kind of does.”
“Jesus Christ!” Steve said, jumping and spinning around, looking for the identity of the mysterious voice.
, Steve thought.
“Looks like,” Steve responded noncommittally.  He took a deep breath, as if bracing himself, then looked over at Tony again, or, rather, at the apparently fascinating refrigerator ice dispenser just behind Tony’s shoulder.  “I know there were…things…I should have told you.  I’m not proud of how I handled everything.  But, you didn’t have to,” he stopped, blinking and looking down and away again, and it nearly broke Tony to see that.  “You didn’t have to pretend, Tony.  You didn’t have to---I didn’t need to be coddled.  I was fine.  I was fine, and this…this thing with you…I can’t do this.  I told you that.  But then you---why couldn’t you just let it go?” Steve demanded, voice rising with each word until he was nearly shouting, but under it all, under the anger and the pain, Tony could hear the plea in his words.
“Most certainly, King’s Prize,” Master Eram said, bowing lowly.  “We are, of course, at your disposal, Your Highness.”
“Yes,” Steve replied after a moment, his voice slurry, like his tongue was too big for his mouth.  He blinked up at the canopy overhead, his body going boneless, as if he were melting the way the candle by the bed sloughed off tallow into a waxy pool at its base.
“He’s young for it, admittedly, but clearly capable.  I can see why Zola would’ve chosen one so young to use against you,” Tony added, then frowned, eyes narrowing on Steve.  “But, this is not what you have to tell me, I take it.”
“I imagine he would be most displeased.  If you told him,” Stane said with a slight shrug.
The pond itself was still the same deep, dark green, coated with bright patches of algae and water plants floating on the top, giving the dragonflies places to land and they darted across, looking for mosquitoes. The small dock protruded out into the center.  A few of the boards were a far lighter wood, replacing the ones that had started to crack with age.  Tony knew which ones would creak when he stepped on them,  bringing all the Dinners, Ones and Days bobbing to the surface in quick, circling darts as they hunted for the food they had come to expect.
Might as well light a candle, burn the place to the ground and sing Happy Birthday to me, Tony thought bitterly.  He should’ve just shut up.  Let Steve cast his vote for Ellis. What was the big deal?  Ellis was going to win, anyway.
“Um,” Tony said. “Hang on.”
“Pretty sure an explosive device that near the President makes it illegal,” Rhodey pointed out.
“You are not very good at this,” Cam said. “But, that is passable. Do not worry, I will say it better for you.  He will be pleased, you will see.” He grinned jauntily, and swung around to go.
“Uh-huh,” Rhodey hummed.  “Give me half an hour?”
Steve stared at him blankly for a moment, then nodded once and went back to picking at his food.
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Josiah nodded and bent slightly at the waist.  Even the venerable guard’s voice sounded tight, Steve noticed. He whistled and raised a fist, gesturing one way and the other as the rest of the guards hurried to take up their positions.
Tony studied him for a long moment, then flopped back against the pillows with a sly grin. “I’m full.”
“Sure thing, Boss,” Happy answered, deftly weaving the car away from the crowd that swarmed around the VIP exit, hoping for a glimpse of whomever might be coming or going.
“Sure, Stark, what is it?” Fury replied.
“Well, my end
“Can I order everything on the room service menu?” Bucky asked.
“Troublemaker, huh?”  Tony asked before he could stop himself. Rogers just laughed though, a short, relieved sound, followed by a rueful smile that made whatever it was wrapped around Tony’s chest uncoil a bit.  Hey, at least he wasn’t being thrown over a conference room table while his parents munched on croissants and coffee downstairs.  Always a silver lining.  And Jarvis said he wasn’t an optimist.
“I think it would feel good,” Steve continued as if Tony hadn’t spoken.
“Ah-ha!  So, that’s why I’m here,” Bruce harrumphed.  “Say it’s because of my science. Come on, say it.”
“You know me so well,” Steve deadpanned.  Tony grinned. “I’m glad you approve. You, ah.  You look fantastic, Tony. Really.”
Okay, so one of those things is not like the other, but he couldn’t help that half his head was full of fanboy glee and half was reminding him that at some point in his youth, all those fantasies about Captain America had taken a decidedly more…actively patriotic turn.
There was a lot of speculation about what, exactly, went down over there with Stark, but the general consensus was some militant off-shoot of the Taliban made a play for a high profile hostage.  It didn’t work, sure, but a lot of good soldiers lost their lives making sure of that.  Couple of press people got wounded, and that translator, Yinsen was his name, he died, too.  He’d worked with a lot of translators over there, lost a few, too, and it always struck him how much risk they took on just to try to help people communicate.
“If you were not compatible, you would not survive the Sharing. I did not want to harm you further,” the alien said.
