The man's face soured like he had eaten a lemon.
John sighed and took it, swallowing the whole thing down in one bite.
“That’s right.” John smiles ruefully. “They rarely do.”
"Did he tell you his name?"
"Yeah, for overpriced shite." Mortimer mutters as Gladstone lurks around each of the shelves.
Sherlock stopped wrapping the gauze around his torso and leaned back on his heels, looking up at John.
Sherlock's great eyes opened and stared at him.
, you will find your man? Your Sheerlocks?”
"Defensive?" She countered. "Ordinary. John’s always going to run. It’s in his nature. Same for you, and for me as well. Don’t tell me otherwise."
Sherlock is sitting in the middle of the bathtub under a cascade of steaming water, naked but for an unbuttoned purple shirt.
"Funny." Moran cocked his head. "I wouldn't call you an innocent civilian."
"Don't leave me again." Sherlock blurts out, breaking the silence with words that sound like they came out without his permission. "I mean, I—you can't go. I'm not ready."
?" John snapped. "Anything? Anything at all?" He paused, thinking on his next words. "For all I know, those three years may have been a breeze for you. You haven't told me anything, nothing about what happened to you or what you've been doing. All you've done is ask about me, which is all well and good, but you have said nothing, not a
John Watson was a man of principle, which, as he accepted his new job, meant that he was the first and only person to ever state his restrictions and limitations. Well, really, he had only had one.
Thus we went circling round the filthy fen
"You never got the chance?"
John suppressed the urge to roll his eyes.
“You have his rope in your hand, and his is in yours. You feel strangled when he is in danger, and so he does for you. You have traded, see. Mine? Mine is still in my hand, where it started. When I am in peril, only I tighten it. Only I care what happens to me.”
He snapped back to himself, ripping himself away from Sherlock’s grasp.
A cool hand touched his forehead. Thin fingers, but average length, not long and spindly like Sherlock's, which must mean—
He looked down at his brother.
“Harriet, where did you—” Sherlock began, but John cut him off.
“You want me to be clear. We seem to be going in circles, so I'll try to be clear,” he said, straightening up and turning away from the window.
He looked out the window as a light snow fell behind the curtain, frosting the papered pane. He could see the vague shapes of people below, shopping, coming back from work, hurrying home under the streetlamps for dinner. He wondered if, given a different history, he and John would be like that, afforded a simple domesticity, uncomplicated by circumstance or lifespan; he wondered if every day they spent together might be more meaningful, being one day less in a very short life. Perhaps, but something was telling him that an eternity was more potent a thing – one lifetime was easy to sign away to another, but an endless amount of years took no less commitment.
to leave the flat."
"Dying doesn't mean that I'll leave you." John said quietly. "You should know that well enough. You never left me."
"I thought you'd gone off somewhere." Sherlock's deep voice says to him, but he doesn't want to open his eyes.
The stars were bright tonight.
He hears John’s voice, and he straightens as it chases away the cold fear like the burn of vodka washes out his throat, hot and bright like he’s plucked a star from the sky and swallowed it. Hastily, quietly, he pulls the emergency brake as the car crests the ramp, threatening to roll downwards all on its own.
“I think…this is going to sound mad, but I think when I came through, when I came to you, so did he.”
"It certainly looks to be." Sherlock chuckled, and John could feel the vibrations humming on his tongue.
, an alien. This morning, before I left, I kissed her in the kitchen, and she
“How did he die?”
“Sherlock,” He calls, tossing his key onto the counter as he sets down the bags, “dinner.”
"Not going anywhere." John muttered, his lips grazing Sherlock's. "M'not going anywhere…"
Sherlock relaxed.
“No. I just want to ask you some questions.”
“He’s smart,” John countered. “He won’t come here if he doesn’t have a good reason. We can’t have him suspicious before he even gets here.”
"The agency knew I would never,
"I don't want you to owe me anything."
He slid across the floor, hastily opening the fridge, reaching into the crisper drawer. He grabbed at the tall container, opening the lid, but feeling its light weight and already knowing with a horrifying certainty: empty. In her warm welcome and by filching some to take to the bar, Harry had drained it all.
"John, shut up. You talk like that again and—John?
With his free hand, Holmes smoothly draws a tape recorder from his trouser pocket, ignorant of Lestrade's pointed brow raise.
Sherlock stood still, hands on his hips as he looked down at his husband. “I feel…that something terrible is going to happen. Perhaps it’s due to what Moriarty said, or Mycroft’s reports; the war is not going well, I’m sure you know that. This empire is buckling under the weight of what its people need. I will not have you be a casualty to an indifferent history.”
"Yes," he said quietly, as he began to pace in a circle around his husband. "I want it to be slow. I want you to think of me as you burn and fall apart and suffer, alone." He paused, cocking his head as he continued to clean his hands. "No. You know what? I've changed my mind. I want it to be quick, over and done with, and you left to nothing but ashes, as if you were never here to begin with." His lips thinned as he frowned. "There is no way I can answer the question you're asking. In either scenario, I am not there to witness it, or play any role other than the ghost that follows you in your heart."
"I figured as much." Sherlock said, staring down at the unconscious guard. "What did he want?"
"That's not what I'm saying at all, Sherlock. I think that after I watched you
A small sound escapes Sherlock as he slumps forward and buries his face into John’s neck.
“You could have saved me, Sherlock.” John says again, his voice soft like Sherlock remembers.
A dark blonde woman, mid-twenties and oddly familiar looking, was staring at Sherlock with blazing blue eyes as if he had just insulted her in the worst way possible.
“100 percent?”
John's face was pale and tired. A sheen of cold sweat had broken out over his skin sometime in the night, plastering his hair to his forehead and covering his still face.
She was going to die here. And there was nothing he could do. He still had a man to find, and appeasing Kita Seung-Eun was his only way.
Her eyes widen.
It took a moment for his words to settle, but the man listened and began to take slow, measured sips. John could almost see rationality settling back into his brain again.
Sherlock's gaze sweeps the lab table, awash with loose papers and dead-end conclusions that have led him nowhere. Lestrade's errant and ill-advised raid on Moran's headquarters had proven, as Sherlock had suggested, pointless. Moran knew that Sherlock knew where he was; anyone with half a brain, including Moran, would've left as soon as he could. Now Sherlock had to pinpoint another location based on erroneous evidence that he considered sloppily gathered by the Yarders and even more carelessly organised. Of course, Lestrade had heard an earful as it was delivered to Sherlock and he had fled the lab just as fast as his feet could take him, offering Molly a quick kiss and promise of lunch together (Sherlock had been unsurprised that in his absence the two had gotten together; Lestrade's divorce had been impending for years and it was obvious that Molly was good with and loved kids so naturally all it took was Lestrade's viewing of his youngest son's fall in a tour of the lab and Molly's subsequent doctoring skills for him to—finally—ask her out.). Sherlock had repressed the urge to say something condescending and then remembered that neither of the pair ever said anything to he and John.
"Squid. I think that may be the nicest thing anyone's called me.
He stares openly, as one does when awestruck by an rare work of art. And that’s what she is, what this is. It transcends her, and this is not Kita Seung-Eun he’s looking at, this is just a canvas and it is the ink that draws his attention, not her curves, not what she’s offering him, and certainly not her.
take him away from me? At the rate you're going, even Anderson has a better profile of me, and he's the worst kind of idiot—"
He hadn't managed to clean off all the blood yet.
"No, it's an Autobahn freeway and we're stuck on the median, John, but that's not the point. I will
“John, don’t—” Sherlock lunged forward, grabbing at whatever part he could reach, wrapping his hand around John’s elbow.
. John must be rubbing off on him.
"I can't sleep." He said quietly, squinting into the bright sunlight. "It's a side-effect of the driver."
what your path is, but Nachash made it a mixed blessing. He began to tempt your ancestors, made their thoughts bleed with vice until you knew what sin was. He robbed you of your purity. "
He drew away, looking up at the man he so loved, and had so missed. Wordlessly, he picked up one bag and Sherlock the other, taking them inside.
," Mortimer adds, sweeping past him to examine the lock on the gates, "he could've been spooked by the scowling skeleton-like detective, which, when you think about it, is probably the weirdest thing of all of this."
“What’s upstairs, James?” He asks casually.
Quinn says nothing, his mouth parting slightly, eyes widening behind the frames of his glasses.
She had just finished sewing up her newest arrival when the hair began to raise on the back of her neck. Slowly, recognizing the feeling, she snipped the plastic thread and set down the scalpel on the tray next to her, being sure it was within reach. Just in case.
The taxi dropped them off at the foot of the driveway. John had gripped Sherlock’s hand so tightly that he thought he might have broken the bones if he could have.
"You will be pardoning me because I do not believe you, sir."
He doesn't look like an angel, or at least not from what Sherlock can see from his position, but everything in him, around him, about him, screams at Sherlock that this being in front of him must be one.
and his third and most reasonable conclusion was
—had been too good to be true.
Mikheia looks to John. The door to the barn is already cracked open. There are twin holes, fresh, burned through the cracked glass. With a nod from John, Mikheia reaches to open the door.
"And this is the work you've wed yourself to?"
His gaze stayed on the smoking debris in front of him.
"This goodbye is…is closer than the last one, isn't it Sh—Sherlock?" John said, a slow smile on his face. "At least we're not s—seven stories apart…"
Or: he can go out there now, and see what waits for him, then plan accordingly.
"Careful, Doctor Watson." A low voice said and John turned his head in confusion, only to meet the black gaze of Sebastian Moran.
“In the parlor earlier, when you came in from the lab.”
). Mortimer warned him when they began,
Sherlock remembers it all. Everything about him. Their brief reunion had only refreshed everything that he’d known and loved about him since before his fall. Not that he’d forgotten. Every detail he could ever recall about John—and it was an almost infinite cache—was steadfastly run through and double-checked when he could spare the time. Tie patterns, shampoo brand, television preferences, shoe scuffs, failed relationships (and reasons why in numerical order), number of calls to his mother (rare), number of visits to Harry (thankfully few), indent of the corners of his smile verses indent of frown when disappointed, it was all logged and reviewed until he saw John once more in that old drafty church in Bruges and the ink began to run so the details bled together. He’d changed—not that Sherlock hadn’t—but in a way to where Sherlock’s log was incompatible with the man that was in front of him, as if he were observing two completely different men. It made sense. Sherlock had never seen John the soldier in full, only glimpses and blink-and-you-miss-it instances. He could see why Mycroft had hired him.
“Gushing praise, coming from you.”
The gyroscope is on its last turn. It’s starting to falter, starting to slow. It will fall soon if he can’t grab the string.
He didn't have to look behind to know John would follow. They raced back up to the deck, where the winners of the race were being presented with their laurels and congratulations. Despite the wound on his head, Cadorin was once more the imperial reigning Bacchus, a sweet pheromone trail from the clotting plasma proteins lilting in the breeze. He turned to it, and caught sight of another doing the same: the fool, Pierrot, wandering through the crowd, his white peasant shirt now dotted in spots of red.
Someone beside him leaned forward and offered him water, which he gladly took. He squinted where a silhouette sat in front of thin curtains, light gleaming behind them, illuminating them like sunlight through a closed eyelid.
It must have been the punch.
Too many people, too many, and that was what Moran had been waiting for. He was going to fulfil Moriarty's last request, that John be killed where Sherlock Holmes could see it and he was going to do it because Moriarty was to Sebastian Moran what Sherlock was to John Watson, an invaluable man he held in the highest regard, whom he would gladly die for, whom he would gladly put his military skills to good use with, and whom he would avenge if given the chance. John had offered his life for Sherlock's at the pool that night they met Moriarty, and now it was simply Moran's turn, although it came to him too late.
“In many ways,” Mycroft continued, “He completed me by being everything I wasn’t, like John did for you. He was funny and loud and crass and I loved him. When we were together, the world seemed lighter, the sun was warmer, and I was happy, enough so that I couldn’t see that he wasn’t. He told me once that he wished we could stay as we were forever. I suspect he feared growing up, going out into a world that he felt he had no idea how to handle. I used to imagine how it would be after we graduated, how we’d move in together and create our own life, together. I assumed, wrongly perhaps, that he knew we would end up together, that I’d be there for him, to help him. The day before graduation, I found him in his room, asleep. I made him breakfast before I went to wake him up. Of course I’m certain you realise that my venture was foolish. I didn’t wake him up. He was dead, and I was alone with a cooling breakfast that he’d never eat.”
"I need vitriol."
Azazel, stuck in a pit in the desert (this story's Sheol), can only return to Earth for Judgment Day, but I used the mystical powers of plotlines to bring him out of the pit, if only to move this story forward.
Ciarán Hinds and Colin Farrell - "In Bruges"
The line clicks off and John places the phone back in Lestrade’s pocket, straightening up to look back out the window, where the sun dips behind the silhouetted horizon. A figure is dark against the glass, standing on the balcony, unmoving. Waiting.
"You don't have much of an accent for a native son."
." Sherlock says quietly.
It's over!
He smiles.
Mycroft stares at him, eyes flickering down before he smiles, and Sherlock thinks it may even be genuine. “It is good to see that you aren’t dead yet.”
"One of my little spies." His brother says with an answering smug grin.
“I…I have not lived there for many years. I was born there originally, in a small city, but I came here after I graduated university.”
"Sherlock," John cuts in sternly, cupping his hand around the curve of Sherlock's temple. "If you hadn't been smart enough to notice, I'd be dead now."
He’d dreamed that he’d had pine in place of marrow in his bones. That was all he could remember, that sticky sweet smell that perfumed his insides, turning his blood to sap. He couldn’t decide if it was worth saving or deleting, so he set it aside.
"Yes you are." John says, turning to look over the back of his chair. "I've been well enough to leave the flat since yesterday and every time you bar the door and give me some bollocks about airborne diseases that's not even half-true—"
Sherlock's mind whirred with calculations, ratios, the odds of each shot being as precise as they were
Where was he?
"Think of it as collateral." John barked. And with that, he pushed the pedal down and drove away, leaving the lone, dark figure of Sherlock Holmes behind him, standing in the desert with the body he put there.
He was doing it again.
"I know you've wondered why exactly I left. I've been a bit vague about that, haven't I? I don't think I can really tell you one reason. I suppose the gist of it is that I left you so you would be safe, but you found me anyways. You found me, and now all those three years have gone to hell for nothing because you're more dangerous than I thought you could be. But it's not a bad thing, you know. It doesn't scare me. I think I may actually love you more for it."
"No, I know who this bullet is for, Holmes." Moran said, tracing John's temple with the muzzle and missing Sherlock's stricken gaze. "I know it will destroy you even if you remain unharmed. There's no fooling me on this one."
He opens his mouth as if to say something, but his anger seems to be beyond words.
He handed over his shirt. As reached over to turn down the oil lamp, the light caught the line of gold at his chest. He sighed. “This hasn’t left us.”
“I know.” Sherlock conceded, and he sounded miserable. “It’s not the same when you’re not with me.”
"However, I anticipate that it might solve a few things—" Sherlock began, but was cut off as John took his bottom lip between his teeth and bit softly, enough to sting but not enough to hurt. The noise that escaped him seemed to John to be god-like, some breath infused with sunlight and warmth muttered from Apollo to Hyacinth, something that was certainly not human, not even remotely close—
works as well as chapters of this work.
Sherlock was in the middle of one of the most beautiful silences of his life before the sun rose and they arrived in Prague and he had to wake John all too soon to change trains. But how he loved watching those blue eyes open, watching sentience pour into them like water, a smile blooming on John's face as he stared up at Sherlock from where his head lay on his lap. He decided then and there that he would like to see it happen every morning.
"Don't you fucking bring him up, Watson—"
“Get you a new friend.”
“All of them. A little more each time, but I also died…a little more each time.”
"The Golem? Did you kill him?"
He had never been so close to his brother’s mate, and it was rather unnerving. He had always been aware of John, the kind of person he was, his influence on Sherlock for the better, but now he could sense the man in full, overwhelmingly so as he pushed deeper and deeper through his spirit, his psyche, he was never quite sure what to call it, but the ethereal substance that inhabited every living person, made them unique, an individual.
"You still trust her."
He couldn't bring himself to eat or think or sleep. He couldn't even think of...of him anymore. Not by name. He couldn't. He just drifted through space, ignorant of the stars and light and beauty, just seeing blackness, slowly moving along into the infinite parameters.
He opened his eyes to a blurred, pale shape standing above him.
He's interrupted by another text from John.
In a week, she will see his face and sigh in relief because the burn on his side didn't extend past his neck and he is just as beautiful as she imagined him to be.
“Really?” He can’t help but be a little offended. “You think I’m working for him? You think I’d waste my time so poorly?”
Such a scene of domesticity. He'd never thought he'd live to see the day, much less one where he was happy with it. No, not happy. Content. It wouldn't well have done for him to call common domesticity happiness. Sometimes it made him want to scream and tear his hair out when John broke the quiet and clinked his teacup against the saucer. But right now, in this moment, everything was peaceful.
Lestrade had called, his voice like a curator promising a masterpiece to a collector. Sherlock had been wary; Lestrade found many things interesting that he didn't. But John reassured him that Lestrade knew his rule of not leaving the flat for anything below a seven; Sherlock threatened to boycott any further cases if this one was a disappointment. John laughed and chucked his scarf at him.
“Please, John, we may not be a typical family, but at the very least we still share some semblance of genetics—”
“Of the two of us, I am the one who has more room to be…let’s say flexible in the work. Pulling you out of Petrograd was a mistake, although I do agree that you can’t go back, not with the current political climate…”
"No."
He’d wondered, amid a haze of anger, if Mycroft had forgotten his promise when John told him his boss was that slobbering walrus. But then John was high on a psychotic Sherlock had no experience with and then he was babbling desperately at John and the words
Jim's eyes slide shut in utter irritation.
"What, were you expecting something horrendously unnatural like three spleens or a working appendix?"
"Yes, sir?"
Mary sighed, sadness in her breath. Sadness for him.
Harry rolls her eyes, which strikes Sherlock as an incredibly
Mikheia did not seem to be deterred in the slightest by his arrogance.
"I could have." Sherlock admitted. "But this way was more enjoyable."
He turned to John and smiled, as if he knew something John didn't. "I can."
Sherlock grins despite himself.
Sherlock glares at him for his pettiness before he growls “
Mortimer takes a louder sip from his tea in response.
“There’s nothing to worry about. Everything is fine.”
“Yes, see, I think this is being most weird because Georgiy does not grow apples here—Sir? What is it?”
He stares down at her. Wondering, for a moment, if he could play stupid, if it would give him the upper hand.
. The great Sherlock Holmes, in love?" Moriarty laughs, a clang on cold metal. "I just thought you wanted to fuck him! Oh my god, Sherlock, do you know how beautiful this is? This is beyond beautiful. This is
Sherlock draws his knees to his chest as he watches John steep their tea then sit it in front of him as he walks into the sitting room and takes the opposite chair.
He stared through the microscope lens and felt he needed to throw his voice into the void of relative silence.
He’d survived Afghanistan. He could survive one more night in a hotel that may or may not have possessed his best friend-cum-boyfriend.
, he wants to say,
Moran's head snapped up and even from a distance Sherlock could see his smile widen.
Sherlock represses the urge to laugh. He nods his head in thanks.
"Can't you just enjoy the compliment without your constant modesty getting in the way?" Sherlock groaned, but John knew he wasn't truly annoyed. "I am very grateful for your presence in my life and I am trying to show you."
Sherlock doesn’t answer, eyes skimming over his phone, and John has learned enough about him to be patient and wait until he answers instead of repeating himself. He knows that Sherlock has perfectly fine ears.
He can feel Irene freeze behind him, only for a moment, before she disguises it by moving around him to the sink.
Oh. It's the beginning of disillusionment, born out of boring menial tasks and flourishing in war.
Sherlock tosses the door to the cab open as soon as it pulls next to the kerb, leaving John, as always, to pay the slightly irritated driver. Apparently ceaselessly chanting 'Drive faster, you miserable little man' isn't the way to win over a cab driver. Sherlock doesn't mind. His track record with them isn't particularly good anyways; for that matter, neither is John's if manslaughter counted for anything.
I blink. Rain spatters on the window outside. Dishes clink from inside the kitchen. The warm bright balls of flame turn to soft gold light from the table lamp at my head. The wind picks up, screaming in my ears, and the storm outside rages. I don’t want to leave my cellar. Not really. Or so I tell myself. I lie like any other man; I die like any other man.
“So.” John began, nodding as the servant filled his glass.
"I guess that's good information to have. I'll put it on my resume."
.” John corrects.
The sequel of Cicatrix has been posted! Thanks to everyone who read! Enjoy!
“I do.” John answers staunchly. “And you love me.”
How do you begin to describe a luxury so lush and dark that you feel as if the air on your skin is powdered gold and silken ivory?
"Are you alright?"
"What does he mean 'your tastes'?" He asks John.
"Are you alive?" He muttered as Sherlock pulled away, resting his forehead on John's.
He'd remember it all later and go over it detail by detail as if his life depended on it, after the encounter the next day in Prague. He'd remember, and try to find a way for John to forgive him.
Barmy idiot, always addressing it like that…He froze as he opened it, reading the short, sparse note:
“She’s well…she knows what’s coming. I think everybody does, in one regard or another. Now, tell me how you know Grishka Yefimovich is one of our kind.”
"I think I can live with that."
"You don't mix business and pleasure, then?" Sherlock asked, and something in his tone made John pause, something dangerous, as if he were daring him. He turned in his seat.
"Myself." John repeats, but at Mycroft's exasperation he adds: "Although there is a higher justice, if that's what you're getting at. It's not one defined thing, though. It's…vast, it's great and big and absolute."
“Why is that?”
She just wished they weren't so loud. The walls were quite thin and their room happened to be above hers (family business and all, why rent a house when they had more than enough rooms?).
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock asks acerbically.
"Books."
Mikheia smiles at him.
"It's possible." Sherlock admits. "The world never suffers from a shortage of people desperate enough for attention and mad enough to try and get it."
, making me think you were dead, all of our kind that I slaughtered on the shore that day…I never wanted you to see me like that, like the monster I used to be, and it’s like none of it ever even mattered, because you think he’s so
“Sherlock—” John stops, trying to corral his thoughts. “I’ve never seen him, not in all the time I watched you—”
“Come in.”
The fact that John was the Golem did not surprise him, once he had acclimated himself to the shock of it.
were the anomaly.
“Think what? You’re clearly uncomfortable with this topic of conversation, and yet we cannot move forward unless it’s been exorcised from us completely. You’re a doctor, what would you do with a gangrenous limb?”
“That’s not what I asked.”
He kicks the dog out of his bed and it circles itself before settling down on the floor. He hasn’t even named it yet. He wonders what John called it. He hopes it wasn’t eponymous; two Sherlocks in one flat would be a nightmare.
“How did you find me?”
He dragged John into his lap, his back to his chest, shirt covered in still warm deer blood. He stuck two fingers into the open wound on the animal’s neck, its eyes staring blindly upwards, and pressed them into John’s mouth, willing him to at least lick at it. But John did nothing, his tongue lax, and Sherlock felt another jolt of overwhelming panic crash over him, desperation spiraling into his gut as the great void that had threatened his entire life split open below him.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
He starts to laugh. A stream of giggles that runs into full blown gut-clenching laughter, complete with his eyes tearing up.
Wordlessly, Zlata picked up the phone and dialled the room.
Alone with that fucking door that stared at him all the time like a curious bystander at a crime scene, wondering what kind of carnage was happening past that tape.
A slow, still exhale.
--//--
He has time.
"I'm still alive, Mycroft." He bit out between breaths of air. Like he would waste his life away on something so painfully inadequate as drowning in a hotel bathtub. If he was bent on drowning—though he hadn't decided if that was the way to go yet—it would be out somewhere bigger, out where the stars would be the last thing he could see, where he could gaze up and hope that John would greet him on the other side, provided there was one. Was there an ocean near Sarajevo? How quickly could he get there?
I came back to Texas almost two years later, left arm slung up after a bullet had torn through it, barely into my third decade but already feeling as if I'd aged forty years since. No one had said a word about what war truly was, but now I knew, had seen and lived it for myself, and it was a great and terrible experience that is as much a part of me as my own soul and mind and matter.
He looked in the mirror as it fogged up, consuming his face. His hair was matted in thick patches by dirt, his cheeks coated with a thin gritty residue that was streaked through from dried tears. His eyes were red from smoke. Or so he told himself.
Mrs Hudson slaps him when she opens the door. He deserves that. He deserves many things.
“I don’t know. She’s my sister - I mean, you know, not really – but apart from you she’s the only one I’ve got.”
But this was different; they had silently agreed it would not end like all the other luckless and aborted sessions. John had allowed him into their bond, fully. He was ready.
Lestrade gave him a basic overview. The man had been watching over the hotel for the winter months after the staff left and brought his wife and son along. He'd been working on a manuscript and it had driven him crazy, or the hotel had, rather, at least according to him. Lestrade offered to send pictures and a video interview, but Sherlock had declined. This had to be more personal.
So many questions. So many. Three years of questions, in fact.
"They are all locked." Mikheia said, his voice coming from everywhere and nowhere. "I am thorough, sir, if nothing else."
"And since you're 19," Sherlock continued, "You were born during the Bosnian War, which means your mother fled with yourself and your older, red-headed sister after your father was killed somewhere around 'Ulica Zmaja od Bosne', commonly known as 'Sniper Alley', I'm guessing sometime before it became a known civilian death spot, so he must have been running an errand, and since the snipers didn't spare children you obviously weren't there. His death forced to you to be the man of the house virtually your entire life, hence the chip on your shoulder and your eagerness to tell me your age."
“Xanax,” he scoffs. “That was your drug of choice, Jelen?”
He turned around.
He had no idea of how Sherlock was feeling, what he was feeling, who he was feeling it about. He felt as if he had been cast out of love, the door slammed in his face, and he had not meant to do it the way that he did, yet one day he had found himself watching himself from a great distance one night during a snowstorm as Sherlock presented the ticket John had bought and hid away in the pocket of his travel jacket: a single billet to Turkey, one way, for the next night's train.
"Never gave them the chance." John replied, shrugging on a new shirt. "Have you ever seen me with stubble, Sherlock?"
"John is not the one responsible for Jim's death. If anything, I am to blame. Logically then, your gun is aimed at the wrong person."
"What?"
“You’ll have to elucidate, I’m afraid.”
“How do you know I haven’t made my move already?” Moriarty asked, taking the knight.
“Safer.” He repeats again. He’s staring into nothing and I don’t know what he’s thinking unless he tells me
was not what you said to a friend and loved one when you deserted them and left them stranded, alone, when you made them think you were dead, and then reappear years later and expect that to melt away all their grief.
thing. Eh, you know how it goes…” He pats Sasha on the head before striding to a grove of trees to reach into their innards and pick dry branches. The dog barks, padding up to him with a stick in his mouth. “What good is finding dry wood if you’ve gotten slobber all over it?” He asks, pulling the stick from Sasha’s mouth and tossing it, watching as he bounds across the snow after it, disappearing into the small grove of walnut trees.
"Heavens no," Irene hummed. "Just an average Tuesday night. This way." She veered off to the left, descending a short flight of stairs into a sudden plunging darkness. "These tunnels were built centuries ago. They even connect to the Campo in San Marco. The Castellanis used them as escape routes to smuggle goods through the port. Plenty of secrets," she winked at Sherlock, "In case you get bored."
“He isn’t going anywhere, Mycroft.” Sherlock answers, stepping into the light as he snatches a remote from a tray and presses a button. The chair whirs to life. It’s the kind of chair you’d have in a dentist’s office.
"Obvious." Sherlock repeated.
"All pure conjecture, then?" Sherlock asked as John stepped out of the shower.
"He followed you to Algiers, and I was left wondering which of you was the dog trotting along after its master." Irene stared at the open window, stared into something past it all, dark and unreachable. "I was alone after Norway. I haven’t been alone in two hundred and three years. And I reacted…poorly. Same as you."
“I keep seeing him kill you. I didn’t look then and now it’s all I see. Even when you’re right here, he’s still cutting you open.”
? For this friend? For your only friend? That would be my best of guesses."
"Explain."
"You did?"
Mortimer says something amusing to her and she smiles coyly, without the predator’s gleam that Sherlock was privy to. James is far too relaxed for a demon hunter to be around a certified supernatural creature, but there is still information Sherlock has not uncovered. Questions still unanswered.
"Well if I'm tofu, you're squid." John said, picking an egg roll out of the box.
"Name's Richard Thompson. Stockbroker in them middle of a second divorce…apparently his birthday is tomorrow." John says with a 'tch' of pity. "That's a shame—"
"Nico."
He stared at the gun for a long moment then sighed, turning away to start the long walk back to town.
As the train began to leave, as Sherlock glimpsed a flash of Mary's face, half-hidden in shadow, as the two of them headed onwards with John passed out, exhausted from his drug-induced meltdown, his mind raced.
"Mycroft?"
me. There was only with and without. I am the after, I’m what’s left—dammit Mycroft, he was supposed to die
“I expected better from you two. Safety first.”
"I ran from him.
"Emma." John says as she answers the door. "We have to talk."
“There
"Not a loss in the physical sense, of course," Sherlock began, "but when I see you when you're firing your gun, when I see the emptiness in your eyes, I—" He shut his eyes against cool, soft flesh, his eyelashes brushing John's navel. "I don't like it. I don't like it at all."
Sherlock shook his head, and John knew that in those first few weeks, like minutes as everything settled to the bottom only to be shook up again, that Sherlock had been just as upset about it as he had been. Their nature had drawn them to different reactions. One to poppy blood, and the other to a different kind of damnation.
“I know of an army doctor on the hospital train.” The monarchist said. “One Doctor Lazovert. He sympathizes; I will entrust the task to him.”
me, Sherlock. I didn't know what else to do. I started looking for things that made me feel in control again, and the agency was the best option."
“Thank you.” He said quietly, returning to his book. Sherlock turned his head and stared out the window.
"So it's murder now, if you know the target personally?"
"And, if he was here, right now, would that hurt be less?"
of me. Nachash wanted to antagonize him, get a reading of the depth of our relationship and make him angry, make him fight to his fullest potential. He brought John back to prove that he could. It’s all a game, and what’s happened until now has only been a prologue. He’s going to return soon with the feature presentation.”
“You could just cut out the middleman and sleep with me.” Sherlock murmurs and John sighs.
After he landed a particularly sharp hit below Moran's ribcage, he realised he was crying stinging, dehydrated tears. The kind of tears borne from a harsh wind whipping at them, borne from keeping his eyes open too long so he could see the blood blooming from under his hands.
“I have to go.”
Sherlock buries his head in his hands.
"Yes you did." Sherlock said, speaking finally. Mikheia and John looked to him. "And you should listen to what I am about to say because I will once say this once for however long we may know each other. You are a good man, Mikheia. You did Darwin a great service when you weeded that primeval lout from the garden."
Mikheia strummed on his guitar absentmindedly for a moment, thinking, before looking up.
"No…thank you." He mumbled before he realized that the waiter had not been talking to him, but to another booth further down. John sighed, burrowing into the corner of his own booth between the wall and window. He loved corners. It meant your back was guarded and no one could sneak up on you. Of course when you were stuck in one that was another matter.
He had to know.
“Then what made the little dots in your little brain connect that to me not wanting you near me?”
“He said it was a place where you forgot the lightness of being,” he remembers, “where happiness evaporated like water. A place without shade, full of suffering.”
Irene sighs. “Can’t we just catch up like old friends do?”
. He had briefly considered the thought that it was simply two men sharing a name, which happened often enough, but a quick scan through the pages of each revealed an uncommon bloodlust for hunting game, which sent off all the alarms in John's head, a warning that screamed '
“I would find you.”
Sherlock raised his hand, wiping a trail of blood from John’s mouth with his thumb. Gathering the droplet, he swiped it over the wound the bullet had left, rubbing it into the marred flesh, observing the damage up close. If they lived, it would scar.
Someone knocked on the door. Mycroft went to open it. He knew Sherlock wouldn't move.
For a moment, Mycroft can practically hear the gears turning in that hyperactive head, weighing his options, before Alkaev’s feet touch the floor and Sherlock backs away.
He froze, slowly bringing his eyes up. He’d heard it too, the low, quick sound of an elevated heartbeat. Glancing up through his lashes, he watched as a doe came to the edge of the water, slim pink tongue dipping into the pond as it drank.
He must have gotten the record by now, and yet he hadn’t called. It wasn’t his longest, perhaps only an hour or so, and he didn’t know what the hell else there was for John to do in Karachi, so what was the delay?
There’s a pause, a shaky inhale, then: “John.”
's death, however, had always been an
. But that is too hard to say out loud.
Sherlock's head whipped around."
“Standard rules?”
"What was it like? War?"
“Where do you want me to start?”
What had happened here, in all regards, had been an unforeseen and unexpected affair, one whose strength he had not anticipated. He sighed, a long, low exhale.
"I'm afraid that I can't let you leave."
"I have a history of inaccuracies, like any other man."
"Moran." Sherlock said calmly. His voice was almost courteous.
Mortimer chuckles as he sips his wine. “I hope I never see the inside of your flat, Mr Holmes, otherwise you might find yourself destitute and I’d have a new hobby of thievery. You’re a very interesting man, you know. A singular consulting detective with a Tenebest at your feet and a Nephilim of your own watching over you.”
The stock that he had gotten from Olympia had been strong, heady. John could never come up with the words to describe the feeling – ridiculous, seeing as he was the writer between them – but it was a very potent, very fortified fine wine, dark and rich, and going immediately to their heads. It was more than an indulgence, it was euphoric, it was life, it was everything at is purest, and it felt
“Apologies,” The voice says, turning the light away towards the wall, “You must be feeling very disoriented right now. I can’t say your friend is doing much better.”
Azazel staggers to his feet, ragged claws scraping the cement. His hair is matter with atramentum, globs dripping onto his shoulders and muddying his clothes.
“He has a myriad of reasons, of which you’re well aware.” He muttered, running his tongue along his elongated teeth. “He believes I have been unfaithful, he disapproves of my drug use, he does not like being reminded of you because of what he perceived we did together.”
"That's redundant, John. What will happen to you if you go back?"
Sherlock yawned.
“Although it is appreciated, Zana, your help is not required.”
I pick up my fork and reach across the table to swirl it in his lo mein. It drips sauce onto the table, and he watches me eat it.
"Could you blame me for not telling you? It's not like I've had friends who have cared about my well-being."
John can't wait to go home.
“Ishido.” He nods in greeting, relaxing.
Sherlock sounded so annoyed that John nearly forgot that he was the one who had the right to be offended in their petty feud.
He bolted up from his makeshift bed, pulling on his thin thermal and stolen jacket as he stumbled out into the empty, chilled hall.
Cold dew begins to cling to the edges of John’s feathers as he climbs higher into the clouds. The night is quiet around him. It always is if you fly high enough, the noise and nightlife melting away until an unrivaled hush rises around him.
“What will that be?”
No answer, just heaviness.
Mycroft stills, going even stiffer than Sherlock could imagine a human body was capable of.
Jim had said they wouldn't get a happy ending.
.” Mycroft responds. “You think it’s impossible to find Moran and his accomplice once we arrive in Mostar. You are, I regret to say, incorrect. It’s incredibly possible that we will find them, and perhaps John too if we’re lucky. Mostar is not London. It’s not even  Sarajevo. It is, for all intents and purposes, a small city and, fortunately for us, there are only two ways to get there: bus and train. We’ll be using both, and, as these travel methods are both currently under my surveillance, so, I assume, will our two runaways.”
"Humour us all the same. We've got all night."
John stares at Mycroft for a moment before a knowing grin comes to his face.
John shut his eyes.
The attic space was dark and cramped, the wood floor breathing wetly in the damp. He climbed the ladder first, barring the protests from his team. He knew what – and who – he would find, and the only danger lay in his own uncertainty, his greatest fear waiting to be confirmed, his greatest hope lingering in the vast ether, tethered to a fragile, tenuous theory which he could no longer easier define by reason than emotion.
"You're one to talk." John scoffed, taking his arm out of Sherlock's hand as he attempted to walk away. He managed to wobble a few steps before his knees collapsed out from under him. Sherlock caught him before he hit the ground.
“No, John, no, I would nev—” Sherlock stops, unable to correctly phrase what his mind is yelling at him. “You saw what Mycroft had on the netbook in Stockholm.”
"Once or twice I tried masturbation, but that was uneventful—"
The bell rings as the door opens. They both glance over.
Sherlock’s fingers are turning white around the journal as he clutches it to him before their private plane leaves. Once they’re in the air, he turns to his side as if to go to sleep, but amid the quiet churn of the propellers Mycroft can hear the turning of pages. He busies himself with his phone, awaiting news from Mary, whom he’s sent to monitor the hospital.
"Honestly, you're being stupider than normal, Lestrade—"
John slumps against him and Sherlock uses the dishrag to wipe the sweat from his face before tossing it across the room.
“No,” Moran smiles. “You’re overthinking it.”
.” Mikheia replies. “
“Your purpose?” John reiterates coldly.
"Let's just stick with calling them werewolves."
"When can we get a shower?"
“Sherlock,” John says apprehensively, coming to a stop. “Are you sure you want to—”
John and Lestrade stare at him incredulously and John sighs.
"Mycroft can go choke on a fistful of cake for all the good he'd done for me."
"Perhaps I should've." Sherlock said, not unthoughtfully. "Did you fight by air or by land?"
!” John snarls, anger flaring at such callous flippancy. “You
"Yes, I've heard that people often think pandas are cuddly."
to have, you are
"Do you want it to be?" Sherlock asks, not looking away from his book.
"Your jacket is three years out of date and the elbow is wearing through. She will not be impressed." Sherlock huffs before turning on his heel and leaving an utterly bemused John in the parlour.
…about that…"
“John…” Sherlock slurred, a dumb smile coming to his face, more relaxed than he had seen him in years. He clasped a palm around John’s neck, forgetting his bare hands as he drew their bodies together, and kissed him.
“Yes, I’ve heard that.”
"The same can be asked of you."
With a curious look on his face, he climbs into the train car.
He hadn't paid much attention to the unused cigarette pack. Not since John's last birthday, when he'd been deciding on whether to call anonymously or not and subsequently worked himself into an agitated state before lighting a cigarette and then getting into a very heated argument with the landlady over his right to smoke inside. He'd thought that it was the least of her concerns considering the opium den two floors above and three rooms to the left that he told her of in so many words. He hadn't made many friends that day, but that was because his Mandarin was limited and he had been focusing all his attention on the only friend that he deemed deserved enough of it.
"You're the genius, you figure it out."
"John, please."
He needed to call Mycroft.
, he can’t just
“Harry.” John warned, sitting on the sofa. “So…how long do you think you’ll be here?”
"He—I feel like I know him, somehow."
He wanted to protect John, to make sure no one would ever hurt him again, to make sure that his back was never split open and he never had to suffer at the hands of another. But, as much as he hated to admit it, he had no means to, at least not at present. After he had stripped off John's bloody clothes he had searched for his gun, but it was missing. Mikheia still had his, but there was little ammunition and none could be found here unless they left the house. If someone were to attack them in the night, all Sherlock had was his wits, close combat skills, and whatever was close to him that he could throw.
Silence was becoming his constant companion, and he adored it, kissed its feet, wrapped himself around it every chance he got. Silence was his lover, his best friend, his one and only, because every second it stayed was one more moment where no one disturbed him.
"Whose voice?" The detective had asked.
“Is there a way you can find him?” He asks, not desperately because he is not desperate. John will be fine this time, he’s sure of it. He won’t make the same mistake twice.
"You ain't my mother, last I was aware."
"You were wrong about me, at least when we first met. I was five when my father died," Mikheia began quietly. He was not cowed or embarrassed or hurt. He said it as fact, because it deserved to be acknowledged and recognised, not shoved in the dark like something to be ashamed of. "Which would make me 24, not 19. I thought if I told you a younger age you might be more inclined to take pity on me and perhaps tip me a bit more. Once I realised I was wrong we were already on the way to Bruges and I chose to stay with you for other reasons that did not involve pity or money. But that is another story, for another time."
“Humans like answers, John.” Sherlock says, crossing his arms. “We’re a curious creature.”
"No. He didn't tell me."
"Sorry." John sighs, typing on his phone. "He does that."
"We won't," Sherlock answered, "until we find out ourselves."
"I've been beaten by the great Sherlock Holmes." Mary said quietly. "A feat that destroys his victims as surely as it guarantees their infamy. But what can he do when the victim is clever enough to destroy him?"
." It was a hiss, a breath of realisation. When Moriarty spoke next he was nearly giddy. "Don't tell me you
"No, the other reason. It's quite…
John has one option.
He’s in a barn—or at least that’s what these ruins used to be—on his back. His clothes are soaked. His side aches and he puts a hand to it, but jumps back at the sharp pain; when he raises his palm, he can see blood.
“I’m on my way. Keep the phone on. Keep them safe.”
He didn't quite grasp much other than Sherlock's constant presence.
“I’ve been better.” Sherlock whispered back. The pain in his thigh was at a roaring inferno, unbearable. He’d wish John had the strength to cut it off.
“Yes. That was his boss’ calling card. No one else I’ve ever met has done that. It’s got to be him. He must have survived…”
John watches as Mikheia converses with the old man at the mouth of the barn, smiling and joking as he takes an old oil lamp and a covered tray from him. Goats bleat in the distance, the land quiet as it gets ready for bed.
His phone beeps and without his eyes leaving his brother, he pulls it out.
He is speechless, because he has no clue what brought John to him, but he knows that he will let nothing on this earth take him away.
"Your father gave me implicit instructions: do not disturb the Norwegians. Alright?"
"Sherlock? What is it?"
“You don’t know me.”
Someone’s tapping on the table nearby. Anxious, a smoker with poorly tended nailbeds and uneven, broken nails from a habit of nervous chewing.
they’ve gone…”
"How is your arm?" He asks, because he both wants to know and change the subject.
"Oh, put those
"Why did we have to share?" Moran cut across quietly.
"It's not your fault, John. You gathered what evidence you had and deduced what you could. You suited the facts to suit your theories."
"I'm sorry, Sherlock." He murmured quietly. "But I have a lot of things to make up for."
"I want the name."
A brief reminder: John and Mikheia's scenes take place around 2 months before Sherlock and Mycroft head to Mostar.
The peace of the park undulates with the cool wind. He stares at that spot out in the water. He’s memorised it, traced it by sight and a wrinkled, frantic memory amid splashing water, outlined it like a body at a crime scene, only it can’t quite be marked with chalk like the others. He wishes it could. He must remember this, since no one else will. He will be the relic, the plaque that stands in this place. He will be the monument, dedicated to a life few witnessed and more owed their lives to. Moran—Azazel—he would have killed more. Nachash would have told him to kill more. One might be gone, but one was still left...
. He smells the tea he’s lifting to his lips, and Sherlock is right there in front of him, plucking the violin softly in the quiet night, dark against the window. A warm breeze brushes through the living room, and the street sounds as cars pass by drift in and mingle with the violin. John feels a smile come to his face.
There is a noise from the box, a low keening.
“Don’t you see John?” He chuckles. “I already did.”
Billy took advantage of the momentum to kick out, catching Sherlock square in the chest, flying out to the other side of the yard.
“Then what made the little dots in your little brain connect that to me not wanting you near me?”
“I’m serious.” He says. “Come back for me later.”
After John muttered
"I need to bandage your wounds, John." Sherlock said, moving around the room as Mikheia propped John against the headboard. "We can't risk an infection that would send you to the hospital. Anyone could find you there."
Mikheia caught Sherlock's slight smile as he stirred in his milk.
“No.” He answers finally, handing it back to Sherlock. “I believe you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock reaches out in front of him to pick up the phone, the motion smooth in execution but hesitant in nature. Lestrade understands that he is bearing witness to a rare event: Sherlock Holmes has been caught off-guard.
John would like varenyky, those little doughy dumplings. John would like the buttery taste. John would ask for seconds. John would accept the family's insistent offerings of vodka and bread. John would do all those things that Sherlock couldn't. To this family, Sherlock was a weird, bitter alien. He supposed he wasn't doing the good name of England any favours.
"Providing Moran doesn't get to me first?" John asked before he realised what he was saying. His blood hummed with a calmness he hadn't felt in years. The thrill of a chase, knowing Sherlock was there with him, it was like a heat that didn't burn but pulsed and coursed through him.
"I got it." John smiles, handing him the rucksack, but Sherlock tosses it aside because why should he bother his hands with it when this perfect man is in front of him, wounded, and so proud that he got what they came for.
"Stop apologizing." Sherlock huffed. "It makes me want to feel sorry for you."
John crosses his arms and straightens his stance. “I asked him to bring me.”
Sherlock freezes, heart hammering as he stares into the dark street.
. He wants you to be like him. He wants you to close yourself off like this, and he took John because that was the easiest way to get to you.
“Do you know how expensive that will be to send it here?”
The man responds by tossing a water bottle in John’s direction, striking him roughly on the chest before it rolls into his lap. He closes his knees around it to stop it from tumbling to the floor.
It must have been the punch.
"I'm not doing anything." Jim smiles. "Just tuning him out of the conversation. He was becoming quite boring. I don't know how you stand it." He nudges at John's leg with his foot.
of hatred and darkness won't follow. John is simply overcome by the desire to have Sherlock nowhere near it; he'll have to come up with a plan later.
“Oh, wonderful. I was hoping to live as conspicuously as possible. Lovely to know it worked.
"What does that mean?"
John had wasted precious minutes sitting and staring at the blood on the bed. He could barely move himself to breathe. He wasn't as excellent at deduction at Sherlock, but he was alright—good, even—when it mattered.
"Are you expecting to find anything unusual?" He asks finally.
John had always had good upper body strength.
“Looks a bit like a bloodstain.” Sherlock remarks. “Appropriate.”
Was this what Sherlock had known, what he had felt going up those stairs to the roof of St. Bart's? That he was going to die? It was an odd feeling, a stranger smudged among familiar thoughts. It felt cold and empty, bells clanging tightly inside his gut.
"Oh, no—" Sherlock sighed, before the woman bounded up to him and slapped him with a resounding, harsh smack.
“Well you
"No he's really not Sher-did you…did you just say I was
, a slightly pathetic pun on Vasily Dokuchaev, a Russian geologist who founded the idea of soil science—so she must have been the life of the party—please tell me something that I might find
Sherlock was pacing.
Mikheia glanced at him then shrugged.
Quinn grins.
. You could tell the weaker blood from the better ones; it felt thin and watery, less substantial, and frankly put, the high wasn’t as good.
We are going to ring your friend Mr Holmes shortly. I will allow you to talk with him under my supervision. You will not tell him where you are, who I am, or anything about what has happened to you here. You are to say the phrase ‘Resignedly beneath the sky, the melancholy waters lie’. Can you repeat that for me now, please?”
"You can say that again."
Moran stared at him for a moment, a slow smile coming on his face.
(he had told them 'door', but they were well-skilled in differentiating between what people said and what they meant) was going to be a problem, he may as well get rid of it.
John blanched. "Right about what?" He turned to Sherlock, who had a slightly apologetic look on his face. "Sherlock, what the hell did you do now?"
“Is this your new place, then?” She asked, flopping down into Sherlock’s chair.
A light turned on above his head. John looked straight up, past the rim of his cap, the light sloshing over his face in the dark. He felt the muscles in his neck strain and move as he popped a bubble.
‘’You thought I was going to leave you.” John surmised quietly. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
John stands silently beside him as they ride up the elevator to the penthouse suite of an expensive looking apartment complex, the architecture all stainless steel and brushed metals and polished glass and so garishly and utterly
He won't tell John why.
"Then what happened?" A light voice asked with lilting, disinterested cadence.
“Tedious.”
“A bit, yeah.” Lestrade bites.
"See?" John said, breaking him out of his darkness. "That's why I know you're lying. You can't even stomach my
know I’m right. You will fight with him, or be separated, and he will come back to you because he wants to help you, because he
"What do you mean, if he's allowed?"
Something had been cut in the brawl. He whipped his head to face the source, teeth already lengthening within his mouth. Cadorin was holding a cloth to his head, where a light wound now bled freely into the fabric, soaking it through. He swallowed against the sudden sight, when a hand grabbed him roughly around the arm, leading him away—
John was working at a field hospital, that much was clear. But he hadn't seen much action. He had been—what was the term—benched? Deemed unfit, not ready for the real game?
"Yes, though waiting may not be the term I'd use."
"Why?" He asked quietly.
A heavy frustration wells up inside him, swollen with impatience, and, as is common with someone who can't convey what they feel, he lashes out.
John laughed, quite maniacally.
It’s frightening, to think this might be the last night they have. The last time he sees the moon or breathes in the cool air; his last sunset might have already passed him by and he didn’t even know it. Frightening, but damn it all it if it's not
“—Dehydrated, you stupid idiot…” John is saying.
As Sherlock went to his mate Mycroft collapsed to the floor, exhausted. He uncapped the canister that had rolled near him and took a long drink, watching as Sherlock took John into his arms, his bare hands sending their connection thrilling through them both. He looked away at such an intimate sight, pulling his phone from his pocket to dial his assistant.
“No,” John smiles, “We wouldn’t want that.”
Sherlock pauses for a moment, thinking. “I am a…vicious motivator. John has been especially
"Anyways," He felt his heart darken, the memory casting shade over it. "I don't know how long they went at it, but it must have been half an hour, maybe more. I tried to use some of the things the army taught me, mainly to avoid going into shock, but mostly just so I had something to focus on other than the pain. After the first ten minutes I couldn't feel any of it and I think they realised it, so they stopped…switched to the knife. Cut the IOU behind my ear, cut some other things too…my legs, the inside of my thighs—the outside too—but they were careful not to catch an artery, which I remember thinking was amusing at the time since I thought they were going to kill me at the end. I thought that right up until they cut me down and dumped me in someone's car. That whole ride I thought they were taking me to some godforsaken patch of earth with my grave dug in it. That whole ride I—" John cut off, his hand clenching and unclenching over Sherlock's shoulder. "I thought of you. Just you. I wanted you to be the last thing I thought of. It was nothing in particular, really, just whatever happened to come up that I could remember. You playing the violin or yelling at the crap telly or talking yourself into narcoleptic state after days of sleep deprivation…" John chuckled, and he meant it this time. "You know, for a doctor I never did you much good, did I?"
"Tell me you're really here."
He wakes.
we are turning in the circle of the sun
, but that didn't really matter because he knew if he did meet them he would be he usual awkwardly charming self and never say a word of what he'd done to anybody.
“You don’t think you matter, Sherlock.” John says softly, something inside him swollen with heavy sympathy. “You don’t think anyone cares about what happens to you. For thirty years, you’ve thought you’ve been alone.” He swallows, or tries to, but his throat is closing. “For thirty years, I’ve watched you. I’ve learned your heart, memorised it inside and out. I could point it out if I were blindfolded in the darkness and didn’t know which way was up. I’ve watched you destroy yourself and I’ve watched you build yourself back up. You think your heart is worth less than one that doesn’t even exist? Then you don’t know how precious yours is.” His voice quiets to a whisper. He can feel his eyes stinging. "
He feels himself grabbing items off the desk and throwing them wherever he cares to; stapler, loose paper, files of information, coffee mug inscribed with
He glanced over at their side table, the canteen and the two empty glasses. “She drank a lot of blood last night.”
"Well, speaking in technicalities, you are old. You're positively ancient."
He feels cymbals crash in his chest. He feels the shock of being utterly
All five of them.
He and Sherlock eat dinner together in the small, cosy dining room, next to a popping fire. John doesn't think he's ever had better food, and enjoys every bite, although he always feels guilty for the waste. He sits back, belly full, and marvels. Marvels that he knows what it's like to have a full stomach (which he knows will torture him when he's back in Sheol, starving again), that he's sitting across from Sherlock—who
he was given your location, why someone happened to order him to kill you? Why there was no retribution from his side when he failed to kill you and instead tried to flee? You say you want to die, that life is nothing without him, that you’re alone and no one cares, but how constantly you seem to forget that I have already lived that life before you, and I lived through it. Do you think in that moment I found Ben I didn’t want to join him? Do you think I rarely give you so much of a thought unless I happen to
"What do you mean?"
"I've never been religious, John." Sherlock said.
“I found the coffee.” John replies excitedly.
“Sherlock…are you sure you called him?”
"You are a man in uniform?" Mikheia said, an excited glint in his eyes as he sat down opposite John. John stilled for a moment, surprised by the interest but more than a little flattered. It didn't happen as often as he'd liked.
"But I knew all the others too. Why is she any different?"
It was of vital importance.
"'You Had Sex'."
"What?"
“I don’t understand.” Sherlock frowned, the whiplash turn in their conversation sending him reeling. “Are we still arguing?”
Sherlock sat beside him, barely moving the bed.
"Like a dog misses mange."
The room was empty, nothing but the sparse furniture and the dawning morning to fill it. There was no trace of John, not of his clothes or bags or anything.
“I’d thought as much.” Sherlock murmurs.
"I need to compare it to the sample from the woman's hand."
The figure stands and turns to him.
He was dreaming of gold hair that melted in his fingers. These days, it’s usually something to do with him; something that was his, or belonged to him. The other night he dreamt of bloodied cable knit jumpers, and the night before that he dreamt of a soft strong voice and the cold touch of fingers that all led to a stethoscope in place of a body, but he knew who it belonged to. There was only one answer to it, only ever one answer.
"She was curious and I like pillow talk."
"Tell me,
John squinted against the light; it seemed to drain his energy, made him tired, dried his eyes out.
were thrown in and then he had much more important things to focus on.
live through that three year hell of being away from you only to lose you now. Do you understand? John?"
Sherlock sat back down.
. I haven’t even been here long, and John, he was here for
The lobby was empty, dark. Two hallways branched either way at the back, with a large, thick metal door slathered in chipping blue paint dead ahead of him, the shadows of the machinery on the factory floor visible just behind it.
, talk to me, come on, are you alright?”
? Yes?”
Sherlock smiles and deposits John back on his bed.
"Cocaine." He says finally. "That's where she kept it."
“It attacked us!”
Sherlock's heart lurched, like something heavy had knocked into it and sent it off-course for a moment.
“I didn’t see you scrambling to help me either when you got out.” Azazel says as he arches an eyebrow. “By the way, it’s just been
Now newly alone, Sherlock turns his attention to the key in his hand. A deposit box, Mycroft had said. Even if any bank was open, he'd have to produce a court order to retrieve it. Or he could otherwise influence whatever mindless teller worked at the desk. He'd keep his options open.
“You died that night.” Sherlock answers, voice thick and uneven. He looks at John in one of the mirrors. “I saw you, and I knew it. I knew you’d died for me.”
"That's why I buried her." John said cheerfully, watching the dark water as it lapped its way to shore. Sherlock's head whipped towards him.
“Molly?” Sherlock intercedes, butting into the conversation with all the force and delicacy of a ballistic cow. “Who’s Molly?”
"John. What does he mean?"
He whipped around, the gown flaring behind him as he advanced on the table where the woman sat.
When he was 29 and had finally emerged out of a drugged seven year stupor that he liked to call Lost, he dreamed of heat and sweat and red-but-not-blood. Just red. He met Greg Lestrade four days later, walking in on him during a criminal investigation at a Tesco and saving him the time of figuring out the culprit before he directed him to the skip out back where a video surveillance tape was stashed, indicating a regular customer that liked to stop by at 2am and hold up the place.
He sits in John's chair. It still smells of him. It makes something in his stomach hurt. It sends tendrils of something like pain curling through him.
John is
.” He calls, giving the grove one last glance before pulling off his boots and stepping inside.
They stood there for a moment, forehead to forehead in a quiet hallway, savouring their moment of peace as a building burned to ash behind them, setting their shadows alight.
Then he had woken up to silence. That horrid quiet, so similar to the one that had lain between the coolling of the Earth and when man learned what name to call himself.
"Replenish your blood sugars."
John's ability to worm his way out of uncomfortable topics had always been a point of jealousy for him, because no matter the technique, no matter how he cultivated and worked at his disguises, his mannerisms, his studious attempts at personas and characters, his talent was no match for John's natural skill. His mate almost always saw right through him. Almost.
John might have been worried, but he knew the two, despite their stubbornness, were united in the singular cause of making Mycroft’s life as complicated as possible, through uncivil and subtle means alike; two siblings forever conspiring to undermine the favourite.
He finally realised why when, just as he reached the arch that lead to the café, John bolted in front of him, not even giving him a second glance.
“She took the car.”
"John, stop talking." Sherlock said tersely as he and Mikheia gently but quickly carried him to an empty bedroom down the hall.
A knock at the door. John hurried to pack away his chalice and canteen in their prim velvet box before going to open it.
“So she would have helped you, if you had asked her; if the time were right; if I wasn’t around.”
"Your mother and sister need you."
"You— you actually saw him with your own two eyes?"
"I'm sending screenshots of my suspected coordinates of Sebastian Moran's location to Mycroft and Lestrade."
The streets were often more empty than not, the bells of the basilica signalling the dinner hour. They were ghosts, ghosts because their world was one apart, separated by an inaccessible chasm and unavoidable fact. Perhaps that was their problem, that they had always been ghosts, and had never admitted it, never talked about it, never said a word. Those who weren’t could never know, would never believe them, and those who were, were never seen in the daytime. No—ghosts, ghouls, monsters—they were creatures of the night, a tale told to children to get them to stay in their beds. Their kind was realer; more than a shadow on the wall.
“I’ve done something to upset you.” He concluded. “Was it Moriarty?”
“Right. Well, you told me no. I couldn’t figure out why at first, but the more I thought about it, I came to the conclusion that you didn’t want to marry me because you saw yourself as a burden. I told you as much, although in hindsight it was a mistake to ask you again in the next breath.”
“No.” Greg agrees. “Not anymore.”
"Some more than others." Sherlock replied taciturnly.
"I…had a bad dream. A nightmare." He said quietly. He felt a sudden rush of embarrassment at the sheer immaturity of it all. Nightmares were for children. He couldn't just go cry to John because of a bunch of fabricated images from his subconscious. That didn't mean, however, that he didn't trust John to let himself cry to him.
Was he going to cry? No – but it had been years since he felt this, the crush, the totality of a weight he neither wanted to cast off or continue to endure.
He wants to do so many things in this one moment. He wants to hold John to him, to feel the pulse under his fingers and know he is safe, he wants to apologise for attacking him, for allowing his mind—
If only to have something to do while he thought, he took out his gun kit and began to dismantle his rifle. A fine sheen of ice had grown on it in the cold, and he wiped it down, flecking bits of congealed snow off to melt on the floor.
Sherlock fought the urge to roll his eyes and kept his mouth shut, packing the towel in John’s armpit.
The room settles into the content silence that good food and alcohol typically brings, the fire crackling in the hearth as Sasha gnaws on a grizzled piece of scrap at Georgiy’s feet.
They are running away from the sun, tripping over stone walls, and he’s falling in the air, down into the pulsing water. He feels himself smack the surface as it parts under his weight and he begins to sink.
"Until your life is in danger?"
Sherlock wanders in, eyes never leaving the biker as he rounds the table to sit beside John.
"I've changed my mind." Sherlock muttered absently, staring into nothing. "He has three years before his heart gives out completely."
"I doubt you can do that, Sherlock."
"Wrong." He repeated calmly. "You are wrong. Jim did not outsmart me. Obviously, since I'm alive—"
"And how exactly do you know that?"
A year in, he had taken one too many sleeping pills and awoken by a harsh slap in the face from a frantic Lestrade and a sobbing Mrs. Hudson. He hadn't understood their grief. He was John. Just John. Not Sherlock. He didn't deserve their worry or their pity. Why did they care for him, when he wasn't Sherlock? When Sherlock wasn't there to validate his usefulness?
They both speak at the same time.
“Maybe. Maybe one day you’ll turn around and he won’t be there.”
"Kindly
"Your friend will come for you and you can go home. We are not going to hurt you. You know this, yes?"
The fountains tinkle in the distance. He hadn’t noticed them before, when he’d made his mad dash here, through the night and silence. His mind had been elsewhere. Funny how that happened. The man whose job it was to notice things hadn’t seen the defining feature of London’s most famous garden. What else had he missed?
He thinks, before he passes out.
The lights turn on again.
Next chapter: A Fight in Kensington Gardens
“Sherlock, I told you—”
Moving.
True.
“Lovely alto.” A man mutters as he slides in next to Sherlock with little regard for polite space.
"Because I never want to hide the fact that I'm with you from anyone now that I have you, but also because sometimes parents like to know that their child has chosen someone who's good to them, who takes care of them. Parents do like it when they know their child is loved, or I hope they do."
There was no longer a
"Now? Now, it is a tourist site, but it is also government mandated. It is used for research, they tell us."
"Leo is for birthdays from July to August, if what Anderson said can be trusted, loathe I am to say it."
.” He calls out hoarsely, voice straining as John convulses once more in his arms. His sister comes forward in a rush of air, silent and present. “Do something.” He urges, as if his love is enough to stave off the inevitable.
"How smart of you. Astonishing that the thought even crossed your mind."
"Time of death is estimated to have been between midnight and 4 am. The cause was loss of blood from multiple stab wounds. She also had lesions on her upper arms and wrists, probably from whatever was binding her, the same as Ronette Pulaski." John steels himself for the next part; writing the report was hard enough, but it was one thing to write it down and quite another to say it out loud, to give it a voice and present it as fact.
Suddenly there is a puff of cool air on John's cheek and the hand drops from his face. His eyes fly open, giving him a wonderful view of Sherlock's back. His long fingers are rooted in his hair, grasping at the fine curls like a madman.
"Come on, then. Let's end this."
in his bloody men’s club? I don’t even think they have a radio in there—”
"Trains are late, sir. People are late. There are many things that could have waylaid him."
The two quieted, chastened.
"What happened?"
"You're right, John." Sherlock says quietly. "And you should savour hearing that because I don't say it often. But you're right. I didn't have it taken from me at St. Bart's. I lost it, yes, but I was not robbed of it like you were because I knew what I was giving away. So, you may be right, but you're also wrong. Would you like to know why?"
. Slay the beast. I know this world, I have been hurt by it as you have, and more than just the scars on our shoulders or the bullets inside us. Our being here is a hydra, a many-headed monster. We think we win, and we do not. We think everything is over, and the world still turns. You must fight this as you would anything else. You are not alone. You have me. And I am not alone, for I have you. A hydra surely cannot survive two swords in its neck at once, yes? And once we find Sherlock, we will have three, and your beast will be dead.”
He reconnected.
"Irene is your trigger point." Sherlock hummed. "It's only natural."
They are sitting in his den, Gladstone still curled on the old rug, keeping a wary eye on Mortimer, who sits on an old loveseat with a tattered woollen throw over the back. Sherlock paces before a fireplace, bricked with dark stone and covered in soot, a second glass of wine in his hands. Appearance's sake, and all that.
John freezes. No, it...it's just a coincidence, surely. That's all. Something Sherlock had picked up on the telly that day.
"And a good morning to you too." John muttered as they broke away.
"It's not going to clean itself." Sherlock said, peering at the stains like they had personally insulted him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You were going to coerce him?"
Sherlock doesn’t turn at the voice. He doesn’t need or feel the proclivity to. This water must be the only thing that sees his face.
"You said that Mycroft didn't stop them from taking me in Bruges until he realised I was no longer there, right?"
"I will answer John's question first, which will do me the favour of also answering yours." Artemisia answered, leading them down a series of steps, into the cool darkness. "The house is strong. I have merely added certain features which suit me, including renting half of my property to Leon for his inn."
"That doesn't matter, listen, I need you to stay inside, okay? Can you do that for me?"
He goes into the parlour, littered with things that are all yelling John’s name at him. His mug that he hadn’t washed out yet, his medical books, his magazines and war novels, objects that speak loudly of their owner’s character. A meticulous nature, honed by time in the army yet frayed by a more peaceful civilian lifestyle. An interest in war, a clean curiosity until it was experience first-hand when one finds that there is no romanticism in the sound of gunfire or screams of the dying. It is this interest, however, that makes him hopeful. John has survived many things. In the best outcome of the situation, this will be one that he can add to his list. Sherlock doesn’t want to think of the worst.
!” He called, barreling through the door into the cool night. “John, he’s not dead!
The man shrugged, taking a long drag without lifting his hands.
He had been assigned a businessman. Not something entirely uncommon, surely, but it was unexpected all the same. He'd never understand the jealous rivalries that boiled under the skin of the economical world.
After they drank, they lay together. Sherlock had always enjoyed sex after a feeding, and John wasn’t one to complain; if he was rougher than normal, if John’s head spun a little more, if he cried out a little louder, who was around to care? No one minded them but the moon.
Mikheia straightens up, looking around the frozen yard. He moves to pull on his discarded boot and head into the walnut groves, when he hears Georgiy call his name.
Sherlock smiled. “Are we...good?”
For a long moment after the clatter of the storage door being drawn up, Sherlock doesn’t speak.
"Ah. FBI." The man nods.
"There are other ways to hurt you." John said coldly.
"Yes." She answered hoarsely. "John, you'll be careful right? You know what you're dealing with?"
“Religious information has no use to me.”
." John added, as if his point wasn't clear.
When he wakes, he wakes alone. In the space between sleeping and sentience, when his mind shakes off his body’s stagnancy, he can imagine that John is there, sleeping beside him. He can pretend that the wadded up duvet that he’s clutching like a drowning man would a life raft is something else, something alive and warm and familiar. Something that will never leave.
"I think Alighieri had an active imagination. How can any of us know it's true?"
This someone follows him. He knows. He can feel it.
John was about to scoff and say 'Sherlock didn't
John nodded, chuckling at the truth of it, however depressing or optimistic it was. “I suppose it is.”
happy after that. I shot him again, and hit him above his left eye. I had to stare at him as he died—"
“Can I get you guys a drink or anything? I’m afraid it’s all domestic but it’s not too bad.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock hesitates before sending the next text. It's true though. He can't deny that John heard him admit certain things when he was still trapped in the fear that his doctor had been injured.
"You put a bullet in his skull and they'll surely put one in yours, won't they?"
He has John's gun.
“Some girl…Molly?”
"Oh, please, that was easy enough. Any school student with a chemistry set would know what it was."
Of course—
"Or bribe, or threaten. I would have gotten what I wanted out of him."
“Mary—Anthea—she tried to stop me.” Sherlock answers, opening his eyes to gaze at John, who looks just as real as he ever did. “She slowed me down. John, you have to know, you have to believe me, if I’d known what was going to happen—”
Now, sitting on the bus, Mikheia twitched in his seat.
“The median lethal dose of cocaine is about point two milligrams per kilo of body weight, and he had almost two in his system, so I guess whoever wanted to kill him wanted to be sure he’d be dead.”
"Hi Seb."
Mikheia had given him a sideways glance as he met him later that day, but said nothing. Sherlock liked the fact that he didn't talk unless necessary (or to get something out of him, which he didn't so much care for, but admired the tact with which he did it).
“Something Moriarty told me…he referred to him as a Khlyst and said he would be harder to kill than most assumed.”
"A good guess, but incorrect. I'm in the business of catching them. I don't need a badge, or a posse. I just need my mind, and my hands."
“No. No, Captain Watson. That’s barbarous, and we are in the first world now, not the desert. I’m just going to talk to you. Much more civilized, yes?”
Sherlock pressed his ear as hard as he could against the door, focusing down the small hallway to the den, where he heard John stop.
The doctor could feel his ears redden.
"Do you think we will survive this?" He asked, his words floating to the fireplace, to be caught in the grip of combustion, as if it might erase them as entirely as it did any other material.
Donovan moves to stand as if to diffuse the outburst she expects to be coming, but there is nothing. Sherlock stands as still as ever behind her, staring at Moran with…blankness. No anger, no disgust, no interest, no
“What? I’m just asking! A girl has a right to know about her brother’s well-being. Speaking of, do you have anything to eat? I’m
"I concur." Moran said, blood trickling into his smile as he pulled out his gun and fired a bullet into John Watson.
“Rakija.” He says, placing it on the table in front of John. “
"Now is not the time, John. I'm having a revelation."
"So kill me then." He says harshly, frothy blood spitting out of his mouth. "That's what you want, right? Why I'm here?"
“Nothing in particular. It’s been a while since you’ve had a woman.”
He hitched his rifle up, stowing his canteen away in his jacket, and continued onwards.
“There’s no other proof?”
"No you don't."
He knew better than to talk in the Diogenes Club. He learned his lesson on his first visit.
He hadn’t told John, hadn’t wanted to redirect their conversation, but he had felt something in the lab that night, crouched over, searching a mortar and pestle in the cramped, overladen quarters. It was an odd feeling, something he couldn’t identify. It had begun as a low burn in his stomach, not uncomfortable, but with edges threatening to catch, as if spurring him on towards some unknown conclusion. It was that feeling that had driven him upstairs, that feeling that dismissed Artemisia, that feeling which coerced him to finally ask the question neither of them had wanted answered, and that feeling that he now owed John’s renewed compliance. He had been overcome by the sense of doing something
Sherlock would be furious when he found out –
His mate paused as he slid out of his boots, unbuttoned the chemise. “Does that upset you, that I was here without telling you?”
Sherlock purses his lips. “No.”
Lestrade shares a glance with the lab assistant, who shrugs with a placating smile.
"Good luck, John."
He blinks.
The message was clear enough.
"We have heat." John answers simply. "That kind of fries your attention span. You don't really think about anything other than getting cooler."
It was a childish move; that was for sure. The sour look on Mycroft's face had not been unnoticed, as Mycroft well knew it would be. He knew his brother and therefore he knew the precise reason why he was being asked for such a silly favour. And so, with the words
“What…” Sherlock began, but left the end open, as if he didn’t know how to continue.
Mycroft turns to leave. His umbrella tapping against the stone.
?” He asked, the din of the hotel bar scattered in conversation and a rather raucous band of navy officers.
Through the end of his words, John can hear Sherlock frantically yelling at the paramedics, telling them to let him pass.
"It's 'stomach full of butterflies', but the idea of the Queen running around your digestive tract is far more amusing."
“But alas,” The man says, turning to where the light was shining, “your friend damaged my friend. What might we do about that?”
“Well, now that you mentioned it, John did fight a werewolf yesterday.” Sherlock says, taking a sip of coffee.
“Donovan?” He answers, listening to whatever the officer is saying on the other end. “You did? Wonderful. We’ll be here to meet you. Good work.”
“I did nothing I regret.” John answers solemnly. “He’s more than meat to me. He’s worth it. If we didn’t do anything but breathe and blink in one minute, it would be worth a thousand lifetimes of Sheol as long as he was there and he was mine in that moment. He will always be worth climbing out of that pit. We all have our reasons for wanting to get out. You’ve got yours, and he’s mine.”
Draw him away.
“Hello Greg!” John suddenly calls out, his eyes still on Sherlock’s.
Sherlock wakes to raised voices just outside his bedroom. He rolls over, reaching for a body that is no longer there, the sheets long-cold and empty. Groggily, he grabs his watch off the nightstand. Almost noon—a very indulgent lie in.
"John, calm down, you shouldn't be getting upset while you're working. You know that's not good for—"
Then John was clutching at Sherlock's sleeve, trying to pull him up and away.
"I...John."
“No. I’ll never really know, only hypothesise, which I learned long ago would never get me anywhere I wanted to be.”
"He won't give me a straight answer. One day is something. Tomorrow is different."
Moran's face twisted in anger and he banged the metal cabinets, sending a hollow sound through the kitchen that sounded like a gunshot.
"Was this—" He muttered into the concrete. "Was this what you gave me in the Kremlin?"
His first day was filled with sand and heat and uneventful routine.
"Experience is the name every one gives to their mistakes."
Mortimer groans as she pulls him out of the car. “Can I at least finish my tea—?”
"You think he kept it as a souvenir?"
, Felix Felixovich. I’m not your servant.”
Lestrade is ripping open a nicotine patch and slapping it on his arm beside its twin as Sherlock stands in the threshold.
“Ah!” The prince exclaimed. “Who is this paramour of yours, then? Someone I know?”
"Mikheia, you aren't that petty as to end a conversation because you don't care for its results. You know very well why I am leaving you here and it's not just because of that hole in your shoulder. It's because you will wait for that man to show up and when he does you will realise why I don't want you with us. You will see him and you will understand because he is dangerous, he is ruthless, and, unfortunately, he is efficient. He won't harm you, though. John and I would not abandon you to face him if we thought he would. He just wants me and John. He doesn't care for bystanders; they are useless to him. You are a bystander. You let a mad genius and his doctor run around you in circle for a few days and then you got dizzy enough to get yourself shot and that is all, do you understand?"
The grip on his hand tightened.
He turned back to her.
“This obice, does it have an adverse? Something opposite, something that could send you to a realm?”
Sherlock steps in front of a lorry as it speeds down Baker Street. John pulls him out of the way and chastises him for the rest of the day, something that Sherlock blissfully listens to.
“Well to quote a magnificent git, it’s a two patch problem.” Lestrade growls at him, shaking his hands through his hair.
Sherlock's voice washed water over the angry wound, cleaning it for the moment of spiked irritation and those barbed words that tasted like battery acid and left a bad taste in John's mouth.
"Bet you fancied yourself a right Nicholas Flamel. Ever ring up Dumbledore asking for tips?"
know?” John huffed.
Both the Devil and God had spoken to Zlata Branković that night, though in a language she didn't understand.
Well, Sherlock decides as he watches him, his heart is very
"You're a man who's doing the best with what he's been given, no matter the cost."
Now there is no running from it.
Thinner fingers wrapping around it, he lifts the bowl out and away, sweeping back to his room without a word, shutting the door just as softly as before.
Something thick and heavy slithers over the wooden floorboards with a hushed swiftness.
“Just trying to help.” John hummed, and though the images lessened, they didn’t disappear, receding into an even flow in the back of his mind, washing at the edges. “Can you know for sure that these people would become what you think they would? Did you know them?”
I want to lie still near you, I want to"
John couldn't help it. He was suspicious. Maybe it was Sherlock's history of thinly veiled lies or excuses or his track record of just what he said he'd do and what he actually did.
"It was nice. It was an acceptable biscuit."
Speaking of, where was he?
It was an odd thing to describe, but to John it always felt like the ocean. If he wanted to go deeper into the feeling that engulfed him, he could, and he would find things there if he wanted to find them; Sherlock could do the same. The sensation that they shared was multi-faceted, endless, technicolor, vibrating at every frequency and then some.
“Is sororicide still in fashion?”
Sherlock scoffs.
"Yes, you do."
“I’m sorry for your loss.” Mycroft consoles and Sherlock thinks he almost sounds sincere. Almost. “Did she leave anything behind? Anything to indicate where she was going? I urge you to be as honest as possible, as NATO does tend to frown upon fraudulence.”
“I—you know, since the car park, some days, when I feel very…dark, my black moods—and maybe it’s from my injury, maybe it’s some kind of PTSD recurrence, I couldn’t bloody care why, because it doesn’t change the fact that it happens— I feel…empty. I feel like I’ve failed everyone, you, Georgiy, Sherlock, my friends back home, everyone I’ve ever met. I feel like I’m a burden. A disappointment. And…I think, maybe some people would have been better off without that.”
“What—posh git like you, I’m betting all you had to do was ask Mycroft and you got a blank cheque to do whatever you needed to—”
She paused to sip from the shining chalice, the dual reflection of her audience warped into shadows in the silver. "You went your own ways. I went to Siberia. Irkutsk was quite lively, and full of exiles. I joined them. I found the khylsts, or maybe they found me. They’re quite good at making circumstance seem like fate."
"So do I." He said, letting his head fall against Sherlock's. "So do I."
"Everything. I want to see everything."
Moran smiles up at Lestrade over his cheap cup of tea.
"Right, how about I make you some toast and then see where you go from there—"
He tastes concern, cold rain and fresh copper and rust, flowing into fear, crude oil and chipped ice, and the hot asphalt of rage.
“I’m sorry I didn’t come in today.” Molly says finally, quietly, to the room, her voice magnified by the stillness of the hour.
“I don’t know.” She says meekly, in a tone he’s never heard from her. The tone of the long-suffering watching another episode and feeling a pervading sadness worse than the offending grief. The tone of someone watching someone they love die, and being used to it.
He slept.
“How can I kill him?”
“It’d be nice if I could see it.” John croaks, his voice hoarse from sleep.
Sherlock drew away as John heard his coat hit the floor, his cheeks visibly flushed in the darkness as he stared down, his head resting on John's.
"NO! No, John, I can't, I
"I'm wearing socks, John. My feet are fine."
“I should have asked for a larger wedding ring, then.”
, they're that way for a reason, and it's only a matter of time before John's tied up in some hidden sex dungeon in her basement waiting for Sherlock to save him before she gets the ticklers out.
. John breathed a heavy sigh at finding the thumb, he burned his hand on the stove and later slightly tore the wrist of his jumper, all things that would make him briefly, mildly irritated, but nothing that would cause him to leave in such a hurry. After dinner he had done some paperwork then he started his book then Moriarty called and—
"Fine," John wheezed, "I'm fine. One of them elbowed me in the stomach before I managed to send a bullet at him. Just…" A deep, rasping breath. "Just give me a minute."
Regrets which glide through the spirit’s gloom,
Sherlock smiles and John feels like a deer under a wolf's stare, exposed and hunted.
“To beginnings.”
"In terms of black and white, you betrayed an ally. That is treachery. In colourful terms, this treachery also saved me my life and Mr. Holmes' as well. I owe you a rather large debt."
There was a note on the bedside table.
They knew where he was now. The alarm had been sounded or whatever they used to alert the staff of the facility.
Harry’s eyes glinted. “Can I see where you keep it?”
Lestrade starts forward at her outburst, taking her right hand in his. "Ronnie? Ronnette? Can you hear me?"
, in fact. One of the reasons, if I recall correctly, that drew you to him in the first place.”
“You think you might have waited for me to give instructions first?” John growls, holding his arm to his chest with his elbow bent out like an L. “I am a doctor for god’s sake! For all you know you could have made it worse—”
John smiled.
“No—you…you couldn’t have done it that night. You said Billy gave you the bullet. You didn’t have it before.”
How did he get here?
It's because she's pretty and laughs at his jokes. Sherlock is capable of both those things; why isn't he enough then?
Sherlock's day was not progressing as he'd hoped.
(a record to which he denies to this day that he’d gotten high to at university) and the Battersea Power Station, he realised, with a clarity that was so late it was borderline embarrassing, what shite his day had yet to go through and why exactly he’d been taken from the Yard.
He stares at her in blank silence.
"You don't, do you? Whatever's left of it, then." John stepped closer. "I know you. I know this," he said, raising a hand to wrap around Sherlock's neck, his thumb brushing over his throat. "I know you're afraid of losing it. Irene has been more than enough proof of what the aftermath looks like. If I die, and there's no coming back, I cannot order you not to follow me. I wouldn't be in any state to make orders after that, regardless. But I want you to live, as long as you can stand it."
“It’s over.”
The agency had tested him.
Then — in my childhood — in the dawn
, John. There’s no reason in any of it. Why should I participate in this giant dung heap hurtling through space? Why should I involve myself in a world that cares nothing for you or me but what it can get out of us?”
"And why would
“Tell Jim he can’t have him.”
“I don’t know. I only spoke with him for a moment.”
“Yes.”
“Sherlock.” He corrects reflexively.
“No. Mycroft had to calm down that poor landlady of yours, though. Said she told him she saw a man try to break into your flat.”
"Well all you had to do was say so."
Mycroft shot him a sharp look. “And yet you waited before calling.”
He should have known John would have been prepared, would not have walked into a situation that might be fatal and not have a back-up plan. Where Sherlock was instant, John was patient. Where Sherlock was logical, John was practical.
He stands with his back to them, staring at stone. Twin snakes intertwine into handles few would ever use to lift the great stone vase they support. Four blank eyes stare out at him, and he stares back. There is an odd feeling coursing through his body, pooling in places one never notices until it makes itself known. The curve of his ankles, the base of his spine, in each knuckle, behind his ears, gathering in his sternum, roiling through his temples. It's a faintly ringing klaxon, like he's stuck his whole body in an electrical socket and with each moment that passes it is if he has only just pulled away, his muscles stiff with the anticipation of defence.
me to do,” He swings his legs over the edge of the bed and stands, advancing on his brother. “You didn’t live with him, you didn’t love him,
"Veliky Novgorod." John muttered. He looked at the corpse. "At least you're useful."
Sherlock hadn’t been able to wait for his fangs to ascend – he’d leapt on him, carrying John outside and up the stairs before he’d even had a chance to put his glass down. His bedroom upstairs was dark, but John had taken the opportunity to open the curtains, spilling moonlight into the room as he lay back on the soft pillows. Sherlock had stood at the foot of the bed for a moment, naked, staring at him. If he’d been a younger man, human even, he’d have covered himself up, but there was no need between them for that. They had always known each other, from the very first.
“I thought you made it a habit not to repeat yourself.”
"I know, but in order for me to properly redeem myself in your eyes I have to rectify any past errs I've made, and I have to start somewhere." Another drag, like it was a lifeline. "To which lie are you referring?" He repeated.
Soft snow glitters through the frosted windows as the rustic scenery passes by, the blinding glare shimmering against the whitewashed walls and glass windows of the cabins. Sherlock stands at the end of the hall, staring out into the blank canvas of wilderness as the cracked window spills cool air into the hall. An unlit cigarette dangles between his lips, of which he doesn’t seem to have any intention of lighting as Mycroft steps towards him.
"Sherlock?" Lestrade asks and he turns back. "You were saying something?"
“Just as well.” Moran shrugs before he gestures to the gun. “I understand the pistol, but what in God’s name are you gonna do with that?” He asks, nodding towards the wrench. “Help me fix my plumbing?”
He could do nothing but stare at this Not-John that said all the things His John wouldn't and he could feel nothing but conceited disappointment because
He saw a flash of dark scar, kissing the man's left shoulder blade.
He hears a weary sigh, followed by a disembodied voice in the darkness. “I knew it couldn’t have been that easy...picked that up from Holmes, I bet. Jesus, what a fucking waste of bullets…”
"Sherlock?" He calls out.
"Sure. Lots of people are fascinated with death. It's a very human thing, speculating your mortality."
Sherlock Holmes doesn't feel it like he used to, when it gnawed at his bones and drove him inside to warmer places. Not much feels warm anymore.
Irene nodded, toying distractedly with the rim of her glass. “He was right where you left him. In the cold and dark.”
He ran with Gladstone until his shoulder began to ache. It was easy to pretend it was from handling the reins of a rough horse, but Gladstone was both too long broken-in and too short of temper, and he himself was too well-trained to handle even the meanest horse for that to be the true cause. No, that wasn't it. Wearily, he made to turn back. Back to civilization, the world, which continued to drain all it could from the earth and everyone else.
Good, he got Mary. At least she might answer his question.
Sherlock didn't answer. And in that terrible silence dawned a more terrible truth that sank like ice in John's gut.
Pink. What was it he said about pink? And what did John have to understand about it? Because he most certainly didn't.
"Well, to be perfectly honest, I came here to scare you."
Someone is smoking. Secondhand smoke is nearly as fatal as if you’re actually smoking it (he sometimes wonders if this is the real reason that Sherlock really quit, not for his health but for John’s). He doesn’t think that this driver deserves to know that fact though; wherever they’re taking him, he’s certain it’s nowhere he wants to be.
John stares into nothing for a moment, his brow furrowing.
"Is there a vacancy tonight?" The boy asked, moving his watch over the hospital band as if it were about to give away some large secret.
"I did." John sighed. "I do." He ran a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry."
Of course, years, over a decade later, someone did have to engrave a headstone with his name, and there’d been nothing humorous about it to Lestrade then. Quite the opposite.
“I don’t want to forget him.” Sherlock says, and his eyes are growing red and wet. “I can’t, Mycroft. I can’t.”
"I do not think so."
“But they did, and that included you.” Sherlock’s eyes brighten like a bloodhound catching a scent. “You were seeing Rachel behind her boyfriend’s back—that quarterback you punched tonight. That’s why you fought. He found out you were seeing her.”
"If I leave," Sherlock turned around and Mycroft stared in disbelief at the expression he saw. "Will you abandon him? Or will you watch over him, play Big Brother, and not let him out of your sight?"
Sherlock suppressed the urge to roll his eyes.
"My mistake."
It will break apart soon if John can't mend it. He can feel it, he felt it when he was drunk and yelling because he hadn't known what else to do to stop it.
“I’ve heard that, too.” John said with a raised eyebrow, but Felix let the topic fall away, changing the subject as they turned onto the third floor.
"I hope that's a reflection on my character and not my appearance." A voice behind them says as Lestrade comes to sit down at their table.
me do anything." Hope protested, pride hurt at the insinuation. Sherlock smiled, as if it confirmed some point still only known to him.
Nothing mattered. He owed nothing to the void, which stretched on in the windowless cellars and dens. It was a mindless, thoughtless existence and he couldn’t stop the smile that came to his face because it felt like he was in love, weightless in its warmth and deep water. Yes, he was in love, in love with John, he had always been in love with John. She was nothing, nothing, a miscalculation, a minor distraction please John believe me, believe me, love you I love you—
, Harry –” John started, watching her head fall back to the chair in bliss, fangs extending at the taste.
"Good." She smiles. "Now let's go get my fucking brother back."
"Sherlock—" John groaned, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "I don't think you can play the victim in this situation."
He trailed off, letting the heavy silence back into the room. Sherlock stared down at John, at that pale, relaxed face that looked so haunted in certain light but was peaceful under the moon.
"Yes, I do." John answers calmly. "I also know what's been bothering you all day. So come on."
"Sherlock, you cannot—you cannot just
"Riddle me this, then, genius." John said, licking his lips as he leaned in closer. "How does a man shoot himself out of a noose with an empty gun?"
Mikheia could never know how he had felt then, as John was dragged away from his body.
“Where is he, Mycroft?”
“Well, we went on a drive yesterday…” John offered.
"But—wait. This doesn't make any sense…why would Emma murder these people? They hadn't done anything to her. And how the hell did you find her brother?"
“Most certainly to me. Even with his meager surprises I can’t manage a pinch of excitement for him. Would love to hear him scream, though. Or even better – I’d love to see him in war. That’s his natural habitat, wouldn’t you say? I’d love to watch him fight a losing battle. That would be magnificent.”
"If the word gets out that there will be more of these, the public will go into a panic." Lestrade says grimly.
He flings the door open and it bangs against the wall.
"I was never in danger in the Kremlin, John."
“You know you could have saved me.”
The overhead licks flicker on and off as Sherlock leans over the body of Rachel Wilson, laid out on the metallic coroner's slab in the bowels of the morgue.
John exhales deeply, a still and somber expression falling over his face, the one that Sherlock hates seeing because it means he's made up his mind and decided to be the hero, alone.
He switched to French so if they were overheard they might not be understood.
The boy gaped.
His observations offered no comfort.
In his little chamber, he could feel his lungs burning, the bronchi within shrivelling from oxygen deprivation. He could hear his heart pounding and he wondered just how long he'd have to stay under for it to stop completely.
"And me?" Mikheia asked quietly. "What do I have to lose?"
Sherlock blinked.
If he looked objectively, it was because Mikheia reminded him of John. Loyal. Brave, and wounded because of it. Far kinder than he was, and far shorter too (though who wasn't?). Admired his genius in ways that others didn't, in a way that wasn't fearful or jealous but…
The wheels of the cart click on the floor as John wheels it through the halls. Sherlock's still asleep, or was when he left. John had felt his chest tighten as he looked down at him, swathed in cream sheets, his pale skin peeking out. He'd decided to make him breakfast in bed. Sherlock would scoff about the sentiment of it all, but hey, at least he didn't have to get up. And sex always made him more pliant than usual. God knows they'd been doing it enough. Sherlock had poured his initial frustration—"no logs, no journals, a handful of cameras, all evidence wiped, who runs this place,
“What is a cynic?” John replies solemnly, glancing into the fire. “He’s only a man that knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.”
"Your village idiot said it's the zodiac sign for Leo, but I'm unfamiliar with the topic as personally I've never put much stock in weekly horoscopes telling me to believe in myself."
"Rachel Wilson."
Leave? Now? This is like a low-budget horror movie come to life. The angel versus the werewolf. He can't just leave—
John doesn’t answer and Sherlock leans up to look at him. He’s staring blankly at the floor, but Sherlock knows he’s heard him. It would be impossible not to.
He blinked, letting the image burn behind his eyes, coming up with a half-dozen reasons for why it couldn't possibly be true.
Mycroft and Lestrade turn to look at the new arrival. His brother's brow raises, but he says nothing. The news must be bad, then, for him to pass on the offer of such low-hanging commentary.
“Speaking of,” the lawyer said, turning to Felix, “are you certain they can be trusted? I have a hard time believing that anything occurring under your roof will remain a secret between the five of us.”
"Pleasure." Sherlock says, holding out his hand stiffly.
"Sh—Sher…lock."
"I can assure you, John, you most assuredly have all three. And I am indeed a native son, from many different roads, all leading back to the lawless, godforsaken land of Texas."
"Yes. I would want to know why."
“You bought the ticket, John. You wrote it just in case you went through with the damn thing. Show me.”
His heart had not pounded out of fear or excitement or some emotion that he had learned to compress and compartmentalize for later. His heart had pounded because seeing that shadow had broken all logic. It was so
. Sherlock would survive, he would thrive from the knowledge that John was still John, in a somewhere he’d never touch or see.
One moment they were standing side by side in the lift, in their still silence as they rode upwards, and then, as the doors opened as the elevator jumped to a stop, Sherlock looked at John like he had made up his mind about something, grabbed the curve of John's jaw and pulled him into one of the most beautiful kisses of either of their lives.
me join him' but then he thought better on it. Sherlock had indeed
A thin yellow powder lines the red edges of the burn, hovering over the careful lettering '
The floors trembled as the next train arrived, and he smiled as he brought his bare hands up to touch his husband’s heart.
"I threw myself off a building to spare his life and subsequently destroyed him."
Sherlock didn’t think – he reacted, snatching one of the knives on the counter from its holder, appearing behind the couch in the next instant, burying it to the hilt at the hollow of Billy’s neck as the new vampire pawed weakly at his arm. It wouldn’t kill him outright, but the silver would poison him slowly, keep him immobile. He snatched the gun from his hand and tossed it down the hall, though it was useless now.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before straightening up.
“He likes to watch you when you read. Can’t say if he still enjoys it once he saw your…choice of reading material.” She adds, nudging aside a guide on the vivisection of sparrows.
. He stumbles out of the covers, feet twisting in the duvet in his mad escape and sending him crashing to the floor.
“We’re always going in circles, aren’t we?”
John watched at him for a moment, eyes passing over the detective, over his dishevelled clothing that he hadn't slept in but still wore from yesterday, then back to his face.
John gives him a lingering, suspicious look before he goes downstairs, but it's true. All of his lab equipment is still intact—technically—so he had no need to order anything that he couldn't just take from Bart's.
Sherlock paused. He wanted to say something, but didn't know how to go about it.
"John…" Sherlock muttered against his kisses as John tilted his head back to look at him.
“He’s a pawn, darling.” Moriarty sighed. “He can’t go backwards. You’ll never have him back the way you did before.”
--//--
"In a way." Sherlock intones dully.
"I almost forgot what that looked like."
A long exhale, a sigh, as Jim imagined the scene unfolding in front of him.
“No,” Sherlock answered, shaking his head. “This is a...a phase, it’s temporary—”
Mycroft slides the compartment door open and politely waits for an elderly couple to pass by before he steps into the narrow hallway. Cigarette smoke lingers around the ceiling lights like moths to flame, the sweet warm smell of clove and tobacco lingering around the smoking passengers.
Ray: Yes, father. Not out of anger. Not out of nothing. For money.
"Are you…threatening me?"
don’t need it for an ostium. I, however, have never tried it.” She says, taking a swig, her grimace at the taste settling into a satisfied smile. “Oh, well, that’s just lovely.”
“I will not allow it.” Sherlock had said, pacing around the room of the small apartment above the train station, rented just that morning.
“Don’t look like that.” Sherlock says and he can hear the plea in his voice. He scrambles over the floor to kneel in front of John—a cautious but reasonable distance—John, whose eyes are cast away from him to the wall like he’s not even there…John doesn’t want him near him, or here at all. “Please, John, please don’t look like that. I’ve never said I love you, and I should have.”
He waits in supreme agitation for John to text back and when he hears the
He sat down beside her, watching as Orso meandered among the prone bodies, still dressed in his ridiculous fool's costume. There was something more than the eyes that bothered him, something deeply unsettling, but he hadn't identified it just yet.
"I'd explain to you what state of mind I'm in right now, but I think you've already deduced that, haven't you?" John asked, rubbing at his eyes, before looking at Sherlock and gesturing. "Well, go on then."
“You can be so charming, you know, when you want to be.”
"I thought you were going to shoot me. And I would have let you. I still would. I deserve it."
“Who?”
"John, what are you doing—?"
“Hell, Jelen,” Sherlock begins sitting down across from him, “is what we make of our situations.”
John stared at him a moment and sighed, looking all around the room as if anything there could offer distraction.
. I can find you. I will find you.”
“It’s an excellent means of camouflage; the yellower they are, the better they blend with the forest floor, and the more it gives off a toxic message to predators.”
Gloved hand raised, he grasped the large heavy knocker and let it fall against the door.
Sherlock hated her. He hated that John had been saddled with such a loathsome burden, simply by fact of having the same sire. Harry was a child, young as a vampire and immature as a person. She had begged to be turned, and Sherlock suspected that that was the heart of the conflict between brother and sister. John resented the fact that his humanity had been stolen by the same being who willing gave the gift out as if it was out of generosity, whereas Harry saw him as being a cold fish, a downer, someone who’s self-control was mistaken for prudishness.
Kita Seong-Eun may not have been the same kin as The Woman, yes, but he easily recognised they were of the same breed.
Lying on the sofa, bare feet dangling off the edges, I feed myself coldness. Three years of it, every day, like clockwork, like a pill I’m supposed to take. A pill every morning to forget, to not feel as much as I did, to be what I used to be, to become a machine. It’s cold in the den. I can feel it seep into my bones, encased as they are, perfectly preserved in my high salinity life.
"Hate to break the news to you, but people don't really work that way."
John's cut off as Sherlock grabs his shirt and smashes their lips together. They move in tandem for a moment, each pulling as the other pushes, and the next kiss sings with electricity as they connect, open-mouthed and hot and slow.
"Think nothing of it, love." She looked at her watch. "I think it's about time to interrupt them, don't you?"
"Enough sass out of you. They'll send you the instructions."
, no less, for the man who is responsible for John’s—”
He stared out of the window at the dark landscape passing before him, obscured by the light of the dining car he was in. He must have fallen asleep there after dinner, and if the waiter hadn't woken him, he probably would have stayed that way until Klaipeda.
Mycroft shuts his eyes. He had been warned of such activities, but there’s a distance about being told of destruction that seems so small upon seeing it first-hand.
"Angels fall to earth
“It’s true, though.”
"Well, we've got time now. So I think you can start."
"Breathing?" Sherlock echoes, kneeling beside her. "He doesn't
Mortimer stares at him for a moment and before the grin comes Sherlock is quite sure he came close to being kicked out of the house.
“No, I mean he can’t hurt me because if he sends you away first, if he does away with you or whatever you think he might do, I’ll off myself before he can start.”
He had been foolish to assume that he was safe in his house.
“Jesus Christ…” Lestrade murmurs. He doesn’t bother to kill the engine, leaving the lights flashing as he climbs out of the car.
He'd never know. John wasn't around to ask.
“No, I can’t say you’ve ever met. They’re…quite private.”
“That donut didn’t do anything to jog your memory? How unfortunate.”
"Utterly disheartening." Sherlock said, his eyes flicking to the man across from him. He and John had the same colour hair, a vague ash-blonde, it was even cut rather similarly—
Her chest has been sawed open, an empty red space in the cavity where her heart should be. Sherlock sympathises.
He sprang up from the bed, completely naked as the day he was born, and snatched up his clothes from their various pools on the floor, knocking something off the bedside table as he moved. He looked down. Lube. So last night had certainly happened. He let the memories coalesce.
“I—what?”
do instead.
"Oh Yes" – Charles Bukowski
Mikheia moves around him, setting the tray at his feet as he sits across from him, uncovering it to reveal a loaf of bread and two bowls of stew.
; John remembered hearing that in London in the original run. The way they felt about each other did not change, although its intensity may waver.
When a human was turned, the change could take hours, or even days. His had been merciful; he had transformed in thirty minutes flat. John’s had not – seven hours, writhing, dying, alone in the hot sand. No matter the length, it left its subject abject and bereft, single-mindedly focused on the consumption of live blood, and the feeling never really went away, even if they controlled it completely.
, wonderful. You
they even have the arrogance to traipse around this flat as if it were theirs, what gave them the right to—to—
a liability to you."
"I'm right here. I'm right here. I'm—"
No, of course he isn't, he isn't like that, he's not—
The night’s bruised cheeks were fading into a rosy blush as the sun rounded the pocket of Earth that London had nestled itself into centuries ago. An ancient grandfather clock ticked in a cluttered sitting room through the silent hush the morning holds before the seal is broken and people wake from their muddied dreams of things, of fleeting happiness, of night terrors and ghosts that are blinked away with consciousness.
John could hear the bells chime another hour. They shouldn’t be arguing like this, out in the snow where anyone could hear.
“I don’t like Bern.” He says into the quiet street, breath steaming in the air.
Moran's timing was so dreadfully
"I am sorry, I tried not to hit too hard." Mikheia said, dropping to his knees beside John, holding each of his shoulders under his palms.
“I’m his protector—”
Blindly, he grabbed the scarf and pulled, the way he used to lift the alley cats by the scruff of their neck. The material unwound in his hands, and his attacker let out a pained hiss as he dislodged himself from his neck, sending a fresh wash of blood down his shirt. In the chaos of the rocking boat, he could smell the unmistakable scent of smoke, burning flesh, almost like rancid pork.
"It's not?"
the time (even after chastisement from Sherlock). Loved him for his good qualities, for his ability as a conductor, for his calmness and patience, for his boring ideas of Saturday nights, for the way he left his socks lying about, for his bravery, for his loyalty, for
"You Holmes' may be strangers to the world, but I am not made from this earth. I can see you, for what you are, no matter what you claim to be."
"Are you ever going to answer any of our questions directly?" Lestrade growls.
“Why did he bother summoning all his bloated ubiquity if he comes to
, but—war came. I did not love any who died, but I was sad. All the times, I was sad. My country ate itself, for what? The war, we who survived it, survived together. We will this one too.”
“What if I just wanted to do that, talk? What if I just wanted to prove the power I have over you? It’s what, about 3:30 in the morning? You should be asleep in your bed—or John’s, because you like the
"What are you called now?"
“That wasn’t an answer.”
She bites her lip, concentrating on the task at hand.
"As I'm sure you know, John, there are other ways than war to break a man."
He doesn’t look back.
Lestrade frowns.
—"My colleague be employed by an international assassination agency? Did he think it was in my best interest not to let me know that he was murdering people because it helped him process my death? Did Mycroft think it was protecting, letting him be drugged into reliance on a seizure medication he didn't need? By letting him be tortured? By letting him—letting him—"
“Sherlock?”
The pervading scent is one of death, of decay and deterioration, like the walls have been coated in a paste of lukewarm waste and pungent sweat and old, damp dirt that's spent an eternity soaking in its own juices, revelling in its squalid degeneration.
“Of course you were wrong,” Sherlock snapped, “and you knew that,
He wants to fall to his knees and praise him endlessly because…because it might be true. John might be alive.
"Shut up!" He yells at Moriarty, who stands just in the corner of his eyes. "Shut
“Dead? I can assure you, Mr Holmes, that angels, even Nephilim, do not die. Not in their realm, and certainly not in ours.”
"Do my crying underwater,
John managed a non-committal grumble. The light was muted with his eyes shut.
“Sherlock…” Mycroft begins, but his brother sweeps past him without a word, wrinkled robe billowing outwards, as he digs through the cabinets below the sink, rifling through a mess neither of the other men has the fortitude to look at.
“Yes, well, it doesn’t have my brother’s paws all over it, and you can be quite determined when you decide to be.”
Tears for the unfair loveliness of their lives.
"Bye Mary."
5291142518
"John?" He smiled. "John, I—"
“May I?” John asked, motioning to his gloves.
"Here we are." John agreed.
For once, all thought in the mind of the great Sherlock Holmes ceased.
"Løgneren! Tyven!" Hanne shouted at John, as if gesturing wildly would help him understand Norwegian.
the next time.”
He crossed to the ensuite bathroom, one of his team opening the door for him. The overwhelming smell of old, spoilt blood hit him and he pulled a handkerchief from his pocket, covering his nose. His teeth poked at his bottom lip.
"Nachash."
“A theologist, and a demon hunter.”
"Essence of nightshade." Sherlock said glibly, toying with the little brown bottle, the light flickering over his face as he watched Hope over the oil lamp. "Mix it with enough liquor and a man can't even taste it. I'd say you've got ten minutes left."
around here?”
“Sir, do you recommend sutures or stitches?” Mikheia asks, dropping a tiny blood-coated piece of debris into a bowl of clear water tinted a light red.
Lestrade runs a hand through his hair, breathing in a deep breath as John hands him a fresh cup of coffee. What a fucking night.
"I like thinking of the possibility of you. You're my diamond in space."
In a month's time, the burned man will tell her his real name and she will know that she loves him like the heroine does in stories, unconditional and all-consuming and it is dangerous and full and bright. She loves him because his name is his story is his soul and it is all too perfect to be real but he is.
John swipes his card and opens the door. The room is still, save for the castle of Prague looming in the window, outlined in the soft glow of darkening evening. Mycroft’s compensation for a job well done was recuperation in a five star spa that neither of them wanted. Some stains were stuck in the skin so deep that warm baths couldn’t wash it out.
"Where is the nearest canal?"
Mary, wonderful Mary. If only she had come along earlier.
"Death makes them look smaller. They didn't tell about his eyes. Perhaps they didn't know. All their other attempts had failed at one point or another."
"Irene." She smiles. "My name is Irene."
I didn’t—
"I wouldn't say that. Everyone's stoppable in one way or another. You've just got to find the weak spot in the wall."
“No, Sherlock,” Lestrade slams the drawer of his desk shut. “He hasn’t said
Sherlock waits a moment before striking, allowing the man to turn the sink on and off. He keeps track of every movement the man makes; he is, after all, not one to ignore his own advice.
"Where's her heart?" He asks, loud enough for Lestrade to know he's being addressed.
, or I will regret not unleashing you on him." Lestrade keeps his eyes on Moran. "I have better people to do that."
Moriarty tutted. “Oh, Sherlock. Didn’t anyone tell you it was rude to take my last player before I resigned? You’re rather a sore winner, aren’t you?”
“Then I wasn’t doing what you think I was.”
"Red Arrows (John)" - Gem Club
All his fault.
Priest: Who did you murder for money, Raymond?
"I care for him, yes."
“Really? Your sister might have some qualms with that, and your father too. You are his only son after all and, let’s face it, your sister was never much of a prize, was she? You’re the golden boy, apple of Mummy’s eye—well, while she was alive…top percentile in your class at Bart’s, a decorated army Captain, now a confirmed bachelor with and a bad leg and a flighty, unreliable flatmate. Quite the life, eh?”
The room fell out of focus for a moment, blurred and smudged in the centre of his vision.
When he woke, he found himself in that same modestly accommodating hotel room overlooking the Reie River that wove through Bruges like a swirling artery.
Mycroft remains tight lipped, his face lined with distaste. Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he begins to catalogue every detail about him—his posture, the creases of his mouth, the curve of his brow—and begins to draw information from their roots. The corners of his lips spelled out disappointment—the cause of death was never fully resolved, and it had left Mycroft bitter—and the softness of his procerus suggested remembrance—whether it was fond or not, it meant this man had stuck with Mycroft for a while, so their relationship was important, and seeing as Mycroft had only ever had enough time for a relationship was outside of his job, it occurred during university. So a meaningful relationship between young adults that ended in disappointment and lingering memories, coupled with the fact that Mycroft considered it a loss, something he couldn’t ever get back—
John watched him go into a little in-and-out café and take a seat across from someone.
“I did.”
“Correct.”
buildings."
“What—what
His heart dropped.
"Christ, what monster have I created?" John asked and Sherlock grinned.
“I’m not sure yet.”
Then he hears it. Soft, like fabric brushing against itself, but coarse, like sand rubbing against your palm.
The lights turn off, and John wants to cry in relief. His mind is so overwhelmed, so awash with feeling, that his head is shaking, tremors running up and down his spine. He shuts his eyes, but the light follows, swimming in his line of sight no matter how much he wills it away.
As he tries to lift John from underneath his shoulders John suddenly begins to thrash.
She raises an eyebrow, looks down, and the lock pops up as the door opens on its own.
Sherlock watched and
"My God…" Lestrade steps back, a hand over his mouth. Behind them, Henry bursts into loud tears as he raises the forensics camera.
"Mycroft…?" John breathed.
"You're ruining the experiment!" The man hissed as John began to climb up. "An unaccounted variable is absolutely disastrous—"
"You told me you didn't know how long you'd be here. When I awoke, I thought—briefly—that your time had expired." Sherlock sniffs, turning his eyes from John. "I wasn't ready. Didn't want it to be over. I remember thinking how unfair it was."
John only had one foot in the door by the time Sherlock had managed to wrap all of his conclusions about John's night up in a neat package.
Mikheia had been remarkably upbeat about the whole event, despite having a hole punched in his shoulder, despite blacking out from the pain right as Mycroft's helicopter landed on the front lawn (John hadn't missed Sherlock's eye roll), despite the hour long helicopter ride to Berlin, and despite being on three different kind of antibiotic-painkiller cocktails. Maybe that was what made him so happy…
The feathers at the top of John's wings prickle outwards instinctively like the fur on the back of a dog's neck.
John knew Moran was waiting inside for him. To kill him. Why else would he take Sherlock but to bait John in by threatening his safety? They were going to kill him, maybe even in front of Sherlock, which was the icing on Moran's fucking cake. But, if it saved his life, John would die a thousand deaths.
He should've predicted Sherlock's next eye roll.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before he reached his hand out and ghosted his fingers over the scarring
“I was angry.”
“Yeah, d’you have anything on that?”
Mikheia paced behind Sherlock, scratching at his collar.
— Ernest Hemingway
these things? Honestly…”
“Cruets have
Mycroft does not approve of John.
Now that Lestrade and Mycroft have left, all the background noise followed, and it is as if John is still asleep. Sherlock wonders if angels can go into catatonic shock, or if it’s even something that John is capable of now, whatever he is.
“I know.”
John’s slipping from his arms. He’s getting heavier, as if his blood is turning to lead. He won’t let him. He’ll be awake soon anyways.  He can’t drown. Angels don’t drown. Angels don’t
She looks away.
John lets his mace fall from his palm, whistling through the air as it plummets to earth. They’re over water now. He won’t hurt anyone.
“How much did you take, Sherlock?”
"It's just a lot to take in, yeah? I mean, this is stuff you hear in Sunday school, it's not stuff that
A warm orange glaze spreads over the ground beneath them, bleeding above with the purple and blue of the dawn.
Lestrade puts a comforting hand on the young man's shoulder and he looks ready to descend into tears again. Sherlock frowns, looking the officer over. It was not a weak constitution that was the source of his distress. Something else. Mark it; return later.
Azazel’s eyes flicker over him for a moment, his expression hesitant.
Later, he won’t know if it was the punch that knocked him out, or if he’d fainted.
"You didn't
“No. I’ll always be saying goodbye.”
Right now, he was chasing that grey, that fucking grey, through the market as if the devil was on his heels, and perhaps in a sense he was. Bystanders turned briefly to look at them or yell, but they all passed by in a blur, becoming sparser as the crowds thinned and the market ended.
"John."
“I…it feels like…” John sighs, searching for the right words. “It feels like crawling around in a darkness packed with heat and sweat and fear and breathing in a wisp of fresh air. It’s not much in the moment it happens, until you breathe it in and you realize just how good it was, how you want it to come back even though you know it’s leaving you.”
Somewhere in the distance, bells began to ring as the city began to wake. Tonight would be the breaking point. Tonight could be their end. They had but a handful of hours to come up with a plan to match one of the greatest and cruellest minds to ever exist.
"I'll be fine, Sherlock. I'd be more worried about yourself if I was you."
He quite liked it here.
“There’s the transcorporal shift, the lack of space to fill a body, um, he could be in stasis, there could be an obice—”
"Please, John." He says quietly, his eyes focused on the mantle, away from John.
The head doctor watches as she works.
"I'd say you don't know what it felt like," John begins quietly after that finite silence, turning his eyes up to his friend. "But I know that would be incredibly self-pitying, and more importantly it would be incredibly wrong because I know you felt exactly as I did."
“Very well. He’s been gone longer than anticipated, so we might make our way to his office.” Mycroft says with a tight smile, which fades when his eyes dart to That Door. “Sherlock—”
The yellow turns to an amorphous blue, the colour of light sparkling in clear water. Dots begin to appear in his vision, joining those crystal sparks that warn him of his own dehydration.
“It’s whatever you want it to be.”
"Christ..." John gasped, his eyes half-lidded and muddled.
They’ve been sitting in silence and Harry doesn’t break it. Some part of him is thankful. Some part of him still feels broken. This ache in the pit of his stomach, this coldness that shoots up his arms, this thing that keeps him up at night and wondering, this
No, not someone—
“Who I am…what I’ve done. Doesn’t it work that way for everyone?”
Sherlock gives him a look and John can tell he's making a list of all the things they disagree on. Violin at four in the morning, binge fasting, what constitutes an experiment versus milk that's gone bad that John has the right to know which is which before he's poured it in his cereal and took a bite (quite the row over that one; it deserved a medal in red-faced shouting).
Sherlock raised his head to look at him then, a tight expression on his face.
Heart racing, he wrapped the scarf tightly around his neck to stem the blood, and picked up the oar once more. The nearest church was just past the next bridge. Part of him wanted to throw himself through its doors, turn to the Madonna for her protection, claim sanctuary against the demon that had just attacked him. He wanted his mother, for her arms to open and hold him, to tell him he was alright, that would live, but she was still sitting at home across the city, unaware that her son was bleeding out towards a sorry and lonely end. All he had now was himself. And the churches held something else, something more important. A different kind of protection.
“How can he see me?”
“You remember Dartmoor. You remember what I said on the lawn.” Sherlock replied, and John nodded solemnly. “My greatest fear and my greatest comfort in life is the potential of a bottomless existence. Something that goes on forever; the possibilities are endless, but, then again, the possibilities are endless. Do you understand?”
“Nachash—Jim. He said…a lot of things.” Oh, brilliant Sherlock. Well done. So eloquent.  He said a lot of things. Mummy must be so proud of your demonstration of your public schooling. Another wonderful linguistic elucidation by a Cambridge graduate.
sometimes. But I'll never leave you."
“He didn’t, love. It was you he tried to dissect, remember? He filled you full of alprazolam and left you to dehydrate in that chair. I was never there. He didn’t get me, I wasn’t there when he ambushed you. Remember? You had a hallucination of me. I was never there.”
“You wouldn’t have followed me.” John said, if only to reassure himself of the lists of evidence that had rolled out and filled his brain with greater and greater velocity in the past weeks. Every brushing off, every dismissal feeding into the insidious notion that Sherlock did not need him there, had never needed him in the first place, would be better without him, if his presence mattered so little.
“Doctor Watson, if you’re quite done, we have other matters to attend to.” Mycroft’s voice wavers over from his spot in the corner of the den.
“Yes. Eventually. Of course I did.”
“Yes, he did.”
"Poor little genius…no one's around to tell me how stupid I am."
He doesn’t answer, and the faucet is shut off with a rough smack. He’s still angry.
, undeniably here.
"Most indubitably, sir."
private?
If John lived, it would scar. The wound was mangled, the damage furthered by John’s unsteady attempt to dig it from his own body. It had entered from his back, to the lower right of his shoulder, shot from below the waist. It had narrowly missed his heart, the trajectory only a few degrees off. His lips pursed, banishing the thoughts of what dark scene he might have come to if the aim had been true.
Sherlock shuts his eyes, adjusting to the new darkness and information that yes, John is here too. He hadn’t wanted that. He’d wanted it just to be him, wanted John to be miles away in their rented room, looking for him, worried but safe at least. The gyroscope doesn’t need to be restrung just yet, if it’s still turning and he just can’t see it.
So that's what that feels like.
"Did you really live in a palace with a hundred servants?" John asks as he manoeuvres around Sherlock to put the tea mugs away, tugging Sherlock back into the present from whatever cloud of thought he'd been caught in.
"I would never hurt him. You would."
The halls of the hotel are silent and cold. The wind shrieks at the windows, battering in an endless barrage against the sturdy glass. A fine dust has settled in the peace of the quiet.
"Sherlock. " He says, eyes fixated on the talons that rise and tick against the wet asphalt almost unconsciously. "My name is Sherlock Holmes."
The morning air is fresh and clear after last night’s rain, but the sky is interlaced with gauzy gestating clouds. The waters of the Nerevta shine a deep inky blue in the weak daylight, sure to reflect the dawning sun.
As his mind recedes into the darkness, indistinguishable from the one that surrounds him, he thinks of Sherlock. Of course he does. It’s safe now.
"By all means," Sherlock hisses. "Try."
“Who are you calling brainless—
Good.
He steps back, and the lights above them flicker on, one after the other, in a rolling wave before it crests on the other side of the room, leaving them once more with only the moonlight in the windows.
