Sherlock let himself be led away from the scene in a trance. Scads of photographers waited at the entrance. Like vultures they all clustered around their prey snapping pictures of Sherlock’s blood spattered face and shirt. Sherlock felt numb as he sat in the ambulance, waiting for John’s sheet draped body to join him. But the doors shut. Sherlock’s screams went unheeded as he pounded on the window of the ambulance. The vehicle of death that carried John’s body screamed out of sight.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock grabbed her hand and squeezed it until she cried out, “Well, I don’t like that nick name and I don’t like you, so get me a guide now.”
“I’m busy,” I shout.
John frowned. “So, you won’t listen to me, but you will listen to a woman who claims she is gay, and then tries to seduce you? Did she succeed?”
Your hand massages a tense place on my shoulders. “It’s okay, Sherlock.”
Clare stopped short of going in the living room when she heard the unmistakable sounds of Sherlock and John’s love making. A tear slid down her cheek, as she contemplated the evil that would consume John. John’s destruction would be Sherlock’s destruction and the world would be a darker place without them.
They all huddled around the contents of the safety deposit box and peered at it. Irene reached in first, pulling out something in a leather bag. She sneezed when the material eroded in her hands, then pulled out a black object. “What the hell is this? Another puzzle?”
Sherlock wrenched his hand from Mycroft’s grasp and began to pace back and forth, recalling every fact he knew about the Ebola virus. After a few fruitless deductions, Sherlock left the room and made his way down the hall, down the hall to a room normally kept locked, a room where once a dead boy’s shoes resided, a place of mildew and neglect, a place where Sherlock could keep secrets. Sherlock took a key out of his pocket, opened the door and quietly walked over to the fireplace as if preparing for communion in Church, he knelt down and pulled out a dusty red Moroccan leather case, carefully he opened it and sighed with relief when he saw the syringe, the needle glistening as a stray ray of light from a boarded up window shown across its sharp, shiny surface. Like a religious ritual, Sherlock took off his coat, rolled up his sleeve, prolonging the waiting as he carefully folded back layer after layer of fabric, until his translucent skin was bare, he then paused for a second to took a deep breath and plunged the needle in, throwing his head back Sherlock opened his mouth, his eyes glittered like emeralds, as he felt every nerve ending tingle, and as he reveled in the stimulation the drug gave him as if coursed through his veins, Sherlock thought, “Isn’t it ironic, that John has the same effect on me. He makes my nerve endings tingle, he makes my thoughts clear, John Watson makes everything right,” and as Sherlock’s eyes watered from the dust in the room he couldn’t imagine the world without his Doctor, his blogger, his lover, his friend, the very essence of  his soul.
Elsa looked into John’s blue eyes and smiled sadly, “Of course you are, but does your devotion keep the fear of his leaving you someday from ripping at your sanity? Does your devotion outweigh the fact that he will someday tire of you and become B O R E D? Because that’s what happened to me, John, one day my dear sweet husband looked at me and saw someone ordinary and just like that he was bored with me. No amount of devotion on my part could re-kindle his interest; for once a brilliant mind like that becomes bored it moves on and never looks back. No, conscience, just cold logic and deduction, for it’s the next puzzle they crave not lap dog devotion.”
“Sherlock, I know where you’re going.” I fling open the door, moving to shut it. You are too fast for me. “I know what happens in this room. I’m not home more than 5 minutes and you are using…” Your voice trails off when you observe the beauty of Alice’s room. I cower behind the bassinet. I hate you for seeing me like this. I must hurt you as you have hurt me.
Sherlock opened his mouth to berate her, telling her he would leave when he pleased, but then he stopped and much to his surprise said, “Thank you.”
I shrug. “I don’t want his colon bursting. It would make an awful mess.”
After she left John sighed and said casually, “Well, she seemed nice and the case sounded just right up your alley.”
Sherlock got dressed and hurried to the hallway, it was empty. He ran to the window and Sherlock was just in time to see John and Clare getting into a cab.  Clare’s head was peeking out of one window, sniffing the air, and John’s head was out the opposite window sniffing. For a moment he looked in Sherlock’s direction, and then he looked away and motioned the cab to go on.
John looked up a Sherlock’s adorable face and wanted to kiss him on the tip of his nose, “I never thought I would be spending my honeymoon this way,” John thought with disappointment and then one glance at Sherlock’s bright eyes and John was hooked again. After all what did it matter as long as they were together? “Each finger has been severed at the proximal phalanx,” John said and then paused as he waited for Sherlock to ask what the proximal phalanx was.
Sharon and John didn’t speak as they silently contemplated the bombshell John had just laid them.
Sherlock’s phone buzzed. “You’re lucky I have a phone call, or I would have to kill you to prove you exist.”
Sherlock stared at John with an impure look. “Doctor, I promised you Petra by moonlight and you’re going to get it.”
I watch you pace in the front room. Everything looks the same in the flat, but everything is vastly different. You want to forgive Mary for her dishonesty, but you can’t find it within yourself to do so.  She has lied to us yet again. “John, I don’t see the problem. So, Mary lied to you about being pregnant. It’s not as if you wanted a baby, right? I mean how would it look? Sherlock, the world’s greatest consulting detective, running around town with you and an infant strapped to your back.”
Anderson smiles. “It was fine, Sherlock just fine.”
Clare nodded. “John and I had the situation under control, until one of them held a knife to your throat. Without hesitation John surrendered his sword.”
“Sherlock, this case sounds just right up your alley, doesn’t it dear?” Mrs. Hudson said firmly, jolting Sherlock’s attention back to Lestrade.
By the time we get to the restaurant my pants strain against my trousers. There is less room in the crotch area. I revel in the discomfort. Anderson is so undone that he parks the bike like a virgin rider, the tires wobble back and forth between his legs. I take the time to lean forward and nip his earlobe with my teeth.  He swings one leg over the seat, swaying to his feet.
Sherlock was recovering from a gunshot wound and John was concerned. He walked over to where Sherlock sat. “Sherlock let me take a look.”
John smiled shook his head and went to see if the outdoor shower was free.
“The one with the ample chest, it was not your best work, but it was full of anger and appealed to the buyer, so that’s all that matters, correcto?” Marco said as he walked over to another painting. His expression sobered, as he looked at a the painting of a young man in a cardigan sweater. Sun light bathed his face, as an older woman stood by his side, with her hands on his shoulders. “Now this painting is genius, it has an almost esoteric quality to it. The painter has left the angry stage and has come full circle to resolution and forgiveness.”
The Shaman nodded, “Very good, John. Each shimmering mirage, as you put it, is full of hundreds of demons, the horsemen are in a state of meditation, when they fully regenerate, they and their demons will have the power to travel to your world. The horse of pestilence has already gained his full power and at this moment is ravaging your home. John, we must kill the other three horsemen before they regenerate or all will be lost. However, if we awaken them in the attempt they will immediately come out of their trance and attack.”
Clare looked at him in confusion for a moment and then nodded as if prompted by an internal reference. “Good morning, Jake, how did you sleep?”
You suck the skin of your cheek in as you say, “Sherlock, I can’t give you any OxyContin.”
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John asked.
“Sherlock, who are they. I will find them and…” I cut you off.
Then he rolled up his sleeve, and injected the golden liquid into a vein. “Okay, John, your turn now.”
Before Sherlock lost all concertation, Laura demanded his attention. “Mycroft, it’s time you explain to your little brother and his husband what the real game is.”
We are both breathing hard. I am the first to speak. “Anderson, I am impressed. I really am, you are so clever. I underestimated you.”
He smirked. “You know that reminds me about something Sherlock asked me one time. Do you know what he asked me?” Tears were running down his face while he laughed. “He asked me…asked me…when I got my first pubic hair right in the middle of a crowd of people. It had nothing to do with what we were talking about. I was outraged, but then that was Sherlock—outlandish and utterly wonderful. Yeah, that was my wonderful Sherlock—my idiot—my annoying dickhead.” Then the laughter died his throat, replaced by tears. “I miss him so much. I begged him not to be dead—just one more miracle. Do you know something? I think I have a daughter named Rosie, but then maybe I don’t. I’m confused. We…need to stop…just stop. SHERLOCK…”  Then he sank to the floor.
Sherlock laughed. “I’m a cab.” He then pulled out his phone, dropping it several times when his shaking fingers refused to grip its slick surface. When he finally grasped its illusive square shape, he pulled up his contacts, selecting Mycroft’s name, then he texted:
Laura laughed, “John you are such an adorable creature. Sherlock barely knew what I was talking about.”
As I reflect back on our times together, I think back on how I always thought of you as John this or John that in a third person sense. Now I when I think of you, John, it is in first tense-you always you. Things have been strained between us ever since that night I came home smelling of sex and cigarettes. I told you it was for a case but the shock on your face tore through my heart like a knife. A knife that continues to slice a little bit of my heart away each day, until I die by a thousand cuts. I have only been under cover as a sex worker for two weeks. Nothing has turned up in regards to the case. I have performed many different sex acts with the detachment of a true sociopath. Virtual John tells me that I have a gift for this kind of work. So, it is nice to know that if I decide to quit solving cases I can become a prostitute. I chuckle as I imagine the look on your face Dear John.
You look at me and smile, not knowing the reason I must get out of the room.
“Right then, Merry Christmas,” the young man said as he practically ran out of the dismal flat, leaving John to face the coldness of the flat alone.
John just stood there looking at the woman in shock. “Um, Sherlock, do you think we could at least discuss this?” John asked as he ran a hand awkwardly through his hair.
Sherlock, John and Clare, crept out of 221b Baker Street and blended into the inky darkness of the night. It took a while to get a cab and when they all piled into the back seat; the cabbie looked like he regretted the decision to pick them up.
Sherlock waved her off, not wanting to admit out loud that John’s diagnosis lay stabbed in a pile of unsolved cases and unanswered letters—dead letters. He then took a thumb drive out of his pocket, fingering it before he inserted in his laptop, but before the laptop powered up he had to put in a call to Mycroft.
“Sherlock,” John said in mock sternness, “If you want sex please just ask. After all have I ever turned you down?”
Sherlock swallowed.
John let the warm water run over him, the dried blood washed away in brownish rivulets down the shower drain. Once he was clean he grabbed his robe and almost ran to jump in bed with Sherlock.
I nod, not meeting your eyes. My hand shakes when I reach for the fragile looking tea cup. I look up at you and tears form in my eyes. “John, I….”
I looked back at him, confused. John continued to stare at me. Determined not to let him win I glared back at him. For a moment I felt as if the whole world had suddenly stopped moving as John and I held each other’s gaze.
Sherlock made his way downstairs to where Wiggins lay passed out on the couch, an empty glass pipe lay on the floor. “Get up,” he growled, kicking his foot.
Angela leaned forward, while Sherlock took his jacket off, rolled up his sleeve, thumping his arm until he found a blue vein, then he gave her one last lucid gaze just before he plunged the needle into the targeted blood vessel in front of him.
I open my eyes and I am lying in your arms, while Anderson is stroking my forehead. “He’s too high strung. Sherlock, is this too soon?”
Mycroft took the opportunity to grab the cipher out of Sherlock’s hands. “Give that to me. It belongs to the British Government.”
Mycroft sighs, “John, we both agreed that this is what is best for Sherlock.”
“We have to take a detour by Molly’s flat. There’s someone I want you to meet.”
“Just get it.”
“Sssh, Sherlock, let me help you find your equilibrium,” John said as he calmed Sherlock’s fluttering hands. “You have such long fingers. Let me show you how useful they can be,” John said as he guided Sherlock’s shaking hand to its target.
“Well, who’s this?” She asked as she leaned in towards John’s face her skin smelt like Jasmine and his eyes widened when she slowly licked her lips.
You smile and then kiss the tip of my nose. “You blew your load on my shirt and then passed out.”
I openly laughed by this time. “John, I’m sorry I was bored. I just slipped you a tranquilizer or two, you’ll be fine.”
“Someone just blew up our camp”. Sherlock said as he looked over at Laura, noting that she was as shocked as he.
The Shaman gently pushed Sherlock to the bed, “Rest.”
Sherlock wanted to kill the insolent bitch before him. “Tell her it’s Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes, she’ll see me.”
A few weeks later and Mycroft slowly recovered, London buried its dead and cleaned up the debris, the dragons resumed their habitation in the Chislehurst Caves, Clare went back to her world along with Jake who wanted to work on developing a closer relationship with her and Sherlock and John resumed their activities with one another. The events that had overtaken London were talked about in the days to come and the four horsemen were brushed away as radical terrorists until finally the world agreed that London had been hit by a pandemic type of plague and nothing more, and the tales of the horsemen were talked about only by children who shivered in the dark at the memory of them.
Sherlock looked away from the computer screen. The entries stopped. The next day John got locked up in a facility. The police found him on the roof of St. Bart’s screaming ‘SHERLOCK, DON’T BE DEAD. PLEASE FOR ME, JUST ONE MORE FUCKING MIRACLE. JUST ONE.’
She holds my arm in a tight grip. “Sherlock, promise me. Promise me that you won’t hurt him with your callus stunts. He would never survive another St. Bart’s”
As the door shrieked on its hinges, John, Sherlock, and Clare all crouched in fighting positions. Two armed Asian men that looked as if they both had injected a case of steroids made their way down the steps. In contrast a small Asian woman walked in between them with what appeared to be food.
Sherlock drew in a deep breath. “John, when we first made love, I told you that I hadn’t had sex with another person, willingly, that was true. I was raped in prison when I was in Eastern Europe. Mycroft put a stop to it as soon as he was able, however, he couldn’t act too concerned lest he compromise my cover. That time wasn’t too bad. The first time was the worse.” Sherlock gulped and continued on. “I was fourteen and home for the holidays. My parent’s had left the house on a weekend getaway and I was alone in the house with Mycroft and some of his friends. Mycroft left to get more beer and cigarettes and I went down to the kitchen to rummage around for something to eat. When I walked into the kitchen one of Mycroft’s friends commented on how beautiful my curls were.
I have texted the institution. They will have a John Watson, primed for me. I walk into the lobby of my “getting off palace” and approach the front desk. Without a word I hand over your shirt and coat. Then I make my way to the proprietor’s office. I knock on the door. It is opened and I am shown into a spacious office. It is cold-sterile, all chrome and glass. The woman behind the desk smiles as she comes forward. “Well, Mr. Holmes what a pleasure. Do I take it that you are on the case?”
I bite down on my lower lip, appalled when a slight moan escapes. It isn’t the ringtone on my phone. Anderson’ breath is coming in shorter gasps now as he relishes the dissipating humidity my sweat has left on his palm. My eyes grow wide for it appears as if he is going to orgasm right before my eyes. I lick my lips and wobble to my feet, then sit back down as Donavan approaches.
The cab ride home was pretty quiet. Sherlock was lost in his own thoughts until he felt John shift closer to him. John slid his hand under Sherlock’s thigh and whispered in his ear, “A penny for your thoughts, Detective.”
John held Sherlock’s hand in a tight grasp, for he could see the terror and sadness that lurked behind those murky green depths. He bent down and whispered in Sherlock’s ear. “I love you.”
I can hear you pouring another scotch, the ice cubes hit the glass, the liquid hits your tongue and then burns its way down your throat. I wish I were the liquid, burning my way through you as you…swallow. I’m sleepy, goodnight John and then I’m out.
John then smiled and said, “My you are a handsome fellow, what is your name?”
Sherlock frowned. “John, I’ve made an appointment with a surgeon.”
I awake to my phone ringing. I sigh, untangle the rubber tie around my arm and answer the phone. It’s Lestrade.
“John you’re a genius. That’s it,” Sherlock said as he rushed to get his coat.
“My ex took everything except my piano,” Anderson says behind me.
“Anderson, why did you do what you did?”
Sherlock gently shook John, but there was no response. “John, John, answer me.” Sherlock desperately shouted. Sherlock shook John harder this time, ignoring the blood that smeared against his jacket. “John, don’t leave me, please. I can’t stand this, this…fucked up world without you. Oh God, no, please John…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off in a sob as he began to make resuscitation attempts by applying mouth to mouth. When that didn’t work Sherlock began to pump on John’s chest in an effort to jump start his heart. He pounded on John’s chest hysterically until Jake pulled him away.
“Okay, good I found one,” John said triumphantly as prepared me for my elixir; his face glowed eerily in the blue light. A slight alcohol swab and a pin prick latter and it was over. As John went to dispose of the needle, I took a couple of pills. Then I slipped a couple in his drink. “Soon the fun will begin,” I thought.
John leaned back, then just before his eyes closed he mouthed the words, “I love you,” to Sherlock.
A man steps up to the front of the room and everyone silences. “At approximately 8:21 this evening Scotland Yard was bombed along with other buildings in the area. So, far no terrorist group has claimed responsibility. This image was transmitted to national security just before the bomb hit as well as the words ‘undeciphered’.” The man pauses, then projects an image on the screen in front of us.
John flushed and Sherlock looked bored. “Whatever for, Mrs. Hudson?”
John’s eyes grew wide as Sherlock stood up and winked at him. Then he proceeded to push John down the gangplank. Though he was perfectly secure in the chair, Sherlock still laid a protective hand on John’s shoulder. John reached up and squeezed Sherlock’s hand. For a moment their fingers intertwined, encompassing them in their own moment. Then someone said, ‘excuse me’, and their moment faded away, swallowed up by the jostling bodies around them.
Sherlock stopped, stood up and just stared at John; his eyes dilated making them appear black.
As if sensing Sherlock’s gaze, John rolled over and smiled up at Sherlock. “How are you feeling?”
Once inside the place, Sherlock struggled to remain calm. Breathing exercises are fucking useless when all one can think of is pain and torture.
“Thank god, for private jets,” Laura said as she leaned back and lit up a cigarette.
Sherlock scrambled to the top of the cabinet, testing its strength. Once he felt satisfied that it would hold his weight, he stood up and stretched towards the ceiling.
You take my hand. “Why can’t you come with us?”
Lestrade shrugged. “We got an anonymous call from a burner phone, so we have no idea who the witness is.”
Sherlock’s pale face gave John the answer.
Clare moved in front of Sherlock, “Sherlock, this demon is not John and why it hasn’t killed you by now is puzzlement…”
You nod as a tear slides down your cheek. “Yesss…,” you stutter.
“What’s going on here?” The ship’s Doctor asked sharply.
My face crumples as I stare down at the worn carpet. You walk over to me. I look down at your feet. I refuse to look up. “Sherlock, I’m sorry,” you say.
You shrug and leave the room. I could be mistaken, but it feels as if the room just got colder.
John sighed, pulling Sherlock into him. “Remind me to fill out your comment card, Fernando, for this is by far the best room service I have ever received,” John gasped as Sherlock accurately pinpointed his spot.
Sherlock’s blue eye’s widened with excitement. “Blindfold, Doctor, please and put it on tight this time.” Sherlock’s vision was blacked out as John slowly slipped a blind fold around his eyes.
He smiled. “Yes, well I am one of a kind. You understand that the nature of your work here would be somewhat well below the radar.”
“Bloody hell. How did you know that?” Lestrade shouts.
“That was the case I first met you.”
Sharon sighed, “At least let me help you out.”
“No, I destroyed them.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Then go after it. It’s no matter to me.”
The Shaman and John left, leaving Sherlock to contemplate the situation on his own. After a few musings, Sherlock became bored with battle plans and fell asleep. When he awoke someone must have carried him to bed for it was dark and Sherlock was tucked in tightly. He smiled when he felt John’s kiss on his cheek, “Goodnight, Sherlock,” John said as he jabbed a needle into Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock felt his body pulsing faster as he struggled for control. Clumsily he reached out to grab John’s pant leg and then just fell back. “John, I don’t want this to be one sided. I want you to also…,” Sherlock’s voice trailed off as he felt as if his whole body burst open in a final thrust.
John slid to the ground beside Sherlock and gently took his hands away from his blood soaked nose, ”Easy Sherlock, let me take a look,” John said softly as if were talking to a head shy horse. As John caressed the insides of Sherlock’s wrist with his thumbs, Sherlock settled down. “Okay, Sherlock, let’s see what we have here,” John said as he gently lifted Sherlock’s head and positioned it against his side. John eyes filled with tears for that beautiful nose was broken and he would have to set it. “Sherlock, I am going to have to set your nose, and Sherlock, it’s going to hurt,” John said as he inhaled the intoxicating smell of Sherlock’s blood. John became so engrossed with Sherlock’s scent, that for a moment he lost track of his purpose. “Someone bring me a towel, some wads of gauze and a small bucket of snow,” John ordered as he smoothed the hair from Sherlock’s forehead and rocked him slightly.
At first things appeared normal as John droned on and on. Then he stopped yawned and leaned back on the couch. “Sherlock, I feel so strange, so light,” John said as he shook his head.
John looked at Sherlock as if he had grown horns out of his head. “What?” He asked.
Elsa smiled and leaned forward and said, “Aren’t you married to the famous Sherlock Holmes?”
“Well, you wouldn’t be in hospital so much, if you would quit doing stupid things, brother mine.”
You muffle the receiver, then come back on. “Sherlock…I…can’t lose you.”
Sherlock’s mom hugged him. “Now, Sherlock you won’t be here forever. You need to get better. Mycroft saved you last time but he might not be there next time and your father and I couldn’t bear to lose you.”
You rub your hand further up my thigh until I gasp. “John, not red. The dress should be midnight blue, to match her lovely eyes.”
I shake and grimace, but I still manage to hook my index finger around yours. My fingers are limber from my violin practice. Sweat runs down my face as I pull your hand towards my face. As far as I am concerned, we are the only two in the room. Closer, closer, I take your finger and place it in my mouth. I can taste the liniment you put on your nail beds to keep from biting them. I can taste the antibacterial soap you washed with. I taste something else, something the soap missed. It stinks. It’s sour. It’s vomit. Sorry John I must have thrown up on you.
“What is it, Sherlock? Is everything okay?”
Then I focus on the gentle notes of the Chaconne, tears run down my face, while I wallow in the pain. When the volume of the piece swells into forte I bite my lip until it bleeds. I taste blood and tears. I feel bereft, knowing the piece is nearing its climax and though I play it again, it will never be like this performance. Each fingering and bow stroke like a snowflake, pitch perfect, yet no two alike. All musical works have a finale, all notes end, all pieces fade until the last tone ceases to vibrate.
I shrugged. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, John.”
Sherlock was only listening to Lestrade, with half of his phenomenal attention span, “Something about cruise ship murders, blah, blah, blah, boring,” Sherlock thought as he continued to watch John-his distraction. John had just wheeled over to the window and was attempting to grab his laptop, the laptop was just out of reach and Sherlock inwardly gasped when John’s shirt crept up revealing a small area of white flesh just below his ribs. His groin reacted immediately, coiling up tightly at the glimpse of John’s skin. Sherlock shifted in his chair and was about to order everyone out of the room when Mrs. Hudson gently nudged his leg causing it to jerk and then hit the ground.
Afterwards, Sherlock lay in John’s arms, wishing that they could make love non-stop for days on end, but his dinner break was over and he had to get back to the case.
“Sherlock, perhaps you should give it a rest until things settle down.”
Sherlock turned the top and bottoms in his hands curiously. “How does this thing go?” Sherlock asked as he held the pants up.
You push your fists deeper into the mattress. “No, I don’t know. Now quit talking in riddles and tell me what’s wrong.”
Tears form in my eyes as I look away from your prying gaze. “No, Molly, John’s feelings aren’t as vested in our relationship as you would think. He’ll mourn me and then he’ll move on. That’s what people do, Molly. They move on.”
An awkward silence overtakes the room and threatens to swallow us up. I surrender to it. You do not. “Sherlock, I know you’re curious and so I forgive you. Just don’t…don’t ever do that again.”
“Yes, always, John, always. It’s been you from the first day I set eyes on you. Was it my cheekbones that first got you to thinking about me, or was it my eyes. Molly, what do you think?”
Lestrade steps forward and sniffs Anderson. “Well, I can’t smell alcohol. Fine, I’ll leave you both to it.”
“She died in a fire when you both were quite young.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Who knows? But there is something I need to discuss with you.”
All three prisoners made note of their surroundings. They were in what appeared to be an old brick dungeon, complete with iron bars, chains and manacles. Sherlock was surprised there wasn’t a skeleton or two lying around. He sighed. “Have our captors said what they want from us?” Sherlock asked.
John smoothed Sherlock’s hair back, running his fingers through its unruly curls. “Sherlock, I’ve had a tetanus shot, so I’m fine.”
I shake my head. “No, I’ll do it.” I then navigate the stairs with ease, setting the tray down by the side of the bed.
Sherlock looked like a small child as he pouted and then hesitantly asked John, “Has it happened to you?”
He shifted in his chair. “Because…I saw…him jump. There was blood everywhere—everywhere. God, it was horrendous.” He then started to shake.
Sherlock clucked his tongue, “Yes, Doctor.”
I shake my head. “You don’t understand. I’m not worthy of your attention.”
Doctor Shaw smiled. “Sherlock, he was much worse off when you weren’t here. My recommendation is that you have him re-institutionalized and maybe with time he will recover. Mental health issues related to trauma are difficult to predict. I could recommend a few top-notch facilities that specialize in his type of condition.” She then laid a hand on his arm. “You really have tried your best and the formulas you have created are quite inventive and should be submitted to a pharmaceutical company for further study. It could make a difference for someone else.”
“Too bad,” the woman drooled.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he glanced over to where Hugh sat. “Why should I care what happens to Hugh?”
“Sherlock, don’t fight me relax.”
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” You ask as you jump back.
I think my answer surprises you for you grow quiet for a moment. “Right then, I’m get my things out of your room as soon as possible.”
Irene didn’t look back. She just stared at the key. “We will leave for Switzerland day after tomorrow. If I know my grandfather, there will be another puzzle once we open the safety deposit box.”
John smiled up at Sherlock with a glassy eyed expression. “Yes, fine.”
I wince, unsure of my motives. “I picked the lock. This place has an appalling lack of security.”
“Okay, god, it’s hard to slow up. I forget you like it deep, yet gentle. You are such a contradiction, my sweet detective. In person, you’re cold and efficient. In the bedroom, you want to be made love to. Let me help you relax. I know your spot. You are the brain and I am the heart. Well, considered yourself warned. I’m fucking you from my heart— my soul and I’ll tunnel all the way to your massive intellect, connecting us together. I’ll bring you back from the dead.”
I love Mary but I’m still not comfortable with showing her the depth of my desire for John. She rolls her eyes, kisses me and then John. “I’m going for a morning run. Then I’m going to get my hair done and buy an outrageously priced dress for the opera tonight. What color should it be?”
Sherlock put the cigarette back in his case and stood up abruptly. “Sorry, I guess I must be going.”
“John, you left me alone. You let me grieve.” I hang my head I deserve it.
“But Sherlock, surely John and you are…”
John watched the creatures in horror for as they drew closer their grotesque features became clarified. Their skin was yellow in tone; their bones struck out at odd angles making them appear like evil spindly pincushions. John raised his hand to the sky and plunged down into the demonic fray of monsters, hacking anything his sword would take out. As members of his army fell beside him, John’s human half began to tire; so he summoned the beast within and submitted to the forces of darkness, allowing his demon half to kill the creatures as he made his way to where the two horsemen sat enclosed in their bubbles.
Sherlock smiled down at John and said, “Dancing’s boring.”
John watched Sherlock pace for a moment or two and then said, “No, I’m not really that tired.”
Before John could reply, Sherlock scurried out of the room, leaving John alone. No matter how many sheep John counted, he couldn’t get to sleep and was still awake when Sherlock slid in next to him around 3 A.M. “Sherlock?” John asked.
The voice on the other end paused and said, “Just keep him busy I will be right there.”
Dan smiles. “That’s alright. You really are quite attractive. Now may not be the time, but in my business a person learns not to waste time. Molly, would you like to go out for a cup of tea sometime?”
“Oh, Sherlock, it’s wonderful,” she said as she took his hand. “It makes me miss him, but it makes me happy too,” she said as she lightly stroked the man’s features in the painting. It was as if she touched the oil on the canvas, her husband would magically come to life.
Sherlock watched in fascination as John sucked at the trickle of black blood that dripped down his thumb. “John, does your blood still taste the same?” Sherlock asked curiously.
“Yes, Doctor.” Then they peeled back the layers of clothing that separated them. Sherlock’s head snapped back when he felt, his Doctor’s tongue, and fingers pulsing intermittingly inside him. T
I look up at him. “I need help. I need some, you can supervise.”
“Think, John there is always a pattern. Twelve adults, male and female, all different nationalities, John don’t you see?” Without waiting for John to reply, Sherlock’s words burst out like a machine gun, “John, the twelve people, they are jurors.”
John looked at Sherlock with questioning eyes. Sherlock didn’t turn to him. He just sat staring at the plush, cream carpet beneath his feet. John shivered, wondering why he suddenly felt cold.
Hugh frowned and then said, “That sounds dangerous.”
Mycroft looked at the incoming call
Sherlock opened his eyes to the sound of sirens, and as he got to his feet he felt horrified at the scene before him, for he was not at a battle, but in modern day London. Tanks rolled through the streets, and the people that were out on the sidewalks wore masks and looked terrified as they made their way towards their destinations. Sherlock made his way to 221b Baker Street, as fast as he could, he ignored the quarantine tape across the door. He tore off the tape and ran upstairs two at a time.  Mrs. Hudson was the first to see him, “Oh Sherlock, what have you done? It isn’t safe here.” She cried. For the first time Sherlock noticed that Mycroft and Molly were in the room as well.
Sherlock frowned in irritation. “Who knows?”
Mrs. Hudson smiles, then looks sternly at both of us. “Now I’ll look after Alice, but just this once. Remember, I’m your landlady, not your babysitter.”
I don’t argue as tears spring to my eyes. You then reach over and give me two useless NSAID’S and then you hand me a pill I don’t recognize. “What’s this?” I ask with a note of hope.
John closed his eyes, as he waited for the all-consuming kisses that Sherlock had bestowed upon him  while they were at sea, and was disappointed when there was only one gentle kiss. “Well, that was not like the kisses you gave me when we traveled last.” John said jokingly in an effort to hide the rejection he felt by such a platonic kiss.
“So, we’ll be going back home?”
Mycroft rounded on Sherlock, preparing to give him the verbal thrashing of a lifetime, then stopped when he noticed his brother smiling down at John in adoration. “Sherlock, what have you done?”
Then he put his lips on mine, not gentle like I always imagined, but rough and demanding. I turned my head away, acutely away of the smell of sweat and alcohol that exuded from his pores. John ignored me smashing his lips on mine, biting me until I opened for his entrance. His hard tongue rampaged through my mouth, licking swelling and entwining around mine until I felt faint.
Sherlock frowned; for this type of behavior wasn’t like John at all. “What are you up to, John?” Sherlock thought uneasily.
We fall into a routine, you, I and Alice. Though I have no wish to change nappies and such, watching baby Alice fascinates me, her small fingers, toes, the way she smiles, a combination of you and Mary. We haven’t discussed the Anderson Proposal since you brought it up last week. I am irritable. I need a case. I need a fix, or at the very least a cigarette. Perhaps I can get you back into bed. I am just about to propose this very suggestion when my phone rings. It’s Lestrade.
Clare made a noise that was supposed to be laughter; however, John thought it sounded more like hissing. He hurried to his room got dressed, and pulled out a sword he had bought in China Town. John had the sword sharpened, so that it could cut silk. He slipped the sword back in its scarab, and then he adjusted it on his back so that the sword could quickly be drawn, if need be. He took a glance at himself in the mirror, there was an unmistakable glow to his cheeks from he and Sherlock’s love making, but there was something else too. Blood lust, the desire to slice the Golem’s head off, and feel the spray of blood on his face was a drive that was almost as powerful as the sex drive. Without another thought, John cleared his mind and met Clare in the hallway.
I show him no mercy. “Are you telling me that you were even too stupid to kill yourself?”
You are distracted by the touch of my thigh against yours. “Red you blurt out.”
I roll my eyes, time to get her back on course. “Annette, tell me what you know.”
You roll off of me; I smile because you are free. You dearest John will escape the flames-the fall. Your wings are not made of wax. You are strong. I let you soar.
Mrs. Hudson smiles a sad smile as she walks over to me. “Sherlock, your timing is terrible. John’s gone out. He said he’d be back in a few hours.”
Mycroft put his fingers together and rested them just underneath his nose. “The statute of Bastet is thousands of years old but is worth very little, due to the fact that it is an undocumented ornament that would have been used as a decoy piece.”
“Ow, no need to be insulting, your majesty.”
John opened the case and whistled, “I know just enough French to be embarrassed, this is frightfully intimate. It says something like,”Thank you for the four nights aboard the Gabriella.”
Annette raises an eyebrow. “You will be recognized on sight.”
I keep talking to him in a calm voice, yet I am uneasy, something doesn’t feel right.
Sherlock smacked his head with the heel of his palm and said, ”God, John what a selfish pig I have been, you must be exhausted. Come on, let’s put you to bed.”
The girl remained unimpressed. “She doesn’t just pop out here in a bottle.”
“Are you alone?”
John kissed him back and then pulled away, “Sherlock, umm if you keep this up you are going to exceed your dinner break.”
“Are you waiting for the medical transport van?” He asked cheerfully.
“Sherlock, Sherlock can you hear me? Are you okay?”
Sherlock’s beady eyes narrowed, but he decided to play the game as well, “My name is Fernando. I am from Spain.”
Sherlock crawled over to where John had fallen and took him in his arms. John was pale and sweaty, but still conscious. “John,” Sherlock gasped as he ripped off his jacket to stop the blood flow. Sherlock, watched with horrified fascination as dark blood soaked the jacket. At first Sherlock thought that the blood was deoxygenated because of the deep color, but on further inspection, Sherlock realized the blood wasn’t a deep red, it was black. John’s blood was black.
“Just get to the point,” John snapped for his one of his biggest fears was that Sherlock would grow tired of him and leave.
I shrug. “Only when I’ve asked you to.”
John loved how shy Sherlock was when he spoke. “Sherlock, I am already missing you.”
Lestrade looks at me in speculation before he replies. “Well, get in there so I can send Anderson in, for I know he won’t work with you.”
John wheeled around to look at his savior, and was not surprised to find that she was gorgeous. Long auburn hair cascaded down her shoulders and her smoky green eyes smoldered with amusement when John’s faced flushed at her assessment of him. “Doctor Watson, isn’t it?” She purred.
Hugh nodded. “My next set is coming up.”
The question hung heavily in the room, answered only by the hiss of gas from the pipes hidden behind the imitation logs in the fireplace.
John immediately responded. “Oh God, yes,” John groaned as he sucked hard and harder on Sherlock’s bloody fingers. When he had sucked them clean, John began to kiss Sherlock, biting his lip so that he could taste more of Sherlock’s blood.  The villagers stood by and watched in horrified fascination, for they knew better than to disturb a creature like John. John sucked on Sherlock’s lip a few more seconds and then stopped. His breathing was heavy and the corners of his mouth had blood caked in them. John’s eyes went from golden to blue as he stared at Sherlock, as if it were the first time he had seen him. “Sherlock, what have I done?” John whispered.
“Yes, but I gave her what she wanted in return for your surgery.”
John sighed. “The Bates Motel is from the movie, ‘Psycho.’”
I appear to consider the proposition for a moment or two before I answer. “Nope, don’t like it. I’m calling you Anderson.”
Sherlock looked down at John with a pout. “John, we don’t travel in the same circles. I know scores of “A List” people that you don’t.”
Sherlock didn’t answer as he became lost in the sensual feel of his wet hands.
Anderson sighs in pleasure while he tastes me, then he stops when you move my legs apart. The rimming begins. I pull up on the head board, unable to bear the feel of both of your tongues inside me. The pleasure is too much. You both give me no mercy, while you flick around in my warm cavern like a nest of vipers. My hips attempt to shoot off the bed and my lower back stiffens.
John attempted to sit up, then lay back down. “Was that an actual bit of gross sentimentally Mr. Holmes?”
For a moment John wondered how Sherlock could keep such a promise and then everything swirled into a vortex of sight and sound. Hugh’s voice blended into Sherlock’s slurping, until John could no longer tell them apart. Both were music to John’s ears. The tension in John’s body built and then released in a warm liquid torrent, that Sherlock swallowed down in greedy gulps. John rested his legs over the arm rests of his chair as Sherlock focused on licking him clean. “He’s like a mother cat,” John thought as his body relaxed under Sherlock’s ministrations. “Meow,” John mewed.
When I feel you swallow, the room swirls around me, I see spots, then I cry out. I’m not surprised when everything fades away.
Sherlock made his way downstairs to where Wiggins sat. “Come on Wiggins, time to mix up a potion, while the good Doctor attends to John.”
“He’s changed since Mary’s death. He doesn’t want to come back to Baker Street. I turned my drug den into a bloody nursery for Christ’s sake. The blue lights to find my veins are gone. I painted the walls and bought a crib but the worst of it is that I can’t get Mary’s cold dead stare out of my mind. She’s dead and John left me alone to grieve.”  I am sobbing and shaking.
“I have just the thing that will quench your thirst, my darling, John.”
Lestrade scratched his head as John and Sherlock left. “Now, that was bizarre,” Lestrade remarked aloud to no one in particular.
“If I’m going to die, I want Earl Grey.”
John looked grave and bent down to the boy’s level, “And just what is everyone saying?”
“Well, who is she?” John asked, trying not to sound like a jealous cat.
“Ah victory is so sweet,” I think as I grind my toes causing the moisture in Anderson’s pants to fan out to his trousers. I duck under the table to observe my handy work. I smile at the wet spot that winks back at me.
Sherlock could feel his face flushing, as he shouted back. “John, just shut the hell up, now.”
“Sherlock, wait, that area hasn’t been secured yet.”
Sherlock pushed John’s hand away. “Sod off, John, I’m trying to sleep.” Sherlock growled.
Sherlock flushed as he whispered, “Oh course, for only a fool argues with his Doctor.”
It is early morning when I return to Baker Street, I open the door and move to make a mad dash to my room, but Mrs. Hudson is on my trail like a blood-hound. “Sherlock, wait.”
I lean back against the pillow, your words hurt. “I’m clean, you know that, John.”
John rounded on Sherlock. “Are you kidding me? That was the creepiest woman I have ever met. Are we in the freaks of nature business now?”
“Yes.” Then he looked down at his own shaking hands.
“He’s jealous,” John thought gleefully as he shamelessly began to flirt with the woman. She laughed at everything he said until John realized that it must be out of pity because of the chair. Instantly, John retreated back in his shell as he replied to an especially salacious remark. “That might be difficult seeming I’m in a wheel chair, it’s not very sexy the chair…I mean.”
“John, I cheated on you with Anderson.”
Waiting for the nausea to pass John finally began to feel the effects of the pill and smiled as he gave in to the relief he felt when it took the edge off. Hours later Sherlock slipped in beside him but John kept his eyes squeezed shut for he didn’t want to face him.
Sherlock nodded as he pursed his lips. “Just the same, maybe you should wait here.”
Mary smiles again. She looks like a cat. “I’m going to be gone all day, you two enjoy yourselves.”
“Elsa,” she said and held out a cool hand for John to shake.
I can hear Alice crying in the background. “John, you have a child and I need you to keep Anderson and Mrs. Hudson safe.”
“Oh, Sherlock, you’re hurt,” Anderson says as he gets up and then grabs a kit by his side. I don’t flinch as he cleans my wounds. I hold my legs apart a little farther than necessary to give up access to both knees. His breath comes in short gasps as he stares at my crotch. Though my actions were meant to tease, I end up feeling the heat as well. Anderson continues to stare and then in a quick movement he cups me. Then he jerks his hand away. “Jesus, Sherlock I’m sorry,” he stammers.
John scratched his head, for he was pretty sure that he hadn’t ordered room service, however he shrugged and then pulled open the door. A tall steward entered the room, his hair slicked down, peppered with gray, his long face reminded John of a weasel, his thick black glasses accentuated the weasel effect by making his eyes look round and beady. The steward wheeled a cart across the room and then the realization hit him, for the steward was none other than Sherlock. However, John decided to play dumb for a few moments.
He looks up at me and says, “No Sherlock, not when it comes to you.”
“Sherlock, I need you to promise me something.” She says as she clutches at my arm.
The interviewer looked a little surprised and asked, “Six months?”
One danger has left us as another begins. My hand works its way into your shirt. Then below your waistband, your jeans rub against one finger, the elastic band of your underwear against the other finger. My lungs feel as if they have shrunk to the upper part of my chest. My breathing is shallow. The fourth finger of my left hand, the third finger of my violin hand, works its way down, like a third finger stretch into another position. When it reaches the rough barbed hair below your navel, I stop. My courage has left me. “I am Sherlock, the world’s greatest consulting detective,” I whisper to myself as I pull my hand away from you, away from passion-back to logic. My heart, which I have proponed not to have, breaks again.
John nodded. “And umm, you’ll let me lead?”
Sherlock awoke with a sense of peace. He would be released from hospital today. He would play the game, the contrite brother for Mycroft, the loveable tenant for Mrs. Hudson, and the evasive friend to Molly, all so he could accomplish his real goal—the kidnapping of John. John and he would escape to a small country estate that had been deeded to him lieu of a fee and John would get better or they would both die. With the help of Wiggins, he procured a burner phone, a full chemistry set and the drugs he would need to tailor an anti-depressant, specifically to fit John’s needs. The only thing on his list that was missing was a therapist.
John’s eyes filled with tears as he felt for the bottle of pain killers in his pocket. “Nothing, I’m fine.”
John laughed and then continued where he left off with his finger motions. “Sherlock, I want you now.”
Mycroft arched an eyebrow. “Why John, you’re not happy to see me?”
He grinds his teeth. I can hear it above the buzz of the fluorescent lights. “Make your call and get to work, Brother mine. London, and perhaps all of the world needs you.”
John frowned. “Well, I know one thing she was definitely attracted to me. It’s nice to know I am still desirable to someone.” John snapped spitefully.
Sherlock coughed. Before John, Sherlock never imagined having sex with anyone, now he was like a horney adolescent. All John had to do was glance his way and Sherlock would feel his groin stir. “John, you can never have too much of a good thing. Why do you ask?”
Sherlock nodded. “Thank you, for your assistance An.”
John’s body shivered in shock, as Sherlock carried him inside and laid him gently on a mat. The front of John’s shirt was covered in black blood. As his body jerked with spasms of pain, John reached up and grabbed a hold of Sherlock’s jacket, “Ssssherlloock, “John gasped as his teeth involuntarily chattered together.
You are at my side in an instant. “You will do know such thing. I can’t lose you, Sherlock. We will work together on this. I am willing to give it all up thought if it means that you could be…be killed. I just… just….”
John smiled as he moved his hands a little lower, giving Sherlock some finger action. “I said whom does the house belong to? I mean you know so many people, it’s hard to keep up.”
You shake your head. “Nope.”
Sherlock’s expression grew serious as he ran his fingers across John’s forehead. “John, you are the most innocent person I know. You could never be guilty of anything.”
Sherlock propped his chin up on his hand, “John Watson, what might we deduce about your last sentence? Sleep in, hmmm, cover blown hmm…Ah, I have it you want me to blow you under the covers and then sleep in.”
Sherlock turned on her like an angry mother bear. “Shut up, Laura,” he whispered between clenched teeth.
Sherlock gave Mycroft the look. “I don’t need your input. Just give me a boost.”
I don’t answer her. Caring scares me. A few minutes later and the tea and sandwiches are complete.
“I could fondle them, causing your nipples to harden, but then I wouldn’t be much good to you. Although John swears he came make a woman…”
I look up at you. “John, I want you to make love to me. I want you to make me yours.” I then begin to kiss you.
“Sherlock, quit, fussing I’m fine,” John said as Sherlock rearranged his pillows again.
He watched John with a wistful smile on his face.
“Jesus,” John whispered, “that place was a hell hole of abuse and sadistic experiments.”
“Save the sentimental clap trap, Doctor Watson.” Then he paused. “I love you too, John, more than life itself.”
Sherlock reached up and peeled away a piece of synthetic skin from John’s forehead. “How could I have missed this?” Sherlock asked aloud.
“Yes, Sherlock you are. When you start to put a value on your own life, then you can begin to value others.”
“Not good. He’s still rambling on about Mary, a baby, and my psychotic third sibling.”
As soon as Mycroft is off the premises I check myself out of the clinic. I have to prepare the apartment for a baby. I have to clean, remove body parts from the fridge and get baby things. Mrs. Hudson looks in on me in concern as I attempt to tackle the kitchen.
“I would assume that she would have been conceived in the usual manner.”
John nodded as he said, “Okay, I see.”
You stroke my forehead until my eyes grow heavy. “Go to sleep, Sherlock,” You whisper.
Sherlock glared down at her in annoyance and then glanced around the room at the pale tense faces that looked at him with a mixture of hope and pity. Sherlock knew what they wanted to ask but didn’t dare and Sherlock couldn’t bear to utter John’s name to explain. “I am a human calculator, an amalgamation of facts, figures, I deduce, detect, I don’t worry for I am a proper genius. A proper genius not a lover…” Sherlock thought as the old familiar burning churned in his stomach and as Sherlock glanced back at the three faces that observed him, he began to panic, for Sherlock knew they knew, they knew that he was in fact destructible-human, made weak by his love for John. “John, my kryptonite,” Sherlock thought as he struggled to maintain centered. He could feel the anger starting to rage deep within him as he observed the pity that was being directed at him, for it made Sherlock feel as if he were trying to run on ice, slipping and sliding as an unknown assailant pursued him.  “STOP IT, STOP LOOKING AT ME, RIGHT NOW,” Sherlock shouted at the top of his lungs as he picked up a glass beaker that sat on the kitchen counter and slammed it into the wall, one by one he broke them all, throwing them so hard that shards of glass sprayed up in the air like fireworks.
John lightly boxed Sherlock under the chin and whispered, “I’ve still got it, don’t I?”
You step into the room. “Sherlock, I know you’re bored. I’m doing my best to get a case for you.”
John frowned. “The what caves?”
“Bloody, cobblestones,” I curse aloud as I attempt to stand up.
You always bring out the playful side of me John. I bounce to the side, bark and lick your cheek. For a moment or two we wrestle. Then you pin me down on the bed. “Mr. Holmes, are you ready for another round.”
“John a penny for your thoughts,” Laura whispered in his ear.
“Sherlock, just carry me upstairs,” John said as he stared at Sherlock beneath hooded lids.
You stop at the door, your back is towards me, your shoulders are tense. “Sleep it off, Sherlock. We’ll talk about this later.”
John was openly laughing by this time, “Fernando, come and sit on my lap, tell me about yourself.”
John looked puzzled. “What do you mean by undocumented?”
You look helpless small. “Sherlock, are you alright? What’s happened?”
Sherlock’s grandma looked out into the distance and smiled, “Someday I will send it to you,” she said softly.
“Sherlock, are you alright? Can you hear me?” A harangued voice whispers into my ear.
Sherlock held out his hand to John. “Come back to bed with me. Why didn’t you come in with me in the first place?” Sherlock’s voice had an annoyed flat tone.
When you leave, I curl my knees to my chest, comforted by the fact that I can hear you puttering around the flat with Mrs. Hudson. I fall asleep to the sound of your muted voices.
John looked sideways up at Sherlock and said, “That’s fine.”
Lestrade grimaced, “Jesus, there’s not much left is there?”
Without question Anderson does my bidding. In the bedroom I order him to strip. He stands before me naked. Why do I feel so vulnerable when he is the one shivering in front of me without a stitch of clothing?
“Heartbreak grass.”
“John, where is our next port of call?” Sherlock asked not breaking his gaze as it bored into John’s eyes.
I smile as I take the package from him. “Yes, isn’t though.”
John gagged again and looked up at Sherlock and Clare. “The smell of the Golem?”
Once they were inside the vehicle, Sherlock did some quick calculations on his phone, then pulled a red leather case from his jacket, filled up a syringe and pushed it with one gentle thrust into John’s neck. Sighing he threw his phone out the window.
“Sherlock what are you doing? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you clean,” Mrs. Hudson says as she looks to the left to recall an incident that both of us knows never occurred.
Sherlock plucked it from her hands, studying at it, then he looked up. “This is not just any rotor cipher. It is the most valuable cipher in the world.”
John opened his eyes. He was lying down. Lights flew past him.
Sherlock lay in bed listening to John’s breathing patterns as he slept. The gentle snore was evidence of John’s slight case of sleep apnea; however Sherlock didn’t mind. The funny little whistle that escaped John’s lips comforted him; it was as if to say nothing had changed. Everything was okay. Sherlock reached over and kissed John’s bare shoulder. Normally John would have muttered in his sleep, or at the most looked up into Sherlock’s face with that shy sweet smile; however, this time John’s body stiffened as he quickly rolled over to face Sherlock.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Drama Queen.”
“Yes, but it wasn’t until I thought you were dead that I acknowledged my true feelings. I was put on administrative leave and spent time in a mental facility.”
Sherlock frowned. “John, I don’t think the name of this place is the Bates Motel.”
I nod, then look past him at the two-way glass that blankets a portion of the room. I can still see the dragon in its depths. “Yes, I’ve saved everyone, well almost everyone.” Before he has a chance to question me, I leave, anxious to be above ground once more.
“To Baker Street, my love…Now, take your medicine.”
Irene and Laura clapped their hands together and Mycroft looked smug. Sherlock ignored them watching the sun glint off of John’s golden hair. “You’re wrong Doctor Dunkle,” he thought,” I may be dark but somehow an angel found me.”
I gasp, jerking the straw back. “Hmm, where is the cherry? I must find it.” Anderson’s face flushes first then it turns white as my fingers search for the cherry. “Ah, there it is,” I say as I pull the cherry back and pop it into my mouth.
Sherlock’s eyes looked so wise and sad that John swallowed. “Whatever you say John darling, I am just repeating something Irene told me.”
“Sherlock, carry me up. Will you?” John’s voice made the hairs on the back of Sherlock’s neck stand on end. “That is if you’re not too tired.”
Then he watched as John’s heat flushed face turned white when a spasm racked his body.
Clare make a noise that Sherlock supposed was Clare’s form of laughing. “No, I wasn’t going to surrender my sword, however, John convinced me by holding a knife at my throat. Basically, he threatened to kill me in a slow tortuous way unless I did as your captors suggested.” Clare stared at Sherlock with irritation. “So, here we are.”
John folded his arms across his chest. “Now, how in the world did you come up with that?”
I draw the crop back to my left ear and strike Anderson’s ass checks a few times, then I aim higher. Other than a sharp intake of breath, he doesn’t utter a sound. I can see his rib cage struggling to expand. His breath is coming in short gasps.
Mrs. Hudson laughs. “Oh, Sherlock what are you up to now? Clean your own kitchen. I’m not your housekeeper. Also, if John is bringing a baby home he would never bring it here.”
I look at you. My focus comes back, but with it so does the battlefield. I close my eyes, allowing the analytical side of my brain to squelch the sights and sounds that have no bearing on the situation. We sit together in silence, letting the fear and pain of the environment wash over us. It’s you a me against the world and we will prevail.
Anxious to change the subject, John gestured towards Hugh, “He really is quite good, too good for cruise ship entertainment.”
The atmosphere becomes tinged with a lustful, flirtatious energy and my face heats up. Our waiter shows up just in time. With relief, I order. The meal takes forever and I pick at my food when it arrives.
John smiled happily at Sherlock, “Well, how do you feel about beer?”
Clare’s lips turned up in an attempt to smile. “I’ve heard that in the past you and your companion John Watson have had dealings with a Golem.”
John waited for me outside of the door and together we made our way back to the panic room. I changed into my robe and then entered the section of the room where John sat on the couch.
John twirled the chair around with Elsa in his lap, heedless of the stares they were attracting. After a few twirls John stopped and looked into Elsa’s blue eyes, “Elsa,” he said as she leaned in towards him, “I’m totally devoted to Sherlock.”
“I detect no poison, blunt trauma to head or neck, the larynx is engorged with roast beef but not crushed.” I state as Anderson watches me.
“What?” John snapped.
Sharon wept at the foot of his bed at the anguish that John was suffering and when the Doctor came in and told Sharon that it was possible that John would never walk again, she wept once more.  A few weeks later John was released from the hospital with a grim diagnosis, as to whether he would be able to use his legs again and as Sharon wheeled John from the hospital she said, “John, why don’t you let me tell him?”
Elsa ignored the tone of self-pity in John’s voice, “John, hurry I’m frightened.” She said and then the phone went dead.
The days go by and I am in full use of my 7% solution. It is getting hard to find a vein. You dearest John come and go. I hardly notice. I am in the proverbial, ‘zone’.  Mrs. Hudson knows something is up and so I avoid her at all costs. I refuse all the cases put before me. I would rather stay within the confines of my mindpalace where I am safe. My sex drive is diminished. I feel numb. Until I hear the water in the shower running and I think of you, the water cascading over your short, thick thighs, over your arms, the wound in your shoulder, the nest of hair between your legs, your lovely manhood resting like an egg, dormant, waiting for me.
I swear as a flashing blue light reflects in one of my mirrors. “Good luck, catching me,” I think as I ditch the copper.
Laura sneezed and Irene wrinkled her nose when the smell of rot and mildew reached their nostrils. “God, what a stench,” Mycroft said pulling a handkerchief from his pocket.
John flushed under her intense scrutiny and asked awkwardly, “The chapel seems so lovely, may I go in it?”
Sherlock sighed heavily and then wheeled John around to face him, “John…it’s not that, it’s just that I don’t have a lot of experience in well you know…the bedroom.”
I like the way his hands rest on my hips as he says, “Come on, Sherlock, you look fine. We’ve got a dinner reservation so come on.”
I look into your eyes. “No,” I whisper.
When they finally reached the top of the mountain, John’s neck and jaw ached from clenching his teeth. As John looked down at the valley below them he fully expected to see hordes of  demons poised and ready to kill, however all there was in the valley were three horsemen. John glared over at the Shaman in annoyance, “There are just three horsemen there, so this should be easy right?”
“Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson chides.
“Open it,” Mycroft orders.
“Fuck, Sherlock, you can undo me without a touch,” he cries out as his body tightens.
Lestrade cleared his throat, “Well, thanks for taking the case, Sherlock; it’s for a close friend he wanted it handled discretely so I wanted the best, the best detective. Well, I’ll e mail you the details…” Lestrade waited for an acknowledgement from Sherlock and after a few moments of silence he cleared his throat again as he said, “Right, then I’ll see you later.”
When Sherlock looked around, finally noticing his surroundings, it was dusk outside. “Molly, Mrs. Hudson, I’m off to see John.”
Sherlock stared at John in incomprehension. “John, I am so confused, I don’t know what to think.”
“Because you’re the minion.”
John chewed the inside of his mouth as he avoided Sherlock’s gaze. “I’m fine.”
“I want you to give it to me.”
“Sherlock, I’m going to come,” he shouts out.
Sherlock’s eyes teared up and he looked away. “I miscalculated his devotion for me and my mistake has cost us both. I just wanted to keep him safe, you know?”
John then took a deep breath and dived underneath the water and as John’s mouth closed on an erogenous spot, Sherlock leaned his head back and let the tears fall. “John, my warrior, my love, my friend, “Sherlock thought as more tears cascaded down his face.
Sherlock whipped around to look at Laura. “Did you know about the destruction of the camp?”
He smiled. “John, meet your daughter—Rosie.”
John looked down at the scout in resentment of the interruption of his trip down memory lane, “What is it? John asked harshly.
John smiled back mockingly at Sherlock, “Sure, I would love to meet your grandmother.”
Later that night as Sherlock and John slept soundly in each other’s arms, a woman in a dark cloak delivered a small black orchid in a plastic container. Kissing the top of the lid she read the card in satisfaction. It read:
Sherlock felt the blood drain from his face as he bravely forced out the words, “What sacrifice?”
Though Sherlock was trying to be gentle, his attempts were clumsy as his shaking hands removed John’s clothing. Like an inexperienced lover Sherlock moved quickly, desperate to physically penetrate John.
“I swear if that condescending prick, says one more derogatory thing,” The waiter trailed off when he saw Sherlock.
John smiled and took the meager rations gratefully, for Sherlock beamed with pride at the fact that he actually found something for John to eat. Once John finished a few crackers and the tea he fished a pain pill out of his pocket, as Sherlock ran around behind him, pushing his chair back in the sitting room. “God, I’m exhausted,” John thought as he struggled to maintain equilibrium between the pain and his normal countenance, for he didn’t want Sherlock to see him grimace as he fought for control.
John leaned back his head and groaned. “Oh, for god’s sake what’s in it?”
“Okay, have it your way tough guy.” Jake laughed.
You put both palms on the side of my face. “Sherlock, I’m not suggesting a tawdry encounter with Anderson as our play thing. I’m suggesting a relationship between the three of us.” I am stunned. You laugh. “Sherlock, I do believe you are speechless. There is a lot to consider. Are the three of us compatible and of course Alice must come first. I want her to have a stable home environment.”
Irene made a clucking noise with her tongue as she smiled at Mycroft. “So, you do care for your little brother.”
“Mycroft, get in here.”
“Well,” Sherlock began, “you sit back in this part like a chair.”
Sherlock could feel panic and anger building up in his chest. He was going to lose it any minute. In order to keep himself in check, Sherlock spewed out the first thing that came to his mind. “Well, at least I’m not dark like you. Don’t think that the word ‘dunkle’ escapes me. It means dark in German. That’s what you are, a dark evil person and evil never triumphs.”
Sherlock cocked his head to the side like a puppy as he looked over at John. “John, I have no idea what you’re talking about and just for your information I am a high functioning sociopath not a psychopath.”
John collapsed beside Sherlock as Sherlock lightly rubbed his fingers across John’s face. John closed his eyes and smiled. “Sherlock, that feels so good. You know how I love to feel your fingers across my skin. They are so soft and yet I can feel the calluses on the ends of your fingertips from your violin playing. I revel in the contrast, you know?”
Sherlock looked skeptical. “It sounds like the Biblical legend that speaks of the four men of the apocalypse.”
Sherlock was awakened by a shriek and the sound of shattering glass. John was already out of bed in his robe, with sword in hand.
“Hell, no, I’m the better dancer. It will look much better if I lead.”
John’s giggles segued into moans as Sherlock explored.
John interrupted Sherlock. “Rest, Doctor’s orders and I will lay here thinking of a way for you to pay me back.”
John’s body shuddered in pleasure, when he lowered himself into Sherlock, his insides, engulfing them both in warm moist flesh.
Sherlock frowned. “Whatever are you prattling on about, John?”
Sherlock took his hand, commanding attention. “No, John, I mean we.”
John smiled and thought to himself, “Of course it is.”
John walked over and stood between Lestrade and Sherlock. “For God’s sake leave him alone, Lestrade. It’s just a couple of gang members, so who cares?” John looked down at the biscuit he was eating and smiled. “Sherlock, remind me to compliment Mrs. Hudson on these biscuits when we get home. I swear they are the best I’ve ever had.” John brushed some crumbs off his shirt looking from Sherlock to Lestrade. “What are you both staring at?”
I stand in silence at the end of his bed. I read his chart, wincing at the extent of the injuries. You will be in pain for a while, you will have to wear a temporary colostomy bag, not to mention the psychological effects of such an attack and it’s all my fault.
I ignore her, continuing to look through the cupboards.
John would have laughed at Sherlock’s use of the acronym, ‘JIZ’, but he too far gone, his hips pumping so that he could slide further down into his husband’s warm oral cavity.
Sherlock remembered that he had often become irritated with John because he was so solicitous during their previous bondage games. “For God’s sake John, stop talking and get on with it,” Sherlock had growled at John in the past.
John stood behind Sherlock as the cameras blinded them both, after a few shots, John excused himself on the pretense of a special engagement. As he moved past Sherlock, Sherlock lightly touched his arm and even though his touch was light, it felt as if John’s arm had caught fire, as he put his hand over the place in an attempt to memorize the feeling of Sherlock’s touch on his arm. John looked through the crowd and waved as he spotted Sharon. Before he made his way over to where Sharon waited for him, John spared one more backwards glance at Sherlock. Sherlock caught his eye and even though he was being swallowed up by the crowd, Sherlock maintained eye contact with John as long as he could.
Irene appeared to pout. “Mycroft you’re such an old fuddy duddy. Laura wouldn’t they all three make such wonderful pets? Sherlock and Mycroft could pull John around in a little cart. We could share them between us.” She stood up and winked at John. “Let’s go inside.”
John woke up with a feeling something was not quite right. He then smiled when he recalled their love making session from last night. His sexy Sherlock had been reduced to a quivering mass of passion. Just the thought of him naked, his pale white skin covered with a sheen of sweat made John sigh.
He sighs, then turns to leave. I stop him. “Mycroft, I need my phone. I need to know if they’re okay.”
John walked him to the door,” Uh Sherlock, I hope you’re not embarrassed.”
My words are slurred. “We?” My heart leaps in my chest. There you are-John. Your face is pale, your eyes puffy. “Jesus, you are beautiful, John,” I think as I smile at you.
When Sherlock didn’t come down after a prolonged time, Mycroft hurried down the hall to Sherlock’s room, the bed was empty, the bathroom was empty, Mycroft went into Sherlock’s room once more, looked in the closet and for just a moment his mind traveled back to a time when he and Sherlock were children where games of hide and seek were the activity of the day, Sherlock laughing as he ran down the hall with Redbeard, his hair flowing behind him in a mass of unruly curls. Mycroft blinked and the ghosts faded leaving him with the grim task of getting the key to the room from Mrs. Hudson.
She sets down the tea tray and smiles. “That’s nice, I’m happy for the three of you but please open a window and clean up in here. It smells a bit musky.” Then she smiles again and leaves.
John shrugged looked over at Clare and leaned back against the seat. No one said a word until they arrived at China Town. The cabbie seemed relieved to be rid of them and drove off so quickly the cab’s tires squealed against the pavement. Once they were alone John and Clare each took a deep breath, looked at each other, and began to head deeper into the dark recesses of China Town. Sherlock hurried after them, feeling like a small child trying to keep up with his older siblings. They only had gone a few feet when a dark figure loomed out in front of them.
“Yes, the very one.”
“Yes, I’m ready to save the world.” Then I close my eyes, anticipating the feel of metal into flesh.
John laughed. “Sherlock, trust me I’m a Doctor. Although it does get me off when you beg.”
“John, what is it?” Sherlock asked in concern.
“The horse is fine and it’s not your fault that we’re running behind. Okay, well maybe it is, but no matter we are still ahead of the meet. We’ll just have to press on,” Sherlock said as he reached for John’s wrist.
Sherlock held John closer. “That is a troubling dream; however it’s alright I will always be with you.” Sherlock whispered as he ran his hands through John’s hair.
John laughed and then winced as the vibrations rattled through his head. “Well, Sherlock since you’ve already blown your cover we may as well sleep in.”
After she left John laughed as he pinched the skin on the bridge of his nose. “She really is a piece of work. Now Sherlock whatever would possess you to make a deal with Laura. What did she promise you?”
The next morning Sherlock shook John awake. “John, I got a text from Lestrade, there’s been a murder in China town, and John the only witness told the police that the murderer was a giant.”
I surprise myself when I speak first. “He sacrificed himself for me. Everyone does that at some point, don’t they? Be the hero. Save Sherlock. I abused him in every sense of the word and now he is going to die.”
“Doctor Watson, can you hear me? The surgery went fine.”
By the time he was done Sherlock was laughing uncontrollably and then just like that Sherlock began to respond to John’s gentle touch. At first Sherlock fought against John’s attempts to arouse him for he was humiliated by his lack of performance earlier in the evening and then a familiar stirring in his groin made Sherlock’s heart beat faster, made his brow sweat, made the thoughts in his normally structured mind turn chaotic, made his body strain with need, as he felt the uncomfortable tension, soon to be replaced with mind-numbing desire, followed by a release so intense that Sherlock felt as if he were going to lose consciousness and then everything that was dry became moist and everything that hurt became whole as Sherlock shuttered in John’s arms.
Anderson raises an eyebrow. “Just intriguing?”
“Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes, can you hear me?” A voice asked shinning a flashlight into Sherlock’s blown pupils. “Where’s this kid’s family? We’re losing him. Fuck. Someone find out what was in that syringe. We have a code blue, code blue…”
Anderson looks at me and smiles. I shudder.
You chuckle. “Well, I don’t fancy getting arrested for giving you a hand job in public.”
He smiled, then reached out and straightened John’s collar. “Very much so.”
Sherlock struggled to prevent himself from weeping as he lay in John’s arms. “SSh, it’s okay,” John soothed. “Don’t worry about me I can take care of myself. You just lay back and enjoy the sensation,” John whispered as he licked behind Sherlock’s ear.
Anderson hands them over without a fight. The ride back is dangerous and wild. I take risks. I expect Anderson to dig his hands into me, pinch my nipples or scream at me to stop. He does none of these things. His arms gently encircle my waist and he burrows his head into my neck, much like Redbeard would do at a trip to the vet. Against my will I am touched.
I lay helpless under his sexual ministrations, gasping with pleasure. It has been so long since I have felt another’s touch. Too long. Tears run down my face as I gasp, releasing in my pants. I whimper in embarrassment and discomfort. Anderson shows no mercy as he finishes what he started. Transfixed I watch as he rubs the front of his own trousers. His eyes never lose contact with mine. I watch as his eyes widen and his head snaps back.
“A very poisonous herb from the East.”
Sherlock disengaged his hand from John’s and began to pace around the room. “Nothing will befall you John, I won’t let it.”
Sherlock lost focus when he looked down at his husband.
“Get you clothes off, now, then down on all fours.”
“Sssh,” Anderson soothes. “John, will be back soon.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock snapped shaking his head. “Mycroft, give me a boost so that I can climb up on that metal cabinet over there.”
“First, help me unload the supplies from the car.”
John whirled around with dread for the last thing he wanted to do was to see someone from his past especially the snub nosed man that stood in from of him.
“Sorry, John, we’ve got to hurry, for I’ve…we’ve got a potential client coming to Baker Street and I want you and me to review the details of the case together before we take it.” Sherlock replied breathlessly as he wheeled John into a small office.
I walk out of St. Bart’s with the knowledge that I will fake my death. A part of me hopes it will break your heart as you have done mine.
“No, you’ll have to rustle us up something in the kitchen.”
As the pre-dawn chill filled the cave, Sherlock snuggled closer to John. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and sighed. “My poor Sherlock you are shaking with cold.” John said as he pulled Sherlock closer. After a few more seconds of shivering, John got up and stretched,” My poor Sherlock is freezing, so I am going to build a lovely fire and then back to the trail okay?”
Your face is white and for a moment I fear you have been shot too. Then you reach up to pull me down. Dearest John you are too late. A bullet nicks my collar bone, separating a section of my wool coat, flesh fills the once clothed area, blood sprays onto my neck as I sink to the ground. If an artery’s hit, I will be dead in seconds. You cover my wound with your surgeon’s hands. “Sherlock keep your eyes fixed on me, focus goddammit.” You say. I smile at the irony of your command. ‘Juxtaposition,’ is the last word that goes through my mind.
We settle on a small place around the corner. The food choices are extensive and I watch you and Anderson over the top of my menu.
Nina smiled and signed, “Oh, Sherlock, you forgot? Well, no matter, my publicist will clue us both in.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, coming around John’s chair, so that his pelvis was hidden from view. “Alan Turing created a cipher that couldn’t be broken, realizing its potential it was rumored that the British Government destroyed it.”
Anderson looks at the ceiling and chuckles. “You are such a morbid beast. I tried to hang myself.”
Anderson takes shelter behind his menu. I pounce on him like a tiger. “I mean this place looks expensive and it’s not as if you’re going to get lucky. You’re a fool, Anderson.”
Donovan sighs, “God, you’re such a pervert, getting off on this stuff.”
Anderson then reaches out and takes my hand to inspect his work. My heart hammers in my chest as his fingers graze mine. He intakes a sharp breath of air and then releases my hand. “Good night, Sherlock,” he says and then hops on his motorcycle and is gone.
I concentrate on the soothing sounds of your voice. When I no longer struggle for air I look up at you. “What happened?” I ask.
“Well, well it looks like someone is happy to see someone,” Mary says as she winks at me.
Sherlock flew over to the woman’s side, wondering where Laura was. He stood before the woman, then licked his lips. “I’m Sherlock Holmes.”
“You smoked a whole bowl by yourself?”
Sherlock paled as he scooted forward in his chair. He let go of John’s hand as he whispered. “What’s her name.”
When the Doctor noticed that it was Sherlock, he just nodded and said, “Okay, hold on Mister Holmes, the patient has to rest.”
You frown. “Sherlock, be serious for once.”
We duck into an alley. “Hurry, John,” I say as I drag you along behind me. When your hand encloses around mine, I shiver, but not from the cold. We enter the den. The dregs of society lay on dirty mattresses. Their hopes and dreams destroyed by the pipe and the needle. I should be repulsed. I am not. I crave a fix. I can hear our pursuers. They are almost upon us.
“So, Doctor Watson is a daddy?”
Sherlock shook John awake.”John, it’s okay, you’re safe.” Sherlock murmured as he stroked John’s forehead. John’s eyes flew open and they were full of terror. “Ssh,” Sherlock cooed. “What is it?” Sherlock asked softly.
Sherlock looked uncomfortable and then continued on. “John, the trip may be arduous. I’m afraid it will be too much for you.”
John grinned. “Of course, you will, you’re the world’s greatest consulting detective.”
“A personal blog? You mean like a diary? That sounds a little girly.”
Sherlock scooted closer, putting his hand in the waistband of John’s trousers. “Oh, yes my dear Doctor, we are going to do plenty of that but we are also going to dance. We will take the dance floor by storm, you and I.”
“Yes.” He answers, shivering when my fingers arrive at their destination.
Mycroft sat down at the edge of the bed. “Where’s Sherlock?”
John smiled and replied, “I knew the way you were going that your performance was going to disappoint you, no longevity, you know poof gone.”
John sighed. “I got in late and I didn’t want to disturb you.”
After you are done seeing to Anderson, you turn to me. “Alright you, I’m going to check his sutures and bag. You can leave now and give us some privacy.”
I sit up and then tear off the covers. “So, I did hurt you?” I ask as I inspect you for damage.
John glanced over to where Sherlock was struggling to remain upright.
“I need something to clarify my thinking. Get me some.”
“Sherlock are you alright?” John asked.
“Are you hungry?” I ask.
Sherlock clapped his hands together, “Well, that settles it then. After the snow stops we will start home.”
Sherlock attempted to concentrate on Irene’s words but memories bombarded the present until he no longer saw or observed the others, only the others from his past seemed real now. “I remember,” Sherlock thought. “I remember you all. You were all so brave.” Then his mind shut down and carried him back, back to the day his parents checked him into The Thames Hospital for Children.
“Then why didn’t you treat him better?”
He took John deeper into the back of his throat. “Come on, John, come for me. I want to drink your JIZ.”
I hear Mrs. Hudson greeting Mycroft. I wait until he enters the room, then before he can go on the defensive I ask him, “Did we have a sister?”
Wiggin’s eyes bugged out a bit further than usual. “Ow, you big liar, you did too.”
I grin, not ready to see sadness mar her delicate features again. “Oh, so that’s how it is? You know Irene showed me a trick or two with the riding crop. You could use it on me, while I…”
Sherlock laughed as his hands moved deeper into the folds of John’s robe. “It’s elementary, John. I’ve studied you from top to bottom. The way your skin heats us when I do this,” Sherlock whispered as he rubbed John’s earlobe. “Or the way your pulse quickens when I place your body here,” Sherlock said as he moved John’s hips in between his thighs. “Or the way you moan when I place my lips here….,” Sherlock said as he gravitated towards John’s pleasure center.
John handed Rosie over to Molly, then traced another errant tear that had squeezed out of a duct and down his face. “You have such beautiful cheek bones, Irene was right about that. Sherlock, I would never leave Baker Street. Why would I? It’s home. You’re family and family sticks together, right?”
“Where the hell is she?” John asked aloud. When no one answered him he continued on. “At least she could do is show up on time. It’s cold and damp.”
Laura smiled and looked over at John and Sherlock as she said, “I’ll leave you two alone to discuss my agreement. Oh and should your conversation lead to pleasures of a more carnal nature remember to keep hydrated John.”
You laugh, then your expression sobers. “I’m proud of you, Sherlock. You’ve shown a great deal of restraint through all this.” I nod, then move past you. “Sherlock, wait a minute.” I pause. “I think we should get Anderson out of the house. I know he’ll be back to work in a couple of weeks, but he seems depressed.”
Mycroft held John’s gaze. “I have to find him. I know where some of his bolt holes are.”
“Don’t be. I knew what I was getting into when I allowed you to worm your way inside my soul. I miss you. I hated you for the longest time, but who am I to judge? How can I know the lifetime of stress and regret that you must have let overwhelm your fragility—the fragility of genius. I can’t imagine how you felt that day on the rooftop. I can only guess. But I’ll tell you one thing.”
“Molly, I’m sorry I can’t give you more.”
Sherlock grinned up at John and John’s chest actually hurt as he let himself drift away in the depths of Sherlock’s perfect blue-green eyes. “He is everything to me and he loves me. Then why am I so afraid of losing him?” John thought in anguish.
Sherlock looked down at the ground, tracing the stones of the training area with his foot. “No, I want to keep the smell with me. You know how I like your special fragrance,” Sherlock said as he tried to look bored.
“Sounds like a real bastard, must be a Doctor,” John thought as he lost consciousness again.
John twisted from one side to another. “Get me out of this chair. I need to go to him.” After Mycroft helped him to the ground, John stared at Sherlock’s supine form. He was curled in a half circle, with one hand over his face, like a cat taking a nap. “Sherlock,” he whispered while he took his pulse. “Thank god, its strong.”
Wiggins smiled. “Well, it appears that we will be taking a rest, which was all part of my plan.”
Sherlock and John looked at each other and answered in unison, “Yes.”
You do as I request. I let the music float over me. I feel your gloved hand on my waist. “Sherlock, I’m going to put some lubricant on the…the area, it will be cold.”
John looked over at Sherlock and laughed, “Is this some joke of yours?”
John’s comment drew a couple of stares and a snicker, which John totally ignored as he looked up at Sherlock’s flustered face.
Sherlock wrapped a scarf around his neck as he ran on deck to meet John. John was standing on the deck looking out at the skyline of New York City and Sherlock noted with sorrow that his face looked troubled. “Well, I must put a stop to that immediately,” Sherlock thought as he wrapped his arms around John’s waist and kissed him on the neck.
“Sherlock, my ghost, you keep me from being alone.”
John smiled deeply into Sherlock’s eyes and for a moment he was the same old, faithful John. Sherlock smiled back. Everything was going to be okay, wasn’t it? John nodded a silent yes to reassure Sherlock.
Sherlock and Jake trailed behind the rest of the party and Sherlock for the first time ever appeared to be at a disadvantage in this world. “What am I without my intellect and observation powers?” Sherlock thought dismally as he walked beside Jake.
John caught Sherlock’s hand in his own. “There is something else I am craving, even more than rest. In fact, I…”
“Excellent deduction, John.” Then he walked over and sat down on the step next to Molly. “He already adores her. I don’t understand.”
John looked back at Sherlock’s scowling face and cheerfully bounded over to him. “Sherlock, this place is great, isn’t it? Are your allergies acting up again?” John asked in concern as Sherlock sneezed again.
Wiggins toasted him with a wine bottle. “Well, here’s hoping for black.”
“No.” Then you pin me to the ground. I turn away but you force me to look at you. “Oh god, Sherlock, I’ve missed you.” I rest my head on your shoulder, while we both weep. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock looked up at John with tears in his eyes, “John, what are you talking about?”
“It’s in here,” he whispered and pulled a flashlight from within the folds of his coat. Without a word John wheeled closer and laid a hand on his arm. Sherlock enjoyed the touch for a moment or two, then proceeded forward.
He looked up at him, brushing away a stray tear. “It’s bloody cold out here. It’s making my eyes water.”
Heedless to the other occupants in the helicopter, Sherlock leaned forward and ruffled a curl of damp hair behind John’s ear. Mycroft rolled his eyes as John looked back at Sherlock with sleepy bedroom eyes.
John frowned as he spoke to the Shaman, “So, if they aren’t fully generated wouldn’t they be less powerful?”
“Sherlock, that is beautiful. I’ve never heard you play it before,” You say in wonder.
“John, I assure you I was hard at work. Very hard, in fact one time I was jerking myself off under the table while you sat in your chair and sometimes I would sneak into your room at night just to watch you sleep. I remember there were times that I hurt I wanted you so bad.”
Anderson’s lips twist into a sad lopsided smile. “It’s my first name.”
“The black.” Then he went to a cupboard and put on a black lab coat. “Come Wiggins, we have a potion to concoct.”
Elsa smiled again and said, “You are so much more pleasant than I expected you to be, Doctor Watson.”
Prague is a wonderful city; its dark spires fit my mood perfectly. I pull my scarf tighter around my neck, smiling as I think of you. “Drama Queen, that’s what you would call me,” I think as I torture myself with memories of you.
She avoided his eyes. “No, not exactly.”
You sit down next to me on the bed. “Sherlock, let’s not talk about this now.” I shake my head, then take a bite of biscuit, letting the taste of it fill my mouth. “Jesus, you make tea and biscuits so sexy.”
John smiled sadly, “Yes, Godspeed.”
Once we are seated he turns to me. “It’s wonderful isn’t it?”
John shivered and didn’t doubt that Laura was correct. “I wonder if she’s the anti-Christ?” John thought as he looked into the seductive depths of her eyes. After a few moments John looked away and Laura laughed again.
He pulls his knees up to his chest. “What do you want me to say?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. Then a nurse came up. “Mr. Watson, we’re putting you under.”
Without a word Anderson walks over and sits on the bench. His eyes take on a faraway look. He then looks down and begins to play, the Adagio from Beethoven’s Emperor Concerto. Each note breaks through my emotional barriers. His playing is wondrous. My eyes fill with tears. I hear Beethoven, but I see John, I see Mary, I see Redbeard, I see the Woman, I see everything I have loved and or lost. I want to tell him to stop, but I am transfixed by the beauty and pain of the music. I am mute, rendered powerless, unable to disarm him with sarcasm or cruelty. I want to shout that he is the cruel one for making me feel, but I cannot. I have allowed him to get under my skin, the fly in the genius of my ointment.
Sherlock’s grandma nodded, “It was your grandfather’s and I have a local violinist come and play it and tune it once a month. He is skilled, but nothing compared to you and your grandfather.”
“It’s alright, Sherlock, I was already here.”
As the woman took off the rest of John’s clothes, he no longer seemed to be shy or inhibited as positioned himself on top of her. Sherlock watched curiously for a few moments, and then he undid his own pants, for he was starting to stick to the moisture that built up inside and beaded out in small drops on his hand. As John, pushed himself deeper and deeper, inside the woman, Sherlock could tell he was enjoying every minute, and suddenly the idea of a three way didn’t seem to be such a good idea anymore and as Sherlock approached the bed he had no idea where he fit in. The main goal had been to distract John so that Sherlock could inject him with the drug. However, Sherlock just stood there like an idiot, his shirt was still on, naked from the waist down, just staring at his erection.
Mycroft levels his gaze at John. “He’s going to rehab. We can’t trust him. I thought we agreed on this John.”
I don’t move. I hear him splashing through the muck to rescue me. Without a thought about his own comfort, John throws himself beside me. He rolls me over. “Sherlock, Sherlock, please be alright.”
Sherlock then rolled over and stood up. It was time to visit the room at the top of the stairs. It was a dark room. A room that held secrets, a room that caressed Sherlock’s mind. A room where Sherlock could calm the internal dialogue that made his thoughts race like a locomotive. It was a room where he could rest. It was a room where Sherlock banished boredom and fear. Before he knew it Sherlock was at the top of the stairs. “I’m almost there,” he thought. Then Sherlock opened the door. The smell of mold and dry rot assailed his nostrils. Sherlock ignored it as he crawled over to the fireplace and removed a small red leather Moroccan case.
I look up into your blue eyes and I want to beg you to stay in bed with me but instead I just look away and say, “Whatever, John, you know it makes no difference to me.”
John nodded again, “Uh haw.”
“Sherlock, I love you,” John whispered as he caressed the side of Sherlock’s face. “Come on Detective, let’s go home.”
I am furious. What kind of game is he playing? “Yes, it matters, or don’t you know the rest of the piece?”
Sherlock stared at John and felt wobbly when John didn’t break eye contact. As a group of children rushed by Sherlock, he lost his balance and fell into John’s lap.
A few hours later, Sherlock drowsily lay in John’s arms as John told Sherlock what had transpired the night before. After he was done with his story, Sherlock tried in vain to be just a scientific data receptacle, but the burn of John’s touch still had his senses tingling, so all he said was, “John, since my cover was blown anyway, I am not leaving your side for a second. I couldn’t bear it if something were to take you from me.”
“Who’s that again?”
Lestrade grimaces. “Oh, right would you two stop. We’ve got a case to solve. Focus, now.”
“What the hell is going on here?” Sherlock asked, attempting to keep the fear out of his voice.
I smile. “Why, Lestrade your vocabulary is improving. Maybe we should have a spelling contest.”
These thoughts and others swirl around in my mind. I flag down a cab to take me to Anderson’s flat.
“Ow, what is it? I was just going to read an interesting article.”
It is time to check out of the hospital. John is by my side, wheeling me out to the parking lot. Mycroft is waiting in the limo. Suddenly, I feel afraid. John, you can see it in my face. Your lips are pursed. You are as upset as I. I remember the look on your face when you first caught me shooting up in the attic, the blue light bulb casting a ghostly glow around the room. I always need blue light to find a vein. Your face was stricken just like it is now.
“The nausea?”
Once they got back to the cabin Sherlock wouldn’t meet John’s eyes as he paced back and forth. “There’s something about this case that’s bothering me John. Something to do with Elsa and Laura, it’s…”
When Mycroft didn’t answer, Sherlock got up and sat next to John. He then took John’s hand in his own as he growled. “Answer him, Mycroft.”
Anderson shakes his head. “No, that’s fine.”
John took the cardigan and slipped it on. “This is a wonderful piece of craftsmanship,” John said as he fingered the sweater.
I look at you, you look back. Mary smiles and takes both of our hands. I entwine my fingers through yours and then hers. For a moment I grasp them tightly, unwilling to leave the safety of the Opera House-our sanctuary.
John flushed as Sherlock’s scent filled his nostrils. “Well, I can see that I am going to have to educate you on the classics.”
As they disembarked, Sherlock spotted a limo that hovered on the fringes of the private landing strip like an ocean predator. Mycroft went down to meet the black, long sleek vehicle while Sherlock wheeled John over where it sat waiting to whisk its inhabitants into its cavernous interior.
“John, do you think God is in this world or for that manner any world?” Sherlock asked softly.
“John, your talent for mimicry aside, please, please just shut up,” Sherlock said as he covered John’s mouth with his kisses. Usually, Sherlock’s kisses were firm and demanding, but this time they were half lip half tongue, which tickled John’s nostrils as Sherlock licked around the outside of his nose.
Lestrade pats my shoulder. I am grateful that he doesn’t offer ineffective platitudes.
Sherlock looked past her painted black nails clicking against the counter to a room in the back.   “I need to speak to Angela.”
I stare down at the bathroom tiles. “So, I was repulsive then?”
Sherlock stood up and walked over and pressed his body up against John’s, “Bigger problems than this?” Sherlock whispered as he moved his body to where John could feel the hardness between his legs. As John struggled to control himself, Sherlock reveled in John’s discomfort. John looked at Sherlock in disbelief and hissed, “You little piss ant, I will deal with you later.”
I stop laughing as Anderson’s fingers trail along my bare shoulders. “I cried for two weeks straight, after I thought you jumped.”
“Is this for me?” John asked as he began to laugh.
I huddle in a cold waiting room, along with Lestrade. I look down at the ground, pulling my coat around my blood-soaked shirt. His blood, my shirt. The stiffness of the material scratches against my skin, like rats working to claw their way free from a trap.
John shook his head. “It appears that we are to rot down here.”
Sherlock stood closer to John and was about to answer, when a ship’s photographer with an iPhone took a picture of them both. “Oh no, I can’t be seen with you. I mean you’re famous and my fiancée would never understand.” John said frantically.
The anger in your eyes fades; once again I am vindicated by just the slight upturn of your lips. I must cut you off. “What are you doing here? Wasn’t my note clear enough for you and why would you show it to Mary? Leave me,” I say as I shrink back to the corner of the bed. “How did you find me anyway? I’m on a mission.”
You sigh and sit down beside me on the bed. Your gaze intensifies as you smooth a lock of damp hair from my forehead. “Sherlock, you know once an addict, always an addict.”
Sherlock picked his way through the debris that littered the hallway until they reached a dark room at the end of the corridor. He stopped and took a deep breath. Only the crunch of John’s wheels on the broken glass kept Sherlock from running.
Sherlock stopped and looked at John quizzically, “John, we both know you will say yes, so I am just saving us both some time.”
“Oh…” John whispered.
“Especially the Queen,” Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock ran his mouth around the outside of John’s ear and then whispered, “Yes, Doctor, you are so clever. It does have more than one use and if you are very good I will show you tonight under the stars.”
Days pass, Mary’s urn comes home to rest and with each passing day I can feel you slipping away from me. I don’t know how to stop it. I don’t know how to keep you close. I don’t know how to comfort you for I am grieving myself. So, it is no surprise when one day you come to me and say, “Sherlock, if you don’t mind I’m going back to sleep in my own room. It’s just that I’m having trouble sleeping and I don’t want to disturb you.”
John looked around him and Sherlock’s hotel room. It was a mess. John’s boxers hung from a curtain rod. His shirt and pants lay in opposite directions along with his socks and shoes.
Sherlock sighed and then urged the horse on. John was getting too smart for his own good. They were nearing their destination when Sherlock felt John’s body slump against his chest.
John sighed and said gently, “The Doctor said I could resume my full routine of activities. So, what do you think that means?”
I look at Mary in wonder, for with a smile she has dispelled the dark foreshadowing that surrounds my heart. Dearest Mary, what would we ever do without you?
Mycroft maneuvered John’s chair through the dark and the gloom. Its wheels’ ground to a halt just before they reached the entryway of a graffiti covered building. “Are you sure you want to proceed?” Mycroft asked in a soft tone, just loud enough for John to hear.
“It’s bothered me every time I’ve had to put you in danger, Sherlock.”
Clare answered from the corner. “We were ambushed by a group of Golem.”
Sherlock had just come down off a high and his skin was starting to itch. “God, this is maddening,” Sherlock thought as he scratched at his arms until they bled. When Sherlock heard the Shaman and John come through the front door, he quickly pulled down his sleeves and sat quietly in a meditative pose. “Sherlock?” John called as he softly entered the room. Sherlock ignored him and kept up the faux meditation, hoping John would go away. When Sherlock felt someone grab the back of his neck, he yelped in surprise.
“No need. I have pants and a shower at my flat,” I say and then I put on my helmet. It mutes the sounds of the city, would be it could mute the sounds of my brokenness. Only the syringe can take away my despair. “We must get back to Baker Street. I need a fix,” I think as we race through the streets.
“Listen Sherlock, if something should happen I want you to know…”
He laughs. “Very good you are a proper genius.”
John’s face flushed slightly as he joined Sherlock in his booth.  Sherlock stared at John for so long that John felt as if he were going to faint. “Suddenly, I don’t feel hungry anymore, let’s go for a stroll.” John said as his fingers lightly touched Sherlock’s arm.  The heat from John’s touch penetrated through his suit and Sherlock shivered from the effect. Unsteadily, he got to his feet and offered John his arm and then John got up smiled and took Sherlock’s arm with pride. Once they were on the deck John felt jittery as the cold air hit his sweaty body. Sherlock reached out to pull John into his arm and then pulled back shyly. “John, you seem cold. I can hear the dance music starting. Would you…you dance with me?” Sherlock whispered, as he held out his arms.
Sherlock held very still and then in two steps he was across the room. Keeling in front of John, Sherlock gritted his teeth and then said in a low voice. “John, my art exhibit concluded two days ago, and it was successful by the way. The cuckoo clock case has been handed over to an inferior colleague, so that I will be able to prepare for my next case. I would like to have studied the details a bit more, but no matter I can see it needs to be attended to immediately.” Sherlock said as he pulled the brakes forward on John’s wheelchair so hard that the metal sliced into the rubber. In one move Sherlock lifted John out of the chair and said, “John Hamish Watson I am sick of you mooning about how unattractive you are for tonight you will forget about everything and everyone,” Sherlock said as he breathlessly carried John to the bedroom and deposited him on the bed. He then straddled himself over John’s body and looked deeply into his shocked eyes.
John took the small piece of chocolate from him and sniffed it. “You’re turning me into a drug addict.”
“I’m sorry.”
Mycroft sighed. “Can we just get down to business?”
John rolled over to look at Sherlock and thought that Sherlock must either be the cruelest or the most naïve person not to realize the passion he aroused in John with just one glance. Sherlock furrowed his brows together, “John, your pajama top it’s…misshapen…the buttons are all wrong,” Sherlock said as he reached out unbuttoned John’s pajama top, lined up the buttons with their respecting button holes and proceeded to button them one by one. At one point Sherlock hesitantly reached a finger in through an opening and lightly touched John’s chest rubbing his finger over John’s sternum until he gasped and rolled out of the bed, hitting the floor with a loud thump. Like a frightened animal Sherlock scrambled up off the floor and fled the room.
“Fine,” the cabbie said as he reached for his dispatch speaker. “I’ll call an ambulance.”
John laughed. “I remember. I remember it all, Sherlock.”  Sherlock massaged the front of John’s jeans, until he moved his hand away. “Sherlock, I’m on so many pills, I couldn’t get hard if my life depended on it.” Sherlock tried again. “Not even a ghost of a chance, my specter.”
Sherlock was feeling antsy, and bored. John had gone to some meeting about how when the snow drifts cleared a little, they would all play soldier and fight the bad guys. “Who cares if demons come in our world, for after all in the grand scheme of things, weren’t they already there anyway?” Sherlock thought. The way John had come to his rescue so gallantly during the sparing incident, yet again was starting to get on Sherlock’s nerves. “Was he getting tired of John? No never,” Sherlock thought. “Was the sex getting old? No, John was always open to trying new things. So what was it then?” Sherlock mused. A tap on the door relieved Sherlock of the idle thoughts that swirled around in his funny little brain like, fish in a tank. When he opened the door, his drug supplier, the small Asian woman stood at the door smiling at Sherlock. Sherlock looked both ways and invited her in.
John swallowed and thought,
“Sherlock, I’m surprised at you. We call them sex workers,” the woman drawls.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as John’s short, stubby fingers found their target. “Surprised? Why Sherlock you see but do not observe. I am a Doctor and I know exactly what to do with my hands.”
I look over at the speaker in annoyance. “Your attempt at an analogy is sadly lacking. You’re an idiot, don’t speak again. You’ll lower the I.Q. of the whole country.” Then I think of Anderson, you and Alice and my concertation wavers.
John laughed and said, “So you want to hear an old joke? If it’s so beautiful down there…” “What are you doing up here?” Sherlock and John said in unison as they both laughed together.
I keep him on his side by holding his arms in a firm grasp. I don’t want him to further injure his back. “Fuck, Anderson this turns me on. Why did you do it, to impress me?”
“Yes, please,” Anderson and I both answer in unison.
“The key is to a Swiss bank account from a prominent Jewish family. There were no survivors in the immediate family. However, there was a distant one. A woman,” Mycroft said and then paused before he continued, “The Woman.”
John angrily clutched the arm rests of his chair, “He doesn’t even know the extent of my injuries, so how can you even make such a guarantee?”
Sherlock laughed as John crossed his eyes. “John, I want the surprise.”
“No, I know his next target. I just don’t know why. Why?”
The Doctor turned around to say something else to Sherlock, but he was already gone, rushing across the ship to get their room ready for John.
Laura clapped her hands together from the doorway of the tent. “Bravo, you boys are so adorable. Sherlock, have you told John of our plans?”
The Shaman gazed into Sherlock’s eyes, “They have all gone to battle.”
I look down and scuff the floor with the tip of my shoe. “Maybe, but it’s mainly in the interest of science.”
“What?” I ask jerking his head back.
Jake looked over at Clare, “I’m sorry I’m so slow, I feel like I’m dragging you and Rathery down.”
John swallowed, “What initiation?”
I am losing the upper hand. “Stop, with all this emotional foreplay. I don’t need you to tell me these things. Oh, and I only bottom for John so prepare to be fucked hard and fast because that’s how he likes it.” My hands shake as I grab a condom and a packet of lube. Anderson lays quietly beneath me. Waiting. “You’re only getting enough prep so that you don’t scream loud enough to wake the whole neighborhood. Got it?”
The Shaman looked at Sherlock with his opaque blue eyes, “Sherlock, the plague horse has entered your world. The city you call London is in a panic as thousands die from the Black Death.”
In two strides Anderson is across the room, he locks the door and then slams me up against the wall. “Don’t do that. I don’t like it.” Grabbing my hair, Anderson begins to kiss me in a most impure manner. He then takes the heel of his palm and rubs my crotch until I cry out. The room swirls around as black spots appear before my eyes. Anderson is stronger than he looks and I am amazed when he lowers me to the ground.
Sherlock did as he was told as he leaned back, his glassy eyes appeared midnight blue as he shuttered.
You laugh. “Sherlock, you have no boundaries do you? Stop rooting around my anus like a dog. I’m fine.”
You stop for a moment, drool runs down your lips. “Am I hurting you?” You ask in a hoarse voice.
I slink over to his bedside, resting my upper thighs near his head, then I hold out one hand and then the other. They are both empty. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I must have been mistaken.”
The security officer sighed and then said, “Well, that’s all the questioning for now.”
His pupils dilate, they are black as he says, “I guess he should have chewed his meat better so that he could swallow such a large mouthful.”
The Doctor wiped his cheek with the sleeve of his uniform. “Sherlock, you are a sociopath. That in itself makes you dark. Haven’t you ever wondered why you don’t feel things like other people? Why you never cry, except when physically hurt? You are exceptional like me. You will never have close friends, or even a lover. You are incapable of such relationships. You are a genius and genius does not tolerate sentimentality. Oh, Sherlock you will leave them all behind without so much as a thought.”
Sherlock winked and then jauntily strutted around the room, “How does day after tomorrow sound?”
Sherlock had still not moved as shivers of shock made his hands tremble. “John, I love you, I thought I would never utter those words-ever. John…marry me please.”
Laura licked her lips as she slid closer to Sherlock. “At everything.”
The limo stops and Mycroft opens the door. Like a mother bear protecting her cub you step in front of me.
Laura chuckled as she made a pouting downward motion with her lips. “Oh, poor little Mycroft, are you feeling ignored?”
“Sherlock, since time is of the essence I need you to tell me what you see when you look around you. It is your fourth Birthday. Tell me, where are you?”
John’s eyes glittered with excitement as he stood before Sherlock. “Sherlock, reenact that night. Get on your knees and take off my jacket, however, this time do what you wanted to do  instead.”
“Sherlock, are you okay?” John whispered into Sherlock’s ear.
John’s face flushed. “Sherlock, it takes forever to get me dressed again and…” John’s sentence was cut short as Sherlock stuck his tongue in John’s ear. “Let me worry about that,” Sherlock purred as he wheeled John’s chair closer to the bed. Though Sherlock could have picked up John and carried him to the bed, he let John struggle a little. After a few attempts John was level with the bed. Sherlock crawled across the covers and gently pulled John up and out of the chair. Sherlock then kissed John as he whispered. “What did I ever do to deserve you?”
I look up at Mycroft as the letter slips through my fingers to lie amongst my Iv lines.  “I’ve got to get out of here. If John is in danger I must help him.”
Sherlock shrugged. “So, that was ages ago. What does it matter now?”
“What do you mean?”
As Sherlock Holmes, walked down the gangway, the area was full of photographers and news cameras waiting to catch every move he made as walked down the ramp over to where Nina stood waving frantically.
I turn to look at him, my interest is piqued. “How?”
John grinned up at Sherlock as he took off the scarf from around his neck and began to wipe John clean, pausing at each place, and kissing John’s lips. Sherlock had just got them both dressed again when Mycroft’s party joined them. Making no explanation whatsoever Sherlock lifted John on to the back of the horse, tied the soiled scarf around his neck, as he smelled every inch of it. Then he winked up at John as he slipped up behind him on the horse.
Sherlock hated the sad, frightened look in John’s eyes and so he jumped off the couch and ran outside into the snow. John frowned, “What is he doing?” John thought as he watched Sherlock bending over in the snow. He didn’t have long to wonder, for at that precise moment a snowball hit John on the side of the head. John jumped off the porch yelling, “I am going to get you Sherlock Holmes,” John said as he made a snowball to rival Sherlock’s. Sherlock and John played in the snow like children. They squealed with delight as they pelted each other with snowballs. John threw a couple of snowballs in the direction of the dragons and he and Sherlock oooed and awed when the dragons spurt streams of fire from their mouth. Clare watched Sherlock and John, her face expressionless. She watched as a snowball that John threw flew through the air and then as it met the dragon’s fire, it dissolved into a hot sizzling puddle at their feet. Jake came up beside Clare and for a moment neither spoke and then Jake asked a question, “Clare, does Sherlock know what is required of John?” Clare turned towards Jake, her eyes wise beyond the youthfulness of her body. “No,” she said softly.
Sherlock shook his head. “I know John won’t hurt me, just please help me restrain him.”
“John, don’t toy with me. Where are we headed?” Sherlock asked in a low voice.
Something in his expression kept John from telling him to beat it. “What’s wrong?”
The Shaman nodded, “He might wake up with a slight headache, but he will be fine. I will watch after him. Good luck in battle, John Watson.”
“Fine, but first you have to drink some tea.”
Tears poured down John’s face for he knew if he didn’t get help soon he would die. For a few moments John gazed into Sherlock’s eyes as if seeing him for the first and last time. The curly brown soft hair, the pale white skin, the chiseled cheekbones, the shinning blue-green eyes, these were only the physical attributes that made Sherlock beautiful. John sighed peacefully as he thought how irritated Sherlock would be if he knew that his intellect was the last thing that John considered to be an attribute of Sherlock’s. “Sherlock, I’m not going to make it. Please promise me you will leave immediately after I have drawn my last breath. Promise me.” John insisted as tears poured down Sherlock’s face. John hoped that Sherlock would do as he promised for John didn’t want Sherlock to see his mortal body go through the death throes. As John reached up to touch Sherlock’s face, his body grew heavy and cold in Sherlock’s arms. He looked up once more at Sherlock and then John smiled. “Sherlock…” John whispered as he fell back into Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock watched in fascination as the Doctor cleaned his lenses. “The grit on the lens, the fly in the ointment…That’s what emotions are.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered.
Sherlock deposited John on a bed in a near-by room, then came back to where Wiggins stood. “If you whistle one more time, I will knock you out and cut your vocal chords.”
Mycroft smiled, his lips drawing into a thin straight line. “She wants you, Sherlock.” He paused a moment for emphasis and then continued on. “She wants you on the case, Sherlock.”
Sherlock pulled the phone out of his pocket and read the text. “SH there have been two more murders in China town. Please come, GL.”
The fake assignation was to take place in the one of the darkened booths. Hugh would shoot John in the stomach with a silencer. Sherlock would scream for help and Hugh would slip away in the crowd. If per chance someone were to notice Hugh leaving, Sherlock would be his alibi. Sherlock took John’s hand as they were shown to John’s staged booth of death. After placing their order, they both waited for Hugh’s set to end. Sherlock jiggled his leg in nervous anticipation. John placed his hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “Relax, Sherlock, everything is going to be fine.” He whispered then he mouthed the words “I love you.”
Sherlock spoke for the first time since Mycroft had found him in a state of overdose a week earlier. “No, I won’t be able to stand it. I will be good. I promise.”
“Midnight, where were you?” Sherlock hissed and then stepped back as he felt his control slipping.
“Are you sure he’ll be okay?” John asked frantically.
When Sherlock began to part John’s hair for further examination, John wheeled out of his grasp. “Sherlock, I’m fine let’s get back to the case.”
Sherlock stood up and patted her on the shoulder, “It’s okay, Mrs. Hudson, it’s okay…”Sherlock said as he moved towards the window. An armored truck rolled through Baker Street and Sherlock could just hear the words, “The city is under quarantine, do not leave your homes unless you have a medical release pass, if no one has a medical release in your household, put the green flag out on your door and emergency supplies will be delivered as soon as possible, if you have dead in your house, put them in the white body bags that have been provided, if you are out of bags wrap up the dead as best you can and put a white flag at your door, noting how many dead are to be disposed of. God save the Queen. God save us all.” The announcement cut off and Britain’s national anthem played over the speaker.
Doctor Shaw looked from one to the other, then sighed. “Yes, I’ll attempt to treat him, but at the first sign this new drug of yours is going south, I will report you.”
Sherlock hated the sad, frightened look in John’s eyes and so he jumped off the couch and ran outside into the snow. John frowned, “What is he doing?” John thought as he watched Sherlock bending over in the snow. He didn’t have long to wonder, for at that precise moment a snowball hit John on the side of the head. John jumped off the porch yelling, “I am going to get you Sherlock Holmes,” John said as he made a snowball to rival Sherlock’s. Sherlock and John played in the snow like children. They squealed with delight as they pelted each other with snowballs. John threw a couple of snowballs in the direction of the dragons and he and Sherlock oooed and awed when the dragons spurt streams of fire from their mouth. Clare watched Sherlock and John, her face expressionless. She watched as a snowball that John threw flew through the air and then as it met the dragon’s fire, it dissolved into a hot sizzling puddle at their feet. Jake came up beside Clare and for a moment neither spoke and then Jake asked a question, “Clare, does Sherlock know what is required of John?” Clare turned towards Jake, her eyes wise beyond the youthfulness of her body. “No,” she said softly.
Sherlock ran to the bathroom, washed himself up and then grabbed a tablet and a writing utensil to take notes on the experiment. At first nothing happened, John just lay there half asleep, grinning like a stupid idiot. “Sherlock, you have the best ideas,” John slurred as he lay back, rubbing the inside of his thighs.
Sherlock didn’t answer for his throat felt swollen, and his eyes filled with tears, “John, why did you abandon me? What did I ever do to deserve the way you treated me?” Sherlock thought sadly.
“Where are you? Tell me Sherlock.”
John’s hands were starting to shake, partly in anger and partly in excitement at the prospect of walking again. “What do I have to do?” John asked as he clenched his hands in his lap.
I wake up. Too late I am vomiting everywhere. John, you rush to my side. When I don’t stop I hear you on the phone calling in yet another prescription for me. Whoops, another drain on the system. A short while later and Mycroft is at the door handing you a bag from the drug store. His nose wrinkles as he smells the vomit. You snatch the bag out of his hands and approach me.
Laura looked at John slyly, “The Doctor has a wife that has expensive taste, much like your Sherlock, and she is on this very cruise. She always wears a jade necklace and it is quite valuable. The Doctor has told me that the insurance payout on the theft of the missing necklace would be enough to settle his debts and cover your surgery. So, how about it John Watson do you want to run to Sherlock or wheel to him? Do you want to dance with Sherlock or watch from the sidelines? And when Sherlock makes love to you do you want to carry him to bed like a man or do you want to be carried like a helpless child to bed?”
I couldn’t help it, I snickered.
“Thank you and good day, Doctor.” Then he turned his back on her and went in search of Wiggins.
“Nope, Sherlock and I will take him home with us.” You answer.
When he peeked into the kitchen to ascertain why no one had answered him, the room was empty.
“Okay, it’s just the two of you against the world. Where to?” the cabbie growled.
“Sherlock look at me,” John commanded.
“To: John Hamish Watson, husband of Sherlock Holmes, I am coming for you, my love.”
Mycroft smiled. “What no witty come back?”
The man was horrified at the hornet’s nest he had unearthed as he desperately looked around him for an escape route.
Sherlock nodded afraid to speak. He glanced over at Mycroft, expecting to see him gloating. He wasn’t. Mycroft looked pained. His pale face a large white oval. He moved towards Sherlock but was pushed away by a nurse.
“I don’t have to explain my actions to you. Now, where is he?”
Anderson is by my side in an instant. He helps me up and leads me over to a low stone wall. He sucks in a breath of air as he inspects the results of my fall. My trousers are torn and bloody knees poke out of each leg.
Sherlock looked around at the rest of their party; they were all shaking their heads in disorientation. Clare was the only one not affected for she was already on her feet without a hair out of place. As if following his train of thought, John fingered his chin in puzzlement.
Sherlock took John’s arm, leading him outside on the pretext of playing the violin. He clung to Sherlock’s arm, allowing himself to be led to a bench where he sat down with a thud, out of breath. “Sherlock, would have gotten on to me about letting myself get out of shape. He would say, ‘John, keep up. I won’t be seen around town with an old man that can’t keep up.’ Yes, that’s what he’d say, if…if he were still here.”
The makeup person looked at Nina who just smiled benignly at the T.V. crew and shrugged her shoulders.
You grind your teeth as you say, “Fine, you’re an addict.”
Sherlock’s eyes filled with tears as he adjusted John on the Arabian Stallion that pranced beneath them. John’s face was white as he bit his lower lip in an effort to control the pain.
John wiggled out of Sherlock’s grasp as he said, “No way.”
The interviewer looked confused again, “You already have a house full of priceless paintings and art treasures.”
She gets up and shows me to their rooms. “They took nothing with them.”
John was still damp as he threw off his robe and snuggled his naked body closer to Sherlock’s.
“John, are you alright?” Sherlock’s muffled voice instantly made John relax.
Sherlock waved her off, “Nonsense,” he said as he grabbed a piece of sheet music off the table.
“Bloody hell,” Lestrade swears again.
Sherlock grinned. ‘We’ve got plenty of time.”
“Are you going to tell Lestrade about…?” My voice trails off as we both look over at the discarded syringe and rubber tie.
“Classical? Why always classical?”
I wander the streets, people avoid me. I keep to the dark corners. When I go to withdraw some funds, my account has been frozen. “Damn, Mycroft,” I mutter.
Sherlock sighed and looked over at the man, “Bill me,” he said in his most imperious voice, as he and John walked off.
Sherlock looked away and then stared back into John eyes, “No, John Hamish Watson, you saved me and will continue to do so every day for the rest of our lives.” Then Sherlock clapped his hands together and said, “Come on, enough of this emotionalism, the game is on and we have  a potential case to solve.”
“Sherlock, I’m a bit tired, do you mind if I go to sleep now?” John asked in between breaths.
Sherlock paled. “Mycroft, give it to her.” Mycroft paused, just as Sherlock wiggled away from Irene. He grabbed the cipher, then handed it to Laura. “You have what you want. Now please back away from John.”
“Sherlock, don’t speculate. Tell me why is she evil?”
For the first time in his half-human state John felt tired, “I don’t have time for this mumbo jumbo, I’ve got to rescue Sherlock,” John thought as he pulled a bow from his back, strung an arrow and after a few moments of concentrating, he let the arrow fly. Zing the arrow sliced through the air hitting its target and as one of the horsemen fell to the ground, a moaning noise followed and then all was silent. “Well, that was pretty easy,” John cockily said aloud to the Shaman.
Sherlock smiled, “There is an inscription inside.”
Dearest John you are my top and I am your bottom, but the thought of screwing Anderson into the mattress until he begs for mercy appeals to me. I learned a great deal from Ms. Alder and I could have Anderson begging me to beat him to a jelly if I wished. I look into his face. His eyes are clouded with lust and something else. Hope. I don’t have to strip the layers of his soul. I know he is in love with me. Your residual of humanity makes me feel a twinge of guilt, John. I am frustrated for I had intended to torture Anderson like a prey animal. But his eyes are not to the side of his head. They are facing front like mine. I am confused. Who is the prey, myself or Anderson?
“You said you have a chemical drug in mind for him? Let me see the composition.”
Sherlock huffed, then began to fold up his creation. John edged closer, placing his hand on Sherlock’s wrist. “Hold on there. I didn’t say I wouldn’t try it. Explain, how does it work?”
John’s face flushed slightly as he joined Sherlock in his booth.  Sherlock stared at John for so long that John felt as if he were going to faint. “Suddenly, I don’t feel hungry anymore, let’s go for a stroll.” John said as his fingers lightly touched Sherlock’s arm.  The heat from John’s touch penetrated through his suit and Sherlock shivered from the effect. Unsteadily, he got to his feet and offered John his arm and then John got up smiled and took Sherlock’s arm with pride. Once they were on the deck John felt jittery as the cold air hit his sweaty body. Sherlock reached out to pull John into his arm and then pulled back shyly. “John, you seem cold. I can hear the dance music starting. Would you…you dance with me?” Sherlock whispered, as he held out his arms.
“Fine, off to Baker Street to get off, solve cases, just the two of us against the world, soon to be three. Come on, John, the game is on.”
“That cipher was mine.”
“Meow,” Sherlock said as he began to lick John’s neck. “Is there some milk in here for me?” Sherlock asked in a high pitched voice as he tweaked John’s nipple.
Sherlock dropped his brother’s ice cold hand. “It’s okay, Mrs. Hudson, John is still with us, but I have puzzles to solve, and things to remember. Now both of you get out.”
“About John’s PET scan.”
John looked meaningfully at Sherlock as two women leaned in towards them in an attempt to catch a snatch of their conversation. Sherlock nodded that he understood and without a word they both got up. As they left, John couldn’t resist flicking a drop of his drink on the side of the woman’s neck nearest to him. Sherlock chuckled and as they left the bar, a brash American business boomed out at them. “Well, are you two having a drink together?”
Though Sherlock wasn’t looking forward to the futon mattress the steam bath was heavenly. It was located outside and was heated by natural spring. Sherlock leaned back and relaxed as the steam rose from his body. A few moments later John slipped in with him.
“Why do you always do this to me, Sherlock?” You say as you bite on your lower lip. “What exactly do you want from me?”
Sherlock stuck out his lip and in his most pouty voiced he simpered, “John, come over here I need your help with this.” Sherlock said as he pointed between his legs.
Sherlock joined him at the rail and asked, “So, what is your story, Doctor Watson? Wait let me tell you.” Sherlock said as he walked around John. “You recently got out of service in the Middle East, you went to school in London, your childhood was a sad one and you have one sibling. You’ve never been married before and you don’t have any children.”
Sherlock’s hands and body sculpted itself to become one with John’s as they both howled like jackals.
Sherlock smiled at Clare sadly, “No, he won’t hurt me, my warrior, my blogger, my friend, my doctor, my love, for John is my heart, he is my soul and if darkness overtakes him, then it shall overtake me as well. We shall face it together, in for a penny in for a pound,” Sherlock said as he rang his fingers along the demon’s bubbly, rough skin. He then turned away from the group and looked the demon-John, straight in the luminous orbs that it called eyes. “John, let’s go save London, let’s go save the world, the game is on,” Sherlock shouted as he held his wrist up for the creature to take. The demon took his wrist in its claws and squeezed so tight that Sherlock gasped, for if he kept up the pressure, Sherlock’s wrist would snap like an old tree branch. As if sensing its own strength the demon relaxed its grip and then raised its claw in the air, jerking Sherlock off the ground as it did so. After it let go, Sherlock fell to the ground in a pile, he then jumped up, demanded that Jake give him his crossbow and that Clare give the demon, the cross bow that hung across her shoulder.
John looked at the woman before him. He liked her better than the other therapists he had in the past, but there was something about her—a secret.
In an instant Sherlock was across the room. He gathered John in his arms, marched up the stairs, then lay him on the bed. Once he was comfortable, Sherlock lay in between John’s legs staring at his prize. His hands shook, reaching for John’s belt buckle. Though nothing that sprang out at him was a surprise Sherlock gasped when he looked down.
I look up at him. “You can stay if you like.”
“John, god, John, that’s it, yes. JOHN…” His legs began to shake, when he felt John’s movements increase.  A few moments later, his trembling insides received John’s come, while his own shot on the crisp sheets beneath them. He let John roll him over on his back, then looked up into his blue eyes. “John,” he whispered.
I open my eyes. Though I am feeling better, the burden of the conversation I must have with you weighs heavily upon me. What I wouldn’t do for a fix. Just something, anything to take the edge off.
“Sherlock, you are my heart, my love, my strength, my best friend. When you hurt, I hurt, when you cry I cry,” John said as a tear slid down his cheek.
Mary reaches me first. “Sherlock, come home we love you.”
Then it is time. I am rolled over on my back. Virtual John pierces my nipple. I cry out as he makes the hole bigger. Big enough to fit in a nipple ring. It is the symbol of caduceus. The wings tear at my flesh as it is worked through the small hole. I let virtual John maneuver the sex toy. “Push on the ring at the same time,” I order him. “Push it hard, John.” The pain is a little too much. You punish me. I punish you, until the sun’s rays illuminate the darkness of the room.  I roll off the bed. I then take a shower, crying out when the warm water hits my piercing.
John looked at the potential client that Sherlock was interviewing and thought that she was the strangest person he had ever seen. She was tall, with white hair that had a silver glow to it. However, she was young, so was this silver hair color a new fad?  Her eyes had an uncanny glow to them. What color were those eyes?” John thought as he shivered. As if reading his mind the young woman turned around and looked at John. “My name,” she said calmly, “is Clare.”
Laura took a long drag on her cigarette before she answered, “We were once…partners.”
I grasp the sheets, not from passion but from frustration as I reply, “Go ahead say it. SAY IT…”
“You did, but how else am I supposed to know what’s going on?”
John sighed as he wiggled himself in between Sherlock’s knees, “No, fear of that, Sherlock. Now, pleasure me again, Doctor’s orders.”
“And your point is, Brother mine?”
John smiled as he fit his head underneath Sherlock’s chin. “Lead on Holmes, lead on.”
“You’ve put me in danger before and it hasn’t bothered you. Now give me your phone so I can type out a list. Give it to me.”
The Asian woman clutched Clare’s cloak further around her body. “Keep away from me.” She hissed.
“Don’t think, Sherlock,” John whispered as he slid his arms into Sherlock’s jacket, desperate for the feel of his warm skin. “Sherlock, God you are beautiful,” John said as he divested Sherlock of his shirt and jacket and ran his cold wet lips down Sherlock’s neck, stopping to lightly scrape his teeth against the pulse that beat in Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock lay compliant as John straddled over the top of him, slowly untied the front of his hakama-his pants, and slipped them off. John then began to massage Sherlock’s lower back, kissing Sherlock’s quivering stomach muscles as he did so. It didn’t take deductive reasoning to figure out where John’s mouth was going to touch next, still when Sherlock felt John’s mouth consume the intended target; he tried to resist the urge to thrust his hips upward.
The Doctor laughed again, then his expression sobered. “Sherlock, you are still young yet. Though you may not see it, you are just like me-dark.”
I grab Mary’s black eye liner pencil off the counter and rim my eyes. “Very sexy, it brings out your eyes,” you say.
“How cute he’s embarrassed,” John thought as he looked down at the ground. After a few moments of silence John decided to give Sherlock a break and he changed the subject as he held his hand up to inspect his ring. “This is really quite lovely, Sherlock, thank you.”
“Leave the door open a crack, will you?”
I swallow. Tears fill my eyes. As much as I felt the pain of your rejection and I grieved for my plight of unrequited love, I let you grieve. I cut you to the core. I blink back tears. “I promise, Mary. John will not fall. I would fight legions of angels to protect him.”
Sherlock held up his menu and whispered, “Avoid the chicken, stick to the fish.”
I smile again and hang up. This is going to be fun.
“No, they don’t.” I answer. There is no reply. Anderson is gone and I feel worse than ever. Time for the syringe.
“I want to prove that I am smarter than she. So, I play the game.”
I pull up each of the colors in my mind to determine their wavelength frequencies and frequency intervals.
The sound of torrential rain and crashing thunder filled the room. “Sherlock, what aren’t you telling me?” John asked softly.
Sharon patted John’s arm, “Okay, John.”
Her eyes narrow. “No, it isn’t and I know what you’re up to.”
John had managed to get the guard’s gun and he pistol whipped the man until he was unconscious. Sherlock thought he would stop pummeling the man once he was inert, however, John continued to beat the man’s face with his bare fist.
The Asian man shook his head. “No, I am An’s brother. I don’t mean to be rude, but things are escalating quicker than expected. There was another killing in China Town last night. How long will it take you all to get ready to explore the Chislehurst caves?”
Once they were all in the bedroom, Sherlock sat down in the chair and waited. John just stood in front of the woman as she seductively took her dress off, once she was naked, she turned around so that John could get a 360 degree view of everything. Her body didn’t turn Sherlock on, but he had to admit it was perfect, the small rounded breasts, the flat stomach, the full legs that wrapped themselves around John’s waist. Sherlock almost laughed at the bewildered look on John’s face as he dislodged her and deposited her on the bed.
You stroke my arm with your fingertips, until chill bumps raise the hair, making my flesh crawl with desire, like a craving. “Sherlock, you are a multi-faceted creature. I think we need to explore the possibility that the number three works for you.”
An wiped her tear stained face on the edge of Clare’s cloak and took a deep breath. “There is an ancient Chinese belief that speaks of four horsemen that will come and destroy the earth in the year of the horse. It appears that the legend is true, for it is rumored that the horsemen have been seen here in London.”
It is a challenge. He holds out the helmet and I take it. The ride through London is glorious. Anderson takes chances and I revel in the danger as we weave through traffic. By the time we reach Baker street I feel a bit nauseous.  I fall off the bike in a heap. Anderson helps me up. I scowl at him. “Come to gloat over my addictions?” I ask in a spiteful tone.
Anderson’s looks like a slaughtered pig, his eyes wide and rolling, his mouth open gasping for air. “It’s almost as if I’ve choked him.” I speculate on this for a moment or two, getting hard at the thought of his life in my hands.
“Take off your coat, and hand it to me,” John ordered.
“You’re still high.”
Anderson smiles. “Hmm, that sounds interesting, then he plucks the lemon out of his water and sucks on it.”
Before Teddy could reply a smooth velvety sounding voice interrupted him, “Oh, Teddy do quit going on. Can’t you see the poor man is bored to death?”
There are a thousand things I want to say to you, each dies on my lips as you leave the room. I’ve been dismissed, yet again.
I look up at Mycroft and take his hand. “Mycroft, make sure they’re safe if I should….”
“Sherlock, are you telling me that you are old fashioned?” John asked.
Tears streamed down Sherlock’s cheeks. He didn’t bother to brush them away when he moved towards the surgeon, grasping her arm. “If anything happens to him. I will kill you and your entire family. Got it?”
“Phillip, not in front of the b-a-b-y.” Mrs. Hudson chides. They laugh together and I take comfort in the sounds of their muted conversation. Their words hover around me, until REM takes me to its dark underworld.
Clare spoke softly. “John, I need you to look at Sherlock and me and tell me what you see.” John did as Clare instructed and gasped. Sherlock had a faint pink glow around his head; the rest of his body was lit with varying colors. When John looked at Clare he only saw a black glow.
“Who?” I ask.
John opened his mouth to say something then thought better of it. He stood still for a moment, frowning at Sherlock’s hunched over posture. Then he turned and left.
I try and relax as I feel you easing me open. I can’t I am as tight as a drum. But you are so clever John; you are skilled, for your fingers ply me into submission. The entrance of the small bullet suppository makes a suction sound as my body accepts it. Then just like that it’s over. You turn me over and pull the blanket up to my chin.
His shoulders slumped.
You lean back and laugh. “Since when have you cared about hurting me? You know splat, there goes Sherlock from the top of St. Bart’s.”
When he finished Sherlock frowned, “John, I don’t like it; this is a dangerous killer we are dealing with.”
Irene raised an eyebrow. “I doubt you have the security that I do. We’re staying at my flat.”
I open my eyes and look up. You, dearest John, are standing above me. I smile. You smile back. A nurse and doctor breeze into the room, but you and I are oblivious to their presence. You tear your attention away from me to listen to them. Anderson steps forward beyond the fray of white coats and takes my hand. “God, Sherlock, we’ve missed you. You gave us quite a fright.”
“Well, at least they’re not going to starve us,” Sherlock thought.
As tired as he was Sherlock was a considerate lover, so with one limp, sweaty hand he reached in between John’s legs. John chuckled softly. “Sherlock, you are too spent, let me help you,” John whispered as he slipped off his own hakama. Without out a word, John moved Sherlock’s legs apart, he then prepared Sherlock for penetration with his fingers, gently talking to Sherlock as he did so. “Sherlock, am I using too much pressure? Sherlock let me reach further in. Yes, my dearest Sherlock, that’s the spot, is it not?” John whispered as he moved deeper in Sherlock, past any physical discomfort, past any repressions, past his mind-palace, to the place- the place that only he and John shared. Afterwards Sherlock fought the exhaustion that threatened to overtake him until John kissed his cheek. “Sherlock, go to sleep,” John said as he gently nuzzled Sherlock again.
John got his breathing under control. “Sherlock, what are you talking about? I would never break your heart.”
I nod then go to over to a chair, flopping down in it with one leg hooked over the arm. My legs are spread wide and I lean my head back and breathe with my mouth open. You come into the room with tea and biscuits, knock my leg off the arm, then turn to Anderson.
I see you struggle with the clues I have given you. Then you look me in the eyes. You frown, then you look away. When you glance back into my eyes I hide nothing from you. You take a sharp intake of breath. I smile. “Ah, John Watson finally understands. He finally observes. Don’t look so scared John. For a machine can’t seduce you, only a man of flesh and blood can make you throb, make you burn, make you scream. So, see no need to worry John. It’s only me the cold machine. Now get out.” I spit out the last words like an animal facing death after its paw has been caught in the steel jaws of a trap. Then my heart beats in anguish. What if you leave? Then my heart beats in fear. What if you stay?
I curl up in a ball. “I love you too and John?”
Sherlock brought in one box, then sat down, studying its contents. Wiggins set a couple of boxes next to his feet. “There should be five more, hurry up.”
“I kept bathing his forehead in cool cloths.”
Sherlock came awake instantly, something was wrong. “Hold on, let me get dressed. I’m coming too.”
Sherlock didn’t doubt that John would surrender his sword to protect him, but Clare? Sherlock looked over at Clare. She was calm, cool, not a hair out of place. “Clare, you surrendered your sword too?” Sherlock asked skeptically.
The curtains behind the girl parted and a tall, blonde woman with sharp features came into the room. “Why Sherlock, what a pleasant surprise? What can I do for you?”
“What about you?” Sherlock quipped back.
You laugh. “Sherlock, we’ve got to work on your foreplay vocabulary. The ark of the covenant, really?”
John looked back at him. “I have a daughter, but how…I don’t understand?”
A nurse breezes into the room, not knowing how close I came to jerking the IV out of Anderson’s arm and sticking it into my own. “You’ll have to leave now.” Then she bustles me out and I stand out in the hall, like a refugee waiting for someone to claim me.
“Sherlock, that creature is no longer John, he will turn on you, you have to cut off his head,” Clare said as she restrained herself from advancing on Sherlock and the demon.
“So, you’ve always been gay, then?” John asked.
John took in a fresh breath of mountain air,”Well, it’s not London, but I suppose it will have to do for now.” John said as he once more took in his surroundings.
I frown as I ask, “Philip, who the hell is Philip?”
Sherlock wanted to ask more questions but the need for John weakened his stoic facade. “Well, only a fool argues with his Doctor.”
John grinned as his eyes looked around the room to find the water spot on the floor he had observed a few moments ago after a fruitless search he said, “Oh, yes Laura I certainly do.”
Sherlock looked down at his hands. “I could have saved him by ignoring him. I could have saved him by terminating our friendship. I knew she hated Victor. I just didn’t know how much. In any case, I was the one who tied him up.”
Sherlock’s lips were pursed in a tight grimace, for John’s crippled state proved that anything could go wrong. “John, perhaps we shouldn’t go through with this.” Sherlock said as he massaged the side of John’s neck.
The expression in your eyes projects a thousand things, each one feels like a cut of rejection to me. “Fine, I’ll text the client and I’ll change.”
A few hours later Sherlock and John lay together in an outdoor sauna. The palm trees swayed in the desert breeze and John sighed in pleasure as the rays of the sun shone down on his upturned face. “Sherlock, this place is amazing whom did you say it belonged to again?” John asked as he massaged Sherlock’s lower back.
“My sister is the east wind, she is fire, Mycroft is ice and I am water. We play sort of a rock, paper, scissors game but with the elements. That day Mycroft didn’t want to play. Sherrin had me tie Victor up and then put him in my closet. She left clues as to why, but I don’t get them. I am too stupid.”
John gave Sherlock a sloppy grin as he replied, “Guilty as charged.”
Mycroft watched the exchange with narrowed eyes.
Later on that evening, John slipped on his white, dinner jacket, trying to ignore the memory of Sherlock watching him in admiration the last time he had worn it. “Come, on Watson, time to do battle,” John said aloud as he wheeled himself out of the cabin and down to the dining room.
I tried to keep from laughing, but all too soon I began to giggle again. John looked at me sternly and then said, “You know, Sherlock you are a real prick.”
Sherlock looked down at the mutilated bodies of the Chinese gang members that Clare and John had killed. He could hardly believe that John had done such a thing. Sherlock pretended to look for clues even though he already possessed all the facts.
John wheeled over and angrily tapped out the internet search on the computer keyboard, at one point he hit one of the keys so hard that it popped up and wobbled to the side of its usual position. “Here it is, the Linden Case,” John said flatly as Sherlock began to read over his shoulder.
“Fine,” Jake lied for his dreams had been full of nightmares of evil winged creatures attacking them.
“But you don’t have another sibling, do you?”
Sherlock took off his coat and meekly handed it over to John. John threw the coat over the front of Sherlock and unbuckled his trousers. Sherlock’s whole body jumped when he felt John’s hand reach inside and touch his bare skin. Sherlock leaned his head back against the seat. “John,” Sherlock breathed, as John’s motions became more aggressive. The world always seemed so far away when John aroused him. It was the one time Sherlock’s brain wasn’t going a thousand miles per hour. It was the one time he felt relaxed and God knows he needed to relax.
John held Sherlock closer. “Sherlock, I would do anything for you. I would battle a legion of demons to save you.” John said as he kissed the side of Sherlock’s neck.
Her perfume lingers in the air for a moment after she is gone and I wonder why I feel bereft. The thought soon leaves me as your skilled surgeon’s hands probe in all the right places. I lean back in silence and enjoy the skill of your fingers as they bring me to bear. “Sherlock,” you whisper. “I want to try something new.”
John looked at him and laughed. “Fresh poison each week?”
“I doubt you’ll get reception down here.”
Sherlock winked at John as he pulled two rings out of his pocket and John was utterly amazed when his ring fit perfectly. “Sherlock, how did you know my ring size?”
Angela reached over and took his hand. “You couldn’t have known. It’s not your fault.”
“I want you to concentrate on the sound of my voice, follow it, watch the flame from the candle I just lit, relax and let your mind be still.”
Once dressed, I am the master detective again. Baker Street feels cold as I make my way to my chair. I nearly jump out of my skin when I hear your voice.
Sherlock knew without searching the internet that she spoke the truth. “What do you want from me?” Sherlock asked in a weary tone.
“I know you are, Sherlock. Now talk to me while I fall asleep.”
When Sherlock regained consciousness, Clare had her claymore poised and ready to hack the demon’s head off, Jake stood on the other side with a crossbow pointed at the monster’s heart and Lestrade had picked up the harpoon and was making menacing gestures at the creature. Sherlock sat up and crawled over to the monster’s side, the sound of its piteous whining noises overcame Sherlock, and he didn’t bother to brush away the tears that flowed from his red-rimmed eyes.
I look up and there is Mary. Her eyes are dark and full of anger. She shakes my letter to John in front of me. “Sherlock, just how much do you think we can take?” She asks in a menacing tone.
Sherlock nodded and walked over to the crime scene and took some photos with his phone. “I will look further into this matter Lestrade, however I think we can chalk it up to an episode of gang violence.”
John looked frightened. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Sherlock’s grandma looked sad, “Time for you to go I suppose,” she said as she hugged Sherlock and then hugged John as well.
“Everything’s fine, Sherlock, you worry too much. Clare told me her secret on the way to China town. She also informed me that you already knew about her being only partially human, which would have been nice to know before I saw her change into her other form. It was frightening, yet magnificent. Clare has agreed to let me take some blood samples from her, so that I can study the Claymore.”
John looked into her dark green eyes and flushed under her scrutiny, “I was just thinking about a case I had in medical school.”
As luck would have it the moon peaks out of the clouds, illuminating where you and I are lying.
The quick motions I make with my hand do nothing to improve my mood. I am finishing up as you exit the shower. My body spasms a couple of times as you stare at me. “Sherlock, did you just jerk off while I was in the shower?”
John smiled a slow, seductive smile, when Sherlock blushed. “You know you are so cute when you blush like that.”
Afterwards I lay in your arms, my body won’t stop shaking from the adrenaline rush. “John, did I hurt you?” I stutter.
John laughed and grasped Sherlock’s hand and whispered, “I love you Sherlock, you saved me.”
Sherlock reached his hand back and tugged on John’s sleeve. “John, don’t go yet. I want to feel you.” John knew what Sherlock meant and frowned. He thought Sherlock most kinky in this regard, but John shrugged as he let Sherlock reach into his pants and run his hands through the remnants of John’s moist fluid. Sherlock reached in like a greedy child, until his hands were covered with John’s moisture, he rubbed it into his arms and hands. Then Sherlock brought his hands to his face and inhaled deeply. “God, John, I love your scent.”
Sherlock looked down at John, his eyes boring into John’s open expression. “I’ve been here before. This place was a mental hospital for children and adolescents. Perhaps, you’ve heard of it. The place was called The Thames Hospital for Children.”
As Sherlock wrapped John in a towel, with the intention of drying him off, John shook his head and whispered, “No, Sherlock don’t dry me off, take me to bed, and make love to me for I want to feel your wet skin against mine.”
