“Yeah man, but what’s your hoard? I bet you were gryphon because of your lack of one!” Natasha shot him a glare, but Tony merely sighed.
in his eyes, when his pencil went screeching across the page as he was knocked out of his revere by the kid running towards him from the table – running
, rather than says it, before he’s grinning around the sadness ingrained in his face. “You came.” It’s barely more than a whisper, but it’s heartfelt in a way Tony had forgotten Clint could be – and never to him. They’d been friends – good friends – but they’d never had true heart-to-heart moments.
“Of course you are, dear.” Tony conceded, watching him carefully but changing the subject. “How long did they argue for?”
“Precious?” Tony asked, and Steve nodded slowly. “You can- I’d like you to borrow it. If you want to,” Tony offered, and Steve smiled softly.
“You idiot.” Tony mumbled, dragging his hand down until he could push on Steve’s shoulder to sit back up. “You think she’s my jewel.”
. Steve is warm and gentle and sleepy, and as Tony traces the bags under his eyes with careful fingers, he can’t help but wonder the last time Steve slept. He sleeps now though, easily slipping away with his arms around Tony’s waist and his face buried in Tony’s hair. Tony curls into him a little more as his breathing evens out, presses his face against Steve’s neck, and falls himself.
TONY STARK
Wanda had
. Tony pretends not to notice. He’s getting good at pretending, so many years of pretending he’s fine.
he was hungry now.
, on the end, but it’s not needed. Steve flicks open the box one-handed, and rests it on Tony’s lap.
“Will I be enough?”
No hint of them, in this room, in the letter. No whisper of their late nights, their hurried mornings. All those little stolen moments, little moments of care and calm – a solace in the storms of their lives, found in each other. No hint of even a second of it; except for the little black velvet box tucked away in the drawer. Tony’s not aware of dropping the phone to the desk, as he pulls out the box – his hands aren’t shaking, they aren’t – and flips up its lid, the hinge stiff.
“I can’t-“ he starts, his voice breaking, and Tony kisses him once, softly, before he continues, “I can’t lose you Tony. Not again, not when I can do something about it.” Steve tells him, voice quiet and insistent – determined in a way Steve is in everything he does, and always makes Tony fall a little further.
and the boy stopped looking so sad moving into confused.
“Yeah, no, you can’t lie for shit Steve. Talk to me.”
“And…?” Tony looked at him anxiously, hoping him to continue.
Just to begin listing the reasons, he was a genius. His whole history showed that, without any space for doubts. Since he made his first circuit board when he was four years old until his major on MIT when he was sixteen. One night reading the right files and he could become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics from night to day. Had happened.
He shook Steve’s hand away and left the training room. His feet didn’t take him back to the workshop, as he imagined would happen. He kept repeating to himself that Steve was in love, and how that was probably killing any hope he could have of… Anything. When Tony realized, he was closing his bedroom door, sighing deeply. He was not well, and definitely he was not happy.
That had nothing to do with ingratitude, and just the thought of somebody thinking something like that was enough to piss him off. No, it was more than that. Sometimes he caught himself imagining how life would be if he doesn’t had to deal with… Well, with all he had to. How would be having a simple life, in a simple place, common. Without a company to run, without a team of heroes to be part of and without needing to be always preoccupied with making a new arrow for Clint or upgrade Captain America’s shield.
Clint’s question came back to Tony’s mind. Steve was one of the best people Tony had ever met. During his teenage he had been some kind of Captain America’s fan boy, and meeting him after all that time hadn’t change Tony’s mid in slightest. And no, nothing was ‘going on’ between him and Steve. But it wouldn’t be terrible if there was. Would it?
“Did you tell Tony?”
” He speaks as grandly as he does with every word, and perhaps the address was somewhat informal for a dragon, but Tony understood the Scandinavian easily, and preened a little at the title. The One Who Is Golden and Red.
. This whole mess… even if you’d listened. Listened and trusted me and
Their star fate.” Tony swallowed. “A soulmate.” Steve’s eyes went wide.
Eight hours later, Tony had re-mastered multi-sized shifting, and was now a cat sized crimson dragon curled around Natasha’s neck as she took them both down to the common floor for dinner. No one commented on it – he was softly shaking, the sickness setting in. He could still shift to human, but it was a hell of a lot more comfortable to be shifted into his natural form. He kept himself happily dozing around her neck until she gently tapped his nose part-way through the meal to offer him a bit of the meat from her plate. She did this several times – he realised Bruce had given her a larger portion than normal for the exact purpose – and then he carefully got down from his perch to sit on the table.
Honestly, Tony should do a Peter and cite too much homework as a reason not to go. With the World Council still breathing down his neck, he’s… he’s not sure. Does he not want to go because he won’t want to come back? Or because it’s not safe? And it’s not, for him or for T’Challa, or Them
“That’s a dragon I would love to meet.” He murmured, and Tony smiled at him.
been.
“What the
“I just…” Steve starts, but shakes his head in a
is human. Maybe we just love breakable things? Things are not beautiful because they last, dear friend. They last because we love them.”
, the last time Tony had said that they’d been in bed together, the morning before Steve left for Lagos. He never
“I would be honoured.”
“My hoard is… unusual.” He admitted.
Steve’s at the back of the line of signers, in a simple yet well-fitting suit. He’d given his
Bucky looks up suddenly –
This was… a new one.
“Well of course, everyone knows that the two of you were-“ Steve began, and Tony cut him off with a kiss, just a soft, chaste one, lasting barely more than a second.
made upon the formation of the new Avengers.
“I keep people close. I don’t have a large hoard, and I steel myself to get my heart broken. Only a jewel will live as long as I do. Everyone else, I’ll lose.” He swallowed. “No one knows. I can’t- people aren’t property, and often the significance of dragon hoards are lost on other species. I don’t want…”
that the toddler didn’t verbalise. “You need to ask to play, right?”
.” Tony repeats, grinning, and nearly tacks a teasing
jewel.
Steve’s gaze flicked to him at the question, but he went back to staring out across the stage Tony had just vacated. “Nothing.” He replied.
Looking really rather fucked off.
They’re
Most people would be wrong.
“You need to ask next time,” he explained, and somehow when the kid asked
“How long have you known?” he asked.
that Rhodey can do that now, with all the work he’s put in.
“This is cosy.” Steve commented when Tony turned back to him, and Tony paused.
At first, Steve hadn’t paid them any notice – just another energetic kid and his rather stuffy looking Dad – but this Saturday the park was quieter, and it was easy to hear the attentive way in which the man spoke to his son. He was by no means calm; he was excited by everything his son was excited by, or at least appeared to be so, and managed to both engage, educate and
“Okay Tony,” Steve whispered, and allowed Tony to pull him out of the elevator. Tony pushed him down into the central pile, where he’d been curled up several hours previous, and went towards one of the smaller shelving units. He rescued a first aid kit and some snacks, and a bottle of water, bundling them in a corner of Thor’s cape and taking them back to Steve.
, and I was too immature to see it.” She took a long, measured breath, but held up a hand when Tony went to interrupt her. “I made mistakes.” She repeats, “and I thought wrong, even after what I made you
They had trekked up the mountainside in silence, hand-in-hand. The solidarity between them, the tension and the peace, had been unusual though not entirely unique. Usually pairs who came here were energetic, fraught with nerves, or angry at the universe. Sometimes one is unconscious, and the journey is slow, but that is rare – though not as rare as this.
He doesn’t ask why he wasn’t told. He doesn’t ask about Howard or Maria. He asks about flying, and Tony’s tendency to curl up while he sleeps. He teases and assures in equal measure, and Tony feels a little lighter knowing that someone knows.
“You like me.” It was not a question – suddenly it seemed strikingly obvious, the time Steve spent seeking him out, the hit Steve had taken – “and yet, you’re pulling away. Why?”
He had four hours until hoard sickness set in.
It’s lazy mornings, kisses as they pass each other in the corridors, “beloved” and “sweetheart”, “darlin’” and “honey”, date nights and little gifts. They’ve danced in their quarters to Sinatra at three in the morning, taken each other apart and put each other back together more times than Tony can count. They train together, go through paperwork and mission analysis together. Steve sketches in Tony’s workshop, and Tony works on his tablet when Steve’s back in his corner. There’s bad days, but they’re far outweighed by the good days and Tony realises.
The new Accords go through with little protest. Each of the Avengers, both new and former, are invited to sign it, and a newly awoken, raw but safe James Barnes comes along too.
Steve’s grinning before he’s even quite realised he’s doing it, and Tony’s shoving past the nurse trying to box him downstairs to admit him, breaking into a run to make it down the corridor before someone can stop him. Steve’s sweeps him up into a hug in the doorway, unable to help himself, but Tony accepts it gladly, and god, Tony’s alive, Tony’s alive alive alive, lungs breathing heart pounding-
Steve waited for Eddie’s answer, but it never arrived. He sighed, guessing that the man had slept or was doing something for the company he worked for – that happened frequently, actually. He just took a deep sigh before put the small cellphone that Tony gave him on his pocket and left the Tower to run and try to cool his head.
The last couple days, Eddie seemed a little distant. He answered Steve’s messages with monosyllables or short sentences, without a single trace of his usual cheer – or the also and frequent bad mood. Steve really wanted to find out what happened to the man.
“Yes. You happened.” Tony finally got up, leaving his cell phone on the mattress and taking two steps toward Steve.
“Are you and Bruce having sex?”
“I never told you that.”
“Oh, you have a Tony?” The engineer crossed his arms, raising only one eyebrow, making Steve laugh out loud, echoing through the workshop.
“Are you taking it all to your lab?” Captain’s blue eyes were at the jar, full with the black drink and letting smoke out. He waited for Tony’s head shake, giving his question a positive answer. “Can you… Would you give me a little?”
He couldn’t just ignore something like that. It was like life had taken away his lollipop but then gave him a chocolate bar. He was really happy. Because, even though he was not really in love with Stephan, he liked the man a lot, really, really a lot, and Tony knew that falling in love with Stephan, loving him as much as he loved Steve – if not even more – was just a matter of time.
“I know, I know. I should have slept, blah blah blah. I really tried, just– Steve, what happened to your nose?”
And he knew why.
“Barton.” Tony almost laughed when he saw Clint's jumping, scared.
“It’s not that.” Steve’s voice cut Tony’s because he knew that, if he didn’t stopped him fast, Stark would start a monologue and talk the same thing many and many times. “It’s just… Someone.”
‘Worried about you…’ Steve closed his eyes and slipped his fingers through his hair. He wished he could cross that damn screen and hugs Eddie, telling him that things are going to get better and that Steve was right there, by his side. But he couldn’t. And he didn’t even know who Eddie is.
He was not sure what he would have preferred to hear. Maybe if Clint had told Tony how Steve really felt... He might still not be brave enough to talk about his feelings.
Tony took deep breaths a few times, whirling around the chair and running into a guilty look on Steve’s face. The engineer narrowed his eyes, wishing he could curse Steve like he always did with Barton. But, of course, Tony would never be able to curse Steve, especially when he made those puppy eyes.
“Excuse me?” Steve laughed, knowing that this would be a bad time to blush. He could not let it show how embarrassed he was.
“Twice… Oh.” Steve shooked his head. “So when I told you that–”
“I don’t need any help. I’ll tell him when I think is the right time.” Steve crossed his arms in front of his chest, taking a deep breath but his eyes still locked on Tony’s.
proportion, which by the way was showed on the coffee machine. His coffee was almost inedible, but Tony believed that even bad coffee as better than no coffee at all. Snorting, Tony throw the powder on the coffee machine and turned it on, knowing that he would have to wait about five minutes until it got ready – he would do all the volume that the coffee machine aloud.
The automatic response of his body was to start to ignore Steve. He didn’t start small talk anymore, barely answered when Steve talked to him, and avoided to stay at the same room. As if acting like that the feeling could just go away. And, more than ever, he was talking a lot with Stephan. Because Tony needed to have someone that would listen to him – even if it wasn’t in the literal sense – and talk to JARVIS was almost the same as talk to himself.
Steve’s hands are at his waist, grip firm but not painful, and he’s
, rubbing circles on his back and crouched in front of him. She takes the tablet from his hands with careful fingers and Tony’s
He gestures vaguely at Rhodey and the bots. “You’re my hoard,” he mumbles, and falls asleep to the shock on Rhodey’s face.
?” Tony’s heart clenched, realising she had tears in her eyes. He stepped forward, and carefully brushed a tear away as it fell – his eyes wouldn’t be human yet, he still had scales down his arms, his horns were still grown and his teeth were still sharp, but she didn’t flinch, leaning into his hand for a moment.
The weather is warm in the grounds where they hold it, and fireflies light the night alongside the lanterns. Tony and Steve get to dance under the stars, not hidden away on the rooftop of the tower but in front of all the people they love.
I have some small notes and plans for this universe should I get to them - would y'all want them adding to this, or to a series? :)
There’d been a mission.
“Thor got word from the Asgardians this morning.” She tells him, “Peter did good.”
face, like the secrets of the universe had been revealed to him. “Play!?” he asked of his father, and he seemed all too happy to stand up and take the boy’s hand.
“No more masks,” she tells him, “no more lies.” Tony only nods his agreement, not trusting his voice. “I missed you.” She tells him, and Tony relaxes slightly, bumps his shoulder against hers.
There’s no more secrets. That was the promise they
It’s two months beyond Day Zero – as Rhodey’s taken to calling it, and honestly, the ridiculousness of it is one of the few things that makes Tony smile – when he finally has to visit T’Challa.
“Can you ask me to?” Tony asks him, pulling back. It’s honest curiosity, there will be no repercussions of Steve’s answer, it’s not even a trap; but it sets these events in motion. It means everything.
Tony.”
“C’mon Rogers, there’s something I want to show you.” Tony spoke as he was already walking off, grabbing Steve around the wrist – even to a dragon, Steve ran so warm, and Tony found contact with him delightful because of it.
The heart monitor continues.
“Can I ask a personal question?” Natasha asks him one day.
“You’ve got one.” It wasn’t a question.
There’s a little knock on the door, and then Natasha is sticking her head around it. She’s smiling, something tiny and honest and Steve may get used to it one day. Her hair is red again. Steve had missed that.
first kiss is nothing like the first, but it’s the one Tony had thought he’d get back then.
“Dad,
“I can’t do it, Tony, I can’t.” Steve tells him in nothing more than a whisper, “I have to fix this, and I can’t do that, not without you.”
“Of course, O’ Mighty Crimson One.” The agent carrying it replied, hands shaking but voice firm, and Tony huffed his approval of the address, and the agent scurried away.
for as long as Clint will let him.
. He doesn’t have a choice though, and so he goes.
“Impervious scales would be useful right now,” Thor agreed, giving Tony a pointed glance. Tony sighed, and steeled himself for a moment.
Sam hadn’t apologised.
“I never realised just how cat-like dragons are.” Bruce mused. “How you feeling, Tony?”
“I don’t deserve it.” Steve mutters, staring at his feet. “And it’s a shitty answer, I know, but I did some really shitty things.” Tony bites back an automatic
“Do you honestly think,” Tony begins softly, gently resting a hand on Steve’s face that Steve can’t help but lean into, “that if I had ever intended that we wouldn’t work it out, that I wouldn’t have filed for divorce?” Tony’s smiling, and Steve’s face falls open in shock. “I meant every word of my vows.”
He gets drunk three weeks later, the first drop he’s had since Ultron – and fuck does it feel something like betrayal – and finds himself back in the office.
“No, I do not. This city is hideous on the best of days.” Tony told them, making Bruce chuckle.
Stood in the middle of the common floor.
“Well you just did, but I’ll allow another.” Tony grinned as Steve rolled his eyes at him.
, and Tony’s choking back a sob. He stares at it for a moment, wondering what the shock it’s brought him would feel like in a different circumstance – less like acid, he knows. Warm. He’d probably cry, Steve down on one knee with those hopeful blue eyes of his that Tony loves. The answer would be shaking, and the ring would be slipped on with gentle fingers-
“That’s not what you were going to say.” Tony snaps, and Steve sighs, but it’s defeated, not exasperated like-
, this entire fucking mess…” Tony trails off, because he doesn’t need to say it. Tony made mistakes, he can recognise that. Steve wasn’t the only one who didn’t do enough talking – but Steve was the one with the secrets. “
“Miss Rushman, I’m not sure I’m that kind of girl.” Tony teases, looking up from his tablet to find her studying him, but she smiles in a tiny huff before she replies.
“We’re okay.”
sorry. I thought… I thought that telling you was going to hurt you more, and reopen wounds you’d already worked to heal. I… honest to God, Tony, I never even thought of what you might do to Bucky. You’re better than that. Had I known how someone might use it…” he trails off, and while through the ache in his chest, the
“Alright!” He seemed extremely pleased, and damn, there was Steve’s blush. “I’m holding you to that, Sketchbook!” And then he was waving, and little Peter was waving where he was hanging off his father’s arm and calling by, and Steve knew he was probably smiling after them goofily but he couldn’t help but watch them go.
No, Sam had immediately asked how Rhodey was, and if there was anything at all he could do to be of use, and that since he and the Others had begun waiting for the new Accords to go through he’d felt so at a loss, and then,
“Anthony Edward Stark-“ Tony groans at the use of his full name, but he’s smiling and Steve’s smiling and his voice is soft as he squeezes Tony’s shoulder, “will you do me the honour, of allowing me to be your husband?” he asks, and he’s smiling softly, radiantly, when Tony tears his gaze from the ring to look up at him. The happiness of this moment, the hope for their future sits warm in Tony’s chest, and despite everything, there’s a burning at the back of his eyes.
Steve waits.
He doesn’t know, but now they’re eating shawarma and talking about what they’re going to do now, and the dragon half of Tony that usually lays dormant is urging for them to be close, for Tony to keep them close. It’s probably why the words,
Hoard sickness is fucking weird. When a dragon knows they
“Too obvious, and there’s not
He’d been unconscious for three days.
Natasha looks
Tony had been banned from the hospital for the last forty-four hours.
Or, more accurately, he hoards
Steve turns towards the door then – he hadn’t realised that Bruce, Rhodey and Natasha had slipped in to join Bucky and Sam at some point, but he can hear- no he can’t, it’s impossible, surely it is-
The Avengers move back into the compound, and Tony moves with them. He takes Friday, Dum-E, U and Butterfingers with him – so pretty much everything he owns – and is met by a bear-hug from a newly returned Thor when he explains that he’s not going anywhere. As per the Accords, he’s the liaison between the new and slowly expanding Avengers team and the World Council; Pepper is CEO, and Tony’s new duties to SI only take two days of his month, on paper. The reality is that with Shield gone and no longer adding to Tony’s once endless to-do list, he’ll have time to do more around the revolving upgrades to the Avengers tech and the meetings he’ll have to attend. The pressure’s off though, and it’s nice.
“Okay, Tony.” Steve laughed, allowing himself to be pulled into the elevator. Tony was bouncing on the balls of his feet – he’d wanted to share this with Steve since he’d realised the man was his jewel, but up until now he hadn’t known
Most people, if they knew, would assume he hoarded technology.
Steve had taken a hit in battle.
“He’ll wake up.” Bucky grumbles. “Or I’m gonna hav’ words.” He won’t even be looking at Steve, so Steve doesn’t look back. He hums, but it’s a hollow noise. He realises that Sam and Bucky are playing cards when Sam lets out a little “ha!”
Usually when people came to Vormir, they knew what they wanted, but not always what they had to do. Most came willingly. Most left disappointed. Some left murderers, usually shoulder to shoulder with their betrayal… there had been arguments, of course. But never quite like this.
The flaw in that plan was Pepper.
These two argue not for their lives, but for their deaths. Neither of them wants to save a world without the other in it. A third figure, as yet unnoticed but with a significant role in the events of the past and the events of yet to come, is on the precipice of realisation.
Were it not for the gaping hole in Tony’s chest and the rainforest outside the window, Tony could almost be home.
” Steve asked. “That’s- how do you-?”
“Is there any stroganoff left for me?” A voice asked, and Tony fumbled his landing, almost straight into Thor’s Thor-sized mug, in his haste to turn.
A couple might assume instruments, and Pepper would claim he hoarded paperwork because he never gave it back.
Now, Steve’s sat up and flicking through the morning news on his tablet with his thumb, and Tony’s just leaning in to him, savouring the quiet moment of Steve’s arm hooked around his shoulders, reading the odd word here and there, but not really caring. It’s a moment that’s purely them – Steve’s flicking too fast to be reading a thing, his fingers tracing absent patterns on Tony’s shoulder, and Tony’s hypothesis is confirmed when the tablet lies flat against Steve’s legs as Steve presses a kiss into Tony’s hair.
It’d finally be the right choice.
, he was continuing; “let me make it up to you. Hit me up,” he was holding out a card, an official looking business one with something scrawled in the corner, “and I’ll get you coffee sometime.”
He glanced back down at his page of the day, at the two lack-luster ducks and then the bright life that was the father underneath in several sketches and swore.
Leave his mouth.
It throws Tony off guard, because Natasha doesn’t show anything akin to weakness unless that in itself is an attack. She smiles when Tony falls into step beside her, though, small but genuine.
“Well, that settles it. My boys. My best boys. God,” Tony smiles, glancing between them. “I’m going to miss you.
Tony never really considered what being in a relationship openly with Steve might mean, but he’s almost eager to try. Steve seems a little more apprehensive of the backlash he’s going to get from their friends, but he’s not backing down. They’re going to tell them all, together, the united front they should’ve
Tony put down the solder, and turned fully to give Steve his full attention, considering how to answer. “In dragons,” he began slowly, “it is often expected that a dragon’s jewel is the same as their hoard. A book hoarder’s jewel will be a book, a plant hoarder’s jewel will be a plant.”
Steve was screwed.
on Steve’s face is beautiful. He looks like Tony’s just handed him the universe, with each and every little thing perfectly how he wants it.
Tony wanted to hurl the phone across the room.
“If you would talk to him, Anthony, you will not have to.” And with that, Thor claps him on the shoulder and returns to his reading.
Tony actually has a room in the Wakandan Palace, and most days he can’t get his head around that fact. It’s between Clint’s and an empty one, now, opposite Natasha’s. On his extended stays, it’s his, and T’Challa will loan him interesting books for the shelves on Tony’s rare down moments. Sam, Clint, Wanda… they’re all working towards coming back home. So’s Ant Man, who Tony’s not spoken to much and doesn’t really care to, but Tony’s not seen Steve. Not once. He’s been in Wakanda with some frequency for – fucking hell has it really been over a year? - and it’s like he’s not here.
“I do. It suits you.” Tony was glad to be partially shifted, or his blush would show on his face.
Steve had several rough sketches of the man on his page, stolen in glances and filled in with his voice as he talked to his son, and he was just trying to get that little bit of- of
It’d fit him perfectly. He’s so certain it would, and he longs to try it on but it’s… it’s not something he gets now. He’s not even sure when he
Tony enjoys regaling him with tales, and he ends up laid on the couch in the lab with his head on Rhodey’s lap and the bots gathered around him.
” Clint’s voice breaks over her name when she leads the way into the meeting room T’Challa has graciously loaned them. Tony follows, swallowing, but Clint crashes into Natasha before he sees Tony. He buries his face in the junction of her neck, hugging her tightly, and Natasha seems as shocked as Tony at the display of affection, but she hugs him back, kisses the top of his head. Clint pulls away after a long moment – and the dark bags under his eyes are immediately obvious, his hair clearly in need of a wash, and there’s blood starting to stain through the bandages on his knuckles. Clint mouths
“Eat, drink. I need to find clothes.” Tony pointed at the food and then at Steve, and Steve dutifully picked up one of the bags of trail mix and began to eat. Tony wandered over to the closet hidden behind a barrier, and dug around until he found underwear and comfortable jeans. He realised with a startled glance in the mirror that his eyes were still golden slits, and that while he’d lost the extra extremities that came with his dragon form, crimson scales were starting to take up permanent residence in small patches. He tugged on a shirt but left it hanging open, and returned to find that Steve had already moved on to a second snack bag. Tony grinned in triumph, and dropped down in front of him, cross-legged. “Shirt off, Rogers, I need to check you haven’t torn your stitches.” Tony told him.
The other three joined them at the table then. “You’re not mad?” Tony asked, hating himself for asking, but needing to know.
It was by far the easiest shift in his life, the anger at the harming of his hoard fuelling the smooth transition from mild-mannered billionaire, to fifteen feet of winged fury.
“Indeed. Let Mama Dragon care for his hoard.” She said, and Tony used Steve’s shock to shove him into the elevator. Jarvis took them up to Tony’s floor without a word, and Tony determinedly did not look Steve in the face as he carefully began to check him over and see if each scratch Tony could remember had healed. The elevator doors opened behind him, and it was then Steve began to protest.
“Upstairs,” Tony ordered, poking him in the chest. Steve didn’t move, just blinking at him in shock. “Now, Rogers.” Steve looked about to protest, but Thor cut him off.
T’Challa knows that Tony knows, it’s obvious in the way his smile turns sad then speculative as Tony thanks him for his hospitality with a little too much
The card read, with a number and a
. Tony almost deletes them, but he’s interrupted by a sharp knock and the door opening. Tony scrambles to his feet and drops the box behind the shelf, the phone abruptly shoved in his pocket – but Pepper’s pity is still there, still cuts him. She walks up to him carefully, and cradles his face in her hands, pushes his hair back from his face and kisses his forehead. She takes his hand and leads him out with clicking heels, and it’s only when he puts his hands back in his pockets to check the phone is still there that he realises why her face had fallen so; he’s still wearing the ring.
to make an ill-timed joke regarding the last time the split into two between Tony and Steve before Tony even thinks of it. It doesn’t ache like it did, and he doesn’t flinch. It’s a regret but not a problem, and the day is going to be spectacular. Rhodey, Pepper, Natasha and Clint are on Tony’s side, while Bucky, Sam, Thor and Sharon take Steve’s.
There had been one emotional evening in which Tony had admitted to carrying it around and wearing it, and tried to give it back. Steve had smiled through his sadness and guilt, and told Tony that it was his, his ring and his choice, as it had always been since Steve had bought it years ago, just after Sokovia. It’s sat in Tony’s drawer since, and for all intents and purposes, at the back of his mind.
Clint exclaimed from somewhere behind him, standing out amongst the shock that was yelled behind him. Tony grumbled a laugh, advancing in two steps to tower over the gun-wielding villain, wings stretched wide and high. The Villain (Particle Man?) had gone extremely pale.
“Tony, what-?” Steve began to ask, but he was cut off.
It takes a year, from there.
but suddenly the compound is full of life – Peter brings the few friends in on the secret with him when he visits, and there’s more super-powered individuals coming to light that train here some days. James – Tony still can’t quite call him Bucky, but it feels like a when and not an if – is getting better between psychologists, BARF, and the horrific yet entertaining friendship that is Bucky, Sam and Clint put together. They even drag Rhodey into their prank wars, and Tony has hours of footage saved by Friday for when he needs to laugh.
“Really? How does that work?” he asked – and Tony watched his fingers twitch, like he was itching to draw what the forest guardian might look like.
“I meant mine too,” Steve promises him, even as Tony’s pulling back. “I’m not ready t-to part.” Steve’s voice cracks, he’s crying in earnest and Tony is desperately trying not to, because they
” Tony finishes, and Thor is smiling at him fondly.
Steve stood in the doorway to the common floor, pale, still clearly not fully healed, and chest heaving. Tony narrowed his eyes. “S
“Of course not.” Steve murmured, but he didn’t look up. In fact, he looked impossibly sad for a moment, but Clint interrupted before Tony could ask what was wrong.
“What?! No! God, Steve, no.” Tony shook his head so fast that felt a little dizzy. How would he explain to Steve everything that was happening? “It’s just… A bit frustrating.”
He pulled Tony close to him because that was what he needed. This time without any hesitation or withdrawal. His lips met Tony's without any delicacy. Tony’s beard pinched a little, or tickled, Steve wasn’t sure. Maybe that's why he was laughing. Or maybe it was because he was finally kissing the man he had fallen in love with. Those were good reasons to be smiling to. And when the kiss was over and their faces separated, Steve saw that Tony was smiling too.
“What? No!” Steve didn’t know if he felt more uncomfortable, chocked or annoyed. He didn’t want to have this conversation with Tony, no way.
Like with technology. He still saw people looking carefully at him when they talked things like wireless, tablet, operational system and apps. He was struggling to not roll his eyes for those people, who probably thought he was dumb. In any moment of his life, before or after the serum, he had been a dumb person; and certainly would not start now.
“JARVIS?” Clint asked without looking at any particular point.
“Me?”
“Always.” Tony was still smiling, one that seemed plastered to his face, and the same that he always showed on magazines and for the paparazzi. He wished that Rogers didn’t notice. “For real. I’m happy for you.”
Because he always seemed to be full of energy, of course. Tony also didn’t sleep a lot, he had many things to do and sleeping was a luxury that people like Bruce had, with the excuse of being always relaxed to avoid unwanted appearances of the "other guy". But Tony knew that, if he didn’t want to sound like a low budget zombie, he needed some – actually a lot of – coffee mugs.
“We can call him Peter. Peter Stark-Rogers.”
But of course, when Tony was about to leave the room, his face burning with shame – it had been the first of many times that Steve saw Tony Stark blushing – Steve pulled him back. It was not an opportunity he would afford to lose. He completely understood the confusion in Tony’s gaze, especially as Steve gave a sweet smile before kissing him. Bath, tiredness, bed... nothing else mattered, not at that moment. Not when he had Tony in his arms, their lips caressing, warm and sweet. It was like he had completely lost his senses and the only thing that had logic was Tony’s body against his. At that moment Steve already knew that he had lost all of his defenses and it would be really difficult to force himself to live without being an important part of Tony’s life.
‘Have you ever loved somebody that didn’t love you back?’ was one of the questions he did during one of their late night conversations.
“Who wouldn’t, right?” Tony laugh, watching as Steve looked away once more, completely embarrassed. “I’m really happy about you guys.” And this time Tony really meant that.
So why the hell did Steve insist on spending so much time with him?
“No.” Tony said, his eyes glistening with tears. “This has nothing to do with you.”
When the light in the coffee machine turned green, showing that the coffee was ready, Tony felt so much joy that he actually thought he could cry – what would be really ugly. So he just uncoupled the jar and got his mug, ready to take both to his workshop and start a really great day.
“Wow, chill Captain!” Tony raised his hands, palms turned to Steve’s direction. At least now he wasn’t giving that ironic and annoying smile. “I’m just trying to help.”
“Nothing much. He just asked what is going on between the two of you.” Natasha handed him a towel, which he promptly placed against his face. In a few minutes his nose would return to normal.
“You… Is Captain America in love?”
Sometimes he caught himself imagining how Eddie should be. He had pictured him in many different ways: tall, short, fat, thin, blonde, brown, black, white, Asian... Everything that just made him thinks that his appearance didn’t matter at all. Sure, because he didn’t need a picture to make him feels everything he was feeling. Which would be the difference if Eddie was bald? None.
That wasn’t Steve.
Tony just stared at the man, not quite sure what to expect. He couldn’t understand how Steve could be so... Perfect. So mature and innocent at the same time. As a good engineer, genius and curious, Tony always felt the urge to figure out what the hell was going through Steve's head. Because ever since they had actually become friends, Steve was always there, next to Tony. And Tony knew that, most of the time, his company was not exactly the best in the Avengers Tower.
“You don’t like my coffee.” Steve frowned, looking too confuse to his own good.
, the man added to himself.
“I was asleep already, you–”
“You’ve been acting weird since I told about... The man who I’m… You know.” Steve’s face turned pink, which made Tony snort. He didn’t need the man to feel ashamed or to look so adorable. “You just talk to me the strictly necessary. You don’t even stay at the same room as me over than five minutes.”
"Of course it’s with each other, Rogers. Who else would I marry?” Stark waved an impatient hand. “Steve, this is very serious. You cannot be kidding me, I–”
“You can’t blame me. My boyfriend just asked me to marry him and I said yes. I have the right to be emotional.”
“The way you made me fall for you. Twice.” Tony finally said. He had to wait a couple seconds until Steve understood what he meant.
“JARVIS, block my workshop’s access through the Avengers code.” Tony eyes were still looking at Clint, watching his every moves and ready to start a fight in case Hawkeye was crazy enough to touch any of Tony’s stuff.
He couldn’t type. He wanted to answer Stephan’s message, he really did. But he just didn’t know how. Sure, he was still in love with Steve, he could not deny. But Steve was in love with someone else. Tony knew he had like zero chances with Captain America. And there was Stephan, an incredible man that he met through a site, the person with whom he talked every single day, maybe the only person that knew him better than Pepper and Rhodey, saying that he was in love with Tony.
He closed his eyes, feeling his head begin to throb. He covered his nose and mouth with his right hand. He tried to squeeze them a little, make a tiny pressure, but the pain didn’t allow him to push hard enough. He felt Natasha's arms around him, beginning to guide him through the training room, and soon he was sitting on a bench, finally opening his eyes.
“Was I that disappointing?” Steve finally asked without looking at Tony’s eyes.
But now Tony didn’t live in Malibu anymore. He was a current resident on the Avengers Tower in New York. And, unlike the peace he had in the old mansion, there was always someone walking through the tower, all the time. It didn’t matter when he was walking around, there were always somebody awake – and Tony had the most messed up schedules. Even five twenty past dawn, Tony would find Steve sitting on the kitchen, stand with two enormous sandwiches in front of him, and one already by half.
The little screwdriver slipped from Tony’s hand, falling to the floor and vanishing in the workshop’s mess. He took a deep breath, counting to five and asking himself how the hell he hadn’t listen Clint coming into his precious work place. He turned the chair, facing the blonde man. Clint had cuts and bandages all over his body, and even though Tony knew that when he was not with the Avengers Hawkeye still did lots of missions for SHIELD, Tony had the feeling that most of his injuries happened because he was often careless.
“Curiosity.” Tony thanked for Clint waiting to finish chewing before answering and shrugging.
“Did you want me to kiss you?” He had not stuttered this time, but his voice had been nothing more than a whisper. Was he feeling a pain in his chest because his heart was beating too fast? He had to remember how to breathe.
“Sorry, Cap!” Tony barely opened his mouth when he spoke, the murmur sounding through his teeth. It was the truth; he was barely paying attention to whatever was happening around him, especially if it was related to Steve.
want to smile. He wanted to scream. “Really good, Cap. I mean, wow, what a lucky woman right? The Captain America. I bet she’ll talk about it with her friends on tea time. Does she drink tea? Wait, don’t tell me, or else you’ll give me hints about who she is and you know I’d make her poor life a living hell. Wait, do I know her? No, again, don’t answer that. I really rather wait for the surprise. Hey, talking about surprises, that was really surprising, but I was on my way to the workshop, and have this Stark Industries app to finish and now I also need to redesign the training room so congrats for, you know, for your conquer, really. God bless America!”
The last thing Tony needed was another Captain America in his life.
Steve waited for fifteen minutes. He just didn’t freaked out because Eddie was sending messages all the time, telling he would be a little late but he would be there as soon as possible. And then, after the fifteen minutes, Steve waited ten more. Every time someone opened the door he glared anxious, but nobody ever went his way.
“So what is it about?” Steve was, once again, angry. Tony had the feeling that he could never make the man not angry. “Why did you suddenly start acting like a jerk?”
“Let me see if I got it right.” And here was Natasha's disapproval. Steve knew she would not be happy about the story. Maybe it had been better if he just kept quiet. “You're ignoring Tony after you almost kissed him.”
‘Stephan, I think we should meet.’
“And even though I feel in love with you.” Steve finally said. Tony changed from ‘offended’ to ‘embarrassed’ in a matter of seconds. Steve took one step closer to Tony, keeping a respectful distance but also surpassing the comfort zone. “May I kiss you now, Eddie?”
. We say it to each other almost daily.”
At moments like that Steve really understood why he had fallen in love with the man in front of him.
Because of this tiredness Tony allowed himself to create a fake account on a relationship site. Yes, he knew that it was too much juvenile and he did was past that phase. But he considered that it was the best idea he had had in awhile. Nobody in the site knew the profile was his; no one had preconceived ideas about him. The anonymity that internet offered sometimes was a gift.
“Or as normal as Tony Stark can be.” Steve shrugged and they both laugh. That was good, an innocent joke between the two of them, light. It was rare, but nice. Tony could get used to that.
“Tony?”
Eddie’s last message had aroused many different feelings in Steve. First, there was the warm feeling when he read that he was the most amazing person that Eddie had ever met, kind of inflating his ego. Then, that sad feeling that he didn’t really knew each other, and how Steve wanted so bad to meet Eddie. And, at least, the
“Yes. Him.”
Of course they did not become the most beautiful couple in New York – in Tony's words – on the same day – or even the next one. They being who they were, it was a really difficult process. Tony, in particular, was really difficult. Steve understood that the engineer was afraid of hurting him. Stark did not see in himself everything Steve did. So Rogers promised himself that for the rest of his life he would make sure Tony knew how incredible a person he was.
“I’m sorry, I just thought that–”
Steve's chest came up as he took a deep breath and leaned toward Tony.
That’s why, sometimes, Tony took longer than necessary to reply Stephan’s messages, taking even days in some cases, and in the end he just started a new topic. Stephan was polite enough to not insist on topics that Tony ignored in a not very subtle way, and that just made Tony likes the man even more. What kind of complicated things. Because in Tony’s life nothing was ever simple.
“Write that down, JARVIS: I’ll give you to college students.” Tony sighed, almost forgetting about Clint. Again he looked at Hawkeye, who seemed about to touch one of his holograms. “Don’t. What do you want, Barton?”
By the time the meeting ended Tony was almost thirty minutes late, what made him want to scream, but he just asked Happy to drive the fastest he could to the damn coffee, so he could, finally, meet Stephan and start to realize a least two of his plans.
He knew what Natasha meant. Almost a month ago, during a morning talk, she had asked him about his feelings for Tony. Steve had no reason to lie to the woman he regarded as a good friend. He knew that her ability to keep a secret was unique.
“What are your plans for today?” Tony caught himself asking, really impressed with the way his voice sounded like he was interested at the answer.
“Steve! This is crazy. You were supposed to be Stephan, a complete strange!”
“I hate being this person, but you look terrible, Steve.”
Steve left the Tower ten minutes early, causing him to arrive before the scheduled time. He didn’t know if Eddie was a person that was usually late, but he didn’t really care. He chose the table carefully, a little further away, so they could talk in peace, and also it was the only table with a jug of blue flowers, which made it easier to explain in which part of the coffee he was.
“Why Steve? Why not, I don’t know, Bruce?”
“Tony? Are you alright?” Steve seemed to be really preoccupied about him. Of course he noticed how nervous Tony was, he didn’t exactly hid it.
’” Steve stopped himself and faced Tony, waiting for a reaction.
“Steve...” Natasha sounded worried now. Because, of course, he had been too quiet for too long.
‘Why don’t we fall in love with each other?’ Tony sent the message, feeling his heartbeat increase, anxiously waiting for the answer.
was uncomfortable. Of course he was uncomfortable. He and Tony barely took time to make small talk like that or talk about anything else that wasn’t about the Avengers. Tony looked at the coffee machine, desperate, hoping that it showed the green light and he could leave the kitchen.
“Steve!”
“All day long? I’m not sure.” Steve sat at the same chair Clint had used earlier. “What have you been doing?”
They finally were talking normally again. Steve still felt really ashamed for accusing the man of homophobia, but in his defense it really looked like that. He still had no idea about what made Tony act like that, but as Tony said himself, that wasn’t happening anymore and Steve was really grateful. It was good having Tony Stark as a friend.
“It is true. I even know that your favorite ice cream flavor is pecan butter.”
Unlike Barton, Steve was perfect, like someone carved in marble. The super soldier’s serum never allowed battle scratches and bruises to last more than a day on Steve’s skin. The Captain was used to take care of everyone, except himself. He was always the first one to jump in front of any teammate if it meant save his or hers life. That’s why Tony claimed that his perfection was the serum’s fault.
“There it is.” another bite, leaving now only a small piece.
“Did you sleep at all this night?” sometimes Steve sounded like a mother. After he discovered Tony’s lack sleep habits, that question had become really frequent and, honestly, very annoying.
Steve can’t get the words out of his head. He still doesn’t know if Peter meant them. He doesn’t know what they’ll do if he did – not that he knows any more about what they’ll do if he didn’t, but that still seems like less of a shit show.
“Holy
The wedding isn’t big, despite what everyone – Steve included – had thought Tony would want. While the Avengers now recognise Tony’s so much less of a socialite than the media portrays him, when it’s his choice, they all still think of him as a show-off; and marrying Captain America is a pretty big fucking achievement to flaunt.
“It’s the best way.” Tony’s got no fight in him. He hasn’t in a long time. “Earth needs you more than it needs me.”
Villain of the Week – with a particle gun. That leaves them all stood weaponless, with no way to stop him. Mjolnir will reform, but not yet, and one more blast with that gun, and the Avengers will be dust.
“I really like this shirt...” He muttered grumpily, rolling his shoulders. “Somebody tell Pepper I’m sorry about this?” he tossed over his shoulder, walking forwards.
“That’s great Peter,” the father began, and Peter glanced back, seeming to realise the ducks had moved away.
Natasha merely raises an eyebrow at him, and Clint is gaping at him, Steve looks confused and Bruce looks wary, but Thor is smiling brightly at him.
“I didn’t realise though! Sure, Nat’s part faye and we’re comfortable around each other because of that magical thrum- not that she knows what I am yet- and Clint’s definitely got some gryphon ancestry somewhere, and Bruce has the weirdest lycanthropy you’ve ever seen, but Steve’s
, but right now that isn’t what he wants. He pulls back, laughing at Steve’s tiny whine and the cute little furrow of his brows as he does. He has to rummage in the drawer for a moment to find the box, and it’s not quite entirely hidden by his hand when he can sink back into Steve’s embrace. He takes Steve’s hand from the tablet and presses the box into his palm, curls Steve’s fingers around it purposefully.
“I was… angry.” She had tried to explain. “I thought you were treating me like a child, or, or a weapon to be locked away, and then when-“ she doesn’t say his name, but Tony hears it loud and clear and only just suppresses a flinch with it, “
Tony fingers the ring in his pocket, and dropping it into the pocket of his sleep pants, decides that he’s going to go for a walk – he has free reign of this wing of the palace, after all, and sleep eludes him as it often does now-a-days.
Steve wonders, idly, if they’re the only people in the world dealing with a loss right now, or if there’s still chaos on the streets outside. A part of him wonders if the sky is still as blue as it was, but the rest of him knows it won’t be, not when Iron Man will never- will never-
“You’re still you.” He murmured eventually. “That’s all that matters to me.” Steve went to pull away, but Tony gently held him in place with the hand on his cheek. “Tony?”
“I owe you.” Tony agreed, smiling back all teeth, and Pepper sighed.
, Steve. My
Feels rather nice, actually.
the ducks – letting out what, for a toddler, was quite a mighty roar.
“Too long.” Steve quirked a small smile and glanced down at him. “They only stopped because Thor pointed out a dragon’s hoard is often private.” Tony laughed.
“I had wondered what you were.” Bruce replied with a smile, and Natasha took a seat to his other side to agree.
And thirty-four hours until it killed him.
Thor nods understandably when Tony goes to him in a panic – Rhodey had hung up on him, and Thor was the only one who knew, who even if he hadn’t worked it out, the only one of the Avengers that he knew wouldn’t care. “I had suspected for some time... you and the good Captain have become close,
Anthony Stark-Rogers flinches at question Steven Rogers-Stark poses to him and wishes there was a way to avoid it.
“Sometimes, a jewel is... a jewel pertains to that dragon’s
“We should head back to the tower,
He hits send, and
“If… that morning. If I had asked,” Steve looks for all the world like he’d rather be anywhere but here, “would you have said yes?” he asked softly, and Tony knew what he was referring to. The ring, that Steve had no idea was anywhere but that desk, burned in his pocket.
“I’m very visibly not human, Steve – and yet, you’re just…” Tony trailed off, and Steve looked a little like a rabbit caught in headlights.
“Huh. Um, well- here.” Tony held the book out to him, and Steve took it reverently, tracing his fingers over the inscription in the heavy binding with a feather-light touch. “This was my mother’s jewel,” Tony told him, and Steve looked up from the cover to gape at him. “My grandmama’s journal. A wealth of information on dragon lore.”
“Tony, shut up!” right, now Steve was just mad. “This is absolutely none of you business, don’t get in my life!”
Tony knew that that temperature was high enough to burn his whole mouth, but Steve didn’t seem to care. He just shrugged before go back to the workshop and give attention to the things that really matter.
Steve was worried about Eddie and Tony.
The battle lasted a long time, and Tony was pretty sure that it just happened because he wasn’t as collaborative as he should. As soon as the Avengers were dispensed, Tony flew alone back to the Tower, checking his cell phone and finding that Stephan hadn’t left any messages. That was fine, he had sent a message early in the morning, everything was fine.
Steve kissed him again. They would marry in the close future. And in thirty years they would still be together and happy because it just could not be different. If fate would allow it, he would spend the rest of his life with Tony. His future husband. The person he loved the most in that world – until they had Peter, then love would have to be divided. And everything would always end well.
“Well, would be kinda fun seeing Captain America as part of an extramarital relationship, so many articles written about it.” Tony shrugged, ignoring the look of hatred that Steve threw at him. “So, if she is not in a relationship, what is it? Insecurity? Are you afraid of not being good on bed? Don’t be a good kisser? Steve, have you ever kissed somebody?”
“I did.” Steve gave him a shy smile, looking away.
“What did Clint tell Tony?” He felt blood invade his mouth, making some syllables sound funny. If it wasn’t for the pain he'd laugh a little.
“Why didn’t you kiss me, Steve?” two steps more. Steve was already feeling trapped. He had nowhere to run.
They had been together for over two years now, stable and happy. Of course it was not perfect all the time, no relationship was, but Steve had never been as happy as he was with the engineer. Tony, even with his almost daily complaints and sarcasm, was still everything Steve had wanted in someone else. In his own way, Tony was sweet, funny and affectionate. And it made Steve extremely happy.
happy. “What did Tony do when you tried to kiss him?”
“I wasn’t expecting it to be you.”
At the end, even if Tony’s biggest wish was to be as close as possible from Steve, it always seemed that his attempts to approach just made the blond even more far from him. And he could not even blame him.
Steve's throat stuck a scream as he opened the door to his own room and found Tony sitting on his bed playing at his own cell phone. Tony looked up as he heard the door open, staring at Steve, whom stood in the doorway, still trying to figure out what was going on there.
Tony did a little effort to catch Steve’s lips again. It was true; he was the most amazing person Tony had ever met – twice. And even though it seemed that he would never get tired of knowing him more and more.
Tony looked and the screen and sighed. Stephan. He could fell for Stephan. It would be way easier, that was for sure. Maybe with the exception that they didn’t meet in person, but this could be easily solved. Besides that, he knew he could be happier if he was in love with Stephan.
Peter’s still unconscious in the hospital bed. Steve can’t let go of his hand, won’t let go. Peter can’t wake up here alone. Steve even made them move the bed – he sits between Peter and the door, the only defence left that he can provide, keeping Peter’s right hand safe in his. His left is bandaged up, apparently healing fine, and Steve hopes the doctors are right.
, and if you can, stay at this level of Shift. Board meeting tomorrow, 10am. You owe me.”
, and Tony spent so much of the day before grinning that his face hurt even before Rhodey was escorting him up the aisle. That’d been Tony’s choice, and he hadn’t thought about how big it really was until a slightly tipsy Rhodey was crying on his shoulder about honour and brotherhood and sounding eerily like Thor that Tony had had trouble not laughing at him.
“Dragon Jewel’s are impervious to decay, but that... I’ve never heard of a soul hoarder. Dragons don’t believe in star fates for a reason. I cannot bare to lose a jewel Thor.”
Tony steps back.
Opening the drawer of Steve’s desk – and lord was it bad enough he was sat in
He covers it up nicely, dispels all reports of the deep crimson dragon seen in the area, and tends to Tony himself until his crimson and gold scales fade back and his eyes return to human. He elects not to ask for a while – not until Tony has built his cover story in the form of red and golden armour, found a way to deal with Obadiah, and ensured his hoard will not lose anyone else – and when he does, he does so with kindness.
” His voice breaks, an
, but it’s almost a promise of the notion, and she sits between Vision and Sam, quiet but not ill at ease, and Tony thinks forgiveness isn’t so hard to achieve when Vision is smiling like that.
ashamed of his heritage, but he’d learnt early on that older generations didn’t care to do business with dragons. Thus, his eyes were merely golder than they should be, and Tony hoarded in his heart but never in a way that could be deemed more than eccentric, a way that could be deemed
… I made mistakes. You were trying to protect me, and keep me at
, and Tony’s surprisingly un-terrified. Tony whirls once he’s stepped out of his armour – they’re in Tony’s space, Tony’s workspace where everything important to him seems to happen – ready to face Steve and defend himself, but he’s not given the chance.
“Tony?” Natasha called out, and Tony slightly raised a blanket to look at her. Since Tony’s coming out, her eyes remained pink, and Tony’s often remained in their natural form because of it. “Oh Antoshka…” she murmured, coming forward slowly and folding herself down onto the cushions beside his head. She ran a hand through his hair, and Tony couldn’t help but lean up into the touch. She smiled lightly for a moment, threading her fingers through and neatening his unwashed curls around his horns.
“You must have an excellent boyfriend. Sorry, fiancé.”
“I used the Avengers access code.” the blonde man shrugged, sitting on an empty chair at the workshop, and Tony didn’t even know why he had one, since it could cause the misconception that he would enjoy to have visitors.
“Tony, we need to talk.” He used his serious voice, the one that Tony liked to call ‘America’s Voice’. Steve’s arms were crossed in front of his body in a protective way and his eyebrows were as wrinkled as possible.
“Interrupt simulation.” Steve’s voice was puffy, his chest going up and down rapidly, trying to steady his breath. His blue eyes locked on Tony’s brown with curiosity and a little bit of concern. “Did anything happen, Tony?”
Tony’s eyes widened at once, as if all the sleep he felt was simply gone. He then sat on the mattress, pulling the blanket that covered them. Stark’s hand quickly found the lamp, lighting a faint yellow light and illuminating the bed.
Tony went down the two necessaries floors in a couple minutes, arriving in front of the training room in maybe one. The only person inside was Steve. Many of the robots and armaments that Tony had designed especially for the trainings were on the floor, and some others attacked Steve with all they’ve got – which in that particular moment didn’t seem to be enough, just one more concern to Tony Stark’s giant list.
“I didn’t sleep?” The man looked at him uncertainly, as if he knew the answer might cause him trouble.
Since the day he'd almost kissed Tony, Steve didn’t feel able to look at the man's face. Tony had even tried to approach two or three times, but Steve simply could not face him. It was so shameful! He had almost kissed a person without consent!
“How did you get in here, Barton?”
“You and Pepper do rehearse a script, don’t you?” Tony's revulsion made Steve giggle and place another kiss on his shoulder and neck. “It would’ve been so much better to have stayed here with you.”
Tony curiously studied it. He remembered when he'd helped Steve to choose that drawing table. It should have been over a year, but even so the object seemed newly bought. Tony could not help but be impressed by the Captain's care for absolutely everything. He wasn’t the Avengers' leader for nothing.
, like in ‘
