Dean looks inside the bathroom. Cas is barefoot and shirtless and making a mess. Dean smiles at him affectionately. He still can’t believe they just happened to find Cas. It was a good thing they did find him though, as he is thinner, much thinner, and covered in bruises and scars. He looks tired even after the impromptu nap in the car. How much longer could he have had walked to get to the bunker? How much more could those blistered feet have taken?
The second angel they found turned out to be a baby. Much like when Anna had fallen, a couple that had been unable to conceive for years found themselves expecting. They left the couple alone, and marked the place where the grace had landed.
But he smiles and says, "You should do that more." And Castiel thinks that he’ll try to do so. Laughing felt good. "Are you ready to go back to sleep again?"
“Medication, right. Could it be easily obtained?” Whatever Sam was saying, they were buying it.
Dean could join them, look into the books or past cases to find a solution. But with all the driving around, rounding up angels, he needs some alone time, with his thoughts, with his bed, with his things. Funny how before they had the bunker he could have, and had indeed, gone years on the road, from one motel to another, to nights slept inside the car, without any problem. But now he has a home, and he craves being able to just use his space, sleep in his bed, put on his records… In fact, he decides it’s time for a little music, to chase away the silence.
"Just, just let me slow down a bit. I don’t want it to be over in 5 minutes."
Castiel remembers. He had just saved Dean, didn't really know him then, didn't really care to know. He had been the perfect little soldier, battling on, no questions asked. But Dean's dreamscape had been so unlike what he had expected. For someone that had just spent 40 years in Hell it was surprisingly peaceful and horror free. For someone that had been dealing with the supernatural from a very young age, it was surprisingly ordinary. For such a hardened man, it was surprisingly beautiful. That had been the first crack in Castiel very imperfect armor. There had been a resonance in those dreams, of a soldier that should have never been so.
"Exactly. So I'm going to check it out. When I know something I'll call you."
"Heya there! Anything I can help you with?" Castiel winces at the loudness of his voice.
"Almost human, and still not a good person."
"I don't know. You've been human longer than me, what does one normally do when they stay in bed all day?"
After two weeks of this Dean was getting stir crazy. He had to make sure Sam was eating. He had to make sure Kevin was eating and taking breaks and actually sleeping. He had to force Crowley to take a shower when the stink became unbearable. He had to get out of there, and a grocery run was the perfect excuse.
"You looked like you were having another nightmare. And I was having trouble waking you up."
"I suppose one makes family along the way. So, you from Kansas?"
Dean leaves Cas in the bathroom. He picks a t-shirt, boxer shorts and a pair of sweats. They will probably fit. The towels are next. He is gone about 3 minutes, but when he returns to the bathroom Cas doesn’t seem to have moved. He is still clutching the washcloth like a lifesaver. The water is still running from the sink tap.
"Still sore," it's what Dean gets, but since Cas has not lifted his head, it could have been something else too.
"Sleep, which is out because you're not tired. Mope, but you are not depressed or morose by character. Watch TV, or read, I suppose. But most times, there are two people involved, to keep each other company."
Dean shrugs it off and decides to redouble his efforts. Unfortunately, he doesn’t get very far. As soon as Dean moves to continue bobbing his head, Cas’s hands yank his head back, hard enough it brings tears to his eyes. Dean pulls off of him with an obscene
him, Dean? It’s a miracle he didn’t follow you over here.”
he murmurs.
Enjoy!
“I shouldn't have told you to leave, Dean. Not after I…”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” he replies. “I don’t wanna dig up any old hurt, you know?”
of kitchen knives, why not use more than one? And furthermore, what exactly do the different knives do? If one knife can kill every demon that wants to attack Dean, why would
Dean frowns.
Cas’s eyes glitter with amusement.
“Um...no,” he admits.
Cas looks up at him and is
Thank you so much reading, I hope you like it so far!
Dean gestures vaguely. Somehow, Sam interprets the meaning.
Dean glances up at him, then stares pointedly at the table.
Enjoy! :)
Cas visibly
Dean makes a noise of approval.
As per usual, the next installment shall be up soon!
“What do you suggest I do?” Cas asks suddenly.
Dean is when it comes to pleasure. He plants a gentle kiss on Dean’s knee and twists his wrist, shifting his fingers inside of Dean. The hunter writhes.
“I don’t think your work is boring,” he says.
“I’m not complaining. It felt
Dean wakes up with a crick in his neck and a strange feeling in the pit of his stomach. The events of the previous night return in a flash—making out with Cas followed by fighting with Cas, then spilling it all to Sam. He slowly rolls over onto his back and stares up at the ceiling. He lets out a loud sigh and runs a hand over his face. Dean’s not sure what time it is, but his brain has decided it’s time for him to be awake and his body is protesting loudly. He reaches over and switches on the small bedside lamp that sits atop his nightstand. He blinks, groaning, as his eyes adjust to the light. Glancing down, Dean realizes that he’s wearing his jeans and t-shirt from the night before.
Even if you’ve said you’re sorry, say it again. It’ll go a long way.”
“Indeed, we didn’t,” Cas agrees.
He keeps an arm firmly looped around Dean’s waist, holding him close. Once they’re inside the bathroom, Cas presses a kiss to Dean’s lips and starts the water running. When he’s satisfied that the water is warm enough, Cas winds his arms around Dean and starts pulling him into the shower. When Dean shoots him a strange look, Cas kisses him again.
“Didn’t you just do that?” Dean asks.
fun,” Sam adds, giving him a meaningful look.
The angel runs his fingers through his hair and scrubs the botched brownie mix off of his face and arms as Dean maneuvers the shower head around him, making sure there isn’t any flour or cocoa powder they missed. It isn’t a proper shower, but it’ll do. Dean turns off the water and replaces the shower head, then fetches Cas a clean towel from the nearby cupboard. Cas quickly dries off and wraps the towel around his waist. Dean picks up the angel’s dirty clothes and takes them to the laundry room while Cas goes to their bedroom. Dean throws the flour-caked clothes into the wash, then slips inside their room, shutting the door behind him. The angel is still wearing nothing but a towel, sitting on the edge of their bed, pouting. Dean knows he’s upset about not being able to bake. Since discovering he has the free time to do virtually whatever he wants, Cas has tried taking up hobbies.
he says firmly, as if he were scolding a bad puppy and not an angel of the Lord. “Not at the table.”
“—I will
“I think I might need something a little...
“I mean, last time we went out to a bar,” Sam continues, “you flirted with a couple guys and you seemed pretty happy.”
about how it feels to have Cas like this. He
“We don’t need it,” the angel says in a low voice, knowing what Dean was reaching for.
Cas cracks an eye open at him. It’s too dark for Dean to see Cas looking at him, but Cas can make out Dean’s features clearly, not needing light to do so. The hunter has a lazy grin on his face, his eyebrows raised slightly.
Cas pulls back to look at him.
As always, thanks for reading! I hope you liked reading this chapter, because I personally enjoyed writing it.
“I really like the way you interact with Jack,” he says. “I know things were...
face that turns red.
you go there, I’ll follow you. I’ll stay here, like a human, with you for as long as you live. Then, when your time is up, I’ll meet you in Heaven.”
Everything goes off without a hitch. Dean drives to the home goods store where he and Sam first took Cas when this whole affair began, grinning like an idiot the entire way. Once inside, it only takes him a few minutes to track down what he’s looking for. He finds it with the other stock paintings the store carries, and for an instant, he feels a little embarrassed. For something he’s making such a big deal out of, Dean almost wishes it was more important-looking, more expensive...or at least unique enough to not be one of five paintings in stock. He quickly pushes these thoughts down however, reminding himself that it isn’t about any of that. It’s about getting a gift for Cas, a gift that could only mean something coming from
The hunter clears his throat and tries to turn his attention back to the computer. Cas leans in even closer, practically draping himself over Dean. He plants a slow, deliberate kiss on the side of Dean’s neck. It’s gentle, but the meaning is clear. Dean licks his lips nervously. Cas kisses him again, this time a bit more insistently. That kiss leads to another, then another, then Cas discovers a sensitive spot on his neck, just below his ear. Dean lets out a low moan at that, but it’s quickly drowned out by the sound of someone very loudly and very indignantly clearing their throat. Dean and Cas both snap their heads in the direction of the noise, only to find Sam sitting on the couch at the other end of the room, glaring at them.
between the two of you at first, but you’ve done nothing but look after him and care for him.”
After a moment, Cas nods. Dean doesn’t know what to make of that.
“Can I stay with you?” he asks, stepping towards the end of Dean’s bed.
“Your voice carries quite well, especially when you get excited,” he informs Dean.
Dean laughs quietly and presses a kiss to Cas’s chin.
“That was...unexpected,” Cas says.
With that, Dean shifts slightly, rolling half-onto Cas and sliding a knee between the angel’s legs. He presses a kiss to the side of Cas’s neck. Then another. Cas hums softly, more like he’s trying to figure out what Dean’s doing than anything else. Dean quickly finds the sweet spot along the front of Cas’s throat and slides his hand under Cas’s shirt. It’s moments like this when Dean’s glad he’s convinced the angel of the importance of wearing comfortable clothes around the bunker. It’s
Dean says quietly.
Sam does, in fact, complain about being subjected to donuts and coffee for breakfast—well, more the donuts than the coffee. But then, Sam’s reminded that he happened to interrupt a very important, private moment between Dean and Cas, causing him to quickly drop his objections. Naturally, Dean takes Cas with him to go get breakfast. They ride in comfortable silence, with Cas’s hand resting on Dean’s thigh and Dean managing little touches and pats when he doesn't need both hands to drive. When they get back, breakfast is held in—
“I know,” Dean tells him. “It’s okay, Cas. Let go for me.”
expectations. Whatever you’re comfortable with—”
“It kinda makes sense, Dean. I mean, it all adds up. The room, the bedding, the tv, the whole gift-giving thing, the being glued to you...Now apparently wanting you to sleep with him? It all pieces together pretty nicely.”
“Boy, you are just
“Yes, Dean. I knew.”
sorry,” he murmurs, pulling Cas into a tight hug.
today.”
“Thank you, Dean,” the second one, a tall brunette, says. “But I think my friend and I are good. It was nice meeting you.”
“Good.”
He makes a soft noise as Cas suddenly claims his lips in a kiss. Dean’s arms wind around his neck, and the angel keeps their lips sealed together until Dean almost can’t stand it any longer. Cas kisses him until he’s breathless, until Dean is pawing at his shoulders to tell him he needs a break, he needs to
angle. But
“Well, you need to get going. Don’t wanna keep Cas waiting,” he says.
“Why don’t you do it,” he tells Cas.
surprised about. He expected Dean to be a bit more indignant about the whole thing.
with intent. “I think you’ve still got some more...
After what could be either a few minutes, or a few hours, the angel kicks things up a notch. He licks a stripe up Dean’s neck, pulling a loud, shuddering gasp out of him. Dean shifts his legs so he can wrap them around Cas’s hips, pulling the two of them even closer together. Cas gives a low, appreciative hum against Dean’s throat at that, and the vibration of the sound against his skin makes Dean shiver. Cas continues lavishing attention on Dean’s neck, then slowly begins making his way down to the top of Dean’s chest. Just when Dean thinks he can relax into the feeling, Cas nips at the skin on his collarbone. He jolts, moaning loudly. Cas lets out a low chuckle, enjoying Dean’s reaction. He pulls back to look at him.
“Sure...I think I would like that.”
“Cas told me to leave,” he adds. “He just
Dean huffs.
Sam takes it, looking at it carefully. He turns the simple leather-bound book over in his hands. He quickly opens it, glancing inside.
Cas sighs, walking over to Dean.
“I’ll handle this,” Cas says softly, rubbing Dean’s back.
“But I
Cas asks, his voice barely above a whisper.
Cas kisses him softly, then slides a hand between them, wrapping his fingers, which are suddenly slick, around Dean’s cock. He keeps his strokes light, making them in time with each of his thrusts. Dean moans loudly, then captures Cas’s lips in a kiss.
"You don’t have to. If you’d rather stay here trying to find something about the angels. It’s not a job. It’s just Cas."
"And now?"
"What?" he manages to ask, while sitting up on the bed, Dean still looming over him.
"I wasn’t looking to buy. I need to get hold of them." Castiel cuts in. He is not interested in the car or the young man’s opinion of it.
"We now know they will not stop to listen and really want us dead." Sam says with pointed look and Dean has to admit that this was the first angel they couldn't talk out of murdering intent and revenge.
"We already knew that."
“Mr. McMurphy is qualified then? I’m not sure I’m comfortable with letting a civilian drive a violent…”
"I’d like to get cleaned up first," Cas says, his voice a little louder than before.
"I do, Dean. I let Metatron fool me. I should have known better than to trust him. It seems that every angel is rotten to the core, power hungry."
On the weeks after his discovery of the pleasures of masturbation, Castiel did not refrain from it, finding secluded places where he could pleasure himself in peace. Being homeless meant that secluded was still in the open, just not on the main street. He is surprised when a woman appears, as dirty and malnourished as he is, possibly under the effect of some drug, or the withdrawal of it. Castiel hand stops mid motion, and she eyes him, a smile spreading on her face.
"Now, Sam!" He screams but Sam is already on it, stabbing the angel on the chest. He lights up, which they had doubts if it would happen. But if the angel had been graceless a stab is a stab is a stab.
"Anything?" Sam asks, sliding into the booth.
“Osawatomie, right. The thing is, we have an individual here, violent, with… I’m going to call it superpowers because that’s just what it looks like. And a former colleague of yours, Mr. Jack McMurphy, tells us that he is a patient of yours, by the name of William Dunn. Is that correct?
"Dean?" Cas asks, still short of breath.
The rest of the trip is filled with small talk, and John has a lot of stories to share to fill the hours. He gives hitchhikers a ride frequently, as it gives him some company for the long drives, and adds to his long list of adventures.
Dean could have just told him it feels better. But his smile turn predatory. "I'll show you."
. It doesn’t excuse God, and Castiel doesn’t forgive him for abandoning them, for abandoning
So, this is finally done!
“He made deals to get people into Hell, not Heaven.” Dean has no idea what happened in the church between Sam and Crowley, but his brother is a lot more sympathetic towards the demon. Dean would have put Ruby's knife through his eyes if it weren't for Sam stopping him.
Dean wakes up to noises in the bunker and at first he is disoriented because the door is on the wrong side and something is trapping his arm. He looks down to figure out what it is only to find Cas fast asleep, snoring lightly. He smiles, realizing he must have also fallen asleep sometime during last night.
And he does. He starts by just pressing his lips, like Cas had done. He leaves light kisses along Cas's neck, and he knows Cas is not impressed. When he starts to get antsy, to the point he might complain, Dean lets his tongue flick the skin, just briefly, but it's enough for Cas to be surprised.
Castiel has no more words to properly thank this man, so he nods and smiles, and takes the money. He figures that this is why he always rebelled before, because in the midst of war, and pettiness, and greed, and violence, there is always this spark of goodness, of selflessness, of caring, of love, that all the angels on heaven could never understand. They followed orders, they loved because they were told to. They could never understand choosing to be this good.
"Seems a good combination. Were you sleeping with him?"
Sam doesn’t even glance at the laptop. “You think it’s him?”
He turns off the music before answering. "Hello?"
Dean nods, but realizes that Cas has his eyes closed and can’t really see his answer. This gives him time to do a double take on what Cas had said. "Wait, did you just make a joke?"
"Okay, get your pants off, so I can check your legs." Cas does it without questioning or looking at Dean. Dean averts his eyes, not sure why. And also not sure why it’s so important to him to make sure every inch of Cas’s body is checked for wounds and splinters. He tries not to linger on that, although tiredness and the stress from the past week mean that he has very little control about where his mind drifts to.
"Do you know them? They were a weird pair, asking strange questions around town, ‘bout miracles and new people here."
“Maybe Crowley knows something…”
"Yes, please. I... Umm, I lost all my things, that's why I need to get in touch with them, they are friends, they can help me." The man, Castiel finally sees a name tag, upside down, Carl, nods and gets him the phone. As he expected the number is disconnected, at least it’s the message he gets.
"So, your head
"I would say it was after we discovered that the hard pagan god hunt was actually an archangel." Sam says without looking up from his files and news clippings.
"Dean…," he starts, looking at his hands. He looks perfectly comfortable being naked, and it isn't anything that Dean hasn't seen yet, although he is glad that this time there are no bees. But even if Cas is human, there are some things that will never change, and Dean feels that Cas is far too close, far closer than anyone would have been even fully clothed, or at least anyone other than Cas.
Again with the half smile, but this one is clearly forced, trying to mask sadness and failing. "I’m tired, Dean. I ache all over, and I have no idea what to do. I had one goal and it was to get here, because you and Sam would surely know what to do. But Metatron messed with my head, I couldn’t remember how to contact you, I only remembered I had your numbers written down once I let go of the coat and was far away. I hitchhiked, but most times I wasn’t even going in the right direction. And the closer I got here, the more confused I got. When you found me I was losing hope, I was so ready to lie down on the road, let night come and just…"
Castiel nods at him. He is being very helpful, though he is expecting the phone number to be a dead end. He knows how Dean works. That phone number is going to be a fake one, as it is tied to a payment with a fraudulent credit card. He takes the small card with the number in it and just stares at it.
"Yes, Dean," Castiel answers, nodding slightly.
"Well, after you left, someone came by, looking for you. A friend of yours, Jimmy."
They are almost near the car when Cas opens his eyes. "Dean...? Is that you? Sam?" He asks, his voice barely louder than a whisper, and hoarse.
"Are you sure that Metatron hasn't been messing with your dreams?" Dean steps back and starts pacing, still worried, and Castiel can't blame him, not after Naomi had controlled him like she had the past year. Having his dreams controlled by someone who they are sure has not a single good intention in them, that was reason enough to be concerned.
He tries to figure what time it is, but there are no clocks in Cas’s room. The noises are probably Sam, which could mean it's really early and he is going out for a run, or just early, and he is back.
The third angel was much like Muriel, only less angry and more depressed.
“Dean. You have to accept that he might be dead or not coming back.”
He muses this as he observes a couple, possibly a recent relationship by the amount corny sugary phrases being used. He is waiting for Sam, looking at the news reports of meteor showers and miracles and strange amnesiac men.
He is 30 miles outside Denver, exiting a mini-mart when he hears the unmistakable roar of a ‘67 Chevy Impala. He turns his head to find the source of the sound, just in time to see it turn from the parking lot of a motel and speed out of town. Castiel just stares into the distance, seeing the car get smaller and smaller. He supposes he could have tried running, hoping Dean would spot him in the rear-view mirror. But he doubts he could even muster the energy for a quick jog.
It's not because he feels ashamed of those feelings, not that. Part has always been the fact that Cas is an angel. Or was. Sam had had relationships with monsters and other supernatural beings, but Dean had always tried to avoid it. Not always possible, true, if he missed the fact that who he was fucking was something other than human. And it had always been just that. Just sex, casual, one time things,
"Sammy?"
Cas blinks at the light, but he manages to get out of the car on his own. Sam and Dean help him down to the bunker. When they reach the reading room, Cas throws a hated look towards Crowley and nods to Kevin. Charlie waves, but Dean realizes they never met.
"Dean, be careful. If he has angel mojo it could be Metatron."
“Sure, sure, officers. Is just that I used to work down in Osawatomie and Billy here was a patient there. You can imagine my shock when I saw him on the news. He shouldn’t be outside, at least not without his meds.”
"Sure? No, of course not. As human I lack that kind certainty. But it never felt like my memories were altered, beyond the confusion that seems to be a product of the spell," he tries to explain. It's hard though, because he is not even sure how Metatron managed to do that.
"Hello. The two men that left, in the black Impala, are they coming back?" No time for beating around the bush or making small talk. The quicker he could find Sam and Dean the quicker he could rest and let his guard down.
"No, none at all. All gone." Castiel says, and he supposes it is true. Even with the fallen angels still walking the earth, he was human, any ties to them were gone.
“Fine, we’ll make a release form and a liability waiver and whatever other legal mumbo-jumbo we can find to make this not our problem. But Muriel here will have to be interrogated.”
"Not exactly, they are friends, but they are the closest thing I have to family these days." He remembered Dean telling him, he was family. He was needed. He hoped it was still true.
Dean can’t believe what he is hearing. He thought Sam liked Cas. “Are you saying that you rather just forget about Cas? Is that it?”
“A few things worth checking out close by. But check this one, miracle man in Oregon. I think it’s worth the drive.”
"It’s just that, before— You have never shown much interest in this."
"Bunker is closer. We got medical supplies, some is old as balls, but we are about as well stocked as any hospital within 100 miles. Let him sleep it off. We’ll see how well he is once he wakes up," Dean answers getting inside the Impala. Sam nods, mostly at himself and gets in as well.
"Okay. You know, it's okay." Sam says pointedly, making his message clear, as if Dean needs that assurance. So, the question had not been as innocent after all.
Sam nods, while still drinking, managing to spill some all over the already wet clothes. Once he's done and has more or less dried his face on his shirt, he asks, "How is Cas?"
"Oh." Castiel doesn’t know what to say, and Dean looks a bit flustered for a moment too.
“You are very far from home, Mr. McMurphy. What brings you here?”
“Or he could be on earth, human and glued to the ground like the rest of the angels. And you know he was really bad at taking care of himself as an angel. I don’t think he is going to be any better as a human.” It’s not like Dean hasn’t thought about this before, but he chooses to stick with hope and optimism for once in his life.
He helps Cas sit down on the toilet, and turns on the hot water. He grabs the first aid kit from beneath the sink, and another wash cloth. He works first at cleaning Cas feet, making sure no more dirt gets inside the blisters and open wounds. He disinfects the wounds, just to be safe, he knows he’ll have to do it again once Cas is clean. Once he is done, he checks Cas face for any open wounds, and follows to his torso. There are some cuts on his back, but nothing too serious. The way his ribs are showing worries Dean a lot more.
As the days pass and the distance traveled by hitchhiking doesn't increase he realizes that what he thought was just coincidence or bad luck seems to have a more supernatural hand in it. No one seems to be heading east, at least no one willing to give him a ride. They can take Castiel up to the next junction but that's it. A small stretch of road every time, just enough to relax a bit, just enough to be close to a town by sunset. The nights are cold and he doesn't want to camp in the woods.
"What time is it?" he croaks, trying to sit down. Trying being the keyword.
He wakes up from his nap, not quite well rested, but as close as he can these days. Carl looks up from his desk, pausing a game on the computer.
Castiel wakes in the middle of the night, or at least he supposes it’s night, from another nightmare. He is lost at first, not recognizing the place he is in, the quietness of the room, the warmth and comfort. Eventually the events of the previous day start coming to him. Being safe, the bunker, Dean. Dean, who is entering the room, looking worried.
He is only a few miles outside town when he remembers the he hadn’t checked the inside pocket of the coat. He groans. He had a list of all the cell phone numbers the Winchesters use. He should have remembered that. Why hadn’t he remembered that? Now he is stranded in the middle of nowhere, and his only option is to find the bunker.
Which puts his interactions with the Winchesters into prospective. Neither was very religious, Dean had been outright against them at the start. Yet he had trusted Castiel. He had thought that maybe Dean had seen that he was a good angel, had good intentions, but it at been all about trusting. Trusting not to be betrayed, trusting that humanity wasn’t going to suffer from Heaven’s politics. And it had been a close call so many times.
Cas has questions about being human and Dean isn't sure he can answer them all. It's like having a four year old in his care all over again, only with far harder and stranger questions.
"Sleepy. Cranky. Alive."
They are driving to Nebraska, checking another news report of strange lights and miracles. Dean hopes it's an angel willing to talk. Scratch that, he hopes it’s Cas. He tried praying, but he doesn’t even know if his prayers can reach him. He believes Cas is human, much like the other angels. He just hopes he hasn’t forgotten all about them again, that he hasn’t found a new wife, a new life.
In Purgatory, Benny used to joke that they were an old married couple that wasn't having sex. Dean’s response had always been a "Shut up, Benny", Cas would just keep on ignoring the vampire. But Benny had been right. They were just like a couple, they just weren't having sex. And Dean had never approached the subject of sex with Cas after that incident when they had been looking for Raphael because Cas had been so uncomfortable with the notion. Sure, he probably had had sex as Emmanuel, and he is pretty sure something had happened with Meg, but he still thought of the angel as mostly asexual. And Dean was anything but. He didn’t know how to deal with a relationship without the physical contact, without sex. The touching, the kissing, the caressing, the sucking, the fucking. Everything.
"So stay here with me."
"I suppose. But it wasn't just that, Dean. There was clearly something working against me getting here."
“What if he doesn’t remember? What then?”
He checks Cas legs, and there are a lot of scratches and cuts and bruises on his chins and ankles. So he asks Cas to sit again while he cleans those, but it doesn’t take long. Soon the tub is filled, the air is warm, and there is nothing else for him to do there. So he stands up, turns off the water and stares at Cas trying to convey that he can get into the water. Cas stares at him, not showing any sign of understanding his look, but he does get up as well.
"Sorry, got a bit lost in memories. I don't think it's Metatron. The dreams feel real. Regular. It's just guilt."
"Jimmy. Was he, umm, tall, blue eyes, dark hair?"
The day goes on, and Dean doesn't know what the rest of the people in the bunker are doing or think Cas and him are doing. Maybe Sam took them all out for a road trip, Crowley included. Maybe they are all listening in, making bets. He wouldn't put it past Sam to do that. But he's not sure he cares either way.
Thank you so much for reading!
Castiel wakes up with Dean shaking him, looking worried and calling his name.
"No clue, but somebody is up. If it's Sam it could be really early, though."
"Cas?" Dean's voice interrupts his thoughts.
"Did you sleep well?" Castiel nods at him, sitting up. "I found you a ride, friend of mine can take all the way to the state line. Should save you some days of walking. Do you have a map?"
"No luck. I suppose I can try later." He says to Carl, though he knows it’s no use.
Dean freezes in the spot, looking surprised. He stays still for one, two, three heartbeats and Castiel starts to think he broke him. Finally, Dean appears to have processed what Castiel has said, but still can't make a proper comeback and just stands there going through whatever it is he is thinking about saying, his entire internal monologue showing on his face.
Cas half smiles, and Dean sees relief. He is going to like this new openness of Cas face. "Then I’d like to shower. Very much."
“Winchester! This is your fault! You meddle in the affairs of Hea…”
as he says. But he knows it’s not as easy as that. "I have no money, or very little that I have to save it until to get me home. I can’t afford a room."
He learned that for two weeks the angel had been without any kind of mojo, and then suddenly, he was powerful again and the cat got caught in it. And then Mrs. Robertson. He had been unable to control the power. He had tried to return to Heaven then, but had found it barred to him.
Dean for his part is interested in knowing how different it feels to be human and what he finds most strange about humanity.
Dean waited in the car while he saw the angel being transported to the police station. He was pissed, but he became downright angry when he spotted Dean. He quickly overpowered the 4 officers surrounding him, and beelined to the impala. Dean got out the car before any damage could be done, and he knew that an angel could do a lot of damage to a car. Or a person but he wasn’t about to start caring about how injured he would get. His baby was a whole different story.
They doze off, although they aren't really tired, but the comfort and warmth of the bed lulled them into sleep. Dean wakes up to Cas pressing his lips to his neck.
"Those are some pretty big words, Cas. I thought we had agreed that you wouldn't talk like a robot. Besides, all that you just said? What I get is that part of your confusion was just you being lonely."
Kevin is still translating the tablets, but he says he continues to find no clues as to send the angels back to heaven and deal with Metatron once and for all.
Castiel misses the warmth of Dean's hands on his, and it's such a strange feeling, because he had not been craving that touch particularly. So he balls up his fists and sighs. "Yes to the first part, but can't I stay in bed all day. I understand it's something humans do."
“No, Dean. What I’m saying is just… Don’t get your hopes up, okay? If he is human, and he remembers, he will call. He knows our number. He knows where the bunker is. ”
“Wow, Dude!” Dean shouted, “Are you trying to plead insanity? Is that it? Calm down and think what you are going to say, at least in front of them. I’m here to… I’m here to help, okay?” His mind was going a mile a minute, trying to figure out what to do. The angel had already made quite a fuzz, but if he went to jail things were not going to end well. The cops were finally getting up and drawing weapons. “Play cool and no more wacky stuff. What’s your name?” He shot a quick text to Sam saying “Cuckoo’s Nest,” and hoped he would get it in time. Fishing for the appropriate ID card, he looked at the angel. “Name?”
"Wai... What?" Dean is startled by the sudden question. Technically yes, but he is not sure what is brother is actually asking. Because, even forgetting about everything else, Cas was in no shape for the kind of sleeping Dean thinks is being implied.
Dean wasn't too happy to share a car with an angry and hostile angel, but he also needed real answers. And something to do. So he would have to be Jack McMurphy a bit longer. "Of course, officer, Billy shouldn't be out at all. I'm surprised he hurt other people and not himself. On the news they said he was hit by a meteor?"
“And what, Sam? Give up on him? I’m not doing that. I will look for him until I get some answers, okay? I mean, dude’s resilient. I lost track of the times we thought he died, and the times he actually died.”
"No, Dean. Drowning is no laughing matter," he deadpans. But there is a quirk to his lips that tells Dean otherwise.
Cas looks up, like a deer in the headlights, hand clutching the washcloth near his stomach. "I have nothing else to wear, and if I take these off, I don’t think I’ll want to put them on again." His voice seems lower than ever, if that is possible. It's quieter too. But his face, his face is full of expressions and Dean marvels at this. He sees the shame and guilt beneath the tiredness, but also a certain contentment and peacefulness.
The fourth angel didn’t have any memories of being an angel, but everything else fit. Sam had finally gone with Dean to check that one. After a brief conversation with the ex-angel, they went away. They started a list of found angels, and state: barred from Heaven, amnesiac or baby. There was no clear pattern on why they showed these symptoms.
The bus ride is peaceful, and he manages to get some sleep. He remembers the last time he took a bus, running away from everything, with a tablet hidden inside himself. That had been a risk, a big gamble, but he would have done it all over again. This time he has nothing to his name but the clothes on his body, a map on his pocket and the change from Carl’s money.
"That’s what I was saying, I couldn’t find it. I swear I put it in the office, with the rest of the business cards people always leave, but it isn’t there. But there is a number on their check-in form. I shouldn’t give it to you, but I mean, they gave us a card for contact, so there shouldn’t be a problem. As long as you don’t tell my boss. And you say you know them, right?"
"Cas, it's okay. Nothing you haven't done for us a bunch of times-"
"No we can’t. The only lead we had has gone dry. Like I said, regroup and rethink." Dean has to be practical, and during the entire search for Cas he has to admit he has been anything but. "Charlie will probably have a way to hack into bus service servers or something and get the live feeds from stations or something. Maybe Crowley will give an input and tells us a spell to find people. I swear I don’t know why we haven’t killed him yet."
"Sammy, I'm gonna check a possible hunt close by. Make sure no one destroys the bunker while I'm gone, and eat something."
Dean, however, is close to giving up the search. Because by now, Cas will be making his way through countryside, and there is no way they can cover that much ground. He figures Cas has at most two weeks headstart on them, but he has no idea how he is moving around. He doesn’t think he knows how to drive. Which is something Dean is intent on teaching him, if he is going to remain human.
So he stays, and listens to Cas retelling the highlights of his journey, and updates him on what he and Sam have been doing. He helps him get the shampoo out of Cas hair, to which he accuses Dean of trying to actually drown him. They play and laugh, and Dean can't believe they actually have a reason to. That he can finally hear him laugh.
"So, you’re going back to your family?" John voice interrupts his thoughts.
These new ideas give him that extra hope, and he supposes Sam sees right through him, with his knowing smile. But he doesn’t care. Because he can believe they are going to bring Cas home.
did not include a Sam at half steam. The captain was listening to the answer, and there was no change in expression. So far, so good.
Dean doesn’t know what they’ll do once they find him, but most likely just keep going. Searching for angels, a way to send them back to Heaven. Dean wonders if Cas will want to go back. He seemed willing to shut himself in with all the other angels before. Would Dean lose Cas again? He wasn’t sure he could go through that.
Sam simply raises his hands and leaves, and he is glad that he does not try to take the conversation further. He wants to solve the Metatron problem, he really does, but unlike Sam, that isn't a priority to him. Getting Sam well was, finding Cas was, and now getting Cas healthy again is the priority. Friends, family, whatever Cas is, they always come first.
"Well, it’s about to change. My friend can leave you here." He points at the junction, very close to the Kansas state line. "He has some business to take care there. I’m afraid he can’t take you further, but this should really help you."
"Do you think this is Metatron messing with you? You know, like when you used to get into my dreams?"
“You know he could be dead, right? We have no idea what happened up there. Actually, he could still be up there.”
The drive back is fast, they had already been circling back to where they started. Dean doesn’t realize he had still been scanning the side of the road until he sees him. For a moment he thinks he is going mad, that he is imagining things. That it is the return from purgatory all over again. But the mess sitting by the road side resembles Cas so little that it has to be real. It's surprising Dean recognizes him at all.
“I don’t know, he might already have a new life. He might be happy not remembering.” At Dean’s sour face, Sam rushes to change the subject a bit. “But maybe we should be trying to do something about Metatron. I just feel like we’re treating the symptoms, you know? And the sooner we get to him, the sooner we can know what happened to Cas.”
He sighs, looks at the water and fruit in his hands as if they could hold the answers to his troubles. So close, and yet so far. He takes a bite out of the apple and makes his way to the motel. Maybe they are still staying there. Maybe they are working a case. Maybe they’ll come back.
Angel after angel, they were no closer to finding Cas or anything new about the curse. Dean is hoping the 20
“Ask who? Bobby is dead. Garth is missing. Every other hunter wants nothing to do with angels. Or us, for that matter.” At this point Dean is sure that they are the experts in angels - everyone else just has theoretical knowledge and a lot of assumptions.
"Hey, I want to see Cas again too. So let’s go."
"I am sorry. Yes, I am tired. Do you have their card?" He asks hopeful.
"Alright, I get it. So, what are we going to do?"
“Five days, that’s all you get. You make him saner and calmer, and we’ll see what we can do about all his charges, okay?”
"Nightmare," Castiel explains, although the word is not enough to describe the horror of Metatron's torture and accusing stares of dead angels. But then again, no words or combination of would ever be. Dean sits by him, giving him time to get his breathing back to normal, and to collect his thoughts.
"Yes, right. So, that’s the last you know of him?" Dean finds a map of Colorado, and starts searching for Burlington.
Castiel look at him, and thinks that he would very much like to
Castiel discovers that by company Dean means taking up more than half of the bed and talking about all the things they discovered in the bunker. Soon, he falls asleep leaning on Dean's shoulder.
"There were no meteors." Even over the phone Dean could hear the cogs turning in Sam’s head.
“Doctor Bromden, right. Are you working now?” Muriel seemed to be also listening in on the conversation. Dean hoped we wouldn’t get any ideas, and would just keep quiet and still.
Castiel just doesn’t care. He no longer cares about the affairs of heaven and angels. In a way, he realizes that it was the same thing his father had done, saying
Castiel knows love. He knows of caring for someone, of putting them before himself, of willing sacrifice, of leaving everything behind for someone. He knows of happiness and feeling complete, of safety and comfort in the presence of someone. Of smiling at a thought and of rediscovering that someone really means the world to you every single day. Love was never a foreign concept to angels.
"Oh, I remember. What can I help you with? Did something else happen?" It had been an amnesiac angel, but he seemed to be able to cure people. They had had a talk with him, but gave nothing away. He had found his powers when he cured his wife of cancer, and had seemed a very good guy. No point in disturbing him.
Dean gets up and lets go of his hands. "Now, what do you say about some food, and getting out of bed?"
There is breathing, but it's shallow. Sam is suddenly by his side helping him lift Cas and put him in the car.
"Uggggghhhhh…" is the only answer he gets as Cas flips down again, burying his face somewhere between the arm he is still clutching and Dean’s chest. Even for Cas this is a blatant disrespect for personal space, but Dean is not exactly bothered by it.
Castiel takes his old battered map, one of his first purchases with the first bit of money he had managed to get. He keeps it to mark his slow progress. Carl, looks at the lines he has marked there, all the turns away from his destination, all the times he got lost. "You sure haven’t been taking a straight line home," he comments, but it’s non judging.
"No, I don’t know this Clark Kent." Castiel answers, smiling, although it’s true, that’s one reference he has yet to acquire. "But I get what you're saying. I was afraid, you know? That you wouldn’t recognize me without the coat."
"No, we haven’t heard from him. Do you know where he went after talking with you?"
“Muriel.” His eyes hadn’t lost the glare.
So they were following up on angel stories - although Castiel has no idea if they are having any luck or not. But he chooses to believe that it is a sign there are still angels around, and despite all, it brings a little warmth to his heart. "I know them, yes. They follow up on… strange occurrences." He had no idea what kind of story they had told this guy, but that was the gist of what Sam and Dean did everywhere they went.
He misses the Winchesters; the careless way they bumped and shoved and hugged; the unstated way that contact was always there. He misses their conversations too, the way they had entire exchanges filled with culture references that he had no clue about. How they would smile at his bewilderment, and he could smile in turn, knowing that they were not laughing at him, but with him. How he would sometimes pretend not to get it just so they could carry on. How sometimes he showed he understood just to see the look of pride on their faces.
"What about we get some breakfast?"
“You’re a doctor?” They hadn’t lowered the weapons, but seemed to be more open to conversation. The man that had asked the question was older than the others, and whereas the others still looked very unsure of what they were doing, this one was clearly seasoned and entirely pissed with the whole situation. Dean assumed he was the captain of the force of wherever he was.
"Hey, do you want to crash here?"
The captain took both. Dean kept the smile on, helpful and goodhearted.
But he never understood physicality, the touches and kisses and sex that the human race equated or at least included with love. He tried to learn, but apparently he went the wrong way about it, from Dean’s and Sam’s reaction. Pornography was not the answer. It didn’t help that he felt that the vessel he inhabited was not his own, not him. It was a rental, an ill fitted suit that didn’t correspond to his shape. And, given the humans' reaction to sex and love and all its complex intricacies, it seemed wrong to use Jimmy’s body in such a way. So he never really thought about sex, and even when he was pushed by Dean towards it, he was reluctant, afraid and uncomfortable with the notion.
"No mojo on him, from what I see. He looks tired, and sore, and probably wounded or at least bruised. And he stinks. I mean, really horse level man stink. Don’t tell me you didn’t notice that. He is thinner, which means he also needs food now, and we saw him sleep. I haven't checked, but I'm positive he also poops now, so by all accounts he is human." He is not sure what more can he say to define being human. "I mean, he didn’t look this bad after a year in purgatory."
In the kitchen he finds Sam, running clothes on, sweaty, drinking water as if he had run a marathon. Which would probably be close to the truth, knowing his brother
"So, he is actually human, then? Not just bared from heaven like the others?" Sam asks.
Also I apologize for the lack of the supporting characters, but I'm still not over Kevin.
I've realized I have really no plan for this (*sorry*) - all I had was the idea for the first chapter and a probable get together scene. So, yeah, making it up as I go. But should be done in 2 (or 3 chapters) more chapters.
“Crowley? Half-human depressed Crowley that has been moping around the bunker? That Crowley? The one that has said a grand total of one word since we got him there and that word was
"I’m fine, I can make it." They watch him shuffle towards the bathroom, alert to see if Cas actually needs help. Once they hear the water start running they share a look and move towards the kitchen, away from Crowley’s ears.
“Different vessel?”
Cas seems to figure out what he wants to say, or manages to find the courage he needs, so he looks up and starts again. "Dean, thank you. For helping me, for finding me. For healing me, I suppose."
Castiel smiles the first heartfelt smile in a long time. He is glad there is still goodness in the world, and that people still help each other, despite there being angels on heaven or not, despite there being a god or not. "Kansas. I’m still very far. Thank you for the offer. I would like very much to have some rest."
"Are you still tired?"
Angel number 34 wants to kill them. No "
I have stood on many a precipice, fallen over numerous cliffs, and landed every which way. But the most important thing that ever happened to me, was the time I found myself suspended mid fall and lost in a void.
The image crashes through Castiel’s consciousness led by a tidal wave of arousal, and he digs his fingers deeper into Meg’s pelvis, and lifts her legs up to rest on his shoulder. As he speeds up, her hand slips between her thighs and starts a frantic rubbing movement, and the air fills with steady moans and wet slapping sounds in rhythm with his thrusts. Their eyes lock, and Cas feels as Meg begins to tighten around him.
“Okay, as I was saying. The merits of exploring green solutions for maritime industries--”
Cas sighs contentedly as he buries deeper into the worn cushions, and lets his shoulder graze Dean’s side. Absently, Dean allows his arm to fall over his shoulder and casually forgets it there.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up and he asks incredulously, “But why?”
Cas doesn’t have to be told twice, but it’s with some trepidation that he goes to dig through the notebooks that are piled high on his desk. He hasn’t mentioned his pet project to Dean before, and for a very good reason. The main characters are unabashedly based on the Winchesters, Dean and his brother Sam, and there’s just something intimidating about admitting to writing stories about them for months.
“Huh,” says Crowley and pauses before continuing, “Yeah, he’s upstairs. Tell him I still don’t wanna hear anything, and if I do, I will make sure his booze puts him down early next time, before he reels in another deep sea creature.”
Defeated, Cas nods and finally braves Dean’s gaze. His eyes are soft and there’s no resentment, disgust or anger there directed at Cas, for which he immediately hates himself even more. Seems like someone has to. After all that he’s done, how can Dean be so forgiving?
Thanks for reading! I hope you'll come back for the future chapters. :)
“Guess I did that then,” Cas groans and covers his face.
“Nah, I’m a lost cause and she knows it,” Cas answers happily, but his smile falters as he feels the carelessness of the previous moments slip away. He catches Dean frowning before he’s able to school those overly expressive eyes.
The edge is near, Cas feels it with each increasingly urgent moment. He’s chasing it already, senses a tightness coil up in his stomach and tug at his balls, and it only takes a slight shift to graze Dean’s cock in a long stroke, and he tumbles over.
Between the binders Cas recognizes a small, square red book that he gave Dean the year before. It’s filled with a year’s worth of stick figure comics that he drew, though he is in fact a terrible artist. But he used to love drawing the little stick people. He created characters for their entire clan and Sam and used them to document little snapshots of their lives, stupid jokes and everyday moments.
"Holy fuck," Cas exclaims and catches his breath.
“I want you-” he pokes Cas’ chest, “to write it.”
” Cas raises his voice in agitation. “You keep making this about my friends and lifestyle, when they have nothing to do with it! I was miserable in my relationship and fucked up.
“Tell me something honestly, Castiel. Why did you invite me over?” Meg asks, one suggestive eyebrow raised. Cas knows there’s no need for pretense here.
Cas deflates with relief. “So you’re not disturbed by it?”
Cas frowns. “What? Where?”
“And then I forced you two idiots apart, called a cab and dragged you home with me. End of fucking story,” Dean concludes.
“Cas, I know all that stuff at school isn’t happening because you’re not capable or don’t give a shit,” says Dean, still constricted with emotions. Cas doesn’t know what to say, so neither of them says anything. He feels betrayed, robbed of the comfort and safety of Dean, the one person in whose company he ought to be safe from all this crap. This is too real, not something they’re supposed to discuss.
Where the fuck r u!? I’M WORRIED. CALL ME.
“We were dancing. You were, uh, really close to me. Like, hands around my neck and all. I didn’t mind, obviously,” Dean lets out a dry laugh. “Then you leaned in. And you know, I might’ve let it happen if it wasn’t for…”
Cas huffs a laugh, and shoots Hannah a quick reply telling the others to go on ahead. They’d meet up with everyone at Crowley’s. He finishes cramming his notebooks back into his backpack and stands up. Dean moves to step aside and let Cas out of the booth, but stops him before he can make for the front door. His hand rests on Castiel’s forearm.
Bracing himself, Cas goes to dig through the pile of dirty clothes he apparently discarded on his desk the night before, and digs out his phone. He plugs in the charger and turns it on, swallowing down the bile that is threatening to push up as he waits for the screen to load. Whatever Cas is going to find, it isn’t going to make him feel any better, only slightly more horrible at best.
“Ha, you got me there,” Ash laughs and lights a joint-- another habit that goes kindly unmentioned. “Slept in the back last night and haven’t felt like going out since. Why would I?” He takes a long drag. “Got my living room, kitchen, TV and everything right here.”
“You look even more tired than usual,” Crowley notes as Cas slumps exhaustedly into his usual spot. “Work late on those assignments last night?”
Dean sits up and cautiously lowers his glass down beside the bed. “Hey, it’s okay. You can figure this out. I’m sure you’ll find a compromise if you just talk to your folks,” he says cautiously and lifts his hands like he's approaching a wounded animal.
It’s late. Dean left a few hours ago and Cas shouldn’t be awake if he wanted to have any wits about him at school tomorrow, but sleep just doesn’t come to him.
Ignoring the TV altogether Sam turns to him. "Where's the story gonna go? Are you introducing more lore?"
The classroom chatter around him dies as Mrs. Moseley enters, her aura of effortless authority never failing to command everyone’s attention. She greets the class and turns her astute eyes to Cas. Something flashes through them, worry perhaps, and she nods, granting Castiel his much needed reprieve. He nearly sobs in relief as he opens his notebook, and glides off into the sweet haven of escapism.
- Again, Crowley's is based on a real place and all kinds of stuff went down at that house. Including very bad decisions.
For someone who hasn’t taken those falls, separating from normalcy can be purely terrifying. Somewhere below is the new normal and all there is to do is to let go. But no matter how much good may be ahead-- if we don't know how to look for it-- we can get lost, end up suspended mid fall, floating in a void and hoping to be tethered back to something solid.
He looks at Castiel with pleading eyes that are downright painful to meet, and so Cas averts his eyes again, instead studying his thumbs as they caress his glass. “You were doing a really good job of keeping me sane until just now,” he mutters.
“Aw, shit. Dean, we have to go,” Cas sighs with a pang of disappointment. He had all but forgotten this wasn’t what they were supposed to be doing for the rest of the night.
Slowly it dawns on Cas that he doesn’t know where he is or how he got there. It's silent, like early mornings in suburbs are, and he doesn't smell much beyond the odor of alcohol still emanating from him. There's absolutely no way to tell where he's landed. Groggy and disoriented, Cas summons up the courage to crack open an eyelid, and peeks carefully at the outside world. Immediate relief floods over him as the familiar bedding fills his vision. Light filters through the narrow windows above his bed, and the watch on his nightstand reads 9:43AM. At least he's made it home. The how of it might as well wait a few more hours.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You danced,” Dean cocks an eyebrow, “Boy, did you ever.”
at our age,” Dean finally says.
Castiel takes a long shower, brushes his teeth, downs at least five glasses of water and swallows another Aspirin. Soon he’s dressed up and hydrated, feeling a lot more human, and running out of ways to pointlessly stall the inevitable.
From there, their touches morph gradually into a tacit language of innuendo, where each purposeful touch and avoidance heightens the delicious, anticipating tension between them. Wordlessly, they negotiate their wants and needs, searching for their boundaries and daring the other to leap across them.
Cas watches those beautiful, green eyes widen in alarm. His own eyes sting with unshed tears. “
Cas has good parents on practically any standard, and he’s well aware of that. Still somehow he’s managed to get on the wrong side of them. He could speculate about how that happened if he wanted to, but he rarely does. It always feels as pointless and unconstructive as their discussions these days, which tend to leave Cas even more confused about what he kept doing wrong, and why he keeps being misunderstood.
“Fuck yes,” Meg agrees as she sheds her boots and jacket, and throws herself on the bed. She leans back on her elbows. Cas ignores how she mirrors Dean’s posture, as he pours them shots in fresh glasses. He deliberately moved the previous ones behind the random stuff cluttering the cupboard. They toast as Cas joins Meg on the bed, and each down half of the smoky liquid at once.
didn't mess up for any other reason than my own stupidity,” Cas pokes a finger at his own chest. “If you paid attention for even a moment, you’d realize that I’ve been trying to be honest about myself for a long time! You just don’t want to see it or hear it!”
Cas slides his own boxer shorts down by hand, then slips between them to release Dean from his confines, pushing his shorts away by foot in a display of agility. Dean cries out in surprise as their cocks meet, unclothed, sensitive and throbbing in the wet squeeze of their bodies. Cas senses teeth grazing his neck as they begin pushing into each other rhythmically, and he claws Dean’s back, seeking to bring them even closer together.
James Novak is a devout man. He works at a large IT company where he engineers whatever the hell it is that he engineers. Dad has tried to explain his job to Cas multiple times, but he’s never able to comprehend how strings of code turn into stuff that make messages fly between devices, or why that requires James to travel constantly. Consequently, he’s rarely home for more than a few days at a time.
Cas is barely able to sleep, and at 6AM he’s up. He can’t bear the thought of going on an empty stomach until lunch, and facing Dean first thing and then after school his parents. After some deliberation, he ends up leaving Crowley’s at dawn, walking home through empty streets in early morning dusk instead.
(The fic earns its rating. And this chapter includes an explicit M/F scene between Cas and one female character.)
Dean leans against propped elbows and regards him curiously. “So. How’d it go on Saturday, then?”
"Smart choice."
If the ending of this chapter bothers you, you might want the heads up that this turn of events will be addressed extensively in the next chapter. If the death of a young person isn't something you want to read about, you might want to skip parts and I'll make sure that is possible.
“Hey, Cas, I thought we were meeting at the cafeteria after class!”
They are so close, it only takes the slightest sway for their lips to brush. Just once at first, lightly. Then another tentative palpation, and another. Dean’s lips are soft and pliant and they yield to Castiel’s as he leans in for more. They melt together gently at first, then Dean surges forward to claim Cas’ mouth, and he surrenders willingly.
Crowley’s is a concept. It’s
Cas swallows down his frustrations and tries to smile reassuringly. “Don’t worry. I’ve got my priorities sorted,” he says gently, but can’t resist shooting Dean a defiant, meaningful look.
“I did,” he finally admits. Dean whoops and raises his hand for a high-five, which Cas answers with an exasperated sigh, lazily slapping their palms together.
Cas still can’t explain how it happened, but at some point after the three of them began high school together, he realized people expected him to start dating Hannah. It took him a long time to feel any urge to date at all, but eventually he caved under the pressure, and asked her out. They’ve gone steady for several months now, during which it’s become painfully obvious that Hannah doesn’t fit Castiel’s life like she used to.
“Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you,” he manages finally, and tries to smile reassuringly. “Don’t worry about it, okay? We can talk more after school.”
Anytime, Cas, you know that. Good luck.
He's trying to shift and press down his erection uselessly when, naturally, Dean chooses the exact moment to stir. He squints at Castiel, face still halfway buried in his pillow. Cas tries to remain motionless and calm, attempting and failing to ignore the fact that he’s still cupping his crotch, while Dean studies him with sleepy interest.
Castiel Novak
“We’re not actually writing essays for History class, right?” Cas blurts by way of greeting and steps aside to let Dean in. His basement room has its own entrance, which Dean has made a habit of using instead of the front door, since he’s coming and going at obscene hours half the time.
Seattle
Castiel’s witty retort dies in his mouth and thank god for Ash, who chooses that moment to bring over their drinks. He sets down two huge mugs of coffee, but rather than giving off an aroma of dark roast beans, they smell distinctly of bourbon.
Cas has known her from when they were kids, since their families were a tight bunch. It was the Novaks, Johnsons and Miltons. Hannah Johnson and Hester Milton are best friends, Cas is both their friend, and back in the day their troupe was frequently completed by Hannah’s little brother Inias and Hester’s little sister Anna.
I post aesthetics and updates on
Cas hits “send” before he can revise or overthink any part of the text, and tries to breathe through the waves of nausea that keep hitting him. His phone lights up just a few minutes later, and Cas is relieved to see it’s Hannah.
Cas leans in, elbows to his knees and props his chin on his hands. “But it just doesn’t seem fair. She’s done nothing wrong. She’s perfectly good,” he says sullenly.
He can’t save any relationship with Hannah now. Initially he planned to break up as friends, if possible, but it's pretty safe to say that it’s out of the equation now. No doubt Hester and the rest of their mutual friends all resent him for this as well. But he has to apologize, he has to.
“Right. I was just talking with Charlie and the guys. They’ve made plans to meet up at Crowley’s after school and head on over together. I thought we could-”
* This Mortal Coil - Song to the Siren
Evading subjects and masking serious remarks with humor has become something of a coping mechanism. So much so, that sometimes Cas himself doesn’t know when he’s purely kidding. Like now, when he’s absolutely not intending to move to L.A., but does to some extent feel like he’s being put through the wringer unnecessarily.
“I- I’m sorry, Kevin,” he stammers and looks down. There’s an opponent’s form somewhere amidst the papers he rifles through, and he can practically hear Kevin roll his eyes. Form found and pen at the ready, he straightens up once again and tries his best to seem present. “Please, continue,” he says, smiling apologetically.
What Dean said was true; it isn’t the end of the world if it doesn't work out with Hannah. But Cas is scared to let go for any reason that isn’t absolutely solid, or he’ll have to blame it on something vague and be subjected to questions he doesn’t know how to answer, or is scared to answer honestly.
“It was fine, I guess,” Cas settles with replying. He tries to appear nonchalant as he sits down on one of his huge floor cushions, and avoids Dean’s expectant stare.
It really had been something. Among other things it has made Castiel want to dress in a cape for church every week since, just to spite them for their ridiculousness. He shrugs his acquiescence, and they burst out laughing.
At different points of our lives we all find ourselves on the precipice of something. A transition, a discovery, the end or the beginning of an era. The prospect of stepping over is as exhilarating as it is frightening, like taking a trust fall. We prepare to leave behind a certain normalcy, and open ourselves up to change that we can’t fully comprehend yet. That is if we’ve taken those falls before.
The relief is fleeting. Renewed panic blossoms in his chest and Cas turns to stare at his bedroom door. Somewhere during the morning, his mother had seen him and Dean sleeping together, half naked and wrapped around each other.
“Shit, Dean. Oh shit. What did she do?” Cas scrambles to sit up. Memories from a few hours ago flood him and he covers his face with his palms, leaning against his knees. “She broke up with me. Didn’t she?”
The house is silent except for the creaking and cracking of wooden structures and tin roofing, the only other sound being Dean’s breath as it evens out into deep sleep. Dean’s room is separated into two areas by a large, open bookshelf. On one side is his desk-slash-art-studio, on the other his bed and dresser. The room's walls are plastered with posters of comic book heroes and musicians that Cas doesn’t even pretend to recognize.
“It’s not you, it’s me” seems offensive even while it’s the truth, and he already knows it’s not going to go over well. But by now Cas has endured all the awkwardness he can take, and getting out of this mess unscathed is the least of his worries. He shivers from the mere thought of enduring another day of pretending and waiting for something to spark.
"Are you drunk?" he asks by way of greeting.
Apparently your mom found you and Dean wrapped around each other in your bed. Good to know you made your choice, and also that you made it home.
“Yeah? I probably couldn’t even tell.”
Cas turns his phone off again, before he inadvertently reads messages or has to decline calls from his parents. He knows this is the final nail to the coffin and doesn’t imagine getting away with this easy, but he has to find a way forward that doesn’t include the abhorrent plan his parents concocted for him.
Castiel stands up, shaking. He folds his napkin down next to his slice of untouched blueberry pie, and stares at his parents, completely lost for words. Gathering tears sting at his eyes, but he decisively swallows down the need to cry. Instead he turns, and without another word walks through the hallway, down the stairs, straight to his still unpacked bag and out of his private back door.
All in all, it is high time to end this embarrassment.
The chapter where a carefully crafted reality begins to transform, and bad decisions are made.
Maybe it’s just Cas, but admitting to that feels a little on the nose after what transpired between him and Dean recently. He could always drop some of the stuff he’s written and make the characters expressly just friends, but in his original writing Castiel the angel and Dean the hunter share a more profound bond. It mirrors the one they share in real life, but admittedly it presents itself as something much more obvious when it’s imagined in writing. Cas isn’t at all sure how Dean would feel about reading those parts.
“Hey! I made my case much more elaborately in my spoken feedback,” Cas complains in faked annoyance and shoves Dean’s side. Kevin snorts and Cas kicks his bean bag.
Oh hell. Now he remembers why he zoned out to begin with. Castiel gathers all his wit and concentration, and tries his best to understand Kevin’s words and-- even more challengingly-- form any opinions of his own on the subject. This is going to be a long and embarrassing hour.
And it’s not just school stuff either, it’s everything. At the end of junior year, when Cas started to allow himself more self expression through music, style and opinions, he was met not with acceptance, but a wall of prejudice, disappointment and disapproval.
"Are you saying you're willing to pick up a volume on Enochian language or Bible history, Dean?" Cas suggests, smiling innocently. "Because I swear, that's the only thing that could make you sexier." Sam breaks down in laughter as Cas wiggles his eyebrow at Dean, who is blushing furiously.
Dean sighs, takes a sip and sets his drink aside. He reaches out for Cas’ glass and places it down next to it before pulling him into a tight hug, one hand cupping his neck and the other resting on the small of his back.
“It’s just a first draft, and we can change the names- I mean it is kind of creepy to-”
Dean lets out a long breath and rubs his neck bashfully. “That’s a fair point,” he concedes, smiling carefully, but his expression quickly turns serious again. “But I didn’t come here for that. I just needed to make sure you’re alright.”
Cas lowers his eyes guiltily. “I’m sorry, Meg. I’ve just got a lot on my mind. But you’re welcome to stay, if you want.”
Bobby was a friend of Dean’s family and strictly speaking Cas didn’t know him all that well. But he had visited the old man’s eccentric junk yard slash epic library a few times, and found he couldn’t resist an opportunity to look up some stuff in those books. Bobby had been amused but gracious about it.
He keeps falling into these senseless thought loops more and more. Sometimes he ends up writing until he passes out, other times he feels completely paralyzed, and can simply lie there until his mind finally shuts down. And while he waits, an endless succession of regrets, hopes, failures and what if’s parade through his consciousness.
“We have supported you, Castiel, but we can’t possibly keep condoning the direction you have chosen for yourself,” his mother explains. She places a hand over Cas’ and smiles patiently. The gesture feels so contrived it makes Cas jerk his hand back like it got burned.
They have their own, private routine at the start of each lesson. Mrs. Moseley begins by clapping her hands and silencing the crowd, she then turns to Cas and gives him a measuring look. Cas nods whenever he feels like actively participating, and points at his notebook when he doesn’t. Missouri never breaks the agreement, and neither does Cas. The trust that Mrs. Moseley places in him has ensured he doesn’t fail to show up or ace an exam.
Hannah’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise and she studies them both sternly, before settling narrowed eyes on Cas. “Really? I thought you were neck deep in late assignments.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s Dean, hollering at him from where he’s spread in his designated corner of a huge burgundy couch. Charlie waves at him from one of the bean bags laying in front of it. The couch and bean bags may be tattered and smelly, and no one wants to know what all those stains are, but over the course of the past several months, this corner has become a weird extension of home. It’s where Cas and his clan gather whenever they can, and accusing them of being territorial about it would be accurate.
Both agree that Castiel should probably face the music alone, and he is grateful for this. Before leaving, Dean makes him swear that he’ll call after everything has calmed down, and tells Cas he can come over if he didn’t feel like being alone tonight. The grounding promise is the only thing about the entire day that doesn’t fill Cas with imminent dread.
Dean shuts him up with a kiss.
“Dean, look at me.”
As you can see, there's only a couple chapters left, but still some unanswered questions! What kind of painting does Dean want to get? Will Cas like his present? Is Sam ever going to catch a break? Stay tuned to find out!
Thank you so much for reading, I hope you liked it!
Hope you enjoy!
Dean frowns.
Grudgingly, Dean sets the whiskey down. He stares at Sam, who calmly folds his hands on top of the table, patiently waiting for Dean to say something.
“Dean?”
“Damn,” Dean mutters. “My money was on the Loch Ness monster.”
it—it doesn’t show. The angel simply slides a hand under Dean’s chin, tilting his head up so Cas can kiss him. He places a soft peck on Dean’s lips, then goes in for something a little more steamy. Cas hums appreciatively as Dean begins to kiss him back, and Sam takes this as his cue to leave. Dean registers the fact that his brother is clearing out of the room, and he relaxes a little bit.
Sam returns from his hunt. It’s a little after four in the afternoon, and Dean informs him that he’s just in time for them to start making dinner. Jack gives Sam a big hug and Cas pats his shoulder in a friendly sort of way. Sam showers and changes before joining Dean in the kitchen.
Cas smiles at him fondly, leaning down once more.
“I still don’t know how to tell you, but...maybe I can
Well...he doesn’t have a problem admitting it to
Sam frowns.
Dean’s voice finally calls from the other side of the door.
“You need to go put it back,” Sam says, holding the book out to Dean. “We shouldn’t have this.”
Sam furrows his brow.
Dean nearly drops his spatula. Getting Cas to even
Cas grunts.
since it happened to get him in the mood. And every time?
He goes over to the nightstand on his side of the bed and opens the top drawer, pulling out a small bottle of aspirin. He shakes two of the little white tabs into his palm and swallows them dry.
Sam had decided he needed to pick up a few things on short notice, and luckily, he didn’t have to drive too far. Namely, Sam was in the market for a pair of noise-cancelling headphones. Yes, he’d probably have to end up using them at the bunker in the not-so-distant future more times than he’d care to think about, but first and foremost, he would need them if he was going to survive his trip to North Dakota with Dean.
Second to last chapter guys, we're almost there!
Dean actually bursts out laughing. Sam stares at him.
room, anymore—and the two of them curl up together under the covers. Cas doesn’t really need to sleep, and Dean doesn’t really like knowing that Cas is just laying there, wide awake beside him all night, so the two of them have come up with a unique sort of compromise. They snuggle up in bed together and talk until Dean gets tired. Then, they turn out the lights and Cas stays with him, either holding Dean, or letting the hunter hold him, until Dean is solidly asleep. When he’s content that his movement won’t disturb Dean, Cas removes himself from the bed, kisses Dean’s forehead—
“Oh, Feathers,” Dean grins against Cas’s lips, “you just gave me the ego boost of a
these last few nights, that I don’t know
“And your
he made himself very clear. There’s really nothing to misinterpret about
Dean shakes his head. Wordlessly he holds out the book to Cas, his hands trembling slightly. The angel takes it, then sets it on the bed beside him.
Cas gives him a confused look.
“I’m sure it wasn’t,” Dean replies. “Well, you get some shut-eye. I’ll grab the books, and then I’ll go.”
It only takes Dean a few weekend flings to figure out that he has a very...
Cas gives him a knowing smile and nods. Without hesitation, Dean starts to trail messy kisses over the angel’s stomach, starting at his ribs and leading down towards his hips. Cas groans softly as Dean slides more fully beneath the covers. He hooks his fingers in the waistband of Cas’s sweatpants, tugging them and his underwear down towards his knees. Dean pauses, looking up at the angel for a brief moment, before disappearing under the covers. By feel, Dean leaves a cluster of kisses on either of Cas’s thighs and hips while one of his hands seeks out Cas’s cock. He gives him a few gentle strokes, getting him worked up and ready to go as he continues to kiss his thighs and lower stomach. He makes the bold move of nipping at one of Cas’s hips, and the angel bucks into his hand.
He kisses the angel once more, then pulls back, waiting for him to continue. Cas grabs a  nearby bar of soap. He lathers it between his hands, then slides the bar of soap down Dean’s arms and shoulders. He uses large circular motions to scrub Dean’s chest and stomach, then his back. Dean jolts a little when Cas’s hands find their way to his more
“Are you sure?” Dean urges.
“I love it, Dean,” Cas tells him, turning and propping himself up on an elbow so he can look at the hunter.
Dean starts strolling along the aisle, searching avidly for something he thinks Cas might be interested in.
aware of Dean’s seemingly never-ending string of lovers. Most of them, Cas never has to meet personally, but the few and far between he catches glimpses of when he joins the brothers on a hunt
“That’s better,” Cas slurs. “The desk wasn’t comfortable.”
I didn’t understand that you were trying to make a space for
he snaps.
The angel shakes his head, suppressing a laugh.
Dean’s lips move against Cas’ expertly. He places little pecks between deeper kisses and Cas answers eagerly, nipping on Dean’s lower lip in invitation. There’s a careful lick against the seam of his mouth and Cas angles his head, allows Dean to lick into him and entwine their tongues as their bodies press even closer. They kiss with abandon for a long minute, hands wrapping around necks and hips, grabbing for purchase as they fight to stay balanced, until self awareness overcomes them and they pull apart before they tumble, breathless.
As a little extra, here are (some of the) real life parallels in this chapter:
Dean aims a jab at his ribs and Cas dodges, lunging towards the door. “Hey! You know that’s unfair. And you’re supposed to reciprocate!” Dean laughs as he stumbles over to Ash’ bar. The guy is locked in conversation with another patron, so he just throws a couple of bills on the counter and they wave their goodbyes. Cas drapes and arm around Dean’s shoulders as they exit.
“That’s okay,” she says happily and drapes an arm around Castiel’s waist. “What are you guys up to?”
“Don’t get me wrong, Cas, your parents were grade A dicks today. But I get that they’re worried. And we both know you need to do something if we wanna go to college together.” Dean avoids Castiel’s eyes as he speaks.
“You leave now and there will be consequences!”
His mind is filled with the heat of battle, monsters clawing at his protagonists, and angelic beings descending to the rescue. The battle is won and the protagonist recognizes the saviour. He captures the intensity in their exchange, the way their breaths catch and eyes lock, an unresolved undercurrent of heat sizzling in the air. Castiel can almost feel it as he writes, because, granted, he’s not unfamiliar with the experience.
“Castiel, it’s not just this- this drunken display you put on, though admittedly it is the last straw,” his father speaks up, and gestures vaguely with his dessert fork. “We’ve also received reports from your school. There’s been a significant drop in your grades, and especially your attendance.”
“I know.”
Kevin, Gabe, Charlie and Jo are all spread out on the small couch in a tangle of limbs, while Hannah perches on the armrest slightly awkwardly. She sags in relief as Cas enters, and gives him a sideways hug from where she’s sitting.
The music and chatter engulf him, and he lets himself drift further away. If there’s a party, then party he shall, Cas thinks, and downs his first cup in two very deliberate swigs.
“Get out, Dean, now.”
“This isn’t honesty, Castiel, this is reckless, childish irresponsibility, and I’m disappointed!”
“Yeah, sure,” he chortles, “Like when you insisted we dress up in Hogwarts costumes for the Youth Ministry's gathering, and ended up earning us lectures from Reverend Adler for, quote, imparting Satanic influences on impressionable kids?”
"I'm bringing in angels, and a bunch of Biblical stuff," Cas affirms. Dean's eyebrows shoot up and Sam bounces on his arm chair, whooping.
Cas has no idea what awaits him upstairs, except that it doesn’t bode well for him. And there’s no choice other than to find out. Before gathering his courage, Cas throws some of his essentials in a bag and texts Dean. Then he begins his slow, terrifying ascend upstairs.
Neither Cas nor Dean have ever directly addressed their sexualities, so technically they aren’t even out of the closet. Not to each other or, to Castiel’s knowledge, anyone else. It’s never been an issue, and frankly hasn’t even entered his mind as something he should actively address. The suggestion has always been there between them, that straight isn’t the box either of them would tick. It reads between the lines, in their staring game, and the occasional discussion where the subject matter veers into decidedly queer territory. But explicit wording? No, they steer clear of that as skillfully as they steered clear of intimacy, until very recently.
Dean doesn’t necessarily need new material in any near future. While he is fond of making comprehensive page drafts for stories before any detailed drawing, and is very prolific in doing it, creating a single finished page takes a lot more time than that. Finishing inkwork on even the first storyline would be many months away. Still, Cas prefers working through the old stuff sooner rather than later. It’ll give him plenty of time for rewrites, and he wants to incorporate Dean as much as he can in the storytelling.
The shelf is filled to bursting with books, comics and collective figures. Low, very close to where Cas is facing it, are stacks of albums, sketchbooks and binders. Some Cas knows are filled with little snippets of text by him. Dean attaches illustrations to them and keeps them, little tokens of their bond.
Music in this chapter:
“No but listen,” Charlie pipes up as she’s calmed her breath, “I think this really might be his greatest idea ever.”
“My friends were the ones who tried to keep me in check last night, so don’t blame them. Besides, I was going to break up with Hannah today regardless, my stupid drunk self just beat me to it,” Cas retorts defiantly, but immediately realizes it was the wrong move.
“I know,” Cas grimaces. “It’s just- I don’t think I can go into a group like that. I don’t need that kind of help. I just…”
“Me, Charlie, Jo and Gabe dealt with the fallout upstairs and you disappeared. Charlie and Jo walked Hannah home. Then we started looking for you. Gabe even rode out on his bike to search around the neighborhood. Eventually I found you and Meg in this small closet beneath the staircase, making out,” Dean fixes his narrowed eyes on Cas. “Hand up her skirt and all. I would’ve been impressed if I wasn’t so fucking ashamed of you right then.”
“Visiting your resident suffering poet. He upstairs?” Cas hears Meg answer.
“You guess, huh,” Dean says flatly when there’s no elaboration on the matter. “But you guys did do it, right? You lost your v-card?”
“Idjit,” huffs Cas and rolls his eyes. “You hunt monsters. See? Here’s a couple of loglines for the story.” He turns the page and points to a list of short descriptions. Dean mm-hmm’s and turns his focus entirely on the pages, and proceeds to read through them in concentration.
“Sure, I mean that’s what we expected. Where’s the beef?” Cas answers, cocking an eyebrow. Dean’s grin widens at that.
Dean pauses and shifts uncomfortably before continuing.  “She asked you to come out and talk to her, but you refused. I helped her drag you outside to the backyard. You were so pissed at us both at that point,” he says and gives a small, humourless laugh. “You yelled at us until, believe it or not, you got Hannah pretty pissed off at you as well. People started gathering around you. That’s when Hannah told you that you could either leave with her and talk it through, or choose me and end things then and there.”
Cas throws his backpack in the corner, picks up two dusty glasses and a fifth of some cheap scotch, and proceeds to pour each of them a generous drink. Dean accepts with some hesitation, while Cas sips on his and watches the amber liquid slosh in the glass. They stand close, less than an arm’s reach away from each other, like they’ve fallen into the habit of doing.
“So...I got kind of carried away and finished page sketches for the first script.”
“As did I,” Meg confirms, “And now I’m gonna head out, let you sort out whatever mess is brewing in that pretty head of yours.” She narrows her eyes and takes in a measuring look of Cas. “But don’t be a stranger. Maybe next time we’ll have an actual date.”
- Linkin Park - Numb
“I need Sith Fish printed on a t-shirt," Charlie says and wipes tears of laughter from her eyes, but then addresses Cas more seriously. "There’s no way you passed the assignment with that crap though. Did Ellen let you have it?”
Dean smiles secretively. “I want to draw a long form comic.”
"Yeah, yeah. You owe me one. And if I can't think of anything, I'll just collect your mortal soul in ten years," Crowley answers indifferently and waves them off.
Honey, you make me all dewey. Where you at?
Real life references in this chapter:
“What? No! If this is how you see me, then fuck me, I’m awesome,” Dean grins as he extends an arm to help Cas sit up. “We might need to change the names if we publish something, but I’m fine working with the original stuff for now.”
“Mr. Tran has good ideas. Maritime industry pollutes. Green solutions reduce pollution. If fish get killed the ecosystem will suffer. Suffering leads to fear. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to the Dark Side. Be like Jedi Master Tran so we don’t need to fear the Sith Fish.”
No, Cas has flat out forgotten.
Fridays end with a free period followed by History class, both of which Castiel shares with Dean. The day has dragged endlessly, and the anxieties and tiredness from the previous night weigh heavy on his shoulders. By the time the free period finally rolls around, Cas is thoroughly exhausted, and Dean remarks upon as much as he sinks into their couch in the Bunker.
“Uh, yeah, sorry,” Cas mumbles as he pushes off the couch. “I got sucked into an interesting conversation with Kevin and forgot.”
“Dean, if Cas agreed to be your writer, I’d seriously reconsider enlisting him,” he deadpans and proceeds to dig out a form from his bag. “Just listen to what this regular Shakespeare wrote in his opposition to my work today.”
“Hi,” Cas squeezes out, his throat already tight with unease. “Listen, I-”
And most of all I devote this work to Dean, without whom I never would have flown again.
“More satisfying?” Dean interjects.
11/05/2020
Now here is Dean, pressed against Castiel’s near naked body, hot and solid, and all at once it becomes both too much and not enough.
A crimson and purple sunrise ascends over the rooftops as Cas crosses the Harbor Bridge. He continues through the high rise blocks by the riverfront, along the historic district and the park beyond, until eventually he reaches his own neighbourhood.
- Stick figure comics. I drew heaps of them of my friends. And the friend / crush we did our projects with still has them all, as well as a small, red square book with smutty drawings in them. What can I say, I was a teenager with a rampant imagination and a friend to match it.
“You wanna hear about this story I’ve been working on?” he teases Dean, both to steer the conversation back to safe waters, but also because this is something he’s been looking forward to all weekend.
“What!?” Cas splutters. “Dean, that thing was insanely long!”
It’s not even 7AM, but his parents are early risers. The aroma of coffee wafts through the air, treacherously inviting. Cas abandons his jacket and bag in the hallway and enters the kitchen carefully, anticipating an inquisition waiting for him inside.
“I know you Castiel, and this is
“Yes, I can see you complaining," Meg laughs and pushes Cas down on the bed before climbing on top of him to straddle his hips. She grinds down sinuously, one hand pressed against his chest and the other sliding up underneath his chin. Cas grabs her waist as he thrusts up, and lets his palms slip beneath her top. He’s getting hard almost despite himself - it’s been a long week of pent up emotions and teasing - and Meg moans appreciatively as he rolls his hips again.
Aesthetics in
Dean reaches out to take Cas’ hand, but he jerks it back and stands up from the bed. Feeling abandoned and alone, with no one to defend him, Castiel lashes out like the wounded animal that he is.
The Bunker is a combination of break room, library and even occasionally a cafe, whenever there’s a bake sale for whatever the association is trying to fund. Since Duke John’s is a drama and arts oriented institution, most of those sales tend to fund plays, concerts or exhibitions. Sometimes even the occasional sporting event makes the list, they are a high school after all, complete with jocks and sporting teams. Although they don’t reach the competitive level of other local schools.
Before he has a chance to comment, Charlie announces excitedly, “Dean and Cas are starting a long form comic project together!”
“Yeah! We can get started on it tomorrow, if you’re staying over,” Sam agrees with a million watt smile.
Meg gets dressed quickly, bends over to place a kiss on Cas’ lips, then struts to the door. “Mind those bed bugs, Clarence,” she calls back and disappears with a wink, and the door clicks shut in her wake.
A naked arm and shoulder peek out from under Dean’s blanket, and Cas’ eyes widen. He feels his own torso, also naked, and holding his breath, carefully slides his hands down lower. Cas can't for the life of him recall coming home with Dean, let alone anything that prompted their current state. Mild panic begins to stir. Thankfully, his fingertips meet the waistband of his boxer shorts and Cas exhales in relief, but only to inhale sharply, when his palm grazes the head of his morning wood where it strains against the elastic of his boxer shorts.
Where are you two? Me and the others are ready to head over to Crowley’s.
“We’ll join them. Of course,” Cas agrees in relief. If Dean and the others are coming too, he’ll be fine. He can wait until tomorrow to break up in a decent manner, and not ruin a perfectly good evening.
It’s hard to define how it began, but he can distinguish his gradual shift into inadequacy, how he moved from certainty and ease into a constant struggle to overcome barriers. Nowadays there seems to be something stopping him from doing things, taking on a task and giving it his attention.
“Oh fuck, yes, yes, yes,” Meg chants and bites into her lower lip, her hands palming at Cas’ chest as he continues to pound into her. Suddenly his mind conjures up an image that replaces her with another pair of plump lips and pleasure addled eyes, shining green and intense above freckled cheeks.
Dean takes a full step back and runs a hand over his face. “Shit, Cas, I’m sorry,” he rasps, voice strung tight.
“Damn right,” Dean laughs. He really loves that car. “So, what you got us doing in this story, sell lemonade out of our trunk?”
Cas is incredulous. “What the hell, Dean? I thought you were supposed to have my back!”
He digs out one of the notebooks from a few months ago, when he first came up with the monster hunting brothers, and hesitantly hands it over to Dean.
“They make it sound like I seduced you and forced you to cheat on Hannah,” Dean complains. “Not to mention we didn’t do anything like they said at the party.”
Initially Cas wasn’t sure what he would do with the stories. He didn’t think they’d amount to anything, but would remain a private experiment into the worlds of horror, legends and lore. They were inconsistent and riddled with scenes he’d written purely for his own enjoyment. But after Friday, when Dean asked him for a story to draw, these were the first and only ones that popped into Castiel’s mind.
“No,” answers Cas. “Yes,” quips Crowley from behind his screen.
“Okay, okay!” Dean takes a deep breath. “Hannah wasn’t as upset about seeing you and me as you’d think, but she didn’t appreciate it. She came to get you and dragged you off the dance floor. That’s when you told her to go home, that you’d rather stay and continue dancing and drinking without her.”
They turn to him sluggishly, dazed. His mother attempts speech a few times, then his father answers.
Cas chews on the end of his pen. “ ‘m taking a break. Not working ‘n t’ script,” he mumbles.
Dean smiles a sad, lopsided smile and places his hand carefully on Cas’ back. “I know,” he says gently. “You had too much to drink and I know you’ve had a hard time lately. I’m not mad at you. But I appreciate the apology.”
Dean regards him in silence for a while and seems to weigh his options. Finally he grabs Cas’ knees and pushes himself up, kneeling to hover above him. Cas groans and peers at him from below the sleeve of his black button down.
- The Kelpie was an actual bar, of course named differently in my native language, close to our high school. They were a little tardy when it came to minding legal drinking limits. We spent a lot of time there in stead of our classes, naturally.
Their gang is sort of adjacent to Cas’ clan. Some of them know each other from earlier in their lives, and they invite each other to parties, or show up at ones thrown by mutual friends. Some of them know Hester, and so it makes sense that they were at the party. Cas has never really hung out with them much, as he considers himself too uncool for that, but apparently enough booze makes him forget such social protocol.
It’s jarring how casually that has changed between them, Cas ponders as he feels the rise and fall of Dean’s chest. But it fits their m-o. When at some point one of them broke the casual norm and started placing a hand on the other’s arm, greeted the other with a hug, began flirting or disregarded the concept of personal space, they always fell into step immediately.
“Evening, Meg,” Cas says, and somehow doesn’t even need to fake the smile. He holds up the bottle of scotch. “You want one?”
Cas groans and throws an arm over his face as Kevin clears his throat and proceeds to read out loud.
He opens the sketchbook and leafs through the first couple of pages. They’re all filled with character sketches, drawn in Dean’s detailed style that carries a unique balance between realism and caricature. It’s not as gritty as the drawings in the Miller comics he so dearly loves, but it’s dramatic enough to pack a punch.
Dean strides straight over to Crowley’s computer, and in signature Winchester move, begins to rearrange the playlist immediately, loudly declaring it an affront to humanity’s capabilities to create meaningful music. Next thing Warrant’s Cherry Pie blasts through the speakers and Dean joins them, grinning proudly. Jo swats him over the head as he sits down on the armrest opposite Cas. Dean pushes a full mug of their punch in Cas’ hand, and winks as he proceeds to down half of his own with alarming speed.
Back in bed, resting beneath the dusty covers, his mind swims with a mix of green, sad eyes, and the familiar stings of failure and guilt. Drowning in emptiness, weighed down with regret, Castiel clutches onto one single thought before drifting into sleep; in the morning he’ll start to mend things. Come tomorrow, he will start thinking with his brain again, and maybe, just maybe, he can begin to surface from the empty.
“Calm down, I’ll show you. No need to get handsy,” Dean laughs and wriggles his eyebrows lewdly. “Unless you think you can handle me.”
“How much do you remember from last night?” Dean asks, his tone carefully neutral.
. But I- I can’t just stand by and say nothing while you self destruct,” Dean voices his worries with a pained edge in his voice.
"Sure. I do sometimes indulge in the activity. Don’t know how else you think I made it to Senior year," Crowley answers lightly.
“Uh huh,” Cas lets out a breathy laugh. “If you don’t show me already, I will claw my way through you.” He makes a grab for the book, which Dean smoothly moves out of his reach.
“Have you been outside today, man? It’s raining ice and the winds are punishing,” Dean shudders.
“What the fuck happened, Dean?” Cas is starting to sound and feel hysterical.
It’s cozy and warm, like everything about the Winchester household is to him, but right now Cas finds it unnerving and becomes too restless to concentrate on episodes he has already seen. Instead he returns to working on his newest draft, the fifth storyline.
Finally Cas stops tapping his notebook nervously, and looks up. The brothers have paused the DVD and are both staring at him intently. Oh well, he might as well give them something.
"Fuck me, Clarence, like you mean it," Meg murmurs breathlessly.
Cas senses an unrestful pull somewhere deep inside him, the stirring of something he chooses to leave unaddressed. Instead he comforts himself with the familiarity of what they have, and tells himself he is simply overthinking this. There was no need to navigate anything too big right now. This is just Dean. Dean who he’s now had sex with. Maybe they’ll just add that to the list of things they did as friends.
It’s 11PM. Cas stares at his phone, which he reluctantly turned on to prevent his parents from calling the cops on him. He answered a call from his mother, but kept it short and to the point. Yes, he is okay. No, he isn’t saying where. Whatever, there’s always consequences. Of course, he’s a total failure. Good night, mom.
Hannah cuts him off by raising her hand. “No need to apologize. I’m really sorry I ruined the mood last night. I get that I was a little forward, and I’m sorry. We don’t have to take another step this soon, okay?” She smiles, looking ashamed and a little sad.
It doesn’t take long for Hannah to spot and corner him by their lockers.
“Yeah. I think it’s pretty obvious Hannah’s been jealous of you for a while,” Cas shrugs. There’s another jab of guilt. Not for anything they did during his and Hannah’s relationship, but because Cas knows the jealousy wasn’t entirely misplaced regardless.
Cas closes his eyes and goes still. Dean clears his throat and presses on. “After you said you’d stay there with me, you told her you should’ve broken up with her the day after your big date, and that you never wanted to have sex with her in the first place. You left her there crying hysterically.”
Nothing that is being asked of him is beyond his capabilities. Castiel knows this, and he’s offended every time there’s insinuation to the contrary. Instead the roots of the problem seem to lie with demands and expectations, and the gut reaction not to heed those, which always becomes his first roadblock. He can’t explain or rationalize it, but once something has met a block like that, approaching it is like willing himself to burn his palms on a hot stove.
“Fine, consult with the Sasquach,” Dean concedes grumpily and sinks deeper into the couch, glaring at Cas over their bent knees from the opposite end. Cas flicks Dean a suggestive smile, which he worries is maybe pushing it a little. But soon after Picard’s crew continues it’s adventures on the screen, Cas feels a soft pressure against his calf. Dean is stroking it absently with his foot, and with a small smile tugging at the corner of his lips, does so until they disentangle and retreat to his room.
Twenty minutes is barely enough time for Cas to consider whether this is a complete mistake. He hasn’t reached a conclusion yet when the front door clicks and he hears voices downstairs.
The first thing Cas becomes aware of is his head. His skull feels tight, his mouth dry and his tongue heavy and swollen. He groans in pain as he invites movement back into the rest of his body. Every sensation is heightened; the touch of fabric on his skin, the stiffness of his limbs and the coursing of blood in his veins. But at the same time he feels oddly detached from his body.
"Fine, just don't take forever."
“Walk me through this, Castiel, since it’s a little difficult for me to understand,” Amelia begins sternly. “You got drunk at Crowley’s and went to a house party at Hester Milton’s, completely blitzed. There you ended up making out with Dean on the dance floor, broke Hannah’s heart and publicly dumped her. And after all that you still had the nerve to drag Dean here and sleep with him?” She narrows her eyes at Cas. “Who
What he does not expect is to find his mother staring at her phone in shock, her face drained of color, and her father staring at her with an equally stricken expression. A mug of coffee lays forgotten on the counter, tipped over, painting the cupboard brown.
“You don’t seem too excited by that,” Dean observes and turns more serious. Losing your virginity is apparently something most guys are enthusiastic about, but Cas just feels like he’s completed a chore, and isn’t even that happy with the outcome.
Guilt over all the reasons why that is.
There is such deep sadness in his eyes, it forces Cas to drop his gaze. “I thought I was safe with you from all this,” he mutters, unaware that he’s speaking aloud.
No, wait, that’s his cellphone.
Cas reaches out, plucks the book from it’s shelf and cracks it open. It still smells like his old backpack, the one he accidentally doused in Red Bull. Twice. He uses the light from his phone to leaf through the pages, careful not to wake Dean.
“I don’t know what to tell you, mom. I don’t usually drink like that. I guess I just felt overwhelmed and the booze was there,” Cas shrugs.
“What? No, Dean, they won’t get off my case, ever. And if I let them do this to me, they’ll end up thinking they did the right thing here,” Cas disputes defensively.
After a slow wake up and breakfast, Cas spends the morning deciphering their notes from Friday. By afternoon he’s already fixed most of the script he had for the second storyline. At the same time Dean goes through page sketches for the first one and makes some of the changes Cas requested. Mary forces them out of Dean’s room for dinner, after which they end up watching some old Star Trek DVD’s with Sam, while munching on popcorn and Skittles.
It’ll feel easier to grab a rope and climb back onto that cliff, the safe bedrock. What’s vastly more intimidating, is allowing someone to pull you down until your feet touch solid ground, and you can learn to walk again.
Dean smiles slyly and winks, then clears his throat as he stands up. “Yeah, we both do, Hannah. You worry way too much,” he says and claps Hannah’s shoulder. “Come on. We should all probably head to the cafeteria. It’s Friday, and you know that means pizza.”
“So… You wanna see what I’ve got so far?” he asks with an enthusiastic glimmer in his eyes. Cas feels excitement begin to bubble in his stomach, and the first genuine smile of the day reaches his eyes. He nods, biting his lower lip, and catches Dean’s eyes as they flicker to his mouth and back up again.
The Kelpie’s customer base is loyal, and Ash is famously fond of all his regulars. As much is evident when his face lights up as Cas and Dean push through the door. He steps out from behind the counter and greets them with weird, one armed, sleeveless hugs.
Cas contemplates and nods. “Yeah, I guess so.”
"That's good. Because I've discussed this with your counselor and a few of my colleagues,” Amelia discloses. “All agree that you ought to have a curriculum drafted for the rest of the year, which would include all the assignments you need to pass your courses, and a few to bump previous grades." She offers a smile that is perhaps meant to be supportive, but comes across as deeply condescending.
“I don’t deserve forgiveness. I was a complete asshole.”
They sit in silence then, one that Cas thinks of as an unspoken conversation. They have them every now and again, when they both know what the other is feeling and neither of them wants to put it into words. Actually they do this almost every time they approach the subject of emotions, and it’s almost masterful how much they are able to fit into these silences.
- Evanescence - Going Under
A slow drumming of rain begins to pound against the metal roofing. Cas smiles, places the book beside the bed and stares at the ceiling, letting the pitter-patter lull him into a state of relaxation. He glances out of the window at the rainy, bare street outside, bathed in the fluorescent orange of the streetlights. It tugs at his memory peculiarly, like it holds some significant meaning.
Like a drug, it removes all pain and thought concerning the previous days, and Cas is addicted to the high. Regardless of all the things that ought to be burdening him, Sunday is pretty much what he considers a perfect day; one he can spend entirely with Dean, immersing in their stories together.
Several moments fly by-- it’s impossible to say if it’s been minutes or hours-- when Cas feels gentle fingertips trailing circles against his skin. As he melts into it, his own palm traces up Dean’s arm and down his pecs, landing at the small of his waist. Dean cants his hips slightly to accommodate the touch and an unmistakable hardon presses against Castiel’s hip, drawing out an appreciative humm.
Seriously, Castiel. It’s almost 10AM.
“I was wondering why you’d been over there,” says Dean in amusement. “Okay, lay it on me. I’ve got nowhere to be tonight and I really wanna get started on this as soon as I can.”
“Anna Milton is dead.”
Castiel’s heart jumps up into his throat and his breath hitches. Dean’s hand on his naked body feels like searing hot iron, and it’s burning rapidly through layers of mutually built boundaries. They’ve arrived on completely uncharted territory, and Cas is now far away from anything he knows how to navigate. Despite all their playful flirting and touching, he hadn’t expected to land here anytime soon, if ever.
Today, as I post this, it's been exactly 16 years since we found out about the death of our "Anna Milton". I didn't know I'd post this exact chapter on this day, but it feels weirdly cathartic to do so. It was really painful but also quite beautiful to write some of this stuff. It's very personal, but also not. I think dealing with grief and depression is a universal theme, and I hope this terribly heavy and joyless chapter can make someone feel not alone with those experiences.
Cas’ face heats up. It was bad, and his mother makes it sound so much worse.
“Maybe perfectly good isn’t what you need,” answers Dean, and pats his arm gently. Cas leans into it minutely and smiles that very private smile they sometimes share.
The denim of Cas’ jeans is painfully constricting, and leans back on his knees to unbutton them with his unoccupied hand. In a show of flexibility, Meg pushes the jeans down with one foot, and Cas moves to kick them off entirely. She yanks her top over her head, all the while spearing herself on Cas’ fingers, now counting three.
Hey Clarence, here’s my number. Give me a call and we’ll pick up where we left off. ;) next time don’t bring that muscle of yours. He’s pretty but also a complete killjoy. -Meg
Cas turns around to lie on his back and shields his eyes from the bright daylight that streams in from above him. The walk to Hester’s had been uneventful, so he tries to concentrate on what happened later. A memory flashes through his mind. There was a pulsing base rhythm and bodies being pressed against him. Cas turns to look at Dean seriously.
Cas is breathing hard and his mind is spinning, still wrapped up in the high, but he can see Dean already close off, steeling against his reaction.
"I don't- you what?" Cas isn’t sure he’s hearing correctly.
On some level nothing has changed, but Cas can’t fool himself. Just like he can’t ignore how their naked rutting this morning was the best he’s ever felt having sex. How it was infinitely more satisfying than being with Hannah had been on any occasion, even if admitting it makes him nervous.
“Dean? And Sam?” Dean asks and turns to Cas, frowning.
Amelia’s face flushes crimson and Cas knows he’s crossing a line, pressing a lot of the wrong buttons.
Whatever the tension between him and Dean is, it’s not something they’ve been on the brink of addressing. More like a long, drawn out staring game, where the rules are unspoken agreements, they never talk about it, acknowledge it or do anything explicit. If you broke those rules and made this thing real, Cas believed, it would be game over.
“I believe it when I hear it.”
“I do too, you know, like you and your drawings best,” he says after a while.
Cas averts his eyes, flicking between the ceiling and walls, anywhere but Dean’s eyes or body.
Someone clears their throat, and both turn to see Crowley considering them with raised eyebrows.
Cas is confused. “The what?”
With resolve and a healthy amount of apprehension, Cas finally makes his way up, and just as the second alarm sounds, pushes himself through the doors and into the swarming morning crowd.
Perhaps the guise of their staring game was what had kept him safe from approaching these thoughts before. The unspoken promise that they didn’t venture beyond their mutually established boundaries, the safeguards of their friendship. But what purpose do the boundaries serve now? What would be the new ones they’d keep in order to preserve their bond?
“Mom, my friends aren’t corrupting me. I’m capable of being a screw-up without their help!” Cas explains, arms spread. “This has nothing to do with what I wear or who I hang out with!” He’s finally beginning to feel the familiar frustration and anger these talks always unearth.
Dammit, she shouldn’t be the one apologizing. Cas lets out a long sigh and presses his hands against his eyes.
Music in this chapter (in true 2005 angsty teen fashion):
“Hey, you know it’s not the end of the world if Hannah isn’t it for you? I’m not sure anyone’s supposed to meet
There’s nothing to it. The best he can do is to just take it.
- One of my parents has worked their entire life for the church, and I used to be very active there. Until I wasn't, and simply stopped having any religious inclinations. I have always found Castiel's story a resonating one due to the crisis of faith story, and living as an LGBTQ youth in a religious environment.
Cas wanders down the quiet, whispering streets, awash with the illuminating highlights and deep shadows of a breaking day. He stops in front of his home and ponders how the carefully kept, white, wooden building with its wraparound porch and garden looks so inviting, whilst harboring the scariest place Cas could choose to enter right now.
The city is bathed in hazy light, diffusing through a thin veil of mist that rises from the Plough River and the nearby sea shore. The atmosphere is soft and lonely, like someone was watching him grieve from afar.
Cas recounts the entire evening, including the exaggerated stories concerning his and Hannah’s relationship. Dean mirrors his agitation throughout the retelling, and groans in annoyance over the parts he’s included in.
(See the end of the chapter for
The only upside Cas has found so far is that he keeps hiding behind notebooks, and as he is too anxious to focus on his classes, he’s made some incredible progress on the second script for Dean. Since he’s started going through material for the third one too, it means Cas is swiftly catching up with himself.
Anyway.
Before Cas knows it, Meg grabs his shirt and draws him into a sultry kiss, the kind that has no preface but gets right down to it, like they are this familiar with each other. It’s a curious feeling to kiss someone like that - knowing it’s not for the first time, while barely recalling doing so before. They break apart with a loud smack from their spit slick lips.
I dedicate this book to our angel Anna, who drew me over the edge.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, we know, you ginormous nerd.”
By the time Cas and Dean arrive, a small party has already gathered. Random people loiter around the front porch and music blasts through the door as it swings open. Inside they find Crowley in his kitchen, busy dispensing moonshine from the stash in his walk-in storage. Straight away Dean starts rummaging through his fridge and cupboards for ingredients and clean dishes. A few minutes later they join the others in the cramped living room, carrying a pitcher of disgusting punch and mugs.
“So get this,” Dean says excitedly as Cas settles down. "I came up with the greatest idea ever."
His mother continues to fix her hard gaze on him. “Be that as it may, it still doesn’t explain the rest of your behavior.”
I don’t know if I can talk to you tomorrow, but I don’t think we’re done here.
Dean looks down at Cas this time, but there’s a weird, sorrowful expression in his eyes.
Milling around the hallways of Duke John’s is a mixed crowd of teenagers. Some are local, among them the jocks and most average students, and others have moved from further away for it’s highly acclaimed arts and drama education.
she intones with delight, “I hear you already had company over. I’m impressed, you’re more free spirited than I gave you credit for.”
“No, yes, of course I remember. Hester’s family is out of town. The Milton’s place, at seven,” he says instead.
“At one point I came down to check on you, and you were being all handsy with this Meg chick. So I tried to pull you away before, you know, you drew unnecessary attention to yourself,” Dean continues. “You really didn’t want to leave the dance floor though. So I just let you drag me with you, and we danced for a bit.
"I'm sorry, Dean," Cas mutters and frowns at the torn label of his beer. "I never meant to pull your family into my mess. It's why I came here."
"I don't think I wanna know," Cas muses, sipping on his beer.
Avoiding reality is Castiel’s knee jerk reaction to anxiety. Whenever he just can’t deal with life or himself, he escapes into his writing. Alone, a lot of times, but it’s always better when he’s with Dean. They spurr each other’s imagination, like their minds are connected by their creativity.
But he doesn’t know what. Cas only knows he can’t go to those meetings, he won’t. More restrictions and rules, more forced participation, those aren't what he needs. What he needs is to feel free of all the pressure everyone keeps piling on him.
Of course I know where that smarmy dick lives. Be there in 20.
Dean doesn’t meet his eyes. “Cas, the rest of the evening isn’t going to be a nice story, okay? And I feel like shit for letting what we did this morning happen after everything,” he chews on his lower lip. “Just… you need to know that I’m here for you. I’m on your side.”
“Let’s see. We arrived at Hester’s and you pretty much immediately declared that the world could go fuck itself, and that you were going to just let go. Everyone else agreed that you pretty much had already.” Dean smiles slightly. “We tried to cut you off, but you kept insisting you were barely tipsy. Then Meg, Michael and those folks set up the dance floor downstairs. You went with them and a bunch of others.”
Inadvertently his fight for self expression has turned into a constant defiance of authority, and persistent anxiousness over not being enough. And now his grades have started to drop, his report cards becoming the evidence that he, in fact, can't get it together and isn't enough. Thanks to all this, the prospect of college has become increasingly alien. It’s just another thing that everyone expects of him, while Castiel himself is less and less convinced he should attempt it-- or that he could even do it if he tried.
I dedicate this book to everyone who’s paths crossed mine during that transformative time in Harbor Creek. It has taken me years to regain my love for it’s old buildings, riverfront, windswept parks, ancient trees and the smell of salty sea breeze. But I have walked far enough now to find the good in all that happened, and everyone who pushed me closer to the greatest fall of my life.
- Crowley's is based on a real thing. It was the home of a friend and his siblings, and it was used pretty much as described in this fic. Our friend is no Crowley, but let's say he had a certain nonchalance to his ways that fit the character.
He considers the exchanges they’ve had this week. Meg is fun, witty, sarcastic and shamelessly flirty and direct in her advances. It doesn’t so much surprise Cas - since apparently he’s already been a few knuckles deep inside her - as it intrigues him. This kind of candor is a new experience to him, and it’s exciting if also slightly confusing in his emotional state. But it is, definitely, a distraction. And that’s what Cas needs right now.
Finally Dean continues. “I don’t know what to do about all that, but I know I have to help you and be there for you.”
Can you let me know you’re alive? I’m mad at you, but I need to know you’re ok.
That morning his mother called and demanded Cas come home after school, since his father was returning from his latest business trip. There wasn’t much choice, and Castiel accepted the depressing prospect of spending an evening around a dinner table with both of his parents.
Sorry for all manner of typos and such. I've done my best with editing. Point out if something is a real eye sore.
his words. It was uncanny how accurately Dean was able to portray his story, seeming to know exactly how he felt it should flow. It wasn’t just that he’d followed the descriptions Cas gave. It was that he also read everything Cas didn’t put down into words. He just
He pushes through the masses, all wandering towards the cafeteria, and past the beaded curtain at The Bunker’s entrance.
Dean rolls his eyes, but seems to consider his next words carefully. “You know, they’re probably not wrong to be worried about the school stuff,” he finally says, keeping his voice as neutral as he can manage.
I’m so sorry. I messed up big time, I can’t even begin to make it up to you. I can’t ask you to forgive me. I need you to know that I wanted to talk things through with you, not end our relationship like this. I didn’t mean the things I said. And me and Dean are not together like that. I’m sorry. I hope we can talk about this at some point. I’m so ashamed of myself.
Another aspect is how personal the new stories feel. Previously the stories have revolved around hunters and monsters, ranging from obscure lore and stories to more widely used tropes. The most he’s ever nodded in the direction of religion are demons and the concept of hell, without taking any stance on the existence of heaven. But he chose to include Biblical lore in the fourth draft, and even included a character modeled after himself, an angel who rebels against heaven for Dean’s character.
“You’re one to talk, jerk, have you met you?”
“I’m not your poster boy for a deacon’s son, mom!” Cas snaps and rises up. “Look, I’m sorry my behavior isn’t what you expect it to be, but I don’t share your beliefs, and I don’t share your dreams!”
Pretty sure he didn’t get the entire picture yet, Cas frowns. This is hardly anything unexpected. Dean is easily one of the most promising young artists of Duke John’s, and his forte is pop art, comics in particular, a craft he’s been perfecting for years.
“You guys, don’t rush through these bad boys. Yours truly might’ve been a little generous with the syrup, if you know what I mean,” says Ash seriously and taps the side of his nose. Dean and Cas accept their drinks with thanks, and proceed to take unnecessarily large sips, which sends them into fits of choughs.
Cas tries to hide his relief and attempts a genuine smile. “I get that. But I had fun”, he says, and as it feels like an inadequate thing to say, he quickly adds,  “A lot of fun.”
Cas has the decency to look ashamed. “I know, I screwed up. I apologized to Hannah and we agreed to talk once she can deal with it,” he answers, staring down his mug.
Trying to bring in any new stuff between him and Dean at this point really would be a horrible idea. Dealing with both the girl he doesn’t recall making out with, and the changing relationship with his best-friend-with-something at the same time, would likely end with his brain matter splattered across Duke John’s cafeteria. So, weird texts, platonic cuddles and expansive journeys into fantasy worlds it is.
“I do.
“They’re afraid I’m being corrupted by bad influences,” Cas says dryly, huffs a breathy laugh and spins the scotch around in it’s glass. “To them what I do outside and at school are one and the same. They’re worried I’m failing my Senior year, but this is just punishment for everything else.
Cas frowns. Of course Meg would choose now to message him.
who you are! You aren’t this dark, directionless figure. You are a bright, strong person,” his mother maintains, this time raising her voice and taking a step towards Cas. “You could be whatever you want. I can’t believe you choose this for yourself!”
Trigger warnings: Suicide, depression and all levels of angst that come with that
“Yo, Cas! Get your ass over here!"
He barely notices Meg reenter the room. She stands next to the bed, hands on her hips, and regards him with a frown. “You know, I can tell when there’s no post-coital bliss to be had,” she says matter-of-factly.
Dean shakes his head and laughs. “Hey, you got some of that stronger coffee, with a little extra kick? Castiel here isn’t feeling too preppy today, and I could use a little pick me up myself,” he asks with a wink, and Cas swears it makes Ash blush a little.
Today Castiel is exceptionally grateful for their arrangement, as he barely has enough energy after the first period to show up at Missouri’s classroom at all.
The whole Satanic Panic at his mother’s church was one thing. He can laugh at the belief that dressing in black and listening to heavier music puts him in cahoots with Lucifer. He can’t laugh at the notion that he’s fallen in with the wrong crowd, or that he’s becoming a depressed outcast because of who he chooses to be.
"Crowley's. Never told my folks where he lives," Cas chuckles.
“Hannah,” Cas says, and suddenly it’s like someone tipped a bucket full of ice water over his head. Dean nods, and looks down at his lap as he continues. “She came downstairs right then, and I hadn’t pulled away yet. We weren’t really kissing, but you were definitely trying to get there.”
“The suspense is killing me, Dean, maybe even worse than this coffee,” Cas gags. “Stop teasing, please.”
They jump in surprise, and Dean pulls his hand back quickly as Hannah emerges behind Charlie and Kevin.
“No, no,” Dean gasps for air as he tries to compose himself, “this is
“Nothing wrong with revealing your tastes in porn. I personally prefer gang bangs.” Meg shrugs nonchalantly. “Now we’re even.”
Cas swallows. His voice is hoarse as he speaks. “Yeah, that’d be cool.”
Cas allows his head to flop back against the armrest and stares blankly at the ceiling. “I can’t do this day anymore. Can't it just be over so I could be miserable in peace?” he moans and drapes an arm over his eyes.
Dean opens his mouth, but nothing comes out. He moves numbly at first, and then bolts through the door, slamming it forcefully as he goes.
Meg tugs at his shirt. “Off,” she demands and arches her back to push down her panties, forcing Cas to pull out his fingers. He strips his shirt off, then bends down to rummage through his bag for a condom. He returns with a foil package in hand, and takes in the nearly naked form of Meg in front of him, running his hand along the perky curve of her body. She eagerly palms Cas through his boxer shorts, and he gasps in pleasure. He’s way past overthinking this.
“Charming as always, Fergus,” chirps Meg, and next Cas makes out the squeaking of the stairs.
“I’m just redirecting my efforts to something more productive. Like preparing for my inevitable success in Hollywood, where I intend to move once I’ve dropped outta high school,” Cas deflects with his usual sarcastic wit. Crowley chortles and goes to dig through his bag.
Dean seems to startle out of deep thoughts when Cas stirs. His green eyes are swimming with emotions, but this time their meaning is undecipherable to Castiel, and he draws his hand back, frowning into his pillow. The hazy, floating state from before has dissolved. He’s feeling much more lucid now, and his mind is already weighing down with the crushing clarity that came with it.
“I remember this morning,” Cas mumbles into his pillow.
Castiel’s conscious mind tries to remind the rest of him that this situation is absolutely terrifying. But apparently there’s a complete disconnect between his senses and his body, which seems to consider the current predicament highly stimulating. Cas feels the weight of Dean’s gaze as it pries through his facade. He doesn’t know what exactly it is that Dean observes, but soon Dean is shimmying closer, until their bodies are practically fitted together. He rests his forehead against Cas’ neck, and lets his hand trace down, coming to rest on the side of Cas’ stomach.
Cas frowns as he digs through his brain. He does remember some of it. Meg, Michael and “those folks” are a bunch of Seniors from the neighbouring Abbey Hill high school, with a few college students and dropouts thrown into the mix. They have a bit of a reputation, but among teens like Cas and the rest of Duke John’s aspiring underground artists and so called goth youth, they are kind of regarded as the cool gang. Some have online fame, some their own bands and a few even have connections to actual minor celebrities in the punk and goth scene.
Still, even with the distractions the monster hunting brothers and their real life counterparts provide, the week has been utterly exhausting. By Thursday Cas feels completely drained, and he’s aware that he looks the part as well. His eyes are glassy and sunken, skin pale and waxy, and his dark, unruly hair is messed up in ways he didn’t think were possible.
As he drifts off towards sleep, Cas feels weirdly melancholic and nostalgic, but still warmer than he has for weeks, like he’s on the precipice of something.
“You’re really shit at taking breaks,” Dean says and pushes Cas’ knee.
Returning to school after Friday’s events was a nightmare, and it made Cas infinitely grateful for Dean’s company in the evenings. They shared the bed every night, although things remained on a rather platonic stage. Just some hugging and sleeping in tangles. Perhaps that’s for the best, since Cas’ mind already felt like exploding from keeping on the edge all day, every day.
"I'm aware," Cas says carefully.
Not that Cas would ever say that out loud. Dean would point out that Miller used colorists, sometimes pencillers and other artists, and really maybe Dean wanted to compare himself more to O’Barr initially. More stylistic and indie, entirely self made. But since balancing between writing and drawing was out of his comfort zone, he’s more than fine becoming Lloyd to Castiel’s Moore. Also shut up Cas.
Not sure how to deal with himself while Dean peruses through his unfiltered notes, Cas lays down on the floor and studies the ceiling. The paint has cracks. So many cracks. He counts them to distract himself from Dean’s occasional humms of approval and remarks like “huh” or “interesting”. Finally Dean lowers the notebook and stares at him with a whole new kind of intensity.
“Yeah, yeah, sure thing, my man,” Ash nods. “Take a seat and I’ll bring yours right over.”
It’s hard to appreciate the nice surroundings in pouring rain and freezing winds, but even that holds more appeal than ascending the path that leads to the front doors.
Meg is dressed in her usual all black. This time it’s a short leather jacket over a tank top that leaves as little to the imagination as the black denim skirt, which barely shields her upper thighs. Abused fishnet stockings wrap her legs between the frayed hemline and a pair of ratty high rise combat boots.
Castiel swallows and turns his eyes to Kevin, who mirrors Mrs. Harvelle’s frustration.
Cas cranes his head to peer at the monitor. "I just figured you run some sort of scheme and have most of the teachers indebted to you in one way or another.”
Cas snorts. “Man, I hate that I can’t remember that. Dean Winchester breaking out the moves.”
His mind plays a never ending reel of hyperbolic outcomes and different ways these could play out. Every way seems to result in something unpleasant, and Cas curls into himself as anxiety settles in the pit of his stomach. It’s only when he manages to isolate the sound of a dripping faucet, that his mind gets distracted enough and he finally drifts off into restless sleep.
Eventually Dean traces a finger along Cas’ cheek and rolls off the bed. He stumbles his way to the small en suite bathroom. There’s clattering, the sound of flushing followed with more clatter and running water. Soon Dean emerges back into the bedroom naked, carrying a washcloth in one hand, and Aspirin with a glass of water in the other.
Fuck. How the hell did his plans just implode so completely?
instead of even trying to build a steady relationship.”
All bets are off. Cas grabs Meg by her hips and sets up a rhythm that is far from sensual, completely intent on pouring all his frustrations into this single joining on flesh. He pushes her knee up, almost all the way down to the mattress beside her, and cants her hips up just right.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Dean answers as he enters, kicks his boots off and casually flops onto Castiel’s queen size bed. “I just got the feeling Hannah wouldn’t take it too well if I outright told her I planned to pick your brain about our project.”
After some convincing by Mary, his mother allowed Cas to stay with the Winchesters for a bit, under the condition they go home straight after school every day. Probably since Cas has made it obvious he doesn’t respect curfews or house arrests at his own home. Typical mom. Doesn't matter where her punishment is executed, as long as she gets in the last word.
You should be. You embarrassed both of us. I need some time, but at some point I want to talk about this. Take care for now.
Cas pulls the condom off and throws it into the trash can. He uses a tissue from his bag to clean up and finds his last clean pair of boxers. Once he’s done and laying on the bed again, staring at the ceiling, Cas feels the hollow begin to plant roots inside him. The sex felt good, and now he feels nothing at all. Doesn’t even remember why this seemed like such a good idea.
Castiel strides down the hall in a huff. “You’re a genius at this type of thing, and I’m not. What the hell was I supposed to come up with, huh? I can’t oppose someone of your level,” he proclaims and flails his arms in frustration.
When you read this, I want you to be aware of what an assbut you were tonight. >:( Just walked Hannah home, she’s gonna live.
"Yes, Castiel. We'll be monitoring your attendance more closely from now on. And you'll need to stop staying up late every night with Dean and the others," his mother concludes, and this time her smile definitely holds an edge of smugness.
Apparently Dean sees something break and he scoots over, inviting Cas into his arms. Cas goes willingly, rests his temple against Dean’s chest and drapes his arms around his waist, and allows himself to be held through the slow onset of shaking. However long it takes for Cas’ breathing to even out and the trembling to stop, Dean holds him patiently through it all. Eventually the weakness he feels can’t be explained away by shock and anxiety, and they are driven out of bed by hunger and thirst.
Cas breathes a relieved sigh, and slides his hands along Dean’s back to pull him in, needing all the skin contact he can have. Dean’s forehead rests against Cas’ collarbone and he rolls his hips once, sinuous and languid, and let’s out a long groan that reverberates against Castiel’s neck. It sends a thrill down his spine, arching his back and sliding their cocks together in the hot, wet enclosure.
Now they had sex. Not the most intimate kind, but Cas isn’t stupid enought to beat around the bushes. They took one of the last bricks that usually separates a friendship from a relationship, threw it away casually, and once again fell into step as if this is how it's always been. As if nothing changed between them.
The Kelpie is a suspicious watering hole a block away from the school, located in an old red tiled industrial building. From the outside it appears to be an old English style pub, even the decor matches that image, but in reality it’s more like a small coffee shop. Although the coffee is awful and all they sell is stale sweet loaves and very basic sandwiches. But people don't frequent The Kelpie for it’s menu, but for it’s unique ambience and owner, a guy in his late 20’s named Ash. And for the unadvertised fact that he occasionally pours a beer or a shot of liquor instead of chai, and doesn’t exactly discern between high school kids and other customers.
Cas stares at his phone in abject horror. Gradually the paralysis morphs into full blown panic.
“Nice moves you got going. They almost worked on me too,” Dean continues, this time with a touch of humor in his voice.
Cas sniffs at the sickly red liquid. It smells like cranberry juice, artificial flavor and bad ideas. The moonshine is sharp enough that it’s odor stings in his nostrils. Matching Dean’s speed would be a really shitty idea, Cas muses. The booze is strong and he isn’t an experienced drinker.
like me anymore. Is that
, just a few weeks ago he didn’t even want a room of his own, didn’t understand why he should even
“And, well...we’re in a perfectly good bar now.”
“Here,” Cas says, holding out the opened bottle. “I got one for you, too.”
Dean trails off into nervous laughter. Cas patiently waits for him to continue.
I recently had to redo my room/study space and I gotta say, I kinda miss having a tv. Oh well...
The angel is sitting in bed, his back leaned against the headboard. He’s translating a passage from an old book into Enochian for Sam, and Dean has just given up on trying to read...
The angel presses a kiss to his cheek and slowly peels himself away from Dean, slipping out of the hunter’s room. Dean sighs and glances around his room.
are.”
Dean’s shoulders slump forward.
“Huh,” Dean muses. “So, we’re stronger together than we are apart? Is that what you’re saying?”
“Yeah, you know. Wings, feathers—”
Dean leans their foreheads together. Cas pulls him in for a proper hug once more. After a long moment, their lips meet in a gentle kiss. Cas leans them back so they’re half laying on the bed.
Cas moves to step back, but Dean quickly wraps his other arm around Cas’s middle, pulling him close. Cas’s eyes are dark and stormy, only a sliver of blue left in them. Dean swears he can feel the air pressure in the room changing, like Cas is about to start a thunderstorm in the middle of the bunker. The angel should be downright
here,” Sam growls, fist pounding on the table for emphasis. “So you two are gonna keep...
The angel is
There are a pair of pool tables in the back of the large, open space, a bar top off to his right, and a cluster of tables and chairs in the middle of the room, with a few booths tucked away along the sides. It’s all dark flooring and wood paneling,
Dean glances at him.
They both chuckle lightly at that. Dean leans over and presses a kiss to Cas’s lips but quickly pulls away, the threats his brother made still hanging over them. As if sensing Dean’s thoughts, Cas gives him a look.
he whispers, letting his head fall onto Cas’s shoulder.
Cas nods enthusiastically. Dean opens the trunk and they both place their bags inside. He walks over to the driver’s side, and Cas walks over to the passenger’s side. They both open their doors and slide into the front seat. Dean puts the key in the ignition and starts the car. He turns to look at Cas and the angel leans across the front seat, pressing a lingering kiss to his lips. When he pulls back, he’s smiling at Dean, his blue eyes full of hope, and joy, and
“How...how did you—”
Sam. The younger Winchester holds up his hands defensively, and Cas stops.
way. Not a chance. For starters, Cas would probably be just as gloomy as Dean at being separated. Although, he probably wouldn’t engage in dirty phone conversations while in Sam’s presence.
Slowly, Cas pulls off his cock, sucking lightly as he does. He plants more kisses on Dean’s thighs, pausing every now and then to look at him.
Dean, I’ve never even seen him watch tv unless it was with one of us.”
“We won’t do anything you don’t want to,” Cas assures him. “I...I would
happy I don’t have to be seen with you in public, Dean.”
“I don’t care about those things. I don’t care about what you look like, or how old you are.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean furrows his brows, his heart hammering in his chest.
“Mine’s blue,” he adds mindlessly.
“That’s it, Cas,” he says, “I wanna be able to feel this for a
“Dean? Are you alright?”
does look upset. It’s obvious he understands the weight of what he did, something Sam has to admit he’s a
He quickly changes into some clean boxers and jeans and is searching for a shirt when he hears a knock against the doorframe behind him.
if they have sex. The honeymoon phase of being glued at the hip during the day and going at it all night may have faded, but the two of them still have a
“Okay,” Dean says soothingly. “You can get some more rest.”
His hands trail away from Dean’s hips, sliding down to grab at either side of Dean’s ass, forcing their hips even more firmly together. Dean whines, and the noise sends Cas into
Cas presses a kiss to his cheek.
like going to a real bar, but it would probably be close enough. After a moment, the hunter clears his throat.
Dean quickly pushes it aside, telling himself it’s probably nothing, just a trick of the light. And really, that isn’t too hard to do when he looks
Dean knocks back his third drink.
By ten o’clock, there’s still no sign of Cas and apparently, some of the books in the library are missing.
about how you feel?” he asks.
Didn't take me as long to edit this as I thought it was going to, but we'll see if that continues for the next few chapters. Speaking of, there's only a few chapters left! We're almost there you guys, I promise I won't leave you hanging.
Dean remarks. “I knew he was tired, but I didn’t think he was
“Did you just...
Sam sighs and relaxes in his chair.
“But—”
Cas looks away. He can’t bear the pain and confusion on Dean’s face.
I’ve lived with both of you for too long to
He starts to rub Dean’s back.
Sam glances at the books in Dean’s arms.
Dean shrugs.
Cas nods.
Cas stretches up to kiss the top of Dean’s head and they lapse into comfortable silence. Eventually, Cas shifts the ice pack to the other side of Dean’s neck. Dean quickly takes advantage of the opportunity this gives him, turning his head to kiss Cas’s lips. They stay like that for a while, trading slow kisses until the ice pack inevitably thaws out. When Cas deposits the ice pack on Dean’s nightstand, he picks up the bottle of aspirin, offering it to Dean.
Dean stares at him for a moment, then surges forward, pressing a desperate kiss to Cas’s lips. Cas makes a soft noise of surprise, but quickly returns the kiss. Dean grabs at Cas’s arms and shoulders, kissing him roughly. He sets a breakneck pace, and it isn’t long before Cas can feel Dean’s tongue teasing over his lips. Cas tilts his head back, breaking the kiss.
They’re silent for a beat, then Dean chuckles lightly against Cas’s shoulder. Cas smiles to himself, and the tension in the room starts to ease. Slowly, Dean lifts his head so he can meet Cas’s gaze. The angel’s blue eyes are soft and full of affection.
“That’s it, baby,” Dean purrs against his lips. “That’s what I wanna hear.”
“Exactly,” Sam replies. “They search for specific materials depending on what their exact species is, meaning different birds will build different nests.”
“It’s
“Uh, Cas was kinda...preoccupied,” he offers.
“Dean, get up. The damn electricity went out again.”
Realization spreads across Dean’s face.
“Okay,” Sam nods, stifling another yawn. “I can do that.”
is a much better word.
Dean sighs and shakes his head, going over to the counter to make himself a cup of coffee. Sam leans back in his chair.
he mutters.
Sam shoots a look at Dean. Dean shoots a look at Cas.
“Alright,” he murmurs. “But
“What? No coffee?” he teases.
“I’m sorry,” Cas murmurs.
Cas slowly looks up at Dean, his blue eyes shimmering in the dim light. Dean licks his lips nervously.
“Yeah. I, uh, did some research...and I think I might have an idea about what’s going on.”
Cas frowns at his mug and takes another sip of coffee. When he eventually looks back at Sam, he’s wearing a puzzled expression.
—Cas let out a pleased hum at that, his thumb stroking along Dean’s cheek. It’s everything Dean imagined a first kiss with Cas would be like—
fix that though...
By way of response, Sam grabs one of his purchases from last night and strides back over to Cas. He holds it out to the angel. Cas stares at him for a moment.
Dean nods slowly. He takes another sip of whiskey.
Cas steps forward and nearly looks like he’s going to
The angel smiles at him.
Sam narrows his eyes.
“I know what you wrote, Cas,” he says intently. “I know what you wrote about me.”
he likes this. The way it feels like every inch of him is humming with electricity is a sure sign of that. Still, a small part of his mind is screaming in protest.
is someone he’s not allowed to have. And now that that notion has been completely stripped away, Cas doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do. He knows what he
“Hey, you never know. Maybe Nessie gets bored,” he says, straight-faced.
The younger Winchester hums as he starts flipping through the pages.
Cas pulls back just enough to look at Dean, a curious expression on his face. He places his hand on Dean’s shoulder, and the next thing Dean knows, he’s
“Nah, it’s fine,” Dean replies. “I’ll just wait till we get back.”
“There’s...there’s something I want you to have,” Dean says quietly. “It’s in my room.”
“Don’t lie...” Dean grins. “You like it when I get dirty.”
Dean nods.
“You’re the
on the hunt, and not
“What makes you say that?”
to give him earlier that morning—or he wants to make Dean moan in pleasure. Either potential meaning sounds
“Hello, Dean.”
“Cas kissed me,” he says quietly.
“Sam won’t be happy about that.”
Like always, the next part shall be ready to go here soon, although it *might* take me an extra day. The next few chapters are a little longer, and take me a little more time to edit, so just a heads up!
Enjoy! :)
“Okay, let’s go.”
“What are you researching?” the angel inquires, his eyes closed contentedly.
“You’re pretty
I just…”
Sam thinks he made himself very clear when he told Dean and Cas not to be late for dinner. Actually, he
Dean knows that Cas doesn’t
“No, wait!”
Dean slowly lifts his head.
Dean accepts the beer bottle and takes a long drink from it.
The older Winchester suddenly gets a strange expression on his face.
“It’s alright, I’ve got it,” Sam says. “Why don’t you go do something in the meantime. I won’t be making dinner till later.”
he said it isn’t the problem.
It’s Sam’s turn to frown, and Dean chuckles lightly to himself, taking a sip of his coffee. A few moments later, Cas enters the room. It’s subtle, but Dean knows his efforts have already paid off. One of Cas’s eyebrows raises ever so slightly, the corners of his lips quirking up into a small smile. He doesn’t bother to announce his presence, he merely walks over to the table, sidling up to Dean. Cas’s arms wrap loosely around his neck and shoulders as he drapes himself over Dean. He presses a kiss to Dean’s temple, then rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder. Cas nuzzles under his ear and Dean can tell he’s picked up on the cologne.
He slowly peels himself away from Cas, then puts on the shirt from his closet. The two of them make their way out to the main part of the bunker, looking for Jack and Sam to let them know that they’re leaving. When they find them, Dean is anything but happy. Jack is contentedly watching
“That’s...interesting,” Sam offers.
“He’s mad at me,” Dean murmurs.
Frankly, Sam’s just a little glad that what he’s hearing is Dean yelling in
I was scared because I didn’t know what to do. I was scared because—”
“No. Thank you, Dean,” he replies.
“We’ll be gone for almost a week.”
“You said this morning that you’d never kissed a man before...Before
He has no clue why Cas would do such a thing, and frankly, the only reasons Dean can think of conjure up a series of thoughts he
“No,” Cas reiterates, as if this settles things.
Before he can say anything else, Dean bids him goodnight and heads off towards his own room to get some sleep. Cas, however, spends the rest of the night contemplating the idea of a mattress topper.
The older Winchester knows this is his cue.
was so much
Dean nods, and Cas gives him the bottle, then retrieves the glass of water, handing it to Dean after the hunter succeeds in shaking two aspirin tabs out of the bottle. Dean takes the pills and drinks about half the glass of water, then hands everything back to Cas so he can put it on the nightstand.
“It’s just...
“With your tie?”
“Dammit, Cas,” he grins, his voice cracking with laughter of his own. “I have things I need to do.”
wants is to be able to put his arm around Dean, or hold him against his chest while they watch tv.
“Goodnight, Sam.”
“Dean—”
Cas grabs at the material of Dean’s flannel overshirt.
“I know,” Sam replies in a low voice. “I heard.”
“I know.”
Dean shoots his brother a look from across the table.
“You wanna come?”
“I...I don’t know,” he admits. “I’ve never heard of such a thing between an angel and a human.”
Dean is shocked. Even so, he quickly realizes that perhaps this is a good thing. Perhaps this means Cas is finally seeing the bunker as a home. And while Dean would never admit it out loud, that’s something he’s wanted since they took it over and moved in. A smile plays at the corner of his lips.
Cas furrows his brow.
at that. Cas chuckles lightly, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
“Well, that could have gone worse,” Sam says, finally breaking the silence that had been hanging over them.
“Confused?” he murmurs.
“What did you tell him?”
More than once, Dean has forgotten to turn a light on at night, and tripped while trying to find his way to the bathroom, subsequently startling Cas awake. To avoid broken bones or accidental angel blade stabbings, they agreed to put in a small nightlight. Dean gently pushes a lock of Cas’s hair back from his forehead, and kisses his temple. Smiling, he peppers Cas’s cheeks with kisses, and when Cas’s lips mumble something, he plants a kiss there too. Dean loves kissing Cas awake, and if the sleepy hums he makes are any indication, Cas loves it too.
“Yeah...you’re right,” he concedes.
“I’ll go now,” Cas says awkwardly. “I’m sorry I bothered you, Dean.”
if you agree to stay with me.”
“You’re...you’re
“Just like you suggested!” Dean adds, pointing at Sam enthusiastically.
weird noise coming from this kitchen, ever—and I mean
The idea that things might get a little
have each other like this.
But frankly, it’s not the jab Dean was expecting, even if it was a jab he deserved. Sam may have started things by teasing him, but Dean fired the first shot by making fun of his brother’s hair. It was only natural that Sam would fire back.
“A little sore, but not bad,” Dean replies.
Cas gives him a smile and exits the kitchen. Dean is about to follow suit when Sam gets his attention.
portions of that description include phrases like,
“What about them?”
Cas nods. While he’s not sure if Sam is exaggerating or not, he has no desire to find out for certain.
He sighs.
Thank you again for reading. You're awesome. :)
The angel glances at him.
“Sure.”
The bar itself is the same, but everything around them has changed. All the people are gone, including the bartender, and the lights have been dimmed. Around the perimeter of the room, and along the side of the bar top, strands of yellowish-white lights have been hung, their gentle glow lighting the room. There’s now a single, large pool table in the back, with a table and two chairs placed conveniently next to it. The pool table is set with two pool cues, the balls already racked and waiting for them. It all looks brand new, like they’re going to be the first ones to use it. The small table off to the side is set with a pitcher of beer, two glasses, and a small bowl of peanuts. Cas turns his attention to Dean, a smile tugging at his lips.
he begs.
Cas goes silent. For a moment, Sam thinks he’s crossed a line, that maybe he’s upset the angel. He steals a glance over at Cas, who’s sitting in the passenger’s seat, and finds that he's not upset at all. In fact, he has that look on his face, the one he gets when he’s busy thinking about something of grave importance: his head cocked to the side and eyes narrowed like he’s solving a puzzle. Slowly, Cas’s lips tug into a small smile.
Dean murmurs into his ear.
“How high?”
“That’s a good idea...You could bake a cake—or a pie! Ooh! That’s it, bake a pie, all of it from scratch.”
“Just stuff,” Dean quickly responds.
too much information for his taste, but he knows Dean needs to vent. An idea pops into his head.
Dean huffs, obviously unsatisfied with this answer. After a moment, though, he yawns and nestles his head against his pillow. Cas thinks this is the end of the conversation, and allows himself to drift into sleep. He’s pulled from it when Dean speaks again.
to make me a part of it.”
Dean moans softly as Cas’s tongue dips into his mouth. He vaguely realizes that he didn’t brush his teeth last night, but Cas doesn’t seem to care. The angel quickly sets about exploring Dean’s mouth while Dean tips his head to one side, deepening their kiss.
“I figured that means no man has ever made love to you, either,” Cas says matter-of-factly.
“Please...
Cas adds a third finger and Dean keens, tipping his head back. Thankfully, the noise isn’t a pained one, although it is rather
“What’s gotten
Dean snorts.
“Yes, it
need a shower,” he mutters.
Sam is reading in the library when a loud
...I feel like such an
the idea has been like pulling teeth.
He’s about to remind Dean that they already know each other’s names, and ask him why he’s behaving so strangely when Dean cuts him off.
“Dean...what’s
Cas chuckles softly.
Sam sighs.
Cas’s finger moves, pressing in a little deeper, and Dean makes a soft noise at that. He squeezes Cas’s hand as the angel’s finger slowly starts to move in and out. Dean nearly relaxes into the sensation when Cas suddenly hooks his finger, searching for the spot that will drive Dean
“Cas…”
“Like what?”
doesn’t like. He decides to distract himself by translating another passage, and quickly finds the second interesting thing in Cas’s journal.
