“Exactly!  You totally c-blocked me, man.  I could be getting laid right now.”
“Yeah, but wow.  That guy was cute.  At least Castiel got the chance to hang with him for a while.”
Dean found himself glancing at her repeatedly as she stared at him, suspicion stamped on her face.
Dean chuckled, a smile pulling at his lips.  “Oh, you know.  She was a major pain in the ass.”  He laughed again, gazing into the past while Castiel waited patiently.  “She was just so pig headed.  You tell her to do something one way, and she’d make a point of doing it completely the opposite.  If she got an idea in her head, nothing could change her mind.  She was this fierce, tiny, blond ball of… pure stubbornness.”  Dean’s smile faded from his face.  “But she could also be so vulnerable.  All I wanted to do was protect her.  And in the end, I couldn’t even do that.”
Castiel looked around the office then back to the black suited man, “Is it everything you thought it would be?”
Dean cast a startled glance at her.
Dean considered telling him exactly what was wrong: tell him that he would like nothing more than to make slow, passionate love to him, to taste his sweat on his tongue, to explore every inch of his body with his fingers, his mouth… to join their bodies in pure bliss and to watch him come apart under him.  He could feel his heart racing in his chest at the thought of finally being one with the blue-eyed man.  But he didn’t want to push Castiel, didn’t want him to think that sex was all he wanted.  He reminded himself again that for Cas, he could wait.
“Uh, right.  Do you think I could have just a few more minutes?  I need to say goodbye.”
“Cas… Castiel.  Why are you upset?  We’re getting somewhere.”
“Cool,” he said to no one in particular as he quietly went back to work.
Dean turned and startled as he realized the idiot was standing in the same spot as Castiel, their images superimposed resulting in a strange double vision.  “Uh… Do you feel a cold spot right now?”
“What’s all this?” asked Castiel, his gravelly tones light with mirth.
Castiel looked at where they were.  Somehow, they had gotten back to the apartment building and Dean was standing on the driver’s side of a sleek black car.  He pulled the door open and disappeared inside as he took a seat behind the wheel.  Castiel looked at the clean, late 60’s lines of American muscle and automatically wondered how much mileage he got out of it.  Then the car abruptly pulled away from the curb, making its way down the steep hill to the corner, and turned onto the next street.
Dean didn’t take his eyes off Castiel . “Yes.”  His breath hitched in his chest as he felt every second being wasted with this argument.  Why couldn’t they understand that every moment spent talking about this brought them closer to being too late to save him?
“Awesome!” Dean whispered, keeping his voice low.  “If you ate here a lot, maybe the waiters remember you.  This is great.”
The longer the silence stretched between them, the more exposed Dean felt.  He had told Castiel the truth of what had been building inside of him.  He was vulnerable, sitting a foot from him.  He wanted to take his hand, or pull him into his arms, or press his lips to his, but Castiel’s silence filled him with doubt.  The longer it went the more pathetic he felt.
“I think you need to get out.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean cried out feeling like his heart would jump out of his chest.  He grabbed his nearby towel and wrapped it around his hips to cover himself up from Castiel’s discomfiting presence.  “Ever heard of personal space? Come on!”
nickname be any different? He turned to watch his retreating back and something clicked in his mind.
“You need my help for what exactly?”
Dean’s smile slid off his face and he straightened up.  He held his hands out to the side.  “That’s not…” He didn’t finish his sentence as he looked at Castiel with his calculating look.  Castiel felt like he was under a microscope as the man judged him.  He wanted to be angry at him but something from deep within him snuffed out the anger and made him feel like he wanted to crawl into the deepest crevasse and disappear, something that went far beyond memory and experience, something that had marked him down to his soul.  He had allowed himself to like Dean, despite his slobbish tendencies, there was something about the man that called to him and made him yearn for his company.  And he was laughing at him.
Feeling judged and inadequate, Castiel got angry and he leveled his stare on Dean, “Not mine,” he said pointedly.  With a barely noticeable twitch of his eyebrows, Dean gave him a quick once over like he was seeing him for the first time.  Then, he looked away, going back to his rifling through another drawer.  “It’s in the far drawer.  Top.”
“I’ve changed my mind!  Gabriel please.”
“Maybe from your dreams,” he answered, the ache in his voice almost tangible like the lingering feel of a kiss.
“Now you’re asking the right question.”
Dean winced in the sunlight as they stepped back out onto the street.  He rubbed at the pain that had settled into a point between his eyes.  He could use a drink.
It was barely a blink, no more than a moment and a single thought: he hoped Dean was alright.  Disoriented Castiel found himself in a crowded room with noise and people crammed into every available space, breathing every molecule of oxygen and leaving none for him.  People stood and walked right through him on their way to the door and it felt like it had felt when he had moved around the room with those gadget holding experts: nothing.  Though he had set off their equipment, they had been no more than specters, wisps of air coloured in people and clothes and that’s how these strangers now surrounding him and moving through him felt.  They were on different planes of reality, he could see them, but he remained unseen, untouched and alone.
Dean pushed the door open and pulled the gurney up to line it up with the bed on which Castiel’s body lay.
“Yeah, gabardine, slate coloured, straight leg.”
“What’s left? Dreams and an overinflated sense of self-importance?”
He figured that was worth another lick and this time, he got a jerk of Cas’ hips.  “You like that?”  Castiel moaned long and low.  “How ‘bout this?” Dean asked softly just before wrapping his lips around Cas’s head and giving it a quick suck.  “Oh, God!”
“Okay,” Dean paused, looking away slightly. Castiel turned back to look at the busy staff.  “So, where do we start?”
Dean stood off to the side of the bow window seat area, his back to the apartment, as he looked down on the mop of long brown hair bending over the coffee table, setting up an array of oddities: pendulums and crystals in bowls, decks of cards and, of all things, a Ouija board.
“Tell her it’s a tension pneumothorax,” Castiel said, “You need a sharp paring knife and bottle of vodka.”
“You’re welcome,” answered Dean as he closed the door, Castiel settled on the passenger side of the full front seat.  He watched him walk around the front of the car, that easy smile back on his face, and then he was opening the driver’s door with another squeal and sat down.
“Everything I know, all the evidence I’ve seen right here, in this hospital, tells me they do.”
Since moving in, Dean hadn’t spent much time in the common space of the building, and so as he stepped out of his apartment on the top floor, the smells that wafted up the staircase were mostly alien, and unwelcome.  He lost no time locking up and heading out into the cool morning air, shrugging on his green coat over his simple grey flannel shirt, which he always preferred to leave unbuttoned, exposing the black t-shirt he usually wore beneath.  He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his cell phone.  He had woken that morning with a driving sense of purpose.  He was going to find out what was going on with the walking trench coat situation.  Opening his call log he tapped a number near the top as he started walking down the busy residential street.
His head throbbed and swelled, the beeping of the monitor beside him drilling into his ear drum.  Couldn’t they put it on silent?
Then Charlie grabbed him by the chin and forced him to look at her again.  “Dean Winchester, swear to God, if you don’t start talking, I’m leaving.”
“You have a UTI progressing into…”
“You might be resigned to watching the sunrise and experiencing things for the last time, but what I felt last night?  I’m not giving that up without a goddamn fight.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean cleared his throat, “I mean, the guy is a true athlete, right?  Played at the top of this game for like a million years… and national best seller… must know something about something.”
His fear was disarming, he was like a baby in a trench coat. Dean reined himself in a bit.  He reached out to put a comforting hand on his shoulder, but it fell right through the man, like he was nothing more than a trick of light and air.
man calling him
He pursed his lips and frowned.  “A five, I think.  What do you think that address is?”
“I want to, Dean.  I want…  you.  I…” Castiel’s hands smoothed down Dean’s torso and pulled up the edge of his shirt.  Dean grabbed it with crossed arms and quickly pulled the cotton from his body, breaking the kiss only long enough to clear his head from the collar, before pressing against Castiel’s waiting lips once more.
“Are you feeling alright, Dean?”
Dean dropped back to the pillow with a sigh of relief, his chest heaving.  Castiel smiled at him and then stared out the window again to see the sky finally turn bright blue as the sun rose beyond the frame of the window.  “I’ve never just watched the sunrise before.”
“I really don’t know what you’re trying to prove… but whatever you said to him…,” Sam spoke to the room, drawing Castiel’s attention to him as he flipped the card in his hand so it would be visible to someone standing nearby; visible to him.  The card had a skull printed on it and Castiel frowned.  “If I were you, I’d show a little more respect for the dead.”
“Hey,” Dean said gently, drawing him back to him.  He was glancing back at the door.  “I’m gonna have to go.”
“Um,” he frowned and looked up at the break room clock over the coffee machine, “twenty-three?”
“Angry.”
“Oh my God.  It’s you.” Dean’s voice no longer sounded distant and faded and Castiel turned his head to see him stepping further into the room to stand beside him.  “You’re not dead!”
“Oh yeah, the guy was amazing.  Bought it in a car crash last year, though.  Kind of made his book sales skyrocket.  At least for a while.”
“Drugged out twat wrinkled my Armani suit,” he heard Crowley mumble as he moved away to return to work.
“No.  That’s okay.  Go home, Dean.  I’m going to stay here.”  Castiel nodded towards his body as he moved closer to the bedside again.
“He’ll just move the pointer himself if you wait long enough.”
“You do?” Dean asked, surprise and excitement in his voice and body language.
The scattering of pinprick lights along the streets lay spread out all around like a picnic blanket made of stardust spread out from the shore to the wooded hills rolling upwards into the blacked-out heavens.  In the distance, the Golden Gate Bridge stretched from shore to shore like a string of miniature suns.  Shooting stars made their way up and down the various streets as they traveled one path or another and disappeared in the distance.  Beyond the edge of the city shoreline and the many piers, it was pure darkness, as though nothing lay beyond, no spark of life, just a gaping hole the city was forever on the edge of falling into.
“As in he’s there and then I turn around and poof. Gone.”
“I keep thinking,” Castiel whispered, his voice loud like thunder and shaking through him, “That if you could ever really touch me… I might wake up from all of this.”
Together, Castiel and Dean left the restaurant their new destination clear.  Castiel could feel that they were finally moving towards some answers.
Castiel settled back down trying to feel… anything.  He could no more feel his body than he could feel the people and things he moved through without a shock or tickle of connection.  He remembered the feel of moving Dean’s body before when he had pulled him out of that bar and he tried to force that feeling into his own hands raising first one arm and then the other, but his hands stayed obstinately inert, laying at his sides.
“Cas, not for nothing,” Dean started, pulling Castiel back to the here and now, “but the last person who looked at me like that… I got laid.”
“Yeah,” he answered abruptly.
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, their eyes locked, and Dean thought he could die right then and be alright.
“My hand… tingled.”  Castiel shook his head and rolled his eyes, letting his hand fall back to his side.  “I sound like a nine-year-old girl.”
Castiel gave her a quick smile. “Of course.  Thank you.  It’s just been a long time I suppose.”
“I can’t.  We’ve already lost so much time.  Gotta get there like now.”
“How did you know that?”
“Who, exactly, is ‘we’ in this scenario?”
“So, you don’t know about the accident.”
“Knock it off!” Dean said in an angry whisper as he raised the glass to his lips again.
“Help?  He didn’t tell us anything we didn’t already know.”
Dean stuck out his hand, and the man shook it, losing the surprise and replacing it with sly suspicion.  Dean renewed his outward self-confidence.
“Dean! C’mon, Dean.  No, the chances that a place like this is still available?  In this city?  You’re dreaming in technicolour!  You betcha it’s gone by now.  Dean!”
“Useful,” Dean said with a nod, “I guess that makes you attractive, right Cas?”
The crystal on the pendulum swung side-to-side and Sam’s eyes were drawn to it again thoughtfully.  “Let’s try something else then.”
Gabriel leaned towards him, glancing back and forth between him and the stranger.  “You don’t remember him at all?”
Castiel watched Dean as he scanned the pieces of Castiel’s life and settled on picking up a four by six photograph in a wooden frame.  Castiel chuckled as he looked at it too.  He was pulling a funny face in that one, but it always made him smile.
“Oh,” was all he said.
Dean raised his hands to his shoulders, “Hey, I don’t know you—”
“Oh!” Gabriel answered with a smile, shaking Crowley’s hand.  “That’s funny, my wife is a MacLeod.”
“Hallucination?”
Castiel rolled his eyes.  “Eyes up, Dean.  Focus.”
“Yes, Dr. Shurley?”
Dean was quiet and pensive as he looked down at Castiel’s comatose body.  “Okay.  Maybe they don’t.  But miracles happen.  And maybe… just maybe, we have all the ingredients for a miracle right here.”
“What?  Oh yeah, exactly.” Dean glanced at her sideways.  “Hold on,” he added, almost as an afterthought as he tore around another corner, throwing Charlie against the door again.
What had started off as a light laugh quickly turned into gasping laughter as Dean tried to catch his breath.  “Wow,” he finally managed to say as the last of the spasms shook through him.  He pressed a hand to his side as he made it down the stairs and back to the sidewalk beside the car.
Dean could feel his insides trembling with the emotions, fresh and wild, as they tore through him and he let out a shaky breath.  The die had been well and truly cast now.  His heart felt like it would swell and thump right out of his chest, and he was very glad that Castiel couldn’t feel how sweaty his palms suddenly were.  He was having a hard time controlling all the emotions rushing through him in that moment; happiness, desire and love at the forefront, but not enough to quell the sadness and grief that he knew were sure to follow in the aftermath of what would happen the following day.  He had given himself, heart and soul, to a dead man walking and he hoped his heart would mend again after watching someone else he cared deeply about disappear into non-existence.  The pain rivaled the happiness and Dean stood up from the couch, holding his hand out to Castiel.  “You got it,” was all he said as Castiel followed him out into the hall and then into the bedroom.
Gabriel looked up, a rare look of anger on his face as he leveled a glare on Crowley that should have had the doctor trembling in his expensive suit.  “I said, I’ll think about it, bucko.”
Dean looked up and around, realizing that Donna was still talking to him, but he hadn’t registered a single word.  Not that it mattered; she seemed more than happy to keep jabbering on.  When he turned away from her completely though, searching out the address from the flyer, she started asking questions.  “Whatcha got there, Dean?”
He moaned again, but this time he was ready for Castiel’s bucking hips, and he pulled back just enough to accommodate it.  He increased his speed again, both hand and mouth and soon Castiel was writhing on the bed, clutching at the sheets with tight fists.  Dean could feel that he was close to reaching his climax, and yet, it felt like Castiel was holding back.  He moved his free hand to fondle Castiel’s balls and pulled his mouth away just long enough to say, “Let it happen, baby.”
“No, Cas, I’m not leaving you.”
“What was all that noise?” she asked him, glancing at the door in confusion.
He straightened up suddenly as he heard the scraping of the key in the lock behind him.  He turned in time to see Castiel pushing the door open and walk in, home from a long shift at the hospital.
Dean glanced over at Castiel, sitting so quietly on the passenger’s side of the front bench seat.  He liked the sight of the man looking serenely out at the passing scenery, a smile just barely tugging at his lips.  He pulled off the main highway and soon they were driving down a private road lined with thick trees on either side.  The treeline seemed to disappear suddenly as the road opened into a carefully manicured courtyard style driveway with a fountain crowded by red bougainvillea at its centre.  The two-floor red brick mansion with pitched roofs that stood at the end of the driveway was imposing with wings that shot off the main house at different angles and tall two-floor windows overlooking the courtyard.
Golden Gate Park was home to many gardens.  Cultured roses and tailored shrubs and all the glory of the botanical gardens often played host to various events throughout the year.  Music from concerts in the park often drifted over into the peaceful gardens, and swarms of tourists would fill the spaces between the flowers and along the paths throughout the year whenever festivals came to town, which was always.  There was never a dull moment in a city that loved its festivals.
“Castiel is here,” Gabriel finally said.
“No.  I never ate here.”  Castiel’s frown deepened as he tried to draw out more from the fleeting impressions.  He looked around again, trying to understand.  When his eyes landed on Dean again, he was looking annoyed and frustrated.  “I wanted to…” he added slowly keeping his eyes on him, noticing that same yearning he was feeling for the restaurant twist at him when he did.  “But, I just never did.”
Dean’s strategy was to start at the bottom and make their way back to the top.  The superintendent wasn’t home when Dean knocked on his door, so they moved on to the next ground floor apartment.  A tall man, though not as tall as the man with the cards, answered.  He had a trim russet beard and deep-set, steel blue eyes.  When he spoke, he had a quiet, almost soothing voice with a smooth Cajun accent.  “What can I do for ya?” he asked, leaning his wide frame against the door jab.
Dean was about to make a snarky response when one of the four weirdos walked up to him while the rest dispersed all over the apartment with gadgets that blinked little lights and emitted strange whirring sounds in some strange language only they could understand.  The one holding the camera had followed who looked to be the leader and was now aiming his lens right at Dean.
Confusion swarmed Dean’s beer fuzzed mind and all he could find to say was, “What?” as the man stepped towards him again.  He backed away instinctively, trying to read the situation and find an explanation for what was happening as the lights flickered again.
Dean let out a very undignified yelp as he jumped a foot in the air while turning on the spot to face where Castiel’s voice had come from.
“No. Not as far as I know. I mean we did rent it out, but it was only for a month.”
“This is ridiculous,” Castiel said, walking away and making a point of passing through every single device-holding paranormal investigator, making their equipment go haywire and causing an excited commotion of colliding bodies and exclaimed, “Oh my god!”s and “Did you see that?”  The babble and rush of excited energy that ensued was giving Dean a headache as he watched the whole thing in quiet contemplation of how strange his life had become since moving into the damned apartment.
Dean didn’t answer.
“Hey man!” Dean yelled at the barman, effectively stopping Castiel from finishing his suggestion, “Make it a double this time!”
“This spirit is not gonna let up.”  Sam tapped the new card. “That’s the sigil for determination.  He’s not going to change his mind.”
Surprised into honesty, Dean answered, “Yeah.”
Castiel stood, frozen in his confusion and just frowned at him.  “How do I know you?”
When Dean looked up, savouring the taste of him on his tongue, it was to find that his startling blue eyes were looking right at him, wide and sparkling like an excited anime character.  Dean smiled at him, feeling his heart swelling in his chest as they looked at each other, pondering the hidden thoughts behind the other’s eyes.  Castiel sat up and put his hand on Dean’s face, and he leaned into the tender touch like there was nothing he’d ever wanted more.  If this was it for the night, Dean was fine with it, happy to bask in Castiel’s tenderness.  Then, Castiel leaned forward and kissed him, working his mouth open with his demanding lips and slipping his tongue inside, surprising Dean with his undiminished ardour.  Dean wrapped his arms around his shoulders, losing one hand up in the short black hair as he returned Castiel’s fervour twofold.
None of what he said made any sense, and the more the man looked at him, the more uncomfortable he got.  There was something about the way he looked at him, something intimate and desperate.  The man’s hand left the guardrail and reached forward like he was going to take his hand and Castiel was overwhelmed by the certainty that if this man touched him, something terrible would happen.  He shifted his arm away and turned to look at Gabriel again.
Castiel looked up, he hadn’t realized how close he had leaned in towards Dean as he looked at the scribbled numbers.  Remembering how he felt about having his private space invaded, Castiel quickly straightened up and took a step back, swallowing non-existent spit.  Why was he being so awkward?  He glanced up as Dean walked past him and he noticed that the beer had been left, forgotten and untouched, except a sip or two, on the counter.
“Goddamn!” exclaimed Dean as he turned around to head up the stairs.
“Absolutely no preliminaries…  She doesn’t even know you and she’s ready to jump you.”
Castiel extended his right hand into the space between them and Dean looked down at it confused: it’s not like they could shake on it.  Dean smiled though, thinking about what it would feel like to touch him, to feel the warmth of his skin, to wrap his fingers around something solid.  With a wistful smile, Dean raised his hand to meet Castiel’s, but instead of clasping the empty air, he lined up their palms, so he wouldn’t have to feel the disappointing reminder of the other man’s lack of physical presence.
“Alright, Crowley.  Scrub in.”
Dean walked around Castiel and pulled off the towel, finally able to dry off the remaining water droplets.  Despite his affected casualness, he was feeling awkward and self-conscious, and he quickly slipped on a pair of black boxer-briefs to hide himself from view.
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief.  Gabriel always had looked out for him and he had never felt so grateful.  He watched his brother get onto the elevator with his girls.  Crowley stepped away, slinking back to his office, no doubt, and Castiel turned around surrounded by the busy staff, visitors and patients all moving through the hallways, a background of chatter permeating the air.  Castiel looked left and right, as stare after stare looked right through him.
“Yeah?” Dean reached into the refrigerator for a bottle of beer.  “So, tell me.  What was she like?” he asked him as he opened one of the drawers and rummaged around in it.
“Psychic, this one,” said the ghost with a roll of his eyes.
“Um… when we were kids, he was always getting in trouble.  He loved to prank assholes, he used to refer to it as “just desserts”.”
As far as he could tell, Dean Winchester was all alone once more.
“Oh! Garth.”
A single tear ran down Dean’s face as he looked up at the sky and Castiel watched helplessly as it disappeared under his jaw and tore through his own heart.  Dean wiped away the moisture on his face and glanced at Castiel shyly.
Castiel hurried through the parking lot glancing at his watch, it was 8:30.  Gabriel was going to be so angry with him.  A distant rumble of thunder made him look up at the uncertain evening sky and walk a little faster towards the parked beige Lincoln Continental.  His car often made him the target of his coworkers’ ribbing because it was old and a little beat up, but he had a fondness for the bulky, late seventies car and he just couldn’t see himself parting with it.
“Thanks, store that away with crap I didn’t need to know.”
“The machines don’t agree.”
Jody’s smile turned apologetic, “I know, I’m sorry, Dean.  What I meant was that… Castiel’s whole life was this hospital—”
Dean’s mind slingshot back to his wedding day, watching Jo come down the aisle towards him with her white mini-dress and crown of lily-of-the-valley in her blonde hair.  “No,” he said pensively, licking the last of the cherry filling off his fork, “Not at the moment.”
Castiel watched the drama unfold with a note of familiarity and confused recollection.  The more he watched the staff struggle to help their fallen friend and colleague, the more his hands itched to intervene.  As the patrons of the restaurant closed in around the scene in helpless fascination, the woman on the ground cried out desperately: “We need a doctor!”
“There’s a spare under the extinguisher,” Castiel said, gesturing towards the medium sized fire extinguisher set on a shelf built into the wall.
A cell phone rang.
And suddenly, Cas’s hands were on his belt buckle, tugging at the supple leather to unhook it.  Dean’s eyes fluttered open again to see the look of quiet concentration on the other man’s face, a shadow of hesitation making him frown.  God, Dean wanted him so badly, but not enough to force him to do something he wasn’t ready for.  He let him go, and pulled his hands away from his now untied belt, taking deep steadying breaths.  He drew Cas’ hands to his mouth and kissed his fingers tenderly.
He straightened up with the beer in his hand and he looked at it with detachment.  Just a few days ago, Dean would have told himself that he needed that beer, because he needed that numbing, but now… did he even want it?
“Level with me here: did your imaginary friend come out to play?”
The morning fog rolled around him in sweet delicate tendrils, the heavy air thick with the smell of a thousand flowers, the sunlight trapped in the maze of suspended droplets and refracted until all that was left was a pinkish hue that wrapped itself around every surface.  Time stood still as the air slowly cleared inch by inch to reveal a flower trimmed garden path: soft lines of petals and leaves swirled together with the stone in a delicate balance between natural chaos and rigid perfection.  Castiel soaked in the warmth from the filtered sunlight as it slowly dissipated the fog, the rolling mist curling around his feet, draining away everything from his mind, body and soul until all that was left was deep peace and a sense of well-being, far from the hectic pace, far from worries and duties.  Here, he felt only the joy of being surrounded by such beauty and soothing ca-
“You always say that, witchy woman.”
Eyes alight with renewed excitement and enthusiasm, Dean turned on his heels and headed back up the road to where the sleek black car was waiting for its passengers, both the one with a body and the one without.  Castiel barely had time to wonder where they were going before Dean pulled up in front of the Abandoned Planet Bookstore.
“He starred in a couple pornos when he was in college.”
The bartender put the drink down in front of Dean and walked away with the empty glass.  Dean turned it slowly, watching the light shine through the amber liquid.  Castiel was getting irritated with his attitude.  He could feel his earlier frustration trying to deal with Dean’s attempts to expel him from his own home rising in him again.  “If it’s a hangover you want, I can start that for you right now.”
Dean yawned and rubbed at his TV dried eyes.  He looked up from his slouched position on the couch to see the dark skies out the window.  He glanced at his phone on the table buried under cartons of takeout and saw it was going on 1 a.m.  With a groan he unglued himself from the couch and shuffled his way to the bedroom at the other end of the hallway, detouring by the washroom to evacuate his ration of beer.  With another groan he crawled onto the bed, burying himself in the soft pillows.  He could feel himself succumbing to the blissful nothingness of drunken slumber, the city lights illuminating the bed that had been placed inside the bow windows.  It was like being surround by the night sky and cityscape as he fell asleep.
Another pause, and this time Dean dared to check his watch like he was the one whose time was being wasted.
“Those are wards.  These cards can be very powerful.  I keep them in the box to avoid… issues.”
Castiel had walked over to the table and sat himself down on the last remaining chair, watching his nieces lovingly as they chattered away in an incomprehensible babble.  Dean stole quick glances at him, unable to ignore the sadness in his face as he did.  He was not going to give up that easily.
“I’m not letting that happen, okay?  So, you gotta help me out here.  There’s gotta be a spell, or a chant or a ritual… something, that’s going to let him genie his way back into his body.”
Castiel’s chest heaved under all his layers of clothing and the lights suddenly flared brightly in the supply room.  They grew ever-brighter, and Dean smiled as the nearest bulb exploded, and Charlie yelped in surprise ducking down protecting her head with her arms.  “What the H?!”
Castiel frowned and looked around the restaurant.  That feeling of familiarity had completely disappeared, though it had been replaced by an odd yearning.  “I love this restaurant.”
“No! no no…  I think we showed him.”
A strange numbness came over him as he neared the break room where he had spent his few spare minutes here and there to recharge or converse depending on who else was present.  He moved through the wall, no more feeling the plaster and concrete than he would the air on a still day.  Meg was sitting, slumped in the same orange plastic chair he often had found himself dozing in.  In her lap, was a limp salad from the hospital cafeteria, forgotten as she looked off to the side, lost in dark thought.  He could remember the different exchanges they had had over the years, all of which had bordered on the obscene.  She had once called him a unicorn, seeing her now though, he realized how lonely she must have been, all that thorny pain she kept hidden under all her sass.
“Oh, and you’re not coming with me anymore,” Dean suddenly declared, walking through to the next room and straight into the kitchen.
“Sleep, Dean.  Are you getting any sleep?”
Lisa walked up to him with papers and he squeezed the phone between his shoulder and cheek while he signed off on a request for x-rays.
“Dean?” said Lydia from the end of the hall behind him.  Castiel’s eyes shifted away from Dean again to the woman behind him and Dean squeezed his eyes shut.  This was turning into a nightmare.
Til next time Facers!
“What? How?”
“I guess.  Is that bad?”
Gabriel came back into the room and Castiel turned to watch him.  Dean glanced at the drawing in his hand and he quickly folded it in four and stuck it in the back pocket of his jeans.  When he looked around so he could talk with Gabriel, it was to find that the other man had pulled a long knife from the butcher block and came right at him, slashing the air.
“Dean!  Please tell me we’re not in here stealing narcotics!” said Charlie.
When the volume of the television could go no higher and finally Dean could almost not hear the thousand and one inane facts, he thought he had won.  Then Castiel stood up from his armchair beside the television and sat directly in front of him on the edge of the wooden chest that was still overflowing with trash.  He leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees, his intensely blue eyes focused and unwavering, holding Dean’s stare prisoner.  He felt like he was being invaded by those eyes, they were all he could see.  He could barely breathe.
In a cluttered and dusty bookshop, as all such places always seem to get no matter the care put into keeping them clean and tidy, surrounded by books on all sorts of creepy crawlies and four-legged beasties and holding more knowledge on such things than any other repository for the supernatural in the whole of the United States, Sam stood still, his eyes closed, as a chubby, ageless, naked man held a hand to his forehead.  He watched, a dream planted directly into his mind, as the twin flames of the soulmates, Dean and Castiel, embraced.
“I don’t know!  You’re the doctor.”
Dean hit the red end button on the call, and immediately opened his browser.  A quick search showed him the perfect place for him to get more information.  He set off at a trot to go grab the next MUNI heading out towards the Mission District. A quick transfer at 4
“Tell her you’re my boyfriend,” Castiel instructed him.  When Dean didn’t say anything Castiel turned to look at him as he fidgeted.  Annoyed and hurt, Castiel forgot to be kind, “Suck it up, Dean.  It’s just to get information.  She can’t tell you anything if we’re not intimate.  You don’t have to be so homophobic about it.”
Dean managed to dodge the subsequent attempts and they both stopped as they heard a woman saying Dean’s name.  Castiel turned to look at the newcomer.  She was young and pretty, with long locks of vivid red hair and concerned brown eyes.  She put her hand on Dean’s shoulder and he visibly flinched at the touch.
Dean sighed, wanting nothing more than to sink into Castiel’s tight embrace and drift off in his post sex glow.  He felt sluggish and sated and never wanted to move from that spot on Castiel’s shoulder, but first he had to clean up the sticky mess he had made on Castiel.  He shifted over from between Castiel’s legs so he could stretch himself on his side and grabbed the necessary tissues to wipe up his come before settling himself back into his arms.
“Apologies, I didn’t mean to startle you.”
Castiel glared at Dean.  Sam’s eyes flicked up towards him also, before going back to the board.
Patch up a gash from a bicycle incident.  Ten stitches.
“You know… like dying!” Dean barked at him forcing him back another step.
Sam turned slowly, unsurprised to find the chubby man standing naked in his shop with tears streaming down his face. “Are you giving up on them?  After all that?”
“Put that down,” Castiel ordered him.
Castiel closed his eyes and shook his head.  It was all going so terribly wrong.
Castiel had turned quiet and his frown had been in place since they had crossed the Golden Gate Bridge back into San Francisco.  They didn’t need to talk, the plan had been set, the details would be ironed out in the moment, and Dean wasn’t one to put up with useless chatter, but he was worried about him.  He wished he knew the magic words to make everything alright again, so he could see Castiel’s wonder and joy from the garden, but what could someone possibly say to the spirit of a man in a coma who just found out his breaths were counted.
“Okay.  If he’s really there, ask him what I’m doing: rock, paper or scissors?”
“Jesus Christ!” Dean exclaimed from next to him as he startled.
“It sure did,” Dean answered with a purse of his lips, “Good work, father—”
Castiel’s eyes widened in sudden panic.  “No!  Gabriel, no! Don’t listen to him.”
“How would you know?  Just go away.  Go haunt that damned apartment now that you finally got me out of it.”
with you.  Maybe even fall asleep feeling you beside me.”
Scratch in his throat. Fire. Mouth dry. Nothing to swallow. Pain.
Dean knocked on the next door, catching his breath, a smile lingering on his face.  Castiel looked away, not wanting to be accused of staring again, and he was overwhelmed once more by that feeling of unfamiliarity; he could not remember anything particular about the building or the people who lived there, just like they couldn’t remember him.  “It’s like I was a ghost before I was dead.”
“Can’t say it rings a bell.  Sorry.”
Dean should have been relieved that there was no answering “Hello, Dean,” from the corner by the door.  Just like he should have been happy that searching through the rooms revealed that Castiel’s spirit had done like he had said he would and stayed behind with his body.
“You always say that Uncle Castiel has a stick up his—”
With a shake of his head, Castiel left Crowley’s office through the door.  He stood in the hallway unsure which way to go, unsure where he wanted to be: surrounded by friends who could not see him, or alone with a body he could do nothing with.
“Are you done?”
Gotta get out of here.
Castiel had a smug, I-told-you-so look. Dean narrowed his eyes at him before turning back to Charlie.  “We don’t have time for this.  They’re getting ready to pull his plug.  In thirty minutes, he’s gonna be gone forever.  I need your help.”
“Nice to see you two are getting along,” he said.  Castiel and Dean looked at each other, their surprise and confusion mirrored in each other’s faces.
The little fairy came tearing back, drawing all eyes to her as she plopped cookies in front of Dean, her sister and herself, then a fourth one right in front of Castiel.  His eyes met Castiel’s for a moment.
“I know he didn’t know you, but did he seem at all familiar?” Dean asked Castiel, as they moved on to the next apartment and waited for the tenant to open the door.
Dean shook his head.
Dean nodded and moved around Castiel’s body, heading for the door.
The anger flooded back in Castiel’s face and he moved forward and grabbed Dean’s shirt in his fist.  Only, his hand went right through him too.  “You missed,” Dean taunted him, crossing his arms over his chest in smug victory.  Castiel drew back his arm and aimed his closed fist right at Dean’s head, but he didn’t even flinch when the fist, that normally would have jerked his head to the right, didn’t even stir the air as it went right through him again.
“The apartment,” he said barely above a whisper so only Castiel could hear.  “The rooftop.  The garden.”
He rolled his eyes and looked away.  “Funny,” he grumbled.
The brunette picked up her clutch and walked away, and Castiel moved to occupy the spot.  Seeing him, Dean turned back towards his drink and picked up the glass, bringing it to his lips.  “Don’t, Dean.  This is not going to help.”
“No, seriously.  It’s refreshing.  I swear, most of the men I’ve dated in this city were just a never-ending parade of cloned fakes.  It’s nice to see someone be so natural.”
“I’ll be there at seven.”
“I swear I’m not lying!  I know you kissed Celeste five minutes before your wedding!” he blurted out in a last ditch yet half-assed effort to get him to believe him.
“Do you need a minute?” she asked him, all big eyes and pouting lips.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
Beside him Dean sighed.  “Can’t you just leave me alone?” he asked, his tone quiet, the anger from before sounding more like tired desperation now.
“Yeah, um… blue eyes?  Black hair?”
The rain hadn’t started yet as Sam glanced out the window of the bookstore at the gathering gloom.  He switched on the lamp on his desk as he flipped through the dusty book in his hands.  Hardly any customers wound their way around the maze of shelves and Sam settled in for a long read.
As the first few drops began to land on the car and the asphalted parking lot, Castiel sat behind the wheel and started the engine.  By the time he was on the road and headed for Gabriel’s house in Noe Valley, it was pouring rain harder than his wipers could handle, but Castiel did not care.  He was floating on cloud nine.  All of his hopes and ambitions were becoming reality.  As long as he could remember, he had wanted to be a doctor, and now, on the very edge of turning thirty, he would have his attending physician title right here in San Francisco, where his roots and his family were.
A build like this boy had, lying prone on his back, his ribs should have been at least partly visible, certainly easy to feel.
“Nothing is more important than saving lives Dean.”  He fixed Dean with his stare, willing him to understand his life’s work.
Dean followed him, curious what got his attention.  On the table, in the spot where the oldest niece had been sitting was a wax crayon drawing.  Castiel was staring down at it.  Dean picked it up to get a closer look.  It was two filled-out stick men, the one on the right had black hair and blue eyes and wore a tan coat, the one on the left had green eyes and brown hair and had the same coloured shirt Dean was wearing.  The two stick figures were holding hands.  Dean’s scalp tingled with equal parts uneasiness and affection.  He glanced up at Castiel who was looking at him intensely again, the lines around his eyes betraying his worry.  Dean smiled at him.  He reached forward and held his hand beside Castiel’s willing his confidence to be transferred to him through the energy that flowed between them.
“Hello?”
“Thank you.  But I just can’t imagine leaving myself… not now that I made it here.”
“Would you SHUT UP!” Dean suddenly yelled, making Castiel stop short.  Across the street, a woman stopped in her tracks and stared at where Dean was.  He gave her an apologetic smile and she started walking again, noticeably faster.  “I don’t need you to get all hysterical on me, got it?  So, the dry cleaner’s was a bust, get over it.  We have another lead, remember?  And I don’t care that right now you’re clinging to whatever you’re clinging to trying to figure out who you are, it is NOT okay to make me look like an insane person!  Now would you get in?  I will not be the crazy guy on the MUNI talking to himself.”
“What I would like, is to spend what… little time I have left… with you.  Just
“How the hell would I know if it’s bloated?”
He wrapped his hand around Castiel’s shaft, and blue eyes closed tightly as he sucked in his breath, pulling in his stomach towards his navel.  Dean smiled at the reaction and slowly started to move his hand up and down, keeping his fingers loose enough to not pull at the sensitive skin.  With an open-mouthed moan and quick short gasps, Castiel sank back onto the pillows.  Dean smiled, enjoying watching Castiel’s genuine reactions to his touch: God it was so hot.  The sounds he made as he increased the speed of his strokes, his rolling stomach as he tried to breathe through the gasps, his eyes alternating between wide open in wonder and squeezed tightly shut.  And to think that Dean was the first one to see him like this.  All of it was almost too much.  “How’s that feel?” Dean asked him.
“I had it,” Crowley growled at him.
The pink flyer flew and swooped once more, free to tumble in the late morning sunlight and it plastered itself to Dean’s leg again. Annoyed, he reached down and yanked it away in the other direction.  “I don’t want to talk about that,” he told Donna gruffly.  He would give anything to lie down on a couch, or a bed and just slip into oblivion for a couple hours.  His thoughts turned to the six-pack of beer cooling in the motel’s mini fridge where he had left it. The more he thought about it, the more he was convinced his search was over for the d-
Castiel looked away, back out at the quiet park and he thought about the apartment and everything he had hoped to do when… but… there was nothing.  He couldn’t remember what colour the walls were, or the feel of his own bed.  It was like the rest of his life: just a blur.  “I don’t know,” he told Dean, “It’s like… when I’m not with you.  It’s like I don’t exist.”  Fear crept into his thoughts and he felt cold as the idea weighed him down.  “Maybe I am dead.”
“Damn straight,” he answered taking another large bite of pie.
Dean looked around at the barely controlled mayhem of the kitchen and dining room: the floor was a minefield of scattered dolls and ponies, forgotten crayons and half-finished drawings.  More drawings and finger paintings covered every inch of available wall space, going far beyond the confines of the traditional refrigerator door, although Dean could see there were plenty on there too.  Sitting in the midst of it all, at a pink, child-sized Fisher Price table with matching chairs were a princess and a fairy having imaginary tea out of a plastic tea pot.
“It’s working!  I think something’s happening!” Dean exclaimed.  Castiel straightened up in the bed and Dean startled back looking at him.  “Whoah! Double vision, man.”
Dean frowned, giving her a once over and guessing her age to be somewhere around his own thirty, maybe a little older depending on what was under the makeup.  Weren’t women her age supposed to want to settle down and start families and all that?  “That’s something you don’t hear every day.”
He was numb, his body turning to rubber as the two security guards pulled him off Castiel and dragged him back, slamming his body to the ground and pinning him there.  His eyes landed on the last of Castiel’s fading outline as he looked down at his body with surprised blue eyes as he held his fingers to his lips.  And then he was gone.
“Just try it!  I mean, it worked on me, right?  And this is your actual body!”
Dean turned his head in time to see the green bouncing fairy wings run away from the table and behind the open pantry door.  He turned back to Gabriel though, his conversation with him what was most important right now.
, he found himself thinking.  There was a split second when he considered letting her down easy and sending her on her way, blue eyes swimming to the forefront of his mind suddenly, but he banished the intruder with disappointed dismissal as he thought about the man calling him a slob.  They had said their goodbyes, what more was left for them?
“Hello, Jody,” Castiel cleared the rust from his voice.
Order an EKG for the swollen ankle.
Castiel could feel his slowly mounting distress at hearing his friends discussing him so openly.  He knew that if they were aware that he’d heard them, they would feel horrible, but how could they know?  He was imperceptible to anyone.  He moved away from them, to avoid hearing any more of their comments on his non-existent love life and all the things he had missed out on in his thirty years of being alive.  Because they were right in the end.  All that time, and what for?  What was left now?
“How does it feel to be taller?” Dean asked him mockingly as he kissed the base of his throat.
“Don’t apologize,” Castiel whispered, looking away, his wide-eyed expression unreadable.
“Well, I don’t know much, the family was pretty tight-lipped about it.  Something about an accident.  I don’t know.  They didn’t say, and I didn’t ask.”
Dean pursed his lips but didn’t say anything.  He gave Jess a smile.  “My name is Dean Winchester.  I’m looking for someone who works here.  A doctor?  Called Castiel?”
“Thank her for me.  She must be a really good friend to agree to do this.  I’m grateful.”
“Why not?” Castiel asked, feeling hurt.
“Shut up,” Dean said with a half smile.  “Then you showed up, and I felt—”
Castiel opened his eyes and saw nothing but the empty room and that feeling of absence gripped him again.  He shook himself of his fanciful thoughts and his eyes landed on a white ring marring his coffee table.  He frowned as he traced it with his finger, thinking that he should know how that got there.  However, all his probing into his memories yielded nothing but a sense of something forgotten.
“Exactly!  Which is why we do not give up.”
Some time later, more time than it should have taken to drive the four miles, Dean pulled up to the inclined curb and pushed on the parking brake, before climbing out of the car.  Castiel was waiting for him as he stood on the sidewalk looking up at the front door of the Victorian house, lost between the houses going up and down Alvarado street with barely a space between them to make them separate entities.  The only thing that differentiated this particular white wood siding house with the pitched roof from the others was the large 425 nailed just above the garage door.
The jarring sound of Dean’s cell phone in his pocket grabbed him and sent him crashing back to Earth and this horrible reality where Castiel was not his, was nothing more than air and shadows and a comatose body on a hospital bed. The phone rang again and still Dean did nothing to stop its strident demand for attention.
“What the hell, man?” he growled, moving in on him again.  “You don’t just jump into a guy like that!  You were inside me!”  Castiel flinched and Dean drew himself up straight again, standing stiffly.  “Ah!”  Dean yelled and tore at his hair before turning around and stomping off across the street.
Dean slumped in his chair, staring blankly down the street.  “I don’t know why I came here.”
He felt Castiel pull away from him and suddenly, it was his warm hand, no longer his clutched coat, that he gripped tightly.  When he felt the tug on his arm, Dean opened his eyes, his gaze landing right away on Castiel’s lips, tugged to the side in a lopsided smile.  The man turned away, facing down the hallway, the door to the bedroom ajar at the end of it, the glow of the flickering candles Dean had lit first spilling from it.  He was pulled forward as Cas walked down the length of the dark wooden floorboards and pushed open the door.
“Why are you still here?” Dean grumbled angrily at him.
Dean’s breath hitched in his chest as the golden light of the candles laid out on the floor of the room turned Castiel’s skin to bronze perfection.  “Cas…  I…”
“It’s Jody: my mentor.  Jess wouldn’t have sent you up here if it wasn’t bad.”
The shrill sound of the portable heart monitor stabbed Dean’s ears and heart.  The flat line on the screen as Castiel faded ever more snapped Dean out of his haze.
“The way I see it, Dean, you have two choices.  One, you can choose to believe that you happened to meet someone, granted unconventionally, who needs your help.”
The man stopped and turned expectantly, his face and the set of his shoulders betraying the hope that the man could barely contain.  Castiel hesitated as he opened his mouth to speak to him.  “I need the key,” he finally said.
“Hey bud?” Dean called out, realizing that the man had not come back into the room yet.  “Dude?” he called again, walking around the table and into the kitchen searching out the terrifying man in the tan trenchcoat.  He wasn’t there.
“Cas, no…  We don’t…  we don’t have to…” he stammered, his mind finding it hard to form a coherent thought as Cas’ nimble fingers undid each button of his shirt with surgical precision.
“What’re you going to do about it, ghost boy?”
“I don’t know, Dean,” she sounded disappointed, maybe she was as done with him as he was with her.  “Alright.  Well, I have a couple places we can check out in Pacific Heights, I just… Okay.  Lemme make a couple calls there.”
Stethoscope.  Scalpel. More coffee.  Make a sick kid smile.  Two bites of salad.
“Calm down before you short out the city block, man.  They’re just pants.”
“For God’s sake.” Dean sat back in his chair. “He’s not really there!”
The people responded to his assertive words and parted the way for him.  He crouched down beside the man, Castiel kneeling beside him as he tried to take stock of the situation without being able to touch. The man was barely more than a boy, slender and youthful.  He had a shaved head and a clean face and looked like the least likely candidate for suddenly not breathing mid-shift.
“Magazines,” he repeated, wondering where they had put the furniture.  The feng shui nightmare didn’t even have a couch.
“Doesn’t it make sense?” the man hunched forward a little, a light sparking behind his eyes as his voice took on a hushed, urgent tone, “So, get this, if a human is only flesh and bone, then yeah okay, when the body stops working it decays and returns to the soil.  But how do you account for the twenty-one grams?  MacDougall theorized in the early twentieth century that the human soul had weight.  He concluded that the loss of weight on the moment of death was a direct result of the soul departing from the dead vessel.  So, if that’s the case, it makes sense that that energy, that 21 grams of soul, can continue to impact and affect the world around it… if it chooses to stick around that is.”
The hand holding the glass jerked to the right again like he was trying to get it away from him and Castiel worked to open each of Dean’s fingers to release it.  Dean’s strength surprised him as he resisted and jerked the glass back to the left, his fingers grasping it harder than ever.  He tried to bring his mouth to the glass, and Castiel could feel Dean’s determination to drink, if only to spite him.  Castiel doubled his efforts and managed to make Dean stand away from where he had been sitting, his legs kicking out like a puppet on a string with an inexperienced master.  Dean turned around, wrenching himself back towards the bar where he wrapped both his hands around the glass tightly even as his legs worked to pull him away.
“Where did you get this?” Castiel asked him.
“…diabetic coma…”
“Please, Cas,” he said, unable to take much more of the man’s pondering.  He held out his hand, palm facing him, like he wanted a high five.  “Take me out of my misery here.  Tell me what you’re thinking.”
“We’re turning off life support tomorrow at noon, when the girls are at school,” Gabriel continued, lowering his voice with a glance at the girls still having tea and blabbing away, unconcerned by the grown ups and their troubles. “These past few months have been really hard on them and the whole family.  It’s time.”
“Oh!  That was nothing,” Dean answered.
“I mean, before… the accident… obviously,” Dean fumbled, trying to recover.
Dean had backed against the edge of the dining room table and he found himself unable to move out of the way as the man continued to walk towards him, eyes narrowed and shoulders hunched like he was about to attack him.  He stopped a handbreadth away, staring him down, the intensity in his eyes stopping Dean from moving, much less thinking.  “You should show me some respect.  This is my apartment.  I was gone a few hours and you broke in and made a mess.”
“I was gonna meet Castiel?” Dean’s brain was buzzing again, impotent in the face of fate’s master plan.
“But there’s still brain activity.  People can wake up from these things,” argued Gabriel.
“Are you sure about this?” Dean whispered, looking very pale.
Dean’s smile didn’t waver as he kept his eyes on Castiel, “Then how are we having this conversation?”
Castiel stood in the kitchen watching the spot where Dean had disappeared and wondered why he felt so empty inside.
She pushed the gurney with Castiel on it, a sheet modestly tucked around him, towards the door. Dean grabbed the railing and helped pull him out of the room.  The gurney free, Dean took over pushing it as Charlie grabbed the side to help maneuver, her head turning to look at the man on the ground.  “Dude!  Did you fracking hit a doctor?”
The door opened again, and Dean turned to face Dr. Mills as she held the door open.  “I’m sorry, Mr. Winchester—”
The dry cleaner’s shop was a tiny single floor building flanked on one side by an eightplex, much like Castiel’s own apartment building, and on the other was a simple hardware store with a residential loft above it.  Castiel followed Dean as he made his way uphill from the apartment and walked into the squat, white building with the forest green awning.
“Just like you’re not some douchewad’s secret gay lover?”
“Just do it.  It’ll keep the hole from closing.”
Lisa nodded her head.  “Still… It’s a shame though.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Dean!  What did you do?” Castiel stared down as the man collapsed and groaned on the ground.
“Oh yeah!  Of course,” he continued a little more calmly, “Go right ahead.  I’m sure he’s in his office; you should go see him.  We’ll wait right here.”
Dean turned to Alicia, who was still clutching the phone and looking down at the man on the ground and asked her.
“General curiosity?” the man asked.  Dean pursed his lips and frowned.  “Encounter?”  With a sigh Dean nodded, and the man crossed his arms, hunching forward again as his eyes lit up. “What kind?”
Castiel turned to look at him and found that he was fixated on his hand.  “What’s wrong?”
Dean noticed Charlie’s fingers gripping the dashboard hard enough to turn white as the van’s wheels left the ground completely.  Dean’s stomach floated into his lungs.
“Castiel,” Dr. Shurley drew his attention away from his disappointment.  “A word, please.”
Castiel nodded a twinge of yearning squeezing at him.  Jody caught his eye, cocking her head into his line of vision.  She gave him a quirky smile as she crinkled her nose.  “Don’t listen to them,” she said, patting him on the shoulder.  “You’ll find the right guy for you, in your own time.”
Sam pulled back his hands in non-confrontation, “Sorry, man.”
“Come on, now.  Look, I’m sorry I said you were dead.  Maybe you’re not dead.  Maybe you’re like un…dead.”
The crystal pendulum on the table suddenly spun in the air without anything touching it and Sam stiffened, his eyes fixed on it.  “He’s here,” he said completely seriously.
“Yeah, so let’s not stick around, right?”
Dean narrowed his eyes at him.  “Shut up, dumbass.  She’s my friend.”
Dean turned to look at him still hunched over the counter, but then he moved over to the designated drawer and opened it.  He pulled out the bottle opener in victory.
“Do you want me to wait for you in the lobby?”
“Jo,” Dean said, clearing the cracking in his voice, “Her name was Jo.  She was my wife.”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Dean’s jaw was twitching as he ground his teeth together, trying to maintain his self-control but feeling it slip with every grating syllable the black-haired man uttered.
“To Hell with you!”  Dean stormed out of the room and disappeared into the hallway beyond, the sound of the door slamming behind him like a clap of thunder.  The paintings and pictures on the walls shook in their frames.
“Craigslist,” Dean answered with a groan.
The skeptic frown on Jody’s face caught Castiel by surprise.  “What do you mean?” she asked, giving Dean another, slower once over.  Why would she doubt his words?
“Whoa, chill! I wouldn’t do that to you… yet.  He’s a friend of an old friend.”
“No, but, what if my life… what if it turns out my life was completely meaningless, like…”
“I don’t think you realize how complex the issue is.  The things you’d have to know to make this work—”
At first, after returning from his coffee with Charlie, he was jumpy, looking around every now and then because he thought he’d seen the man out of the corner of his eye, but after a little while he grew too exhausted to even remember to be on his toes.  The longer he didn’t appear, the more convinced Dean was that he’d made the whole thing up in the first place.
“Why?  Is there a problem?”
“Dude, what are you talking about?”
“What?  Why?  Are you insane?”
“Come on, Dean.  He can’t see me either,” Castiel said, sounding discouraged as he walked up beside Sam and waved his hand in his face.  “For some horrible, cosmic joke of a reason, only you can.”
Dean frowned, a sudden thought going through his mind and he reached forward to prod Castiel in the shoulder.  When his hand went right through him, he confirmed his suspicion that he was still not reconciled with his physical self.
More coffee as he clicked through the computerized patient files to complete his notes.
Dean burst through the door removing his jacket and boots, his mind a swirl of conflicting thoughts and emotions while his chest constricted his breathing.  “That crazy hipster doesn’t know what he’s talking about!” He moved about the apartment rambling, his restlessness stopping him from settling down in one place and turning his steps to pacing.  “I mean, what does he know, huh?  According to the lore…  I tell you where he can stick his stupid lore!”  He felt like his blood was boiling.
Castiel was sitting inside, ignoring the shelves running right through his incorporeal self.  His head was level with the top shelf, and he glared at Dean critically when he reached in to grab himself a beer.  Dean lost no time in swinging the door shut on the smug sonofabitch.
Castiel glanced at his watch, he was going to be so late, but they needed him.  “Alright,” he said stepping back out of the elevator.
Castiel cocked his head to the side and glanced around again before looking at Dean, standing in the room holding a burnt-out match and wearing his usual jeans and black t-shirt, his bare feet planted on the wooden boards.  “It doesn’t look like nothing.”
Try as he might, some things remained out of reach.  There was still more for him to remember.
.  The words had cut him deeply and though he had felt the pull to comfort him and had yearned in that moment to tell him, “You belong with me,” who was he to take Castiel away from his chance to crazy glue himself back into his own body?
From his desk, Sam coughed and when Castiel looked up he was looking at a card in his hand with a smile stretching his face.  “What?” asked Dean.
“I can barely focus when you’re around.  You start talking and it’s like someone jammed an AM radio in my head.”
Steal Castiel’s body.
“Now she’s flipping me off,” Castiel said with a roll of his eyes.
“Dean,” he said his name as he was wrapped in his presence, his whole body tingling as their souls embraced like long-lost lovers. “It wasn’t a dream.”
He looked up and around at his handiwork.  Uncertainty assault him suddenly as he looked at the forest of little dancing flames casting a glow to the room.  His mind strayed to the rose petals he had sprinkled all over the bedspread in the bedroom and he could feel the heat of a blush creeping up his neck.  “Just stupid,” he said to the candlelight as he sprung into action blowing out some of the nearby candles, in a hurry to remove the evidence before…
He fought the numbness that tried to protect his bruised heart as he pulled the key off his keychain.  He had had enough of feeling numb and living in a haze or half-forgotten dreams.  He had made a promise to Castiel and he intended to keep it.
“Don’t lie to yourself,” Castiel said, moving out of the way.  “You can’t keep drinking your feelings away.”
Castiel’s mind was abuzz with thoughts and emotions that felt alien to him, glimpses of memories he couldn’t remember experiencing and a yearning he had never felt before.  He looked up to where Dean had gone, and suddenly he was sitting on a park bench looking out at the lamps illuminating the paths that criss-crossed through the trees and lawn.
“I guess he doesn’t want to talk to me, huh?” Sam said from the couch.
“What’s wrong?  Don’t like talking about your failures?  She was tired of your laziness, I bet.”
“Dude, communication is not his problem,” he reminded him with a scoff.
Sam quietly pulled a card from the deck and glanced at it.  His eyebrows shot up in surprise and he looked back up at Dean who was arguing fiercely with the empty space in the kitchen.  He put the card back in the deck thoughtfully, then pulled the top card.  “I don’t think I can help you with your ghost,” he declared, staring at the new card.
He turned, his coat flaring a moment from the momentum, like any coat would have done had it been worn by anybody as they did an about turn, only as this man moved towards the open door and into the hallway, he vanished.  Dissolved into thin air like so much dust in sunlight.
Charlie startled back away from the bed.  “What did you just call me?  I changed my name.  How do you even know that name?”  Her voice was getting shrill again.
“Oh,” Dean said, moving up to the hospital doors and walking through them as they slid open automatically.  Castiel just spied Dean wiping his hand on his jeans then squirting anti-septic foam into his palm from a nearby dispenser, then his attention was taken up by the mess of activity in the reception area.  His eyes flitted from one person in scrubs to another as his mind was flooded with information about each one: names, personalities, interactions.  He knew these people.  He knew this place.  This was where he had spent most of his time, working insane hours to… Why?
Dean walked through the door marked
“What?”
“I felt.  You made me feel again.  You brought me back.  And if I lose you now… I can’t go back to before, Cas.”  Dean’s hands framed his face and Castiel felt that connection, that bond that somehow linked them, and his thoughts were fuzzy with the feel of him.  “You’re like my guardian angel, and you pulled me out of Hell.  You saved me, and now it’s my turn to save you.”  Dean’s eyes were feverish with his words, and his eyes dropped to his lips.  “You have no idea how much I wish I could kiss you right now,” he said, barely above a whisper, before taking a step back and pulling his hands away.
“Dean, stop.  Think about this.  You’ll go to jail.”
Gabriel nodded like he had heard him and Castiel chose to believe he had, even though he could not.  The door opened again and Castiel turned to see who had come in.  He was not pleased to see Crowley.
“You do?”  Dean had a better view of him as he moved around the foot of the bed.  He had dark, almost black, unkempt hair, like he’d gotten caught in a windy updraft and equally dark stubble on his jaw.  Under the trench coat, he looked to be wearing a dark blue suit, his blue tie almost matching his eyes making them that much more dramatic.
He could barely look at Dean.  He didn’t want to see his pity.  He turned away from him, looking out towards the curtained windows.  Lost in his own despair, just trying to come to terms with the delayed inevitable, it took him a moment to notice the tingling in his arm.  He looked down at it, confused, as the feeling intensified until he could almost feel the hand smoothing down his forearm and squeezing his hand.  He turned to look at Dean and found the man holding his body’s hand.  He had a gentle smile on his face as he looked up at Castiel.
Castiel opened his mouth to argue but found that he could not.  His conviction was wavering.  All throughout his neighbours’ assessments of the recluse who lived on the top floor, and with every new information they gathered, all Castiel could think was that they had him all wrong.  He could feel it.  His essence, his soul, or whatever was left of him that was floating around, following the only person who could see and hear him, that part of him knew, with absolute certainty, that he was not what those people imagined him to be.  And yet… he could not deny that though he felt they were wrong, they all seemed to agree with each other, painting a bleak existence.  Maybe he was better off not knowing.
“Pardon me, Doctor, but I received no such instructions,” he finally said.
Dean’s mind scrambled to remember their earlier conversation, it seemed like so much had happened since he and Castiel had interviewed the neighbours and he remembered how he had declined dessert before on the pretext that he would take her up on it later.
“Why are you shushing me?  You’re the one driving like a friggin’ maniac!  I’m too cute to die!”
“I’m all ears.” She took a step back and crossed her arms.
Castiel opened his eyes and looked around.  He and Dean were alone in an elevator and the lights were flashing erratically.  Dean was watching the numbers over the door, looking a little green.  Castiel had no recollection of getting into the elevator at all.
“They’re six and four, Dean.”
“What?” asked Dean who turned away from the scene with wide eyes.
Castiel’s shoulders fell in disappointment.  It wasn’t just the gun shot victim’s life hanging in the balance of that decision, he knew that picking Crowley only confirmed what Raphael had said before: God loved Crowley, and Castiel wasn’t worthy.
Dean started stammering again.  He tore his eyes away from her and caught Castiel’s look of disappointment.  He cast his eyes to the ceiling as he tried to think of how he could salvage this.  How had his life turned into this circus?
He grabbed one off the shelf and added it to the cart.
Dean could feel Castiel watching him.  He looked up, noticing Castiel’s pensive expression.  “What’s wrong?” he asked him as he looped a tube around the handrail for later.
“Is it wrong?  To want to be with someone?” she went on, clearly oblivious to his distraction as she wrapped her arms up around his neck. “To touch them?  Feel their warmth when the night is cold?”  Dean kept his eyes on Castiel, and her words seared into him as he imagined holding Castiel, his yearning flaring brightly as the man’s eyes shifted to his again and it felt like he was looking right into his soul.
“This is a joke, right?” Castiel said, looking over his shoulder.
“What is?”
“Better than dead!  This is a win, buddy!”  Castiel looked up at Dean.  He was so excited.  His eyes were practically sparkling with it.  “And you don’t have any scars or anything.  You’re healing.  You look… good.”
“Oh, I am not doing this for you.”
“A little,” Castiel admitted.
Castiel raised his hand to his face, marveling that he could finally touch him, feel him.  He couldn’t stop himself as his mouth crashed against Dean’s, feeling himself swell on the inside and burst apart as Dean’s arms wrapped around him, holding him tightly, both flesh and bone and finally together in the warm sunlight as they were always meant to be.
“Shut up, please just shut up,” Dean mumbled through his hands.
“No.  She’s not my type.”  Castiel could not look at him and he became entranced with his shoe.
“That should do the trick, alright,” the priest, who looked like an overgrown weed at the end of a teenage growth spurt, said in his smooth Tennessee accent.
“He can’t see or sense me, I already tried it.”
“I remember those pants.  I paid way too much for them, but someone made me buy them… can’t remember who.”
“You tell her Dr. Sexy,” Dean slurred as he tilted the beer into his waiting mouth.  The cold liquid slid smoothly down his throat and settled into his stomach where it joined the bag of chips and half-pizza he’d already consumed.  The rest of the meal was sitting on the wooden chest, nothing between the delicate varnish and the greasy pizza box as empty beer cans crowded around it.
“Him who?”
“Please,” the maitre D said, looking right at Dean, “What’s wrong with him?”
With a jerk of his head, the bottom of the glass was drained, and he clunked it back down to the wooden counter, gesturing to the man behind the bar for a refill.  Dean’s head bobbled on his shoulders and Castiel took a closer look at him.  “You’re inebriated.”
Sam shrugged, closing the book.  “Maybe it’s fate.”
“Tell him you’re a special consultant from—”
“But, Dean, something might jog my memory.  I remembered her, vaguely.”
Castiel watched Dean leave the room and then turned to look at his sleeping form on the bed.  It was so strange seeing himself there, and yet, he felt impassive, like he was looking at some stranger who happened to look like him.  He glanced around the room once then headed out, straight through the wall and back to the nurse’s station.  Jody was standing at the desk with Lisa, both of them looking towards the elevators.
“Hey Ash!” called out a voice behind Castiel as he reviewed the files, “The eighties are over!  When are you getting rid of the mullet?”
Castiel turned around to see the tall blonde fussing with a clip to tie up her hair as she rushed into the room.  She drew up to the bedside to await instructions as Castiel turned back to the patient.
“We’re not talking about a faulty engine.  My body is only being kept alive by those machines.  How do you think you’re going to take my body away?  How will my body stay alive?”
“Because…” Dean said stopping suddenly and turning to look at him, his eyes registering how confused, but also, how worried he looked.  “We have to stop him from making a huge mistake.”
Gabriel’s expression was closed-off as he stood and stared at Dean.  Dean turned to look at Castiel full on, now that the cat was out of the bag, and Castiel gave him a tight half-smile.  Another long moment passed in silence as the chatter from playtime wafted over the scene, and Dean waited.
“What are those?” Dean asked, intrigue overcoming some of his reservations.
“Don’t you want to sit down?” Dean asked her, pointing to the dining room table on the other side of the wall.
“You felt that,” Dean told him with confidence.
“Yes?” said a man’s voice as Dean stared at the doorway where he could just see the corner of the partly open door.  His heart pumped like he was running a 100-yard dash, while his brain and body froze just waiting for the moment the game would be over.  “I’m already here,” the man said, a distinctive English accent sounding confused and a little frustrated.
“How’s it going, Charlie?” he stalled.
Castiel could barely contain his excitement.  He reached forward and took Dr. Shurley’s hand in his, shaking it vigorously.  All of his hard work was paying off afterall. “Thank you, Doctor Sh-” The man frowned at him and smirked. “…Chuck.” The smirk turned to a wide smile and Castiel continued, “Thank you, so much.  I will not disappoint you.  I have so many ideas I want to get working on right away.”
“Well, what did you think we’d find out?  You’re some sort of Rockstar?”
“If you’re right, and fate is a real thing and not just a series of coincidences, then maybe… I was meant to find you.”
“Right.  Thank you.  We’re done here.”
“Yes.  All of it.  I worked here.  That’s why the neighbours never saw me.  I was almost always here.”
Light was coming in through the frosted panes of a door set a few feet from the main entrance and Dean turned the nob and pushed it open while Donna’s voice drifted from inside the apartment where she was still gushing about light and space.  Dean walked up the steps and found himself on the roof of the building, sun shining down.
She stopped scribbling and gave him the look.  “Cut the B.S., Dean.  I can’t help you if you’re gonna lie to me.”
“It’s growing on me,” he said, glancing at Dean shyly as he stared back, his eyes wide, the tip of his tongue darting out to moisten his lips.  Castiel felt himself fixate on the man’s plump lower lip and had to tear his gaze away quickly in case Dean noticed.  He reminded himself again that Dean was unattainable… on so many levels, not least of which was the physical impossibility of a relationship with him.  Paired with incompatible sexual preferences, and Castiel was forced again to concede that pining after him would get him nowhere good.
“You might want to slow down a little,” Charlie said, observing him. “How are you doing with those hallucinations?”
He looked up at Castiel’s spirit standing across from Dean, his inert body between them.
“I knew you were a pie man,” Lydia said, turning to lean back against the counter, crossing her legs at the ankles and holding her plate in front of her.
Dean knocked back his beer again, only to find that the metal canister was empty.  He lapped at the last drop clinging to the edge.  Resigned to the fact that it was now empty, and he would have to get up again to get a fresh one, Dean crushed the can in his hand and tossed it onto the crowded table, knocking over some of the other junk on there and making it fall to the floor.  With a sigh and a gassy burp, he rocked himself to his feet with barely a wobble.  He let out a curse when he moved around the couch and tripped on the boot he had thrown off when he had arrived a few days before with a duffel bag of clothes and basic supplies.  The TV had arrived a few hours later (who the hell doesn’t have a TV?), followed by fast food delivery and he had basically been in this spot since, getting up only for bathroom breaks, beer, and food re-supplying.
Sign off on a patient release.
“Wait, what?  Are you saying we could die?  This is not what I signed up for when I agreed to do this, Harry!”
“Listen to me, Dean,” Castiel said, his eyes holding Dean’s captive, and he couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think.  All he could do was cling stupidly to the bed railing while Castiel spoke his last words, “Knowing you, it’s been the best part of my life.  What we shared, it changed me.  I love you.  I will always love you, but please, run.  Save yourself.  I don’t want you to go to prison just because you were trying to help me.”
“Are we really driving?” Castiel asked as Dean pulled up to a red light behind a line of cars waiting to move forward or turn in the endless gridlock that was the urban maze of San Francisco.  “It would be faster to walk.”
“The dry cleaner might remember you.  It’s like church, people always go to the same one.”
It had been a month since life had thrown them unceremoniously into each other’s paths.  Dean could still remember that first kiss like it had happened mere moments before: the warmth of Castiel’s palm as he gripped his hand tightly, overwhelmed by the memories of their courtship, remembered in a flood of images and senses as he looked into Dean’s eyes; the feel of his strong hand as it cupped his jaw and neck, the scruff on his cheek tingling from the contact; the press of his lips against his as he pulled him forward into him and gripped him tight.
“If you think I’m going to leave you alone in my home, you’re wrong.”  The man was clenching his fists at his sides and Dean suddenly felt the dire need to defuse the situation before the ghost went ballistic on his ass.
“Uh…” Dean stalled searching for a way to put into words what had happened in his apartment.  He waved his hand towards the bookshelf absently.
“No,” Dean said.  In the pause between his words, Castiel looked at him hopefully.  “I don’t think there was much sleeping involved, Cas.”  Castiel’s hope petered out as he watched Dean pump his eyebrows suggestively and then break into another fit of quiet giggles.
“Twenty-three?  Are you insane?  Time to go home, Castiel.”
“You really think so?” Dean asked, beginning to worry that this was actually his damaged brain’s way of telling him he needed help.  He glanced back at the man sitting on the bed and looking at him with a sympathetic shadow of a smile that Dean found somewhat comforting.  He let go of the pillow and sat up, draping his legs over the edge of the mattress, his stockinged feet pressing into the floor, grounding him.
“A word of advice,” Lisa said as she moved past Castiel towards the door, “Enjoy the bachelor life while you can.”
“The ambulance is on its way,” called the girl, Alicia, from where she stood with the phone.
Standing in the center of the roof, Castiel scanned the view before him, touched by the peace and quiet afforded him by the surrounding spectacle.  The roof itself was dark, the residential streetlamps not reaching up as tall as the building.  Dean stood leaning forward over the parapet and gazing off into the shimmering distance, himself wrapped in both the shadows of the roof top, and those within himself.  Castiel could see the weariness in his face, the numb mask he usually wore not necessary on the dark and solitary roof.
“Look for the light!” Dean called out in sheer bravado, trying to ignore the fear and confusion brought on by the whole situation.
Dean cringed as he looked up towards the foursome huddled together like a pre-game pep talk.  Did one of them seriously have a camera?
The breeze blew again, picking up a rogue paper and swirling it around in a natural tango.  The paper swooped low to the ground then swirled high on an updraft, twisting gracefully as it made its way to the very edge of the park where a man sat on a bench alone.  The paper twirled playfully around him and went in for a hug, plastering itself to his face.
Dean had resigned himself to not getting up off the couch anymore.  If he stayed in one place, Castiel couldn’t keep popping out at him when he least expected it.  He had turned on the television and was channel flipping through evening sit-coms and dramas, sports casts and news reports.  Nothing really caught his fancy while Castiel’s unwavering stare was focused on him.  He had found himself a spot in one of the two armchairs that flanked the TV and so was constantly in his line of sight.  His presence was like suspense in a horror film: the more nothing happened, the more Dean grew anxious that something would.
“Okay, but hear me out alright?”
Castiel frowned, “Jody won’t hesitate to lock you up in the psych ward.”
He had no words.  How could he even begin to explain to her that he and Castiel were bound to each other by something so much stronger than anything he had ever experienced with another person ever, including his deceased wife?  How could he tell her that as he looked into Castiel’s intense blue eyes he would stop breathing if those eyes were no longer there?  That if he lost Castiel, it would be like losing such a large piece of himself he could never recover?  Castiel was looking back at him and he was so sad and scared.
“I know this place,” Castiel said in awe.
Dean addressed Charlie again, trying to understand how pieces of so many different puzzles were fitting together.  “How do you know him?”
“Of course, I do,” he answered as he backed away.
Muffled voices.
“I don’t know what game you’re playing at, but I think you should leave.”
The quiet of the apartment pressed down on him again and a part of him considered turning on the television just so he could banish it for a time.  He glanced around the shadows in the hall and in the further parts of the living room area cast by the bright lights in the kitchen and the muted light over the dining table – the only ones he had thought to turn on.  He realized that he wasn’t put off by the dark and quiet as he had been for such a long time now.  They were peaceful for the first time in many years and he breathed deeply before standing up to bring his plate to the sink.
“Hello, Dean,” said Castiel.
.  And then the rubber hit the pavement with a squeal and Dean eased off the accelerator a little.
A few hours, what?  Dean turned his head, the airlessness in his lungs loosening a little.  A few hours?  He hadn’t left the place in days.
“I don’t know what’s happening to me, Dean.”  He could feel the confusion growing inside of him as more and more he realized that whatever it was that had caused him to be this way… it couldn’t last forever.  He had been so determined to get rid of Dean, he hadn’t really thought beyond what would happen if he succeeded.  He couldn’t even remember who he was, or what kind of life he had before now.  No one could see him or talk with him.  He couldn’t do something as simple as hold a book or turn off a light.  The more he thought about all this, the more the feeling of utter helplessness threatened to overwhelm him, and he stared off into the distance, paralysis setting in.
“You get him plugged to the new equipment and ready to roll.” Dean pointed to Charlie and then nodded to Castiel.  “I’m gonna stall the flaming douche.  You’re with me.”
Charlie found a couple of lab coats hanging behind the door and she and Dean threw them on over their regular clothes.  Everything in place and ready, they pushed the gurney out and through to the hall, heading for Castiel’s room.
“What?” reacted Dean, having a hard time keeping track of who was talking to him, who was supposed to be in the van and who was in the van and no one else could see or hear.
The light from the city filtered in and touched upon the furniture, the floor, the walls.  The living room was empty.  The apartment was empty.  Silence filled the space and it was just an apartment once again.
Dean turned around, realizing that while he thought she had gone to the washroom, really, she had shed her clothes and was now standing in the bedroom doorway in nothing but the scantest black lace bra and thong.  His brain went momentarily out of commission, white static drowning out any possible thought process.
Dean turned back to look at Gabriel, determined to make his case.  He could do this.  For Castiel.  “I know about his situation.  And I know that it’s got to be hard, keeping the hope alive for his recovery.  But you can’t give up now.  Your brother is fighting, and it’s the fight of his life.  You can’t pull the plug on him, it’d be like cutting the legs out from under him.  He’s gotta keep fighting, so he can come back to us.”
“Hey baby bro!  Where the hell are ya?” Background giggles and excited screams from Castiel’s nieces.
His hard-headed determinedness was awe inspiring, terrifying and dumbfounding.  To think that he would risk, life and limb to save him – that he was willing to go as far as he was on the off chance that they could reconcile him to his body.
“I can hear you, you know,” Castiel said, suddenly standing in the kitchen with them.
Castiel thought of how best to approach him and suddenly he was standing stiffly beside him.
“Is he there?”
“I feel like I’m at a slumber party,” Dean mumbled with a shake of his head.
“How long have you been on?” she asked, giving him an appraising look, her eyes narrowed like she was daring him to lie to her.
There you have it :-)
“You know I was vacationing at the Bahamas man, I’m still mad at you for not coming..” I frowned.
As I sat down at my usual table in the back eating nothing since Castiel threw my lunch on my head this morning, I tried to avoid looking over at his table in the center where all the popular students sat.
I didn’t have one last year and had to use my book bag for everything but fortunately she was able to save up money to make me one. We come from a very poor family and I’m surprised that we can even afford to come to this school considering it’s one of the best in the state.
“What do you mean you’re not coming to school today Anna?” I complained on the speaker phone while I was changing.
“Dean honey he’s the ugliest human being I’ve ever had the displeasure of meeting. And I’m talking about on the inside. Sure he’s physically attractive, stunning even but you of all people should know how ugly he truly is.”
“Out of my way,” He pushed me out of the entrance of his closet and I fell onto the ground behind him dumbfounded. Slamming the closet door in my face I stood up to sit on the bed and I couldn’t keep my hands out of my face because of how embarrassed I was.
I was snapped out of my trance however when I suddenly felt a slightly heavy weight on my head and I realized Castiel had spilled the pancakes on my hair while he was whispering to me.
“Woah woah woah slow down how did this happen?” She yelled and I realized I should have given more detail.
“Shut up.” He said still wearing the pout and now crossing his arms. He looked absolutely adorable at the moment.
Laughter was all I heard around me and I hated that even the teachers were afraid to stand up to him. Money really was power, and I had absolutely none of it.
“True you do kind of smell like shit,” he smirked when he saw my panicked expression. “Alright, just take a quick shower then we can work on the assignment. How about that?” He compromised.
After the kiss it was like I was in a lucid dream. Nothing at the moment felt real but at the same time I still felt in control with myself. To Castiel I must have looked like a complete idiot the way I was staring at him after the kiss but he had no clue on what I felt on the inside. The one word that comes to mind though was that I was completely and utterly
Remembering that I had to be done in under ten minutes I had to forcibly stop myself from standing around and I quickly left the shower once I was finished cleaning my body.
Back in fourth grade when I ripped his pitiful thing he called a bag I finally got an emotion other than pure happiness out of him, and to my delight he became so sad he even started to cry, which is something he never does in front of me.
“He didn’t do anything wrong.” I muttered under my breath, my blood was slowly boiling at the way Castiel treated his employees. He should be grateful he has people to do this for him at all.
“You’re not gonna be grateful for long after I’m done making your life miserable here.” I glared at him with such contempt it almost scared me how much I hate this boy even though he didn’t do anything wrong to me.
She acts as if he belongs to her and that they’re a couple.
My face heated in embarrassment as I finally got off the floor and ran to my desk. I put my head down to hide myself from the handsome but mean boy who humiliated me on my first day here.
“But I haven’t seen you all break,” I pouted and grabbed my phone, walking downstairs to go eat.
“P-please stop just stop Castiel!” I yelled while hysterically sobbing. I really am pitiful and he really does hate me, will it ever change?
Why won’t he ever see me?
I managed to let one of my arms escape his hold and I brought my hand up to wipe away my tears but Castiel stopped me. He’s now holding my arms even tighter than he was before.
I’ve never been a fast runner. Usually I would be short of breath very quickly however after what happened at Castiel’s I suddenly became a track star. My heart was racing even when I got home and I immediately ran to my bed to hide under the sheets in shame of what I just did.
“Try me”
I was like a drug addict, except in my case my addiction was to bring every negative emotion possible out of the ever so cheerful Dean Winchester and relish in it.
Maybe he actually doesn’t hate me-
The night went by faster than I’d hoped and I already knew today was going to be a long day the moment I entered the school halls purposely two hours late.
That could only mean one thing.
“Dude I haven't seen you in over a week, is it illegal to check up on you now?” He asked and I already knew he was wearing a dramatic expression on his face.
“Check out this new bag my parents got me,” I exclaimed with a smile.
“He existed, that's what he did wrong. Kind of like you.”A cruel smile was starting to appear on Castiel’s face. “No actually
And thank God he came because I couldn’t take starting classes right now after dealing with that flea Daphne.
“Please, I beg y-you please can I have it back.” I pleaded, feeling ashamed that I had to do this in front of everyone.
“You’re coming to my house after school today to help finish this up.” Castiel said to me as I was picking up my backpack.
“Because Dean you and I live in two different worlds, and I would never bring myself low enough to be friends with someone like you,” he taunted, and finally let go of me. He then walked away and left me here to drown in my sorrow.
“You’re lucky you didn’t ditch me because you don’t know the kind of hell I would have planned for you if you made me do the assignment alone,” he threatened while giving me a glare.
“I-I don’t want him to get in trouble and you know why I can’t tell my parents, this school will give me an amazing future they’ll take me out the second they find out I’m being bullied-”
I fell onto my knees in defeat with tears in my eyes threatening to fall but all I could do was watch.
He then threw the pieces onto the floor and they fell on my kneeling form.
“Yup pretty much. Got a problem with that?” He raised an eyebrow and it looked like he was waiting to see if I was going to argue with him but to his disappointment I just shook my head and took out his computer like he asked.
“Well you thought wrong.”
“Talking with me? Since when do I ever talk
Dean Winchester, my own personal punching bag when I needed to let out some steam, was finally here.
“Why in the world are you calling me this early Gabe,” I groaned at my friend through the phone.
“Hey check it out look who’s coming by your locker,” Balt suddenly elbowed me and interrupted my thoughts. I turned my head to see who he was talking about.
easy for me,” he taunted and I was about to melt right on the spot from how close we were.
“I’m so sorry sweetie, the new company he’s working at demands a lot of hours and he had to leave early.” She explained while setting down the food on the table.
Dean could feel a plan starting to form along with the hope that came of the certainty that they could not fail.  He was going to save Castiel and then together they would figure out how to put him back together again.
Gabriel’s face lost its subtle smile as he sized him up.  “Impossible.”
Dean leaned forward, their foreheads pressing together as he closed his eyes, his breathing heavy like he had just been running.
“Listen, I’m not gonna hurt you.  I just want to help you move on.”
“They’re going to set off the smoke detector,” said Castiel flatly.
“So, yeah, I’ll set up the meeting to sign the lease.  Just shoot a hoot if you need me!”
“This isn’t a game.  This is my life.”
“It was just there,” the man insisted, glaring at him.  “That’s enough.  I’m calling the police.”
“Oh!  Right,” Castiel said feeling awkward suddenly, “I’ll just wait here, then.”
“Charlie, can we focus?”
“No! No, we just need more time.  Tell me what to do!”
Dean hoped the man would leave now, but his stomach dropped when Crowley pulled his phone from his coat pocket.  No.  No, if he got Shurley on the phone the game was up.  Dean could feel the panic rising in him as he sensed the bear trap clamping around his ankle.  Crowley smiled a taut little smile at him while he waited for Shurley to answer, the phone to his ear.
“That’s right I did.  I earned it.”
“Hey!” Dean said, moving to stand by the passenger door and opening it with a squeal of hinges.  “I don’t need any drunk prejudice from you, buddy.”  His tone sounded gruff and annoyed, but he smiled as he held the door and gestured for Castiel to get into the car.
“Please, Castiel.  Help me do this.”
By some masterful stroke of old-fashioned good luck, no one noticed them as the rolled through the hallways, eyes too busy reading charts, or talking to stunned-looking family members, or suddenly turning in the opposite direction upon remembering an important task.
“No one wants to live with a freeloading slob.  You can’t blame her dropping you out of her life.  I actually applaud her for it!”
Night had fallen, and it had brought with it a certain chill in the air.  A variety of people could be seen still going about the business of livening up the nighttime streets of beautiful San Francisco.  Some were locals, you could tell by the careful layering of the clothes on their back, or the way they carried around a sweater as they walked across the city blocks like they each had their own climates.  Many were tourists, clad in shorts and flip flops as they sought refuge from the unexpected cold in one of a hundred little cafés, bistros and restaurants that lined the sidewalks of whatever neighbourhood they happened to be in.  Streetlights twinkled, the guiding stars of an urban setting, and warm, inviting light spilled onto the sidewalks from the evening shops.  Scents of cinnamon and caffeine, tomato sauce and basil, frying oil and baked bread wafted into the street every time a door opened and closed again.
Dean shook himself out of his distracted funk and turned onto Valencia St.  He found his destination a few buildings in, the spacey, hand-painted sign announcing “BOOKS” in golden brown lettering sticking out from the store front was the first thing he saw as he approached.  The storefront frame around the large windows was quite uniquely painted itself with a new-age-feel, space blue with stars and planets like the accent wall in the bedroom of a space obsessed child.  In the window display, Dean spied old antique furniture and shelves filled with books, the old and rare mixed right in with the new and popular.  The lettering on the window announced that he had arrived at the Abandoned Planet Occult and Metaphysical Bookstore.
Eventually, Castiel walked off around the bend of the path and Dean snapped out of his reverie and looked around like he was seeing the estate garden for the first time.  Flowering shrubs and ornamental trees served as frame and backdrop to the curving stone path that coiled into a tight spiral; pink azaleas and blueblossoms, silver lupine and bright fushia all swirled together in controlled chaos.
Then the door closed again, and Dean breathed.
Dean pulled the phone away from his ear and stared at it, his brain all static and bubble wrap.
He’d been startled out of his wits as he’d wiped the condensed steam off the mirror to find the man in the trench coat standing right behind him. “Get out!” he’d said, his gravelly voice ringing in Dean’s ear as he spun around expecting to be toe-to-toe with the man but instead finding the room empty.
Dean dropped his head forward closing his eyes.  “Seriously, man.  Just… go away.”
“What were you doing?  Just watching me sleep?  ‘Cause that’s creepy!”
“Well, you better hope so.  ‘Cause I tell yah, that’s pretty much the only way we’ll get you off this month-to-month thing.  You know, get you a real lease.”
Dean took a deep breath, keeping his eyes lowered.  “I’m sorta seeing someone.”
Dean stared at the cards feeling betrayed and angry and hopeless all at once.  “No!  That can’t be it! That’s crap!”
“They are oracle cards.  They can be used to tune in to certain energies and vibrations that the human senses can’t necessarily perceive.  I got them off a Salem witch who came to the shop once.”
“That was fast,” was all he could think of saying, unable to look at him.  He felt withered inside, no more than that dead plant sitting on the skylight.
They clung to each other, each trying to pull the other closer, trying to pull each other inside, so they would be together forever, so they could feel their souls mingling and fusing once more.  Dean forgot all notions of being gentle as he responded to Castiel’s passion.  Dean could feel the rising need to feel connected to Castiel, to feel him wrap his arms around him like protective wings and it was driving him mad, his movements become much rougher and less controlled.  He nipped at his lips and dug his fingers with bruising strength into the other’s skin, clinging to him.  He could feel his stiff erection growing uncomfortably swollen and he shifted his hips pushing against the skin of Castiel’s stomach, searching for somewhere warm to rub against.
His petrified emerald eyes wouldn’t leave my relaxed sitting form, and he seemed to be deaf to the teacher calling out his name.
Looking at me through the rear mirror he smiled and shook his head. “It’s Ben, and no problem,” he politely replied.
“No! Please stop it Castiel this is too much even for you his mother had worked hard making that for him!” I heard Anna yell behind me but I wasn’t able to even speak as I watched him rip apart the one thing that made my entire year better.
If Anna were here she would have scolded me on the spot.
“Aw the little baby finally decided to come back,” Castiel mocked as I sat back down in my seat.
“Don’t worry momma I’ll be good,” I couldn’t contain my excitement anymore and I gave her a quick hug goodbye before rushing out into the school to see just how nice it was on the inside.
“Dean I’ve told you this before your scholarship the school gave us when you were little is a huge reason why we are keeping you here. Your big brain will get you so far in life just don’t worry about the money and understand your father and I are proud of you.” She said, giving me a serious look.
Serves him right.
With shaking hands I grabbed my phone so I could tell Anna what happened. I need to talk to
Hypnotized, my eyes followed him walking confidently into the school as he ignored everyone who stared in envy.
And then suddenly soft lips crashed into mine, indeed trying me like they said.
“Wouldn’t you have hell planned for me either way?” I bravely asked, however before he could answer a luxury black car pulled up in front of us interpreting our conversation.
I heard a few of the students snickering but I didn’t even bother to look at who was laughing and I just turned around and sat at the desk in the furthest back.
I was then faced with bright green eyes who looked terrified after making eye contact with me and they quickly looked down while opening the locker right next to mine.
“Let’s go,” Castiel told him and kicking his legs out one after the other, he pried Dean away and out the heavy door.
Without waiting for an answer, the man side stepped around Dean and the table and disappeared into the kitchen.  Dean gulped in the air, his scrambled brain trying desperately to understand what was going on.  He had rented this place, he was certain about it… wasn’t he?  What if the guy was right?  What if… what if it’s a rent scam!  That’s it, must be it.  What else could it be?
“Were you sitting there all night?”
Castiel looked up from the papers in front of him as he approached Mrs. Clark who was lying back on a gurney.  He glanced around but couldn’t find the nurse, as always.  “Lilith?”
“You take care now,” the man said closing the door and they made their way to the next apartment.
“Oh!” suddenly exclaimed Castiel who had been watching the whole thing.  “Is that why you’re such a useless slob?  Some girl left you?”  Castiel’s words cut Dean deeply and he flinched before turning his choking anger on him.
Dean laughed seeing Castiel’s suspicious frown.  “We’re not robbing it, so you can just cool your horses.  We’re not going inside.  What I want to show you is this way.”
When God turned to Castiel he answered with, “A few more,” though really it was twice that.
“Yeah, hi.  I’m trying to find someone, and I was hoping that maybe you could help me. This guy’s about this tall.  Black hair.  Big blue eyes?”
“It’s okay,” said Gabriel, drawing his attention again.
“That is really cool, if not mostly terrifying.”
Sam picked the card from the top of the deck and flipped it onto the table, placing it beside the first.  This one had a different symbol painted in grey ink.  “You should move, man.”
“So, according to the lore, there are a lot of different types of encounters when it comes to ghosts.  Ectoplasm, orbs, cold spots, sometimes they manifest with odd noises, like scratches and knocks.”
“Mostly, I watched the world out there,” he turned to look back out the window, “There is so much life passing by every second of every minute…”
Castiel pulled his hand back, keeping his elbows on his knees and folding his hands under his chin.  “Maybe, it’s better this way,” he said, no emotion behind the deep scruff of his voice.
Castiel was frowning at him.  “Why are you half-naked?” he asked him, his gaze lingering on Dean’s bare torso.  Dean looked down at himself and quickly shook out his plaid and threw it back on.  He heard the clinking of his untied belt buckle and he quickly hooked it back up again, feeling a blush creep up his neck.
Dean did as he was told, minus the latte, he preferred his coffee black and bitter.  He sat down at the little sidewalk terrace bistro table and took a sip of his hot coffee.  He stared at the scarred tabletop for a moment, trying to form the events of the past few days into something coherent that didn’t make him sound completely insane.
“What?  Like mine?  Thanks.”  Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head breaking out of the crowd to cross the street.
“Ah!  Stop that!”
“Does he feel bloated?”  Dean nodded his head yes as his fingers pushed against the soft mocha coloured skin, Castiel noticed the long surgical scar down his front, clearly he had a history with medical interventions.
There was silence in the passenger seat while Dean wove around slowing cars.
Why was he here?  Another couple stood from where they were sitting at the bar and moved off towards another part of the crowded place.  Castiel spied a familiar shape leaning against the bar and talking with a pretty, young brunette.  In his hand, was a nearly empty tumbler.  Castiel barely cared that there was no way that the man had left the apartment, found a bar and had already finished at least one drink in the space of a single blink… he simply put it out of his mind as he approached him.
Sam shuffled the deck again and pulled the top card again.  His face fell as he looked at it.  He glanced up at Dean with deep sadness, and that look.  Dean thought he would never have to deal with that look ever again, and here it was, like this stranger knew all his secrets.  His anger swelled and he thought he would choke on it.
Get a van.
Castiel’s eyes landed on the clerk sitting behind the reception desk.  She had long blonde hair and honey eyes with full lips and an easy smile.  “Jess,” Castiel said as he started moving to the desk, Dean in tow.
Broken and ruined, the flyer could no longer dance with the wind and it sat on the lawn discarded, ignored, and forgotten.
Dean turned the collar up on his green military jacket and stuck his hands in the pockets as he made his way down the steep incline of the street, moving out of Russian Hill and into North Beach.  He was meeting his friend for a coffee that he’d much rather be a drink, but considering the circumstances, he didn’t think alcohol would be such a good idea.
“Mr. Winchester, I’m truly sorry,” said Jody as she took a step into the room but stayed leaning against the open door.  “I have an appointment and I can’t leave you in here alone.”
Cotton in his ears.
“He doesn’t remember anything,” cried out a distressed voice behind him.
Castiel felt the hand on his shoulder before he heard his name and he startled awake, finding himself sitting in one of the hard-plastic chairs tucked under the round table of the break room.  A petite brunette nurse in blue scrubs was standing beside him, arms crossed over her chest, right hip popped like she was about to give him her usual sass.  He blinked away the last of the heavenly garden and rubbed at his tired eyes.  “How long was I out?”
“Um, St-Matthews.  A few blocks up through the Panhandle.”
Castiel looked around, continuing to search for clues and hints of memories.  Dean walked up to the counter where a middle-aged man sat in a chair to the side reading a book.  He had a trim brown beard that was starting to go grey and a stern face hidden under the bill of an old, battered baseball cap.
“It’s okay, little bro,” Gabriel quietly shushed like when he’d had nightmares as a child.  “Don’t move, everything’s okay.”
“Probably just a load of gibberish.  Damned Latin,” he mumbled.  He cleared his throat and began.  “Amate spiritus obscure, te quaerimus, te oramus, nobiscum colloquere, aput nos circita.”
“Holy sh—!” Dean jumped back and tripped on the plastic chair, sending him sprawling on his ass.  He scurried away from the madman with the knife.  “What the hell?” he yelled at him.
“You need to tell me if I do anything you don’t like.  I don’t want to hurt, or upset you, darling.”
With a purse of his lips Castiel raised his hand again and passed it right through Dean’s face.  It felt so strange, almost like someone was stuffing his brain with ice cold, cotton candy.  As it amplified though, it joined forces with his growing headache, and he back up out of arm’s reach, dodging as Castiel tried to jab at his head again.  “Alright, that’s enough.”  Castiel looked down at his hands and his confusion was palpable.  “Listen, buddy, it’s not my fault you’re like this, alright?  I just want you out of my house.”
The sleek black Impala drove away, the engine rumbling loudly and then slowly fading into the distance as Jody Mills came out of 426 Alvarado St.  She gazed off down the street absently as the last of it disappeared, drowned by the rest of the traffic sounds.  Then, her mind returned to the patients she would be meeting within the hour and she quickly locked her door and made her way down to the nearest MUNI stop that would take her to St-Matthews.
With a last smile, he moved off towards the door and Rowena moved to take his spot in Castiel’s arms.  He always felt awkward hugging his brother’s tiny wife, she felt so small and delicate in his arms.  That and it reminded him of the first time he met her when she had threatened him with a wink to turn him into a pile of feathers if he wrinkled her dress.
“Of course,” Castiel said standing up. For a moment he felt unsure and lost, his mind as foggy as the San Francisco morning had been, but then he turned towards the bedroom door and walked out into the hallway beyond.  He stopped a little beyond the bathroom door, and looked out through the entrance to the dining area towards the bay window.  He wasn’t aware of time passing, but suddenly Dean was talking to him, coming up behind him with fresh clothes on his back and still damp hair from his shower.  Castiel frowned.
“It’s like she knows I’m here,” Castiel’s wonder in his voice as he shifted his attention back to his nieces.
, unless…
Castiel sat on the edge of the hospital bed and lay down.  He focused all his will into reconnecting with his flesh and bones, visualizing the blood in his veins and the air in his lungs.
“Yeah.  I’m trying to find out what happened to him.  Could you help me?”
“You have to promise me.”  Castiel’s whole being suddenly radiated intensity and fervour and Dean trembled seeing the flame of it in his eyes.  “Promise me you’ll make more gardens like this one.  For me.”  Dean took a shaky breath convinced that he would soon be consumed by that fire as it spread from Castiel to him.  Almost as an after-thought, Castiel added, “And for the bees,” and the spell was broken; the tension suddenly dissipated as Dean started to laugh and Castiel smiled, the genuine joy in it almost as intoxicating as his previous intensity.
“Listen, Dean, I’m just not getting a clear sense of what you’re looking for, there, ya know?”
“No.  I’m good right here,” she smiled at him, curling up just one side of her mouth again.
Dean swallowed forcefully, stunned a moment by the man’s passionate intensity on the subject.  He recovered quickly though and raised his eyebrows, returning to his more comfortable skeptic sarcasm.  “You’re like a walking encyclopedia of weirdness, you know that?”
“Yes,” Dean answered, feeling hope beat against the inside of his chest like a trapped butterfly.
Dean watched her sashay her way out of the kitchen and into the hallway and he breathed a sigh of relief.  What had he gotten himself into now? he wondered.  He bent down and picked up his plaid shirt from the ground, feeling a little exposed.
“Hello?” Dean called out tentatively and emptiness and silence gathered around him in greeting as he entered the apartment and closed the door behind him.
“Mr. Masterson,” Gabriel stopped and turned to face Crowley again, “Your brother did sign a release, but circumstances being what they are, we won’t take terminal action without your approval.”
All around him.
Dean wrapped his lips around him again and sucked in his cheeks, pulling him deeper into his mouth.  Dean felt him swell and he pressed the flat of his tongue directly on his head, swirling it around and moving his mouth up and down as Castiel’s come spilled into his mouth with a cry and a groan from the man.  Dean worked him through his orgasm, lapping at the semen and swallowing it down greedily, slowing his motions as the stiffness drained away, leaving Castiel limp and spent.
Dean frowned at him a moment, just watching him.  “Alright, then.  Let’s go.  Faster we’re done with this, the faster I can get back to doing nothing.”
Castiel moved in on him slowly.  Dean turned his head away, his feelings boiling and bubbling in his stomach ready to erupt.  “What’s wrong?  You can say and do whatever you want to get rid of me, but you can’t handle a little truth thrown your way? The only downside I see to her leaving is that you ended up in MY apartment.”
“It’s alright, Dean.”
“I believe in fate, Dean.  I know there’s a reason why you’re the only one who can see me,” Castiel said, turning his gaze on Dean and locking him in place.  “Why you’re here, in this apartment.  Why that man collapsed at the restaurant, right when we were the only ones who could save him.  Why I dreamed of your garden. It’s all connected.  So there must also be a reason why I can’t go back to my body.  I just wish I understood why.”
The instruments on the tables fell back to their original neutral positions and stilled.  Sam’s eyes were drawn to the card sitting on his desk, the twin flames of the soulmates writhing together until they were but one.
“Machines don’t know everything.”
“Spare key.  Under the fire extinguisher.”
“Well, your brother was against it.  Most of us in the medical profession feel this way.”
“Mr. Winchester?” the doctor asked as she drew up to him holding out her hand.
Dean let the insult slide and tried again, “What do you do, when you’re not here?”
“Right,” Dean mumbled, putting the book back on the shelf.  “You believe in any of this… stuff?”
“What is this?  Is this a trick?” the man asked, losing that coolness to his voice momentarily as he tried to grab the phone again and his hand went right through it.  Dean could only shake his head as he stared at the strange phenomenon.  “You wait right there,” the man told him with a glare like all of this was his fault.  “I’m going to use the one in the kitchen.”
“Someone will meet you there and explain the situation.”
“Why?  I can’t even touch you.”
“Thirty.  Seven thirty,” Castiel added checking his watch and wondering where the time had gone.
“It wasn’t your fault, Dean.”
Get to the hospital.
“I don’t know why you’re insisting on this.  I spoke to my brother hours before he went into a permanent coma.  If he had been seeing someone, he would’ve told me.”
Almost like Dean had read his mind, he looked back at him suddenly. “Your brother wouldn’t sign those papers, right?”
“It’s too late.  I already signed the release form.”
Dean reached forward and held his hand to Castiel’s cheek, feeling that exchange of energy, or whatever it was, and he knew what Castiel meant; his core vibrating from his contact with him.  He was getting lost in the blue of Castiel’s eyes: he felt he would fall into them and never emerge.  His body felt like it was floating in their intensity; both captive and set free.  He was drowning in Castiel, feeling him penetrate his body and mind as he closed his eyes, overwhelmed by the feel of him.
“I don’t know, but I say it’s worth checking out.”
A male attendant dressed in forest green scrubs and who looked like he was halfway between stoned and drunk handed him two folders, “You’re on in five and eight,” he told him, oblivious to whether or not Castiel could handle the workload.
“Okay!  Sorry.  Seeing each other is maybe the wrong word for it.  We live in the same building.  We were getting… close…er, um.  It’s not like we had gone on a date or anything… uh. Damnit,” he finished under his breath as he ran a hand through his hair in frustration.
“You doing alright there, buddy?” Dean asked him, keeping his tone conversational as he walked through the late afternoon crowd.
“Dean, seriously?”
“Thank you,” Castiel said warily.
Dean turned one last corner and went careening into the hospital drop off zone to the soundtrack of Charlie yelling “Whoa!” repeatedly and at an increasingly higher pitch, while he narrowly avoided a couple of pedestrians heading inside.
“Shut up!  You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.”
They pushed the cart into the designated room and following Castiel’s instructions, they set up the equipment on the gurney.
The pink flyer attached itself to his face, slapping him like it was throwing down a challenge.  He grabbed at it and was about to crumple the thing out of spite, when the large black print finally caught his attention.
“What are we doing here?”
“It’s the yellow thing there.”
“My team is standing by downstairs, with a signed order from Dr. Shurley, of course.”
“What are they doing?” Castiel’s voice asked from where he sat beside him on the red sofa.  “They seem to have written on some paper strips.  Oh!  I wonder what they’re going to do with the lighters…”
“You look like a pervert in that coat, watching a bunch of kids,” Dean said from behind him, sounding slightly winded from his escape.
Dean made his way up the many steps to the front door. Castiel followed behind him, trying to pull himself back into investigation mode.  They could not afford to let a clue pass them by.  Dean rang the doorbell, and they waited.  Before long, a tall man with a strong chin covered in a trim greying beard opened the door.  Everything about the man seemed long: his head, his neck, his arms.  Though he was taller than Dean, he lacked the build to make him look anything other than slender.  He had light brown hair and if Castiel had to guess, he’d say the man was in his forties.  He looked like a pediatrician.
He was dead.
“Swoon,” Charlie said, her voice sounding breathy.  Then she cleared her throat.  “Well… If I’m going to Hell anyways just because I’m gay, I might as well add body snatching to the list, really make it worth it.”
Castiel was instantly horrified.  Where had that come from?  “I do not do drugs, Dean.”
“What? No!  He’s almost fifteen minutes early, son of a bitch!”
Castiel didn’t have the chance to express his condolences.  In an explosive huff, Dean turned around and headed straight for the staircase that would lead him back inside the apartment and away from him.  Castiel could feel Dean’s pain, camouflaged as it was under a layer of anger.  He turned back around to look beyond at the muffled city’s beauty, and he could not feel the victory at Dean’s lack of presence.  Except for the guilt starting to eat away at his gut, he could only feel numb and tired and fuzzy.  It felt like he was slowly slipping away from himself as his sense of self became more and more vague and out of reach.
Crowley held out a packet of papers to Gabriel.  His face, usually a mask of lighthearted mirth, fell a moment as he looked down at the papers in his hands.  He looked concerned and conflicted.  Castiel reached out to him with all of his being, silently pleading with him to not give them the okay.  He needed him to have faith.
“Alright,” she smiled at him, back to her coyness, “I’m going to go freshen up.”
“Thanks, sorry to disturb you.”
Castiel continued his meandering through the next wall and found himself looking down at Crowley, sitting behind a large desk and talking on his cellphone.  With a resigned smile, Castiel spoke to him, knowing he could not hear.
“I don’t know.  Maybe it’s some form of muscle memory, like your body remembers how to do certain things, some that require great skill, even when you haven’t practiced them in a long while.”
But nothing beat the fucking bees.
“Oh, right.  I’ve been meaning to drop in and see who was on top of me.”  She had a slightly smoky voice, low and seductive like a 50’s lounge singer.
“Dean, that’s enough,” Castiel growled at him.
“I’m not talking to you right now,” Dean said through gritted teeth and glaring at him.  “If you’d just go into the light, we wouldn’t be in this damned mess.”
Castiel’s anger had disappeared as quickly as it had come, and he was left feeling weary.  Although, he truly wanted to get to the bottom of why he was the way he was, it was becoming more difficult as the day wore on.  He was feeling physically spent, even without the body – he was weary down to his bones.
Dean’s smile fell off his face again and he frowned as he turned the key in the ignition.  Castiel went back to thinking about the encounter they’d just had and he looked out the side window at the house, imagining that the man was spying on them as they pulled away from the curb.  “What if I really was someone’s secret gay lover?” he mused out loud.  “Oh my God… I’m a homewrecker.”
“Ssh,” he stopped him gently as he pulled him back into his arms to kiss him once again, his hand against his cheek once more.
“Don’t worry,” the man told him when he finally looked up at him, “I’m not staying. I just wanted you to have your garden.”
“We have arrived sir,” I heard Ben say carefully. He once again opened the door for Castiel and I.
I thought to myself as I rinsed my hair with the sink water.
Very short chapter sorry I haven't updated in so long, but hope yall reading enjoy though!
Am I pathetic for liking a guy who only brings sadness upon my life? Maybe.
Dean raised one of his eyebrows at him, then walked over to the corner and retrieved the key.  He opened the door and Castiel followed him into the apartment.
“I’m not.”  Castiel tried to ignore his annoyance at Dean’s use of a shortened version of his name again.  Was it so hard to say Castiel?  He glanced at Dean again.  His hand was covering his face and rubbing at his forehead like he had a headache.  “You know, Dean, most people who deal with loss, find it helpful to talk about it.”
Rowena looked at him, and her heavily make-uped eyes softened as she did.  She put her hand on his cheek and smiled.  “Don’t worry about it, dear.”
“This.  Life,” he said gesturing to the children at play, “Life is precious, Dean.  This experience, it’s changed my view on so many things.  Family, happiness, love… I never really got to experience them for myself.  Regret I feel deeply though.  I was so busy making a living, I forgot to live my life.”  He turned his head to look at Dean standing beside him staring at him like he was weirdness incarnate. He would never know what it was to love and be loved by a man, by this man, who felt so deeply and completely.  “Too late now,” he said softly into the breeze, his words carried off to distant places where they could not be heard by anyone anyways.
“Hi, Dave, can we have a word please?”
“What are they doing here?” Castiel asked alarmed as he saw his nieces, “They’re supposed to be in school.”
“That makes no sense, I never met him before.”
Frustration turning to impulsive anger, Castiel moved forward to stand where Dean was without a thought for what to do beyond that.  The moment he did, he felt a strange resistance, not at all like when he had moved through objects, walls and other people even.  It was like he had suddenly found himself in a constraining, ill-fitting wetsuit with a mind of its own.  He could feel the resistance of Dean’s body and mind fighting his presence.  His arm through Dean’s arm like a sleeve, he applied his whole will to make him put the glass with the remaining alcohol back down on the bar.
Dean sat on the custom sofa that was built into the rounded bow window in the living room with books scattered and piled all around him.  He sat in the semi-dark, the only light coming from the kitchen, the city lights outside and the dozen candles the book in his hands had told him to light.  He sipped at his cup of hot coffee, the headache forming behind his right eye making him wish it was bourbon instead, but he had decided that he would do this thing sober and though he regretted that idea, along with the whole ridiculous séance B.S., he was determined to see it through.  Every time he’d seen the ghost he had been wasted, he needed to prove to himself that it wasn’t all a drunken hallucination.  He put the coffee cup back down on the closed book beside him and looked over the incantation he was supposed to be saying out loud.
His thoughts were interrupted when Gabriel came walking into the room.  “Oh, that’s funny!  I distinctly remember saying no running and no screaming.”
Dean sat down on the couch beside him.  “Don’t say that.  We’ll figure this out.  We got to keep grinding.  That’s how we win this.”
He settled back down onto his stool, the woman sitting down beside him.  Castiel went around Dean and put himself between them.  “Listen to me.  None of this is healthy.  Whatever comfort you feel in drinking alcohol and sleeping with… loose women, it’s fleeting.  You need to talk.”
“Dean,” Castiel said and he felt it inside like a flaming arrow melting his frozen heart and it thumped so loudly, he thought for sure the whole block could hear it.  “It’s okay.  Clearly, it’s what you both want.”  Dean’s brain struggled to catch up to what he was saying, what who both wanted?  “So, just go ahead.  I’m sorry I interrupted.”
“What does that look like?”
“Hey!  You are not backing out of this dinner, mister!  I have been cooking this damn lasagna for over an hour while the monsters just run rampant all over the house.  DO YOU HAVE TO DO THAT IN HERE?” Castiel pulled the phone away from his ear with a wince, “Go bug mommy you… rugrats.”  More excited squealing growing distant.  “I’m losing my mind here, tell me you’re on your way.”
Dean hurried to put down the bars on both the bed and the gurney.  He slid his arms under Castiel’s shoulders carefully, hyper aware of all the tubes and wires connected to his body and that could not be dislodged.
“We managed to figure out what happened to him.  Turns out you were right about him not being dead.”
“There are over sixteen thousand known species of bees,” Castiel suddenly said just when Dean was starting to think of him as no more than an oddly shaped lamp.
“The ambulance will be here in a moment.  Do you really want to explain to the EMTs how a man with no medical background was able to successfully do a thoracostomy with only rudimentary equipment?”  Castiel watched as Dean opened his mouth to respond, but then closed it again looking flustered.  “He’ll be fine.  Let’s go.”
“Hello,” Castiel answered, he did not know this doctor who was smiling down at him, his green eyes dancing as he looked at him, his brown hair disheveled.
“I don’t understand,” Castiel said, his forehead still wrinkled with his confusion.  Dean could feel his own insecurities trying to sway him, trying to stop him from going too far for him to save face if he was wrong.  “You married a woman… the neighbour downstairs… “
Dean conveyed the information as best he could to the people around him and then asked for the knife and vodka.  Castiel guided him again to find the spot between two ribs near the bottom of the chest.  Dean was doing well, following instructions, splashing vodka onto the skin without question, until Castiel asked him to take the knife.
Gabriel stared at her, his eyes wide, the breath knocked out of his chest.  “What?”
Castiel felt the pull of a smile tug at him. “Cas?”
.  As far as Dean was concerned, the drive could have gone on forever.  There was nothing that open miles of black top couldn’t fix.
“Do you happen to remember the guy they belonged to?”
“Get away from me!”
“Bed!  It’s late, and I need my four hours before we go.”
Dean laughed, filling the room with his happiness.  “Hell yeah.  But sleep first.”
He couldn’t even bring himself to wave at her, feelings of guilt and shame joining the cloud of sadness and loneliness that had been hanging over him for some time now.
He looked up at her in time to not be startled by the feel of her lips against his as she leaned over and captured his mouth in a searing kiss –
“Alright, chill,” Charlie pulled a small notepad out of her royal blue blazer’s inside pocket and unclipped the pen.  “So, when you saw this guy, were you drinking?”
“The largest bees are the female Megachile Pluto, they can measure up to 39 millimeters long.”
“Whoa,” Charlie said, and Dean dragged his stare away from Castiel to look at her again.  Her eyebrows were lost under her red bangs as she stared at him with perfectly round eyes.  “Wait a minute.  Are you in love with him?”
“He wasn’t going for it, what else was I supposed to do?” Dean growled.  He looked up to see that as invisible as he and Charlie had been bringing the gurney to Castiel’s room, his decking a doctor was not going unnoticed.
“Grab his legs,” he told Charlie.  He was gentle as he lifted him into his arms; his body underweight and frail. Even so, Dean only saw perfection.  Charlie guided his legs onto the gurney, and Dean set him back down.  He pulled his arms free and allowed himself a moment to caress his face gently; he was solid, rugged in his palm.  He looked up at Castiel’s spirit, caught up in the moment as he leaned his head to the side, his eyes closed as though he were leaning into Dean’s touch.
“Those are not the cheeks I’d be pinching,” Meg said, cocking an eyebrow his way.
“Good.  ‘Cause this guy, I gotta tell ya, I think he’s perfect for you.”  The sound of the oven door squeaking closed.
Dean stomped off towards the kitchen to try to cool off.  He leaned his hands against the island counter, his shoulders hunched.  Every muscle in his back and arms was tense from trying to control the swell of anger that had come out of seemingly nowhere.  It took him a moment to realize that Sam had followed him and was back to shuffling the deck of oracle cards slowly as he leaned back against the main counter beside the fridge.
Dean sat on the edge of the couch, elbows resting on his knees, face pressed into his hands.
Dean frowned, why was that familiar?  He looked down at the coffee cup and saw again the childish hand painted designs around the colourful squiggly letters that spelled out the man’s name.  “Wait.  You had to read that.  You don’t even remember your own name, do you?” he said as he took a step around the coffee table and towards the spirit that was looking less and less intimidating.
Thank you to my amazing Beta readers, Caged_Heat_40, Wisdom_of_Insanity, and Julia_Houston... This story would not be what it is without all your help and input.
The hallway was empty.  Dean narrowed his eyes, what new game was this?  He made his way down the hall towards the main room; eyes and ears at attention in case he decided to just jump out from behind the half-embedded timber beams or closed doors.  He made it all the way into the kitchen, and still no sign of him.  Maybe he had left after all.  “Ha,” he muttered under his breath as he pulled open the fridge door in victory.
Dean shifted uncomfortably, “I think it’s pretty obvious.  It’s ‘cause I’m cursed.  Can’t you just leave me alone?  Why do you have to ghost stalk me now?  You got your apartment like you wanted, but instead you’re here.”
Dean almost cringed from the cheesiness of the line, but he had meant it.  There was something about Castiel that called out to him, and there was very little else Dean wanted to do but answer that call.  He wasn’t so blind to what was happening to him as he had been at first.  He was falling for Castiel.  Maybe it was already too late for his poor heart.
Castiel’s face broke into a wide smile as he looked up at Dean with wonder scintillating in his eyes and a deep chuckle escaped through his lips and warmed the pit of Dean’s stomach.  Castiel shook his head slowly, “Those things all sound nice, but it’s not what I want most.”
His booted footsteps echoed in the empty room, no amount of furniture or garish artwork on the walls could ever make that place feel like anything but an empty cavern.  He had made his way to the TV area, its boundaries defined by a contemporary style, red couch, a low metal and glass coffee table, and a blue area rug, the whole thing was lit by a downright terrifying floor lamp designed to look like the Pixar desk lamp… He quietly named it Godzilla.
“That’s great!”
“Bees can be found on every continent, except Antarctica, and in every habitat on the planet that has insect-pollinated…”
“I’ve been here before.”
“Yeah?  Well what’s the right answer then, jackass?”
“Listen buddy, I ain’t buying what you’re selling, okay?  So, who are you really?  You know what?  Scratch that, I don’t care who you are, just get the hell out!”
Jody cracked a surprised smile, her eyebrows dancing through a series of expressions before settling more neutrally as she nodded.  “I don’t mean to pry; I just find it unlikely that you’re Castiel’s boyfriend.”
“Gabriel, please, just listen—”
“I think I hit my head,” he said, the words scraping his raw throat and beating against his skull.
“You’re not dumb, Dean,” Castiel said as he looked at him.  “A little lazy, maybe.  Cute, but lazy.”
“Damnit,” Dean mumbled under his breath as the match in his hand burned right up to his fingers without him realizing.  He shook it out to extinguish it before looking at his red fingertips and sticking them in his mouth like a toddler.
“Damsel?  I am not a damsel in distress.”
Castiel walked slowly, marvelling at the beauty that had miraculously sprouted on his roof.  As he approached the spiral centre of the deck, he realized that he wasn’t alone in this dreamland.  A man stood with his back to him, bent over at the waist as he worked a trowel in one of the larger pots. He straightened up and turned and Castiel recognized the man from the hospital at the same time that his eyes found him. He put the trowel down and started walking towards him, removing his gloves and tucking them into the back pocket of his jeans.  Castiel felt that uneasiness take hold of him like it had at the hospital, prickling his scalp.
