This was a good way to cap off the breakfast she’d just had, pun intended.
“You and I know that,” Tony allowed, tilting his head as if to concede the point. “The kid didn’t.”
Which was what they needed to do right now.
She had a promise to keep.
Just as a mutual understanding existed between her and Thor, that the Thunder God would not storm her with his boisterous hugs without any warning.
As he kissed her, he did so knowing that he was with the only woman he ever wanted to kiss for the rest of his entire life.
“I always knew what I wanted,” the man stated almost arrogantly, and Steve had to resist the impulse to pull Tony behind him when Cole stepped closer. “I still do, actually. What are you doing tomorrow night?”
As elusive as her own misgivings had been in her mind, a thought suddenly struck Toni with all the force of a nuclear missile; and she would know. All at once, she wondered why it had taken her this long to realize what should have been devastatingly clear from the start.
“Okay,” she acknowledged a little hollowly. “I understand.”
Knowing that JARVIS would offer him no more insights – not until he was satisfied that Toni was no longer going to be hurt by Steve – the super soldier began systematically checking the Tower, wrestling against the urge to go back to the lab and have it out with Howard again, because priorities. Peter was with her, so that ruled out the labs, she wasn’t in their bedroom, or in the room she’d had built for Peter on their floor, she wasn’t in the gym or the communal floor, she wasn’t on Steve’s old floor…
. If she ever did, Rhodey would drop whatever it was and stay, no questions asked. She wasn’t sure when exactly that promise had been made between them – because certainly, it went both ways – but they’d honored it religiously ever since.
failed.
Sure enough though, another missile greyed out before his eyes, and Steve fought to keep his voice steady as he relayed the news.
It took conscious effort to uncurl his fists when he realized he’d clenched them. “Maybe she’s tired. You shouldn’t bother her.” Then, without much thought to the words outside of trying to divert Bucky’s attention, he added, “Why don’t you go ask Peggy for a dance? I’m sure you’ll be able to charm her into it.”
She was a genius, his genius, and for the love of everything good and pure in the world, he was going to marry her tomorrow if she managed to pull this off.
“You’re right,” he rasped, taking a different approach to his usual one and feeling his heart break a little more when his lover only flinched slightly in acceptance. “Peter saw you knock your father flat on his ass. Peter will live the rest of his life knowing you’re capable of that.” Pausing deliberately, he gently urged her face up to look at him. Only when he was sure she was listening, did he continue. “He will live the rest of his life knowing that you’re capable of taking on anyone, even your own father, in order to stand up for him. He will live the rest of his life knowing that there is
“No means no.” She turned her glare towards her lover, but Toni was resigned to the fact that Steve was probably immune to it by now. “Look, I’m here, aren’t I?” Demonstratively, she pointed at her arm, where Kevin-the-paramedic was cleaning the blood and debris from the gouge that the beam had made through her flesh. “If somebody would be so kind as to stitch this thing up for me, I can be in the air in twenty minutes. Half an hour on the outside.”
Tony had always had a gift; a certain predisposition; for processing large quantities of data at a speed not even matched by the most advanced of supercomputers.
“God, Steve, please…” Tony mumbled mindlessly, head falling back to rest on Steve’s shoulder as the super soldier busied himself sucking another mark into the inventor’s skin. “I… I need…”
As soon as the thought materialized in his head, he knew that he had to tell her the words, not just think them. He had screwed things up in the worst way, he hadn’t
He had no sooner felt himself begin to fall, a stretch too far away from the other side, before strong, cool arms encircled his waist and he was shooting upwards once again, away from the awful heat.
Toni Stark was not Mother Material.
It was still ugly and invasive and terrible, though, she stuck by that perception (Shut up, Steve).
It wasn’t like things had fallen seamlessly into place after her terrifying little epiphany. In fact, it was quite the opposite, although Toni maintained that it was as much Steve’s fault as it was her own. For roughly ten weeks after that morning, they’d danced around each other, Toni spending more and more hours in the workshop to avoid spending too much time with him, and Steve retaliating by making sure that they barely even crossed paths with each in the tower.
“Stevie.”
“I’m not with Ryan,” he said, somewhat weakly, as if it were the only words he could manage. Steve blinked in confusion, both at the words themselves, and its apparent meaning. Without prompting, Tony elaborated. “Coleman and I aren’t dating.”
“Toni?” Her name left his lips in an incredulous, worried sounding tone, and as she whirled around to look at him, the motion seemed to trigger a bout of dizziness. Steve shot forward the moment he saw her eyes roll to the back of her head – a more terrifying sight he’d yet to see, and he was on the frontlines of war – and just barely managed to get his arms around her so that she didn’t hit the floor as she fell. “Christ, Toni, fuck, c’mon sweetheart,” he muttered mindlessly, fear making him go cold all over as he brushed back hair from her face and tried to gently tap her cheek and get her back into wakefulness. “Show me those pretty brown eyes, would ya darlin’?” he pleaded softly, trying to push past his panic to get to reason.
“Go,” she shooed him away weakly, dragging the quilt at the end of her bed up to cover her knees. “I’ll wait. Don’t worry.”
Perhaps the look on his face was answer enough, because Rhodes frowned and guessed shrewdly, “You didn’t know?”
As she grabbed a bunch of papers and a few gadgets, she spoke. “Counter-offer: I’ll convince Dad to fly you guys out; second best, I know, but what can you do; and I’ll send in a prototype I’ve been working on to provide some additional artillery support to the good Captain. No guarantees of how successful it’ll be, but better to have a watch at your back than nothing at all.”
Bruce had never thought that he would ever reach a point in his life where he saw the Hulk as anything more than shameful evidence of his failure.
Steve watched through anguished, tear-filled eyes as the silver shot across his vision, plucking Bucky right out of his freefall and flailing dangerously, just for a single, heart-stopping moment, before it was zipping back up to where he was clinging to the side of the train.
Red crept up Steve’s cheeks, but he forced himself to answer. “Whoever you were with that wasn’t me.”
Hope you guys enjoyed this one!
“How dare you, I’ll have you know that I am a delight, Banner,” she returned mock haughtily, focusing on the banter rather than focusing on the pain that was only getting increasingly persistent the longer she was down there. “I can recall three separate instances where you…”
Swallowing around her suddenly dry throat, she yanked the wire in her hands viciously. “Leave Steve out of this,” she demanded in a low voice.
“Oh, look!” A sleazy voice called out, and Tony had to wonder to himself whether people had to meet a certain criteria of having slimy sounding voices in order to be a bad guy. And if so, who would conduct that interview? Before he could think any longer on it, the voice was continuing, “We have a guest. Say hello, Captain.”
Toni might laugh at him later, for the sentiment, but Steve didn’t care. He wasn’t going to take any shortcuts making sure that the genius knew she was the love of his entire existence.
bullying was wrong. You said not to let people bully other people, and you said that it was
As the guys began to heckle Hodge, Steve noticed the USO girls lining up to take the stage again, and gratefully made his escape. He heard it when the men’s attention shifted back to the dancers and he shook off the stage aide’s comforting words in an attempt to catch Stark before she invariably disappeared.
Steve, to his surprise, didn’t rebuke him for the attitude. “Sorry, love,” he apologized instead, somehow managing to sound teasingly contrite. “Just trying to drive the point home.”
enemies. His rivals? Oh, fuck, Tony had rivals. He had thought that he’d left that all behind the day he’d turned his back on his father and Stark Industries.
Until Steve’s phone suddenly blared, ringing shrilly in the otherwise empty apartment.
“Working through lunch? Maybe you picked up a little more from me than I thought.”
It didn’t bode well for her current state of mind.
He didn’t have much time to dwell on it before Howard Stark was approaching them, Toni hurrying off in the opposite direction looking determined and steady. She was, he guessed, going to secure the prototype she’d been working on.
He didn’t particularly care who it was, he just fully intended on kicking their asses right back.
If she was infallible, there was less of a chance that people would try to take advantage of her. They took a lot more shots, of course; there was some deeply rooted instinct in people that seemed to take a thrill out of trying to take down anything that didn’t seem possible to destroy; but people rarely tried to take her for a ride, which had proven invaluable when she’d first stepped up and taken over SI.
There will be more incoming in this 'verse (next up is a prompted fic for FrozenFlame) so stay tuned if you'd like to see more of them!
And seen, after several hours and a battle against tears, the opening she’d have given the man to attack her king. The weak spot. The game would’ve been over in six moves, possibly less.
That is, until Toni closed the gap between them and kissed him.
“Mommy!”
Not only had the man, reticent around everyone except Steve, allowed Toni to work on his arm and then eventually replace the bulky, HYDRA-made model, but he also willingly ventured into the genius’ workshop on an almost daily basis simply for conversation. The two could talk for hours about cars or mechanics, and according to Bucky, Toni was the best person among them to ask for help transitioning to all the new technology and era developments. It had been difficult not to be wary at first, and indeed, he’d had several moments where he’d wanted nothing more than to duke it out with his best friend, history notwithstanding, but in time, Steve had managed to look past his jealousy. He’d seen Bucky smiling and laughing and being more himself than he had been in decades. He’d seen Toni come to grips with the past and let it go, in favour of a future. He’d seen two of his favourite people become thick as thieves, and with the help of Nat, realized that they had done it because of him.
And then, finally, they reached the top.
“Toni, what the hell was that?” he demanded, but the usual bite of command in his tone was replaced by something fearful and almost pleading. Oddly, the change seemed to work in his favour, because where the genius normally bristled whenever he used that tone, now she looked vaguely touched and definitely remorseful.
After giving them their orders, he set off to find his best friend, daring to fuel the hope he’d sustained that Bucky had survived the capture and apparent torture. Tangling with a group of guards, Steve relied on adrenaline and willpower to fight his way through, but as it turned out, he had a bit more than that.
“Hey, Shellhead,” he greeted with a smile as he sat next to Iron Man. They still hadn’t exchanged names, but remarkably, Steve didn’t feel a need to, anymore. He knew Shellhead the same as he knew his other friends, and the soldier in the armor knew him, and that was enough for him to trust. Surprisingly enough. “That was some fancy flying over there. Will you be able to fly back to base or are you hitching a ride with us?”
For someone who had grown up alone, even surrounded by people, this new family meant more than the entire world to Natasha. She had a place here. A meaning and a belonging. It was beautiful and wonderful and nothing she’d ever experienced could compare to it.
A problem for a later day, she decided, as she heard the clink of glass against glass. She could guess what was happening here.
Choose between listening and not? Choose between who she was and who she would never be? It didn’t matter. It was still a choice, either way, and Steve had sworn, the very first time she’d smiled at him, that he would never be the reason that Toni changed any part of herself unwillingly.
Unlocking his phone, he scanned the text quickly and breathed a sigh of relief, both because it was nothing to do with Peter, and because of the information Nat had passed on.
Eight years ago, back when his mother had been alive and Tony had been a normal, healthy 19-year-old, designing and building weaponry of this caliber, lethal and ruthless, wouldn’t have made him so much as bat an eyelid. He’d been so young; so starry-eyed and naïve, though at the time it would have been laughable to apply either of those monikers to him. But it was true. He’d been trusting and innocent enough to believe that the weapons he was developing was solely for the use of the US military, and that he was helping to protect the people. Like the company line, protect America and Her interests. Give soldiers a better chance to come home to their families. Achieve peace, someday, even.
“I thought about sending in the suit alone, but artificial intelligence is still a bit of a ways away,” he replied around what Steve was sure was another grin. “Look, from the sounds of it, there’s a revolution going on outside that nobody invited me to, so I’m going to crash that. Path seems clear for you to find James now. I’ll be back.”
Love had come after Clint had introduced her to his family for the first time. It had been a gradual thing, creeping up on her before she’d realized it and for all that it had taken a while, it had still somehow been quick enough to keep her from preventing it. Stealthy, sneaky thing that it was.
It took a great deal more effort than Steve anticipated it would, to force the question from numb lips.
He whistled, low and sympathetic, when he unwrapped the tape and caught sight of the bruised mess that was Steve’s knuckles. “Really did a number on yourself here, Captain,” he commented quietly, those clever and nimble fingers translating well into caretaker as he soaked a cotton ball in anti-septic and gently swiped it over the cuts. He blew across it lightly, a tender act meant to ease the sting, and it worked as intended; soothing both the sting of the alcohol and the sting to Steve’s pride that had been festering since that night. “The healing factor’s already kicking in,” Tony added, as if reassurance about his knuckles was what Steve needed. “You probably won’t even need it, but I’m gonna wrap it anyway…”
Steve didn’t think any further than that point before he burst out. “What the fuck were you thinking? Were you thinking at all? Or did you just get bored and decide to spice things up a little?”
“Just a training session,” he assured her softly. In truth, they both knew that he would say exactly that, whether his call to return was dangerous or not, and dimly, Toni could appreciate his natural inclination to keep her from worry.
“I’m sorry, Mom,” she breathed inaudibly, pressing numb, shaking fingertips against the cold plaque and tracing over the engraving. “I’m so sorry.”
The super soldier geared himself up for an apology, but then… “Why did you get out of the suit?” The words, though not at all what he’d intended to say, were at least spoken with soft curiosity instead of hard accusation.
For the first time, a smile flickered across Clint’s face. Hadn’t he said that she was his lifeline and savior and angel?
“Like Steve.”
“Oh, all the time,” he eventually answered, ignoring the shouting and chaos around him as his fellow rescuers worked double time to rig the safety harness for them. Tears dripped from his eyes but Steve couldn’t have cared less if he’d tried. “Jus’ been waitin’ for some beautiful brunette to come around and take my breath away.”
Dismissing it uneasily, he followed Tony out of the lab, allowing the brunet’s incessant chatter to sooth his mind and his confusing feelings. The walk outside had definitely been a good idea; the crisp nighttime air combined with great company and peace in the city that he loved made for an effective distraction from what had knocked him all the way off-kilter since hearing that Tony had had feelings for him.
The words took all the hot wind from Steve’s sails. He slumped slightly in place and without his anger as a buffer, the pain and hurt and regret steamrolled him all at once.
And so it had become her own personal mission to answer that question, aided by the Avengers Initiative taking shape after the battle of New York. It had been part of the reason why she’d eventually trailed into the Avengers Tower a few weeks after Clint, and incidentally, also what had given her the chance to fix the mistaken snap-judgement she’d made against the billionaire.
But then, Bruce had never anticipated meeting someone like Toni Stark.
Erskine grinned at him, Philips was muttering something, even Agent Carter was smiling slightly… but for some reason, it was Stark’s muted huff of surprised laughter that lit a small spark in his chest. Brought him down from the adrenaline spike. Shifting his gaze to her in that moment was the only reason that he caught the little exchange between the inventor and his commanding officer.
So, instead of giving in to her desire to say the word, Toni murmured a familiar phrase. “Maybe next time, honeybear.”
It hit him all over again; the astounding bravery that he’d marveled over so many times, for the soldier in the suit who had followed him into the heart of the fire on nothing more than his word and a desire to fight the good fight? It amplified tenfold when he realized that Toni had been the one at his side, and done so at the risk of her own health.
…” Stark whispered, the word punched out from her gut as she scrambled to the scientist. Seeing that she was up and moving made relief crush Steve’s chest like a rockslide, but it turned smothering when he realized that there was a distinct bullet hole right over Erskine’s heart. “C’mon, Abraham, don’t you do this, not now, don’t do this to me,” Toni was muttering, seemingly without even knowing it.
“You’ve certainly told them often enough.” But the words were accompanied by a smile that Toni felt against her skin. The billionaire found herself grinning in response, although she huffed a sigh in order to maintain her point.
Some – closer to most – in his team would probably have been surprised to find that the Thunder God did, in fact, possess some level of volume control. Granted, it was a skill that he’d been made to learn after their esteemed leaders had adopted their son, and it was still something that he had to consciously practice, but he was doing much better with it. He took special care, especially in times like this, not taking lightly to his sworn duty to watch over the little one. The boy had much to be protected from, although Thor was regretful that such a harsh battle as this one had to be fought by one as young as Peter. He had been much older, himself, the first time he’d ever had cause to fear the loss of one of his beloved parents, and though Peter hadn’t been made explicitly aware of the direness of the situation, the Norse God could tell that there was some level of understanding present.
“And HYDRA is a lot of things, but sloppy isn’t one of them,” Steve concluded, nodding to show that he saw where her line of thought was going. He rubbed a finger over his jaw, a surefire sign that his mind was at work. “We haven’t seen any traps of any kind; haven’t seen any sign of human habitation either, come to it.”
The barrel of his gun still smoked as the goons swiveled around to face him with eyes like saucers. By the time they drew their weapons, the nanotech from his watch was completely activated and covered his arm and chest in flipping panels of a gold-titanium alloy, while blue the same shade of the arc radiated with a high-pitched whine from the middle of his palm. His stance was military but his eyes were something else entirely; shrouded with the danger that came from threatening someone he loved.
Steve told her softly, love and softness in his voice that suddenly seemed like enough to fight against her current situation.
The blond patiently waited for the reprimand to see its natural conclusion, switching off because there was simply no chance that he was going to heed whatever Bucky was telling him. These sleepless nights with Tony was one of the best parts of this century, as weird as it might have sounded, and Steve wasn’t about to give them up for something as banal as sleep. Besides, he napped sometimes, didn’t he? That was good enough.
All he managed to catch was a fleeting glimpse before she disappeared into a large tent.
Even so, while it was being offered, Bucky couldn’t help reaching out for it. Reveling in it and taking comfort from it. For the longest time, he’d waited for the other shoe to drop, so to speak, since it had been a while since he’d been able to trust in something solid. But he could remember with crystal clear clarity the day that the last of his uncertainty and reservations had been broken down by the genius herself…
Before she could react, the child himself was scrambling around her and glaring up at Howard with all the ferocity that a self-righteous four year old could possibly muster. “You’re a bully!” he yelled at her father, with a conviction that reminded her numbly of Steve. She could only gape at him as he launched into his tirade. “You’re a big, mean bully, and you’re not s’posed to hit girls, not
A flash of silver almost invisible with its speed and the shock of white snow everywhere.
Tony was no passive participant, and as he swiped a thumb against the spot just underneath Steve’s ear, the super soldier groaned, standing up in a quick motion and pulling Tony with him. Ceaselessly sexy, the genius instinctively wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, and they could only hope that none of the team was hoping to use the gym today because they certainly weren’t going to make it to a bed.
not Howard.
And she didn’t mind it in the least.
“What?” Tony asked, perplexed, looking like those were the last words he’d expected to come out of Steve’s mouth. Which probably wasn’t entirely off-base. “Steve, I… what are you talking about?”
A better person might have accepted that with grace, but Toni had never claimed to be particularly saintly. “I could’ve told you that. And did,” she reminded him, smirking when his only response was to roll his eyes. “Next time, will you trust me when I tell you that I can trace the time and output of any energy usage?”
Steve knew, all at once and with crystal clear clarity, that he couldn’t stop Toni from going after them. It would be entirely the wrong move, not only because he would be standing in the way of her and their son, in Toni’s eyes, but also because he’d be doing the one thing he always promised himself he would never do to her.
Steve’s eyes fell shut as the words drifted to settle into his heart. He pressed his forehead to hers, no longer stunned at the way this woman seemed to be able to bring him to his knees with little more than a word.
“Not your fault, Steve,” Howard waved his words away, a look of angry disdain twisting his features into something unpleasant. “Toni’s been a problem since childhood that I could never quite fix. I’m not surprised she grew up to be the kind of fuck-up I knew she would be.”
Toni knew that without needing to be told. No matter whether they had something as small as a difference of opinion, or as big as a blowout fight, Steve never dismissed her thoughts and feelings, and it helped to know that he was being on guard while he was out there. It didn’t take away that horrible feeling, but it helped.
“There’s no repayment necessary,” she told the woman firmly, shifting Maico in her arms so that the strain lessened on her aching muscles. “You have a wonderful son, and I’m just grateful I could return him to you.”
They worked in tandem, a smooth partnership that was oddly reminiscent of when they’d been kids. Renewed vigor pushing him, Steve barely felt the time before they finally broke the surface, and something resembling a vertical tunnel opened up. It would be tight, coming back up, but it was clear enough to Steve to be lowered down and bring Toni back up.
He carried her back to her tent and if anyone had seen or called out something to either of them, then Steve wouldn’t have known either way. By the time he laid her on the bed, Toni looked a lot more like herself, blessed color reentering her cheeks and awareness sharpening her eyes to hazel once more.
Toni knew that she was rocking Peter, rocking them both, back and forth as she ran hands over Peter’s hair and face, as if to make sure that he was okay, as if he’d been the one in danger. She knew that a soft stream of Italian was slipping from her tongue that neither of her boys would have a hope of understanding; a sign of agitation that had rarely surfaced since she’d mastered self-control. She even knew that Steve was a solid presence next to her, occasionally running his hand down Peter’s back and keeping an arm wrapped around her despite the awkward position. What she didn’t know was that she was crying; tears flowing like rivulets down her cheek; until Steve’s achingly gentle fingers brushed them away, drawing her attention to it.
Forcing himself to push past the pain, Tony realized three things; the first was that the weird voice guy – christened temporarily as Slime Man – was talking again, and telling Steve that this was just the beginning of what he was going to watch them do to “The Captain’s little pet”. And okay, rude.
A brief smile flickered across her lips, but it was bittersweet. “Not technically,” she hedged.
The man must have made a move towards him, because suddenly Steve was snarling, voice infused with such barely-leashed fury that Tony’s mouth dried. “If you touch him – if you make a single move on him – I swear, I will personally mount your head on a fucking pike.”
“One at a time!” he ordered Bucky, heart in his throat as he watched his unsteady pseudo brother cross the beam to the other side. To safety.
Avoiding everyone’s eyes, Toni followed Coulson out without a word, unsure how to express her immense gratitude or the reason for it.
He was free.
She arched languidly as Steve pressed closer to her, still mouthing at her neck. Every so often, the scrape of his teeth would send little shockwaves zinging through her body, followed by lazy contentment as he laid openmouthed kisses over the sting, suckling his apology. At some point, her hand had drifted to join his against her abdomen, fingers tangled together as she held on to him.
“What are you trying to say, then, Steve?” Tony asked, and all the argumentativeness was lost from his voice. He sounded weary, instead, like he was tired of Steve saying things he didn’t want to hear.
He still remembered the day that he’d realized how far he’d come – how much he’d gained – and per usual, Toni was right in the middle of that epiphany…
Steve’s soft voice had the instantaneous reaction of soothing her, like a wave of calm descending upon her. JARVIS must have alerted the Captain before patching her through, and Toni was grateful because she wasn’t sure she could have started the conversation this time around.
Telegraphing his motions carefully, Steve took her shoulders in gentle hands. “Yes, you are, darling,” he told her softly, braced for the flash of wild temper in whiskey coloured eyes and waylaying it with a press of his lips to her forehead. “You have to find Peter. You need to get him. Let me handle this while you find our son.” It seemed like a lot, asking her to trust him one more time, but Toni didn’t seem to think so. Her eyes lost some of its distance; her countenance, some of its ice.
It wasn’t as simple as that, and Toni got the feeling that all three of them would need some help in the coming weeks, but it was all she could do right then. And she thought it might have been enough, when Steve nodded once in acceptance and tucked her into his chest so that both her and Peter were safe in his embrace.
But the promise was a sacred and precious thing between them, which was why they only used it sparingly. Toni couldn’t bring herself to take advantage of it, especially when it could create a precedent for herself; there was the distinct risk that she wouldn’t let Rhodey leave for a mission again. Which wouldn’t have been fair to him, and Toni couldn’t have asked him to.
For those of you who were looking forward to some Clint and Nat in this chapter, I do sincerely apologize, but I promise they will have some generous word-space in the next chapter! I've already got it mapped out, so stay tuned for it!
She’d long since powered the suit, and effectively JARVIS, down, wanting to conserve power now that she was being forced to use the backup. The darkness, at least, was combated by her arc, and as much as she hated the thing, she had to admit that this was another in a long string of instances wherein the stupid thing had saved her ass.
In fact, she’d been just shy of fifteenth birthday when a couple of guys, hired to kidnap her, had blindsided her coming off campus. She’d fought them off, sure, but that had been the first time that Jim had realized the true extent of the danger that Toni had been forced to grow up with and live with. He’d been aghast when he’d opened his door to a bruised and battered little Stark, but that was nothing compared to what he felt when she’d faced his inquiries with little more than a shrug and a dismissive response. As though it were nothing to be taken seriously because she’d
That was what was bothering him, Steve was sure of it. The fact that there’d, at some point, been a secret between them.
She’d clip him over the head if he ever gave voice to the sentiment, but Bucky owed Toni more than he thought he could ever really repay.
The biggest mob boss this side of the equator? The vigilante type, justice seeking, skirt-the-line-between-light-and-dark mob boss that struck fear into the heart of every man who committed any infraction against the people?
The simple request was met with a lazy, languid kiss. There was another apology embedded in it; a promise, too, mixed with gratitude and the faintest hint of contentment. It made her toes curl and Toni couldn’t help pressing against Steve, smirking when he growled at the subtle rock of her hips.
“What’s that?”
He didn’t know what the fuck was going on, but those lines that were
And that last one made a lot more sense as Tony stepped out of his armor.
Tony laughed, and where his eyes had been dimmed with badly concealed worry, they were now sparkling in delight. “It’s almost 3am,” he pointed out in amusement, even as he stood and threw his pencil on the desk, where a half-finished design lay abandoned. Almost immediately, DUM-E rolled to him with a series of happy whirs, making Tony roll his eyes affectionately before reaching out to pat the bot placatingly. “Where are we gonna find chocolate ice-cream with sprinkles?”
“Toni?” he called softly, after clearing his throat. Though there was light streaming out from the bottom flap of the tent, indicating that she was awake, Steve still let out an inaudible breath of relief when he heard the sounds of shuffling coming closer.
Of course, he’d been right on both counts. Toni and Steve had gotten together in spectacular fashions and epic proportions, and later, the once purportedly cold and immovable Toni Stark had been bowled over by the little boy that she claimed as her own son. Hawkeye really never missed a trick, but unfortunately, for as fantastic as his vision was, Clint didn’t have the ability to peer into the future.
And Toni was that. She was his family.
Rhodey had known from the moment the rubble had exploded behind him, that Toni wasn’t in the suit.
Her miniature ramble cut off abruptly with Steve slamming his lips against hers. He couldn’t help himself; while his intention had been purely to check on his girlfriend before retiring to sleep, his plan was shot to hell the moment she sent him that smile, looking so beautiful and incredible and being alright after what she’d done, after what she’d put herself through today… he was hit all at once with how amazing of a woman he’d somehow been gifted with. The idea of not having her right that moment, not being smart enough to claim and hold on to her with both hands gripping tight, was completely unacceptable to him. His vision was filled with her and his mind, consumed, and there was no way he was going to be able to go another moment without having everything with her.
She could picture the archer’s flinch as clearly as if he were right in front of her.
Taking a calming breath of her own, Toni rested her head against his chest. “Bed,” she decided finally, knowing she’d made the right choice when Steve’s arms tightened around her. After all, she could finish the prototype of Peter’s suit (designed solely to protect, and activated by her or Steve’s command only) in the morning. “Let’s go to bed. In a minute.”
And, more recently, being a mother.
Her breathing hitched as Steve’s hand untangled from hers to skim down her body, until his thumb was teasing the waistband of her lacy panties. He changed direction suddenly, cupping the inside of her knee and lifting just high enough to slip his leg in between hers. Pleasure burst inside of her as his thigh pressed against her core and Toni rocked shamelessly against him as the thin lace began to soak up her arousal. A whine slipped from her lips when Steve met her rocking hips with his. Slid his hand up underneath her t-shirt to cup her breast.
She didn’t realize she’d begun to tremble slightly, until Bucky spoke. “Do you want me to get Steve?” he asked softly, so gently that it made irrational emotion surge in her chest.
And taking it as a win when his genius didn’t tense or move away.
An almost hysterical laugh bubbled up in her throat; who would have thought that the first person to stand up to her father for her, would be a goddamn four year old?
By the time he found her first aid supplies, she’d managed to rinse off most of the blood with a wet cloth procured from the tiny kitchenette, and this time, Steve did avert his eyes. Staunchly ignoring the amused little smile on her face, he dug out bandages, gauze, a needle and some surgical thread.
No. It was still his. It had to be, because…
, God…”
. For the rest of his life, my son will know that I’m capable of something like that, and he’s never going to know if I’ll turn it on him. I’m worse than my father, because at least he let me know young that he wasn’t afraid to knock me around. Peter will have to live with the uncertainty.”
Even if he had been able to private, home lessons, there had also been the simple fact that they were meant to be under the radar. Nobody outside of Nat knew about his family and where they lived, because even one person knowing could put them all in jeopardy, and that wasn’t a chance that Clint had been willing to take.
“You want me,” Bucky started incredulously, eyes widened slightly, “to go ask the dame you have eyes for, to go dancin’ with me?” He huffed a laugh, sounding like he was trying to tell Steve something that he just wasn’t hearing. After a moment of silence, in which his best friend looked at his expectantly and the super soldier just shrugged in response, Bucky rolled his eyes in disbelief. “You’re even further gone for her than I thought.” And before Steve could snap, ask just what he meant by that, Bucky continued, “Okay, well, you have fun figuring everything out with Agent Carter. I’m gonna go spend the night with the smartest and most beautiful dame this city has to offer. Maybe the morning, too,” he added with a salacious grin that normally would have had Steve shaking his head in fond exasperation.
No. Not a soldier. Toni.
Maybe it was the frankness of her answer, or maybe it was his own relief staggering him, but Bucky wordlessly switched the Quinjet to autopilot, shifted in place, and gathered her close to his chest. It was different from Steve’s hugs, and yet also different from Rhodey’s; Bucky had claimed a category entirely his own in her heart, and had since the day he’d come to the tower. In her less guarded moments, usually softened by sleepiness, Toni sometimes imagined he was a mix of best friend and brother-in-law, but suffice to say, that thought had never seen the light of day.
He managed the barest hint of a smile and handed the phone off, undamaged, to Pepper, while Bruce explained to her how Toni had gotten in contact with them. He saw relief and hope take the place of the anguish that was previously dominant on the woman’s face as she fought back tears.
From the very first moment they’d met on that helicarrier, with a homicidal Norse God on board with them that was intent on screwing with all their heads, Bruce had been struck with a singular notion: Toni Stark was an unstoppable force of nature. She was unapologetically herself and in so doing, invited people to be the same. To be themselves. Certainly, she’d done that much for him, which was saying a lot, considering that Bruce had once lived with the sole purpose of not being himself.
And it was that thought; that isolated image in Steve’s mind of Toni being approached by suitors of all sorts who wanted to court her, probably without even appreciating how amazing she was, probably just so that they could have a piece of her, a slice of heaven that they didn’t deserve; that finally obliterated any rational part of his brain that favored logic. All that was left was the primal part of himself that Steve had been steadfastly ignoring for weeks.
Also, I felt a little bad about the cliffie and didn't want to leave you guys hanging for too long XD Hope everyone enjoys! <3
She needed to be the one to tell Clint.
“I wouldn’t worry about that, Cap,” Toni eventually answered, finally looking at him, and even though her eyes were guarded, there was a measure of pleased approval in her face that told him she was still on his side. It meant more to Steve than he wanted to acknowledge. “Carter and I tend to wreak havoc at the lab just for the sake of a laugh.”
In the next second, Steve had a knife against his throat.
He returned her smile, shaking his head fondly at the familiar words and gesture, but started toward the tent entrance to see who needed what from him this early in the morning.
He spoke gravely, the words simple and unadorned, and yet it touched Toni deeply in its straightforwardness. Pride and the spirit of a Norse God made Thor equally averse to admitting things like fear or weakness, and that in itself told the genius enough about how much he cared for her; as if she’d needed a reminder.
By the time they got to the communal kitchen – wordlessly taking the stairs to avoid the possibility of running into Howard – they could hear the chatter of some of the other Avengers. Clint was loudly bemoaning the lack of sugar cookies, presumably to Natasha since Bruce had been holed up in his lab with sensitive experiments all week and Thor had been with Jane for the past three days, and in turn, the Russian was muttering under her breath at him, something Steve was sure wasn’t flattering.
For the duration of their relationship, Tony had never felt less than immeasurably special, but that feeling of being cherished took on a whole new meaning for him in that moment.
Toni laughed thickly even as another wave of emotion flooded through her. She was grateful for the clouds that covered the vast majority of the night sky, because she was pretty sure that the starlight would have made the tear that fell down her cheek glisten ostentatiously. As it were, Nat was the only one that felt it soak into her shoulder, and her only response was to hold on to Toni tighter, a wordless commiseration of the fluctuating feelings that came from a close call like this one.
This was no time for him to fall apart. He had to plan, he had to figure out how he was going to save Steve, there were only three hours to strategize before he had to go to, presumably, Carbonell Tech…
Pissed as he may have been, Rhodes wasn’t about to leave the obviously stoned girl with those sleazebags.
She hadn’t removed her tear ducts, she hadn’t been created by her father to be the most highly functioning robot in existence, and she certainly wasn’t just inherently a sociopath.
She wished for nothing more than Steve right now, but her lover was all the way in New York.
So she was going to come at this with everything she had. She was going to be the best mother that she knew how to be, and she was going to learn on the fly when she needed to, because this job had been given – entrusted – to her, and Toni wasn’t prepared to be anything less than the best.
And maybe that had been too much to ask for, because in the next moment, Steve’s phone rang, and his entire world fell apart around him.
The genius herself was still frozen, except now it was with something that looked like confusing and disbelief, but she was snapped out of it by Bucky coming forward and gently taking her wrist in his hand.
Hope everyone enjoyed!
That would be the point where she’d need to get a little creative.
Knowing that, and wanting to prevent the trouble if possible, Steve kept a watchful gaze on the little boy playing in front of him, dividing his attention neatly (if not entirely equally) between a happily entertained Peter and his own novel. It was a thriller that he’d only just started, but the author had managed to reel him in from the very first few sentences, which he almost regretted since the majority of his attention was dedicated to his son.
Steve cut him off one more time, claiming his lips in a deep and possessive kiss that bypassed sparks and went straight into a raging inferno. He didn’t let go of Tony’s hand, but he did move his other hand from the genius’ jaw, to all the way around his waist. He pulled his love in close and tight, gripping Tony’s hip like he wanted to leave an imprint of his hand there.
“That wasn’t very kind of you,” Peter scolded the blond with a tone too serious for his age, and with a start, Toni realized that he sounded exactly like a Disappointed Steve Rogers. If it were any other time, the billionaire would have been on the floor with laughter. “You
Toni’s eyes were dancing with amusement, but the softness underneath it was impossible to miss. It made Steve’s heart constrict, in the same way that it had when Peter had patiently explained to him that as a daddy, he was also meant to make sure that Mommy didn’t have to be alone when she was sad. It wasn’t only the perceptiveness of the kid, or his childish protectiveness of Toni, but it was the way Steve was still so accepted as family, even after his massive mistake yesterday. It was the confirmation that, although Peter had attached himself to Toni, that the mantle of parenthood had also included him. It had given him hope that Toni hadn’t given up on him.
“So, tonight’s the big night, right?” Angie murmured, losing interest in anything Julie Wilson and the CEO of Dream Master Inc had to say. “Nervous?”
“I’m sorry, what?” Matt frowned.
“Fine. One burrito.”
Steve sat back on his heels, watching Tony’s chest heave as he came down, squeezing his own cock to try and ward off his own orgasm because he would really like to get Tony’s hands on him before he came, after all the teasing at the club.
“Thank you,” Steve smiled.
“I haven’t missed you,” Fury retorted.
Lying naked, limbs tangled together with hands roaming as they made out, Tony realised that being quiet had it’s advantages. Because yes, their usual teasing was fun and hot and so, so sexy. But there was something intensely intimate about the silence punctuated only by sharp breaths and shuddering sighs when one of them found a particularly sensitive spot.
“Why do you think he might be right?” Frigga asked.
Warm hands wandered over his shoulder, down his chest, brushing tantalisingly over his nipple, onto his hips and lower, while the kiss turned from soft to hard and fiery. Steve’s head fell back and he panted for breath, and he should
“See you around, dummy.”
“But… Then I got together with Tony. Alexander was Tony’s mentor during his second year ER rotation, which is how we met.”
Steve shifted so Tony could join him on the couch, before wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and burrowing into his chest.
“Feel better!” she called, skipping out of the apartment.
“Sorted. Finally,” Peggy exclaimed. “Can I hide some of the girls gifts here? Evie Rose is getting far too good at guessing my hiding places.”
,” Steve reminded him. “So helping me is really helping yourself. So by not helping me, you’d only be hurting yourself.”
Arnie chuckled. “I suppose you do.”
“Yeah, uh, Mark somebody,” Bucky replied, putting his Red Bull down on the floor so he could concentrate on his game of Mario Kart. “Mark, uh, Scarlett, or something.”
Scott shook his head. “I dunno, man. Fifteen years?”
Tony caught Steve’s chin with his free hand, drawing him in for another kiss, nipping at his lips. By the time they pulled apart at Bucky’s pointed cough, Steve’s pupils were blown, his lips red, and Tony felt a rush of pride at being the one responsible.
“What am I going to do with you?” Tony laughed, his fingers flying over his phone. “Just you wait. In two months, I am totally getting my revenge.”
“What? Have I got something in my teeth?”
“You, mister, are a bad influence.”
Then he raised his arm. The only problem was that it wasn’t the one with the sloppily wrapped bandage, a fact that he only realised a few minutes later.
“I thought witches’ cats were black.”
“Just fucking do it, asshole,” Steve muttered to himself, yanking the apartment door open and stepping outside.
“That takes some doing,” Steve teased. “Dan, meet Tony. Tony, this Daniel Sousa.”
“Hi honey,” Hank replied. “I hope Lang wasn’t bothering you in there.” He glanced over his shoulder. “He has a habit of getting in people’s way.”
He’d explored the whole house, but he’d never been in
“I’m just gonna cut the wire,” Clint declared and oh great, now Tony was having helicarrier flashbacks.
“Take a break,” Bucky ordered. “It’s Christmas. It’s a holiday. So take a holiday. We’re clutching at straws anyway. Go see Steve, or come out for drinks with us tonight.”
“Okay, shut up. I don’t need to know about your sex life,” Bucky grumbled.
“There you go.”
The darkness crept in through the windows as the sun disappeared below the horizon, but neither Steve nor Tony made any effort to move out of bed to turn on the light. Tony probably had some sort of voice recognition thing that would allow them to turn on the lights without moving, but that would ruin the mood.
“Oh yeah,” Steve agreed. “We were awesome together.”
He shook his head.
“Not in the time we have. Shit.”
“She was,” Steve agreed.
He continued making his way across the common area, aiming for the bar where Bruce was sitting with Pepper and Coulson. Surely he could rely on one of them to tell him the truth. However, he became waylaid when the elevator doors opened and Nick Fury stepped out.
“Starving,” Tony replied.
His voice trembled and his eyes shone, a wet sheen covering them, and a burst of protectiveness burst in Steve’s chest. He stepped forward, ignoring the threat of the knife and held Tony’s gaze steady. “Over my dead body,” he promised slowly.
“How?”
Hoping he looked more confident than he felt, Bruce pushed open the door to recovery, pasting on a reassuring smile. Jessica was sitting up in bed, the restraints around her wrists, blinking dazedly. Matt stood at her side, covering her hand with his own, standing sentinel.
“Hey Stevie,” Bucky waved. Steve nodded, giving Bucky a half smile which didn’t reach his eyes. Tony frowned, the feeling in his gut making a reappearance. But then Bucky asked, “Hey, didja watch the footage from the fight?”
“Just a bum,” Tony replied, his hand rubbing Steve’s back through his sodden shirt. “I scared him off.”
“Who did you lose?”
Then he kissed him again and Steve felt heat pool in his belly.
Ellie looked up in surprise but when she spotted Tony, her face broke into a smile that almost broke Steve’s heart with how cute it was.
“It’s Tony Stark.”
“Thursday is great,” Steve nodded.
Returning to the first floor, Steve crossed the lounge to reach the den, the cosy corner room which Steve had fallen in love with the first time he saw it. The sofa took up most of the floor space - a huge, plush thing which Steve instantly threw himself into - and shelves filled with books. Then there was the TV hanging over the fireplace which could provide him with any TV show, movie, or music his heart desired thanks to JARVIS. Steve adored the den.
It took a moment for Steve to realise what Tony was talking about.
“I didn’t do anything, it’s what I’m not doing that is a problem. Might be a problem. For you. Not for me. I don’t have a problem with it but-”
“Oh, you mean like this?” Bobbi began to retch into her hands and even though Steve knew she was faking it, he had the sudden urge to grab a bowl because - he had to hand it to her - it looked so realistic.
“Oh, come on!” Steve exclaimed. He downed his shot, glaring across the table at his now-former best friend. “I don’t like you anymore.”
When Tony turned, his head protested loudly and violently. He winced, but found Clint tied to a chair a few feet away, looking as beat up as Tony himself felt.
Steve tugged him in, feeling an urgent need to be closer to Tony, the sooner the better. “Tony,” he murmured between kisses. “I want you.”
“Yeah.”
“Oh God, please let me sniff you!” Clint exclaimed, darting out of the ER and inhaling loudly. “Oh, that’s the stuff.”
“Jess was assaulted when she was in the Army. The guy got away with it and she got a discharge. Everyone says this is a result of that.”
“An orangutan?”
Her face scrunched delightfully as she concentrated.
Tony leaned forward, kissing him slowly. “Deal.”
“You okay?”
“No. And you can call me Steve.”
“Having trouble?”
She patted his pec.
“That’s it?” Pepper blinked.
“What’s up?” Steve asked, joining Scott in the corridor.
Gary studied him for just long enough that it started to become uncomfortable. Clint raised his eyebrows.
“Ah, Rhodes. Good kid,” Stane nodded. He indicated to the portrait. “You an artist?”
without stopping to ask what Steve wanted.
It was Arnie. Older, his face weathered and lined, but still Arnie. His scent hit Steve and almost instantly it brought him back to the feelings of safety and love from the night that Ellie was conceived.
“Uh… Okay, this is kinda complicated,” Steve sighed. “I need your help in looking into Stark Industries.”
“I don’t need a babysitter,” Steve scowled.
And not just because of the tail.
“So, should I start looking at property in Brooklyn, or…?”
By the time Tony pulled into the garage of the Tower, Steve was starting to feel more like himself again.
, he thought.
Steve jumped. His heart pounded in his ears as he spotted Rhodey standing in the doorway of his own bedroom.
There was something about abandoned buildings and the way nature was slowly reclaiming them as its own which had long captivated Steve. The beauty of the former grandeur undiminished, merely transformed. There was an atmosphere to them, a lingering sense of the lives lived or the jobs worked within their walls which made him feel oh-so small and yet so alive all at once. No two were ever the same, and he loved discovering little clues that told the story of the people who once called it home or made their living there.
Steve and Angie applauded obligingly with the rest of the staff.
“Shush,” Tony scolded. “Alright, give me everything you’ve got on this ship, J.”
“Yeah,” she nodded, her voice hoarse, leaving Steve alone with his mess.
“Great,” Tony echoed.
“There’s an idea,” Bucky brightened up.
“You’re going to be forgotten, Tony Stark. He’s already surpassed you. You are insignificant in the shadow of his genius. You’re nothing.”
“He’s gonna bleed out!” The first paramedic insisted.
“MJ.”
Steve huffed. “It’s been five months without you. I have done
“Harmless,” Bruce echoed flatly. He looked between the two of them and their barely concealed laughter and terrible poker faces. “That’s Frigga Borson, as in the Borson family. As in the hospital’s biggest donors.”
“Careful,” Tony told him, as though he knew without Steve saying a thing. Maybe he did. Tony showered him with soft kisses, his lips drifting across his face. “Go gently. There’s no hurry. I’m not going anywhere, sweetheart.”
Steve glanced around.
“Later boys,” Bucky called, banging the door again.
“Don’t worry about that,” Clint insisted. “I’ll figure something out. Just sit tight. I’m going to help you, Bob. I promise.”
“Pep, I’m fine,” Hogan insisted.
“Well?” Tony called.
But apologising, standing up and saying
Another shape moved beneath the surface, breaking through a few feet away, and Steve let out a sob of relief at the sight of Tony’s face. He jumped to his feet, limping towards the steps and began climbing into the pool, heedless of his boots or his jeans. Tony swam up to him and Steve reached for him and Tony’s hands were outstretched until finally Steve could touch him, his fingers digging into Tony’s shoulders.
The battle raged as dawn broke over Washington DC. Slivers of sunlight began making their way into the briefing room, lighting up the room and bathing it in golden light. Steve pressed his fist to his mouth when Tony took a particularly painful looking hit, clenching his jaw and feeling his muscles begin to tremble.
“Actually, I think I’m gonna walk and take the bus,” Bruce replied. “I need some time to think and… convince myself I’m not dreaming.”
“There’s no fire,” Scott assured him. “But Hope just went on a date with Dodgy Darren. Can you believe that?”
He wasn’t there yet.
“Hi, snookums,” Clint replied. “Oh, right. Pup. Here you go.”
“You’d tell me if I looked like Bugs Bunny, right?” Tony asked, baring his teeth and using the selfie camera on his phone as a mirror to inspect his new teeth.
“Nice to meet you,” Bucky nodded, offering Steve his hand.
“What’s funny, bro?” Ivan asked.
The thought made him smile into his glass.
He was grinning at the tags added by one of his mutuals, when a voice said, “Steve?”
“Hey,” Steve said, returning to Tony’s side. “Peg’s starting to clear everyone out. Some of them are going clubbing, if you wanna go, or Peg says we can wait until the kids are in bed and do shots?”
“Be a doctor.”
Jessica doubled over and Matt wrapped his arm around her shoulders. “This happens like twice a week,” he explained. “Maybe more.”
He raised his head when Tony ran his hand through his hair and found their faces inches apart. Something settled in Steve, a voice in his head whispering
“It’s my problem,” Steve protested, although it was starting to sound weak even to his own ears.
“Probably. As terrifying as that thought is.”
Nefaria watched Steve for a reaction; Steve stared back, nonplussed.
“Something I can help you with, Dr. Pierce?” he asked, squirting soap onto his hand.
“Simone,” Steve nodded. “We’re going to get them back. I promise.”
is that BuckyCap art by Quinn?!!! I cannot get over how amazing it is. I asked them to create this and they completely blew my expectations out of the water! If you want to check out more of their art check out their Tumblr
“Hey!” Bucky pointed at him. “If it wasn’t for me and Mat making out, this-“ He waggled his finger between Tony and Steve, “-never would’ve happened.”
“Alright.” Tony stole one more kiss, before untangling himself from Steve and leaving the room to make the call.
do this. What other option was there? He couldn’t exactly call in a workman. For a start, he didn’t own the building, and then there was the minor detail of the mer in the pool. “It’s just a case of trial and error,” he added, hoping to bolster Tony’s confidence.
It felt like they were both on the same page in regards to their relationship, which was a heady realisation indeed.
“That makes sense,” Tony called. “People like you rarely get to where they want to be on their own. They ride the coattails of those smarter, better, more connected than they are.”
“Duh, next,” Tony nodded.
He was Steve.
He stepped forward, the faceplate flipping up, and pulled Steve in for a rough and desperate kiss.
“I know,” Tony smirked. He nodded behind Steve towards the school. “You know, technically we could sue them, if you want?”
Tony’s lips twitched. “Stop distracting me,” he scolded, ignoring Steve’s indignant huff. “Anyway, as I was saying: there should be a pressure gauge. If it’s 8-10psi above normal operating pressure, it needs to be backwashed. But considering it should be backwashed on a weekly basis and it’s been ten years, I’m gonna say it’s a pretty safe bet it needs to be done.”
“What the fuck?” Scott exclaimed.
“Well, that’s terrifying,” Tony replied. “And I’m pretty sure that disqualifies you from judging anyone’s love life ever again.”
“Be careful,” Bucky said, stepping close to kiss him.
Tony put on an extra burst of speed; now that the ship was in sight, he couldn’t wait any longer to get to Steve. His singular focus was getting to the Guiletta, which was arguably the problem. Because if he hadn’t been so focused on the ship and on Steve, Tony might’ve noticed the odd shimmer in the air to his right. He might’ve questioned it and trusted his gut and changed his path.
“So, first attempt at quiet but passionate love,” Tony said, drawing circles against Steve’s skin. “I’d say it was a success.”
“I got my heat,” Steve admitted.
“No, I want to keep my job,” Steve snapped. “But that’s not an option. So if it’s a choice between being fired and quitting, I think I want to quit.”
“Your fault how?”
The elevator doors opened and they stepped out onto the communal floor. Tony was relieved to find the broken glass had been removed at some point during the night, although the windows were still splintered where the Dreadnoughts had tried to get through the glass. Wind whistled through the holes where they’d managed to punch through, nothing big enough for them to get into the Tower, but enough for them to leave scorch marks on the floors when they attempted to shoot their way in.
“Yeah?”
“It felt… It felt like I was back in Afghanistan,” Tony sobbed.
Steve left the couch and moved to the doorway, spotting Ari standing on the other side of the room.
Tony’s words echoed in his head, leaving Steve with a warm feeling he’d been unable to appreciate when he first heard them, due to the maniac threatening to kill them.
“Hey,” Steve replied.
“Good. How was work?”
Steve watched the emotions flit across Tony’s mismatched eyes: uncertainty, hope, fear, longing. Finally, he swam forward and reached out. His palm was warm when it touched Steve’s, gripping his fingers on the edge of too tight as he shook Steve’s hand.
He continued wandering along the perimeter of the pool, gazing up at the designs on the ceiling until something burst out of the pool and pain exploded down his leg.
“I’m going to bed,” she told him. “You need help with Sleeping Beauty?”
“That’s not something to brag about,” Daniel frowned.
“I said okay.”
“He says as though that’s a deterrent,” Foggy interjected. “When we all know Matt not-so-secretly loves Cap’s caveman routine.”
“How was your day?” he murmured.
“They’re the ones building that casino-hotel thing in the Palisades and all profits are going to charity.”
“Da!”
“I think we’d both prefer that,” Tony agreed. He kissed Steve’s shoulder again. “I love you.”
“I never said you were, don’t put words in my mouth,” Tony snapped, waving his finger in Steve’s face. Steve slapped his hand away.
“Uh, yeah, come on up,” Steve replied, hitting the button to buzz the lawyer in. “Second floor.”
Arnie’s eyes went wide.
Tony nodded, taking a sip of coffee.
“Hey Buck.”
“Hey sugar bear, how’s it hanging?” he greeted as soon as Rhodey answered.
While Steve retrieved the kit, Tony finished removing his clothes, and leaned up against the edge of the tub.
“Yeah, but I’m biased,” Steve smiled.
“Tired,” Tony admitted. He hadn’t slept properly since before the trial started, his dreams haunted by flashbacks from Afghanistan and the explosion at Castello Malvagio, always with Steve caught in the middle.
“For her?” Tony added and it took Steve a minute to catch up.
“What’s going on?”
Tony laughed, leaning forward, his hands encircling Steve’s neck and holding him steady. A beat, and Steve’s breath caught, looking into Tony’s eyes and memorising all the different shades of brown and flecks of gold. He’d stared into Tony’s eyes a thousand times before, but Steve doubted he’d ever truly manage to memorise every detail, even if he spent a thousand lifetimes trying. And he was willing to do just that.
They both shrugged.
“Yes. I think you should know that you have competition.”
“I used to date a cop. He taught me how to get out of handcuffs.”
“And they’re my teammates,” Bucky retorted. “I cannot be worrying about you while I’m trying to save them. Get in the car, go back to the Tower. Take the damn dog with you. I will bring them back. I promise. But if you don’t get in that car, I will call Matty and have him drag you back.”
“What kind of concerns?” Steve frowned. He was a good teacher, he worked hard and he cared about his kids; what could they possibly have concerns about?
Bucky rapped his knuckles against the glass pane of a door, stencilled with
“Thank you,” Stark nodded. “Sorry to interrupt,” he called to Charles and Lorna. “Is that
“You sure?" Tony asked, leaning back to look Steve in the eye.
“You’d move to Brooklyn for me?”
“Keep me forever and ever?”
Steve hummed and nodded in agreement. Tony kissed the top of his head again. Steve tipped his head back, smiling up at him. Tony smiled back, leaning down to kiss him. What he meant to be a quick peck on the lips slowly turned into a longer kiss. Tony was vaguely aware of Steve fumbling with his book, attempting to push it onto the bedside table before giving up and letting it fall to the floor with a muffled thump.
“Thank you Dr. Banner,” Frigga smiled. She winked at Bruce as they shook hands. “You have been most helpful.”
A notification popped up to inform him that Tony had tagged him in a post. Refreshing his Instagram feed, Steve chuckled at the picture of Tony he’d chosen, now reposted with the comment
“Why don’t you bring it up with Coulson?” Steve smirked.
“No, this is clearly bugging you,” Steve replied, running his knuckles down Tony’s cheek softly.
“Less clothes,” Steve replied automatically.
Opening a new tab, Steve typed
She was entirely serious, and it was the most heartwarming thing Tony’s ever seen.
Steve chuckled, his hand gripping Tony’s hip loosely. “I thought that would’ve been obvious.” He kissed Tony’s neck. “Don’t you know what day it is?”
“Strong.”
“It’s beside the TV,” Steve replied.
Hank turned and found Nurse Rogers glaring at him.
Steve kissed the top of her head, breathing in her scent and using it to give him courage, before walking forward into the communal kitchen and towards the voices and scents of the rest of the team.
“Oh. Good,” she declared, her chin jutting out. But Tony saw her lip wobble and wrapped his arm around her shoulder, giving it a squeeze.
“Constipation. I gave him a laxative and sent him home. He had me written up as incompetent.”
Steve was asleep. Or he should be, until Tony and his stupid idea to call Steve woke him. What an idiot.
Maybe this was the right time to tell Steve how he felt? Wrapped up and warm in Steve’s bedroom, where it felt like nothing else existed. It was just the two of them, and Angie would’ve already left for work, which meant they could have loud, celebratory
“Sure,” Rogers nodded, a small frown furrowing his forehead as he walked away.
“Tony?” Steve called, his voice rasping with sleep. “What’s going on?”
“Good evening, sir,” JARVIS replied and Tony almost wept at the sound of his voice. “I am relieved to find you are in one piece.”
Natasha watched them go before turning to Scott. “What happened?” she asked.
They stared at each other. Then Tony’s hand was on the back of his neck and Steve’s breath caught, allowing Tony to draw him in. His eyes flickered down to Tony’s lips and he noticed droplets of water caught in his facial hair. When Steve looked up again, he saw there were even tiny drops in his eyelashes, which made him smile. Tony huffed quietly and Steve’s face flushed and then they were kissing.
“Could your pal Scarlotti have done this?” Bucky wondered. “You know, before somebody killed and threw him in the river?”
took effort. Steve paused, leaning heavily on the aluminium pole. Everything was so much effort. He was tired. His eyes drifted to the door. Maybe he should just go home and rest. He could come back tomorrow. After all, he’d brought Tony food, been to the fish market, and started picking debris out of the pool. That was a lot.
Leaning against the counter, Steve twisted his wedding ring back and forth, using the familiar feel of the gold ring to ground himself. He hated this feeling, like he'd been knocked of balance and left discombobulated, that followed a panic attack. He hated it more than anything in the world.
Steve bit back a smile.
“I forgot my key,” he muttered, burying his face in his hands. “Sorry. I’m an idiot.”
“Not telling,” Clint grinned. “We’re not dying. When we’re actually gonna die, then I’ll tell you.”
“Deal,” Steve replied. “I can’t wait. See you then.”
Then he remembered.
He woke up four hours later, sweaty and sticky and regretting not cleaning himself up before falling asleep. But the endorphins had kicked his heat symptoms into submission enough that he managed to get up and shower, dressing himself in the softest t-shirt and sweats he owned before making himself something to eat.
“You saw me four days ago,” Steve laughed.
“Your friend is right,” Natasha interjected. “If it’s all the same to you, I’d feel better if we could run some tests and do a cardiac catheterisation to see what’s going on with your heart. But I promise, we’ll try to get you out of here as soon as possible.”
“Here? In Texas?”
“Right,” Steve agreed.
“Thanks,” Tony said.
“I’m a man of many talents,” Tony grinned.
“I’ve got my reasons.”
“I can clear the calendar but I can’t guarantee best behaviour. You have met the rest of my team, right?”
The water stung his eyes, but Steve forced them open, letting Tony drag him down towards the overhang at the back of the pool. It was a poor approximation of a cave, clearly a half-hearted attempt to make Tony feel at home - if mers even lived in caves in the first place. Pressure built in Steve’s ears as they sank down.
“Thanks,” he retorted. “Very refreshing.”
Steve cursed silently. “Uhh, two months ago,” he lied.
“You are so beautiful, you know that?” Tony murmured. “And this? This is a really good look on you. Just saying, shirts should be banned for now on.”
But at the same time, it had to be.
“Come on,” he coaxed. “Come on honey.”
“I don’t know if I can do this,” Steve muttered.
“Tuchis.”
Fun fact: in the original version of this verse, Tony and Steve first met in a club.
“Really, Rogers? Out of all the pictures, you had to choose that one?”
Tony flipped him off.
“Alright sir,” Stark said, his tone placating, approaching the drunk slowly. “If you just take a seat-”
He was making his way along the corridor when a figure stepped out in front of him. Steve raised his gun and fired off a shot before the familiar red and gold registered. Luckily, the armour deflected the bullet easily.
“And miss our moment of victory as we get more Twitter followers than anyone else?” Clint scoffed. “Please. I brought popcorn.”
“Thanks, bro,” Clint smirked.
“Yes. Yes, it’s a yes.”
“I know, it’s just… I was sick a lot when I was kid, and I hated it then, and I hate it now. I had enough being sick for a lifetime when I was a kid, but unfortunately, my body didn’t get the memo,” Steve grumbled. “This isn’t a one off, Tony. This happens every year. Being with me means putting up with all this shit, year in year out, and it-”
to make these AMAZING dating profiles and the match screen and I LOVE THEM. Check out Trashie’s art on
“Yeah, well, we all wish we could have the last sixty seconds of our lives back.”
“My mom sold the books to bail my dad out of jail,” Steve blurted out. “He got drunk and started a fight, and she didn’t have any money. He’d already spent it all. He always spent it all. So she sold those books, even though they were the only things she had left from her parents, because even though he was the biggest bastard in the universe, she still loved him and she always believed he would change even though he never did. She sold those books for him, and in return, he hurt her. Again. And then he left. Again. And I was left picking up the pieces,” he finished, tears rolling down his cheeks.
“What do you want?” Tony asked, trailing his fingers up Steve’s thigh.
“Bruce, I’m not a psychiatrist,” Hope replied. “And look at her notes: they all say the same thing. If that many doctors agree, then chances are they’re right.”
“Sure,” Steve nodded absently.
“The Maggia,” he breathed.
to be there with me. Instead, there was no obligation. He was there because he chose to be. Because he chose me.”
Steve watched them as he ate; Tony, joining in with the conversation as though he didn’t have Steve’s infant pup on his lap, and Ellie, watching them all with wide eyes as she attempted to shove her whole hand in her mouth.
Gathering himself, Steve stood and left the office, ignoring the stares from the office staff and hating the humiliation that burned in his veins. Resisting the urge to slam the classroom door behind him, Steve crossed to his desk, throwing himself into his chair with a muttered, “Fuck.”
But in the car, driving back to Manhattan, Steve stared out of the window at Brooklyn - his home, the only place he’d ever envisioned living - and wondered how much he would have to give up to be with Tony. He’d moved to Manhattan, he’d had to turn to Marci and Tony for help with his father, and now he’d lost his job. Just how much of his identity was he going to lose to this relationship?
“Hey.” Tony squeezed his hip. “If you’re not ready-”
“Of course I like him,” Steve muttered, turning off the shower and grabbing his towel. “He’s my friend.”
Peggy grinned, her eyes dancing with mirth, and cleared her throat. “Never have I ever… lost every single game of strip poker I’ve ever played.”
He remembered the face of the woman in the bar, the cocktail of resigned anguish and love, as she watched the reunions onscreen, and he wondered again who she was waiting for.
“Hi sweetheart,” Steve said.
She was perfect. Whatever happened, Steve would always be grateful to his old friend for helping him through the worst heat of his life and he would never regret it, not when it led to the birth of his perfect daughter.
“Why?” Steve whined.
He used to think he would never have this. He’d thought that he would be too sick or weak to carry a pup to term and had tried to content himself with the knowledge that not everyone had pups.
“Then go to the cops.”
“Right here,” Bucky confirmed.
Plus, Bucky didn’t care about the nine hour time difference or the seven and a half thousand mile between them and would call him up to yell at him over FaceTime if he ended up in hospital again.
He began to move, Steve following his lead, and looked up into Steve’s blue eyes. In some ways it was exactly like the last time they danced to this song, and yet it was also a world away. Last time, Tony was afraid to hope that Steve still wanted to be him. Now, they were engaged.
“According to Tony, Barton always needs a bandaid,” Steve said, unable to help himself.
“Sure. Thanks Marci.”
Evie Rose hummed and hawed over the decision of which ice cream flavours to choose, playing up to her devoted audience of not only her beloved uncle, but also the newfound schmuck with a wallet, before eventually insisting she just had to have Cotton Candy. Tony picked up his own cup of Pumpkin Cheesecake and Steve’s Lemon Sky, allowing Steve to keep an eye on Evie Rose and her own mountain of ice cream, watching fondly while Steve made sure the ice cream didn't end up in a sticky pile on the floor as she climbed onto a chair.
Tony looked back at Steve and found him smiling back at him.
Tony rolled his eyes and huffed.
Steve nodded slowly, an idea starting to form in his mind. Or more of an outline of an idea.
Moment of truth.
“Anything’s safer than my bike,” Steve grinned and Tony barked out a laugh.
“That doesn’t mean anything,” Bruce pointed out. “You brought popcorn to your last medical.”
going to be one of those showdowns which went into hospital legend. They all watched Steve surreptitiously.
“You know what’s missing,” he muttered to himself and pulled out his phone. He opened the message chain with Steve and typed out
“Brooklyn,” Steve corrected automatically. “Sorry, yes.”
“Yeah,” Bruce chuckled. “Thank you for an eye-opening morning.”
“You love me really,” he shouted after her.
“Lucky for you, you have me,” Tony promised. “Long as you want me.”
“It’s probably just sticking, it’ll sort itself out in a minute.”
A cold shiver ran down Steve’s spine.
“My dad’s trying to get money out of me,” Steve shrugged, hoping Bucky would accept his explanation and leave it at that. “He does that sometimes. Marci’s helping me out.”
Hopefully it wouldn’t take a year for the press to lose interest in them.
“Why?” he asked bluntly.
“Think so,” Steve nodded.
The anger he’d been suppressing for a year, the anger he hadn’t had the energy to deal with, bubbled in his gut. “Back off,” Steve snapped.
Collapsing onto the sofa, Steve tucked himself under Tony’s arm, burrowing into his neck and breathing in the smell of his cologne. He was warm and relaxed, especially when Tony’s lips pressed against his forehead and his hand began rubbing small circles into Steve’s back.
“Great, thanks,” he nodded then pushed the office door open.
“Uh, yeah… Riri?” he said, glancing at her name tag. “Apparently I am his next of kin?”
“Jesus,” Steve breathed. How was this his life? He was just a kid from Brooklyn and suddenly
He could always get himself off, he had stuff on hand just incase.
“Wow,” Steve deadpanned. “Did you decide to be a supervillain because of the name, or did you pick the name after becoming a supervillain? I’m just curious which came first.”
“Twenty minutes later she burst into tears because she felt guilty in case the baby heard her and developed a complex in utero,” Natasha snorted, taking back her phone.
“No, but you’re about to,” she argued. “And I know what you’re going to say and I’m not emotionally prepared for this conversation yet. So I’m just going to go because this is going to take you a long time to deal with and that might be just long enough for me to start feeling ready to talk about it.”
Steve pressed his thumb and forefinger into the corners of his eyes, feeling the burn of tears in his throat.
“You’re one of the best couples I know. You might actually be
“Because there has to be a control centre or whatever for those Dreadnoughts, right? And after meeting the man in person, I can say with complete certainty that Nefaria’s the kind of guy who likes to oversee his operations in person. Which means, he’s not gonna let somebody back on land control the Dreadnoughts while we’re out at sea, right?”
Scott’s eyes danced, the little wrinkles at the corners crinkling when he smiled, and that shouldn’t make her melt like that, dammit, Hope! “I’m your idiot,” he crooned softly.
“Happy anniversary, honey,” Tony said when he pulled back.
Tony’s heart jumped into his throat. He could feel his pulse quickening as the fear set in. “What do you mean he’s gone? He can’t be gone.”
“That’s convenient,” he murmured, clicking on the link.
“Better,” Steve replied, watching Tony’s reactions carefully. “Apparently he’s on some drug trial that’s having good results so far.”
“True.”
Tony looked to Steve questioningly.
Steve stepped aside, let Tony step into the room and closed the door behind them. Tony watched his every move with hunger in his eyes, causing warmth to spread through Steve. His pulse jumped.
“I’m a doctor,” Tony assured him, dropping to his knees. “We’re going to take the branch out and do a DPL.”
Tony gazed at him, feeling a familiar but no less thrilling rush of love for Steve.
Steve snorted. “Come on. They’re in the supply closet down here.”
Steve dragged his hands over his face.
Which was exactly what Steve was hoping for.
Tony glanced at him. “Afghanistan.”
“What are you still doing up?” she asked in lieu of greeting.
It wasn’t real.
“Steve. Let’s go,” Angie demanded.
The break room door opened and Steve looked up automatically.
“See you,” Tony nodded absently. Then he frowned and shouted after him, “Wait, why does Gary in CT have a tattoo of my face?”
“Do what?”
“I don’t,” Tony said.
“You’re staying, right?” he mumbled.
“Uh, no.”
“So, that’s Tony.”
Steve grinned.
. Not only that, Tony Stark had liked Steve’s profile.
Instead, they lay under the sheets, still naked and sweaty, smiling at each other like idiots.
“Eight minutes.”
They headed down the street to a jewellery store. Steve left Daniel pouring over a pair of earrings with Peggy’s birth stone and wandered around the store until he found himself standing in front of a case of rings. The diamonds glistened under the bright store lights and Steve remembered the last time he stood in front of a case of rings like this.
“I do. I love you. So much. And I’m sorry it took me so long so tell you.”
And, Steve was beginning to realise, there were worse things to be than just Tony Stark’s boyfriend.
“How did the, uh, training session go this morning?” Bucky asked, taking another sip of his beer.
Tony grinned. Steve started grinding against the mattress and it was a visual so breathtaking that Tony forgot to breathe for a second.
Maybe it would be good to have a friend again.
“I… I loved him. Or I thought I did,” Steve shrugged. “Haven’t you ever been with someone who you thought you were in love with?”
“You don’t have to repay me, Bobbi. I’m just doing my job,” he smiled.
After all, there was no such thing as ghosts.
ended and a new song began to play. Tony’s mouth curved into a smile as he recognised the song and recalled the last time he heard it. He crossed the room, reaching out for Steve’s hand.
“No?” Stane echoed, but despite the smile, his eyes were ice cold.
They headed for a coffee shop down the block, which Steve instantly fell in love with, due to its name: The Jolly Goat. He snapped a picture of the sign to send to Peggy, Angie and Daniel with a suggestion they check it out the next time they were in Manhattan, then followed Matt and Bucky inside.
“Hey,” he frowned. “I’m getting better! Tony’s been teaching me.”
with claws?” Tony said. He shared a smile with Steve, squeezing his hand reassuringly, and Steve found himself slowly beginning to relax.
“Sorry?” Steve said, glancing between them all. The frown on his face faded to confusion and, oh no, a flash of hurt. “I mean, I know this is Texas but I thought you guys were cool with it?”
Because there were three. Or, more accurately, there were three still alive.
Hanging up, he turned back to Ari, who was still clutching the files and StarkPad in his arms and staring at Tony with wide eyes.
“You know guys, I think we might be a little paranoid,” Clint observed.
, was Steve
Bruce ran after her; when he came closer he realised the woman was held down with thick black straps and she struggled and screamed, not from pain, but in anger. “Don’t touch me! Don’t touch me!”
“Yes, you do,” Steve told him, rocking his hips back and forth until Tony closed his eyes and moaned. “And it’s adorable.”
Three sets of eyes snapped towards him, all three of them wearing matching expressions of horror.
“Clint Barton is one of the best spies in the world,” Coulson said eventually. “Second only to Natasha. If he didn’t want you to know what’s going on in his head, you’d never have a clue. He could be sitting right next to you, smiling and laughing, while slipping something in your food without you realising.”
Tony crossed the room, perching on the edge of the sofa by Steve’s hip.
“But then you’d have to be pretty in the first place,” Steve pointed out.
“What is going on?” Tony asked slowly.
“I got more,” she sing-songed.
“Happy anniversary,” Steve echoed before tugging him in for another kiss.
“Hey you,” Steve replied, the grin audible in his voice. “Are you back?”
“Thought so,” he nodded. It was like dealing with Steve. “You’re certainly stubborn enough to be Fury's kid,” he added, scrolling through his contacts once more. “In that case, I’m calling for backup.”
To this day, Steve only did laundry when he literally had no clothes left and either couldn’t be bothered or couldn’t afford to buy new ones, the small areas of his bedroom carpet that were visible were so dusty they were a different colour from the day he moved in, there were
“You sound very proud of her.”
“Now, the reason I asked you all here today,” the Principal continued, “Is because we have exciting news. We are lucky enough to be the inaugural recipient of an exciting new grant provided by Dream Master Inc.”
He bit back a sigh, burying his nose into Hannah’s soft brown curls.
But he threw back his glass despite his protests.
Tony clenched his jaw. Behind him, Steve shifted closer.
Clint eyed Dr. Stark curiously. He wasn’t their first or their only military member of staff, that wasn’t curious. But what was curious was the way Steve was eyeing him. Steve, very married, very devoted to his husband, Steve who was staring at Stark with a smile creeping across his face.
Steve nodded slowly but he made no attempt to move until Tony heaved himself off of the couch with a groan and held out his hand. Steve took it, tanging their fingers together and levered himself upright. They left the den and headed down to the communal kitchen.
,” Peggy continued. “I just mean that you’re ordinary compared to Tony. And that’s exciting for them. Especially considering he’s a self-professed playboy.”
“I don’t. I drink tea,” Steve explained. “Earl Grey. Soy milk, no sugar.”
“Right,” Tony agreed instantly. “If it makes you more comfortable, go for it. But you don’t have to leave on our account, right?”
Then he’d sent two photos, the first of his face, Tony Stark’s face, with a newspaper held up under his chin. The second was a close up, this time the paper was held under Tony’s nose, today’s date in full view of the camera. As Steve stared at the pictures, his phone buzzed again with another message.
“Asshole,” Steve shook his head, flicking Tony on the shoulder and biting back a smile.
“It had a bed so it had that going for it,” Tony quipped. “Anyway, what’s up?”
Steve gave him a look. “Tony, I dated a cop. I know how to get out of handcuffs.”
“Which, apparently, is more than can be said for the rest of you,” Stark added. His gaze fell on Hammer, and his grin turned shark-like. “So no, I really don’t have competition.”
“You hired a Stark,” Hank announced in lieu of greeting.
“Aww,” Bucky pouted.
Bucky studied him contemplatively. Then he shoved half of his PBJ into his mouth.
“I’m gonna see what else I can find down there,” he decided, grabbing his torch and his mask from his backpack before heading back downstairs.
“My mom would’ve grounded me for life if I went around the block without telling her,” Steve agreed. “She probably would’ve killed you for trying something like that. We did not live in the best part of Brooklyn.”
“I don’t know? I asked Steve to help me find the gloves because day shift keeps rearranging the supply closets, and he was fine. But then we realised the door was stuck and he freaked out. Like, instantly. Completely. He was screaming, crying, like properly terrified. D’you think he’s okay?”
“Uh huh,” Rhodey nodded slowly.
“No problem,” Tony smiled. “Come on, troublemaker.”
Ivan and his goons burst out laughing. “Funny, bro.”
Steve paused.
“Asshole,” Steve muttered, but he was smiling now, a real smile.
The kisses slowed, morphing into soft pecks and brushes of lips. Steve was grateful for Tony’s iron-like grip around his waist because he wasn’t sure he could trust himself to stand on his own, not with adrenaline and lust and love coursing through him, spreading out from where Tony was now pressing lingering kisses against his neck.
“I’m leaving early tonight to take Marci out for dinner, so I’ll pass, thanks.”
“Uh, no. I’m just looking,” Steve replied, pushing away his thoughts.
Steve crashed into the hard tiles of the floor, rolling away from the water and whatever it was that had just attacked him. Pressing his hand to his leg, it came away red with blood.
“Thanks, Uncle Loki,” Peter beamed, throwing his arms around him quickly. Then, turning to his clock, he waited anxiously until it turned exactly 11:11, and promptly looked up at the stars, hands clasped as tight as he could manage. After he found the brightest star, he concentrated on it and shut his eyes. “I wish for Mommy to come home tomorrow,” he whispered, focusing every last bit of his energy on his wish. “Please, please, please. I wish for Mommy and Daddy to come back home, with Uncle Bucky and Uncle Bruce. And for everyone to be happy and together. Please, Momm- uh, please guardian angel,” he hastily corrected himself. “I wish…please…”
“Besides,” Bruce continued, “I’m pretty sure I should be thanking you. I mean, you did just prove the existence of mers. I could rewrite my thesis. Jeez, I’d love to see the expression on my old advisor’s face. Ross, what an asshole.”
“Hannah, don’t you know you’re supposed to invite people in before stealing their phones?” Daniel teased, emerging from the kitchen.
“Yeah,” she admitted.
“It most certainly is not,” Hank said grimly. Then he frowned and turned to Scott. “Wait. Why do you care?”
“Thought so” Tony sighed. “What’ve you got for me?”
“Tony,” Steve interrupted, catching him by the shoulders. He looked concerned. That was bad. Tony shouldn’t make Steve worry, that was unfair. “Come on, let’s go upstairs.”
“I haven’t thrown up in my mask yet, so that’s a win,” Steve replied.
shirt. A Yankee’s shirt. Right in front of my beer!”
“That was weird, right JARVIS?”
“So. Tony,” she began.
Natasha rolled her eyes, swallowing her hurt. “Very convincing, Sharon.”
“Dreadnoughts.”
But while he was panicking, Sharon snapped into action. She shifted the newspaper sitting on the corner of the desk so it covered the USB drive, then hopped onto the desk, unbuttoning the top two buttons on her shirt. “Don’t freak out,” she ordered.
“Yes, you did,” Tony agreed. It might’ve been all in his head, but Steve thought Tony almost sounded proud.
“He didn’t think he was good enough for you?”
He’d lost his patient.
Rhodey stared at him. “Dude.”
“November eighth, two thousand and three,” Steve replied, mirroring his position. “I was at an anti-Iraq protest, got arrested for unlawful demonstrating, flirted with the detective who processed me, was released with a warning, got the detective’s number. We dated for four months, split up, managed to remain friends, I introduced him to my oldest friend and high school girlfriend. They started dating, had a baby, got married, had two more babies, and lived happily ever after.
Nefaria walked away, pouring himself a drink from a crystal decanter, before turning to regard Steve. He stared at him for just long enough for it to be uncomfortable.
“I gave you what you wanted, get off of me,” Steve snapped.
“What pizza did you get?” Tony asked, swimming closer.
“Look forward to it,” Tony smiled. “Bye Steve.”
“Hurry up,” Steve panted, letting his nails scrape Tony’s skin as his hand ran the length of his chest.
“Come on, sit down,” Steve murmured, easing Tony onto the bed before crouching down in front of him. “What’s going on, sweetheart?”
“Don’t worry, gorgeous,” Tony told her. “Pepper would say a little rejection is good for my ego. You’re just providing a vital service. Who knows what I’d get up to otherwise?”
Tony’s head whipped around and his jaw dropped. Steve burst out laughing.
“From now on, we’re buying him velcro sneakers,” Tony agreed.
His bruised and battered body objected loudly to lifting two hundred pounds of mer and carrying him from the house to the idling car, but Steve ignored the shooting pain. He eased Tony into the back seat, waiting while Tony tucked in his tail before helping him pull on a seatbelt. The last thing he needed was to get stopped for not wearing a seatbelt with a mer in the backseat. Steve was just praying there were no bored traffic cops who would decide to look up the number plate and realise the car had been off the road for ten years and definitely did not have insurance.
“Yup,” Bucky nodded. “I was watching the news. Wanted to see who the dude in the harbour was.”
But neither of them moved for another five minutes, before separating and grabbing the soap, taking it in turns to wash each other.
When their eyes met again, Tony saw the same fear and relief in Steve’s eyes as his own. The knowledge of how close they came to losing this, losing each other, was like a sharp pain to the chest which hurt far more than the wound to his arm. His heart pounding, Tony leaned down, capturing Steve’s lips in a bruising kiss, trying to pour everything he didn’t have the words for into it and feeling tears prick the corner of his eyes when Steve responded in kind.
“I don’t think Jesus is responsible for making people queer,” Steve chuckled.
“Hi Jessica, I’m Dr. Banner,” Bruce greeted. “How are you feeling?”
“Just checking.” Tony swam towards him. “When you say it’s not turning on, what do you mean?”
“Don’t think I will,” Steve retorted, tossing the paper towels into the trash.
“Oh good,” Steve grinned and Tony leaned down to kiss him again.
“Yeah,” Steve sighed.
“I- Uh. Are you sure?” he stammered.
“Who is that guy anyway?” Tony asked, nodding towards Rumlow.
“Never have I ever…” Tony hummed. “Been arrested at a protest.”
“Good afternoon, everyone,” he called, drawing the attention of the room. “I’m Steve Rogers, and I will be doing the introductions this afternoon. Thank you all for coming today and I’m sure you’re all looking forward to meeting with our heroes. So, without further ado, follow me.”
“Wanted to check up on you,” Dr. Stark shrugged.
“Yeah, alright,” Steve laughed.
He felt his resolve waver.
Tony sighed, shaking his head. But at his side, Steve snorted. Tony’s head snapped up; just like that, Steve looked like his normal self again.
He had to find a way to get Tony out of there and fast. This was too close; Steve didn’t think he could live through another close call like that.
“Thank you. You gonna say thank you to your dad?” Steve asked. He lifted Ellie up so she could place a sticky kiss on Arnie’s cheek. “Say thank you dad.”
Steve followed his gaze, a lump forming in his throat when he saw the bare walls and the empty dresser drawers, left behind for whoever Angie decided to sublet the room to. His name was officially off of the lease and most of his stuff had been packed into the truck that Happy drove to the Tower earlier.
now,” Clint continued. “Like money.”
“Yeah, unfortunately,” Daniel sighed. Peggy gasped and punched him in the shoulder. “Ow! I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” he laughed. “Stop it, I’m holding our baby.”
One of his biggest regrets was the fact that he had no photos of Tony, but he’d decided it was just too dangerous. He’d gone through the Stark Mansion, destroying every photo of Tony. He wouldn’t have kept those even if he’d wanted to; Tony looked miserable in every single one. That wasn’t how Steve wanted to remember him. He wanted to remember Tony’s smile, his laughter and delight when he teased Steve.
Yeah. Steve wasn’t an expert at social interaction, and he didn’t know Rhodey that well despite living with him for a year, but he was fairly certain that wasn’t going to go very well.
“Oh, that’s wonderful,” Tony declared in mock-offence. “You try to make sure he’s comfortable-” He reached up, biting Steve’s neck then laving the skin with his tongue, “-and he laughs at you.”
“I’m glad I told him though,” Steve said. “I’m glad that… That he gets some time with her. Even if it’s not long. They’ll get to know each other.”
“Looking for the off switch,” Tony replied. “So we can get some sleep. Is this it?” he asked, flicking Steve’s nipple.
Bruce sighed again, opened his eyes and froze.
“Justin Hammer.”
He couldn’t wait to see Tony, Steve realised as he rode up the elevator, Manhattan spread out below him on the other side of the glass. His knee bounced nervously. Then the elevator came to a smooth stop, the doors opening with a quiet ding.
“So.” Bucky clapped his hands together. “Back to the apartment then we celebrate?”
“This is completely unnecessary, I don’t need to be here,” Hogan insisted. “So thank you doctor, but I’m ready to go.”
“First off, you figured that out in three seconds,” Steve pointed out, “Which makes you a total dork, and it’s adorable. And, yeah. You said it was your favourite movie, and it’s one of the few Disney films I haven’t seen, which is frankly unacceptable.”
“Here we go,” Daniel announced, returning with four shot glasses and a bottle of tequila. After handing out the glasses, he fell into the couch opposite, Peggy instantly climbing into his lap, before she turned to Steve with mischief in her eyes.
Steve chuckled. “Thanks for the advice.”
“Okay. I’ll tell him.”
They decided to take the picture on the communal floor, only partly because Steve had long ago accepted that living with a pup under a year old meant that his apartment was never tidy and the chances of him getting it presentable for the photo were next to zero. So he and Ellie made their way upstairs to the communal floor, where the rest of the team was waiting.
The sea of hands disappeared.
Rhodey studied him. Steve fought the urge to fidget, his skin crawling under Rhodey’s scrutiny, clenching his fists and standing tall.
“Sure. Hey Matt, what happened to your face?” Steve frowned. Tony glanced across the table and sure enough, there was a bruise on Matt’s temple that wasn’t there when he visited them in DC.
“Um, what if I touch something and break it?” Ari winced.
want?” he asked. “I wanted to ride you; now I want to know what you want.”
“Hey you,” Steve said, pulling her into a hug.
“Because if I wasn’t here, who knows what kind of trouble you’d get into,” Tony replied lightly. He smoothed Steve’s damp hair back off of his forehead, dropping a kiss onto the revealed skin. “You need someone to stop you doing stupid things.”
“It was… it was good,” Steve said and he meant it. “There’s not a lot of people left who remember me back then. Not ones who really knew me, anyway. It’s nice to have someone who knows what I’m talking about.”
“Okay, not a dream,” he sighed, taking in the abandoned warehouse and the chair he was currently tied to. “Well, this is disappointingly cliched.”
Yanking his shirt off, Tony tossed it onto the floor before leaning forward and grinding his palm against Steve’s cock. Steve let out a strangled noise, arching his back and drawing his knees up as two spots of colour sprung up on his cheeks.
“No, no, come on,” Steve hissed, shaking the handle. There was a buzzing in his ears and his palm slipped against the handle and he had to get out of there. “Fuck, come on!”
Steve groaned, pressing their foreheads together as his hips jerked into Tony’s fist.
“Yeah, I heard you the first three times,” Rhodey laughed. “Wow, man, you’re in love. Hearts and rainbows love. That’s pretty big. Do we need to go ring shopping? Can I call dibs on best man? Cause no way am I letting Barnes get in there, I love the dude, but that role is mine. I did not go through four years of MIT looking out for your scrawny ass not to get best man at your wedding.”
“For what?”
“Come on,” Tony grinned, taking Steve’s hand and tugging him towards the door. “Let’s go get your pup and we can go upstairs and, I don’t know, do whatever she wants. And then tonight, we can… Unless you want to go out first?”
“What? Oh, no. No, no. I won’t tell anyone. You can trust me,” Bruce promised.
Life went on in the Tower. Ellie grew at what seemed like an alarming rate and Steve started training with the Avengers and tried to pretend that he wasn’t falling harder than ever for Tony every time he came over just to spend time with Ellie or offered to babysit so Steve could have an hour to himself or spend time with someone whose vocabulary extended beyond a babble of nonsensical letters.
“I could,” Tony nodded. “But I don’t think that’s the best idea. I think a better idea would be planting a bug. See, if we go in, yeah we get details on everything that’s already happened. And considering how paranoid the Maggia seem to be, there is no guarantee they’re not switching up their bases on a regular basis.”
“Thanks Evie Rose,” Steve sighed.
“No. No, I, I
“No, I have a better idea,” Steve replied, his confidence growing. “Call Ms Potts, tell her it’s all under control. What time does this thing start?”
“Are you seeing somebody?”
“Fuck, you…”
“I’m willing to make an exception on a case by case basis,” Tony whispered, stroking Steve’s cheek with his thumb, and the look in his eyes was so intense, so full of… something that Steve was almost afraid to name after only two kisses that he had to lean forward and make it three.
“Shit!”
“Okay. Right. Putting a pin in that… very, uh, that image for now,” Tony stammered. “Let’s get the hell out of here before Nefaria and my welcoming party realises I wasn’t in the suit they destroyed.”
Steve grinned, pulling his t-shirt over his head. It was bought specifically for clubbing; light blue and thin enough to leave nothing to the imagination. Slipping into it and his skinniest jeans felt like wearing a second skin.
He frowned, unfolding the paper.
Tony blinked in surprise.
Steve shivered.
“Good night everyone,” Steve added.
He closed his eyes but instead of another blow, he was hit by a wave of water.
Tony closed the door behind him and exhaled slowly. He hoped he’d managed to get through to Wilson, but only time would tell. Maybe he’d never find out. That was the hardest part of working the ER; often, you never found out what happened to your patients. Tony’d learned to live with it a long time ago, but there were still moments when he wondered what his life would be like if he worked in a clinic or in a department where he could actually bond with his patients and see them recover.
Steve suggested.
The doctor sighed.
Steve bristled. “Yeah, I’m a fucking mess, and I have terrible coping mechanisms. Back then I fucked my way through half of LA. And now I’m here, out of my depth and trying to save someone who hates my guts. I’m an idiot. I know.”
Steve scooted backward, feeling the covers bunch underneath his back, and Tony crawled onto the bed and straddled his waist.
“Call an ambulance,” Tony ordered Bucky. He turned back to Fury and began checking his vitals. He was breathing, but it was shallow and Tony could hear a faint wheeze. When he put a hand on Fury’s forehead, it was clammy to the touch and when Tony pinched the skin on the back of Fury’s hand it was slow to return to normal.
Tony nodded.
“As opposed to you, who had everything in the world handed to him on a silver spoon,” Nefaria spat, his mask slipping.
“Hi,” Steve waved, an easy smile on his face, the smile which automatically made everyone around him relax.
Then he scamped off through the nurses’ station. Hank watched him go, shaking his head.
Juggling the bag of ice-cream, Tony hit the buzzer and waited.
“How do you take your coffee?”
have a thing for Tony’s hands. “How does Thursday sound?” Tony asked.
Ah well, he wasn’t working and Steve’s shift was over.
“I mean, I think so? Maybe not. Maybe I’m imagining things. Hey, you need a refill?”
“Bye,” he waved, before heading inside.
“Don’t call him that,” Steve hissed, pushing himself up onto his elbows.
“The future is a wonderful place,” Bucky grinned. “How was your date?”
“Morning,” Steve whispered, leaning up to kiss him.
Bucky nodded wisely. “You have no idea.”
“What are you doing here?”
“They suit you,” Tony smiled. “So where are we going with this? I’m guessing you didn’t invite me over to eat take out in your stairwell.”
Tony chuckled.
“You didn’t break me,” Steve snapped. “I just…” He swallowed.
“But you’re not.”
“Hey, it’s weird for me too, man,” Scott assured him. “But Dodgy Darren? Come on! Why, why would she do that? Huh? This is not okay.”
“Keep up, Rogers,” Bucky teased.
“That’s bad, right?”
“Assault?”
The wind whipped up by the medevac’s blades tugged at the stray hairs which had wormed their way loose from her ponytail as the night progressed. Maria watched as the door slid open and an unfamiliar man hopped out, ducking down expertly below the blades and jogging over to her.
“Bro,” the white tracksuit said, glaring at Clint.
“Spent the week in court,” Daniel replied, pulling a face. He winked at Steve. “I hate being surrounded by all those lawyers.”
“So did I,” Maria sighed. “This is Harold Hogan. Hypertension and SVT. Converted on the scene. You probably need to get him to the cath lab ASAP.”
“What… Uh, what happens now?” Fury asked and because Tony was a good person, he didn’t comment on the fact that he sounded choked up.
“Of course,” Natasha sighed. “What did you do?”
Fury didn’t move.
“Just…” Tony shrugged. “That I’ve been thinking about it.”
“You know,” Tony said, folding his arms on Steve’s chest, “I had this whole thing planned out. I was gonna take you home, make you dinner, give you a bath, seduction; the whole nine yards. Until
Natasha wanted that. She wanted what Hogan and Pepper had and the only way she could do that was if she stopped being scared.
Steve hummed, a decidedly negative sound, so Tony moved closer, doing what he could to hold Steve up. Sure enough, a few seconds later, he began to heave again. Tony breathed slowly, fighting to keep his own nausea down, doing his best to be supportive for Steve until he was done, then handing him his toothbrush.
“Yeah, she complains about it a lot,” Matt explained. “The doctors say it's psychosomatic.”
“They’re probably plotting our demise right now,” Bucky murmured.
Sighing, Tony returned to MJ. “I have a lead of where he might -
Guilt swarmed through Steve’s veins. Some of it must’ve shown on his face, because Rhodey added, “But if I do, it’s for a good cause.”
“Uh…”
“They’re in the fruit bowl. And that’s getting real old, Steve,” she called after him.
“Hi,” he smiled at the kid behind the desk. “Captain Tony Stark. I’m looking for a friend of mine, trying to track him down. Can you check what details you have on him?”
Steve batted Tony’s hand away from his dick, gulping for air, grunting, “Too much.”
“They’re a little alike,” Tony pointed out, while being charmed by Steve’s indignation on his behalf.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, apparently resigned to his fate. “And a little bit of French and Italian.”
but apparently now they were face to face, it resurged with a vengeance. Steve ran his fingers through his hair, shaking his head at his own ridiculousness.
“Man, you have no idea.”
“How long do they need?” Steve muttered, viciously buttering his toast and biting into it with more force than was strictly necessary. “He’s obviously guilty,” he added, spraying crumbs over the counter.
“No, it’s not,” Jessica insisted. “It’s the same pain. In my back, in my stomach. Fuck, it’s killing me,” she hissed.
“You okay, Romanoff?” Stark asked without looking up.
you take off your shirt?
“Better. Maybe. I don’t know,” Steve sighed. “I feel like shit. I’m all sweaty and it’s making me feel worse. I want a shower but I can’t.”
Steve’s heart sank. All he wanted to do was go back to the apartment, curl up in bed and sleep off his adrenalin hangover. Scratch that, he wanted to take a proper shower and then curl up in bed to sleep off his adrenalin hangover.
In his mind he could see his father’s smirking face, could hear all the taunts and barbs Joseph had thrown his way over the years, recalled all the shit he’d put Steve’s mother through before she died.
“I think I’ve got it,” he lied, injecting his voice with faux confidence. “How hard can it be?”
“Did you hit your head? Do you have a concussion? Here, let me take a look. Where does it hurt? Do you have an egg on your head?”
“Deal,” Steve agreed.
“Oh, that’s Ari. My new PA. Ari, say hi to Steve,” Tony called.
“You have pizza breath,” he complained. “I’m not kissing you again until you’ve brushed your teeth.”
Steve grinned and followed Tony onto the dance floor. When they managed to find a spot on the floor Tony released his hand, slipping his arm around Steve’s waist instead and pulling him in close. Steve grinned, holding onto Tony’s elbow as they began to move in time to the music. Between the dancing and press of bodies around them, it didn’t take long for sweat to begin running down his back, soaking his shirt to his skin. Tony’s hand felt like a brand through the thin fabric.
Feeling Tony’s eyes on him, Steve turned. Sure enough, Tony’s mismatched eyes were watching him carefully. Defeat settled in Steve’s bones.
“Come on,” Rhodey said, breaking through Steve’s thoughts. “Let’s get something to eat.”
“Howard was obsessed with the idea of mermaids - which, you know, isn’t surprising, considering the most common depiction of them is beautiful women with big breasts and almost no clothes. That was very much his type - and when Arno died, he… broke. So Maria decided to make it all better,” Tony said sardonically. “She proved the existence of merpeople, and then she brought one home.”
“MREs are horrifying,” Tony corrected, tilting his head back to grin up at Steve. “This is delicious.”
“Johnny.”
Finally Romanoff raised her head from her paperwork, arching one perfectly plucked eyebrow at him with that damned unreadable expression of hers. “Have you met Dr. Stark?”
“Yeah, sorry. I know,” Steve sighed, scrubbing his hands over his face. “It’s just, it’s hard for me to be objective here.”
“Not yet. My roommate’s work is having this thing. Event thing. And he gets a plus one, but because his girlfriend also works there, they asked if I wanted to go with them and I said yes.”
“Thank you,” Steve smiled, his eyes going soft and Scott wondered if this was what it felt like watching your parents flirt. Or maybe, more accurately, your dad flirting with someone who wasn’t your mom. Oh no, he was going to sneeze.
Tony settles Steve on the couch, fetching him a glass of water then retrieving a pair of bed socks from the bedroom when Steve realised his feet were bare.
“Arrangement?” Steve echoed flatly. He narrowed his eyes. “What kind of arrangement?”
Steve nodded
“Thanks Dan,” Steve grinned.
She winked at him and Bruce stared dumbly as she walked away. Dr. Romanoff was confusing and weird, but also kinda wonderful, he decided.
Steve shook his head.
“Rude,” May huffed. “Dr Carter, how long until Peter can get an x-ray?”
Steve’s hand shot out and hit the space bar, freezing the video and giving him a blurry view of the portrait of the Stark family. He’d seen the same portrait himself just hours ago, but back then it was one of the less interesting items in the house as far as Steve was concerned. He was starting to regret that.
“Stop it,” Tony laughed, poking Steve’s thigh with his toes. “And go get me wine.”
“So they haven’t finished it yet?” Matt frowned.
“No,” he said eventually. “I’m not giving you any more money.”
,” from Tony.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Peggy scoffed. “We’re leaving this until the morning.”
“I wanna be in this for the long haul too, Tony,” Steve said. “I do. But I might get scared sometimes. Because of what happened before.”
Evie Rose nodded solemnly. Tony pushed her hair back from her face, tucking it behind her ears while she drank the water. When she was done, Tony shifted her onto his hip, and carried her into Angie’s bedroom.
“When we’ll have two helpers looking to earn pocket money to do it for us,” Daniel grinned, kissing Peggy’s neck.
“Come on, Rogers,” he muttered, flicking on the shower before stripping out of his pyjama pants. “You can do this.”
“Tony is a superhero,” Steve reminded her.
“Thank you, um, Mr Stark.”
A slow smile spread across Wilson’s face, then she began to chuckle, before it turned into what could only be described as a cackle. It made Tony’s skin crawl, especially when she fixed her cold eyes on him.
“You really do,” Foggy agreed. “You should be buying our drinks. All night.”
“Let me take care of you,” he murmured once they broke apart. Tony stroked Steve’s cheek, relieved to find no trace of the fear that marred his handsome features earlier.
Tony leaned in slowly, so slowly, and Steve’s pulse jumped. Anticipation thrummed in his veins as Tony inched closer and he cursed silently when Tony stopped a breath from Steve’s lips.
Steve pulled out his phone, snapping a picture of the famous pool and sending it to Bucky with the caption
“Oh, it’s not. I just wanted to make sure you knew.”
“That is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen,” Tony declared, his eyes wide in adoration as he gazed at Hannah, watching Daniel lift her onto his hip.
“Yeah.”
“Hi, sweetheart,” Hank greeted Hope. “You’re looking nice. Do you have a date?”
It couldn’t be.
“Yeah?”
Nefaria grinned.
Steve couldn’t resist reaching out and touching, his fingers skating across Tony’s cheekbones. Tony raised his eyebrows in amusement.
Tony’s fingers danced over the screen of his phone then Steve’s own phone buzzed in his pocket, informing him that he’d been tagged by @AvengersOfficial. He held his phone out of Ellie’s reach - because she was currently fascinated with cell phones and on a mission to drool over every cell phone she could get her tiny hands on - and opened Twitter. His heart twisted a little when he saw the photo of the two of them and he made a mental note to save it before turning his attention to the caption added by Tony.
