“What Samsquash? You want what?” The Angel asked as he continued to thrust his finger in and out of Sams ass.
Dean straddled Castiels legs then leaned over and pulled the bottle of lube from beneath his pillow. He emptied a decent quantity into his hand and his eyes closed and his head fell back as he stroked himself a few times, covering his penis with the cool gel. Castiels hands flew up and gripped Deans hips tightly causing Dean to look down on his lover. He smiled lazily.
Sam slept with a contented little smile in his face and Gabe was happy to watch him for a few minutes before waving a hand and cleaning the man up and returning his sleep pants onto his body. He kissed Sam again and smiled when he hummed and snuggled further into his pillow and peaceful smile on his lips.
Sam removed the towel and looked around “Dean?”
“Do you think Sam and Gabriel are having a good time on their date, sorry ‘supply run’?” He asked.
"What is that, Cas? What... What are you doing?" The hunter asked then gasped when Castiel took another step forward, still too far away, but this time brushing... Something against Dean's back and down the swell of his ass. "Cas?!"
Cas seemed to be in a similar state, only maybe a bit more vigilant than Dean, still with enough brain power to swallow down Dean's moans and whines. But then Dean had to go ahead and bite down on the angel's lower lip, knowing what that does to Cas, and the next thing Dean knew, he was being pushed up again a wall, Cas's hand down his jeans.
"Dean! I figured it out!" Castiel exclaimed.
"You have been very insubordinate, Dean. I believe a punishment is in order." Cas leaned in and spoke in his ear making Dean's breath hitch and his dick jump with interest. Oh, fuck, what's he gonna do? Is he gonna spank him? Whip off his belt and make Dean count each strike?
"Alright, I'm gonna hit the shower and then we can head out for supplies." Sam said as he came in from his morning jog only to find Dean leaning against the kitchen island, sipping his first morning coffee. The elder hunter just huffed and focused on his hot beverage.
“We?” Sam asked before he registered a warm, wet sensation around his achingly hard cock.
The sight of him flushed and out of breath with his dick still hard and smeared with his own release did things to the angel and he was just about to step in and kiss the living daylights out of him when suddenly footsteps echoed down the hall.
They had been happening more and more often ever since...well, ever since.
Sam, carrying two coffee mugs, walked around the corner and ran straight into Dean, spilling hot coffee all over him, crotch included. Dean screamed, yelled at his brother and then brushed past him, throwing Cas a death glare.
“Shhhh Sammy, I got you baby.”
“That they do.” Dean agreed placing a kiss on Cas’ head.
"Cas?" Dean spoke curiously.
Castiel tore his mouth away from Deans, arching back and gasping in ecstasy. He would never get used to the sensation of Dean filling him up. It didn’t matter that he was effectively cut off from heaven, every time Dean entered him, he was right there anyway.
Dean pulled the tube of lubricant from his pocket and set it on the bedside table before finishing the job Castiel had started. As soon as his clothing was gone, he climbed into the bed and joined his lover.
’ Sam thought to him self.
The angel in question began moving with more urgency beneath him and Dean knew he was close to climax. Castiel was squeezing Deans hand with all the force of heaven but right at that moment it felt like a feathers touch. His other hand was raking down Deans back and grasping at his ass, pulling him closer, clenching and unclenching his fingers, digging in until the angel went taut beneath him and cried out quietly as he spilled his release over Deans fist and covering their stomachs.
Taking his weight on his left arm, Dean leaned down to kiss Castiel as he lined himself up and slowly, tenderly breached the angel.
"Jesus, Cas, what have you been eating?" Dean shouted as he and Sam dragged the angel into Dean's Baby, opting for a quick getaway. The damn witch found them at their motel room, and luckily Dean had his trusted M19 Colt loaded with witch-killing bullets or they would have been toast. Unfortunately, he didn't gank her before she had a chance to throw a spell, the one Castiel caught by shoving him out of the way.
“I love you too Dean, from the moment I first lay hands on you.”
Never changing, slowly rocking into Dean, moving him slightly on the mattress before pulling back out.
He increased the pace, driving into Castiel deeper and faster as he brought the angel undone. This new position meant Cas no longer had any stimulation on his cock so Dean wrapped his hand around the column of hard flesh and began stroking, catching every drop of fluid that leaked out and smearing all over Cas’ shaft.
Sam woke late the next morning feeling completely relaxed loose limbed. He shuffled into the kitchen to find coffee and his brother.
"’Oh fuck!’ is correct Dean. I am going to fuck you with just my fingers and make you come untouched." Cas said and pushed his thick digit in, Dean buckling underneath him.
“I don’t...I don’t know...” Sam stuttered reminding himself of his dream.
Thank Heavens Sam looked back down on his book and completely missed Castiel's jaw drop when Dean took his still soft member in his mouth. The angel did not expect that. A hand job and some teasing, sure, but a blow job? With his brother right the fuck there?!?
§§§§§
Quiet moans floated through Deans door as Sam walked by.
Quickly using his grace, Castiel made the place as clean as it was a few minutes ago, then swept them both away somewhere far and isolated, so that he could properly execute the remains of Dean's punishment and fuck him so hard, to show him
There was a sound coming from the kitchen and a strange thrill went up Dean's spine, because hell, Sam could come in at any moment and see them, and fuck that was hot. This only added to the fire that grew inside and he knew he was getting to the point where he would snap, not giving a fuck anymore about who knew as long as he got to feel the angel's thick cock right next to his.
“Shhh, Angel. I’ve got you.” The hunter reassured him.
He looked down the length of his brothers naked body to see Castiel kneeling in front of him. His mouth wrapped around Sams erection and his hands bracing Sams waist.
His phone was silent for several minutes. He grabbed some coffee mugs and poured two cups of the black liquid stuff. As he stirred in some sugar and creamer, his phone buzzed again.
He wandered into the kitchen and started a pot of coffee before texting Sam.
--I'm going to hell.--
When the music stopped, Dean got up and flipped the cassette tape to side B. "I'm starting to feel very warm and...content." Cas told the freckled man, now back at his side. "That's the alcohol kicking in. You got a good buzz going." Dean told him. Cas nodded. "I like this song." He said, closing his eyes and letting the sound of the piano and the lyrics seep in. "Cas..." Dean started, but he stopped himself. "Hmm?" Cas hummed. Dean didn't responded so Cas opened his eyes and looked at him. "Are you okay?" He asked, putting a hand on Dean's knee. Dean swallowed roughly. "Yeah, Cas. Sorry." Dean said, waving his hand as if to swat away his thoughts. Cas sat up and placed his glass on the coffee table. "Dean, can I ask you something personal?" Cas asked, turning to face him. "Sure. Ask away." Dean replied. "How...When did you know that you were bisexual?" He questioned. Dean couldn't hide the shock on his face. "Wh..What?" Dean asked. "I'm sorry. I was just curious." Cas said. "I...I've always found both guys and girls to be attractive. I knew for sure, though, when I had my first kiss with another guy and I liked it." Dean admitted. "That makes sense." Cas stated. It didn't take much longer for Cas to pass over the line from buzzed to drunk. He and Dean carried on a conversation for well over an hour, until Cas ended up passing out. Dean grabbed a spare blanket and covered Cas before stumbling to his room, where he proceeded to crash.
Dean took his phone out of his pocket on the third vibration and turned it off. "It shows." Dean said, flipping his phone back shut and carelessly tossing onto the coffee table.
Cas meets up with Dean at a car show.
--He's starting to wake up, I'll call you later.--
On Saturday Dean slept well into the afternoon. He hadn't slept that well in ages. He lazily got around for the day, dressing in a band t-shirt and dark jeans, putting on some coffee, and checking his phone. There was a missed call from Cas. Dean smiled at that. He pressed 'Call' and the Pastor answered on the second ring. "Hello Dean." "Hey Cas. What's up?" He replied happily. "I was just wondering if I could take you on a proper date." Cas asked sheepishly. Dean's smiled grew bigger. "I would love that Cas." He replied. Dean heard Cas let out a deep breath. "Good. Great. Are you going to be busy later?" Cas asked. "I'm supposed to go to Sam and Jess' house for dinner. But I could always reschedule it. Unless you want to come with me." Dean told him. There was a pause. "While I wouldn't mind having dinner with your family, I would prefer to have you to myself tonight." Dean chocked on air. Did Cas mean for that to sound so suggestive? "I...I, uh, yeah, no, that's...that sounds good Cas. I'll just text Sam and let him know something came up." Dean finally said after stumbling over his words. Cas chuckled. "I'll pick you up at 8 o'clock then." Cas told him. "8 o'clock." Dean confirmed.
They were both bordering on the line between playful banter and flirting. Though, Dean was pretty sure that Cas didn't have a clue that he was doing it. Mmm. Cas hummed and nodded. "We could start with something else." Dean suggested. "We could hang out at my apartment, listen to some music, maybe we could watch a movie or something." He said. "I'd like that." Cas replied.
--In a good way or a bad way? What did you do?-- Dean stifled a laugh. He contemplated sending Sam a picture of Castiel passed out on his couch, but decided against it.
--OH MY GOD!--
The sun was almost set. Street lights buzzed on and the crowd was quickly dwindling down. Dean checked his phone again. 7:43pm. About fifteen minutes until the car show was over. Dean sat down inside the Impala, door open, and his feet still on the pavement. He sighed and looked out at all the different cars lined up nearby. He liked most of them, but the newer cars weren't really his style. Bright blue neon lights suddenly lit up underneath of a fancy car off in the distance. Dean huffed. But then, a familiar face leaned into his view, back lit by the neon blue glow.
"I want your mouth wrapped around my cock." Cas growled. "Oh fuck yes." Dean responded. He wasted no time undoing Cas' jeans. He tugged them roughly down and then lifted his boxers over his rock hard dick. Mmm...Dean licked his lips at the sight of Cas naked. He lined up his mouth with the pulsing cock in front of him and then tucked his arms under Cas' legs. Dean looked into Cas' bright blue eyes as he licked his hard length from base to tip and then slowly swallowed it into his mouth. Cas' head fell back in ecstasy at the feel of Dean's hot warm mouth around his cock. The pleasure was almost too much. "Ah, oh, Dean. Yes. Just like that baby." He praised the blonde man. Dean sucked, and licked, and lapped at Cas' beautiful cock until he felt it pulse on the edge of climax. "Fuuuuck." Cas cursed, completely overtaken by the sensations. Then Dean swallowed all of him while continuing to bob up and down until Cas came hard down his throat. Dean pulled off once Cas relaxed and he laid down beside him breathing heavily. They both laid in silence, watching the stars above as they came down from their high. Cas kicked off his pants. "Okay. I can miss one Sunday." Cas said when his breathing returned to normal. Dean laughed heartily and kissed him on his forehead. "I'll try not to tempt you on Saturday nights anymore, as long as I can have you every other day of the week." Dean offered. "Deal. Now, it's my turn to take care of you." Cas told him. "Mmm, yeah?" Dean asked. "Mmm-hmm." Cas hummed as he kissed Dean's neck.
"But...I can still show you my car, and we could go to...a bar for festivities, if you want to, that is." Dean stumbled over his words. 'Smooth.' He thought to himself. 'Asking a pastor if he wants to go to a bar.' Dean could have face-palmed himself. "I would like that very much." Cas replied with a grin. "Really?" Dean asked stupidly. Cas nodded. Dean's face lit up with a bright smile. "Cool. Well, this here is my baby." He told Cas, turning to his car. "I rebuilt her from the ground up. She's got..." Dean rambled on about the specifics of the Impala, unsure if Cas had any idea what he was talking about. Cas nodded politely as Dean spoke and watched and listened to him intently. When Dean was done showing him every part of the Impala, Cas finally spoke. "She is immaculate, Dean. You've put a lot of care into her, and it shows." He praised. Dean beamed. "Just like your garden." Dean replied. A huge smile plastered itself on Cas' face. Dean had never seen him smile like that. It made him so much more endearing. "Here, hop in." Dean instructed, walking around the car to open the passenger door for Cas. "Thank you." Cas said warmly before getting in. Dean raced back to the drivers side and slid in behind the wheel. He stuck the key into the ignition and turned it, enjoying the sound of the engine purring. That is, before his rock music started blaring out of the speakers. Startled, he quickly reached up and turned it down. Dean looked over to the pastor in his front seat, his head was tilted curiously. "Sorry." Dean apologized.
Dean and Cas bond.
"So, you didn't start dating until you were 18?" Dean asked, flabbergasted by the thought. Cas let out a strangled laugh. "Is that what you took away from my story?" Dean smiled mischievously. "Only one of the things, but that's just a bit...shocking, to me." Dean said. Cas shook his head. "I've been on a handful of 'dates', but I've just never been drawn to anyone, I guess. Besides, I'd rather dedicate my time to helping people." Cas said. "Wow." Dean said simply, trying to process that information. "That sounds a bit lonely." Dean shrugged. Cas nodded and bit his lower lip. "I hope that someone draws you in though. It'd be a shame to miss out on being cared for. It sounds like you've never really been cared for." Cas' mouth fell slightly open at that statement. He wanted to protest, but he couldn't, because Dean was right. He closed his mouth and looked away. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you upset." Dean apologized. Cas shook his head. "No. It's okay Dean. You were just being sincere. I should be the one to apologize. I didn't know I'd feel this way about it." Dean didn't know how to respond to that, so he didn't.
Dean stuck around after the service and chatted with a few of the members Jess had introduced him to. He said goodbye to Sam, Jess, and the kids when they left a little while later. Dean waited for the church to empty out so that he could talk to Pastors Gabe and Cas alone. It took over thirty minutes for the last remaining church members to file out. "Dean. What did you think of the service?" Cas asked him, when he approached the brothers. "That was a very inspiring sermon." He admitted. Gabe smiled at the compliment. "I'm glad you thought so." Gabe said. A buzzing sounded from the shorter pastors pocket. "Please excuse me." He said, pulling his cell phone out from his pocket and answering it. "Yo, this is Gabe." He said as he walked away with the phone pressed to his ear. Dean chuckled. "He is quite the character, my brother." Cas smiled. "Hey Cas, what is the church's view on sexual orientation?" Dean asked. Cas looked startled by the forwardness of the question for a moment. "Our church believes that God is utterly indifferent to sexual orientation." He informed Dean. "Wait, really?" Dean asked, a bit skeptical. Cas laughed gently. "I should hope so, seeing as we have a gay pastor!" He exclaimed. "Oh." Dean smiled sheepishly. "Gabe is strictly into dudes?" Dean asked. Cas nodded in response. "Yes. Always has been." He said matter-of-factually. "What was that like with religious parents?" Dean asked. Cas' smile disappeared from his face. "I'm sorry, I just...you don't have to answer that." Dean immediately regretted asking. "It's just...it's a long story." Cas explained with a sigh. "Maybe I'll tell it to you if you come to next weeks service." He offered. Dean nodded. "See you next Sunday then Cas."
"Ah. You let them have ice cream?" Sam huffed when he came through the door, briefcase in tow. "Yeah, dude. That's what Uncle's are for." Dean replied incredulously.
*************
He stopped walking and turned to Cas. "Do you...keep bees?" He asked, surprised. "Yes. I find it quite calming and very rewarding." Cas answered. "Cool." Dean said. "How do you collect the honey without being stung?" He inquired. "Here, let me show you." Cas offered. Dean kept his distance from the hives, but watched as Cas collected some items from the shed in the back corner. Cas rejoined Dean and put on a beekeepers suit. All the while explaining what the rest of the items were. He filled a smoker with paper and dried lavender (which he grew in the garden) and then struck a match, dropping it inside. Once the smoke got going, Cas walked over to one of the hives and removed the roof and outer layer. He poured in smoke as he cracked open the hive with a metal tool. Then he scanned over the frames, looking to see which ones were ready to harvest. He removed two of them that were ready and used a gentle brush to remove the remaining bees from them. Setting them aside and covering them, he replaced the outer casing and the roof to the hive. Cas then took the frames to the shed and waved Dean over.
Dean took a serving plate from the table and filled it with Sirloins, and then did the same for the corn on the cob. He went inside to grab condiments, sides, and drinks from the fridge. By the time Sam returned with the silverware, in a dryer outfit, dinner was all ready. "Is Jess comin'?" Dean asked. "Yeah, Laura just wanted some extra bedtime stories tonight." Dean nodded and opened two beers, giving one to his brother.
*******************
Dean absentmindedly licked his lips and then he crossed his legs to hid the fact that the pastor had him so turned on. 'This is so wrong.' "So, Cas..." Dean cleared his throat, trying to focus on something else. "Tell me your story. I want to hear about your upbringing." He encouraged. Cas withdrew his fingers from his mouth. "Right. Well, let's see. Gabriel is three years older than me. And for as long as I can remember, Gabe has never been attracted to girls. My mom and dad were very strict. They didn't allow us to date at all until we turned 18, so for a long time Gabriel's sexual orientation didn't really matter. Still, our parents had their suspicions and they practically banned anything considered "girly" from the household. We were raised up in the church and it's always felt like my home, like it's where I belong. Gabe, however, had quite a rebellious streak in his teens. At first, he started sneaking out to go to high school parties. After a while he began to drink and smoke and head down a dangerous path. My parents tried, in their own way, to help him. However, when they found out that he had been hooking up with other guys..." Cas looked at Dean with a deep sadness in his eyes. He sighed heavily. "They kicked him out of the house when he was 16. I was furious. I confronted them about it and I asked them how they could turn away their own son if they were truly followers of Christ. I can't remember what excuse they gave me, but I know they did it because they didn't want the church to look down on them. And I thought, I don't want to be a part of a church that condemns and judges it's members. I struggled with my beliefs for a while, but then I realized that the problem wasn't with my beliefs. It was with churches and people that only used bits and pieces of the bible to fit their twisted views. I decided that I wanted to build and lead a church that loved, accepted, and supported it's members. No matter their flaws." Cas' eyes were wet with tears. "And you did." Dean whispered. Cas nodded. "I did." A faint smile pulled at Cas' lips.
**********************
Dean all but raced to the church since he was running a bit late. He grabbed up a parking spot at the back of the lot and made his way inside. He found Sam and Jess sitting in a crowded pew towards the front. "Hi Dean!" Jess greeted cheerfully. "We weren't sure if you were going to come." She told him. "Yeah, I was actually surprised you came last week." His brother stated. "Did you find someone you might be interested in?" Jess asked, her face lighting up. "Oh. Uh, yeah, actually." Was all Dean responded. Worship music began to play and Dean quickly excused himself to find an open seat. He managed to squeeze into the third row and he looked around for Cas, whom he saw singing in the front row aisle seat. Dean smiled, he could barely make out the pastor's deep tone but he imagined that he had a nice singing voice. When the when the music stopped, Cas sat down.
A moment later his phone vibrated.
Three days later, Dean's alarm went off at the ass crack of dawn. Dean groaned in protest. He was sprawled out laying face down across his bed. "What the fuck." He said groggily into his pillow. He lifted his head, eyes squinting, and slammed his hand down on his alarm clock to shut it the hell up. 'What is wrong with people. Who wants to go to church at 8am on a Sunday?' Dean thought bitterly. He yawned deeply and sat up. The red numbers on the little clock read 7:01am. UGH. Dean rubbed the sleep from his eyes and placed his feet down onto the carpeted floor of his bedroom. 'Maybe a nice hot shower will help wake me up.' Dean effectively turned his apartment bathroom into a sauna with scolding hot water creating massive amounts of steam. The hot water felt really good and Dean didn't want to leave the shower, but he also didn't want to get bitched at by Jess for being late. The cold bedroom air hit him full force as he exited the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. "Shit!" Dean swore. He was definitely awake now. 'Brrr...' Dean all but ran over to his dresser and grabbed a pair of boxers from the top drawer. He shoved them on as he riffled through another drawer looking for something presentable. He ended up in his least distressed pair of jeans, a long sleeve red plaid button down with a neutral undershirt, his trusty pair of cowboy boots, and a winning smile. Though the smile was a little forced at this hour. "Alright, here we go." Dean told himself.
'Yeah, no shit.' Dean thought bitterly. Just then Cas began to stir.
Dean was a bundle of nerves by the time 7 o'clock rolled around. He must have changed a half a dozen different times. 'Is this too casual?' He kept thinking. Cas didn't give him any sort of hint about where he was taking him. He sighed heavily. The butterflies in his stomach multiplied with every passing minute. Dean couldn't remember the last time he felt this way. At 7:30pm Dean changed for the last time. He decided on a snug black t-shirt under a long sleeve olive green button down, paired with his nicest pair of jeans. As always, Dean wore the cowboy boots that he practically lived in. He sat himself on the couch and waited for Castiel to show up.
*************************************
At 6pm on Wednesday night, Dean was on the downtown strip showing off his beautiful Impala. Several blocks of the street were roped off to traffic, and gorgeous cars (old and new) lined both sides of the road. There were tents with vendors along the sidewalks, handing out pamphlets and selling goods. Bobby was set up behind Dean and his baby, advertising the shop. Families and car enthusiasts walked along, admiring cars, eating treats from the various vendors, and engaging with the car owners.
--You got Pastor Castiel drunk? Dude, I'm actually kind of impressed. Wait, is that who you're interested in? You might be barking up the wrong tree with him.--
Another man from the front row stood and made his way to the podium. "Welcome to United Calvary Methodist Church!" The blonde man exclaimed. "I'm pastor Sam. It's great to see the church so packed this morning. And what a glorious morning it it. Every morning is, if you think about. Yes? God has given you the air in your lungs, the ability to experience another day on Earth." Pastor Sam preached an in depth sermon about being Thankful. Time seemed to pass slower this time for Dean, but eventually the sermon was wrapped up and the church was dismissed.
--Not Gabe, Pastor Castiel.--
Those words sent a jolt of electricity through Cas' body that melted away his apprehensions. He kissed Dean, this time rearranging himself to straddle the taller man. Dean placed his hands on Cas' hips and kissed him back. Cas pulled back and looked deep into Dean's emerald eyes, reading them. Then he leaned in again and kissed him harder, deepening the kiss. The excitement of something so new and exhilarating pulsed through Cas' veins and he moaned into the kiss. Cas let his hands explore the feel of the firm body under him. Dean's hands came up under Cas' shirt, gripping his back and keeping him in close. "Cas..." Dean moaned the Pastor's name as they parted for air. The sound went straight to Cas' dick. He was so incredibly hard. "Cas...If we keep going like this...I'm not going to be able to stop." Dean said, panting heavily. Dean's eyes were blown wide with lust and Cas could feel how hard the other man was underneath him. "Then don't stop." Cas said before grabbing two fistfuls of Dean's shirt and pulling him back in, kissing him passionately. Dean's hands grabbed Cas' perfect round ass and squeezed the firm flesh. Cas moaned at the possessive touch. Dean leaned all the way forward, laying Cas down on his back with Cas' legs still wrapped around his waist. Dean moved his kisses down Cas' jawline to his throat, where he sucked and nipped and licked. Dean pressed their bodies together, creating friction, and Castiel was a moaning mess underneath of him. Dean unbuttoned Cas' shirt while he worked on his neck. In no time, Cas' bare chest was exposed and Dean traveled his kisses downward.
Instead, he handed Cas a mug and then sat down next to him. Cas set his cup down in order to remove his stifling dark blue sweater. As he raised it up over his head, the plaid button down also came up with it and Dean got a nice glimpse of the man's toned body. Cas pulled the plaid shirt back down and discarded the sweater onto the floor. Then picked the cup back up and sipped happily on his coffee. Dean was stunned silent from having just received a non intended show. Mmm...Cas hummed. "This is very good, Dean." Cas' plaid shirt was a short sleeve one and Dean was admiring his muscular arms. He subconsciously licked his lips at the sight. "Damn Cas. Is there a weight room at the church?" Dean asked before his brain could tell him to shut up.
*********************
"Heya Sam!" Someone greeted from behind the brothers. Sam turned around to see who it was. "Hey Gabe! Good morning." Sam greeted in return, shaking his friends hand. "And who's this handsome fella?" Gabe asked, wagging his eyebrows. Sam laughed, Gabe was such a character. "This is my brother, Dean." He informed. "Dean, this is Gabriel Novak." Sam introduced. "Pssh. Please, so formal. You can call me Gabe." He told Dean, shaking his hand as well. "Gabe. Nice to meet you." Dean told him with a wink. Gabe's face lit up at the gesture. "Good morning Gabe!" Jess said cheerily, joining them now that the kids were squared away. "Good morning Jess!" Gabe replied, giving her a quick hug. "Dean, I want to introduce you to a few people." She told him, grabbing him by the hand. Sam stayed back to chat with Gabe and Jess introduced Dean to a few of her church friends before the service started. Though no one except Gabe had really held his attention. That is until after he, Sam, and Jess were seated in the fifth row and the worship songs were sung...
Dean woke up bright and early on Sunday. He put on a classic rock station to listen to and then hopped into a steaming hot shower. Afterwards he spent a little extra time putting product in his hair to get it just the way he liked it. He put careful thought into his wardrobe, deciding on a burgundy button down with a black undershirt, a nice pair of jeans, and his cowboy boots. 'Perfect' He thought as he checked himself out in the mirror.
The hour long sermon flew by and all too soon, the church was dismissed. Dean stood when Sam and Jess did, and followed them to the front of the church, where other members were gathered to gossip. "What did you think?" Sam asked his brother. "Huh? Yeah. It was good." Dean responded. "You aren't one of the pastors here, are ya Sammy?" He joked when he remembered that there was a pastor Sam. Jess and Sam both burst out in laughter. Some nearby people gave them strange looks. "No. I am definitely not a pastor." Sam laughed. Jess introduced him to yet more church goers. He gave her a 'Really?' look after a few minutes. "I'm just trying to introduce you to as many people as I can, since you won't be joining us again." She told him. "Ah, that's a shame. We really love to see newcomers at our church." Pastor Castiel cut in. Dean hadn't realized that the pastor had made his way over to them. "My apologies for ease dropping, I was just coming over to say hello." Castiel added. "That's okay Pastor." Jess told him. "I actually need to go grab the kids from downstairs." She said before heading off.
--He spent the night?????--
"She's as beautiful as always!" Dean heard Sam exclaim from behind him. He turned around to see Sam, Jess, and the kids. "Thanks!" Dean smiled proudly. "It really is a gorgeous car, and you do a great job of keeping it running smoothly." Jess praised. Laura and Thomas didn't bother to comment, as they were elbow deep into a bag of candied caramel corn. Jess was going to have an interesting night, trying to put those two to bed. "So...how are things going with you and Gabe?" Sam practically whispered. Dean gave him a look. "I don't think this is exactly the right place to talk about that." Dean said, looking around at the growing crowd of people. "That good, huh?" Sam replied. Dean chuckled at that. "I'll fill you in later." He told his brother. "Sounds good." Sam said, before he and his family wandered off to look at the booths and at other cars.
**************************************
--Dean, answer your phone!--
Buzz, buzz.
"Hello Dean." Cas greeted. Dean's breath caught in his throat. God, that man was gorgeous, especially in this lighting. Dean stood from the car. "Hey Cas! I didn't think you were going to make it." He said, reaching out and pulling him into a hug. Cas stood still for a moment and then lifted his hands to pat Deans back. Dean pulled away, blushing. "Sorry. I'm just happy to see you." Dean told him. Cas smiled. "My apologies for being so incredibly late. There was a bit of an emergency at the church that I had to deal with, and then it took me a while to walk here." Castiel explained. "You...walked? From the church?" Dean asked, surprised. "Yes." Cas answered simply. "You didn't have to do that." Dean told him. "I wanted to come see your car. You spoke very fondly of it. And, I was hoping that I would get to enjoy some festivities." Cas said, looking around at the now nearly deserted street. "Yeah, sorry, the show's wrapping up." Dean told him. Cas looked disappointed.
Dean's phone vibrated in his pocket but he ignored it.
***************************************
--I got a holy man drunk last night.--
Cas leaned forward and firmly put a hand on Dean's knee. "Dean. I'm so sorry that you had such a rough past." He removed his hand and returned it to his lap. "That took a lot of strength and a lot of love to do what you did for Sam." Cas stated. "Though, it sounds like you're in the same boat as me. You've spent you're life caring for others but you yourself have never truly been cared for either. I hope you find that as well." He said sincerely. "Thanks Cas." Dean picked up his honeycomb from the plate and took another bite. "Perhaps on a happier note, you could tell me a little about your current life." Cas suggested. Dean nodded. He waited until he was finished with his bite and then he spoke. "Well, as you know,I work as a mechanic in town. I'm also pretty good with handyman type work too. I love old cars and classic rock. I love spending time with Laura and Thomas. Oh, and I love good tasting food. That about sums me up." Dean said. "I've seen you with your niece and nephew. It's wonderful that you play and have fun with them. You can tell they really love you." Cas told him. "Old cars, rock and roll, and good food." Cas reiterated, as if memorizing it. "You're a classic man." Dean nodded. "So I've been told." "Do you drive a classic car?" Cas inquired. "A jet black 1967 Chevy Impala, she's my baby." Dean grinned. Cas returned the smile. "You should come to the car show being held downtown this Wednesday night, I'll have my baby on display. That is, if you're allowed to have fun." Dean teased. Cas chuckled and shook his head. "Of course I'm allowed to 'have fun'. I'm a pastor, Dean. Not a priest." He informed. Dean smiled a mischievous smile. "Good. The show is on Main street in the downtown strip at 6pm." He specified. "I'll be there." Cas promised.
Dean wasn't sure if he wanted to go to Sam's church again, but as the week began to pass he realized that he couldn't get that dark haired, blue eyed pastor out of his mind. 'One more time won't kill me', he told himself. Actually, he found that the week was going by much slower than usual. Bobby seemed to notice that Dean's mind was wondering. "You okay there, son?" He asked him more than once this week. "Yeah. Sorry Bobby. I'm fine." He'd answer from underneath a hood or an entire car. "Mmm hmm." Bobby would respond unconvinced.
"Sam, good to see you." Castiel said, shaking his hand. "Good to see you too Castiel. How's the garden doing?" Sam asked, clasping a hand on his shoulder. Castiel smiled brightly. "The garden is quite plentiful this year. God has been very gracious." He answered. "Pastor Castiel, this is my brother Dean." Sam said introduced. "Hello Dean. It's wonderful to meet you." Castiel said sincerely. "I do hope that you consider joining us again next week. Pastor Gabriel will be giving a delightful sermon about acceptance." Dean cringed. He didn't really correlate churches with acceptance. "Acceptance. Ah. And just how accepting is your church? You know, since you are rooted in churches of old and all?" Dean inquired. "Dean!" Sam scolded. "No, no. It's perfectly alright Sam." Castiel told him. "You may find that this church is very open minded about today's controversial views." Castiel told him. "Hmm, well, I may just have to come again next Sunday to find out." Dean stated with a polite smile. "Also, I have just got to know the story behind your name. It's quite a mouthful." Dean told him. Sam elbowed Dean in the side. "What?" Dean mouthed at him. "Yes, well, my parents were very religious. I happen to be named after an angel, as well as my brother, Gabriel." Dean nodded. "Cool. Sam was named after our grandfather on our mom's side." He told the pastor. "Family names are very special." Castiel commented, his eyes locked on Dean's.
When Dean returned to the church there were only a few members left chatting. Castiel was in the corner talking with Gabriel. Dean walked over and the brothers concluded their conversation. "Dean. I'm glad to see you again." Cas said, a small smile forming on his gorgeous face. Dean felt himself blush, happy that Cas liked seeing him. 'What are you, twelve? Say something back.' "Yeah, well, I guess I just couldn't stay away." He declared. A stupid grin playing across his features. Dean cleared his throat and got his face under control. "Besides, you owe me a story." Cas chuckled. "I suppose I do." Gabe looked between Cas and Dean, wondering if he was seeing something there. "Well then, I'll leave you two be." Gabriel declared before shuffling off down a hallway.
***********
"So, Cas..." Dean started. He shifted his weight and looked over at him, taking in the sight of his casual attire. The Pastor wore a navy blue sweater over a plaid button down and a nice pair of jeans. He looked down right angelic in the bar's romantic lighting. "What do you normally do for fun?" He questioned. "You know, besides preaching on Sundays and gardening?" Dean clarified. The bartender choose that moment to walk over. "Hey there, Pastor Castiel! It's good to see you!" She exclaimed. Cas smiled politely at her. "It is always a pleasure to see you as well, Pamela." He replied. "What can I get for you boys? Would you like your usual?" She asked. 'The usual?' Dean's mind screamed at him. "No, thank you. I think that I will have a bottle of the locally brewed beer tonight." Cas answered. Pamela smiled and looked over at Dean. "El Sol." Dean smiled and winked at the bartender. She rolled her eyes in response. Cas chuckled as she walked away to grab their beers. "She's quite a character." He mused. "Are you a regular here Padre?" Dean asked incredulously. Cas' brows furrowed and he tilted his head. "Dean, you keep confusing me for a Priest." He informed the taller man. "Pastor's are not restrained to the rules that Priest's are. I am allowed to drink, date, and otherwise enjoy myself." He laughed.
"While Sam makes a good point, you are in your forties already, Dean." Jess said, walking out onto the patio. "Jess.." Sam scolded. "What? It's true." She objected as she sat next to her husband and began filling a plate with food. "You two didn't have to wait for me to start eating." She smiled. "This looks and smells amazing, Dean. Thank you." She told him. "Hey, you've been working hard, saving lives and stuff. It's the least I could do." Dean told her. Her smile brightened at that statement. "Well, Dean, you are definitely going to make somebody very happy. And while I do agree with Sam, I also think that it might be a good idea for you to try some new things too. Maybe even some things that are out of your comfort zone." Jess advised. All three adults began to dig in to their food. Dean was pretty pleased with his cooking. "Dude, this tastes amazing. You are like, the grill master." Sam praised. Dean beamed with pride. "So, uh, Jess. What kind of things do you think I should try? Like, what did you mean, 'outside of my comfort zone'?" He asked before stuffing his mouth full of food.
--Gabe? Also, Pastor's are allowed to drink and date, and whatnot.-- Sam quickly replied. Dean bit the inside of his cheek.
***********
They ate and watched the movie in contented silence. When the food was all gone, they snuggled in close. The ending was sad and Dean ended up holding Cas in his arms to comfort him. Dean was grateful that Cas brought so many blankets because it was getting a bit chilly. When the movie ended Cas put the computer away in the backpack and then snuggled back up against Dean, leaning his head back onto the taller man's shoulder.  "That was a great movie." Dean told him. "I always cry at the end, but I love the moral of the story." Cas said. Dean enjoyed the feel of his arms wrapped around Cas' waist. Cas brought a hand up to cradle Dean's face and then turned the man's face towards his own. He raised his head and met Dean's lips with his own. The kiss was unhurried and tender. Cas sat back upright and swung his legs over Dean's, so that they were face to face and then he kissed him again. "I've been wanting to do that since the last time we kissed." Cas confessed. "Me too." Dean told him. He put a hand behind Cas' neck and pulled him back in. They kissed a few more times, gentle and slow.
Once inside, Cas wasn't sure what to do with himself. "Make yourself at home." Dean told him as he tossed his keys and wallet into a bowl by the door. Cas hesitantly walked over to the sofa and sat down, his eyes scanning over the living room. "Want another beer?" Dean called from the kitchen. "Sure." He called back. Cas admired the simplicity of the Decor in Dean's home. Everything served a purpose, he liked that. Dean walked over and handed him a bottle of beer. It was the same brand that Dean had ordered at the bar. Dean sat his own beer bottle down on the coffee table along with some pretzels to snack on. Then he walked over to an ancient boom box and scoured through a box of cassette tapes next to it. "Ah Ha!" He exclaimed when he found the one he was looking for. He popped it in the boom box and pressed play. Gentle plucking of guitar strings filled the room. Cas grabbed a few pretzels to munch on and Dean turned around and joined him on the couch. "This is Led Zeppelin." He told Cas as he also grabbed a handful of pretzels to eat. Cas nodded and listened to the music as he ate.
"It's very calming." Cas commented after a bit. "Yeah. I love this mixed tape. It's mostly soft rock." Dean told him. Cas took a long drink from his beer to wash down the salty pretzels. "So, what else have you wanted to do but felt you couldn't?" Dean asked him. Cas shrugged. "I haven't traveled as much as I've wanted to...I'd like to experience my first kiss, among other things...maybe go skinny dipping..." As soon as Cas started he felt like he couldn't stop. He started remembering all sorts of things he wanted to try when he was younger. "...sleep under the stars...do something completely spontaneous, maybe even risky...take a midnight stroll through the woods...I'm sorry, I'm rambling." He said. "That's okay, that's a great start." Dean encouraged.
When Dean's alarm went off on Sunday morning, he got out of bed happily and started his morning routine. Dean got to the church early again to meet up with Sam, Jess, and the kids. Jess showed Dean where the kids went downstairs and they chatted with the teacher for a bit. When they got back upstairs, Sam had saved them a seat in the second row. Dean let Jessica slide in next to her husband, and he took the aisle seat. A smile played across Dean's face when he saw Castiel sitting just in front of him. "Hey Cas!" Dean greeted the man cheerfully. The pastor turned around with a puzzled expression from the unfamiliar nickname. "Dean! I'm glad you made it." He smiled brightly. Dean's heart skipped a beat. God, that man was sinfully hot. The music began to play and Cas turned back around to sing in worship.
Once Dean was inside, Cas closed the door and took off his beekeeping suit. "Would you like to help retrieve the honey from the frames?" He asked Dean. "Sure, why not." He replied. Cas handed him one and then gave him a knife. He took the other and grabbed a knife for himself as well. "Take the knife and scrape off the top layer of wax on both sides." He instructed. Meanwhile, with his frame, Cas cut the honeycombs out of the frame and then sliced them into thin chunks. He put most of them into glass jars and then grabbed Dean's frame to put into the extractor. "It will take a few hours for the honey to get extracted from the combs." He told Dean while putting lids on the jars. "But I cut us a few pieces of fresh honeycombs we can eat. The wax is edible if you don't mind the chewy texture. Why don't we take these to my office and we can eat them while we talk?" He suggested. Dean nodded his approval.
*********************
"Have you told anyone about the kiss?" Cas asked. "Just Sam." Dean said. "I told Gabriel. He about died." Cas laughed. Dean laughed too. He could only imagine the crazy reaction Cas got. "Gabe told me to wait a day before calling you. He also said that he could tell right away that I was into you, and he gave me a lot of dating advice." Cas said. "Oh?" Dean inquired. "He told me not to rush into things too fast, because I could get my heart broken. He wasn't sure of your intentions." Cas told him. "That's fair. I'm new to the church and he doesn't know me." Dean theorized. "I guess, I just feel like I've missed out for so long that I want to make up for lost time." Cas shrugged. "Well, I've had my share of heart breaks, of being used, and using people. I just want to build a life with someone. I hope that could be you." Dean said honestly. Cas smiled at that. "You want to build a life with me, Dean?" "Yes. I do." Dean said without hesitation.
They walked down to the parking lot and Dean wondered what kind of car Cas drove. Except, he didn't drive a car at all. Cas opened up the passenger side door to a old Ford Ranger. "A pick up truck?" Dean questioned curiously. "I don't drive all that much and the truck is nice for when I need to haul things for church events." Cas explained. Dean hopped in and Cas went around to get into the driver's seat. "Where are we going?" Dean asked. "It's a surprise." Cas told him. They drove past the town and down some back roads. Dean wondered where he could possibly be taking him, as there wasn't anything out this way. Still, they drove on until they were on an old dirt road and passing corn fields. Finally, Cas pulled down what looked like a driveway, but Dean couldn't see a house. It was more like a pathway between corn stalks. Very private and secluded. "Are we allowed to be here?" Dean asked when Cas parked the truck. "I know the owner of the property and I got permission beforehand." Cas confirmed. "Come on. I'll show you what I got planned." Cas said with a grin.
"How do you feel about Bees?" Cas asked Dean. "Bees?" Dean asked, confused as to why he would ask. "Yes. Honeybees." Cas clarified. "I don't know. I mean, I'm not afraid of them, but I do my best to avoid them." Dean answered. Cas nodded. "Follow me." He ordered. Dean obeyed, following Cas down the same hallway Gabe had just gone down. There were plenty of doors but Cas lead him to the one in the back. It lead outside, behind the church, where there was a stunning garden. 'This must be the garden Sam and Jess asked about.' Dean took in the beautiful sight of growing fruits, vegetables, and flowers. The garden was very large and well organized. "Wow, Cas. This is..." Dean didn't know what word to use to describe it. He walked forward, taking in the striking colors of the flowers, admiring the plump and colorful produce. Cas watched as Dean reached out and carefully cradled a white rose, leaning in to smell it's sweet perfume. Cas smiled warmly, enjoying Dean's admiration of his garden. It was something he was proud of, though he did try to be humble about it. "Gardening is a passion of mine." Cas explained. "You did all of this?" Dean asked in awe, continuing to walk down the path. "I started the garden when the church was first built. Though now I tend to it with the help of some of my flock, as it is quite large." Cas replied. "It's amazing." Dean stated. Cas' smile grew bigger. Dean liked the look on him. As they neared the end of the garden, Dean heard a loud buzzing sound. 'Bees.'
Cas followed Dean's gaze to his exposed arms and chuckled. He pinched his shirt and pulled it outward, then released it, letting it drop back onto his body. "I do workout regularly, only with body weight movements though. Sit ups, push ups, and the like. Plus gardening helps keep me toned up." Cas told him.
Dean gives a little whine. “Why not? Feels so good, Cas. Want you so bad.”
It’s then that he realizes that the answer is the very thing he’s searching for. The mistletoe.
Silence falls over the house but the air is so tense you’d have thought lightning struck. Cas stares ahead blankly, too afraid to talk or even think.
“I can’t thank you enough for coming over today, Dean,” Cas says. “It would have taken me weeks to do this by myself.”
Dean claps the waiter on the shoulder as he passes by. “Great. And don’t forget to check the safe before you head out. Good work tonight.”
Sam huffed a short laugh. “You could say that. I’m so sorry, Cas. I never thought he would pull something like that. You should have called me right away.”
They never talked about him — they weren’t allowed to. But Dean could see the toll it was taking on his friend to lie, could practically smell Cas’s questions and concerns on her even after her scent-neutralizing shower and the sterile clothing she always had to change into. One time it got so bad, Dean flipped a table trying to escape.
Dean had been imagining that conversation for a year, had played it out a hundred different ways. Sometimes, they were pleasant, ending close to the way it actually had. In some, Cas had turned his back, punched Dean or even just broken down and cried. Those were the nightmares.
“We weren’t even dating then!” Cas cries. “There was nothing to be jealous of. I just wanted to have a child and you-you-”
“You think you don’t deserve it?” Cas challenged.
“Cas, man,” Benny starts, his voice as soft as Dean’s ever heard it. “Hey, we didn’t mean to-”
“It’s Dean.”
He watches the fear in Cas’s eyes turn to wonderment and he can see a soft blush high on his cheeks.
These last few months haven’t been easy. Staying away from Cas and Callie was maybe the hardest thing he’s ever done and it hadn’t been his intention. In fact, he was absolutely horrified when he woke up the morning after Cas had shared news of the engagement to find his body going through rejection.
“Dean?” Charlie asked, leaning close to him. “Are you okay?”
It had been a year but it was clear Dean hadn’t forgotten a single detail about Cas’s body. And when Cas got the chance, he explored Dean with the same level of familiarity and reverence. They took their time, thoughts of tomorrow pushed far away to make room for now, whatever this moment would become in the complicated love story of Dean and Cas. They didn’t think about it, didn’t allow themselves.
“I didn’t mean for any of this to happen, Anna. I didn’t mean to show up here last week. I really didn’t. It just happened and… it’s getting worse.”
“Hey- woah, woah, ow, Cas what the fuck?!”
“Yes,” Cas says softly. “There’s a chance.”
“No,” Cas argues. “Not even a little.”
Oh, God, it couldn’t be.
“Excellent decision,” another woman chimes in. “Balthazar will finally have his legal rights as the alpha parent.”
His office was quiet, as the majority of his department was also out giving exams right now. Cas gave each of his assistants a grading key and split the mountain of exams into equal portions amongst them, sending them away with a thank you.
Before Dean can think, he feels soft lips press into his.
The groaning would stop then, morphing into a charming smile and Dean would hold Cas closer to him, pepper little kisses all over his neck.
The person creeps even closer and Cas’s fingers tighten around the bat. He shrinks back from the corner, raising the bar just that much higher as the person’s shadow crosses the threshold and he swings-
The smile that grows across his face is almost painful. “I would love that.”
“I could ask you the same question,” Sam returned, and Dean could hear the bite in his voice, the judgement and looming scolding.
“All right, babe. I’ll see you in a bit. Love you.”
Brady chuckles warmly, taking his hand back and wrapping it around Dean’s waist. “It wasn’t easy but what can I say?” He presses a kiss to the bolt of Dean’s jaw whose flushed pink at the attention. “I’m nothing if not determined.”
They were questions Cas couldn’t afford to worry himself with.
But every time he got around to deciding he would go, he would think of Dean and the idea would drop. Because it wasn’t just that Cas didn’t want to see Dean. Actually, it was quite the opposite. And that scared him.
“Why not?”
Dean had spent the majority of his recovery in the hospital, eventually transitioning to a comfortable private room with nice nurses who smelled like nothing. Charlie was put in charge of his personal affairs outside of his little room — contacting his family to let them know where he was, bringing him things from home, making sure every trace of Cas or Callie’s scent was gone from the apartment. And perhaps most importantly of all, trying to keep Cas off his tail.
“We were,” Charlie says, licking her fingers. “But then he moved back and you’ve been acting funny. Dude, kinda early isn’t it?” she asks when Dean slides her a bottle.
“Balthazar!” Cas hissed.
And for the first time that evening, Dean thinks Brady looks at the little girl at the head of their table. Huh. “Oh, so she’s… aware?”
“Nope.”
Dean chuckles. “Call me when you’re free. I’ll see you soon, okay?”
“But if you really want to give me a gift,” he says, pulling away and looking at Dean from beneath his lashes, “I have an idea of something you can give me.”
And now he’s hearing about a lust spell. Cas —
Bobby grunts as if to say that’s an understatement. He faces Dean and wags a finger. “You listen to these doctors and I better not see your ass anywhere near the garage for at least two weeks.”
But Dean can’t say all that to Callie so he goes for a reassuring smile. “No, sweetheart, I could never be mad at you.”
He had been able to finally vent his feelings to Dean but he hadn’t gotten any answers.
Saturday when Deanna will arrive and stand on that balcony she built with someone else and Cas will…
Cas steps closer to him, his frown deepening. “What are you talking about?”
“I can’t wait, kiddo. I bet it was awesome.”
She holds her hands up. “I didn’t say anything.”
All Dean can do is shrug. “Gotta give it a shot, right?”
Cas grimaces. “I tried but I just didn’t feel comfortable buying it online. I want to see it myself and feel it. Talk to an expert and make sure it’s safe.”
He disappears into the rushing crowd before Cas can say anything.
The second is at a party and Dean completely ignores him. There’s an unspoken physical boundary that neither dares to cross and Dean’s eyes never wander in Cas’s direction after that initial contact. Cas goes home early, claiming a stomachache and he isn’t even lying.
“When you asked me to help you find a donor it killed me because all I could think about was how badly I wanted to give that to you. To be your mate and give you children. But I knew you didn’t want that from me so I tried to be a good friend. When you left I thought I was going to finally move on. I thought I actually had moved on,” Dean amends, daring to take a step closer. “But the second you got back I realized not a damn thing had changed. I’m still in love with you Cas. Have been since freshman year.”
“Is that a smile I detect?” Balthazar teased as Cas stepped out of his office.
This was the end game.
Cas can hear the judgement in his voice and gives a stiff shrug. “I wanted to be prepared in case something happened to my first one.”
Summoning all of her courage with one breath, Cas climbs the stairs.
“What are you doing hiding in here?”
A knot in Dean’s stomach twisted and must have shown on his face because Cas grimaced. “Too soon?”
Dean grins. “I asked why you were smiling like that, you dork.”
“You literally study this shit for a living.”
She nods a small goodbye to Cas who is barely resisting glaring at her and she takes her leave. Dean waits until the door clicks shut to look at him, his eyebrows riding high. “Um, you okay, man?”
“So something did happen?”
Cas felt choked. He leaned in to wrap Charlie in another hug. “Oh, Charlie, I’m so happy for you. Congratulations.”
“Just wait till this weekend,” Charlie said with a wink. “That will get all the stress out of you.”
Cas heads toward the fridge and checks on the rolls of cookie dough he has setting. He was going to back cut them out and bake them tonight after he finished with his decorations. Maybe he should make an early batch so he can take some to Dean’s.
His body was still recuperating from the other night. It felt like he had run a marathon instead of practically drinking an entire bar. And his mind… Well, that had been messed up long before then. But now he had images of Cas rotating in his head 24/7 and it was damn annoying.
“Oh, right.” Dean smiles sheepishly but takes the few steps to invade Brady’s space, pushing his body against the counter and sliding their lips together. “I’m home, sweetheart.”
“I’m so sorry,” he says around the sobs. “Dean, I’m so sorry.”
“Oh, trust me, I plan to.” And with that, Gabe vanished.
Cas fills his day with errands and friends. He cleans around the apartment, not that there’s much to clean because Dean is such a neat freak nothing is given the opportunity to get dirty.
“How was dinner?” Brady asks on the other end.
“’m fiiiiiine, Cas. Really,” Dean assured him. “No’ tha drunk a’tall.”
“You want to punch me?”
“You okay?” he asks and it sounds so damn casual, like he isn’t unleashing a storm of arousal in Cas’s body and turning his mind to a dizzy whirlwind of confusion and desire.
Dean glances at the clock on the microwave. “Okay. I’ll be there.”
Dean sighs and digs his chin a little deeper into Cas’s shoulder. “You have no idea.”
Baby looked far too good for the hybrids surrounding her and you could practically see her nose stuck up in the air as the glow of the sun hit her fender.
Its at two years, nine months, and twenty days when Dean suggests they try to break their record. And Cas blushes and says it’s impossible even as his eyes light up and he licks his lips.
It was about a fifteen-minute walk to the deli Sam had texted Cas to come to. Cas stepped inside and glanced around, searching for a familiar red head and an absurdly broad pair of shoulders.
“Whoa,” Callie whispers, eyes roaming the open floor plan with open wonder. “Is that your TV?”
“Dean?” Cas asks carefully, eyes shifting to wear Lisa and her friends stand just outside the throng or dancers, looking at them expectantly. “Lisa is calling for you.”
And it’s ridiculous, he’d told himself. He and Dean weren’t mated. Dean was his best friend. He had no say in what the other man did or whom he dated. Dean was doing him a huge favor by attending these classes, Cas had no right to demand any more from him.
And god, Cas can barely handle that confession. “Really?”
Cas’s eyes tell him to shut up so he does. “That’s not what I want, Dean. Do you know what I want? My ultimate dream for years now?”
“She hates me,” Cas says and pushes closer against Dean’s body.
So they sat in silence for several minutes.
“I said the tulle needs to be draped two feet apart, Garth, not one and a half,” she calls out.
Cas’s jaw drops. “But how-how-”
“Was is Lisa?” Benny asks.
Dean’s eyes widen. “What the hell did I do?”
Dean nods. “Yeah, can’t risk me scent bonding anyone for three months. Then I’ll be good as new.”
“Has made these last few weeks the most stressful time of my life,” Cas interrupts.
He doesn’t respond because his brain is working overtime to spin these fractures into a memory.
He closes the door behind them and leans against it. The quiet of the apartment builds around him, heavy brick by brick. But it doesn’t provide peace this time.
Deanna snorts a laugh and rolls her eyes, but when she refocuses on Cas everything about the way she looks at her friend is soft and reverent. “Because I love you.”
**********************************
Just then Laura ran over to Dean. "Hey there, little Laurie!" Dean smiled and scooped her up. "How was Sunday School?" He asked. "It was fun. I colored a picture for you." She told him. "You did?" Laura nodded her head. "Well aren't you just the sweetest little girl?" He said, tickling her belly. She squealed and giggled until he stopped. "Uncle Dean. No fair." She laughed. "You're right. I should tickle Thomas too!" Dean said before reaching down and tickling Thomas as well. "No!" He squealed happily. "Uncle Dean!" He laughed before running behind Pastor Castiel. The pastor looked over at Dean fondly. Jess laughed and shook her head. "Pastor Castiel, how's the garden?" She asked. "It's doing wonderfully! It seems to be more bountiful each year." He beamed. "That is so great!" Jess exclaimed. "Please excuse me. I need to engage with other members." Castiel said, when another member waved at him. "Do make sure you bring this one back with you next week." He told Jess gesturing towards Dean.  "Oh, well I can try." She laughed. Castiel nodded and then left to talk to other church members.
"I've never been drunk." Cas stated bashfully. Dean's heart leaped into his throat. "Do you want to get drunk tonight?" He asked hesitantly. "Tonight's as good as any. If you want." Cas said quickly. "I'll get something stronger." Dean declared, standing from the couch. Cas' stomach rapidly filled with butterflies. He wondered what being drunk would feel like. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 'What am I doing? I shouldn't be at his house. This feels too intimate.' He thought. But then Dean reappeared with a bottle of Rum, a few cans of coke, and some glasses. "Coke and rum is easy to drink and usually pretty easy on the stomach too." Dean told him. "Are you cool with crashing on the couch tonight?" Cas smiled. "Yes." Something about being around Dean was very calming to him. He didn't know if it was the golden green eyes, the fact that he radiated confidence, or his cocky smile.  It was concerning how potent this effect was on him though. Dean poured him a mixture of the coke and alcohol, and held it back to him. Cas took it and sipped a taste. "Not bad at all." He commented. Dean poured himself a mixture, using a bit more rum than he put in Cas'. He sat beside the shorter man and kicked his feet up on the coffee table. "Don't worry Cas, I won't take you to get a tattoo after you're drunk." Dean joked. "You're never gonna look at me the same on Sunday's, are you?" Cas laughed. He continued to sip on his drink. "That's not necessarily a bad thing." Dean reassured him.
Dean slipped some money on the counter and then he and Cas headed to the Impala. The drive to his apartment was slow, they seemed to be catching every red light, but Dean didn't care. He had his favorite mixed tape turned up and he sang along to the words when the chorus played, occasionally tapping on the steering wheel like a drum. Cas sat and absorbed the music as he watched Dean curiously. "Here we are." Dean announced when they pulled up to his apartment complex. Cas followed him up the stairs and waited patiently for Dean to unlock the door.
"So you didn't make a move on him then?" Sam pressed. "Well, not last night..." He said. "Dean! Seriously?" Sam asked exasperated. "Hey! I didn't make the move, he made a move on me this morning. Asked if I was attracted to him and I told him yes." Dean told his brother. "Oh, yeah, right." Sam retorted. "I swear Sam! And then he asked if he could kiss me." He heard Sam make a strangled sound. "You kissed Pastor Castiel?" He asked in disbelief. "Yeah, I did. And it was really sweet." Dean said, blushing. "Wow." Was all Sam could reply. "Just, wow. I did not see that one coming." Dean sighed contently. "Neither did I, but I'm happy that it did." He smiled. "Okay. It will taking some getting used to, but...okay." Sam told him. "Anyway, I've got to get back to work." Sam said, clearing his throat. "Right." Dean replied. "But you should come over for dinner on Saturday." Sam invited. "I'll be there." Dean told him.
"Hmm....well, you could always join Sam and I at church?" She offered. "Church?" Dean asked. "That would be outside of your comfort zone." Sam input, fighting back a smart-ass grin. Dean shot him a look. "Right." Jess agreed with Sam. "And, there are quite a few single girls, and guys, that attend." She told him. Dean lifted a brow at Sam. "What?!?" He said raising his fork defensively. "It's not a secret, Dean." Dean looked at his brother and nodded. It wasn't, he just didn't like to go around announcing his sexual preferences.  "Ah, what the hell. I'll go with you on Sunday. But only the one time, to scope it out." Dean insisted. Sam and Jess both laughed. "Deal." Jess told him. "And if that doesn't work, we could sign you up for an advanced cooking course, or set you up an online dating profile." She suggested. "Wow. You're not gonna. stop until I've got a date, huh?" Dean laughed. "Consider me you're match-maker, or love guru, or whatever it's called." She giggled. Oh, boy. Dean was in for it now.
He helped release her from her car seat and then grabbed her up into his arms. "I want to be an airplane!" Laura shouted. "An airplane? What about, a superhero?" Dean suggested. He lifted her into the air with her body cradled by one of his muscular arms, and then slowly ran forward allowing his niece to feel like she was flying. He even hummed her a silly theme song on the way inside. At the main entrance Dean waited for Sam, Jess, and Thomas to catch up, since he had no idea where she was supposed to go. Many of the people coming in smiled at Dean, having seen his silly display. "You're a riot." Jess told him before grabbing Laura from Dean. "Alright Superhero, let's go to Sunday School!" She told her daughter. Sam followed in behind hand in hand with Thomas. "Alright buddy, off to Sunday School." He told him. Thomas followed his mom down the stairs.
After the music died down, Gabe took his place behind the podium. "Good morning! Thank you for joining us this week. I would like to begin by thanking everyone for their generous donations towards the hurricane relief fund. We were overwhelmed by the amount of support we've received. I would also like to ask everyone to keep Matthew and Jennifer's son, Wyatt, in their prayers. He was recently diagnosed with stage two stomach cancer, and he has a rough road of recovery ahead of him." Pastor Gabe began. He paused to allow the news to sink in. "Now, today's message is all about acceptance. Which is something that many of us struggle with on a daily basis. See, we are all sinners." Gabe said as he moved from behind the podium to stand center stage. He used his hands to emphasize certain words as he spoke. "Every last one of us has sinned, and we will again. It is inevitable because it is simply in our nature as human beings to do so. Though we, as Christians, strive to be more Christ-like, we will always fall short. And that's okay. To be a follower of God is not to be devoid of sin, but to be able to acknowledge your sinful ways and try your best to avoid them. God does not expect perfection, he only wants a relationship with you, his child. Whom he knows and loves just the same. For God is love." Gabriel said. "Amen!" A voice shouted out from the pews. Dean leaned forward, listening intently. He was very much intrigued by the pastor's words. Gabe continued his sermon speaking with wisdom and experience. At the end of the sermon Gabe concluded saying, "God accepts you the way that you are, because he made you just the way that you are." That struck a chord with Dean. Maybe this church wasn't so bad after all.
"Uncle Dean!" Another voice called out. Dean's attention turned back toward the school. "Thomas! What's up little dude?" He asked his nephew. "How's the first grade treating you?" He set Laura down next to him and gave his nephew a fist bump, per their usual greeting. Thomas smiled and shrugged. "I don't know, it's just school. My teacher's cool though." He said. "Right on." Dean replied. He helped load his niece and nephew into their car seats in the back of the impala, then headed towards his brother's house.
Dean sent the message and then grabbed the coffee mugs, taking them to the living room. "Mornin' Sunshine. Coffee?" He offered. "Sure." Cas said, voice rough with sleep. The pastor's hair was even more wild than usual.
Dean got out and watched Cas hop into the bed of the truck. "Hold on." He said, grabbing a big thick blanket and laying it over the truck bed. "Okay." He told Dean. Cas reached a hand down to help Dean up. In the truck bed there were more blankets, some pillows, a cooler, and a backpack. Cas opened the backpack and grabbed a laptop out of it. "I thought it would be really nice to sit here and watch a movie together while we eat. Then later we could lay and watch the stars." Cas said bashfully. "It's perfect." Dean told him. They stacked up a bunch of pillows and sat close together. Cas started the movie, Pay It Forward, while Dean opened up the cooler and dispersed the food and drinks. Cas had packed them handmade sandwiches, pickles he made from the cucumbers in his garden, a bag of potato chips, and a few ice cold bottles of beer. "You brought my favorite beer." Dean smiled. "Of course." Cas replied with a happy grin.
Pamela returned with their beers and popped the tops off for them. "Holler if ya need me." She told them before going to tend to other patrons. "Cheers." Dean said, lifting his beer and clinking the neck of the bottle against Cas'. Cas picked up his own beer and raised it up before taking a big swig. Then he looked at the bottle thoughtfully. "Fun. Yes, well, I attend a lot of community events." Castiel said. "As the Pastor of your church, or as yourself?" Dean asked. Cas laughed again and Dean could feel himself turning red. "Both. I am myself when I'm representing the church." Cas explained. Hmm. Dean hummed. "I guess, I don't really have much of a separation. The church and I are one." Cas declared.
They drove in a comfortable silence. It only took a few minutes to get to a nearby bar. Dean had only been here once or twice with Sam and Jess. It was a popular bar that had karaoke and trivia nights. He thought the Pastor might be more comfortable here than at Dean's usual place, the Roadhouse. There were plenty of parking spaces, given the early hour, and Dean parked right out front. They walked in and were immediately greeted by the smell of delicious food and the sound of patrons' cheery banter. Cas walked right over to the bar and sat on a stool, as if he'd done it a million times before. Dean followed and sat next to the beautiful blue eyed man, motioning to the busy bartender.
"Good morning, welcome to all." An impossibly deep and gravelly voice spoke from behind the podium. 'Oh, not fair.' Dean thought as he took in the sight of the pastor. Dean's eyes scanned over the man's dark and disheveled hair, lightly golden tan skin, piercing blue eyes, his five o'clock shadow and his full lips. The blue shirt he wore under a dark grey jacket really made his eyes stand out. He looked like a physical manifestation of sex. "It looks like we might have some newcomers, so allow me to introduce myself and the church. I'm Pastor Castiel Novak, and I'm the lead pastor. My brother Gabriel, and good friend Sam, are also pastors here. United Calvary Methodist Church was established only nine years ago, and while we are a newer church we still hold stead fast to the rules and wisdom of churches long ago. For we can learn from our past as we grow in our future." Castiel explained. 'Cas-ti-el? What kind of a name was that?' Dean wondered. 'And Gabe is his brother. I didn't peg Gabe for a pastor. Huh.' The whole service ended up being lost on Dean, he didn't absorb a word that was said. He was too enthralled with the way the pastor looked and the way he spoke.
Dean rushed out of the church and caught up to them at their car. "Dude, what's the hurry?" He asked his brother. "Oh. Sorry. We didn't want to interrupt your conversation with Gabriel." Sam explained, a blush creeping up on his face. 'He thinks I have a thing for Gabe. It would probably be easier if I did, at least I know he bats for the home team.' Dean thought, rolling his eyes. "What?" Sam asked. "Nothing. I just wanted to come say goodbye to my favorite niece and nephew." He said, giving Thomas a fist bump. He smiled at Laura and gave her a high five. "Bye guys. Be good for your mom and dad, okay?" He said, lowering his head and raising his eyes to emphasize. "Okay Uncle Dean." They replied, almost in unison. He gave Jess a hug, and then his brother. "We'll see you on Wednesday, yeah?" Sam asked. "Of course." Dean told him.
A few minutes later, he spotted his niece, Laura.  "Uncle Dean, Uncle Dean!" She called excitedly, running up to him. He squatted down and opened his arms wide to scoop her into a giant hug. Her little arms wrapped around his neck and she giggled. "Uncle Dean, I learned a lot at preschool." She told him. "Yeah?" He asked. "Yeah. And my friend, Addy, she got in trouble from the teacher." She gossiped. Dean feigned shock. "No!" He gasped. Laura giggled and nodded yes. "But you didn't get in trouble today, did you Little Laurie?" He asked, raising a brow. "No." She declared. "Are you sure?" Dean asked her. Laura nodded yes again. "Are you super sure?" He teased. Laura laughed in anticipation of what was about to happen. She knew her uncle's antics very well. Dean slowly brought a hand up and then stopped it right in front of her belly. "I'm sure!" She squealed. Still, Dean launched his hand at her belly and tickled her for several seconds. Her laughter melted his heart and he grinned ear to ear.
"Would you like to hear about my past?" Dean asked him. "You don't have to reciprocate." Cas told him. "Has Sam spoken to you about anything happening before Stanford?" Dean questioned. Cas shook his head no. "I'm the older brother. I was four when the house we were living in caught fire." Cas looked up at Dean. "Sam was only a baby. My dad handed him to me and told me to run outside as fast I could. He went back after my mom. After a few minutes my dad came running out, yelling at the firemen that had just arrived. My mom died in that fire." Cas held Dean's gaze, breathing deeply. "My dad, he was never the same after. He became an alcoholic, trying to drown out the pain of losing my mom. I practically ended up raising Sammy myself. My dad didn't really care what Sam and I did. He spent what money he did make on booze, so I'd steal food and things that we needed. I made sure Sam did his homework and got good grades. Mine sucked, and I dropped out of school my sophomore year. Thank God I'm passionate about cars and my Uncle's a mechanic. I started working at his shop as soon as I turned 16. I ended up living with my Uncle too after my dad found out..." Dean took a deep breath. "...after he found out that I was bisexual." Dean barely managed to whisper. Now it was Dean's turn to get teary eyed. "My dad, he called me some truly horrible names and then he beat me within an inch of my life. Sam found me and called 911. I spent a week in the hospital, and then Sam and I went to live with our Uncle Bobby. I worked hard at the auto shop for the next several years and I helped put Sam through college. I'm still immensely proud of him for following his dream and becoming a lawyer. I always knew he had it in him." Dean smiled.
Going lax, he almost slipped off the counter when Cas released him, but managed to catch himself at the last second, then lifted up and turned, facing the angel.
Sams cock twitched violently on his stomach when he heard Gabriel repeat his brothers words. He had never been with a man before but before his brain could decide the next course of action his legs spread wide of their own undertaking and his head dropped back as he release the most sinful groan when the Archangel breached him and kept sliding in until he was down to his last knuckle.
“I...I don’t...I’m not...” Sam tried to speak.
"Cas... Oh, fuck..." Dean tried again, a huff of nervousness in his voice when he suddenly felt a slicked finger sliding down his crack and straight to his pucker.
Sam opened his eyes and realised his position had changed again. His hands were now gripping onto his brothers shoulders and he had his head nestled into Deans neck.
“Oh, you mean when you ‘gripped me tight and pulled me from perdition’?” Dean said with a grin.
“Shhh.” The hunter replied stepping forward and placing his hand to the back of Castiels neck and drawing him in for a gentle kiss. “Nine beers and five shots of whiskey, Sams out for hours.” He said, resting their foreheads together. “We got time.”
"What the? ... Hey.... Oooohhhhghghh..." Dean started startled and shocked, then moaned as he felt that familiar strong hand gripped his asscheek tight.
Just the next in the never ending cycle of paybacks and close calls. Cas stumbles upon Dean in the kitchen, leaning on the counter with his ass poking out and ready for the taking. Who’s up for some quickie in the kitchen action?
Truth be told, ever since Dean admitted that he found the sneaking around and stolen kisses exciting, Cas had been doing his best to accomodate that, pushing things to riskier and riskier limits. But now it was Deans turn to repay fallen Seraph.
“No. No nightmares. I’m good.” He said as flashes of unremembered dreams flew through his mind. Deans lips on his, Castiel in his knees before him, Gabriel...Gabriel slowly pushing up into him. Sam closed his eyes tightly and shook his head to clear the odd images.
He ran a finger through the cum on Sams stomach and slid his hand between the taller mans legs then pressed his finger against the hunters virgin hole.
“Yeah. Almost as if something good is waiting for me.”
Castiel was trembling by the time Dean joined him on the bed. He could see pre-cum beading on the tip of Castiels beautiful cock.
Castiel immediately spread his legs, allowing Dean to settle in between them. They both surged forward, claiming each other’s mouths, lips sliding against each other, their tongues dancing in their mouths.
The hand slowly kneaded up his slacks and Cas actually blushed, eyes going wide because Sam was right there. He is going to hear something, no way this could happen without him figuring it out, it was insane to even think it.
“Like what you see?”
Castiel never had that lustful look in his eyes, not the one like this. It was something so raw about it and Dean wanted nothing more then to find out what it meant. The wing pushed him even closer and held him in place, while Cas tilted his head and kissed Dean with so much desire, Dean's knees buckled. And Castiel's fucking wings caught him.
“Anxious are we?” He asked cockily.
“You know, you are an Angel of the Lord, one of the most powerful creatures in the universe, but you submit to me every time.” Dean growled low into the angels ear as he gently, slowly thrust two fingers into his ass. “Look at you opening up for me, so beautiful.” He whispered, brushing his nose along the heavenly creatures jawline as he added a third.
He needed Cas and he needed him right. The. Fuck. Now!
"Figured out what?"
“I don’t remember dreaming.” Sam said as he sat. “But I feel good this morning.”
Setting an unforgiving pace, Castiel pounded into Dean as he held him right, but still vertical and oh, my, God, he hit the spot over and over and over again. Dean was coming within seconds, and so hard and so much and the waves just kept hitting and hitting until Dean blacked out.
!” Sam gasped.
Sam flinched as the Angel suddenly appeared in the bed next to him, naked.
“So Dean, I was thinking, when we go to town for the supplies, maybe we could go to the new burger place for lunch.” Sam said as he stepped into the room, the towel he was using to dry his hair obscuring his vision.
“If that boy goes out on any more supply runs we could start our own grocery store.”
Dean's cock throbbed abandoned as Cas went south and started opening Dean up with his tongue, and Dean wanted to cry because it felt so good, he could feel Castiel everywhere and it was too much. It was too much... A feather bushed over his quivering cock and fuck, he almost came just from that little touch.
But not even a full minute later, he felt it again and looked down just in time to see a hand, a very familiar hand pressing down hard on his thigh.
Sam huffed a smile at his ever over protective brother.
“What Sammy? What is it?” Gabriel asked, not willing to give anything more than Sam asked for.
Moments like these were rare and they took the time to just wrap around each other and kiss tenderly, their hands exploring each other’s flesh, not caring about the cooling, sticky mess between them or the tracks of cum Deans hands were leaving behind as he ran them across Castiels back. They would clean up later, Dean had put some wash cloths on the basin earlier and there were always the showers if needed. But for right now nothing else existed in the world but them.
Dean groaned into his pillow. “What, Charlie?”
He had the day to himself.
“Yeah, well, I’m your brother. Whose side are you on?”
“No!”
Cas nods and his face turns bright red. “Finding sperm.”
They freeze. And then remove their masks and the most familiar face looks at Cas bewildered. “How did you know it was me?”
Sixteen days.
“I wanted to return this to you.” Sam reached into his pocket and pulled out the emergency key to Cas’s apartment that Cas had given him yesterday.
“Dance,” Dean repeats, face falling. “I understand if you don’t want to but I- I wanted to ask.” He starts to back away. “I’m sorry, I’ll just-”
“No, Gabe, he doesn’t. And he doesn’t need to. Cas and I aren’t dating and we’re never going to. I’m sorry to disappoint you but that’s just how it is and I need to accept that and so do you.”
It takes Cas a moment to decipher the words and even once he knows what Dean said he’s still not sure what Dean meant.
“I know this is his fault. He knew what I asked for but he didn’t like it. Says I need to try to be girlier and now his living room looks like a vagina!”
“Oh trust me,” Anna scoffs, “there were a few times he came close to breaking. Valentine’s day of 2013 was a mess. And don’t even get me started on high school. All the hormones and the dreams; it was-”
Their eyes catch from across the gym and Deanna offers a small wave. Cas returns the gesture awkwardly and watches Deanna turn back to her dad. They prop the double doors open and a second later, with Benny’s help, the three of them carry the balcony inside.
The panic ebbs into a frown as Dean senses something serious behind this odd line of questioning. “I guess… we just never developed those sorts of feelings for each other. Some people are just meant to be friends.”
“Well, yes, but it’s not like he’ll have any reason to use them,” Cas says, a note of worry in his voice.
“Right now, it’s shit,” Deanna says with a sigh. “But it’s gonna be… this.” She goes to the work bench and grabs a piece of paper and hands it to Cas.
Cas groans and runs his hands down his face. “I don’t even know. I told Balthazar that Callie wanted a cowboy western party and we were going to do it at the park but then he insisted on having it here and that he would take care of everything and somehow it turned into-into this!” Cas’s hands shoot up into the air, his voice booming, and Dean can smell the distress coming off of him. “And now my daughter is crying and won’t even talk to me and-and it’s her birthday and she’s miserable!”
Dean shrugged one shoulder. “I don’t know, Cas. Kinda. I just wanted you to be happy. And you weren’t gonna get that with me.”
She laughs and bats his hand away as they disappear into the mall, Cas dreaming of the evening to come and wondering if maybe there is a little something to say for Christmas magic.
Dean put his hands up. “No, no, I’m not saying that. I’m just surprised. I’ve never seen you so aggressive.”
The bed is made, corners tucked tight, and pillows in their place. He dares a breath. Cas’s scent is of course over the place, thick and heady. He can pick up another alpha, but it’s light like they hadn’t been here long, and there are no lingering whiffs of anything sexual.
He hears Benny’s laughter as the man disappears into the fridge. “You’ll understand when you’ve got a pregnant mate at home.”
Victor grins like a proud hyena. “What is the most orgasms you’ve ever given someone?”
Cas put them away.
Callie shakes her head, still mesmerized by the mannequin.
“Thank you. Now go get me some mistletoe from the greenhouse.”
Dean shakes his head, hands clinging to the edge of the roof where he’s stringing Christmas lights. “Who grabbed my ass?”
Cas can’t answer, can only stare into Dean’s green eyes and wonder why he ever walked away from them.
They stop on the sidewalk near Lisa’s car. She has that unreadable smile on her face again. “You know, it’s admirable how dedicated you are to Cas and his baby. It’s almost like he’s your mate.”
Brady smiles against his lips. “Thank you. Go clean up. I’ll help you look at some properties.”
Cas made breakfast alone, burning the pancakes and getting too many coffee grounds in his mug.
Cas still looked flustered even when he returned with two glasses of water. Dean huffed a laugh. “You know, you can still drink.”
“But you-”
His words make Dean’s heart trip. “I was?”
Cas’s eyes widen. “To a date?”
“Perhaps the zipper is broken?” Cas suggests.
“She looks just like me,” he repeats, sounding more and more confident each time he says it. “And every time I’m around her I feel more whole than I ever have in my life. Even more than when I’m just with Cas.
“Having a hard time getting along with the kid?”
“And who might you be?” she asks, looking him up and down.
. Interesting.
“I just never personally understood the appeal of them,” Brady says with a shrug. “They get good results though. Decent test scores.”
"The bond and the rejection," Dean clarifies with an irritated huff because talking about this shit is still embarrassing and painful. "My alpha was the one who made it. Like I said, don't know how, but it did. But since it wasn't reciprocated, there's no way for it to infect you. And even if it could have, the rejection would have hit you at the same time as me. So you're in clear."
Memories were spiraling together in Cas’s head, forming a vague recollection of a night when Dean came home with a little more dirt than usual on his face and something that looked too much like blood. And when Cas tried to find out what had happened, Dean had pushed him away, wordlessly disappearing into the bathroom. Dean went to bed without dinner or saying one word to Cas.
Glaring with suspicion, Cas opens the back door and makes her way across the Winchesters’ back yard. There’s a loud roar coming from the work shed, followed by some clanging, and Cas waits until it quiets to knock on the door. She’s learned by now never to just walk in or she’s likely to lose an eyebrow or a hand.
The heat swelling in Dean’s chest creeped up his neck. “I, ugh- you left it on your computer one day.”
There’s a knock at the door and Dean throws a colander into the sink, calling out, “it’s open!”
Now there was a confused frown on Cas’s face and Dean knew that any second now he would - yep, there it was. Cas’s head tilted to the side. “Yes, Dean. That’s correct.”
“What? When?” She didn’t remember seeing Deanna in the gym with a damn tape measure and there’s no way Cas would have missed it because she’s practically in that room more than she's in class.
Dean keeps smiling and Cas doesn’t understand why he can’t look away from it, why he focuses so much on the pink of Dean’s lips and how wonderfully full they are. Almost feminine in shape. An odd physical trait for an alpha but… very appealing.
Dean gave her a dark look but stood up and followed her to the bar. Charlie ordered four shots of something Dean had never heard of and a water for Dorothy. Then she turned to Dean. “So?”
“Forget to mention- Cas, you son of a-”
With careful steps, Sam made his way through the living room and toward Dean’s room. He stopped to knock briefly on the door. When there was no reply, he twisted the knob.
“Dean? Say something.”
“I can make it three real easy, boy.”
Callie turns to Dean then, big green eyes watery. “Uncle Dean, will you come too?”
Cas grimaces. “Not as much as you think. Omegas aren’t fertile their entire lives like alphas. Our bodies have a limit and while mine might still be a few years off, I don’t want to be in my late 30s or early 40s and dealing with a newborn baby. I want to have one while I still have the energy to take care of it.”
“It holds sexual energy,” Anna explains as she pulls out the ribbon and cuts a few inches. “The Druids used it to ward off evil and increase fertility.”
Was Cas mad? What would he say? What should
“Get away from me immediately,” Cas says with disgust.
They’ve done this a couple times and while it drives Cas wild if indicated by his bucking hips and the stream of profanities falling from his lips, but Dean also knows that it’s not enough.
“No,” he finally says, and he hates the way the lie feels on his tongue. “No, I’m not in love with your dad.”
The bathtub pressed into Cas’s back, it’s cool temperature soothing. Cas just sat there for a while, giving his mind and lungs time to process and calm.
They say she’ll know when she smells the most beautiful scent in the world, a scent she’ll feel in her bones that she can’t live without. For Papa it was thunderstorms and whiskey and fresh cut grass.
“Brady, what the fuck are you talking about?” Dean yells, trying to catch up with his boyfriend’s tyraid. “What did I lie about?”
Again, Dean shrugs. “Like I said, it’s better for Cas and the baby. He told Cas to ask a friend and I wasn’t doing anything on Saturday afternoons so… voila.”
And well, that’s definitely something Dean can talk about. “They still serve that stuff?”
Cas’s bleary eyes widened. “What? Balthazar, no, I don’t dan  -”
Dean doesn’t know what else to say or do and just kind of stands there. Cas stares at him until he takes it upon himself to invite himself inside. His eyes roam the apartment, cataloguing every piece of furniture. “Everything still looks to be in the same state as when I left so I guess you two had a good weekend?”
Bobby gave him the name of the hospital Dean was being taken to. By the time Cas arrived Dean was already in a room. He looked pale and more tired than ever propped up on a hospital bed, an oxygen mask strapped to his face, IV pumping into him and all sorts of wires monitoring the different functions of his body. Bobby and Benny sit on either side of him.
“Look at him!” Dean waved a hand at Cas’s sleeping form. “Cas almost never drinks. When he gets this drunk he’s an absolute mess. Someone has to be there to take care of him.” Dean paused. “And I owe him anyway.”
“Hey!”
Dean and Cas both open their eyes are met with what is essentially an overly large tin can but is actually a 10-year-old girl in full body armor.
Cas nodded once, refusing to read into the odd tone of Dean’s voice. “And Charlie.”
Gilda looks at the clock and grins. “Oh yeah! It’s almost nine, Cas!”
“To be honest, I was surprised that you didn’t burn all of my things. I kept expecting to gets boxes of ashes.”
Cas didn’t want to say anything definite, so he just nodded. “Okay. I’ll think about it.”
“Yeah. It really is.”
“I’m not scared,” Cas amended weakly.
“Yeah?”
Cas had strung some white lights around the ceiling and lined the shelves with some greenery, a few splashes of red every now and then. It was actually quite mellow considering how obnoxious Cas’s Christmas spirit could be.
He smiles, trying to look grateful. “Thank, man. Look, you get that back to Andrea before she sets your place on fire.”
Cas nods, squeezing Dean’s hand. “Yes. And right now, here's what's going to happen: you're going to come home with me. You’re going to wash those blockers off so I can smell my best friend again and you’re going to hold me all night. And then in the morning, we’re going to wake up and make breakfast for our daughter. After she goes to a friend's house, you and I are going to sit down and have a long overdue conversation about our relationship. And then you're going to take me back to bed and claim me."
Cas looks over her shoulder at her crew running around and sighs. “Yeah.”
“Do you need me to look at it?” Dean asks, eyes earnest and he takes a step toward Cas.
Cas feels her eye twitch. “Too expensive?” she echoes. “They slash my budget to a
“Where’s Cas?” Dorothy asked as everyone took their seats. “I thought you were inviting him, Jess.”
She doesn’t respond, not even a meek not. Instead, she looks to her dad. “May I be excused?”
The other girl doesn’t even hesitate to escape.
“Yeah, that’s real convincing after I just spent a night keeping your head out of a toilet bowl of it. You were fucking plastered.”
Beside him, Dean gives a little snort and leans closer to Cas. “She makes it sound like we’re on our way to Lonely Mountain.”
There are no fireworks because those would have been loud and distracting for a moment as precious as this. It’s a quiet, private sort of explosion between them, a galaxy being born and filling with more and more stars with every passing second.
“Next!” a very chipper red-haired elf calls.
Once she could trust them to finish the last few on their own, she left and found Deanna and her crew finishing up. Taking a breath, she finally walks over.
“So at which point…
They tackle each piece of furniture about the same way, taking occasional breaks to get more pillows to support Cas’s back or lifting him up so he can use the bathroom. Cas’s scent seems to fade the longer Dean is there — or maybe he’s just adjusting to it. Either way, the heat stops coiling in his lower stomach and he doesn’t pop any more unwelcome boners while they work.
They end the call and Cas sneaks back to their bedroom where Dean lies, dead to the world. Cas slips under the covers and wraps himself around his boyfriend who doesn’t stir an inch. The worry is still big in Cas’s chest, so he just presses closer, settling his face between Dean’s shoulder blades and trying to find the comfort this body usually offers.
“Dean, I need you,” Cas whines. “Please, baby, I feel so hot and I need you.”
So he called Sam.
Sunday saw a lot of grading. Castiel had about twenty final papers to filter through and they were all eight to ten pages long. It was exhausting and daunting but he finished late into the night and logged his students’ final grades.
.” The angel sighed. He placed his hands on the sides of Deans face and guided him until he could once again kiss the man.
Faster than nthe wind, he came up behind the unsuspecting hunter, pressed him down on the counter with one hand and yanked his jeans down with another.
Fuck.
Must have felt good for Cas too, cuz suddenly he was pressing up against Dean, his kiss much hungrier and his hands under Dean's layers of shirts. Fuck, Dean was already so hard, his jeans felt too damn tight.
A witch hits Castiel with a spell that brings something new into their relationship.
"Let me show you." The angel said and stepped forth. He was still too far away to reach Dean, at yet the hunter felt something brush against his bare arm.
"Cas... Cas, I need you... Shit, Cas, I am so close, take me..." Dean was panting, feeling like a goddamn mess because Cas was everywhere. His tongue and mouth on him, kissing and licking, his fingers stretching Dean open (when did he add that?) and his feathers caressing Dean's entire skin.
Sam collapsed onto the bed, bracing his feet against the mattress and lifting his ass in invitation when Gabe added a third finger stretching the younger man beyond anything he could ever have imagined.
Dean pulled the covers back and Castiel sat down then scooted to the middle of the bed, his eyes never leaving Dean. The hunter stepped back and undid his own belt before unbuttoning his jeans and pulling the zip down. He hooked his thumbs into the waist band and just when he was about to push his clothing down, he changed his mind and knelt on the bed instead. He slipped his fingertips under the elastic of Castiels boxers and slowly pulled them down the angels legs, Cas raising his butt a bit to make it easier. Dean stepped back with a nod then quickly, yet no less seductively, removed his own clothing.
Dean stepped in close and claimed Castiels lips again before he dropped to his knees and worked open Cas’s belt.
Dean looked down at his angel with a smile only reserved for him. He kissed him slowly and then lifted one foot to bring down on the pants and underwear pooled around Castiels ankles. The angel lifted one foot after the other to free himself before Dean turned them and guided Cas back towards the bed. Never breaking the kiss, Dean undid the buttons of Castiels shirt one by one. By time they reached the bed he had managed to unfasten them all and slipped the shirt off his angels shoulders, covering the exposed skin with tender kisses.
“You didn’t... did you?” Sam tried to ask.
"Cas..." He breathed out and helped when Cas grabbed him by the hips and drew him closer then dived down licking and kissing everywhere. "Oh, fuck..."
hands and leaned around him to pull back the blankets. Giving Dean one last kiss, Castiel sat down on the mattress and slipped his legs under the covers.
“I wasn’t...I didn’t...I thought Dean was...” Sam stuttered.
“So fucking beautiful.” Gabriel repeated.
“Dean?” It was a question, a plea and a desperate whine all rolled into one.
“Gabe...I wanna cum. I need more.” Sam moaned. Having already cum once there was no way he was going to be able to cum untouched a second time.
Fuck, Cas was actually sweating, red in the face from trying so damn much to contain himself. Sam moved, rolling his shoulders before he looked up at Cas, then said he was gonna go get some water.
“Get in the bed, baby.” He whispered.
Sam couldn’t hold back a low moan as he watched his engorged penis slide in and out of the seraphim’s mouth in time with Gabriel’s thrusting. Watching the spit slicked shiny member slip between Cas’ stretched lips caused Sam to moan again. He felt Deans hands on his face, tilting it up to look at his brother.
Thank god or whoever was listening.
looking candy.
They make arrangements for Dean's (supposed) day off on Sunday, after Cas gets back from church.
Dean could tell this was an old, brotherly sort of argument, and, again, he missed his little brother.
But when they got back to the trailer, Dean had quietly warmed up some leftover spaghetti for Sam and then went to bed without eating. He had even called in sick to work, and that was big.
“Please, Dean.” The slight pleading in Michael’s voice surprised Dean and he swallowed his words awkwardly. “I really want to do this for you. It’s not just taking you out or something. If there’s something wrong, I want to help you fix it.”
“You should’ve been on the trail with them,” Sam gasped, wiping his eyes as the couple fled, “they were positively revolting!”
But Castiel couldn’t focus on that. He squeezed shut his eyes, ignoring the sound of the omega’s voice, the smell of arousal, fear, and anger from the omega, ignoring the raging desires of his Alpha to hold the omega down and
“Barsuki business is not for outsiders,” Abram said decisively. “We are allowing you because we like you.”
Dean unintentionally snorted with derision. “Not really, Sammy. It’s fine.”
“Sonovabitch, I hate that thing,” he snarled, turning back to the others. “She just fucking
Surprised, the blond blinked and smiled slightly, nodding. “Good luck.”
“You ain’t just whistlin’ Dixie, Feathers,” Dean grumbled as he carefully made his way to the altar to grab Ichiren-Bozu, and then back to the house. “These damn fancy wooden clogs are killing me."
Nostrils flaring, Bobby could now smell the subtle change in Dean’s scent, an addition of pine and warm earth. He shook his head. “You damn idjit. Did you really go off and mate a suspect?”
distorted by his elongating teeth. Castiel was about to move his hand underneath the Omega's clothing, not sure what was next, but pretty sure his Alpha knew and that they were both ready for it.
Dean was relieved when a light snore whistled against his neck as the Alpha had finally passed
Dean chuckled and released the raven. “You think my eyes are pretty? Aw, thanks, Cas.”
Stonily, Dean turned and stared stubbornly out the window. “Well, no one asked me.”
“Welcome home, Michael,” Castiel grunted, waiting for Michael to release him.
“I'm glad you're awake,” Cas said, his face carefully blank. “How are you feeling?”
And, really, it was his first time being hated for his true assignation. Usually he was attacked by over-eager omegas looking to be mated, or alphas looking to sell their omega children to him. Not even his cassock fended them off some days, and that’s when they knew he was only an alpha and
: [CREATURE/FIGURE] Ichiren-Bozu is a set of Buddhist prayer beads that has come to life and actually helps other tsukumogami find salvation. [
-much) with girly-pink and baby-blue gels, a manipedi, and, the final humiliation, makeup, all while the two beauticians recited the basics of alpha-omega etiquette.
“I made enough for four, unless one of you is a bottomless pit like Sam here,” Dean said, setting plates in front of Castiel and where he presumed Joshua was going to sit.
“True. Very true.”
Dean glowered. “That nasty little goblin? He’s probably set up some sort of ‘finder’s fee’ or some shit.”
When he's conscious at one point, Benny is there, his right arm in a sling. He says Dean's lucky that he wasn't shot somewhere vital, that the slug just brushing his melon was damned lucky by itself.
The omega restroom was cleaner than most he had seen in his life. There was no graffiti and there was actually toilet paper in the stalls. He used the urinal and turned to wash his hands, looking at himself in the mirror with unease. The long-sleeved dark green shirt and the jewel-colored green sweater vest made his eyes brighter and the gold in them more evident. Omega clothes were almost always in jewel-tones and meant to accentuate the omega’s best features. At least Michael hadn’t forced him into more androgynous wear, because Dean felt distinctly male even if he was an Omega.
“Oh my god,” Cas breathes as he seats himself at the island, hands roaming the granite counter. “It’s like your culinary school wet dream come to life.”
“Nothing is wrong,” Cas assured her, picking up his menu. “But how are you, Anna?”
It had taken a little while to find a place, but after weeks of hunting Dean had secured a nice apartment closer to the restaurant than Brady’s had been. He’d found his things waiting in the hall for him three days after the breakup. Dean had tried to knock so they could talk but Brady either wasn’t home or was ignoring him just as he had ignored all of Dean’s texts and calls the past few days. He was soon forced to accept that Brady wasn’t going to talk to him — that there was no fixing this. All Dean could do is try to move on.
“Makeup artist?” Dean echoes.
Sam nodded as he fought to take a breath. “Yeah, yeah, I’m good. So, ugh, India, huh? What takes you there?”
“Yeah, I’m sure you did.” Charlie, paused, flipping onto her side to support her head on her small fist. “Dean, what do you want?”
Dean’s lips twitch. “Of course I do. He’s my best friend.”
There’s a shout from someone in the background on Cas’s end and he hears Cas groan before there’s a needy shout of “Dad!”
“W-where did you get this?” he asks, all the warmth slowly fleeing his body, leaving him cold and alone.
Dean straightens, gaping after the little girl until her father starts to laugh. He slides Cas a look, eyes wary. “Guess I’m already on thin ice.”
This is the sperm.
“Oh, not like his sperm,” Charlie clarifies when she sees his face. “I mean like the donor sperm. It was on the floor when we came in. Still in the cup but, like, Cas nearly had a heart attack when he saw it.”
Sam’s eyes sparked with anger. “It doesn’t concern me? Cas is one of my best friends. And you hurt him.”
Dean hears Cas stand and he doesn’t dare move. There a soft murmur of voices and then the front door opens and closes and the room is still.
“Oh.”
“Hey,” he says, reaching across the counter and taking Cas’s hand. “It takes two to end a friendship. And you were busy with a new baby, starting a new life. I should have worked harder, should have been there when you needed me.”
Big, fat tears well in his green eyes and Cas can’t find it in himself to be mad anymore. “Hey, it’s okay,” he soothes, the way his mommy speaks to him when he gets upset. “Don’t be sad. I’m sorry for yelling.”
Dean quirked an eyebrow. “So?”
Even though he doesn’t have to, Dean ends up taking that third week away from the shop and by that point Cas’s university is on holiday break. After some arguing, pleading, and a little backstabbing - Dean’s words - on Cas’s part, Cas convinces Dean to let him provide the rest of the money for the trip to Amsterdam (what Dean doesn’t need to know and never will know is how much extra Cas paid for the last minute flight, so keep your mouths shut).
Cas shakes his head, disbelieving, and starts to back away, bumping into the refrigerator. “This can’t be happening.”
“… was wondering if you wanted to get dinner on Saturday n-”
“Well, tell her not to be. I’m fine, Bobby.”
Sam shrugs. “Dad woke up and found her in the shed tearing up an old hood.”
And maybe Dean isn’t the one he wants that love story with. But Dean can at least open the book for him.
The car comes to a stop and Dean jumps out and tells the driver to wait. “I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
Deanna grins and takes a few steps back to give Cas the full affect. “Hell yeah, don’t they make my legs look great?”
Callie trots back to them, her eyes confused. “You’re not coming to eat with us?”
“Good, ‘m good,” Dean says into the stranger’s shoulder before he tries to extract himself. “Where you been, man?”
“Hey, Dean,” Jess greeted. “How are you?”
“What are you going to ask him for, Claire-Bear?” Cas asks.
“The idea of you going on a date did not exactly sit well with me.”
Dean is left there on the sidewalk, his whole world tilting and collapsing because suddenly all he can see is Callie’s face with her big green eyes and constellation of freckles across her cheeks. And he thinks no, no, not possible.
“Hello, Dean.”
“The doctor has me on some pretty strong suppressants for a while.”
Unlike the kid falling off the swing, this argument does require teacher intervention. Cas and the other boy are taken off to the side where they continue screaming at each other until Ms. Summers is finally able to get them to take a breath and explain themselves.
Cas throws his arms around Dean and pulls him close, noses bumping.
“Uh, h-hey. Cas.”
Dean doesn’t leave and they sit in silence for a long while. It’s horrible and wonderful at the same time.
“Cas came over,” Dean said suddenly.
Chopping and mincing at inhuman pace, arranging plates down to the most minute detail, sniffing at every pot and pan as it bubbles, simmers, and sizzles. And doing it all while dancing around the fast hands of his staff, the heat of the kitchen caving around them as more and more orders are brought through the door. It’s constant stress and exhilaration and he missed it. He really, really missed it.
Cas takes a deep breath. “My doctor wants me to take a birthing class,” he begins. “So I have a better of idea of what to expect when I go into labor and, ultimately, make it a more pleasant experience for myself and the baby.”
“I prefer the term ‘insecure.’ Less dumb, less ass.”
Dean nods in understanding. “Want me to tag along?”
Cas frowns. “What about me?”
“But at least it’s almost over,” Sam said. “You guys will be one year closer to tenure and I’ll finally have my masters.”
“You okay, boss?”
Cas’s voice is different when he says it, making Dean frown. He offers the staff a small wave as he rushes out of the kitchen and into the slightly more quiet peace of the Chicago street. The night air is like a balm on his overheated skin from hours behind lines of stoves and sweltering ovens and searing grills. “Well let’s hear it,” he says once he’s taken a deep breath.
He opens his mouth but his eyes catch something when Cas moves his hand. He’s brushing his hair back and Dean sees it again, something glinting in the light, and he feels that nauseating weight in his stomach start to claw upwards.
Tomorrow is their first day off together in a while. Cas decides he’ll do something special, maybe wake up early and make Dean breakfast in bed, something that will no doubt have Dean rolling his eyes even as he tries to hide his blush at the kind gesture. Cas has come to enjoy the challenge of spoiling Dean to the point that it’s almost his favorite game.
Instead, she smiles at John. “Thank you, Mr. Winchester. I’ve had a lot of help.”
“No, Jess,” Cas interrupted. “Thank you, but a date is the last thing I need right now. But I will join you.”
Dean wanders over to the kitchen. The counter has been transformed into a self-serving bar, littered with liquor bottles and mixers. He thinks of Cas scrunching his nose up at a joke Balthazar tells him, something that would go over Dean’s head, and Dean pours himself a few fingers of whiskey and shoots it back like he’s chasing the thoughts out of his head.
Dean reaches for his water, needing something to do with his hands while thinking of sitting next to Cas and helping him find the perfect alpha sperm to impregnate himself. “Um, are you sure that’s something I should be a part of?” he asks.
He nears the end of the street and makes out a figure leaning against the light post. They have their head bowed and Dean makes to cross for the other side of the road. But as he gets closer he can make out their frame better and he stops.
“Nope. Of course now. I love Dildo Baggins.”
Dean starts to pull away and Cas chases him. He can feel the way Dean’s lips curve into a smile as he gives in and nips at Cas’s bottom lip before finally pulling back. There’s a dazed gleam in his eye that turns Cas into a puddle.
Sam had always wanted to be a lawyer, but he also had a secret love of mythologies. It was something that had bonded the two of them together even before Cas had met Dean.
“He has!” Claire shouts from where she stands next to an elf munching on a candy cane.
Sorry y'all but this just keeps getting longer and longer. Looks like it should be about six chapters at this point and I'm working on as I type!
If the name brings up anything for Dean he doesn’t show it and Cas tries not be offended by the fact that he can recognize Dean in a fake beard from over a dozen heads away but Dean can’t recognize Cas from just a few feet.
Cas rolled his eyes. “No, I- It was a… a nightmare.”
A moment later, he hears heavy breathing as he’s draining the pasta and looks over his shoulder to see the bottom half of Cas and the top half shrouded by grocery bags. He dumps the pasta and runs over to help. “What’s all this?”
Dean throws the invitation across the coffee table and sinks backwards into the couch. “Not happening.”
All Cas has is a pretty mask and an anonymous offer.
“Congratulations on another good year. I wish you all happy summers and I’ll see you back here in the fall.”
“Won’t Dean notice when Cas stops putting giant wreaths on every door to cast a circle in the middle of his apartment?”
“Maybe next time,” Dean promises and prays there will be a next time. If not here, then in the next life or in some alternate universe where Cas feels the same and goes on real dates with Dean where they can share bites of food without feeling nervous and bicker over the bill knowing it doesn’t matter.
“What’s this weekend?” Cas asked, confused.
“It’s funny, but when I first saw it,” Mildred continues as she pulls them to stop and looks Dean in the eye, “I thought I was seeing double. Upon further inspection, I realized I wasn’t looking at my granddaughter’s twin but rather her biological father instead.”
The front door opens a moment later and they hear, “Dean? Are you home?”
— for Cas to see a little bit of hope in
When he looks up, Dean’s smile is small and understanding and just for him. “No, sweetheart.” He stands and comes around the island and Cas doesn’t breathe until Dean is pressed against him again. “It’s not bad. I feel the exact same way.” His breath whispers against the shell of Cas’s ear, making him shiver. “I missed you so much, Cas. All I could think about the entire way here was how badly I wanted to see you.” Cas feels a featherlight kiss land in his hair. “Hold you.” A kiss to his temple. “Dance with you.” A kiss to his nose. “Kiss you.” Cheek. “Endlessly.” Other cheek. “Forever.”
Sam wasn’t sure what to say. So many comforting words and phrases were swirling around his head but nothing seemed to fit.
*****
“Don’t forget the breadsticks.”
It was lovely.
It had taken him a minute to get back into the swing of things after so long away. He’d forgotten the way people move, the number of steps between the deep freeze and the fryer. But it had all come back eventually.
And he cries.
“Oh.” Callie obviously doesn’t like that explanation but Dean has nothing left to give, not without revealing everything. And he can’t put that on a kid. Not even if she’s his kid.
Dean hesitates at the door, an instinct telling him to stay and figure this out now. But there’s a stronger instinct telling him to run out the door to the sick child who needs him. And that’s the one that wins.
“Oh, god, Bobby, I’m so sorry about this,” Sam said.
A mop of unruly dark hair appeared in the distance and Dean just smiled, watching it get closer and closer until he can make out the tanned skin and the wide lips and the bright eyes.
“What can I get for- Oh my god! Cas! Oh my god!”
“So when are all these people leaving?” Dean whispers. “Think you could just move them out with your powers?”
“Then I dare you to tell me one thing that’s happened to you in the last two years that I don’t know about.”
“Why did you take care of him?”
The last bell finally rings and Cas makes her way to her locker. Every part of her just wants to go home but she has a few hours to put into the gym at least and then homework before she can just face plant into her bed and ignore the world.
No one ever talked about how oddly relaxing school dances could be. Cas has always avoided them, always believing they were loud overwhelming affairs, too hot and too crowded. And they certainly are, he notes as he steps into the high school gymnasium transformed into an impressive ballroom for their senior prom. But there’s something about the volume of the music, the darkness, the heat... it’s like being deprived of your senses and so Cas is able to quietly melt into the background, surrounded by people he’s known all his life and yet alone at the same time and he just watches.
“Are you okay, Professor?” Kevin Tran asked from his seat in the front row.
Cas watches her for a moment and arches a brow. “So skipping school to batter a car is typical behavior you’ve just been keeping from me for ten years?”
Dean tried to shrug but there was more chin than shoulder in the motion.
Dean flinches. “Oh. You, uh, you don’t like it?” His hands start to fall.
“I’m going home,” Brady shouts back at him. “I’ll have someone call you when your things are ready to be picked up.”
There was music on in the back and Callie was grinning, stirring a little too vigorously at times, and it felt good. Domestic. Familial.
“So have you decided if you’re going to meet your secret admirer or not?” Deanna asks as they leave the gym that evening.
“What do you mean?”
John’s words echo in her head and her body aches. Her best friend’s heart had been broken and Cas hadn’t been here for her.
“So you…” Cas tried to collect his thoughts but there was a lot of new information swimming around in his head and they kept slipping through his fingers. “You thought that by leaving… you were doing me a favor?”
“I’m fine,” Cas said, inching forward. “Dean, what are you doing here?”
A photo follows a second later and Dean barks with laughter at the sight of Cas’s living room overtaken with boxes of furniture.
“I know, sweetheart, come downstairs!” Cas calls back with a large grin.
He had been so damn worried something was wrong with Dean but maybe things were finally back to normal.
*****
Dean chuckled. “No. I said ‘Cas.’ You passed out on me.”
Dean hums in agreement.
Dean actually wants this. He wants Cas.
And now it feels like it’s ripping. “What happened? Is she okay?”
A lot of things happen in Dean’s body all at once. All his plans of what he was going to say to Cas fly out the window. The sickness in his stomach lances through his chest and it’s so violent his hands clench into fists, teeth biting his lips shut. And there are so many feelings, more than he could ever possibly identify. Disbelief, devastation, regret. Shame.
Dean edges toward the couch, letting Cas have his space and choice to talk. “I’m sorry, man.”
Cas smiled grimly and lifted his sandwich. “I’m not sure that would be for the best.”
She loved it, Cas mouths when Dean looks to him for translation.
They stare into the darkness ahead of them like a bad omen save for the sturdy lamp post lighting their way.
Dean’s heart stopped. “Hospital? Is he okay? What happ-?”
“Maybe we should get out of here,” Cas suggests. “I need to get ready to head to the shop anyway.”
