“…well, uh,” Sam cleared his throat. “Lily.”
“Will you go back to your old ways?” the bokor woman asked. “Killing all the dark things?”
Dean swallowed hard, pressed his face softly into the curve of Cas' neck.
“It’s either that or sitting around waiting for a call to come in, and you know as well as I do that could take a while. Everything’s quiet. I have nothing else to tell you,” Bobby said shortly, and Dean could tell he was just as exasperated by the whole thing. “It’s the craziest thing I’ve heard in a while. Like all of a sudden things just flipped.”
"You did really good work today," he said quietly. "I think this is shaping up to be incredible."
The two waited downstairs, starting outside as soon as the car pulled up. Thumping down into the seat, Dean turned just in time to see Novak settle in with an eye roll at Dean. Throwing him the finger for the second time in one morning, Dean sat up, wincing slightly. He caught the wicked grin that Novak immediately wore upon the realization of why Dean couldn't quite sit right, and he almost wanted to smack it off of him. Instead, he opted to ignore his annoying ass, staring out the opposite window.
First of all, Cas had bruises on his arms. Not anything too bad, and not very many, but bruises he hadn't had earlier. Second, a few of his knuckles looked busted, and there was blood on them. Third, he was grinning like none of those things were true.
Standing up, Dean grabbed two more controllers for Mario Kart and threw one to Jess, forcing Sam and Charlie to move back to the couch so all four of them could play. Within moments, there was dramatic screaming and people moving their bodies like it would help their car turn. Charlie wiped the floor with them, because that was just how she was. She jumped up at winning, laughing and repeating "suck it!" until Sam reached up and started tickling her so that she doubled over to the floor and tried to kick him.
Dean made the usual stops back to costume and makeup to get back to his usual self, then text his driver and headed outside. It was early evening already, and he took a deep breath of the warm air, taking in the area around the studio. The sky was a gorgeous, deep blue, and he was almost disappointed when the driver showed up for him.
"I can't stay here," he choked out. "Do you want to come back with me so you don't have to be alone?"
"Does it fucking matter?" He asked, and her jaw dropped incredulously. Smacking him on the arm, she yanked the bottle away from him.
Sitting down next to Dean, Charlie have Dean a tight hug while Sam ambled over and sat on Dean's other side. Leaning back from the hug to look at Charlie, he became positive that the other emotion in her eyes was rage. He didn't have to wonder at why for much longer, either.
Without hesitation, Charlie whipped her phone out and posted something nothing less than scalding about invading his privacy and outing someone, especially when he's already having a hard enough time. Within moments, Dean realizes that Sam is doing the same. Looking at both of them, he gives them a weak grin.
Shaking his head, Dean didn't move, knowing that he hadn't bothered to lock the door. What the fuck was Novak's deal? It's not like he was his fucking boyfriend, so why was he sending Dean's friends to check on him after being told to leave? Groaning in frustration, Dean ran his hands down his face roughly, something that was becoming a bit of a habit these days. Standing, he decided to get himself a pop from the fridge while he waited for his impromptu guests.
Unfortunately for him, she didn't seem to care.
"I'm fucking posting something about this situation, just to tell people that they're pieces of shit for this," she resolved, and Dean gave a slight nod of approval.
"We absolutely don't talk about that," he said, immediately letting go of her as she laughed. Jess rolled her eyes, hooking her arm through Sam's with a determined face.
Dean gulped, not trusting his voice. He nodded, and Cas's face softened. Stepping forward, he cradled Dean's face in his hands again, looking more raw than Dean had ever seen him. Wanting the contact, any contact, desperately, Dean surged forward to kiss him. Their lips slotted together, and they didn't separate until they were gasping for air. Resting their foreheads together, Dean whispered a single word.
He blinked. The twitch was stronger, had come again, like arrhythmia in his pulse, but beating gently against his sternum, and he realized that his eyes were hot and stinging.
Cas blinked, slow, and lifted his eyes to the corner of the door. Gingerly he sat down on the edge of the bed and bowed his shoulders. He shook his head, and something seemed to catch in his chest.
Sam called them in a flurry of excitement as they were walking back, balancing white styrofoam boxes of greasy food in their arms. The town center was still deserted and dead and the sunset was painting the tops of the hills violet and orange.
“What—a reaper?”
Cas licked his lips, considering what to ask next.
“Yeah—well, I...I had some time. Thought I'd call.”
Rosa faltered for a minute, eyes glued to the tile, afraid of looking into their faces.
They were silent, eyes locked, and Dean brought his hands to Cas’ face, expression serious.
They decided on Memphis. Close enough to the river for Cas and Sam, and big enough to suit Dean.
“Is she alright?” Cas said solemnly, glancing at her and then back up at the heavyset man beside him. Dean tried to appear unimpressed by her theatrics, but he felt sorry for her, sorry that something precious to her had been broken, even if it was just an old Coke machine.
“I don’t want that!” Dean nearly shouted, only controlling himself so as not to wake up Mattie, or call up Sam. He paced back and forth, leaned on the bureau one second and went to the window the next, making circles, raking his hands through his hair.
“What the hell were you doing, you dumb bastard?!” Dean snapped, as soon as he was on his feet, reaching forward and grabbing Cas' tee-shirt in two fists.
vicious, don’t worry,” he teased.
Dean sighed heavily and, after a few more breaths, rolled up the window.
She looked purposefully at Dean and Cas, eyes wide and excited. “Now, don’t go dancing till you’ve gotten your picture, alright? It’s mighty bad luck!”
“I tried to make a little bit of everything!” Sugar said brightly, setting down a basket of biscuits, arranging the white handkerchief around it to keep the heat from escaping. She wasn’t exaggerating – the table was packed. Trays of sausage, slices of bread with jam and orange marmalade, the fried eggs that everyone received and strips of thick-cut bacon.
What Cas wasn't sure of was if he was alright. He didn't want to ask—that felt like an intrusion. The hot air was stuffed behind his eyes like cotton. He could hardly remember what they were doing there, in that house, or what, if anything, they'd been told.
"Mashwarohn!" she repeated, turning back to the gumbo. "Means 'catfish', crazy boy!"
Cas’ hooked his arms around Dean’s neck and Dean came down like revelation. Searing heat of their bodies fighting to come together—Dean’s hands roughly hauling him closer under the covers, hands cupping his ass, squeezing his thighs, the scratch of Cas' nails on Dean’s scalp, the harsh grip of the short hairs at the base of his skull.
“But we'll come back,” Cas said, a reassurance to himself.
“Now, I wasn’t there, so I can’t tell you for certain, but if you ask me, this was around way before Amos Porter. If you’re asking for my opinion, it’s been around as long as long is long. As long as there’s been a river there’ve been stories. As long as there’ve been slaves there have been slave songs. As long as there’s been lovers there’s been stories about love. Amos Porter just packaged it prettier.”
A clumsy fumble, Dean’s trousers slung low over his hips. He walked Cas back to the bed, eased him down so he could drop before him and untie his shoes, pull his socks off, kiss his ankles, slide his face against his calf, kiss his knee through the cloth, Cas’ hands in his hair, on his shoulders, singing soft and silent praises.
He may have been a catfish once, but his soul was entirely his own. He was the same man, the same river, if rivers were to be like men. A clear river, one not so clouded with suffering.
“Is she one of them?” Cas piped up from across the room, reading Sam's words before he could even speak them. “Lily Francis?”
He looked up at the old man and grinned, the emotion seeping into him more fully, curling around in him. It opened his lungs up and quickened his pulse and the heavy weight of the hot day shook itself off his shoulders.
Perhaps too quickly, he paused; he set down the bottle of Jack Daniels and stood for a moment, eyes shifting from side to side across his kitchen, as if sussing out the presence of someone hidden; but of course only birds sang in the hazy sunlight outside, and nothing leapt at him from the corners of his kitchen. Only the fact that he had not dreamed that night.
All the way out of the hills Cas looked out the back window at the house hidden among the rises.
They went inside, back up the staggered slope hand in hand to keep from slipping down in the mud, once the afternoon sun had begun to dip and the fog had become chill, and what sounded like a thunderstorm began to protrude into the early evening. They made it to the porch of Mattie's house just as the rain broke and began to dissipate the fog, and they stood for a while under the portico roof, leaning against each other, watching it pour down and beat into the ground.
Sam was standing right behind her in an instant, looking, in a way only Sam Winchester seemed capable of managing, like a nine year old boy trapped inside his hulking body. His face was bright and emotional and young as he grabbed up his brother, breathing hard, gripping Dean’s shoulders while Dean hushed him, laying an unapologetic kiss on his temple.
"My name is Olivia Delacroix," she said, and Cas' spoon waited before entering his mouth. He put it back down among the rice and met her eyes. "I was born in 1894 in this very house. This is the house my father built and died in. I buried him myself in the backyard when he died of the Spanish flu. It took my brother Angelique, my mother, and my youngest sister Mercedes. And I buried all of them. I've lived a strange life, so strange things have come to me."
One of the screen doors was open, and the dock stretched out in front of him, out over the deepening evening water. The girl who had been a dog had gone out and set a lantern on its end alight; now Dean and Castiel were out there, out of earshot, sitting on the end of the dock with their feet over the water. Sam could see the bow of Dean's shoulders, the taut attentive line of Castiel's back.
“Yeah,” he mumbled. “Yeah. I think I can sleep now.”
Dean’s stomach dropped before she even said it.
“Seriously?”
Over lunch Sam observed them from under his eyelashes, trying to hold back a smile at what he saw. Whatever magnetism had made them so irresistibly tactile the night of the wedding seemed to have worn off, just a bit; still they sat side by side at Olivia's dining room table, shoulders brushing, exchanging little smiles and glances, and Olivia asked how they felt, and they replied that they felt fantastic, wonderful, every adjective in between. Sam knew it was true by the glow of their faces. He ate and watched and felt a stir in his chest that meant that they were happy, and that he, in turn, was very happy, too.
“Mashwarohn,” she said, turning her face to Dean, and he straightened. “How much of that book did you read?”
“Everyone’s got emptiness. That empty spot where the love should go. You just have to find the piece that fits right. Could be crazy. Could be what you least expect, but love doesn’t mind those things. It'll twist itself up and fit anywhere it can. That’s all life is, really. That’s the big secret. And when you find that piece?”
“Well, yeah.”
For the first time since this trip had begun, they didn't consult Yann Olsson's binder of miracles; they'd been given no indication of where to go—only
“That’s not fair and you know it,” Sam insisted. “He’s like us now, Dean, that's all.”
“Try to relax, that way I can make a clean cut.”
Cas was almost up to his chest now, arms held out, and Dean remembered with a jolt of terror that the stupid bastard couldn't even swim.
“Of course as soon as I saw your faces, I knew you,” he said. “You had come about the little ones, about the miracle of my trees. A little late.” He clicked his tongue, fondly. “The river has already made up its mind, that it will be this year. It has already pulled away from Galilee and given up the children. The whole world is waking up. And now he has given up his heaviness, his sadness and his grief, all the lead in his heart. He can swim again. And look.” He gestured out to Dean, to the dark space between his body and the angel's, smaller every minute. “He is coming into the light.”
“It's okay.”
“Aw, dammit,” Dean mumbled, sliding out of bed. He went to the window and cracked it further, leaning through the tiny opening. Even close up to the outside of the house, now, he could only barely see the slates of the roof below, vanishing almost as soon as they started. He could hear the current a little ways off and down, could smell the almost overpowering presence of the garden, but for all intents and purposes the entire world had been obliterated by the fog rolling in from the water. “Yeah, there's no way in Hell I'm taking my baby down in this.”
Cas gnawed at his lower lip. The girl's shrieks and pleas were echoing in his head like some sick skipping record. Rivers and heavy hearts, floods—catfish. Of all things.
“There were a lot of riverboat crashes in the 1800s, angel.”
before. She blinked up at him, brow furrowing. A strand of her hair had fallen out of her ponytail during the drive and was caught in the corner of her mouth and he wanted to reach out and brush it away. Her eyes searched his face, fingers tightening on the strap of her purse. He sized up her small frame, the way her shoulders pinched inwards, like she was cramped.
The tendril of nervous something slithered against his insides; he suddenly wasn’t so tired anymore, watching Dean. Not tired enough to be useless, at least. He pushed off of the dinette chair, ignoring the twinge of pain in his knee, and Dean looked blearily at him over his fingers. Cas managed a small smile, rocking onto his heel to steady himself, straightening the loose shirt over his stomach.
Perhaps hours.
“Exactly!” she said brightly, clapping her hands, suddenly excited. “Kids round here go crazy if they see one. Small town, you know, very small town. Traditions stick. Kingfishers in the summer are the best. They mean a lasting one. But if you see one, that means someone’s liable to ask you, or you should ask soon, or however you take it. People talk about a kingfisher and they’re probably talking about a wedding too.”
Cas shifted towards him, and his thin arms came around him again, and for once Dean let himself be boneless, melt a little backwards. Be held up by him, his strong solid bird-boned body.
had gone quiet. Not a whisper of word of a case from any corner of the country in days, as if the supernatural had shut down in anticipation of something.
Not that there was anything to defend, as it was basically true.
Even trying to outrun this thing it seemed damnation-bent on following them.
one ends up in a place, but that one ends up there at all. While this is not true as a whole, in the case of that small town in Missouri, it is of lesser priority to document the rolling highway miles, the grey stripe of concrete starting to wind into the Ozark hills and the shift of the sun behind the trees as they drove.
In ways that only Celeste understood, she sent the remaining three out into the world.
His hands stuttered over the edges, desperate to eat up more of the story, starving for it, flying through it as if it were the only thing there was to know, the only thing that mattered, the only thing that had ever mattered, and he wasn't even aware of the hot blur of tears clouding his vision and cascading down his face in shameless streams until he heard an intake of breath across the room that he would recognize to his dying day, the sound of Castiel and his human lungs, and on the end of that tender-taken breath he looked up and met his eyes and
“She—”
“You can always rest with me, Dean,” Cas whispered, and Dean touched his face. “I mean that. You’ve come a long way. You deserve to stop sometimes.”
"What is it?" Sam asked, picking up a piece too to look at it further. Deep blue and violet flowers sprouting from the banks of a cerulean river, a kingfisher with wings spread, laughing beak gaping under the lavender sky.
She directed Dean towards a map book in the next room, and he brought it in for her; she showed them where the river met the mountains further south in Missouri, a townless place, a general blotch encircled by her fingers.
No more muddy skin. Thrashing fins. He remembered, violently, the blades in his hands, the screams and the flesh of Hell, knee-deep not in pure water but in blood, and lifting his face to the blaze that whispered:
“'This'?”
“Is something wrong with him?”
“I don’t follow,” Cas whispered, and she looked back at him, tilting her head, not giving him a real answer.
Lily shrugged. “Maybe ten or twelve. Not even enough to be called a community. They don't have services, they don't get together, but you know who's who. You can tell their children apart because they'll walk around with stars drawn in their palms.” She held up her hand to demonstrate, tracing an asterisk into her skin with a pinkie fingernail, and then cupped her coffee mug again. “I never knew what that was about.”
“Sam, what?”
“You’re worth dead poets,” Dean said, against Cas’ jaw. It was such a pretty idea.
It was much the same in the other nightstand—a Bible with near-pristine pages, spare change, the sort of thin nonfiction books given by parents at birthdays.
“I never heard the whole thing. But you were asking about Amos Porter—whatever he preached was coming out of a book, or at least that's what everyone says. It was a love story.” She looked between all three of them, worrying her lip with her teeth, seeming to fight with something within herself. “I don't know much more of it than this: but it's something about a star who falls in love with a catfish.”
“That was really kind of you—” she started, and Dean quickly cut her off before she could lay into the flattery.
sound.
He felt the edge of the receipt she'd written her number on, smooth in his pocket, and smiled back.
“Why are you leaving tomorrow?” she asked. One song in the air bled into the next. She glanced up at him through her lashes. “Can’t you convince those two fools you were with to stay another day?”
“I know.”
Sam swallowed hard, turning his face front.
“We made it up as we went along,” Cas murmured, smiling softly, smoothing Dean's hair from his face. “And now we're here. And that's all.”
“I won’t forget you.”
They found their way into the tub, somehow, the hot water shaking down on them. A tired attempt to cleanse the sadness.
“It’s magic.”
“It was probably any number of boys up here,” he sighed, once they had recalled the story to him. “Sorry you fellas got all mixed up in it.” He shook his head, taking his stiff hat off and replacing it. He was a middle aged gentleman, and in the shade of the drug store it was easier to see that his wife’s grey hair was really just streaked over the mousy brown, giving the illusion that she was far older than she was.
“Okay, so get this—”
“We sure are, Sugar Pie.” Nate bent into his bow, a saccharine sound following, flowing out of his instrument.
“We’re getting married tomorrow,” Dean said, blinking at the phone.
“Rules?” Cas said, looking between Dean and Sam. Both were slightly pale and listening intently.
Someone called
not to touch me, and doesn't even ask me what I think about it. Doesn't even want to talk about what happened!"
Dean thought he heard Sam chuckle “I knew it” under his breath, but the kingfishers were so goddamn loud that it was impossible to tell.
“I want to kiss you,” Dean said abruptly, interrupting him, and Cas fell silent. He paused, met Dean's eyes, and there was nothing but sincerity in their green, nothing but affection in his expression.
Like nothing, it was done. He released the rope, stared up at the wall, lost, arms feeling loose as they swung at his sides.
He couldn't imagine anything brighter. He really couldn't.
“Might just have to come back after dark and go fishing for the bitch,” Dean mumbled. “If she's even around here at all.”
It was an unsteady kind of relationship they had these days, Dean Winchester and his angel.
Silence of a sort fell, broken by the wind in the leaves and the sound of the cabin door opening. They both glanced over their shoulders; Sam and Yann were leaving the cabin, talking in low voices, and Sam gestured in their direction to come back to the car soon.
Soon she was boiling the noodles and stirring them occasionally, barefoot in her purple hose and pleather skirt.
“Well,” Sugar began, “I wouldn’t know a real answer for that. I suppose it could have happened anywhere, but like Nate said, when the floods didn’t come this season—” She cut herself off.
“If she is, she's stuck deep in the mud,” Cas said in a soft voice. “We'll be hard pressed to dig her out if she's somewhere in the middle where it's deepest.”
"Please do," Cas said. "We'd love to see it."
Next to him, Dean breathed, and very abruptly he bent, resting his head in his hands, elbows on his knees, inhaling and exhaling in the space between his wrists. Cas fought the urge to touch his back, instead let his hand inch closer to Dean on the dock wood that separated them.
There was a pause in which Dean and Castiel heard the low muffled sound of Yann talking, and Sam's face contorted into a few different shades of bewildered before he spoke again.
“I can't.”
“He doesn’t work at the orchard?”
“Don’t know why you bothered. It’s just going to get wet,” Dean said nervously, adjusting his collar before he continued buttoning, his fingers clumsy. She tsked and swatted him lightly on the back, moving around to push his hands out of the way to do it herself.
The world crashed in again.
“I've never seen that kid in my life, Sam—”
Dean’s stomach flipped.
Before they could even reach the porch door, the inner one was opening and Sugar Byrne was stepping out, making her way down the steps to meet them with open and welcoming arms. Dean, a little taken aback by her bluntness, took a step back; she put her hands on her wide hips and smiled at them.
“Isn't there a saying about faith being the biggest part of farming?”
“By the time we’re done it will be close to dark,” Cas said, or breathed, nearing the end of his recounting. He tilted Dean’s face up to meet his, pulling it out of the crook of his neck where Dean had been mouthing, his hands wandering. They had eased down over the bare sheets mindlessly; Dean’s brain was too hung up in Cas’ words to register his other movements. “And then the reception, and after…”
yes!” he exclaimed, and Dean shook his head.
Sam fell quiet.
“Dean.” Cas caught his wrists, stalled him for a moment in his frantic work. “I'm okay. I can dry myself off.”
“Yeah?” The young woman pondering her mason jars turned quicker than Sam had expected, hands on her hips, her lips pursed out in frustration. She lifted her eyebrows at him.
“She say anything about those kids?”
“I love him,” Cas blurted, then, almost frantic, the words stumbling out over his tongue before he could stop them. His face sank deeper into his hands, his spine bowed further forward, as if he were curling into himself, trying to vanish.
“Thank you.”
The morning drifted, like a sailboat caught in an errant breeze, after that—breakfast was delicious and Dean ate as much as he could, trying to distract himself from the buzzing in his arms, from the summer wind outside and the gentle, more normal conversation that had sprouted. Sam and Cas talking, mostly, asking about the town, what it was like during the flood times. He ignored them.
“Cas?” he called, and was answered empty, and so he mounted the stairs. He had a thought where his husband—
"Get out," he whispered. She froze, looking at him as if trying to gauge how serious he was being.
Wait, what the fuck?
He rubbed his neck, feeling bad for having ignored her efforts. It had all been a lot for him, and it was hard to even consider talking to more people than he had in his immediate circle. She shook her head at him, swatting his arm.
Looking at the other guy coldly, Dean looked back to Sam and smirked.
"Come on, douche bag, up and at 'em," he teased, and Cas finally got up, immediately picking Dean up around his stomach and carrying him into the bathroom despite any and all protests. Setting Dean down on his feet, Cas dodged backwards to avoid the smack thrown at him. Laughing, he shook his head at Dean.
“Novak got pissed off, so he's done for the day. And we can't film a different scene, because we already got this one ready for filming. We'll just have to start again tomorrow," Thomas sighed, and Dean groaned, rolling his eyes.
"Oh, thank god. Dean, we're coming over," she said, and he was about to ask who else was coming when he heard Sam murmur in the background. He stayed silent as she continued. "We got a suspicious text from Novak. He said that you might need us soon, so we're coming. Make sure your door is unlocked." And with that, she hung up on him.
They hung up the phone, Dean settling back into his place on the couch against Castiel. Sam was right; despite all odds, Dean had let someone in when he felt at his worst. Not only that, but Novak.
Oh well, at least the sex was good.
After that, it was just Castiel who had scenes left for the day between the two of them, since they had accomplished the miracle that was getting it right in one take. Saluting him as he turned and walked away, Dean made his way to makeup to get the fake blood and bullshit off of him. Rayna cracked jokes relentlessly, and it go so bad that he was crying the makeup off from laughing as she was trying to remove it.
Dean nodded silently, lying down on the counter again as the exhaustion of the last two days and their events overtook him yet again. Within a few moments, he was half asleep, so much so that he almost didn't notice it when Novak cradled him to his chest and moved him to his bed, setting him down and sitting next to him. Before his mind could quite wrap around it, though, he had fallen asleep, this time without any dreams at all.
Dean almost didn't notice when Castiel's eyes flicked down to his lips, but he did. However, he didn't have a chance to think about that, because that meant Novak was distracted and he could get him off of him.
"You are a whiny bitch who refuses to play nice with others, Winchester," Novak spat, leaning closer to Dean to glare directly into his eyes. "Maybe you need a lesson in humility."
However, his suspicions were confirmed to be nonsense as he got closer, seeing the director frown and wave the agent off. Clearing his throat, Dean waited for the director to fill him in. Thomas looked annoyed as shit, and Dean couldn't blame him when he heard what he said afterward.
He didn't even get to finish the thought before he was jerked around by the shoulder, finding himself looking into the face of none other than Novak himself, who was smirking. Jesus Christ, it was taking every ounce of his self control to keep from punching that look off his face.
"There," she said. "No more ugly words."
"Yeah, Dean. Friend code and all that, you tell us this shit even if you're not sure," Charlie added, and Jess sat back, looking relieved.
"I promise," he said quietly, and she gave him one last pay on the arms before turning to head home.
Managing to drag himself back to functionality, Dean stepped into the trailer to grab his things, messaging the driver as he did so to see how far away he was. Once he had gotten everything gathered, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He could only assume that that meant the driver was there already. Deciding to bet on it, he made his way to the front.
After what felt like hours but couldn't have been more than five minutes, Dean stood and went back upstairs, not bothering to check if his door was locked. He found that he didn't give a shit if someone wanted to try to break in today. It would be the least of his problems. Shaking his head, he wandered over to the living area and plopped down onto the couch he'd been practically living on since he had heard the news about Jess. Jess would have known what to do, how to help him.
"Get the fuck out of my house, or I'm calling the cops," he said, shoving him one last time before he turned to vanish deeper into the house. He heard Novak say something, but couldn't make out exactly what it was. Flipping him off, he entered a doorway where he knew Novak wouldn't be able to see him anymore, sighing.
"Getting tired, there, princess?" He teased, earning a smack on the stomach from his cuddle partner. Sitting up, Dean let out another deep yawn, turning to look at Cas.
Cas shrugged, turning to Dean with a smile that still hadn't faded. He pulled him closer by the waist, seemingly nonchalant about the whole affair. Leaning close to Dean's ear, he spoke quietly.
They danced for a few songs, and it was going nothing less than spectacularly. Dean hadn't had this much fun at an after party in a while, mostly because Charlie and the others hadn't been able to make it. They were the life of his parties, and he had missed this. Leaning back on his heels slightly as a break, he felt somebody bump against his back and knock him forward again. Jerking to turn around, he saw the look on Charlie's face before he saw who had hit him and knew who it was. Fuck, he'd had to jinx it, huh?
When Dean finally stirred awake, he felt inexplicably warm. Shifting slightly, he realized that there was an arm around his hip and a face nuzzled in his hair. Immediately, he remembered the events fo the previous day. Fuck, this was gonna be a PR nightmare. Plus, this was the day the movie production was supposed to resume. Sighing, he elbowed Novak in the ribs gently.
"You know I'd never hurt you, right?" Cas, or more accurately, his character, said. Dean looked up sharply, a bit shocked. He put a hand on Cas's cheek gently.
"Not at all, Novak," Dean said calmly. "Like I said, I actually have somewhere to be. Do you really think you're that important?" Dean bluffed. Luckily for him, he was a damn good actor, because that was a fucking lie. All Cas ever did was get to Dean.
Soon enough, they were arriving at a home that Dean recognized as Jess's parents' place. Thanking the driver through a closing throat and stepping out, he took the path up to the house to knock on the front door. If he felt like this, he couldn't imagine what her poor parents felt like. Knocking with a heavy hand, he waited a few seconds before a teary-eyed Charlie opened the door. Instantly, he pulled her into a hug, sobbing as he held onto her like she could vanish any moment. They moved inside and closed the door behind them, Charlie showing him to the living room where the rest of the people in the house waited.
Something felt off with the request, but Dean couldn't pinpoint it. It didn't really matter in the long run, he supposed. It was security footage, after all, not a top secret government document. Sending it quickly, he waited for a few minutes and was met with silence. Clearly, he wasn't going to get a response. Even weirder, but whatever. Maybe he really did just want to see it.
That day and the next few days, work was a relief to Dean. It was something he could put all his time and energy into, something to distract from the world outside of the one they were building. Castiel was helping, too. He kept checking in on Dean and giving him reassuring smiles between takes. The change was sudden from what they were before Jess died, but Dean found that he hardly minded. Despite his best efforts, he caught himself laughing along at his jokes and grinning back at him.
"I'll let them know," he said, and Dean could almost hear his grin. "Keep your phone close so I can update you on the details."
As he stumbled around, looking for Sam, he tried to remember why he was looking for him and then looked down at his hand. Oh, shit, that was right, he had found Sam's shoe. He needed to return it. Yelling for Sam, he walked through the hallway, and he was sure it was tilted. But he walked this hallway every day, it could always be tilted. Right?
The next day, Dean woke with a raging hang over and a significant amount of regret over his choices the previous day. Fuck, he should not drink while he was upset. He wasn't trying to become his father.
"Don't forget, Sam, Ryan is not only her love interest, but Ryan is played by Taylor Hammond, who is someone that Jess wants to jump in real life," Dean said, dodging the noodle Jess had chucked at him. Shaking her head, she glared at them.
"Jess, is that one of the sweatshirts that Sam leaves here?" He asked, and she shrugged, seemingly unconcerned.
As the days and weeks passed, Dean found that he and Cas spent more and more time together. Whether it be on set, texting, or hanging out at Dean's place, they were seeing a lot of each other. Even weirder than that, though, was that Dean realized he didn't mind. And as the time passed, Castiel acted less and less weird about it. It became their new normal.
"Why leave so soon? Am I really getting to you that badly?" He said, chuckling and leaning toward Dean menacingly. Fucking Christ, he was very much in Dean's personal space, and it wasn't helping the urge to hit him. He could literally feel Castiel's breath on his face as he spoke. "You're losing your cool, Winchester."
He heard rustling behind him that probably meant that Castiel had taken it upon himself to get out of his pajamas, and was instantly proven right in that thinking when a warm and obviously naked body pressed against him from behind. Cas's arms locked around his hip and shoulder as he pulled him against his chest, smirking down at Dean when he leaned his head back to look at him. Dean could feel how flushed his face was, and Novak could clearly see it. Laughing quietly, he mouthed at Dean's neck.
Novak glared up at him, deciding he'd had enough, it would seem, by the grip he suddenly had on Dean's throat. He choked him with his right hand as he walked him backward until Dean was against the wall, clawing at his hand and glaring at him as he fought his ass off. He would kill Novak as soon as he let go, he knew he would. Cas loosened his grip only slightly so that Dean could breathe, leaning into his personal space with a sinister grin.
As they sat down, the driver turned to the back, one arm on the passengers seat.
When he finally snapped himself out of his thoughts of Novak, he realized the water was beginning to cool. Shaking his head and turning it off, he stepped out and dried off, looking at himself in the mirror as he did. Jesus, he looked even worse than he felt. The bags under his eyes combined with the way his face had flushed from the heat of the shower made him look like he had some really creative face paint on. Turning away, he walked back into his bedroom and toward the closet to get dressed. Just at that moment, his phone rang, and he winced at the noise. Fuck, why did he have that so loud?
Immediately starting in on the treadmill, he decided to push himself and go a little longer than normal. The decision had nothing to do with needing to let off more steam, of course, he just wanted to challenge himself. Once he felt borderline dead, he decided to stop with cardio and do some arm workouts to give his legs a break after that. After about three different arm workouts with completely normal, non-aggressive sets, he moved on to leg workouts and did the same routine.
"You are the most annoying motherfucker. This has been happening for days now and you just now tell us? What the fuck, Dean?" She shook her head again, crossing her arms. He put his hands up defensively.
Dean glanced at her outstretched phone and saw that, yes, she was right. People had begun using the tag for unrelated things or for shredding the people sharing the picture. The relief that he felt at that was instantaneous. Not only did people not hate him for this, they were as fucking outraged by his being outed as his own friends were. It was a lot more encouraging than he had hoped for, honestly.
Once he was sure that his coffee was on the way, he settled in on his couch for a bit and texted back to the group chat, which had been filled with all three of his friends' texts since he'd left it the previous night. As soon as he text back to tell them he wasn't dead, they all answered and told him he was an asshole for making them worry. Chuckling, he text back quickly and told them they were being dramatic, which was met with several expletives from Charlie and Sam while Jess just used sass. Trying his best to derail the topic of collectively dragging him, he decided to bring up the movie.
Eventually, they managed to get everything necessary off of him. He made a stop to costumes, and then he was home free. Having already texted his driver, he simply headed out to where he had been told it was. As fun as fight scenes were, they could be slightly tiring, and Dean flopped onto the backseat. Slamming the door behind him, he wiggled into a sitting position and buckled, staring out the window with a soft smile.
It was only a few minutes before Jess was back with the food, which was a group favorite from the Chinese place nearby. Dean grabbed the remote for the tv while she was setting the food up on the coffee table, turning the tv to Netflix and clicking a random horror movie that they could watch while eating. Despite not having acted in any, Dean was a big fan of horror movies, and his friends were too, so it worked out.
He could feel that bastard's eyes on the back of his head, and he was suddenly not in the mood for this after party. Putting on his best face, he stood and put a hand on the table, his friends simply nodding and saying goodbye. They knew that he needed to get away sometimes, so they had developed that signal. Walking away, he went to the front area of the party and smiled, grabbing the microphone and subsequently the attention of everyone in the room.
Shoving his leg up to connect with Novak's crotch, he heard him yell and back away, and Dean went to shove him for getting in his space like that. However, Novak caught his hands, pinning them to his sides and staring him down. Christ, why were they always so close together? He glanced down again, and Dean didn't have a single second to understand what was happening before Castiel was slamming his lips on Dean's like he was trying to prove a point.
Watching Cas talk about work, or anything he was passionate about, gave Dean that same stupid feeling in his chest that he refused to acknowledge or give a name to. He was starting to worry that he knew exactly what it was, and if he were right, it could end badly for him. For Cas.
"Shut the fuck up, asshole."
After breakfast, Jess helped Dean clean up. Sam and Charlie had to go, and shortly after the breakfast shrapnel had been removed, Jess left as well. Dean decided to scroll social media, curious as to the rumors Novak was so fucking pissed about.
"You fucking wish I was madly in love with you, dickwad. I am barely fond of you," he stated.
"We both have to shower," he enticed, and Novak opened his eyes, eyebrows going up. Dean laughed, grabbing a pillow to smack him with it.
"You hurt your face, bud?" Charlie teased, and Sam flipped her off with one hand while the other still rested over his face. Shaking his head, Dean went over to his closet and threw on some sweatpants and a t-shirt. Charlie was unfazed by this, having been friends with him for long enough to know that he didn't give a shit who was in the room when he changed. Sam normally bitched about it, but he was occupied, so Dean didn't have to hear his shit for once.
It was nearly six in the evening by then, and none of them were ready to call it quits. Glancing around the room of friends, Dean grinned and held up his phone.
Dean groaned as he felt teeth nip at his bottom lip, digging his nails into Castiel's back and gesturing him in with his legs around his waist. He let out a moan at the feeling of Castiel's own obvious hardness against his thigh, and Cas pulled back to look at Dean, gasping.
After rather hurriedly putting another finger in, it became clear that Castiel's patience had run out. Removing both hands from their contact on Dean's body, he flipped him onto his back and shoved Dean's knees toward his chest, quickly stripping both of them of any remaining clothing. Now that Dean was looking at him, it was almost too much. Cas was panting in his rage, that feral look still in his eyes and fully disheveled. Dean wasn't given much time to dwell on that, however, because without any warning, Castiel had pushed into him.
She pulled him in for a hug quickly, patting him on the back. Pulling away, she held his arms and gave him the mom look he was so used to.
...didn't he?
About twenty minutes after he had sent the driver after his idiots, he heard the horn outside and headed out. As soon as he was out the door, he could see them fighting in the backseat. Shaking his head, he got in and shut it behind him, immediately surrounded by yelling. Charlie and Sam were going at it while Jess sat in the corner, shaking her head. As the limo started driving, he realized that they were still talking about the breadsticks.
Castiel tilted his head slightly, as if weighing his options. Just before Dean was about to talk again, he seemed to have decided, because he surged forward, slamming his mouth on Dean's. To Dean's eternal annoyance, he responded instantly, kissing back and clawing to bring Castiel closer. The other man picked him up under his legs and set him on the counter behind Dean, never separating from him.
Her voice had suddenly gone gossamer, as if she were remembering a dream. As if she were telling him a bedtime story.
By the time Dean came back with coffee, steaming in the cool sunrise rain, Cas had dried his eyes and brightened considerably, and Sam's general demeanor had shifted from shocked to sympathetic. Walking into the room the second time was much more comforting than it had been earlier that morning.
The Byrne house creaked pleasantly under their feet as Sam went into the far guest room, throwing a
“You’re burning up,” he murmured, and Dean swallowed.
“Got to tend to your brother myself, I think. Make sure he don’t go jumpin’ out of his skin on us,” Olivia finished.
“Is that Sam?”
They turned to leave the dock, the warm breeze soothing and pressing against their skin, and Cas self-consciously slipped his arm into Dean's—carefully, smoothly, and to his surprise and happiness Dean only pulled away a very little bit—the better to find Cas' fingers, and lace his own between them.
“Children better get to bed. Early to rise tomorrow, you hear me? None of that dallying all moony for each other, you lazy boys. I’ll come snatch that mashwarohn right from under your covers and make him fine for you,” she tittered, knocking her elbow into Cas’.
Dean sat under the water, staring up at the steam floating against the ceiling, until Sam knocked on the door and his muffled voice announced that Cas was back.
means infidelity or some kind of gambling problem, or—God knows what else."
In relative quiet they packed up and loaded the Impala, and as the brothers wrestled with the false bottom in the trunk (something was stuck underneath), Cas wandered a little ways into the parking lot, looking out at the river one more time. He could almost see Helena Olsson's embroidery in the water, the indigos and purples and blues wending through the current.
“'Course I do," she said, her voice coming awake a little bit. "Sam. ‘Just Sam.'"
He looked like he belonged here, in a room like this, Dean thought. All chiaroscuro and sweet light.
“So,” Sam said sleepily, mopping his egg up with a piece of toast. “Plan?”
“That's a hell of a shot in the dark,” he said, but it was a weak argument, and he knew it.
“We were told you could put us up for a night, ma’am.”
He and the old man sat inside, still, at the table. A strange sort of peace had fallen in the wake of the confusion, the seizure of sadness that had blown in and out through Dean's body.
The sound of Sam's laughter drifted up to them from the river's edge.
“Faith has a tendency to do that,” Cas said.
Dean’s hand slicked over the head of Cas’ cock, pulling a sigh from him.
Grace.
She stopped and turned to him, cocked her painted eyebrow. He eyed the basket and raised his own in challenge.
but she was gorgeous, even with summer sweat on her brow and her hair pulled messily pulled back and that frustrated frown on her face.
Silence fell in the car, then, as David mumbled directions to Sam, and Dean and Castiel drifted into their own little island of seclusion in the back seat.
Dean nodded, but said nothing, and moved past him, towards the same far bed he always took at the end of a day's drive. Their hands caught, not enough to tangle but just enough to touch, as he passed, and Cas looked down, closing his fingers as if to keep the brush there, safe against his palm.
"What's happening?" Cas asked, concerned, appearing at his side. Sam was ducking in too, and Dean just gestured at the open pantry where the woman had gone, brandishing the broom like a weapon. His mouth was an open shape of confusion.
The sooner those two stopped bickering, the better.
“I'm almost done working,” Dean said, soft, their warm breath trapped between them. “Might come down and join you when I'm finished.”
“I know,” he said, voice brushing over Dean’s ear as he kissed his temple.
“I never thought it’d be so obvious,” she said quietly. “Or come knocking on our door—heavens above. I never thought they’d wear everything the way they do. Right in their eyes, Nate – he has the bluest eyes.”
“I was there,” he said, his voice a little hollow. “Me and one other, I don't remember her name. I think she may have died in your war. In any case—it was routine, it was normal. Easy pickings. And your preacher, this—Amos Porter—became my responsibility by chance.”
He swallowed, steeled himself.
“I’m so sorry.”
Nevertheless the inevitable restlessness came. Sam knew it had arrived when he woke the last morning of the wedding week to a dull and stirring itch under his skin, and when Dean and Cas made themselves known a little before lunch, appearing like mirages into the dusty gold of Olivia's front room.
And they stood, very suddenly, toe to toe; and the sun was slipping down from the sky like a fish from a net; and to their left, past the heated nearness of their bodies, was Sam; and farther past were the watchers, the faces they knew, the faces they had met, but all of it falling away, all of it curling gently back like smoke over water.
Lily Francis kept her cell phone tucked beneath her hand and against her knee beneath the table that night, and every night that followed.
Cas leaned forward in the back seat, pressing his cheek against Dean's headrest, and when Sam glanced over in the rear-view mirror he saw the angel's hand on his brother's shoulder, and Dean's fingers gently placed over them, rubbing a little circle on the back of Cas' knuckles.
“Yeah,” he replied after a moment, his annoyance dissipating. It was
They gazed at it, in various stages of something like rapture, until Yann fidgeted a little.
Cas smiled softly and left him to his fiction.
“Hey—just calm down a minute, okay?” Sam took a hesitant step forward as if to touch Yann's shoulder and Yann flinched.
“Yeah.” Sam shifted, feet crunching in the gravel. “That's what I'm worried about.”
“Kid’s a mess,” he mumbled, and Cas tucked himself closer to Dean’s side, skimming his nose along Dean’s shoulder and his neck.
Sam had a fair idea what that something might be.
” he whispered—they whispered—as much in tandem now as the rushing of their hearts, and the sloe-dark beating of the night falling in.
"You looked like you were enjoying yourself, or is that too bold of me to say?" Cas smiled. "Very at ease."
Castiel spent the time holding things for the man he had been assigned to. The gentleman was kind enough to understand that Castiel would be of little help without being taught, and had mandated him as his assistant of sorts. He held the tape measure and pressed his weight down on wood to be cut so it would not snap and caught the split pieces, tossing them into the scrap pile.
The door on the other side of the screen flung itself open and Dean's hand hung in the air, all of them just able to make out the shadowy image of a woman through the mesh.
“Downstairs, I think,” Cas said. He got to his feet, toes cracking on the floor, and found his jeans in the corner, balanced precariously on one leg to pull them on the other.
“Excuse me!” Cas called over the noise, and she lifted her head, grey eyes twinkling.
"Cas?" Sam tried again, after receiving another five steps of silence.
“I am so sorry,” she said for the third time, staring at them with her round chocolate colored eyes. “I was taking my break and I didn’t hear you come in, please forgive me, I am not usually so thoughtless!”
“I was so sure,” Cas murmured, almost to himself. He bowed forward a little, arms loose and useless, hands boneless between his knees. “I was so sure it was good.”
Dean clamped his hand back over his mouth and clawed at the material of his shirt for a moment, over his chest, eyes squeezing shut.
“Hmm?” Yann looked up but couldn't seem to meet his eyes. “Oh—it's nothing. It's probably nothing.”
“Well, this is—cute,” Dean said, unsure of exactly what to call it. The room was miniscule, hardly even a child's room. A twin bed, as promised, under the window on the outside wall, and an unlit lantern on the sill. A rocking chair in the opposite corner, a white-painted bureau, what looked like wedding photos of Nate—a tall, leaning, dark-haired man—and Sugar on the walls above it. A mirror, a closet with nothing in it. Everything about it was soft, almost grandmotherly. Comfortable.
He could see one of her ribs through her shirt, and her shoulder-blades pushed sharply through the skin of her back, but the tattoo was so magnificent he couldn’t call her anything other than beautiful.
“I don’t know!” Dean choked, coming to life again. “I don’t.” He shook his head.
It was a little past four in the morning; there was no way she’d answer.
“Is it just me, or do all these people seem
“No one's killing anyone,” Sam said.
"Yeah?" he said, startled by the sound of Cas' voice. They had come upon the steps to the library and were paused at the bottom of them, looking up at the glass doors.
“I didn’t know you could dance,” Cas said evenly, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“So this hasn’t happened before?”
“Any idea what that has to do with—whatever? You said she was a Riverlander, does it have anything to do with this miracle shit?”
It was obvious he couldn't bring himself to say it.
“You're really sure,” Dean said, looking down at him. “You're really sure you want to spend the rest of your life with a fucked-up broken-down old guy like me?”
They ate in stiff silence, and all the while Cas was acutely aware of Sam looking at him, and at Dean, as if contemplating something, but he was in too much of a bewildered haze to remark upon it.
Sam didn't say anything. When Dean glanced over at him, he saw what looked like a smirk on his brother's mouth, and scowled.
“Why the hell didn't they try to dredge her up in the fifties? Hick brass, let me tell you—”
“He’s been moody all night and he won’t look at anyone but us. I hope it’s not that girl.”
He watched the hunter from the far corner of the house, doing his odd jobs. He had watched Dean hesitate at first, known from the slope of his posture that he was anxious, probably doubting his own performance, but as soon as the rope had been in his hand, as soon as he'd let himself give in to the challenge, he had been spectacular.
“That's what she said, yes.”
“I still don't know why they want us here,” Dean said, but the conviction in his voice was flat. It was dawning on him that the bed was very small, and that a door, a hall, and heavy plaster were separating him and Cas from Sam and from everyone else. They were alone—more alone than they'd been in a long time, and they'd be alone until morning in the pleasant quiet grandmotherly room at the top of the house that wasn't theirs.
He considered it—reaching out and touching Dean's back, the knob where his spine met the nape of his neck, and whispering a
“The birds.” Nate half-laughed. “Well, as far as the stories we’ve heard say, they’re heralding a meeting. Way I see it, the common tradition, the engagement part, that came from our side of the fence. Trickled into people’s ears and started making its way into the public. Kingfishers mean the grand wedding.
“Everything there
If anyone was perturbed by two men dancing together in the boondocks Galilee gymnasium, a few raised eyebrows slipped their way, but no one said a word. In fact Dean was acutely aware of a fair amount of smiles being cast their way by passing couples, the sort of smiles one might give in approval or appreciation.
“Jesus, you are tall,” she marveled, stretching her arms up to his shoulders as they danced, playfully tugging at a longer piece of his hair. He chuckled and bent his head down towards hers, hands fitting nearly perfectly on her sides, wrinkling the soft material of her skirt.
There was a bruise the size of a peach pit on Dean's neck, purpled and mottled, and it looked like his lower lip had been near-ripped off; Cas had circles under his eyes that boded awfully, bloodshot sclera, a bite mark welling at the corner of his mouth. They dawdled, shoulders bowed, in the middle of the room, trading shameful glances, until Dean cleared his throat and said, gruffly, “I'm gonna go get coffee. And then I say we blow this place.”
Sam sat back in his chair, a deep breath filtering out of him. He watched the girls and their partners, the way they smiled up at them, the way they turned and stepped, easy and practiced. A few girls danced with each other in the simple way of friends.
His stomach was a tight knot and he chewed on his lip nervously. Maybe he shouldn’t do this. Maybe he should hang up – he was sleep deprived. He was tired. Yeah, that was it. He was tired now.
“Maybe David knows?” Sam said, dropping his voice to a hush as the footsteps neared.
They were a family, Cas thought, with a smile. They were a proper little family in this place.
They hiked up the short incline to the flat grass-and-brick walk of the park, the path extending all the way into the blotch of pink that must have been the trees.
As they walked, Sam gazed around at the town; nondescript. He put his hands in his pockets and jingled some change. There weren't many people around in the late morning, most of them already at work or at home to escape the ever-present heat.
The old man returned his look and smiled.
. And you found each other. That free will you fought so hard for, gave so much for, that is
He wrestled with it.
“Winona is close,” Sam replied, his own stomach feeling painfully empty all of a sudden.
“Well, let’s do it then,” Dean said, reaching over to straighten Cas’ press badge before striding forward. Sam looked at Cas and Cas caught his eye, both of them stepping at the same time to follow Dean.
Sam looked at Dean, who looked at Cas; they looked at one another and then back at Yann.
“Miracle peaches,” Sam repeated. “Anything to say about that?”
At the moment she was looking hurt, leaning against door-frame, dabbing at her eyes every once in a while and sniffling, by all appearances mourning the loss of her soda machine.
Dean touched the bruises on Cas’ hips. Kissed his chest, attempted to soothe the hurt places.
“Yahtzee,” he said, a little breathless, holding up what looked like a forearm in triumph.
Olivia waited in the shallows, her shawl spread out, the fringe caught in the eddies and flows, like a black pansy bobbing on the current. The early evening warmth was baked into the ground under him and he stared at his bare feet on the bank, the heat spreading up through his heels and into the rest of him. His fingers twitched at his sides and his heart lurched and leapt in his chest, plagued by a constant shiver of sensation.
“Oh, here and there,” the old woman said, nodding.
Cas stalled, looking at Dean intently.
“I'm not gonna hurt you anymore,” he said, at some pinpoint in the stretch of hours, sharp and firm. “I won't.”
“They'd better shut up before I try to sleep,” he muttered. Sighing, itching anxiously at the back of his neck, he went across the room and dropped onto the bed next to Cas, picking up another phone book to flip aimlessly through it, hoping some great answer would pop out at him from the miles of tiny text.
But now the nebulous expanse of land, the separation from New Orleans, from the book. From Amos Porter's prophetics. And the rug, it seemed, had been pulled out from under them, for those remaining hours. Nowhere else to go; no one else to see. Just the long dark road, and the thing at the end of it, and them—three, and free-wheeling, and perhaps a little bit afraid.
She nodded and hummed to herself, pleased by what she saw.
And so they slept a while, their bodies flush and tangled, mouths mere millimeters from one another; the night crept on and on past the wide open window, warm and breezy, rattling the cypress trees, stirring the cicadas in soft rhythms. Neither dreamed—anything worth dreaming of was right beside them, only a finger's breadth away.
They smoothed over Cas’ shoulders, marveling.
They raised the lantern up.
Cas breathed a laugh, nuzzling against Dean’s fingers. They trailed down his face, tracing over the bridge of his nose, his cheekbones, the high lines of his forehead. Dean’s thumb dragged over his brows and swept under his eyes before smudging the corner of his mouth.
“Was it that bitch? We probably missed a bone or two,
“And the last thing we need is bad luck,” he finished, hasty.
“This is a salt box house,” Dean said suddenly, clearing away Cas’ cloudy thoughts, trying to fill the silence, to keep the lid on it all. “The roof. That’s how you can tell.” He mimicked with his forearm.
Dean wasn't watching the weather—he was watching Cas, the tails of his borrowed plaid shirt fluttering backward like bird's wings in the wind, his hair tossed and tumbled. Dean was beginning to lose track of the number of these moments, the instants where he wished to God he were some kind of artist, that he could capture Castiel in all the places where he fit—the orchard in Wisconsin, the bedroom in Galilee, and now on the nameless road looking off into the distance, his hands a little akimbo as if to embrace the rain, as if waiting for some enormous revelation to seize him whole.
“Yeah,” Dean said, hoarsely. “I think we've got the picture.”
“D'you hear that?”
“Yes sir.”
The snake coiled tighter, as if shamed, and flicked its tongue.
“No,” he said. “But it's—important.”
“So, according to Lily—Francis,” he said, tacking on her surname and clearing his throat, “Amos Porter started out here. And get this: believe it or not, apparently, a few people in town still go by his religion.”
The angel scoffed, twisting, and wound up face to face with Dean, the small of his back caught in the hunter's grip, strong hands gentle against his hips. Dean kissed him, lazily, still half-drunk on sleep, and Cas sighed into his mouth, settling, resting his own hands in the crevasses of Dean's elbows.
Most of all he wondered why he'd waited this long.
“I’ll be right back,” he said, standing and stacking their empty plates to throw away. He tossed them without another word to Dean and excused himself around people, shouldering through the heavy metal gym doors and into the balmy night air.
“Are you going to kill me?” Yann blurted, betraying his fears, and immediately ducked his head, staring into the swirling, darkening water in the mug.
“Dean? What’s the matter?” He yawned again, reaching out to drape his arm over Dean’s lap, head nuzzling into the softness of his side.
"Shoo! You naughty thing! Naughty Baby! After those duck eggs!" Madame Olivia's voice rattled through the small kitchen, and Cas suddenly pointed to the floor.
“Hey, she said she’d call the sheriff,” Sam said softly, sheepishly, and Dean rolled his stiff neck.
“Grab your honey and pull em’ close!” She smiled, all well-worn theatrics. “We’re gonna take a little walk, ain’t we Nate?”
Sam felt something pinch in his throat at the sound of it—
"You're the trouble," she sighed, and she did not kiss him, but patted his face gently before she grabbed his chin, yanking it down to look into her dark eyes. "You behave yourself and I’ll do what I can for you. You make trouble? I make trouble.”
“But how do we know there will be Riverlanders?” Sam asked. They hadn’t seen any houses coming in. They must have been even further back, past the main drag, way off in those rising hills.
"It hasn't yet," she whispered. “I don't think it's ended yet.”
“Come on, cutie pie,” Dean teased. “I’m starving.”
Cas went about handing everyone their boxes, as if in gesture of peace, as Dean looked ready to rip the journal to shreds if it was as useless as Sam implied. Dean sank into the ancient, molding armchair in the corner beside the disconnected television and ran his hands over his face.
“What's up, then?” she asked. “Still in, uh. Nowhere, Kentucky?”
"It won't be like that. Do you even hear yourself? Lily, I knew you for barely a night and I knew - I knew you were more than that town. You need more than that town and you can do it. I'm serious. Don't you want more than the orchard? More than sitting at your dad's store?"
She gave them a hesitant wave as she turned, and Sam followed her out towards the front, hand hovering near the small of her back, as if he was afraid to touch her.
“That's all I want, you know,” Cas said, slipping bluntly into honesty. The warm edge to his voice slid, haphazard, for just a moment—knifelike sincerity, an instant. “All I want is for you and Sam to be happy.”
Dean reached out, flushed the toilet and then pulled Cas towards him, his shaking hands too afraid to press down on the mottled skin. Cas, lost, gripped him hard, held him tightly, ignoring his body's protests and the bitter pain.
Celeste smiled at him. Her smile, he thought, could light up the entire world.
Dean rolled his eyes and set his jaw, and Cas slowed his pace. Frustration was setting thick into the lines of Dean's body, coiling under his skin like sinew or muscle.
“Thank you again for having us,” Cas said as she turned on the tap and took dish soap from under the counter. “I don't think we'll be in town much longer.”
“Oh, you traveling types. It doesn't matter a bit. You'll stay here until you're done, then. Strangers are always welcome in Galilee.”
Chuck observed him for a moment and then returned his attention outward, to the world.
“I love you too.”
“So?” Sam asked as they walked towards the car, Dean holding out his hands for the keys, which Sam passed along.
There was a moment of complete silence when he fitted his fingers against hers.
Before the business of rivers, before kingfishers, before books and the hot august green of late summer. His little brother bent up in the backseat, Cas looking out the window at the bluffs, all of it up in the air, swirling above them.
Quietly, Dean got up, and moved to him; held his hips from behind and settled his face into Castiel's shoulder.
“They’ve only got ten stores. She can’t be that hard to find,” Sam mused, looking up and down the little strip of street. A small grocery and drug, a hardware store, a barber-shop, a bank and a post office looked back at him. None of them were really closed, but there were a lot of drawn shades. It was exactly what you would have expected of a drowsy late-summer morning in a town as small as that one: deserted. Had the girl not explained away the absence of the men it would be easy to blame it on the heat.
He didn't move. Dean didn't move.
And that is how the story ends, how it was always meant to end, my dear children, in the taking of flesh by
“For strong family, and old age,” he chuckled, tapping his own silver-white head.
“Did she tell you anything?” Sam asked, as by some mutual unspoken agreement they all began walking down the street towards the nearest place still serving lunch. “About the birds?”
“Shut up, I’m not trying to get your money!” she squawked, waving her hands in front of her face. “I’m trying to tell you I
His own simple silver band was cold when he pressed his fingers to his lips, remembering.
Dean buried his hands in its fur and let out a ragged breath, his whole body collapsing in on itself, eyes still shut tightly.
“Oh—o-of course!” Sam said, remembering himself, holding out his arm for her. She wrapped her own daintily around it, all ladylike and proper, shuffling forward with him.
He was furious: furious that he was human, furious that he had to
Both reasoned that it would only have been a matter of time.
Dean stared at him through the dark and pointed towards the window and the parking lot.
“Shut up. This is not about me. Okay?
“You ready?” Sam asked, softly, beside him, and Dean nodded, felt his brother’s hands on his shoulders.
“So what would you like us to do about it?” Dean said, tiredly, once Yann had finished.
“Did something happen?” Sam asked gently, settling for touching Cas' shoulder. “I mean, you don't have to tell me, but—I know, about you and Dean. And it's okay, I mean, it's fine. So you can tell me if you want.”
He flipped the phone closed and groaned, rubbing at his eyes.
Dean smiled, eyes crinkling at the corners, watching them tiptoe over his damp skin. Little clumsy finger-steps treading over his chest, stumbling briefly on his collarbone before regaining their balance again.
By some magic, or perhaps Olivia’s intentions, they forgot time again until it had snared them, and the day had waned until barely a sliver of it remained and there was a fluttering excitement about all of them that would not be suppressed.
authentic,” Sam muttered.
The story always said how the catfish came out of the water, but it never explained how much it hurt to get in.
“Alright, soap opera. He's never gonna see her again. Never lasts.”
That afternoon, though, they had stripped themselves down to their T-shirts and jeans and awkward arms.
“Let's say for a minute we believe you,” Dean said, ignoring the dark looks Sam and Cas shot his way. “Why should we help you with anything? You're a monster.”
The three of them looked up to see a girl hurrying towards them, tying her apron around her round hips, her face flushed pink with embarrassment.
“That was wrong. What they did.”
“I only wanted to say,” Cas said, turning around to face him once the buckle was in place, “that—I am extraordinarily blessed to be counted as your brother.”
“I can do that, too,” he mumbled, and she laughed at him. It made him think of music boxes. The kind with little hand painted dancers inside that spun. That was it, her laugh. A sound that pirouetted out of her mouth.
Sam listened to the lilt of her voice and found himself smiling like an idiot all over.
They left when the full moon was well into the sky. Yann stayed entirely human throughout the evening, much to his joy—Dean saw him glancing at the window every few minutes until at least an hour under the moonlight had passed, and every minute that passed in peace brought a bigger smile to his face.
Cas watched Dean’s face. If the situation didn’t call for such a somber attitude, he might have laughed. Dean’s expression was caught in some kind of in-between state. He appeared unsure of how to react to whatever Bobby was telling him, the phone pressed against his ear, his mouth slightly open in surprise.
“Yes ma'am,” he said again, after only a moment. “I did.”
that was what he knew Dean liked after a shock. “A very old one. I suppose it was something in the tea, some kind of magic—”
“So you’re telling me the only real lead we have is a book that may or may not still exist, and may or may not have fuck-all to do with this.”
“You know,” he said, softly, “it's—it's still a choice, Cas. She made it pretty clear that if we didn't want to—we didn't have to.”
They stayed like that a while, breathing the air of one another, and then at no particular moment they moved, and lay back down. And Dean's heart was calm enough to let him feel the press of night upon his face, and he held Cas tight, and Cas held him in turn.
"Tell them I'll do it," Dean answered without a moment's hesitation. He loved these projects, the atypical ending stories where the villains win. Crowley knew that, too, which is why he had brought it up with Dean at all.
It came to an end all too soon for Dean's taste, the scene ending with Max pinning a spitting mad Harris to the wall. The blood capsule he had had to bite to bleed from his mouth was fucking disgusting, but it worked. They called cut, and Dean relaxed, smiling. Cas winced at him, shaking his head.
It had been three days since the first shoot, all of which had been spent working with Novak. And, to put it lightly, it was hell. He was bitchy, obnoxious, picky, and over all a fucking nightmare to work with. Dean had a headache just being near the prick. He couldn't imagine being forced to work for him and get him what he demanded.
"Who did you manage to fuck at work?" Sam asked, face turning to one of suspicion. Jess's eyes widened, and she turned to Dean so fast he was sure she'd tip off the couch.
Dean preened at the praise, but again, he was an impatient man. Trying to get Cas to move, he rolled his hips slightly, earning a hiss. Cas's eyes snapped up, pupils almost blacking out the blue there. His hands tightened on Dean's hips to the point that he was sure he'd be bruised later, but Dean wasn't even sure he minded.
Charlie noticed him first, hitting Jess and getting her attention to smile and point to the approaching Dean. Jess looked around for a second before spotting him, giving one of her show stopping smiles. Sam was with them as well, being his typical goofy self, which made him smile. As much as he'd never admit it to Sam, he was like the brother Dean never had.
Settling into the backseat, Dean sighed as the car began moving. Tapping his finger on his leg absentmindedly, he wondered how Sam and Charlie had been feeling. He hadn't felt like seeing anyone the last few days, and they hadn't reached out, so he really hadn't heard from them. A small bloom of guilt planted itself in his head at the thought. He should have checked on them. It wasn't just them that could initiate conversation. Fuck, why was he so self absorbed sometimes?
So far, they had had to film a few scenes where Dean and Novak had been directly interacting, including the scene that morning. It was the dialogue scene before a fight scene, so they had to act pissed anyway, which was not helping the situation.
"No, absolutely not. He doesn't get to push me off of a project I really want to be on, not this time. I'm doing this damn project, whether he's on it or not. And I'm gonna show him up in every single scene," Dean spat. Crowley gave a small, relieved sigh, knowing as well as Dean did that it would have been difficult to pull him now. Before he could say anything else, Dean hung up, throwing his phone onto the couch.
That was, until someone yanked the girl back. He couldn't process it for a moment, but as he looked at what had happened, he realized that fucking Novak was not only in his house, but had just scared off his chance for an incredible hook-up. The girl was long gone by then, and Dean glared him down, suddenly feeling far less buzzed.
"See you, Rayna!" He called. She shouted back some response, but he didn't quite catch it. It didn't seem urgent, so he left it, heading out to main set. Glancing around, he sighed, taking a deep breath.
Gulping, he turned back to Jody. She looked over at him again, face softening at the look on his. Putting her hand on his arm, she gave him a gentle smile.
"Oh, man! Not only did our boy get dick, he got good dick!" She said, high fiving Dean as he collapsed onto the couch by Jess. Instantly, all three were looking at him with questioning eyes.
Feeling the car slow as they got near to his house, Dean looked up at the driver, who was grimacing. Following his gaze, Dean saw why. His face hardened, and his muscles tensed. His eye was twitching, and it hadn't done that in years.
"What?" He said, brows drawn together. Jess raised a hand and pointed at his jaw.
His bet had paid off, because there sat his driver. Tossing his things in, Dean slid into the seat and sighed. Staring out the window, he let a satisfied smile find its way onto his face. Deciding to check his phone to rid himself of the notification, he opened it, only to see that the text he had received had not been a text from the driver at all. It had been a text from Castiel.
Seconds later, cut was called. Dean looked at Cas, who was sizing up his face. Sending a soft smile Cas's way, he bumped their forehead together again.
Making his way outside, he took a deep breath, leaning his head back. Letting a small smile creep onto his face, he put his hands in his pockets and started walking through his neighborhood. He didn't live anywhere super high profile, just a quiet but nice neighborhood in the city, and he liked it that way. Why have a mansion or some high rise apartment? He didn't need it, it would be lonely. He preferred a decent sized but nice house and neighbors he could actually enjoy talking to.
"Olive Garden breadsticks, while far inferior to other bread, are well liked by this psychopath," he said, and this absolutely would have gotten him hit again if they hadn't arrived at the restaurant.
What he did tend to focus his helplessness and anger on, however, was whatever the hell was going on with Novak. He had been a comforting presence while he was with Dean, but now that he was gone, Dean was fucking pissed at himself. How could he have let Novak see him in his weakest moments? Let him stay with him in his home? Invite him over? It was a bad move and he knew it. For all he knew, Novak was using it as a move to get under his skin. Too late now, he supposed.
Cas didn't comment on it, and Dean was grateful for that. Once the food was plated, he handed Dean his plate and silverware and silently began eating his own. Dean followed suit, not feeling hungry but knowing that he needed to eat all the same. When they had both finished, Cas took the dishes to the sink and then returned to sit by Dean. He didn't say a word when Dean leaned his head on his shoulder and cried again, just held him up. Eventually, Dean got it under control again, and he decided to go over to sit on the couch.
They arrived at the door, and Cas gave him that easy smile he tended to have after he did something he was proud of. Grabbing Dean's arm gently, he gave it a small squeeze.
Finally, they both ran out of tears to cry, of things to say. Charlie got up and headed out, Dean seeing her to the door and hugging her goodbye. He couldn't help himself from whispering a quick "be safe" in her ear, and he cried yet again as soon as the door shut behind her.
"You have a hickey that you didn't have when you snapped us this morning," she said, and he slapped his hand on his jaw, cursing. God damn Novak, could he have at least tried to be subtle?
This seemed to be holding true, because as Dean moved into the room at the back of the first floor, he saw Sam getting in a guy's face. Dean moved over quickly, hearing what Sam said as he did.
"Don't be ridiculous. He'd resurrect us to do it again," she said, and Dean snorted, nearly getting coffee up the nose. When he stopped spluttering, he flipped Tanya off, eyes watering.
Dean found himself dancing in a huge crowd of people, Charlie directly next to him as he did so. They were laughing and moving around, Dean a little less enthusiastic than usual because of how sore he was. Between them, they had an entire bottle of liquor and were just taking turns taking a swig and passing it. Jesus, he and Charlie would definitely be alcoholics in later life. At one point, he dropped it and it shattered, but neither were sober enough to care by then.
"Listen here, asshole. I just got a call from a sobbing Charlie and a very pissed off Sam. They're worried about you, think you're becoming some kind of alcoholic. So they sent me to check on you," he stated, crossing his arms over his chest. Dean averted his eyes, answering quietly.
Headache still raging, Dean slapped around on his bed until he found his phone, deciding to order breakfast and save himself some energy. As he was doing this, Sam stirred to life, sitting up and then immediately wincing. He rubbed his head, and Dean chuckled slightly.
After far longer than usual, she was done, giving him a light smack on the shoulder to tell him he was good to go. Standing, he stretched, again wincing. He had to stop doing that to himself. Rayna caught it, snickering at him.
Castiel was across from him, the stunt coordinator instructing them both. They'd be on wires for some of it for crashing through shit, but it would mostly be a basic fight scene. Most of their training would be the weapons handling and memorizing the moves. She talked them through it slowly, showing their moves, and then had them do as she had. Within half an hour, they both knew their individual moves. It was just the pairing of them in the actual fight then.
Throwing his hands up and flopping onto his back, Dean groaned. Charlie snorted, and he could almost see the look she and Jess were giving each other. Without sitting up, he answered with an arm over his face.
Dean moved to let Jess forward, since she'd been the one to make the reservation. Immediately, he saw someone from the corner of his eye hit their friend and point to their group. He couldn't be sure if they were talking specifically about him, since all four of them were actors. However, it did mean they were probably going to get approached soon. Not that he minded, but it was good to know a little ahead of time.
Charlie saluted as Dean pretended to faint, forcing Charlie to catch him. Sam and Jess walked off laughing, and Charlie set Dean back up, muttering something about him being heavy as shit. He rolled his eyes and hit her arm playfully, and she grinned at him.
Hearing a song he knew Charlie loved, he only had time for his eyes to widen before Charlie was dragging him over to dance. Protesting the whole way there, he gave up only when they were in the middle of a crowd that was already dancing. She let go of him, immediately beginning to dance. Shrugging, he decided that he might as well enjoy himself. It was his party, after all. As soon as he started dancing, Charlie smiled and grabbed his hands to spin him. Laughing, he let her, going back to dancing normally afterwards.
"Do you want to do this one at a time or together to get this done faster?" Dean asked, and the look on Castiel's face was a slight echo of the feral face from earlier.
Finally, the stunt coordinator was satisfied, bringing them over to the actual set to prep them. The set had been fully prepared for it, looking rather glum with the intense lighting they'd be using. Dean glanced over it, really liking the overall feel of it. It was inside the hero's apartment, so it was a good hotspot for breaking things and making a really messy scene. Of course, it was meant to be broken, but the audience didn't care about that. They cared about carnage. And this set, this scene? That was going to give them what they wanted.
"Sure, Dean," Charlie said quietly. Sam still hadn't spoken, but Dean couldn't blame him. Just about everyone knew that he and Jess had had some weird romantic tension going on, and that they had possibly even been secretly dating. He was sure that this was hitting Sam harder than either of them.
He was shocked that Castiel cared so much. Truth be told, he supposed he shouldn't be, considering that they'd been friendly lately. However, it was still jarring to see him stick up for him like that. It made Dean feel like this may be a genuine change that was happening with the two of them, and to be completely honest, he wasn't sure how to feel about that. So he did what he did best and stopped thinking about it in favor of other things.
He couldn't believe that the big man on campus had fucking run away from what he started. It wasn't surprising, considering the kind of guy Dean knew him to be. Snorting, he grabbed his phone and scrolled online for a while before he heard a car and looked up, seeing his driver pull in. Thank god; he couldn't wait to get home.
After a minute, Jess was back to explaining. As Dean sat next to them, the doorbell rang again, and he glanced to Jess.
It was only about half an hour before his first floor was full of people, and they were only getting more and more racy and drunk as the time went on. As it was, the crowd was a bit wild, but he could hardly begin to think what it would look like in a few hours.
Once upstairs, Dean and Jess moved Sam to the couch, setting him down and tucking a blanket over him. Jess stayed to keep an eye on him, leaving Dean to wander off. He knew better than to look for Charlie; that bitch didn't drink much and she was on a mission earlier. She'd probably already left with that girl by then, and he'd get stabbed if he interrupted in any way.
"Yes, of course! Costume department is this way," Thomas said, leading the way as Dean followed behind. Crowley didn't, presumably staying to make sure everything was safe and in order. As moody as he was, he was good like that.
"I'm not my dad, Charlie," he bit out, surprised at the venom in his own tone. Sam snapped his eyes up from his phone, glancing between Dean and Charlie in concern.
"There it is."
Charlie saw a girl and eventually vanished to make the moves, and Dean went to find Sam again. He always ended up looking for Sam, because drunk Sam was a wild motherfucker. If he wasn't too drunk, he was always the life of the party. Either that, or being the problem child.
Deciding it wasn't worth it to kill himself by overthinking, he put his dishes in the sink and moved over to the living room. Turning on something random, he scrolled his phone as he watched whatever happened to come on. Some things were pretty good, some were shit. So it was with television and movies. If anyone would know, he would.
The two stopped in front of the table, scanning over everyone. One girl spoke up, and he realized it was the one who had been hit by her friend.
Dean barely knew what happened before he felt his back slam against the wall, Novak's hand... on his god damn throat? What the fuck? Dean glared up at his captor, trying to wrestle free, to no avail. The grip only tightened, and Dean was forced to stop so he didn't black out.
"Well good morning, Mr. I Look Like I Died Last Night," Cas teased, earning himself a strong middle finger.
Dean could feel the precum dripping inside of him, and he couldn't tell where his own met the shower water. Either way, he knew he was close, and if the noises that Cas were making and the way his hips stuttered slightly were any indication, he was as well.
The party went on quite a bit longer, but it was all fuzzy. All Dean remembered after that was waking up in his bed with the worst hangover of his life and wanting to die. As he sat up, he saw his friends sprawled on the floor and sighed.
Turning to his other side, Dean gave Jess's parents a small nod before tapping on Sam's shoulder as well. He jumped like he hadn't noticed there were other people in the room, relaxing slightly once he saw that it was Dean who had done it. Pulling Sam into a tight hug, Dean whispered to him as he did.
Whatever. Dean never could figure out what was in his head, not even after getting in his pants. At that point, he wasn't sure there was anything in his head to get into.
Once he'd been dropped at home and collected his food, he headed upstairs to unwind. Turning on some tv and opening the Chinese he'd bought, he let out a breath and smiled softly. This movie would be fun, Novak or not. He didn't think that even he could ruin something this good.
"Very fucking hung over, and despite me fucking him up, the man got a few good hits in," Sam sighed, seeming very annoyed by the whole situation. Now that Dean's vision was a little clearer, he could see that Sam had some rough looking bruises on his face. Yeah, those would be there for a while.
Without much thought, he threw on a sweatshirt and jeans, padding out to the kitchen to get something to eat. He had just reached the fridge when his doorbell rang, causing him to wince sharply. Fucking hang overs, man. Shaking his head like that would dispel the steady pounding in his skull, he walked downstairs and wondered who would have showed up unannounced. The question was answered for him as soon as he twisted his doorknob, because the door was thrown open and in stomped Novak, slamming it behind him.
“Where's Sam?" Charlie asked quietly, also sitting up. Dean had never seen her so... faded. She was always so lively, so bright, but the Charlie that he saw now was nothing like her. There was a pang in his heart at the thought, wishing he could fix this for her, for Sam. For himself.
"I solemnly swear that Novak will be the only one to have to experience my bitchiness, and everyone else shall be treated with the utmost respect and dignity," he said, trying and failing to do an accent due to the laughter he was still dealing with. By the end of his speech, Jody was laughing too, almost like it hurt her to do so. Shaking her head, she hit him on the arm as they settled down.
"Hey," he said, sounding a bit winded. "Can I come in?"
Deciding that his walk had had just about all the excitement he needed for the day thanks to her, he headed back home, feeling somewhat better. Jody was good at that, being so close to a mother to him that she could make him feel better just by taking his side.
For Jess.
Novak was here, again, holding his arm and walking up the steps into his trailer. He let go of Dean to turn and shut the door, and that was when the very small thread connecting Dean and his patience decided to break. As soon as Novak turned, Dean slapped him across the face, getting in his space and screaming as he clutched his abused cheek.
The shower was quick, but he made sure to get himself clean regardless. Stepping out, he toweled off and started pulling his clothes on, suddenly hearing a loud rumble from his stomach. Shaking his head, he finished getting dressed and padded out to the kitchen. He had been so worried about his house that he'd forgotten to eat. Hopefully that wouldn't occur to Jody, or he'd get an earful about needing to take better care of himself. A small smile crept its way onto his face just at the idea.
"I hope it was at least worth it," she teased, and he flushed a bit, stuttering indignantly as she cackled. Fuck, he had forgotten how fun she could be. He needed to invite her to shit sometime.
As soon as his car arrived for the morning, he jumped into the backseat, feeling like a little kid on Christmas. Tapping his fingers as he watched out the window, he silently ran over the scenes they were scheduled to shoot that day in his head. Nothing too big, just the opening scene and a base scene where Dean's character, Harris, would reveal to the audience that he was a super hero of sorts. Novak wouldn't even be there that day, which was a relief. It meant he'd get to enjoy his first day without that bitch in his way.
The credits on the movie rolled, and as Dean stood, stretching, he smiled at the looks on people's faces. He loved premiers, especially on movies he was proud of, because people were always buzzing and wanting to talk to him at the after party. Playing that villain had been difficult, too; he was a complicated bastard, and Dean had had to put his all into it. He simply hoped that people liked it as much as he had.
"Which means that we're shooting that very soon," he finished, laughing at the face Dean made. "Well, at least it won't be uncomfortable to shoot it."
"You can't just be funny while I'm trying to take a drink," he complained, and she doubled over laughing at him, which he chose to ignore. Sighing, he sipped more of his coffee, shaking his head.
Settling into the back of the car, he found that his thoughts were very much still occupied with whatever the fuck had happened barely an hour previously. No matter how hard he tried not to think about it, he found himself drifting there again and again, and every time he only felt more confused. Consistently, the thought he had before trying to distract himself was what the hell happened and what do I do about that shit? Unfortunately, he didn't have the answer to either question, and they just served to piss him off.
As soon as he got within Charlie's sight line, she bombarded him with questions about who had come and what they'd wanted. He sighed in exasperation as he walked back toward his room, Charlie very closely following and harassing him the whole way there. Jess was sitting on his bed, so he could only assume that Sam had gotten into the shower in his brief absence.
Before he could wallow in self pity any more, he felt his phone ringing in his pocket and quickly picked it up, trying to calm his voice before answering. Accepting the call, he held it up to his face and took a deep breath.
"Thank you, Charlie. God damn." She fake glared at Dean, who just rolled his eyes.
"Damn right we will," he answered, and Cas let go of his hand.
Before Dean could get a word out, Cas leaned forward and gave him a long, gentle kiss. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas's back, looking up at him with a puzzled expression when he finally pulled away.
As Dean stirred to life, the first thing he noticed was that it was dark outside, meaning his nap had been longer than intended. The second, and more important, thing he noticed was that there was a warmth to his right in the bed. It was only then that he remembered having invited Novak over, and he calmed slightly, turning to glance over at him. He was met with Novak leaning against the pillows, meeting his eyes where he had been watching him instantly. He didn't seem embarrassed at being caught; in fact, he smiled softly.
Sighing and sitting down with his coffee, he text back quickly, hoping it wasn't anything major. Crowley was never one to text him something so vaguely, and it made him uneasy.
"Dean-" she started, but he had heard enough.
"It is amazing that you get any acting done when you laugh that hard about that stupid joke," Jess said, and Dean gaped at her indignantly, crossing his arms. He looked at Sam for backup, but Sam was snickering. Throwing his hands up, he turned in a circle and then put his hands on his hips.
"We'll get this off together, sweetheart," she said, and he nodded. "And I'm sorry I didn't come visit you after Jess passed. I figured you'd want your space. I sent you mail, but I don't think you saw it. Or my texts," she said.
"Really fucked you so well you can't even sit right, did I?" He joked, and was met with his third flip off of the early morning. At this point, he was on his way to a new high score.
Dean's heart died in his chest all over again at the sight of Jess's parents clutching each other like the world had ended, with Sam next to them on the couch trying to curl in on himself with eyes so dead Dean wasn't sure he'd survived the news himself. At his entrance to the room with Charlie, Sam looked up and instantly stood, practically tackling Dean into a tight hug as they sat down. Charlie sat next to them, and they all sat like that for hours, just comforting each other in silence and going into crying fits.
Laughing softly where he was licking at Dean's jaw, Cas came up to press their lips together. Grinding his hips against Dean's, he earned himself a gasp, using it to lick his tongue into Dean's mouth. Dean already felt like his legs were jelly, and the hand that wasn't holding Dean's leg against Cas's hip cradled Dean's face to let Cas deeper into his mouth. God, it was so easy to overthink outside of sex, but when they were here it was all Dean wanted.
Dean nodded, turning down the hallway they'd entered and toward a more open room, probably where they'd film. At the end of the hall, he saw a man with a headset talking to roughly everyone, and he figured that was their director. The man turned and saw him coming, waving him over as he came closer to the end of the hall. Dean and Crowley stopped in front of him, Dean putting out a hand to the director. The man returned the handshake, smiling.
"That asshole," he said, and Thomas just nodded, walking off. Dean supposed that meant everyone was done for the day, so he text his driver and headed outside to wait.
"Before you ask, you vultures, yes, it was Novak."
Scrambling to leave, Charlie looked teary eyed. Dean knew he would feel like an asshole later, but he didn't have it in him to care at the moment. Charlie fled the room, and Dean turned to Sam, raging. He was surprised to find the same expression on Sam's face, burning through him.
In the end, he sat some spectacular pasta dish that Dean couldn't pronounce the name of down in front of him, and Dean wolfed it down so quickly he almost choked. When he had finally finished, he looked up and saw Castiel looking at him with sad eyes. As soon as he was caught, though, Cas looked away, clearing his throat quietly.
"...I may have," he answered, and she shrieked with laughter, catching Dean off guard. She turned to Sam and held out a hand, cackling.
He didn't snap out of it until the doorbell rang again, shaking his head and going the rest of the way down to open the door. Opening it, he was met with a shockingly worried looking Castiel. Quickly coming inside and shutting the door behind himself, Castiel gave Dean a quick once over and then glanced at the mess he had made earlier while downstairs.
"There it is," Novak muttered, pulling his fingers out. Dean whined at the loss of contact, feeling deeply empty. Lucky for him, he didn't have to wait long. Within moments, he could feel Castiel's cock against his hole. Sighing, he nodded his head quickly, and Castiel got the hint, sliding inside slowly.
Whirling on him as soon the door was shut, Novak's expression was hard to read. Dean didn't get much of a chance to before he started talking, however.
The big fight scene between Dean's character and Cas's is what immediately lead to the sex scene of the movie. It was... hilariously accurate to the actors playing the characters. Dean had to bite back a grin at that thought.
So Dean hadn't been crazy. There was something fucking happening there, he just wasn't sure what.
Unfortunately for Dean, Castiel didn't seem to like playing nice either. As soon as Dean started kissing back, he grabbed Dean's hips, hard, and slammed him back against the wall. Dean let out a surprised noise, and Castiel used the opportunity to shove his tongue into Dean's mouth. It felt damn good, actually, and he almost didn't want to stop. But then he realized who he was doing this with, feeling his stomach drop, and hit Novak in the chest, shoving him back. Why did he always have moments of clarity at the worst god damn times?
"Thank you," he said, and the driver waved his hand at him, smiling, as he began driving.
"I think we might be hate fucking. Now shut the hell up and kiss me before you piss me off even more," Dean spat, his request met immediately. Castiel was not a gentle person, tugging at Dean's hair and nipping at him as they kissed. Castiel's lips moved down to Dean's jaw, to his throat, as Dean writhed and gasped. He was trying to rut his hips against Castiel's thigh, get any friction to release the pressure, but Castiel held his hips to the counter with an iron grip as he moved. It was fucking infuriating, but Dean found that he kind of liked that.
"Listen, Dean. I know our whole situation is complicated. But believe it or not, I want you to be okay regardless of how complicated we are. You've been through a lot of shit recently, and you're worrying your friends. You're worrying me," Castiel admitted, a bit quieter than the rest of what he'd said. Sighing, Cas ran a hand through his hair and gave Dean a piercing look. "Just... promise me you'll try. You'll try to not drink your problems away, you'll try to ask people for help when you need it."
"Well, now you know. Next time, I'll be sure to give you hourly updates on my life," he teased, dodging a hit from Jess as he did so. They both started laughing and eventually settled down only after their sides hurt so bad that Dean was sure he'd die.
The three of them sat in relative silence as that movie ended and another began, simply out of things to say. About halfway into the second movie, Dean felt himself start to doze off. Shaking off his drowsiness, he stood and stretched, startled Charlie slightly. Heading to the kitchen, he grabbed a beer for each of them and handed them out as he arrived back to the couch. Dean pretended not to see the sharpness behind Charlie's eyes as she looked at him, instead favoring to open his drink. She was right to be concerned, he knew that. But he didn't want to hear it right then.
Maybe these new feelings would work out for him after all, Dean thought as he watched the city lights pass him by. Maybe they just could.
"What?" He mumbled, and Dean did not find his morning voice attractive at all. Nope, not even a little bit. Sighing, Dean reached over and gently smacked him on the side of his head.
"Are you fucking stupid? There's been a rumor that we're fucking for literally years. Plus, this is good press for the movie considering the character relationships," Dean said, crossing his arms. "Now do you want to explain what gave you the fucking nerve to show up on my doorstep and then shove me?"
Sitting up, he grabbed his phone and checked the time, seeing that it was pretty well into the morning, almost noon. Rubbing a hand over his face, he let out a deep sigh. Despite his pounding headache, he should probably get up and get a damn shower, at least. Standing slowly, he made his way over to the bathroom and turned the water on, letting it heat up as he took off the pajamas he had put on the evening before.
"It takes time to get there, Dean. There will be a day soon that you won't have to be jealous of that," he said gently.
"Yes, you did check on me, and that was the problem! I'm supposed to hate you, and here I am asking you to come over because one of my best friends died and letting you comfort me. God, the fucking was almost too much, but that? I can't, I can't do that. I can't do emotional attachment with this shit. Because then it's real, and I-" Dean stopped suddenly, swallowing his words. Castiel didn't look angry anymore, just worried. He stepped carefully closer to Dean, as if he were afraid he would bite.
About a movie and six shots in, he felt his phone buzz and looked down, disoriented. Picking it up and bringing it closer to his face, he saw that it was from Novak.
The rest of the ceremony went off without a hitch, and after all had been said and done, Jess's parents invited the three of them to stay as the coffin was lowered. The five of them stood and watched, silently agreeing to hold onto each other as they all sobbed. Dean found that he couldn't look, staring up at the sky as his vision blurred with tears. Finally, it was over, and they said their half hearted goodbyes and went back down to the venue so that Sam and Charlie could separate from Dean. As they shut the doors, Dean realized that he hadn't heard Sam say a single word the entire day other than his speech. He would have to check on him later.
The air shifted, and the most divine fragrance enveloped them, the trees very suddenly near, as if their steps had magically become longer, pulling them in.
“How do you know about that?”
, and then against Chicago obituaries—this guy died in the same crash that killed Amos Porter.”
He followed Cas into the bedroom. It was unspoken that they'd share, he supposed. It was a fact that had settled gently into their lives, these past few weeks, like every other part of everything: Dean took the far bed, Sam rode shotgun almost always, and Cas slept with Dean. A nice addition, all things considered, he thought.
“Maybe not,” Cas said, and the brothers looked at him. He clamped his mouth shut as if he'd said too much and promptly began to study a light-post across the street.
The last time he had looked at them so closely had been with disgust, but here, he could feel the shake of his fingers, the rush of blood through them, the thrill of power in them. They trembled with some raw energy.
“I-I don’t know! Cade, you were
Something hot—a tear—slipped from the corner of his eye and drifted back into his hairline, against his skull.
“She said most of the guys were up somewhere else? Maybe she’s just running it for someone while they’re off doing whatever?”
He shook out his shirt, the dull green plaid one that Sam had given him several states and months ago, and was about to pull it on when he felt Dean's arms wrap around his waist from behind.
“Tell the happy couple congratulations, okay?” she said, after what felt like hours.
,” Dean said more seriously. “Ever. People don’t just
“We just wanted to ask him a few questions for an—article,” Sam said, unsure exactly why he was stammering.
She nodded to herself, tapping her nails on the table. She got up to fix herself a cup of coffee, leaving her food untouched.
She shrugged.
Dean, looking increasingly like he intended to run all the way back to the seedy motel on 4
There was nothing denoting Amos Porter there - just elaborate handwriting declaring that it was the journal of one Winston Maxwell, to be returned to him in Chicago if it were ever found.
Cas smiled, smiled at the city and the water and the loud braw of the ferry.
“Hold on,” Dean said, holding out a hand, and Yann's mouth snapped shut. “So you've been following
The next morning they sat in a mutual stupor of motel coffee and lazy bones until the sun was halfway into the sky, and Sam had gone through every single article in Yann's binder. He'd been exhausting Google as well, all morning, and just as Dean was starting to stir for lunch and Cas was starting to feel fully awake, he closed his laptop and rubbed his eyes and said, “Okay.”
Cas considered saying it again but didn’t. He closed the distance between them instead, fisting the collar of Dean’s jacket and pulling their mouths together. It was a dry kiss, but firm.
“Then let's get married in a week or two,” he said, lightly, tilting his head back up to Dean, and Dean couldn't resist smiling back. “Let's get married, because we're sure of it, and because we're happy. And no other deprecations. And no more reasons. Not because of any—book, or myth, or story. Just because.”
“I love you,” Cas said, as a child would say it, meekly.
“What?” Sam said, without looking up from Google.
Out of helpless uncertainty more than anything else, Cas moved to the closet, opened the white door and pulled on the chain that hung from the naked bulb in the ceiling. When it sputtered to life and began to buzz he saw that most of the clothes here were clearly Megan's, hung neatly and pressed carefully. One rack, though, held a few men's shirts, and some men's jeans were folded on the stacking cabinet against the wall.
about this. We have to sort it out…there has to be
The waitress came by to offer Lily coffee, and when she'd brought it, Lily held the mug between her hands and looked into it for a moment. The trio watched her expectantly, waiting for whatever she had to say.
What was there to say?
Dean balked, turning to Cas, whose eyes were fixed on their hostess. Sam too, was genuinely interested. Dean mopped the last bit of chicken divan off of his plate with the crust of his bread, and resigned himself to agreeing.
"Three white boys!" She laughed, a witchy sound. "Yes, three white boys on my porch lookin' for a book! I know this one!"
There was the sound of weeds rustling and Cas' voice said, “You're alright?”
Castiel was standing in the open doorway of the wedding bedroom, sure enough, with his duffel bag slung over his shoulder, Sam's old red plaid shirt unbuttoned and untucked and too big on his scrawny frame, his back to the house, staring in, and Dean came to him and touched his waist.
"Ah," Sam laughed, coughing into his fist. "Thank you."
“Goddammit,” Dean hissed—there Cas was, just a little silhouette, his movements jerking and slow, as if he were still asleep, hovering on the riverbank—about to step into the water.
“How many are there, here?” Sam asked.
For example, who knocked on who's door.
“How do you feel?” Cas asked, softly.
Dean jostled awake and looked out the window at the day lilies nodding in thick clumps by the ditched roadside; orange and yellow and rusted reds and weedy green and the grass which was none of these colors, which was brownish, or goldish, depending on the light or the shadow of the car passing over it.
“She knew we were coming, Dean.” Cas tipped his head back a little against the hunter's shoulder, closing his eyes to the fog. “She'd prepared her house for
“That doesn’t matter.”
“Truth be told,” Mattie Lawrence said, more to herself than to Cas, speaking almost inwardly as if to someone tucked away inside her, “I do believe this place has been waiting for a very long time to receive guests like you.”
There was a closed back room and a narrow staircase, and right off the entry was a parlor, the floor sloping down towards the kitchen where they could hear her banging around.
“I don't know what I believe,” she said, trying to sound firm and failing. “Now are you gonna get out of my truck and take me to the fair? Or are you going to ditch me now that we're done playing newspaper reporter?”
He loved him; so why wasn't it enough? Why couldn't he give him what he needed? Dean writhed under him, he squirmed and twisted, gasped and heaved, and nothing Cas did alleviated it. Dean was exhausting himself; his eyes went dead with it, looking mindlessly at nothing.
She looked over at the tables and exhaled. He himself was busy looking at her, memorizing her face, trying to grasp the way she felt standing so close to him. The smell of peach blossoms that drifted into his face every time she moved, the way her ponytail swayed. She probably looked amazing with her hair down. She lifted her dark eyes to him again and he curled closer to her, his hand moving from her waist to tilt her chin up.
Castiel jerked towards the sound of Dean's voice to find him crouching down before him where he sat on a milk crate, sanding some piece of wood they had handed him.
on your mind?” Nate asked, chuckling, walking back to her, placing his hands on her round shoulders. He could see her little pretty mouth was pressed tightly together. Her curls brushed against his cheek as he placed his chin on the crown of her head, watching her cook.
The storm clouds stretched all the way to the river crossing: a pinprick of a town that they forgot the name of as soon as they’d left it. Dean dozed, the lull of the highway pulling him under, and Cas stared vacantly out the window at the grey fields and cars going past, sometimes chatting with Sam when the notion struck them to speak.
"I wish that had made me stop loving you." Her voice was quiet and thick, like she was about to cry. "I really wish it had, and I'm sorry if that's what you wanted. But I do—I really think I do love you, and I want to know all about you, and I wish..."
“Well,” Cas said, reluctantly, “they don't come as easily as they used to anymore.”
She laughed lightly, all traces of her earlier embarrassment gone. Her easy demeanor made the whole shop seem cozier, the very walls standing up a little more in her presence.
“Honey,” she said, holding her phone like a precious thing, “you're the only person in the world I'd sit still for.”
Sam smiled back and followed her in.
Wordlessly, Cas wound his arms around Dean’s neck and locked his legs around his waist and Dean stepped back from the counter, bumping slightly at the table. He carried Cas to the stairs, barely able to manage – Cas’ mouth was searing over his, wet and open, coaxing his tongue out to roll with his, still fuzzy with spices and the faint tang of wine and of rum from the cake they'd eaten.
in some totally random restaurant, having fits, calling me things, what—? What am I supposed to make of that, Sam?”
Wind tousled the trees above them and when they broke apart again they laughed, unable to see one another in the dark, very small laughs.
boys—I
he saw Sam and Lily pause on the sidewalk in front of a huge rusted truck that he assumed was hers. They were talking, hands in their pockets, and Sam leaned down briefly to kiss her cheek before she touched his face, just gently, and then swung up into the cab of her truck to rumble out of the parking lot.
Sam shrugged. “That's what she said. Called them
“You are scarily nice sometimes, dude,” Dean said, shaking his head, pulling open the driver's side door.
"You wouldn't believe me even if I told you." It sort of slipped out of his mouth without him meaning it to. He knew he should have lied, said something easy, but she'd already seen right through him when they met. Maybe it was because he wanted her to ask him.
Yann took two corners and stepped back, the cloth coming undone. The three seated pushed their chairs back as Yann and his mother carefully arranged the linen work on the table.
Dean tinkered with the lazy susan, moving it back and forth minutely, watching it rotate in the center of the table.
It was an avalanche, a blur—the hot tight stomach-knots, the heartbeats of the minutes before, the glances in the rear-view window as they drove away from the grove in the lengthening dusk. Cas in the back seat knowing—imagining, with anticipation and subdued excitement—that soon they would be in the motel parking lot, soon there would be a credit card and a flashed smile and a new room. Sam in the front who had felt the change in the air and knew and didn't say a word when the room next door was booked and they were parting ways, smiled at Dean a little as if to say
They were standing in Olivia’s little laundry room. The night was cool and fragrant.
She didn't tell them to eat, unlike anyone else they'd met, but they ate anyway under her watchful stare. She criticized her own cooking, but in the way that encouraged them to compliment, and they did.
Cas stood in front of the sigil and clenched his hands, open and shut, a few times. He took a breath.
“Yes.”
“Well, it’s more for me than Peg, but we’re putting a house up a few miles from here for some newlyweds, and we sure could use some young men. We’ve got most of it done, but having shoulders like yours—” He nodded at Dean. “That’d be heaven-sent.”
"Everyone's a little terrible, Sam."
Yann shrugged. “I guess you could call them that. So I thought, maybe this is one of those good things, you know? It's all over the place, why couldn't it happen to something like me?”
“Come on,” Dean said, interrupting Cas’ listening. Cas turned his head to him, but found Dean had stood and was holding out his hand. He waved it a little and Cas’ eyebrows crawled together.
He said it with such conviction that Dean fell quiet, and let his hands move up to wrap around Cas' body again, pull him in close.
be bad. Just figure out what's going on before it has the chance to turn sour.”
Water to shore. Coming together and together and together, and the coil in the bottom of his spine twisting tighter still and no resistance, no wall between them, only space filled and space made and the divine union between them.
Cas said nothing. He didn’t turn to look at him, but his hands found Dean’s where they curled against his stomach.
“Let me,” Cas murmured. He slipped off his seat and down onto the tile with Dean, knelt there naked with him, and picked up one of the other towels from the floor. Gently he scrubbed at Dean's face, catching droplets from his hair, dewy brightness from his lashes.
There was the soft sound of the mattress and Cas’ bare feet padding across the floor. He paused, crouched down, knees on the cool floor, and touched Dean’s knee.
But this was definitely better than standing and talking to people and taking money and pretending she cared anymore.
Cas asked Sam about the history of the town to fill the silence, leaning over the front seat with his chin resting on the leather.
Sam laughed nervously. “Is this – is this a date? Now?” he said, over the laughter of some boys going by.
“Dean.” Cas’ flat voice floated softly from somewhere beside him. A hand flopped out to swat blindly at Dean’s back, attempting to get his attention. “You have to sleep.”
“Haven't we worried enough? What else is there to worry about?”
“I'm gonna be sick,” he said, feeling Cas' arm heavy around his shoulders. Sam glanced back over the seat, and Dean weakly smacked the leather separating them, barking “I'm serious, Sam, I'm gonna be sick—”
He wasn't in love with her. She wasn't in love with him. That was impossible and stupid, so why,
“Call it?” Dean said, finger on the trigger of the gas pump, looking across the street to the motel. “I mean, everyone is telling us to get into the backwoods, and this is about as backwoods as I’ve ever seen.”
"That's..." He started and stopped, closed his eyes, knocked his head against the metal pole. "That's not the only reason I called."
“I love this part of you,” he murmured, nosing at the jutting bones. He loved all of him – but these places especially. These nooks and secret places, the swell and rise of joints, the curved architecture of his pelvis, the nip of his waist, the firm muscle of his legs, pretty cock tight against his stomach.
“Miracles?” Castiel asked, softly, from the couch.
His mouth opened and closed rapidly, and they watched the tears brim and spill down his face all at once. He didn’t manage to say anything for a long time, and when he did, it was proceeded by a laugh from somewhere deep, deep within him.
“There is more,” Kami said resolutely, reaching into the folds of his robes to withdraw a few strings of white hemp.
“Come out of the road,” Castiel said, quietly.
A silence followed, not only in the room, but outside – or in Dean’s head – or wherever it was the kingfishers hid their songs. Dean’s hand slid up Cas’ back in the beat of precious quiet and Cas shifted his mouth again, aligning them better, and there was something so practical about it, the little brush of Cas’ chin against his skin, the slight correction, that Dean couldn’t keep the laugh from drifting out of him.
“Plenty of grand old things to see, still,” she said, pulling down the sleeves of her sweater despite the gentle warmth of the late summer morning. “I'm sure I can point you all in the right direction. But none of that right now.” She closed the pantry and shook her finger at him, the bony gnarled thing, with humor, as if a light had sprung into her old body. “You children take it easy today. Catch your breath, shake the road out of your bones. And you can take the path down the ridge when the fog lifts and be on your way to wherever the river wants you next.”
“What’s there to say? Sometimes that’s all it is. Just a miracle.” She said it as if it were an everyday, thing, miracles; she shrugged her shoulders and leaned back in her seat, toying with the thin chain of the necklace she was wearing. “People try to explain things and sure, that’s alright, but that’s not the important part. The important part is that my family was low, dirt poor. And somebody gave us a way to make a living.”
“You want anything?” he asked her as she came to another stop, looking around for a place to sit.
Dimly Dean was aware that they hadn't rehearsed this. In fact he had no earthly idea what the vows were even meant to be, until he was saying them, until he was pulling them up from the Hymnal's pages where they lay in his mind, in the latent spaces of his memory, until he was speaking them in tandem with Castiel. Suddenly, and perfectly.
He hesitated. He hit the call button and brought the phone to his ear before he could chicken out, tossing the half eaten Snickers into the garbage can next to the vending machine.
“Er—we're on online publication,” Sam said, smoothly slipping back under the pre-prepared lie. “We just wanted to, you know. Spread the story around a little more, reach a wider audience.”
There was the greasy smell of cheap hamburger sizzling and she laughed.
"I couldn't sleep," he said, by way of apology.
"No. We don't hunt people. Although—sometimes we
“It's not the only reason I called.”
Or—this one's nearby.
“Okay, yeah, and since when is any crap we come across ever
“I can’t,” he mumbled. His big hands squeezed just a little at her sides.
Cas shrugged. “I thought I'd walk down to the river. See it properly.”
“Everything will be well,” said Matsu Kami, with definitive authority, as if he were sure of nothing more in the world. “Everything will be well in the end.”
Sam wiped a tear from his own face.
“Now,” Cas whispered, and Dean could see the shine behind his eyes.
There were tears hovering on Castiel's eyelids, crystalline against the blue of his gaze, and they trembled and fell when he opened his mouth to pull in a breath.
He had never seen someone cry like that before.
The room swelled with the apologies. The bedspread and the carpet, the drapes absorbed them, sucked them in, the loose syllables catching in the threads, sinking down into the fabric, muffled.
"Sam, if my mama hears me talkin' about that she'll kill me," she whispered.
But Lily had turned down Travis Gissler for the third time that spring.
He didn’t feel anything at first; it was as sweet as it smelled, and flowery. It slid down his throat and into his stomach, pooling in a comfortable heat in his chest. Seconds passed. He sneezed, out of nowhere, and then, as if a flip had been switched, he felt something tingle in the tips of his fingers. Sudden excitement. Excitement or happiness, or something like that – something pleasantly bubbling under his skin, making him feel awake and alert.
At some point the driver had abandoned the wheel and now they were getting off in the back seat and
He hummed in agreement and thanked the coroner for his time, walking quickly out of the morgue and into the adjacent hallway. He leaned against the wall and rubbed his face tiredly, wincing and rubbing the bruise on his neck.
Dean didn't know how it had started. Waking up in the inky dark that had purred around him, taunting the hardness between his legs, the leftovers of circulation and some snatch of a wet dream. The same stiff heat at his hip, and Castiel had rolled over, had groaned in sleepy frustration, and then they were facing each other, and then Dean was kissing him, was kissing him too hard for just waking up, and the shudder had torn through him again, pushing up his throat, wanting
“You have no idea,” he breathed, and she kept staring. Sam shifted, watching her pretty hands play with his press badge, lacquered nails tapping against the plastic. She looked at him like she, too, was searching for something.
Cas was mulling something over as he stared, his expression as earnest as it always was when he saw straight through Dean. Dean shifted uncomfortably, trapped under his eyes.
“No,” Corinthian said, hastily, holding up a hand. “No—that is, I didn't have it for long.”
“You! Put that back!” Cas yelled, ignoring Dean's groan of embarrassment.
Morning came, as Dean had predicted—cold and high.
” Cas' fingers tightened on the lantern's hasp, eyes wide with it, incredible with it.
He looked at the back of her head, the coil of her snow-white hair held with a real tortoiseshell clasp and mother-of-pearl inlays, and the pressed collar of her dress. She probably hadn’t gone a day in her life without getting dressed, without putting on the little flat shoes she wore, without dabbing the violet water behind her ears.
Cas peered around him, glancing at the headline. “Well, regardless of the cause, they seem pleased about it,” he said. “‘
After a few hours the mud revealed nothing else—anything else of her that survived had either been washed away or dissolved to nothing by the years and the water, and all that remained of her was jumbled like a fallen Jenga tower on the riverbank.
Furthermore, it was deserted. They had arrived before any kind of predictable lunch rush and the sound of them opening the doors seemed obtrusive to the surrounding quiet. Dean stepped up onto the curb without waiting, making his way towards the doors, and Sam sighed something about how they were wasting daylight. They could have been searching the river-walk by now, or seeing if there were any artifacts of Amos Porter’s river boat left behind, or interviewing a historian at the museum for information on the enigmatic preacher, or doing
“Sure,” Dean said, and she smiled brightly with relief that things were going well. Dean wondered if she was new, working here.
Well. He'd never quite made it that far.
Dean made an unimpressed face, watching Sam cut across the flocks of people. Cas took the opportunity to reach up and brush an eyelash off of Dean’s cheek; the hunter jolted and then tilted his head in confusion. Cas smiled and, in a moment of uncertain bravery, playfully raked the hair up over Dean’s forehead.
“The sooner we sleep the earlier our start tomorrow, right?” Cas said, and Dean rolled his shoulders and adjusted his arm where it rested out the window, the earthy smell of the river drifting in.
He groaned softly and rubbed his forehead. Even with all the muddy mess that had been swirling around them for what felt like ages, Lily Francis had hovered in the back of his head. He wanted to stop thinking about her, really. It was ridiculous. He’d met her one time. A freak chance, and she’d been – well, she’d been drop dead gorgeous for one thing. That alone was enough to justify his constant replay of every moment they’d spent together, but there was something else. Something deeper than that.
“Um,” Sam said, in a detached way, and she clucked in disapproval. She set the box on the counter and teetered across the webbed tile, grabbed Sam’s arm and then Cas’, and pushed them towards the table.
White.
They migrated to the food first, under Dean’s unspoken insistence, and sat quietly, eating, each staring around respectively. Sam broke off a bit of the breadstick the church hospitality had given him and mopped up the sauce with it, staring at the couples and families that were streaming in the front doors. They wore boots and dancing shoes, and many, like Sugar and Nate, were dolled up for the occasion. Girls wandered by, catching his eyes and then looking at each other, giggling into their hands.
"How did you get it?" Sam interrupted. "The book."
The lazy conversation fell away and the river lapped at the banks of the slope, far far below the house on the ridge, and they slept so close and tangled that in their dreams they could not tell their bodies apart from one another.
When Sam leaned into the open doorway of the room where Cas was dressing, in the thin quiet white light of foggy morning, the fallen angel was struggling with the back clasp of the suspenders he'd been given, his back turned.
“No,” she said. “I guess I don’t.”
Sam paused; his eyes flickered up to the edge of Castiel's jaw in the light.
It had been like hands. Hands climbing down his throat, hands searching and prodding at his insides, at the gory parts of him; hands with insistent fingers, digging around, searching for something. The old man’s voice had entered his head like something out of a dream, parting through his thoughts, through the curtain of pain searing through him, cleaving his mind in half.
They slept hard, rolling out of bed far later than any of them had thought they would. It was after a late breakfast and a half-hearted perusal of the local newspaper that they finally found themselves parking in the small lot at the base of the grove. The trees were down at the farthest end, a streak of pale rose against the horizon.
,” Castiel said. “
“I know—I know we only just met, really...but I’m not going to forget you,” he said, and she laughed, laughed at how much that sounded like a fairytale thing to say—but the sound quickly fell quiet. He knew, in the way that he'd suspected all night, that she wanted him to kiss her. Her breath brushed across his mouth, her own fingers rucking the fabric of his shirt.
They stood there on the bank, eyes scanning the water that ran under the bridge.
Dean sighed and rubbed the back of his neck.
“Heck of a thing they’re after,” Nate finished, halving the toast and putting it on the plate with the egg, rubbing the crumbs off of his long fingers. “This ready to go to the table?”
“Cas.”
“Take it easy, honey, I was just teasing.”
She’d say yes, but only if he took her to Jackson.
“I'm worried about—me.”
They were still, staring at each other, as if they were unsure of where to start, until Dean’s hand drifted forward and fitted into the dip of Cas’ hip, and Cas smiled.
“Anything is useful if it'll let us figure out what's going on.”
monster. There's lots of stuff out there about my kind of thing.”
“This girl that I met – that
“—What are you doing in this town?” he said, surprising himself with his own boldness, and her mouth fell open a fraction.
“Yes,” he replied in a calm, clear voice.
Dean followed the path of his gaze. “Is that our problem?”
“Well—if—if you really want us to, I guess—yeah. Sure. Okay. Bye—yeah, bye.”
Sam looked at his brother, face bemused.
“Sammy.”
“If we keep going we’ll just be in stop-and-go till we can get back on 79,” Dean sighed, looking at the endless lines of now displaced cars. “I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to go thirty-five for four hours.”
“Must be a big wedding coming up,” Cas said, an attempt to joke, but Sugar stilled and her shoulders relaxed.
Nate Byrne’s violin floated back through the air, sweet, trembling largo, and Castiel found Dean’s hand. They abandoned the gifts on a table, grateful but unconcerned. The tightness of their clothes was bordering on the unbearable, everything pressing in, not open enough, not naked enough.
Strange hunger and strange kids. The strange weight of Castiel's arm on his shoulders. What had she said about weight?
“Your colleagues seem pretty busy,” she said, without taking her eyes off his face, in the same tone of boredom. Sam glanced over his shoulder. Sure enough, as he'd feared, Dean and Cas were wandering away from them, pulled by some unknown force, arm in arm, into the rows of peach trees, looking as if they hadn't a care in the world.
paranormal we could get our teeth into?”
He stumbled on that but did not choke upon it. Rather held it like something crystalline in the tight palms of his hands. Worshiped it.
“The good ol’ man in black,” Dean drawled, looking for a motel off the highway. There were a million to pick from, much to his delight.
them. They looked more like kicked puppies than grown men.
He could text her. Unless she didn't have a texting plan. Who didn't, these days, he thought, but then you never knew. His luck certainly wouldn't run that way.
“Uh, yes, actually. I’ve been stuffed in this car for nearly six hours and I’d like a bed to stretch out on,” Sam answered, tone disenchanted at the prospect of walking anywhere.
Dean craved relief. The need swelled up in his head, occupying every thought.
He smiled, ducked his head, sheltered the joy unfolding in his chest, holding it close, afraid he might lose it if he let it go.
“I don't know,” the reaper said. “I'll swear on whatever god you like. Once it left my hands I never heard of it again.”
“I honestly can't tell if this is a bad idea or not,” Dean said, peering at the address in the text draft on his phone. “We're total strangers.”
“Well. Yours was a road. Not much different from a river, really.”
Leave. He supposed that they would, eventually, but the thought had never confronted him till now. They’d leave here.
“Rosa!” Tomas called, over his shoulder, and without another word of explanation wheeled around and darted back into the kitchen. Dean could hear the sounds of raised voices in Spanish and English, plates and dishes clattering, and edged back into the corner of the booth, trying to ignore Sam and Castiel's bewildered stares.
"Chicago?" Dean muttered to the silent shed. "What the hell is this doing in Missouri if he was in Chicago?"
“She only...she only stayed to show me the catfish...tell us we're too valuable to break apart. We can't break apart, Dean.”
“Is that all?” Corinthian asked.
"Bad things,” she said, after a minute. “You hunt bad things...then why did you ask about Riverlanders?"
“Guess we’ll have to look around. See if there are any of those carvings over the doors like that one at the Lawrences',” Dean sighed, tapping the last of the gasoline out into the tank, closing it up and tucking the pump back onto its rack.
“It meets up with the main road up front,” she said absently, the truck bumping along. She reached over and fiddled with the radio, pushing a tape into the deck and cranking the volume. “Folsom Prison Blues” filled the cab, and she drummed her hands on the steering wheel, pulling past the house and towards the big gates of the property.
“This afternoon,” Cas murmured, kissing him again. “I’ll be the one saying my vows down by the river.”
On the pattering street noisy with murmuring women and the click of high heels, the occasional dry rush of a car passing by, it seemed the entire universe went silent for a blinking instant at the drop of that word—
“Lily,” Cas said, remembering. Lily Francis. His memory fished up the image of Sam stooping to kiss her, the way her hand had trailed against his face as if it were yesterday. How long had it been, really? Weeks.
As they packed up to leave the lovely house on the ridge she insisted on making lunch for them to take on the road, and presented them at the door, shouldering their bags and shifting on their feet, with sandwiches in plastic bags, and a brilliant smile to send them on their way.
The two of them.
“Sam, right?” she said bluntly, and Sam nodded.
“So – Amos Porter’s book…did he write it himself?” Cas asked. It was becoming harder and harder to discern where the authority lay. Was it the book or these anecdotal lessons, these traditions, these diverse interpretations, that were telling them what they needed to know? Where did the miracles spring from—were they miracles at all?
"But why? I mean, okay, well, like—” Once again Sam found himself in the awkward position of discussing his brother's sex life, but he couldn't find it in him to be bothered. He hated seeing Cas at odds with Dean, hated seeing Dean at odds with anyone Sam cared about. “It isn't anatomical, is it?"
“Obviously,” Sam marveled, looking around in awe. It was so strange – sort of ridiculous, actually – to see small human accoutrements among the destruction. A stack of paperback novels on the mantle, a hooded jacket on a peg over on the far wall, newspapers scattered on the table and a fork standing in an empty can of Chef Boyardee ravioli on one of the counters.
“I don’t know, Sammy, alright? This is some bad mojo. I don’t have a good feeling about it. I haven't felt good about it since it
“Dunno right now,” she drawled. “If you find Peggy, his wife, she’d probably know.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, in a breathless whisper. “Yeah.”
Dean pointed out that the sign inside said to seat themselves when his two companions reached the door. They bundled into a booth, as usual, Sam sitting in the middle of his side, studying his brother closely. Dean didn’t seem particularly disturbed or upset. He merely seemed impatient and hungry, unrolling the paper napkin of silverware beside him and tapping it on the table.
“Tell me something I don’t know,” she said, laughing, shrugging. “You should see my sisters – they’re all better than me.”
“You know he toured with Johnny Cash. Like – all those talented people knew each other.”
Dean took his hands and planted one on his arm and held the other out, stepping sideways in time with the music.
matter!” Sam protested. “He’s not a monster right now, and we don’t kill things that aren’t monsters!”
“And if it's—Death.” Dean rubbed at his own mouth. “If it's Death—that
was, I guess. Though I ain't one for the grandiose. I kept thinkin', when it got a little much, that without me y'all might not see this to the end, and you have to know—”
Cas took a breath.
They looked at each other, then, in the quiet and the absence of kingfisher chatter, and Dean tilted his face up, as if to kiss him, before Sugar's voice from downstairs called up to them, some twitter about the dance.
“Just you?”
It is important to recognize, in the case of such a journey, that sometimes it is not about
He could picture it.
The evening had become a pleasant, hazy blur in the past few hours—they had ordered dinner from a barbecue tent and sat at picnic tables with checkered plastic cloths to eat, not talking much, taking in the cooling summer night air, the people milling about; from where they sat they could hear the dull throb of the music, and saw couples dancing aimlessly beside the band tent.
“Same general spot as where Megan Sohre saw her. Maybe she's around here?”
"I don't know anything else. That's my whole life, and if I leave it, how do I know that I'm going to find what I'm looking for? I won't, Sam, because I already found it, and—"
"Do you think it has the location of Porter's book in there?"
The voice broke the quiet, familiar and wheezing, and Dean and Cas turned in tandem to see a flushed Yann Olsson tripping towards them. He was wearing a sports coat that was easily two sizes too big for him, and he kept pausing to push the sleeves up as he walked to them, eyes wide in his white face
“She could have checked the attitude.”
"Well, who are these, Sheriff?" he said, tucking a handkerchief into the pocket of his shirt,
He was lost in vague and absent thought when he became aware that he wasn't alone on the plastic park bench, and when he turned his head it was to see that he had been joined by a man who looked so old as to be almost made of paper skin and bones, dressed all in black, and dark hair severe against his scalp.
"Look, just trust me. I haven't had much luck with people I love. They get hurt because of me. Bad things happen to them, I let them down. It's better that you find someone else."
A few crammed their hands into the machine, pulling out bottles and shoving them under their arms, but most of them ran immediately, loping down the street, looking back every few yards to see Castiel’s angry face glaring at them. The angel was livid, standing beside the whirring machine and shaking his head as they galloped away, shrieking and whooping.
,” Sam stressed. “Not ending.”
"You looked comfortable out there," Cas said quietly, once the image had faded from his mind.
“What?”
“Both sides of the veil wakin' up, getting ready for the day,” she continued, leaning her old bones against the countertop. “When very old things get set in motion, when the river pulls up its bottom and turns itself over, people notice, you see. People like those boys, creatures like you.”
Mattie gave them full and enthusiastic permission to explore as much as they liked. Her house was enormous, and Sam quickly lost himself in the room with bookshelves all along the walls, the two wide windows looking out into the side yard, all blanked out by the fog. When Cas wandered past the open oaken door he saw him sitting in the huge winged armchair, a stack of old books on the side table at his wrist, lost in what looked like an ancient copy of
“You're shaking—”
Yann quickly began using his own hand to apply pressure, a deep scarlet blush rising up his neck and his face, his eyes huge.
Castiel brought his knees up, two mountains under the cover, palming his forehead.
He wasn't used to talking about strange things like this, like their odd unsteady affection, without feeling strange himself.
There was a commotion, and a dog barked, running around the corner at the end row of buildings on the opposite side of the road. It yapped and danced and panted, and was soon followed by a clamor of kids – young boys with baseball bats slung over their shoulders and gloves dangling from their hips.
"Please eat," Helena said, once she was satisfied with Yann's food. The boys picked up their forks and the table descended into a comfortable quiet, everyone consumed with eating, the silence interrupted only by the soft clanks and tings of cutlery against porcelain.
“Woah, woah, woah,” Sam said. “What are you saying? Do you—do you
“I know, Sam, I know.” The subject of that situation was a sharp bite against Dean's tongue. He wanted it out of his head.
Dean glared out the window for a few moments longer. He couldn't see them, but he could hear them, their chattering rattling against the window glass, a harsh echo from outside, as if a whole group of them had congregated outside the motel to obnoxiously serenade them.
“Not—not you. Not you in particular. But I knew you guys existed, you hunters. And I always did my best to stay away from you, from them. From everybody. I don't want to
"And you three—are not just any three white boys. You're the Winchester brothers." She flicked her eyes between them. "And that holy star, Castiel."
to chase, at least.”
Cas went to the front desk and bought a few bags of tea, and brought them back for Yann. The four of them sat in awkward silence while the coffeepot boiled water until Cas brought the mug to the dinette and placed it in Yann's shivering hands, and sat down opposite him, next to Dean, and quietly said, “Tell us everything.”
Dean’s mouth wrenched open and a sound broke out of him, erupting from some deep place. A hoarse sound, like a broken cry of pain—tears began to pour from of his eyes and slip down his face in torrents, falling over his chin and into the creases of his nose and down his neck.
He registered that he was grinning stupidly and tried to stop, but he couldn’t.
The light in one of the windows flickered– someone had moved inside the house.
“Haven't worked it in a few decades.”
“Well, yeah.” Sam unfolded his legs and carefully popped open his styrofoam box, plucking the slick plastic fork from the frankly disappointing salad inside. “If this book was really such a big deal on both sides of the veil, maybe something paranormal got wind of it, you know?”
“Well, Tessa—”
“I thought so.”
"Before," Sam repeated, digging in his pile for the headline. He scrolled his finger down the page, eyes darting over the fine print. "Wait, here—ex-fiancee, Airforce Pilot Jeremy Rolands...says he was extremely sorry to see her die. They broke up because they'd been having altercations, but it won't say over what, which probably means that they censored it—which
“I think it's someone else's turn to tell a big story,” said the prophet; and he stood, getting unsteadily to his crooked feet, and the pocket full of stones knocked against his hip.
“I like being tired with you,” Dean murmured, and Cas peeked out. “Does that make sense?”
They saw all this in the yellow light of a teetering lamp on one of the nightstands – Castiel had fought with the switch, the pin jammed; he had to press his thumb down hard and the bulb flickered to life, stuttering momentarily. The golden light spilled over the bureau and the towering walnut armoire, casting over the tan carpet and the sheets with little mauve flowers on them. They stacked their clothes in messy rectangles on one of the chairs and Cas pulled the quilt down and slid into the bed, the frame squeaking in surprise at his weight.
“There was a riverboat crash,” Cas said. “In the 1800s.
The last thing he thought before he plunged blindly in after Cas was
“I know, I know, God—”
He nodded.
No one spoke much in the car. Cas, as always, leaned forward in the back seat with his chin on the leather between the brothers' heads, and watched the road; Sam looked dazedly out the window, lost in his own thoughts.
