"It's safe, sweetheart. If she does anything to harm you or the pup she knows what will happen," he said.
He backed into the corner of the room, letting himself settle for the moment. At his feet was a message.
Steve took the list from his pocket, so Jarvis could see it. “Jarvis, can your order these in Piper’s size.”
Plot Fact
"Good morning." The alpha had made breakfast. Steve took a seat next to him. Tony had made his favorite blueberry pancakes.
“I beg to differ especially after all that sugar.” Tony gave Piper her SpongeBob toothbrush, and she dutifully brushed her teeth.
Steve laughed not knowing how else to deal with the powerful cocktail of emotions. He was going to savor the moment.
Part of Steve wanted to leave New York, but he couldn't. It was where they last had Piper. Leaving the city would be like leaving her; he couldn't do that again. There needed to be a reason to give him permission.
“Jarvis put Downton Abbey.” While on bed rest he’d binged the first season of the show.
"That way I could say I had someone waiting for me at home. They didn't need to know George was a fish. Did you have any pets?” said Steve.
"Uneventful."
“Yes, I’ll have a cheeseburger with everything on it and a strawberry milkshake,” said Steve. He was tempted to order double that he didn’t want to have Clint pay for all that.
“What’s this Winter?” she said dangling the toy.
“You’re leaving.”
“Another airhead model,” she said, rolling her eyes.
“He’s clear and honestly wants to help the kids,” said Natasha.
“How are you feeling?” asked Tony.
"Two hundred people isn't bad," said Tony. Most of his parties were at least a few hundred.
“We’ll be there for her every step of the way,” said Tony. He hoped that was enough to repair the damage inflicted. They were young; they could bounce back.
The surgical assistant quickly undid the straps. Tony sat near Steve’s head. He ran his fingers over Steve’s neck. He wouldn’t leave him. The omega’s eyes snapped opened soon the first incision was made.
"Then what's this?" said Tony.
“I have to go, sweetheart,” he said. Tony risked getting closer. Steve rested his head on his lap. He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, lulling him back into a near sleeping state. Tony carefully rested Steve’s head on a pillow.
“A bear?” Tony.
“I’ll give S.H.I.E.L.D. this they are masterful at covering things up,” he said.
Tony went to the studio, carefully pushing open the door. Steve was curled up on the love seat. It always amazed him how small Steve could make himself. Tony joined him. Steve cuddled close to him. It was only nine but it looked like they were going to spend the rest of the night like this.
“We have a mile hike to their base”, said Natasha.
"No, not safe!" said Steve, tried escaping from the bed.
“I found something I wasn’t meant to,” said Steve.
“You’re not the person who called me after all,” she said.
"I know you're hungry, be patient."
“I thought you made one,” said Steve.
Piper nodded.
Steve brought her back to her bedroom, setting her in bed.
Steve relaxed. He entwined their fingers."Have you been here before?"
“Thanks, tell me something I don’t know,” said Tony.
"What powers did I have during the fight?" She needed to know if anything else had changed, since the last time she’d blacked out.
“Director Fury, you’ll have to take service elevator,” said Jarvis.
“I’m not going to ask what that was, but are you better now?” asked Tony.
“I’ll make sure they know that.”
“He’s with the man of iron,” said Thor.
In his hand was a debriefing packet. Steve sighed. At least, he’d had a few minutes of normal with Tony.
“YOU IDIOT WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL ME?!”
“What excuse did you give the school?” asked Maria.
“I will mistakes, Piper. God, I'll make mistakes, but I promise I’ll always be there when you really need me."
Winter’s eyes opened when breakfast was pushed through the slot in the door. He placed the trays on the bed.
Tony grunted as his mate threw him over his shoulder again. "This again?"
"Hopefully, by then she has better control," said Steve.
"And you're smiling about this because?"
“Mount Sinai Beth Israel Hospital,” replied Jarvis.
"Yes, sir."
“Will she only listen to your commands?”
Steve picked up a menu. Everything looked good.
"Since there's such a large gap between you two academically, so you'll only share one class, art."
“Bedroom,” said Tony.
*****
“Go ahead, kiddo,” said Tony.
They made it to the New York S.H.I.E.L.D facility. They decided to keep the pups together, believing it would help them better deal with shock. A thin curtain divided the room with a twin size bed on either side of the curtain.
"I know," said Steve.
“Steve."  All Steve managed was a whimper. "Open your eyes."
“Still doesn’t change that fact.”
“Like that West World? That’s the thing about smart guys we always cover our ass.”
"It wasn't supposed to happen like this," he said.
*****
“Pepper.P
“I have to make a call,” said Steve.
“Hasn’t Winter taught you to always be aware of your surroundings? It was your responsibility to be aware,” said Lena.
“Fine,” said Jarvis.
There would be some kind of condition for the privilege of learning engineering. but Piper didn’t want to linger on thought. Everything here came with some kind of cost or condition. Sometimes it was clear, other times not so much. Most times, she learned the hard way.
“Never thought I was. I was calling her about something else."
"I know you aren't feeling well but Piper is hungry."
“If you found the right person would you accept?” asked Steve.
“It seems to run on some form of electricity,” he said.
“What are you smiling at?” asked Steve, with a dangerous glare.
“If you don’t want all the fuss. We can go to Vegas and get hitched,” said Tony. Steve glared at him. “So that’s no."
He slowly closed the door. The pup’s expression pleading for him to stay.
He easily read the tension in the alpha’s form. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders, nuzzling against his neck. Tony moaned as Steve rubbed his shoulders. The sound made him shiver.
“But…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Seconds the key elements of the information appeared in front of him.
Steve smiled softly up at him.
“No.”
“Rune, Piper will know I’m here shortly. There no need to report to her.”
"Ready to meet Papa, Piper?"
Piper went to Rune's easel. The page was still empty. There was something sad about that. Piper had watched him out of the corner of her eye, and she realized, Rune didn't know how to handle even small freedom. Lena shut the sketchbook.
The pup spent the rest of the day, reading quietly and talking to herself. Even when the lights went off she kept reading. Her super soldier abilities allowed her to read the text even in the darkness of their cell.
Steve nervously clenched and unclenched the sheets, unable to meet his mate’s gaze. Tony closed the space between, leaving only mere inches keeping them apart.
"I don't know why you put up this."
“Me too.”
“What?”
"I'll call you when I'm done." The alpha's understanding only gave him cause to feel more guilty. "And Tony."
“What’s this?” asked Antoine.
“Let me see her,” said Steve.
"And what was your great idea? Oh yeah, blowing up New York City with a nuclear bomb."
“Is something wrong?” asked Tony.
Barny and Papa went inside.
“Give them back.”
“We were.”
Steve moved closer to her.
He glanced at Tony.
Steve became lost in the alpha's touch. The alpha’s callused hands slid underneath his shirt, stroking his skin. Steve gasped as Tony thumbed over his nipple. Those soft lips traveled down. A shaky sigh left him as Tony sucked and nibbled his neck. The touch was further intensified as the alpha’s sharpened teeth scratch pleasantly against his skin. Steve pulled away before it could go any further.
“Yes.”
Steve was taken aback by the straightforwardness. Tony wasn’t fighting to keep him. No, there has to be more. Tony wouldn’t have been so desperate last night if that were true.
George was surprised by the sudden interaction but ignored her and continued to doodle. He was unaware of Rune observing them from the playground. The young alpha seemed to be waiting for a signal to act if needed. Odd generally, in abuse cases, the alpha child makes the first moves, and the omega pup follows. But the dynamics seemed to have switched.
*****
*****
“You have the job, but I can honestly say I pity you,” said Tony.
The disembodied sound of Jarvis’s voice seemed to only scare the omega. He took the blankets from the couch and slowly approached. Tony tried making himself seem smaller.
“Always a way out. You know you may not be a threat but you better stop pretending to be a hero,” said Steve.
“More Tony,” he begged between panted breaths.
They made their grand entrance the guests went into a cheer. Tony and Steve went to the dance floor. At Last, started playing. The two started swaying together. Everything one else faded away as they danced. At the moment no one else mattered. Only slowly pulling away from each other once the song ended. Tony and Steve took their seats at the head table. Lunch was served. Rhodes stood up clinking his glasses. Tony sent him a warning glare.
“I’m thrilled that you’re thinking of our future and I want to have that conversation, but now isn’t the time. I agreed to go,” said Steve.
“No."
"What do you want?"
"Yes, if it isn't too much trouble," said Thor.
Jarvis pulled up the footage from the front door. From a box, Tony pulled out a goldfish in a bag. For the goldfish's sake, he would let the alpha in. He opened the front door. Steve took the box from Tony. Steve silently readied the small fish tank, ignoring the alpha. Once the fish was settled, he turned his attention to his mate.
“Yes, I’ll schedule that.”
“Winter?”
“Answer Winter.”
He placed his phone in the wine fridge. But his curiosity was peaked. "Jarvis pull information on, Aldrich Killian."
“We’ll have, Jarvis report if anything is amiss,” Tony.
“Thanks,” said Bruce.
*****
“I was angry. So angry.”
Bruce's eyes widened when he saw blue light coursing through Piper's veins. An aura of blue light surged off her body in waves. It was unlike anything he'd seen before.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to sneak up on you,” he said.
Tony's hands move slowly to his back. "Is this okay?"
“Thanks,” she said.
“You like cucumbers last time I checked.”
“What?”
“Your maternity leave is over are you worried about leaving her?”
“What is the meaning of this, Jarvis?” he said.
“I’m trying to fix this thing. I didn’t know you and the master were going to blow the place up.”
Rune raised his head when a new woman entered. She had fiery red hair.
"I want that rabbit out of our drive by the end of the week," said Steve.
“Stark Tower,” he said.
“Really?” said Happy.
“Phew.”
"Then date someone here. I know a certain nurse who'd jump at the chance."
“You’ll only have to dispose of the truly bad people.”
“There a lot of things you don’t know about me, Romanoff.”
She didn't know what to make of them. They smelled like Papa and Daddy, and looked the same as in her memory. She touched Daddy's hand; it felt real. Her touch made him cry. Piper never saw Daddy cry before. She didn’t mean to hurt him. They were
“This place smell so strongly of you I can’t tell,” she said.
“Yes."
"I don't have any choice but to. I can't go back in time."
Tony gave up. They got into the elevator. He smirked.
Rune nodded then fearfully tucked into Hill's shoulder. He shouldn't have answered.
"Shall we start?" said Bruce.
“Fine.”
“Your expression said it all,” said Steve.
“I’ll take it later.”
"Thanks."
He didn't want to be anywhere near an alpha.
“Bath time first,” said Papa.
The sequel will be out soon.
Steve parked in the garage. His parking space was next to Agent Coulson’s. Lola was parked in her space. The car was in perfect shape. Steve pitied the agent who accidentally scratched the car. The poor guy ended up on Coulson’s bad side.
"Everyone trapped here is special. We aren't the only ones. You're the only one I've met near my age."
"Don't be so hard on yourself, Cap. It's new to you," said Clint.
“I’ll take that as a no.”
Matt ran his fingers over the paper thoroughly reading through the offer.
“I don’t think it's bad. But it makes for something interesting. He didn’t treat me like a kid,” said Piper.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where’s Tony?”
He snarled, not even bothering with opening his eyes.
She smiled, returning the hug just a fiercely. "I'm okay, Rune. You can let go."
“Okay.”
“It will stretch to accommodate the largest of alphas,” said Edith.
"It would likely make him more protective than average alpha, but that doesn't seem to be an issue with him."
“You’re more than capable of deciding that,” he said. Piper smirked. He’d seen that same expression on Stark. It meant nothing good, normally it was followed by a massive headache.
“Because you love me, Tony!”
Piper woke up slowly. Her head ached and a muzzle was strapped around her face. When she tried standing her head hit the ceiling of her enclosure. She was shivering uncontrollably. Her limbs had gone numb. Never had she been so cold. She whined.
“They… they would.” Her voice cracking into a muted plea.
Steve’s cries sent the alpha into a full feral mindset. Fear overrode Steve’s common sense, sending him into a feral state. He watched as his alpha fought. Another alpha came close, grasping him by the neck. He yelped. A blue-white light blasted through the rival head. He scrambled under the shelter of a table. The collar constricted painfully around his neck, making it difficult to breathe.
“Don’t bother knocking, sir. Steve is asleep,” said Jarvis.
He rejoined Steve in bed. The omega's arms wrapped firmly around his waist, holding him close. Tony waited for Steve to fall asleep. When the omega was sound asleep, he freed himself from the welcoming embrace. He kissed his omega. There it was again ‘his omega.’ Steve wasn’t his despite what his instincts told him. He wasn’t sure if it was pure instinct that drove this want or something much more profound. Tony shook away thought. Steve’s heat was relatively tame so far. That was most likely caused by fear and stress. It would probably pick up the pace now that he’d gained Steve’s trust. Tony put on a pair of pants. Before leaving, he placed a gentle kiss on Steve’s forehead. He moved to the living room.
He took the pillows from the bed. Steve folded the comforter over himself. He'd prefer a wood floor to plush carpet, but it was better than the bed.
“Under the bed,” he said.
Winter sat in the corner of the room, watching the pup. If she needed help, she'd ask, though she hated it. If she got frustrated enough, she'd eventually speak up. He couldn't say he was particularly fond of asking for assistance, either. Their lesson had gone on too long, but the pup was too involved in her task to notice. Where was the doctor? Something was going on, but what. The woman prided herself punctuality. These the changes bothered him, but when Lena entered the room, Winter scowled.
“So where’s your mom, Carl?” she asked.
"I'm sorry for that, but it's the job you agreed to. You will report whatever information you gather over the span of his pregnancy to me. Steve is right to fear any of the data related to his pregnancy getting out, but we may need the information gathered from it in the future," said Fury.
"What do we do?" asked Steve.
"No, there's someone who really wants to see you."
“Where? You rented out my room,” he said.
Steve chuckled bitterly.
“I can’t do that. She’s a lesser prize, but she’s a prize nonetheless,” he said.
“Of course.”
"How? I want to leave her."
“I’m scared," whispered Steve.
Piper snorted. "Sure, you would have." He looked just as damaged as her.
“Sure.”
*****
Papa was in his 90's. Winter smelled sorta like Papa. Maybe it was possible. Piper clenched her fists. She thought too much or her parents today. It made her heart hurt thinking of them.
“I’m getting you a nesting couch.”
“Yes,” he said.
The order was ignored. His earbud had fallen out. Pepper took out the suit, ripping off its arm and putting it on. She punched Killian aside. Then kicked a weapon’s capsule setting off with a blast from the suit, finishing of Killian.
“I need to call, Edith.”
“Okay.”
“It’s two in the morning. I’ve already alerted your parent that you’re awake,” said Jarvis.
“Iwo Jima February 1945. You didn’t see that front of the war. It’s a famous image,” said Barny.
Winter groaned when the pup threw up against his leg. The scent of Piper’s distress was suffocating. She whimpered. The pup hadn’t changed that much after all. How long would it take her to be unaffected by death? Not feel the guilt. How long did it take for him to be numb toward it? Was it programmed? Or was it something he’d gradually gotten used to?
Steve couldn’t resist. He picked her up. She nuzzled him, purring. He hugged her closer. Earning a happy sigh and louder purrs. He couldn’t stop the tears from tumbling over. Piper looked up at him, wiping them away.
“That doesn’t matter right now.”
“What is it, Piper?”
"No."
“You can’t,” said Natasha.
He slid the t-shirt over Steve’s head. Steve whined, tugging uncomfortably at the shirt’s collar.
The elevator doors opened revealing Agent Coulson.
“I took his money.”
“It's no trouble at all," she said.
“It’s happened before, sir. When Steve had a panic attack."
“Satisfying,” said Steve.
“My hand slip,” he said.
“Paddington and the Lego Movie,” said Piper.
"Mm, I love it when you lose control," said Tony.
“I’m so sorry, Steve. Forgive me.”
“Could you say no?”
Piper fidgeted, uncomfortable. Winter seemed to sense her discomfort and understand. He focused his gaze on the ground. She took off her shirt, shivering when a cold stethoscope pressed against her chest.
“Papa!”
“Jarvis, could you pull up the footage from the garage,” said Steve.
"Shall we get back to it," said Tony.
Winter nodded, and Sir left. Piper was an asset. She was to be protected. Rune too. There were no conflicts of interest. He didn’t know why he felt a sense of relief at that last thought – there were
Tony ignored the image. It may have only been a child’s drawing, but the poorly drawn symbol was enough to frazzle him slightly.
“Check your bag,” said Tony.
“Guys.”
"Piper's actions aren't the only ones that need to be punished."
He looked down.
They got into the back of one of the cars. Chile’s S.H.I.E.L.D base was small, but it could accommodate them. The scientists were more than eager to watch over him. Every hour they took some kind of sample from him. Natasha wandered off with the promise of returning. They’d let him keep his phone. He flipped it nervously in his hand. If he called the alpha Tony would likely overreact. Being shot anywhere even somewhere nonfatal would cause exactly that reaction. Steve bit his lip. He could just say his mission ran over. It wasn't exactly lying, but he didn’t settle right with him. He called.
He could be wrong. It must be because of stress. Steve took a breath. He had to be sure. When got the chance he would get a test. Steve slowly got out of the shower. He changed into some fresh clothes. Steve didn’t return to the guest bedroom. He laid down on the couch. Steve pulled a blanket over himself.
“What if I offered to take him?”
“No, they didn’t.”
The alpha settled against him after what felt like hours. Tony's expression slowly softened as he fell into a deeper sleep.
Steve ran his fingers through the alpha’s hair. He could ask Tony the same thing. He was happy they were brought together. They nuzzled each other.
The pup nudged against his hand. “I promise,” said Tony.
"You would have known that if you hadn't allowed your emotions to take over. Someone with your senses should have realized that."
“Uh, his first name is Agent,” interjected Tony, moving to join his omega.
“You will.”
“I didn’t want to disturb your work,” said Steve.
“What should we do with her clothes?” asked Jeff.
"If anyone deserves a miracle, it's those two after what they did in New York," said Gloria.
“Everything looks fine so far,” she said.
“Every omega has a spot that causes them to do this,” said Tony, running his hand over Steve’s stomach again, causing him to purr loudly.
“I’ve got you. You’re safe.”
Steve sunk onto Tony’s length. His head fell back in a silent scream. He desperately clutched the edges of the tub. The alpha was in the same state of wonder. His hands wrapped firmly around his hips encouraging him to move. Steve gasped as Tony teased his nipples with his teeth. He rode the alpha, growing nearer and nearer to completion. It came when Tony’s teeth sunk into his neck.
The suit of armor took off.
Sex was the last thing on his mind. Tony had to earn that privilege. Steve fell back onto the bed. He was horny. Tony successfully has woken up a sex drive he’d managed to suppress most of his life. He closed eyes for a moment gathering himself. His omega begged him to further reunite with the alpha. But sex wasn't going to mend the emotional rift. Steve returned to Tony settling next to the alpha.
“It’s time to wake up.”
Tony removed the scent soiled bedding from their den area. He checked the perimeter, scanning for any potential threat. Tony searched his home for anything, soft for their nest. He went back and forth between their den and searched until Steve was satisfied. On one journey, an image of his previous omega caught his gaze. He tossed it into the trash. No, need for his omega to feel threatened by her image. He'd made his choice.
They made there way back to the house. He stole care battery and hooked it up to the suit. Two girls were playing ping pong in their bikinis.
"Thank you leave them outside the door."
Tony handed him the tracking bracelet.
*****
Steve grabbed the lamp from the bedside table, throwing it at the speaker in the ceiling.
"It will be here sooner than you know and it's never too early to start teaching self-defense," said Nat.
“Where to, boss?” asked Happy.
Everyone nodded.
*****
“I know you hate it, but we’ll bring things for you do. Maybe those books Uncle Bruce got you. And once I’m done we’ll go get hot chocolate,” said Steve.
Steve's hold on him loosened enough for him to get free. He filled a glass of water leaving on the floor Steve. In the kitchen was Dr. Star she was gentle round-faced omega. He didn't know what he was expecting but it wasn't that. She quickly shook his hand.
“Slightly stressed but otherwise in good health."
"You don't believe that. A monster like you isn't worthy of being the child of Captain America and Ironman. They want the innocent little girl that was stolen from them not you." She strode out from behind her desk, stopping to kneel in front of the little girl.
“No, he’s packing the van,” he said.
"Saturday at six, it will be a two-hour interview live," said Pepper.
*****
“Me, saving your life.”
Her opponent was taller. Size meant nothing. The hair on the back on her neck rose. A heavy static charged the air between them. She shifted lightly on her feet, waiting for him to make the first move.
“I’ll figure out why it malfunctioned. You can put your pants on."
“Winter?”
Steve pointed to a black sportscar. The color drew him to the decision. It was the tamest color-wise. The drive was quiet except for the classic rock playing lowly. They stopped on the airstrip. A private jet was waiting for them. Steve took a seat in a cushy leather seat, while Tony spread out on the couch.
“I was angry.”
“Have you eaten?”
“I thought we were having a moment,” Tony said.
January 27, 2016
“Come on sweetheart,” said Tony.
“And what is that?” asked Barny.
“Steve was injured I had to go,” said Tony.
"Still, it will help him."
Piper gave a bitter laugh, letting Daddy's mistake go. Pointing it out would hurt him. She'd already done enough damage to them today. It being unintentional didn't change that.
“I have to call her back,” he said.
“Sir, I pull some footage of him in Hell’s Kitchen."
“Have you ever had sex outside of heat,” she asked.
He curled up in a ball. Raising his head when heard someone grow near. The scent was familiar but not in a good way.
She pulled them up on a monitor, comparing it to those of Extremis soldiers. Her scans showed no stress of the amygdala, that inflammation which made the Extremis soldier so prone to erratic behavior.
"Make sure he doesn’t drink himself to death. Don’t leave him alone,” said Rhodes.
“When will I see you next?” asked Tony.
“No,” said Steve.
“I don’t want to read,” she said tossing the book aside.
“I don’t like it. Something can happen for some inexplicable reason even though the process made it occur millions of times before without that result without reason. And then there’s your science. It's too cloudy.”
Tony shoulders sagged slightly. "There's a but coming."
“Enough Piper.” Steve collected his frazzled nerves. He shouldn’t be reasoning with her.
Tony put her hat back on, but in a way that allowed him to see her eyes. “Much better. What’s going on in that head of yours?”
Steve’s voice seemed far away. Tony quickly wrapped his arms around the omega. Steve slowly unwound in his embrace. He smiled when Steve nosed against his neck. He slowly pulled away.
"I should be thanking you, Steve. I don't know where he'd be without you in his life. The two of you falling for each other is one the best things to happen to him," said Rhodes.
Natasha was packing up her things. She’d been watching the Zemos for months and they’d done nothing worthy of her suspicion. It was time for her to move on. Fury wanted her skills employed on other matters. But it was difficult to give her full attention to an assignment when her beloved goddaughter was missing.
“I think there’s a gal in HR trying to steal some printer ink. You should stop her.”
Matt sat on the edge of the boxing ring.
“If it’s only that I’ll take your place,” said Steve.
“It’s as if it didn’t happen,” said Steve.
"We've talked about this. Standing up for yourself," said Tony.
“Would you excuse me for a moment?” said Steve.
"Will do."
Winter waited for the pup in their room. He hated it when she was out of range of his care. The pup returned with the doctor. He sent a hateful glare at Lena before focusing on the pup. She was unharmed. Winter waited for Lena to leave before approaching the pup, checking her over for injuries.
“Could be worse. You could be bald.”
“Leave no man behind,” said Steve.
“How long were you there?” asked Steve.
He slowly got to his feet. Tony offered Steve a hand up. Steve took it but used it as an opportunity to catch him in a hug. He ran his hand down Steve’s back. Tony was still processing all that had happened in a short time. All he knew was Steve was his and their relationship managed to survive another fight.
“I can’t say I fully understand what you're going through. I won't lie to you. There's only one person here who can claim that, but I can listen. I will always listen, Piper, even if I don't like what you have to say."
Natasha climbed onto his back and Steve easily made the leap, even with her added weight. She slid off him. It took hours just for them clear the maze. Steve sighed knowing it would take days too clear this out.
“Has he calmed down?”
Breakfast arrived but the pup was still asleep. Winter didn't move from the corner, wishing to not disturb her. She was sucking her thumb and he envied how peacefully the pup rested. He scratched at the collar locked to his neck.
"He's won't like that," said Tony.
“I know.” Tony moved to sit by her on the step. "But to do find him, you need to get yourself healthy.”
“Something size of a poppy seed has the power to keep you about puking all night,” said Tony. It was still small enough for him to joke about. He wouldn’t be able to do that for much longer.
Motorcyclist – is an American motorcycling magazine. Has been published for over 104 years.
“I didn’t.”
Around ten Natasha got ready to leave. Steve walked her to the elevator, Piper asleep in his arms.
“I have no choice but to watch. I’m the surveillance system, among other things,” said Jarvis.
"They were destroyed," said Steve.
“Alpha." Steve pounced on him, nudging against his neck, trying to better scent him. All he could smell was metal. The iron skin had to come off! He tried yanking off. The metal creaked.
“Thank you for having us,” said Steve.
Steve slowly sat up seeming slightly disoriented.
Gary was close to hyperventilating.
Rune groaned. That meant science talk. It all went over his head. Couldn't they do whatever kids usually did? Even though he had no idea what that was.
Tony led him into the jet, setting him down on the couch. Steve cuddled close to him. Those blue eyes closed. His omega nuzzled close to his chest. He wouldn’t be moving for the rest of the flight. Tony yawned. He tightened his hold on the beauty. His eyes closed. He woke as the jet started to descend. Steve didn’t wake even when they land.
“Just a bit tender,” he said.
“Not teasing only curious to what position my partner prefers," said Tony.
“I didn’t think you’d fall so quickly into domestic life,” said Pepper.
Steve brought her to his chest, humming to her as she nursed. He entered a state of relaxation.
“I will be.”
He wasn’t fit to have a pup, yet he'd been blessed with one. Steve’s hand went to his stomach. Even in his chaotic frightened mindset, he was driven to protect the new life growing within him. He barely registered someone entering his room. That was the least of his concerns.
Killian was knocked away by a lamppost. Pepper stood before him. The small glimmer of hope faded as swiftly as it occurred. A suit came jetting toward them, attack ready.
“True again,” he said.
Happy opened the car door for her. She got in. “Thank you."
"Those bruises on his neck and chest weren't from a project going wrong," said Rhodes.
"Don't be; he got what he wanted. He got to be with his family again. The man never planned on surviving. He was happy, that’s all that mattered."
“It’s from the Wizard of Oz,” said Steve.
Winter moved to the center of the sparring mat. Piper stayed at the edge. She’d watched Aunt Nat and Papa spare all the time, and had wanted to learn, but they’d said she was too young.
“What the hell was that?” said the guard.
"She has great tastes," said Clint.
Matt gathered blankets and pillows from the closet setting them on the couch.
Steve smiled as the lights flickered on in the tower. Tony and Pepper had put so much effort into this.
"His manners are fine. Mine, on the other hand, aren't," said Tony, flashing his teeth. A pulse of sound shot from his palm, disorienting, Rumlow. The idiot stumbled out of their room.
"I have to go, Nat. I’ll talk to you later,” he said before hanging up.
“We don’t have to talk about it now, Steve but we do have to talk about it. I don’t want to wait until you’re too far gone to understand,” he said.
He walked to the entrance. While he waited for Tony, he toyed with the phone. He didn’t understand the excess of the smartphone. Steve returned the phone to his pocket when he caught Tony approaching.
"Steve."
"I'll go with you to Georgia," he said.
“It’s just a prototype. I’m kinda the only name in clean energy right now,” said Tony.
Hours later he returned from his run through Central Park. Nothing was out of place in the penthouse. Tony still hadn't emerged.
“Fuck.”
Tony looked at it.
“Five in the morning."
“Don’t care. I need to find him."
Her eyes burned. It was too heavy, she needed to get rid of whatever was coursing through her. She needed it
Piper took his silence as ‘yes.’ “Would you remember me?”
Tony went rigid.
"Why lead her there?" Rumlow demanded.
She was in need of a diaper change. He laid her on her back only for her to roll onto her stomach. It was her most recent accomplishment. Her limbs squirmed desperately trying to move. She whimpered. Her mind was advancing faster than her body. Piper had thrown tantrums when she couldn't move on her own to a toy or something of interest. Steve cuddled her and purred, soothing her. She snuggled against him cooing softly. It would be a few more months until she could purr.
After ten minutes Bruce didn't come up. Steve grabbed a bowl from the counter.
The elevator doors opened. Happy stared at the image before him, not sure how to respond to his former boss draped over Captain America's shoulder.
“A date?” asked Barny.
“I’m sorry for interrupting. From the phone it sounded like you were really enjoying yourself,” she said.
"You had one hell of a growth spurt," said Matt.
“How?” asked Rhodes.
Piper's arms were wound tightly around his neck. Her desperate want for comfort of any kind overrode whatever fears she had of the alpha. She cried into his shoulder. The alpha tensed but didn't move her. Eventually, she let go of him. Piper took notice of how his arm hung limply by his side. It had been functional earlier today. She wiped her nose on her sleeve.
“And how does he plan on getting it out of our driveway?” said Steve.
"If I meet your conditions, I want a guarantee that you'll talk to me and answer my questions," he said.
It was a nice thought. But she didn’t realize how unrealistic that was? Even if they did escape together, no parent would want him near their child. The two of them were forced into this situation and just happened to get along. Winter simply nodded. He wouldn’t take away the pup’s hope. So many things would be taken from her. He couldn’t steal that from her, too. She’d need it.
“What?”
“No more false faces. You said you wanted the Mandarin, well you’re looking right at him. It was always me, Tony, right from the start. I AM THE MANDARIN!”
“I woulda helped you if I knew,” he said.
“Thor, this is umm-
He pressed Steve against the car, locking their lips. Steve relaxed giving into the motion. He pushed his tongue into the omega’s mouth, slowly lapping it against Steve’s. Tony pulled away leaving Steve breathless.
“Planning the next generation of Avengers?” asked Miria.
"There's more than the pregnancy," said Tony.
“I’m an alpha, Steve. I know what I’m talking about,” she said.
Steve did not want to explain the reasoning behind his reaction to his pup. When they got to the penthouse, he changed out of his clothes and into a pair of sweatpants.
Steve shook its control.
"I meant to give you this when you were in a slump. I forgot about it in the chaos."
“How’d it go?” he asked.
“I’m on my way home now. Only checking if you were back,” he said.
“Before I worked for S.H.I.E.L.D. I uh well made a name for myself. I have a very specific skill set. I didn’t care what I used it for or on. I got on S.H.I.E.L.D’s radar in a bad way. Agent Barton was sent to kill me. He made a different call,” she said. Desperation had leached into her steady voice.
“I’m aware of how much time went by. Jarvis rescheduled all my meetings," said Tony.
Piper’s muscles locked suddenly in terror, unable to take her further, her gaze focused on the rising and falling of the alpha's chest. Her pursuers halted a few feet away, refusing to come closer. They were scared. A masked alpha stepped forward, smelling of gunpowder and pepper.
“You don’t what you’re talking about!” said Steve.
“Was being fired enough? What did they offer him?”
He took out a photo of a woman. Her light brown hair was styled in a pixie cut, and her eyes were dark brown. Her face looked so familiar, but she just couldn’t place it.
“Jarvis, you in there?” asked Tony.
Rune’s eyes widened. He grabbed the beta’s arm and shook his head. "It's okay. I'll stay," she said, sitting back down.
“What happens if we don’t?”
“Could you tell me?” asked Natasha.
“Rhodes, he’s finally off assignment. He wants to meet Piper today. Is that alright?”
“Shit, I should have put a tracker on her when I had a chance,” said Tony.
It should be lighter. About two pounds lighter. The weight should be proportional. Piper tested its range of motion. Its purpose was more for strength and durability than flexibility. He pulled away slightly when she tried testing his upper arm range of motion. She instantly stopped.
The new trial of the century was the Punisher. He’d watched the trial and didn’t understand Frank’s sudden break in composure. Castel had been during the duration of the trial until then. The man survived the horrors of war only to lose what was most precious when he returned home. Steve didn’t condone the violence, but he related more than he wanted to admit. If they truly lost Piper, would he be driven to the same point? Ruthless violence for the sake of someone who was already gone. The question didn’t need asking. Deep down, he knew he’d accept the darkness and become something ruthless to avenge her.
"Winter, let me help him. That's why I wasn't scared. He got like that a lot."
“Why was I not informed that three Avengers commandeered two of our jets,” said Pierce.
“Could you look into it for me?" asked Steve.
“Scan him."
Steve nodded again. Barny handed him a large mug of chamomile tea. Steve added a spoonful of sugar and honey. He took a sip of the tea, but quickly put it down when he realized. If Barny took notice of the gesture he didn’t mention it.
Clint woke in a state of confusion as he regained control over his body for the first days. He was in control. For a brief moment, it felt wrong. Natasha sat by his side.
“Thank you, Piper,” said Fury, tucking the photos back into his jacket pocket.
“I’m here." Tony's image appeared before him.
Steve handed her off to Tony. She whined at to coolness of his armor. Tony’s faceplate lifted. He nuzzled his pup, breathing in her scent. Tony kissed her forehead. It was real. Blood coated her hands.
It was unheard of an alpha letting omega mount them. Some alphas weren't even comfortable letting an omega ride them. It gave up to much power.  A sign of submission most wouldn't even joke about. And Tony was willing to give it to him. “Thank you.”
“Anthony, I was joking. I’m sure he’ll say yes. How do you plan on doing it?” said Peggy.
"What's the story that makes you understand what I’ve been through?” she asked.
“How can you not be curious?”
“Why don’t you join me for the night?” she asked.
“What?” She asked, breath still huffing, “No, I’m not.” She really wasn’t. Piper had given it her best try.
“Laugh all you want I pulled it off,” said Tony.
"How are feeling?" asked Tony.
“Yeah.”
The next morning Steve woke up. His abdomen was aching. Where was he? The soothing scent of his alpha made all his questions disappear.
Their gazes locked.
"I'll be there."
"So who's this doctor? Should I be worried?" asked Rune, moving a piece across the board.
Steve allowed her to perform the regular routine.
*****
Ten were in the penthouse. Another ten were making their way to his lab. Unwelcomed alphas had broken into his territory and were threatening his omega! The elevator doors opened. Men dressed in black came rushing in. Bullets deflected off his armor. He shot through the top of the elevator, cutting the cables. Half managed to slide through.
"No, but Theodore sat by Steve in his rocky nest and promised he'd always be there for Steve. As they grew up, they remained side by side. But soon, the time came for Theodore to leave the rocky shore and go to sea. Steve tried to join him but was too weak to swim. So, Steve waited and waited, growing stronger and stronger, hoping his friend would return. Eventually, he went to sea on his own, with his new found strength."
“Tony, I got the president secure," said Rhodes.
Steve spread his legs. That simple action pried at Tony’s self-control. Self-control was never his strongest attribute. This was such a temptation beyond what he was used to. He had to hold it back. If he screwed this up, Steve would never allow him near again. He couldn’t lose a chance to experience this again. Tony pulled away, breaking the kiss. Steve’s lips were slightly kiss-swollen.
“You ripped off Steve’s look,” he said.
It was properly formatted and sourced. It made a convincing argument, but Piper was a handful enough by herself. Adding a dog into the equation would be impossible.
"Should have used the tub," said Steve.
Tony pulled him up. Steve took a breath, grasping the edge of the bed.
“Thanks,” he said.
“Who do you think is coming?” asked Piper.
“Okay.”
"I thought you wished to sleep, sir," said Jarvis.
The door unlocked with a clunk. He'd sworn never come back. But he had to think of the next generation. He pushed open the heavy wooden double doors. The lights flicked on as they entered.
Why?”
“Did I do that?”
"Everyone keeps saying I'm good for him. They forget how good he is for me," said Steve.
“Do you think they’ll find her?” asked Gloria.
“Stark, we need to talk,” said Coulson, through the phone.
"Kate? She's not my type. I don't want to mix my work life and personal life. That's asking for trouble," said Steve
Winter was shackled onto a stretcher and loaded into the helicopter. There was a brief moment of warmth before he was thrown into the cold again. A familiar artificial frost climbed up his body. Winter closed his eyes, giving in to the cold. The frozen sleep granting protection for his newest memories.
There was an explosion from one of Tony’s weapons. Steve shielding Natasha from the rain of sparks. The Chitauri cried angrily from their perches at the display. The Avengers stood together ready to fight. More came flying down from above.
“I’m sorry about that. Kevin has a temper.”
“No one can see, so it doesn’t count.”
"A month maybe," said Steve.
“Smart move.” Lena clicked out of the email. “Ready to go back?” She offered her hand to Piper.
“The Chitauri are coming nothing will change that. What have I to fear?” asked Loki; truly curious to what defense the man could conjure up.
“There’s nothing you can say to change mind.”
Steve took a breath as he stretched after finishing his workout. He headed to the shower, giving Piper a few more minutes of precious sleep. Steve got dressed and crept into her room, only to find the floor littered with Legos and Hot Wheels. It was Piper’s attempt at stopping them from waking her. Steve hated stepping on those damn plastic blocks, so he carefully tiptoed toward her. Stacks of books were piled by her racecar bed and all he could see was messy tufts of hair peeking from under the covers. Her dark brown hair changed color in the past three years, becoming honey brown with golden highlights. It would probably darken, as she got older, as Tony's did.
Steve grabbed his shield. “Will you bring your suit?” he asked.
“I don’t know.” Tony took his hand. “Ready?”
“Sweet dreams, Steve."
“Haven’t you put him through enough?!” said Piper.
“I want to keep you to myself a little while longer,” said Steve, his arms winding around Tony.
“You're safe."
“You’ve been asleep, Cap. For almost seventy years,” he said.
“I’m sure you could, but can you do it without killing him?” said Fury. She glared at him. “He’s been requesting to speak with Captain Rogers.”
“He really grows on you doesn’t he?” said Bruce.
"What time is it?" asked Bruce.
“I won't deny the Ali was a talented boxer."
Clint nodded.
Tony smiled, offering her to him.
“Do I need to get Edith?”
“You didn’t don”t have to ask,” he said.
“I’m sure it will be appealing to someone,” she said.
They spent hours playing hangman and other card games. Finally, it was time to take action. They slowly made their way toward the cave entrance. Steve threw his shield knocking out the guards. He dragged them out of sight. Steve raised his shield as they traveled further through the narrow cave tunnels. Natasha guarded his back. The fight was brief. There was little challenge posed by their opponents.
It was nothing he didn’t already know.
"Hi, Pepper. You want to speak with Tony, sure." He handed his phone over to Tony. "You don't answer she calls me instead. So answer your phone."
Steve did as told and waited for it to be over. He was thankful for the new advances, but it didn’t make things any more comfortable. Thankfully, Edith worked quickly.
Piper went to Theodore’s corner. He didn’t seem bothered by her being this close. She moved his arm, huddling against his side, and wrapped his arm around her. This was the safest place here.
Steve changed into his desert uniform. He paused before putting on his shirt. S.T.R.I.K.E team, especially if Rumlow a member of the assignment, would never let him live it down if he started lactating on assignment. He wrapped his chest before putting on his shirt.
Tony went to the kitchen and started breakfast.
“Fine, Jarvis always gets it right.”
“I’ll give it a try.”
"My grandma was a nurse, and granddad was a soldier."
“Isn’t it a bit early?”
She closed her eyes. He wrapped his sleeping bag around Natasha so she would stay warm. Steve quickly zipped the tent closed behind him. He watched the sunrise. The campsite slowly came to life. The work was slow. Fleur seemed to be doing it intentionally to get back at him.
Happy looked back to see if his boss was serious. Tony nodded. “Museum of Modern Art here we come,” said Happy.
Maria followed Tony to a fantastic space-themed child's bedroom.
“We can push this back,” offered Tony.
Steve lowered himself to the floor. He turned the plastic block over in his hand. Tony took a seat next to him, putting an arm around his shoulder.
“How can she cure something like this?”
There was that smirk. Mechanical arms came out of the floor, unlocking his armor. It has been weeks since they last made love. He ran up the stairs to the master bedroom. Shedding his clothes as he walked to the master bedroom. Steam clouded the glass of the shower. He opened the door. Steam hit his face. Steve stood in the middle of the spray, with his back facing him. His arms moved around Steve’s waist. He ran his fingers over Steve’s stomach. The omega’s core muscles had softened. The beauty turned in his arms. Steve nosed against his neck.
“Steve, we're here."
“Four days then home. We can stay longer if you want,” said Tony.
Maya straightened up. The omega seemed to have broken out of his shock. In his hands was Tony’s helmet.
Scraps of paper fell out. There were about fifty. Steve unfolded one, reading it aloud. “I hate broccoli.”
"If you need anything, tell, Jarvis," said Tony.
“Rumlow.” Winter pulled the pup closer, keeping her out of sight. He bared his teeth.
“That’s not what I want to hear.”
“I had to wait for things to cool down with one over my covers. Didn’t want to get flabby, so Fury gave me a position as an instructor,” said Natasha.
Steve left.
“Not making it easy for your dad are you,”
“That we met during a training exercise at S.H.I.E.L.D,” he said.
The alpha’s command sent a wave of anger through him. This wasn’t his alpha. He had no right to press his command against him. Before he could get to his feet the alpha scruffed him. He went to limp. He whined.
“Let me see her.”
“That would be me."
The omega was asleep next to him.
Steve sat on their bed, turning his phone around his hand. He didn’t want to make this called. Steve didn’t want to know the answer. He wished Rhodes gave him the idea. With a breath, he took out his phone.
It was difficult to keep the speed limit, but that was all part of the cover. Winter wasn’t made to raise any suspicion. An encounter with the local police for any reason could slow the mission. Before taking out the target he wanted to observe him. The asset went to an old alpha pub called The Water Trough.
“I’ll try and call more often."
“Dr. Edith Star, this Happy Hogan. He’ll be your new best friend for the next eight months," he said.
“I’ll try,” said Tony.
Tony carefully got up with Piper in his arms. He went upstairs to the library, setting her down on the couch. Tony pulled a knitted blanket over her, and kissed her on the forehead.
“Raised voice normally means fighting. I don’t like it when you yell at each other,” she whispered.
Steve silently prayed that was true. He couldn’t lose them both. His heart throbbed painfully.
“As long as there’s a chance of you saying yes,” Tony smirked.
“I was going to put a bullet through my head after I found a cure for Pepper. There was no reason to live without you or the pup. It would be that or I’d drown myself in the bottle.”
“What about Rune?” asked Maria.
“Thor is right we’ve got to deal with these guys,” said Tony over the line.
"Where?" whimpered Piper. Who was out there that would want her now? She’d killed ten people. They weren't good people, but they were still people. Someone might be waiting for them. A family, a pup. She threw up still smelling their blood underneath her fingernails.
The same blank expression answered her. She asked a few more question but got the same response.
“You will.”
“Then explain it to me,” the pup said reasonably.
“Perfect,” he said.
“How?” If it was some kind of scientific experiment, Piper would have a better chance of understanding what was going on. What that power was.
“I leave the 22nd. Come back 24th,” said Tony.
"When I probably should have been on meds and addressing my issues, I was wasting away in my lab, letting things get worse. It eroded my mind, made me make foolish mistakes. One of which made a suit attack Papa while he was pregnant with you."
“I’m not sure if I'd be of much use, but if you want me there I’ll be there,” he said. Tony couldn’t help some of the uncertainty from entering his voice. Therapy had never been something he fully trusted in. He didn’t like the idea of giving personal information to a stranger or letting someone poking into his psyche. There was also the fact he hated the lack of certainty in social sciences. Despite that, he would go for Steve. He wouldn’t be doing the talking. “Do you want me to come to this session?”
“Good morning." He forced a smile, hoping it would ease the upcoming awkwardness. He loved spending time with Edith in any setting, but this one. Edith had his trust, and that’s all that mattered.
Tony sighed. He would have to use a command on Steve.
She grabbed him by the man by his ankle.
“Who?” he asked.
Piper quickly took a seat at Bruce's table. He gave her a yellow legal notepad and pen. He only meant to discuss a few general concepts for an hour, at most, but it ended up taking hours. Piper put forward good questions. That deserved good answers. It made him realize how much he missed teaching, but there was also the sad realization that no parent would trust him teaching their children. He noticed he was losing Piper’s attention.
“Sir Laurence Oblivier."
“It worked on the simulations. I’m willing to use it on my mate that should be enough for you, Hill,” said Tony.
"Are you sure?"
Winter strained against the battering falling down on him. Trying so desperately to comply with her pleas, only for his body to fail him. He fought against the constraints of his mind. Tried to will his body to follow his own command, or at least obey the order of another worthy of its control.
“Papa,” she purred, quickly falling back asleep.
“The arc reactor. He wanted to be sure it got to you,” said Wu.
“It’s safe."
The smile greeting him was tired and fake. It failed to mask his mate's stress and anxiety.
Piper nodded.
“That’s perfectly normal, given the circumstances. Anything out of the ordinary you’re concerned with?” she asked.
“You won’t.”
A lot of the times, he didn't feel that way. But at his core, that's what he was.
“It happened in 1980.”
“Hey, Tony,” he said slowly sitting up. Tony cupped his face in his hands.
“Mm, I love it when you get possessive,” purred Tony.
“Anthony may as well be one of my pups. They are both so busy, but they did try their best to be with him. He's so good to me. Pay for most medical expenses and even a nurse. Even built me a custom chairlift. All my friends want one."
“That I was a man who had everything and nothing.”
Steve swatted Tony’s hand. He wouldn't let Tony endanger their pup along with the entire crew by letting the Hulk loose! Maybe he should have told Tony, so he wouldn’t be acting so idiotically.
He examined the collar. Its purpose was to suppress the omega vicious strength.
“Oh, this is only the stealth mode,” said Steve. He turned the knob on his watch and coloration went to its original pattern.
“No,” he said.
*****
"It's only Thor, not a big deal at all," said Rhodes.
“Now it’s perfect,” said Steve.
“He’s not the only one getting close to that time of the month,” she said.
"What would you call it?" asked Steve.
“No.”
He ignored her, simply handing her a sparring knife. Winter grabbed arm pulling her near.
"Sure, what do you want to watch?" asked Tony.
“Never heard of it.”
“Let me,” he said.
“You aren’t.”
The alpha seemed tired. More than he should be.
“I can’t tell you,” he said.
“Papa is strong.”
"Edith will be here soon.”
“We’d be having a different discussion if that were the case.”
“Hello, there, little one, can you tell us your name?" asked Maria.
She rubbed her temples.
He took shelter behind an ice machine. The dog tags tinged against in microwave before the explosion went off. He slowly got his feet. Scared citizens ran passed him. Hanging on the electrical wire above him was the woman. She didn’t seem to be waking up. There was a groan of metal behind him. The water tower was tilting toward him.
“Who’s calling?”
“I’m with you to end line.” It was once reserved for Bucky, but Tony more than deserved. He would go through hell and back for him.
Lately, her absence was being more felt. Carl was asking for her more often and it was starting put a strain on her relationship with Helmut. She wanted to make it open to them. Now that Hydra recently obtained Piper she’d be spending more time away from home. She prayed Helmut would be patient with her. He was the love of her life. It wasn’t like she could say no. Failure to meet expectation could put her family at risk.
"Um, the pathology of a serial killer. The manipulation, the western iconography. Ready for another lesson,” he said.
Something was up. Piper always had input on whatever he made. “Is something wrong?”
"This is between the two of us, not him," said Tony. His mask was filtering out the other alpha's scent. It was the only thing keeping in control of rage. Not at Steve but at the man so close to his omega. "Steve please."
"You can try." Steve smiled. "Any idea what that key was to?"
Fury nodded.
“Hello.”
A sleek bright orange car was parked at the front. It was low to the ground. The car was clearly meant for speed, not functionality. Its door opened on their own. He got in. Steve disliked it. It was cramped and lacked legroom. There was no room or trunk for him to put his bag. There was a loud vroom as the engine started. It was at least an hour's drive to the city. He watched the surroundings pass by.
It had to be true. All this change took decades, not days.
“Real mature Tony running away from the issue,” said Pepper.
Winter looked back at the jet. Piper was peaking through the vents of her crate. Those innocent blue eyes were peering at him. This would likely be the last time he saw them. He waved to her before putting on his mask. The cargo door of the jet closed shut.
"You aren't."
Peggy’s eyes watered but she quickly dabbed them away. “You didn’t have to do that.”
“Thank you, Daddy!”
“I don’t believe I am.”
“Well, you don’t get to decide that. I say he stays,” said Fury.
“Okay, sweetie,” said Maria.
Saturday came around too quickly. Tony found Steve hunched over the toilet early in the morning. It hadn't taken him long to get used to seeing this. He filled a glass of water and handed it to his mate. Steve slowly drank.
Her blazing blue eyes focused on them. Slowly she recognized those staring as Papa and Daddy. She didn’t want them to see her like this. The beta in her grasp wasn’t the root of this turmoil. She moved her foot from Bloom’s throat.
Steve had at least an hour until Edith arrived. He reeked. Spraying off the distress would help him relax. Help his mind feel less frantic.
“Her training will begin tomorrow.”
“I was trying to relax. That was what you wanted, right? Not all of us find beating the shit out of punching bags soothing."
A beta woman came in. The woman scowled at her. There was no sympathy. The people working here never had it, but Piper kept hoping to find kindness. Her muzzle was unstrapped, and a spoon was pressed to her mouth. Piper's hunger outweighed her pride.
, how could he help his daughter? A touch against his shoulder made him strike out. His opponent caught his arm.
“Then what am I?”
"It isn't."
He growled.
, he had one now with a boyfriend who was asleep on their couch. By the time he got to the penthouse floor, Tony was showing signs of waking up. He placed the paper bags on the kitchen counter. Steve toed off his shoes. He poured Tony a mug of coffee. He handed the drowsy alpha.
Tony sat outside the door. He wanted to rip them apart but he couldn't breach Steve's boundary.
“Steve."
self-preservation instinct.
Thor landed with his brother, tossing him to ground. Loki groaned slowly sitting up.
“Fuck!”
She stared blankly at the ground. He shook her shoulders, which only gained him her empty gaze for a moment. Heart and lungs sounded fine. There was no visible damage to her head.
“Are you coming?” asked Lena.
She zipped out into the hall ahead of him. Stopping every ten feet for him to catch up. She never wandered far from him when outside of their enclosure. The pup knew that as long as she was within a ten-foot radius of him, no one would dare bother her, fearing the shear wrath of his presence.
“Steve?”
Winter watched the pup sleep, envying how peaceful it was. The closest thing he came to restful sleep is when they froze him. It was the closest he’d ever come to peace.
“Yes, sweetheart,” said Tony, disappearing into the bedroom.
The wires weaving through the fabric linked to several white clay-like blocks, which she assumed were C4. She'd never seen the substance in person. But she'd been taught how to make it. There wasn't a timer. Something clicked behind her and Piper whipped around.
*****
"I would do almost anything for a friend in need.
“I owe her a visit,” he said.
"I was lost in the moment," said Steve.
“I think I would just cut the wire,” said Tony.
He lifted the virtual segment of Happy’s focus. A pair of dog tags were among the damage. “Any military victims?”
Piper hopped on the fender. He had a friendly enough relationship with the girl, but he still was stunned by her lack of skittishness. Or she was good at hiding her trauma, something she likely subconsciously picked up from her parents.
“What’s you in a mood?” asked Tony.
“We’ll find her,” said Tony, softly.
“But-”
“Alright.”
“I’m so sorry for hurting you. Please forgive me,” he begged.
“The reason I’ve been IMA is I was helping an omega through a, particularly intense heat. I’ve hardly slept," said Tony. He moved to the sink might as well multitask. The screen followed him. He started loading the dishwasher.
"Any family here?"
“Yet I’m still worried," he said.
Yet, at home, he appeared as a normal father and son, the apple of his parents’ eye. Natasha wasn't sure if he was a masterful actor, or if he’d just managed to expertly separate his personal from his professional. His profession mattered little to why she was here. She sighed, taking a sip from her tea before setting it down on the windowsill. Her apartment window looked directly out on the Zemo’s backyard.
“I’ll be fine,” he said.
Tony made breakfast.
“Flight crew, secure the deck,” ordered a voice over the radio.
Piper stood on her tippy toes pressing the button for Daddy's lab. She was only allowed access to three floors: home, her playroom, and the lab. Multiple times she’d tried breaking into Jarvis, but failed every time. Daddy updated the AI’s system every time she got close. The elevator doors opened.
Edith waited patiently for Steve’s response, letting Steve gather himself.
"How'd you know that?" asked Piper.
“Alpha,” he whined, needing Alpha inside him more with every passing moment. It was all he could think about besides the touch of Tony's hands. Yet Alpha did nothing. Had he done something wrong? Something thick and bulbous pressed against him, filling him one long thrust. He fell to his elbows, which only granted Alpha further access to him. His eyes rolled back in his head. The deep hungry need abruptly vanished.
“I guess still not that good at it,” she said.
“You’re smirking that’s more than enough to earn shut up,” said Steve tossing a bagel at the alpha.
“Okay, we can start on your nest,” suggested Tony. He didn’t want Steve linger on the thought that this shouldn’t be happening. It would be better if they both had a task work on.
“What?!”
Tony wasn't sure when he managed to fall asleep. But it could have been more than a few hours. At two in the morning, he woke to Steve throwing up.  He got Steve a glass of water, before entering the bathroom. Steve was bent over the toilet.
Steve nodded. Tony's hand moved to the back of his neck, clamping down it. He fell limp with submission. Panic bubbled in the pit of his stomach. Tony purred soothed it away.  Bruce wiped a cotton swab over the mark. As soon as it was done Tony released his hold. Steve was slow to regain control. His mind was a bit fuzzy.
“Times up,” said Lena.
“Why? I’m in a better position than you.”
“Thank you.”
“He hasn’t yet."
“Piper.”
Both of them unwound slightly as the air cleared.
“I love you, Steve."
Pepper went into the kitchen, the lights turning on automatically. She started up the coffee pot.
Mr. Pray, the owner, beckoned him to the front of the line.
“I’ll be there,” said Steve.
“Was your birthday everything you want?” he asked.
Steve glared at her. He may be in a proper state of mind, but instinct wouldn't allow him to trust her. She moved to the foot of the bed. He backed away.
“Alright,” said Tony.
“Sir, we have more incoming,” said Jarvis.
"Don't do that. If you suppress what you're feeling for too long, who do think it will affect?"
Now that things had calmed down, Piper finally looked over her surroundings. It looked like a normal hospital room, except for the heavy metal door locking them in.
“Come on girl. Time for your art class,” she said.
“No.”
“Close it!” said Steve.
“Hey, sweetheart,” whispered Tony.
“This will sting,” warned Steve.
"What if this happens during the interview?" asked Steve, wiping his mouth.
"Very nice. I've never flown first class before."
She reached out. His heart ached not being able to touch her.
Steve gave a slight nod. “Tony.”
“Get to S.H.I.E.L.D now!” he yelled.
“Any idea what it is?” asked Steve.
“You’re a doctor? I don’t mean be rude-
“Remove the jacket,” Pierce repeated.
Steve quickly pulled the pan off the heat and scrapped the burnt pieces into the trash. “You’d let me do that?”
He wished he could believe that. “Steve, I’ll be in the living room.” Tony sighed, walking away from the door.
“No problem,” he said.
They both looked out from their shelter. They were surrounded by Extremis soldiers.
Rune's beating seemed so much worse than anything Sir had ever inflicted on her. All she wanted was to take away his pain. She purred. Rune mimicked the sound. The gentle tune of the sound was relaxing. They purred at a frequency linked to reducing stress and encouraging healing. Piper’s eyes started to droop, and she yawned before snuggling closer Rune. He was nice and warm.
"Does it have to do with Piper?" Pepper knew Maria was head of the investigation, but Maria was incredibly tight-lipped about it.
"No."
They drove to the jet. Steve settled into a chair close to a window, watching as they took off. His eyes remained locked on the sky. Another chance was stolen from them. When would another lead appear? Tony took his hand, squeezing gently.
“I’m keeping you all to myself this time,” said Tony pulling him close.
“Do you like your Uncle Bruce more than me?” he said.
“No.” Steve bit his lip. He really didn’t want to have this conversation.
“What will we be watching?”
"Sleep. I'll be here when you wake up."
“I’ll electrify your arm. You won’t be able to open your hand. We can do this, Heather.”
“Did you put it on him?”
“Steve, honey I know we need to talk. Can you give me a few hours? I’m begging you,” said Tony. For the first time, he saw Steve pissed off.  His arms folded and lips formed in a scowl. He seemed more disappointed than angry.
Steve was recovering from his recent release. Tony allowed him to take a dominant position in feral state, very few alphas would permit it. He was distracted from his bliss when his inner omega scratched at the surface of his consciousness. It was begging him to let it come forth. At any other time, he would force that side of himself back, wanting to keep it hidden, but it was different. Steve gave in. Alpha instantly picked up on the change.
“We don’t have all day, come on.”
They went up to the penthouse.
“You aren’t going to read them?” asked Pepper.
He looked over the pup. She seemed fine. Actually, she was calmer than usual, less twitchy. She wasn’t dazed. Should he tell her about the boy? He shook his head. There was no point.
“Many. Very many,” he said unsurely.
“The largest donation so far is 100 million, which will go toward 400 million dollar expansion,” said Pepper.
“What was the heaviest thing you moved before now?” asked Phil.
The guard dropped the watch, crushing it under his shoe.“I think I bought it."
“Tony!"
"Not yet. I believe that display was only a peek behind the curtain."
"Stay." He couldn't make another excuse.
“Do have something you want to ask?"
“Hello, doctor.”
“Papa doesn't sleep well, and you don't bother him about it," she said.
Sparks of electricity were shooting off him. Her words weren’t getting through. He was covered in deep-colored bruises. One of his eyes was swollen shut. Dried blood marked his clothing and skin. It was anger fueled purely by fear.
The elevator opened on the lab. It was organized perfectly. On the tables were Stark’s latest creations. Standing in tall glass cases were ironman suits. Their lines were perfect in their sculptural design.
“Yes, I think we’ve made some progress.”
"More than the doctors at that place. But I don't want someone toying with my brain," she said.
Steve lazily rolled onto his side. A slim rectangular box rested on the bedside table. It was wrapped in gold paper and tied with a red ribbon. He set the box in his lap. Steve timidly opened the lid only to slam it shut. Blush burned his cheeks. Tony left him a sex toy! It shouldn't be as embarrassing as it was. Actually, it was quite ordinary, for such objects to be bought and used when alpha couldn't attend to their omegas while in heat. His face went red again at thought of Tony buying it for him. He picked up the letter that had been taped to the present. It took him a bit to work through Tony's chicken scratch handwriting.
“You have any plans for the holiday?” asked Clint.
“We found her,” interrupted Steve.
"No one is," said Steve.
“You okay, sweetheart?” asked Tony running his hand down Steve’s back.
“See that nailed it."
“There wasn’t a day where Howard didn’t tell me of the great Captain America and his Howling Commandos,” said Tony.
"I promise. If by some chance they are, I'll figure it out and handle it," she said.
Steve and Natasha nodded.
“Do you feel guilty about those you’ve killed?” She knew there must be many.
"He didn't make me do anything, Tony! It was my choice!" Steve collected. He wasn't the one that should be angry. “Tony, I never wanted it to be like this. But our baby became of the mission. A factor that could take away from my productivity. That was never what it was meant to be. I wanted it to be something precious for us."
“Thanks.” Arm nodded before leaving with Hammer. He tucked his phone into his pocket.
“He’s hemorrhaging. We need to get him into surgery,” said Edith.
Steve’s blue eyes pleaded with him. Why did he have to look at him like that? This was already hard enough. Begging him for a way out of this. It would be so much easier if their feral sides just took over. This was the first time that wild primal side didn’t want to come forward gain control.
Tony hit play. The image Steve on a ventilator appeared before him. Bandages wrapped his arms. When doctors tried tending wound tending to him, he'd jolt from the bed in an attempt to attack, before losing consciousness seconds later.  Tony read through the aggression. Steve was terrified. "How did you let this happen?!"
Beta read by AbsolutShenanigans
“Hey, wait up!”
“I thought we could make some fun of it. I didn't know what you liked so I got a bit of everything,” said Edith.
“Are they hurt?”
Winter had paced their room for hours now. The only disruption came when a beta dropped off several large stacks of books. It had never taken this long for Piper to return. The rigidness left his form when he heard small familiar footsteps coming down the halls.
They needed a moment to center themselves before returning to Piper. They were in no condition to be near her. They leaned into each other.
Steve turned to see a massive ceiling length shelf full of shoes.
Rune was shocked. What did it matter what happened once she left? It was nice being with her while it lasted. And he would hang onto that memory for as long as he could.
The weight on his chest lifted.
“Not the sharpest one are you.”
“Tony?”
Natasha sighed. There was nothing she could do but accept that she didn’t have access to that piece of information. If too many knew all the secrets S.H.I.E.L.D, it wouldn’t function as an organization. Steve should know the information that regarded him.
Steve pressed nose and forehead to Tony. Along with the heavy static pressure, Steve could feel an undercurrent … loneliness? …through the mate bond. He hadn’t noticed it before. "I'll meet you at the hospital."
“As impressive as this is, I want to see her in action. Maybe against one of your other creations." Pierce smiled good-naturedly. He could have been a grandfather asking about the kid’s soccer trophy.
“It's a surprise,” said Tony.
"Why are you helping a random omega through their heat?"
“But you smell so sweet,” he said.
Her gaze locked on the man closest to Papa. It was Uncle Bucky. Even though she’d never had the chance to address the man as such. He’d been older than Papa. Every time asked Papa about it made him very upset. The alpha in the picture used to look such a stranger, but now he seemed vaguely familiar.
“Omega.”
The guilt was clear in Steve’s expression. He didn’t believe he deserved to feel like this. When his knot down, they remained close. Steve carefully tended the fresh mark he’d left. He shivered as Tony returned the favor.
January 11, 2013
“No problem,” he said.
“Good luck.”
"You can smell it." Natasha nodded. She was breathing through her mouth. "Is it that bad?"
“It was a great night,” said Tony.
Tony trusted Steve in this state with Piper. The feral side first objective bonding and caring about their pup. Tony sighed. Fuck, he trusted this side Steve more than in control Steve. The way Steve had acted today had him on edge. He'd never hurt Piper.
“What alpha was in that old boxing gym at 2:00 am?”
The alpha wasn't lying. At least he didn't think so. He seemed genuine about wanting to get to know him. There was no reason for Tony to pretend to get to know him. It was inevitable that they would have sex.
Steve yawned. He preferred sleeping in the plane at the mission site. It natural to him. He was used to those conditions. A cushy bed was now a discomfort. Before the serum, he wished for a cushy mattress to replace the lumpy metal spring bed he’d slept on for years. How long would it take for him to adjust? He ran his fingers along the cool surface of his necklace.
“Why haven’t I heard of him?” asked Tony.
“Because I read the papers, and, frankly, I don’t think you’ll last a week,” she said.
“Is this your first pregnancy?”
“Steve, I wouldn’t have asked you if I didn’t need to,” said Natasha.
"Your shirt was a bit too tight." It wasn't only the shirt. The always sweet pants were several inches too short.
The scene was perfect. The scent of distress was wiped from the sanctity of their new den. Yet something was missing. It wasn’t secure enough. He called for one of his suits. Moments later, an empty suit came flying into the room, landing outside of the entrance of their den.
“He’s been unstable and feral for a year. They should put him on ice.”
“You will be free to go once we’ve cleared you. You’ll remain under observation but won’t be disturbed. I’ll give you time to decide. You’ll stay in a safe house from the time being,” said Fury.
“Bring the room to a comfortable level for him,” said Tony.
“I’d be honored to, Anthony,” she said.
“Will she remember this encounter?”
“Why are you staring?”
“Is it true he bought a diamond bracelet for every omega he was with?” asked Clint.
The omega constant snarls were starting to bother Killian. He strode over to him. The foolish creature didn’t know how to act.
"It is. I can't imagine doing this myself."
“I don’t know just something I’ve always been raised with. Machinery is in the Stark blood. My grandfather and my daddy did it,” said Piper.
He growled.
Everything was out of her control and she could do NOTHING! Why did he have to suffer because of her? It wasn’t right!
"Two hours? I'm sorry."
“She understands," he said.
"Of course, and Steve your secret is safe with me," said Jarvis.
"Yes," said Steve without a moment's hesitation. It was clear Bruce and Tony didn't hold the same level of trust he had in her. "Please, I trust her. Tony, you how difficult it is for me to trust doctors."
“Everything is fine,” reported Jarvis.
“How are you feeling?” she asked.
The fear and adrenaline from Piper’s shock leached away, leaving her exhausted. She was too distrustful of her surroundings to sleep. Her parents told her to run as far and as fast as she could if she ever encountered a feral alpha. That wasn’t an option. She needed someone on her side and he was all she had to work with. It was easier to focus on him than think about her situation.
“Good," sighed Steve.
Stardust by Artie Shaw started playing. A seam appeared in the cement wall. It slid away revealing a giant metal door.
Steve nodded.
“What does it do?”
"I don't know." Piper didn't want to risk endangering Rune.
Piper was surprised when Lena returned to her and Winter’s cell. The best part of today was supposed to be only seeing her once.
“Sorry for interrupting your date," she said as they pulled out of the parking lot.
Steve nodded.
"Blueberry pancakes."
"Yes, I know it was wrong, but I didn't have much a choice." His guilt turned miserably in his gut. It was the right thing to do, but he couldn't get over the fact that he'd put his child in danger. He could have lost some much that day.
“Who?” said Steve.
“Tony, I don’t care about the sugar. How did you get her to sleep?”
“It will cause a breakdown. May not happen then, but it will happen.”
“You are all I need."
"True, but you could allow it to consume you."
“Do you think I’m ready?”
“Jarvis.”
“I do.”
This wasn't about money. God, Tony wished it were. It would be so much easier. The people who took Piper had no intentions of returning her. They wanted her for what she was. The only comfort they had was knowing they probably wouldn't kill her or do worse.
Steve hugged her gently afraid to harm the fragile woman.
Dum-E rolled into the room. It happily twitched its claws. Tony worked quietly strengthening his gloves so they'd be able to handle the force Steve could exert. Steve had been asleep for nearly four hours. His limbs were numb from Steve's weight. He had to move. Tony carefully moved from the bed and paced the room, trying to regain some feeling in his legs. Steve whined in his sleep. For the last few hours, he watched pained expressions crossed the sleeping omega's face. Even in sleep, Steve wasn't free from the strain of labor. It would only get worse. He went to the bathroom and got a drink.
He handed her his phone before realizing his mistake. “Wait-
“Why?” he asked. He truly didn’t understand.
“Wait, wait hold on how would you know about me?”
“Steve"
Steve glanced out the tower window. A mob of press surrounded the base of the building. From his perch, he could see the flash of their cameras. His stomach turned. He may crave recognition as Tony's mate, but he was ready for the attention of that magnitude. It was different from what he was used to. They'd be put under a microscope. He backed away from the window, fearing he may be caught by one of the cameras.
Piper's eyes widen, stunned to see Theodore smiling. It lit up his expression, melting away the frigidness. As suddenly as it appeared, it was gone. She wanted it back. It looked so right for him, but she doubted she would ever see it again.
"How did you manage to damage a vibranium shield?"
He’d gotten birth control before the mission.
“I can build you one, Pipes,” said Tony, walking in and settling down at the counter.
Winter glared at the woman when he felt the pup shiver against him.
Steve leaned into him. Tony ran his finger through his golden-brown hair and Steve cuddled against his neck, purring.
“Tony, what did you do?” asked Steve.
"Tony, this isn't a joke. You're going to be a father."
“Where is she?”
Tony loved the timid tone of Steve’s voice. Many were eager to get something from him and felt no regret or shame for asking him so frequently. Steve asked for little yet deserved so much. He was more than willing to indulge him.
He joined his mate. Steve leaned his head against the alpha's shoulder.
“We have a great deal to discuss,” said Thor.
"What are your plans for your bachelor party?" asked Steve.
“Stay naked," pouted Tony. He moved behind Steve. His hands wandered Steve's stomach.
Steve skimmed the article. The title said it all. It was published hours after their date. How had they gotten hold of it so quickly? The photo revealed nothing to his identity.
"Thought you'd run."
"I had a mental break down. Yet you still want me as your doctor?" she asked.
“No, we only want to know your location."
He let Steve sleep. It was only a matter of time until he blew this chance as well. Steve's heat might lean in his favor. If they made it that far.
Steve smiled but was also slightly nervously. The alpha trusted him and would guide him through it. Tony gathered the sterile cleaning tools and set them on the table. He took a seat on an examination table. Tony lay back on the table.
"You don't have to do this," said Steve.
“Understood.”
“Can you get a picture?”
“To Aunt Peg’s,” said Tony.
“Hey.”
“The tower is secure right?” asked Steve.
Steve took it from him, setting it gently on the counter again. He ran his hand across the lid.
"All I've done is sleep."
She went to undo his restraints.
“A guilty pleasure,” she admitted. Natasha loved watching the reality TV shows. How ridiculous they were never made her smirk. It somehow made her feel better about her own life. She watched Say Yes to the Dress for a different reason; it was something she could never have. She would never have that moment.
“Clear the room,” Rumlow ordered.
“Everything that’s happening the things that are about to come to light. People might just need a little bit of old fashion,” said Phil.
“Very different from the last Midgardian wedding I witnessed. But at that time such events were more similar to weddings of Asgard,” said Thor.
An orange glow traveled down Steve's neck. He cringed forcing down a groan. His hand clamped around the bed's railings. They creaked under the immense pressure.
“Sure, when can we talk about New York?”
“What was your impression of her?” asked Tony.
“Is that?”
“Yes,” said Tony.
They pulled into the S.H.I.E.L.D. facility. Steve dropped his things off in his room before heading to the medical wing. He sat in Edith’s office, playing nervously with the thin paper on the examination table. Edith let herself in. She locked the door behind her.
“Alpha." He rolled off his alpha, shimming off his underwear. He went to his hands and knees, presenting. Slick leaked down his thighs. He whined. “Alpha."
“Where’s Winter?" asked Piper. After she fell from the jet, her memories were foggy.
"How long have you been watching?" asked Steve.
First the battle, then telling Tony, and concerns about their family.
“This is how normal people behave,” said Steve.
"Thank you."
“Only eight grade?” whined Piper.
“Steve.”
“Sleeping, sir."
“Thank you.” Steve grabbed the diaper bag from Tony and went to the study.
Steve snarled when the other alpha neared. Happy backed off.
He hastily got out of the car. The baby was pressing against his bladder. They knocked on the door. Peggy came rushing through the doors.
"Good, there are no signs of malnutrition. Dr. Star and I were concerned that she may not get proper nutrients from your milk, but your body has adapted to support a growing super soldier pup. You need to increase your calorie take in to support that.”
, Steve was on the verge of an episode. He sat Steve on the couch. Steve was frozen in a trance. He took off Steve’s boots. Then he slid off the omega’s jacket. He was going to get that therapist. Steve hadn’t been ready for Arlington. Getting Steve out of this would take time.
"Piper, when I was your age, people wanted to take me to. There were a few close attempts. They didn't succeed until I was an adult. Innocent people died trying to stop it from happening,” said Daddy.
“I didn’t say that, Pipes," said Tony.
“And what is this gadget?” asked Bruce.
“In Piper’s room,” he said.
“Jarvis has free range over the household. I did nothing,” said Tony.
“You don’t have to do that. I’ll do fine on my own,” he said. Steve
Steve grabbed his bag from the locker. He returned to his room. Before he'd left, he cracked the window to dispel the intense smell of the oil paints. It would take several days maybe a week for the paint to dry. He packed the two watercolor canvases into the box and addressed it. Steve put the package in his apartment hall mailbox.
He patted her head.
“Captain Rogers?” asked Jarvis.
“WHAT THE HELL TONY?! WHAT HAPPENED AT THE TOWER?!” she screamed.
“Now you sound like you,” she said.
Tucked under Lena's arm was the most recent newspaper. It had Piper's image on it.
"If you ever get a chance to get out, don't wait for me." Winter knew he would be sent to retrieve her. And he’d have to follow through on the
“Where are you going, sweetheart?” asked Tony.
“I told you I’d be checking in. What progress have you made with our recently acquired asset?"
“She was, not many remember that. Mom was always overshadowed by Howard. People always seemed to forget all the good she did. She paid for Bert's children to go to college and attended his wife's funeral,” said Tony. He quickly shook off the heavy emotional haze. “I need a drink. You want one?”
“What was that?” said Happy.
“It’s fine. It will be nice to see Rhodes again. When will he be coming over?”
“You’ll have plenty of times to kiss me, Tony,” he said.
“It's not your fault, kid. Remember what I told you about bullies?”
“Will that stop you, from saying yes when he does purpose?” asked Barny.
“When is a bomb not bomb,” he muttered.
He went to the bar.
“I wasn’t talking about that,” he said.
“That guilty look you get when you know you've done something wrong. Last I saw it was when you somehow blew up my garage using only a broken toaster,” said Peggy.
“There, all done,” she said, handing it back to him.
"Volume," said Steve.
"If anything else happens in my absence, I'll make sure both of you spend the rest of your careers with this organization as experimental material. Understood?"
“How do you know that?” she sniffled.
Steve was aware that he didn’t have to right to ask. He needed whatever distraction their encounter could provide. He only felt a slight sting of guilt at his selfishness.
Steve spent several hours staring at the mess he’d made of the gym. He glared at the ruined ceiling drywall where support beams could be seen. It had been reinforced with steel to prevent exactly what just happened. They'd have to wait and hire someone to fix it. He grabbed a broom and started sweeping up the mess.
"Alpha." He nuzzled the alpha's hand, not wanting him to leave.
Winter scowled. He’d have to be more careful. The authorities would be out in number. Piper wasn’t the average missing child. Her parents were famed. Authorities would be out in force, looking for anyone suspicious.
*****
“God, you’re stubborn!”
“Wait.”
“Okay, your husband is currently being treated.”
"Yes! Uh, only if you're finished, though."
“It’s nothing,” said Steve trying to refocus on his current task. Steve was blushing. Tony smirked as he wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist holding him close. His hands traveled under Steve’s shirt.
Steve’s smiled was contagious.
“I know. I just can’t,” he said.
He glared at the image, wanting it gone. With his metal arm, he scraped the image from the floor before returning to his corner. But the symbol was still trapped in his mind despite its destruction.
"Survival instinct, your inner omega loves the fact that you have an alpha that is willing to go so far to protect your offspring. In freshly bonded omega alpha couples it's normal for them to follow this line of thinking. It only temporary," said Bruce.
“I’ll be right back, doll face,” said Tony. He followed Fury out the door.
Tony’s eyes cracked open. Steve's arms wrapped around his waist.
Piper didn't follow Rune, staying with Daddy in the kitchen. He'd grown really attached to Pepper and Maria. She wasn't going to mess with that. Rune deserved a family, and she wanted to make sure those connections formed.
Steve leaned against his mate. Tony wrapped his arm around him. He followed him to the master bedroom. Tony tried setting him down on the nest but he refused. That was for after. He didn’t want to risk ruining it. Steve lowered himself to a bench the cushioned bench in the closet.
“You’re the woman who moved into that apartment,” said Helmut.
Rumlow tossed Winter off him. He took off his mask, taking a breath. Even in that state, the bastard had put up one hell of a fight. Medical staff rushed into the room. They muzzled and restrained Winter before loading him into a stretcher.
Steve helped her out of the toilet.
“He may have played a minor role.”
"You can't report any of the information you gather to S.H.I.E.L.D," he said.
Tony slid the phone back into Steve’s pocket. At that moment the omega decided to open his eyes.
“I want to go back to my room,” she said.
“Where are we going?”
With some effort, he managed to pick the omega. They moved down the path as fast as possible. By the time they made it to the quinjet Steve’s breathing was stronger, but he was still bleeding. Clint and Natasha locked him in the hyperbaric chamber. They had to get him to the nearest S.H.I.E.L.D. The nearest facility was in Brazil.
“I’m going to the cafeteria. Do you want anything?”
“She wasn’t good enough for you, but you were right in making her CEO. She’s a wonderful businesswoman,” said Peggy. Stark men weren't built to run a company. They were perfectly capable but found it all rather droll. Howard and Tony were most productive in setting where they were free to create. Maria had to run the company for Howard, behind the scenes since at the time such a thing was unseemly. Peggy ran her fingers through Watson’s fur. “Tell Steve to call. I’d love to hear from him."
The man was almost jumping with excitement. It was cute in beautiful women, omegas, and children, but it proved a slightly disturbing occurrence when it was a full-grown male beta. The man clumsily got into the van with him. Tony sighed. He should be grateful this guy wasn’t a legitimate reporter.
“You’re back.”
“Than what?”
“You wanna hear about my parents?”
“If I don’t stop by every now and then you’ll forget me you senile old bat,” he said.
“Looking forward to it, sweetheart. Where are you now? I’m guessing you’re at the gym, putting those muscles to use. I could think of better ways to use them."
"Wake up!"
“These are beautiful, Steve.”
“Not yet I need to take a few samples,” said Edith.
It pried at Tony's willpower. The omega seemed well aware of that. He took the softest shirt from Steve's bag. Tony took a seat at the edge of the bed.
“What’s next?”
“I’ll go.”
“Are you done?” asked Lena dryly.
She yawned. “Night, night.”
“Steve?”
"It was my pleasure. There are plenty of more museums in New York. I’ll take you to them all,” said Tony.
Natasha flipped through the channels stopping on TLC. Say Yes to the Dress was on.
“Please stop. He can’t even fight back! Please, I'll do anything just make it stop! Lena please!"
“What’s underneath his mask,” said Natasha.
“And what exactly would I have to do to gain trust?”
Steve's hands fisted. "What is it with your generation and wanting to talk about everything little thing to death? Some things aren't meant to be spoken of."
Tony rolled his eyes. “Do you buy that?”
“I’m glad you weren’t there,” said Tony.
Tony went to the lab, checking Banner's progress. The man jumped when he came in.
Winter woke early. Something was wrong. He went to the door of their enclosure, gently tugging on the handle, locked. It hadn’t been locked for weeks. Something was happening. It couldn’t be good.
“So why do we need to be in here?”
"It's a nest," said Steve.
“He’s just coming off his heat. A few days to calm down are written into his contract,” said Tony.
“Actually, I am.” A badge was stamped down on the table. It was the woman with burns. She pinned his armed against his back, slamming him against the table. He snagged to dogs from the table, tucking them into his pocket. His hands were cuffed.
"Please." Winter didn't want this to be her last memory of him.
She took out an orange bottle filled with large pills. He picked them up.
“Don’t move.”
“Tony?”
"It is if you let it," said Pepper.
"Do you think it will be believable? I'm already a month along," he said.
“Are you done, Sir? I’d like to go back to my room.”
Something was irritating her.
“Rune,” he said.
“She just ate. She’ll want nurse again in a few hours.”
“ABBA, sir."
"I wasn't a star."
“If you want I can ask Agent Coulson,” he said.
He went into the kitchen.
Steve took his hand. Tony looked back at him.
Never had Steve been happier to hear Phil's voice. He didn’t let his relief seep into his expression, though. Steve wanted Tony to propose, but afterwards. When the time was right. Tony picked up the phone.
"RUNE!" Piper screamed at the air as Sir’s jet took off, airborne with Rune asleep inside, his crate still secured to the jet’s floor.
“Rory Power,” he said. Rory’s last name made him target for bullying alone.
“Okay.”
“That bad,” said Steve. He wished his scent could be as appealing as Natasha's. Her scent was a mix of juniper and pine. But it was somehow muted to an almost beta level.
Steve was brought out of the thought when his phone vibrated. He accepted the call, putting it on speaker.
"Then what's the harm in telling me?" she asked.
"Are you sure you want her help?" asked Tony.
“What to go on a run?” he asked Piper.
"This wasn't the way I was planning to tell you, but yeah, Steve is pregnant."
Steve leaned back into the seat. Seventies music was playing. Tony had been introducing him to different musicians. He preferred the Beetles over the Rolling Stones, who were one of Tony’s favorites bands. It wasn't that Rolling Stones were bad he just preferred the gentler tones of Beetles. So far some of his favorite singers were Etta James, Elton John, Frank Sinatra, The Supremes, Sam Cooke, Otis Redding, and Stevie Wonder. That was only the shortlist. He hadn’t given Elvis a good listening too but it was on his list of things to do. They pulled up to the S.H.I.E.L.D facility. He took some of the boxes and bubble wrap from the van.
"I will always protect you," he whispered.
“About the size of a lemon."
“Throw it like a Frisbee. Like this.” Steve threw it, decapitating the dummy.
As they played Piper tried piecing things together. Seeing Lena would give nothing away. But there was nothing to explain her absence of memory. There was no thrill to beating Lena at the game. Wouldn’t she remember wiping that smug look off her face? She ended up winning. Lena helped her put away the pieces.
Bruce nodded already lost in his work again.
“I’ll tell Hill. There will be briefing tomorrow morning,” said Clint.
“Was I too rough?”
"Steve."
His mind was a weakness.
“We’re both scientists I won’t deny I’m curious about the pup’s what could be learned from this. It begs the question of why S.H.I.E.L.D. would hire someone of your capabilities. The possibilities of what could be gathered from Steve's condition are limitless. That doesn't change the fact they are parents all the same that what the best for their child and deserves not to be treated as an experiment. I'm not sure what to make of you and hope for your sake our suspicions are unfounded," said Bruce.
He smirked down at the frozen heap of useless flesh. Stunned when he saw the slow rise and fall of Winter’s chest.
He didn't look at her. So, Piper sat next to him but didn't take his hand. He wasn't ready to be touched. Maybe he just needed some time to get used to her again. Piper hoped that was all he needed. She sat there offering comfort quietly.
So much for escaping the subject. “My father was fifty when he had me,” he said.
“Jarvis and a lot of trial and error,” he said.
"Yours is special. If you were a dumb as a brick, I wouldn't find you nearly as interesting as I do. I don't want anyone messing with your mind either. But I know these doctors could help us too. They've help Papa."
"Yeah, Howard was paranoid. Kept his most valuable things in there. Anything about you would be there," said Tony.
"Steve?!"
Slowly, Piper woke up from her nap, rising from the colored floor. The colors from the floor stained her clothing and transferred onto her skin. Piper hadn’t bathed yet in the cell. She was still wearing the same clothes she worn the morning she’d been kidnapped. Part of her was afraid if she took them off they'd be stolen. It was all she had from home. Even though the only scents it held were her own and smoke. Still, it was home. She wiped sleep drool from her chin.
“Steve."
“I hope it’s a girl or male omega. I would love to see how Stark would respond to that,” he said.
*****
“What do you want?” asked Piper.
A shot rang out, grazing her cheek. She screamed. Her focus now aimed at the alphas cowering against the wall.
“I was defending a friend."
“No, she’ll never have any recollection from anything that occurs in this state. While like this, she’s cut off from the memories of her dominant mindset. I'll demonstrate." Lifesize holographic projections of Tony Stark and Steve Rogers appeared in the center of the room.
“Yes.”
“On the radio, huh.”
Loki braced his back.
"Steve was attacked."
Steve rubbed his neck.
“We should get started.”
Steve sat up. He'd enjoyed the intense cuddle session. A little while later, Jarvis alerted them that Happy was waiting for them outside. Steve gave Jarvis to the directions for the stew. It was cloudly outside. Steve tugged his coat closer to him. Tony opened the car door for him, inside was toasty. Steve relaxed into the leather seating.
“I don’t see how I can’t. It’s affecting her too."
“Let’s get a look at her,” she said.
He yawned. Tony’s fingers traced over Steve’s necklace.
"Did I ask for one? You can choose any car you want as long as it has back seat for a car seat, safety features, and a trunk," said Steve.
“Why are you up? It’s late.”
“What was that for?”
He went to the garage. Phil gave him a wallet.
“Whatever do you mean, Piper? I’m truly giving a choice. Or would you rather study geography?”
Rhodey was the only person who could get away with asking him that question. The man saved him from alcohol poisoning enough times to earn that right. That didn’t stop his mug from cracking. He placed on the counter before it could shatter.
"I may be more prone to telling you if you give me a hint to what my gift is," said Steve.
"I'll be back in a few hours."
“Why do I smell like blood?”
“Are they getting better?” Would them getting better be good for her? Would Winter be more himself if the ‘glitches' were more frequent?
"You're good for him," said Rhodes.
“When will he be out?”
“What’s his field of study?” asked Steve.
"Will, that be a problem? I could always go with plan B or C."
Winter woke up, unable to move. His arms were pinned behind his back, numb from being in that position for so long. He blinked the blurriness from his vision, snarling when he realized he was in the same location. Winter had failed in his rebellion. All it left him with was a splitting headache and a swollen face.
“Noon?” His voice was hoarse from moaning, screaming, or howling in pleasure.
Steve groaned waking up to dry sticky mess from last night. He carefully untangled from Tony. He kissed the sleeping alpha's forehead. Jarvis had the shower ready for him. The temperature was perfect. Steve dressed and went into the kitchen. The room smelled of pine trees.
"How was your flight?" asked Steve.
"You can be a kid. Enjoy it while you can. It won't last forever."
He nodded, letting Tony pull down the blankets, revealing his naked form. His confidence swelled when Tony hungrily gazed over him. Their lips met in a brief kiss. He moved to Steve's chest, making Steve gasped as the alpha sucked softly on his nipple. The alpha’s tongue traced every contour of his chest. Tony kissed his hips before taking his length into his mouth, swirling his tongue around the head of Steve’s arousal.
“Of course, sir,” said Lena.
“Sir."
“Please tell me we don’t have to do this again anytime soon,” said Steve.
“She doesn’t look dangerous,” said Steve, closing the file.
Piper smiled when she saw Steve as he returned to the tower.
“Captain Rogers you’re safe.”
“I could have lost you today,” said Tony.
“And you think you’re the person for the job.”
“You pull off ninety-two," said Tony.
“I asked you from the start what you were to him. You told me he was your friend.”
“Dim the lights."
Steve traveled deeper into the ship, stopping at a door that read:
Steve dropped the subject. He knew exactly what meant taken advantage of. Thinking further on the topic would give him nightmares.
"It's fine. Are you okay with eggs?" asked Tony.
“You’re serious.”
The days passed swiftly. On twentieth Steve woke to a damp spot underneath him. At least this time he could slowly ease into heat instead of being suddenly thrust into it. His alpha was asleep next to him.
“I love seeing her.”
“I’m sorry. Shh, don’t cry,” he said.
Tony squeezed his hand. He shouldn’t allow it, but he wanted it. This would fade in time. They walked back to the lobby. Steve scowled when he saw Natasha. He wanted a few more hours with Tony.
“Say it.”
He’d forgotten that he’s set up the camera there. The footage appeared in front of him. For the second time today, he saw Steve Rogers. Steve pulled a letter from his pocket. He watched the omega body’s langue change from sadden to angered. With a single punch destroyed the giant oak tree shading the graves. Tony wished he’d added audio to that surveillance system.
Steve let a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. A smile pulled at the corners of his mouth. He may never have a pup, but the ability to know he could was a great comfort.
“My boyfriend is having an episode. How do you expect me to be calm?! Tell me what the fuck to do!” snarled Tony.
Flyers crashed their way through the streets, causing explosions.
"We had a right to know as soon as he was caught, Nat!" Steve’s snarl echoing his alpha’s.
Maybe in a few heats then their bond will be secure enough. He smiled. After a claim, marriage followed shortly after. Steve’s heart raced at the idea. Would Tony be willing to take that step? He didn’t want to push the subject and scare him off. If their relationship continued there would be bumps, but they’d get there eventually there.
June 1, 2016
“I take it that whatever you’ve discovered in their DNA isn’t as normal as you implied,” said Tony.
“My name is Lena.”
“You’re back! You’re back!”
*****
“She won’t. Edith is discrete. She puts her patient first. There were some things I wanted to be kept off the record and she made sure it stayed that way. She'll do the same for you,” said Natasha.
“There’s someone out there for everyone,” said Natasha.
"Do you really want this, Tony? You have an out. I won't hold it against you," said Steve. But God it would hurt without him.
“It’s fine. Thanks for asking,” he said.
“Of course you didn’t mean to. It was instinctual,” said Steve.
Tony nodded in understanding. He couldn't imagine having another child any time soon, if ever. They’d discussed the idea a few months before Piper's third birthday, but that was all ashes now. Tony slowly released an angered breath. Among all that the kidnappers stole for them, they'd also snatched away the Stark’s dreams for the future.
“Are you sure?” he asked. Tony nodded.
“Stop running and fight.”
She could have a home with Winter and Rune. And she’d accept them. It would be an odd misfit place, but they’d accept her no matter what. But their home wasn’t in this place. They’d find a new one.
Rage filled her small form. The energy surging through her was overpowering.
“Bun or braids.”
There was a slim chance of the AI unit actually listen to him.
“Tony!”
“That’s what it says.”
“Showed me some pictures. They’ve got, Sir. But Lena got out.”
The tiredness in Steve's voice was apparent. It was so tempting to fly back home now. Steve would be resistant against even in heat. "How are you feeling?"
"Steady your hands."
“He’ll understand.”
"Why are they furry?" asked Rune, poking the peach.
“You’re apologizing for giving me the best orgasm of my life. Forget the shower,” said Tony.
Bruce nodded. He was eager to meet her. It was bound to be an exciting meeting of the minds.
Tony finished his coffee and got dressed. Hopefully, he wouldn't give the old girl a heart attack at what he planned to ask her.
“Yes, sir."
"Why were you scared? You could have told me sooner. I would have been shocked not angry. Steve, I could never leave you."
“Stand down, soldier!” boomed a voice over the chaos.
“Uncle Brucey!”
It didn't seem possible. "How?"
They placed Piper on the table, and let a wiry machine arm slowly scan over her. There were no injuries. Lena raised Piper’s shirt. There wasn’t even a scar from where she’d been stabbed. It wouldn’t surprise her if the child could regrow lost limbs. Next was Winter. He suffered a bad concussion, and had broken his collarbone, fingers, five ribs, arm, cheekbone, and nose, along with many lacerations.
Tony smirked during the opening scene when Steve clenched his hand. He pulled his hand away from Steve, wrapping his arm around the omega's shoulder instead. Tony pulled a blanket over the two of them. He loved watching old horror movies with Steve it always brought the omega closure to him. It never failed to make him smile when he saw Steve react to the films. The man face down Nazis and countless horrible events without fear, yet pressed close to him when something like The Blob or Jaws. He'd be sure not to share the sight with anyone else.
“A batch of chocolate chip blueberry pancakes says it isn’t,” said Rune.
"You don't have to stay up with me," said Tony.
“No war movies,” said Steve.
“Let me take care of you,” he said. Tony wanted to do more than aftercare. He wanted to spoil his omega. Tony flinched Steve’s heat was over he shouldn’t, he couldn't think about Steve like that. For now, the glorious omega before him was still his for the time being. Tony wanted Steve to experience what aftercare was like, knowing he’d never experienced it. He wanted Steve to have pleasant memories of their time together. A selfish part of him wanted to show Steve just how much better he was than any other alpha. How they wouldn’t be able to compare to him. Steve had unwittingly ruined him for all other omegas.
“Could you actually take me to her? I’d prefer to talk to where she’s comfortable.”
“Tony, these things are still coming,” he said.
Steve shook his head.
“No, we’re done,” said Olivia.
Their lesson went on.
Winter shook his head. He needed to keep his mind on the task and escape unnoticed. For him to move freely, he’d have to wait until dark, so he checked into a seedy motel. Winter verified the exits and escape routes. Then he locked his room door and settled in to wait, turning on the old TV to break the silence. It was tuned to some news channel.
He returned it at full power. They charged at each other in a mid-air battle. Each crashing against the cliff, before falling back into the woods. Thor grabbed Tony's arms crushing the metal in his grip. He opened his hand hitting Thor with a blast. Tony head-butted his rival causing the man to let go. There gong of metal as Thor copied the motion sending him backward. Thor grabbed him and tossed him to the ground. His thrusters activated before Thor could hammer could reach him. Tony used Thor’s loss of balance to his advantage.
"This way is safer," he said tucking his hands over his stomach.
"That should be easy enough," said Tony.
“They are impressive. But why have one when you can have two,” said Pierce.
"Come on, I know you wanna cuddle," said Tony.
“Not always but most of the time. Assignments vary on the handler,” said Winter.
Their gloved hands entwined. They walked back to the car. The entire drive Tony held his hand. It was a physical connection he needed. It grounded him. As soon as they got home Steve kissed Tony. Tears were still running down his eyes. Tony pulled away when he felt tears against his cheeks.
“Why card games?” asked Lena.
The alpha stilled underneath him.
“Steve.” Tony coughed breathlessly, his chest stone, weighted down with pain and loss… and loneliness.
“Have you found anything?”
"Around eight, it will be easier for Piper to sleep through the flight, hopefully."
“I could ask you the same question,” said Steve. He was sure he'd be equally as without Tony by his side. If the alpha hadn't come back, he was sure he'd been worse.
*****
“Nothing seems to be missing, sir,” reported Jarvis.
“For his birthday, Howard hired Doris Day to sing. Apparently, the man was so tongue-tied he didn’t say a word. The photos are somewhere in storage,” said Tony.
“Tony, I’m not sure if you’d be open to this but my therapist wants to meet with us together,” said Steve.
"Thank you." Steve tucked the number into his back pocket.
Winter moved back, eyeing the alpha guard. It would be easy enough to disarm him. Would he be fast enough to do it without a shot being left off? It could be nothing more than a thought unless given a
"There's nothing wrong with you."
“Pop-Tarts, jolly rancher watermelon flavor,” said Thor.
“They’ll help absorb the alcohol in your system,” said Steve.
“Steve’s in labor.”
Two weeks passed since Steve first unfrozen. He'd adjusted enough to allow him an hour of sleep every night. Heavy exercise routines usually took up most of his day. When he wasn’t working out, he was with either Clint or Natasha. The master spies swiftly became his friends. Their friendships did a great deal to help him adjust. They were broken in their own way like him. He was currently in the gym. The punching bag flung from its chain as an image of the war passed through his mind.
“I set up college funds for the children of the two soldiers that had families. The other was so young he hadn’t even started one. I made sure his mother was taken care of. Paying college funds and medical bills was easier than confronting them,” he said.
“Who is that?” he asked.
“You’d be surprised,” said Steve. Tony had a fantastic art collection. He spent several hours admiring the works.
“Alpha,” he whispered.
"Do you know why I am here?" she asked.
“I do. I got that reference,” said Steve, now shying away from the attention he’d drawn to himself.
“A hero? Like you? You’re a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle,” he said.
“Alright, kill the alarm.”
"Thank you,” said Steve.
"I was waiting for you to wake up," said Steve.
Steve fell to his knees. His last moments with his mate were spent in an argument. His hand traveled to the claim, marking his neck. A bond truly is broken by death. The connection it carried was still present, but he couldn't travel after it. He entered a combat mode to escape the stress of what happened. It was the only way for him to process. He tapped his watch. His shield broke free the rubble.
When he turned to the bridge he struck by an eighteen-wheeler.
The pup pushed his hair from his neck, completely disregarding his personal space. He didn't even care that it was such a vulnerable area. Winter moved to give the pup better access.
She glared at him. “Challenge accepted.”
“Fine,” he said.
“If you prefer a commercial flight, I’ll take the suit. It would be faster,” said Tony.
He groaned several hours later when his phone rang. Steve was tucked in arms.
"You may call me, Uncle Steve," he said. Steve was sure that Rune would be involved further in their lives as a family. He couldn't see Piper letting go of him.
"I'm sorry, do you know him?" he said.
“Please sit down, Piper.”
“Mommy!” called Carl.
“I love you,” he said.
“Come on people! Everybody grab a monkey.”
“And drag Tony along with you,” she said.
“Only good?”
They ate quietly.
His pants were stained with blood. He stunk of Steve's distress and sweat.
"What if he'd gotten out?"
"What could they possibly need to talk about that they can't discuss with Pepper," said Tony.
“Thank you, Mr. Murdock. The funds will be transferred to your bank account,” said Jeri.
Tony knew it was an excuse. "When you find those words, tell me. We want to know what's going on with you."
“I don’t believe you.”
"Who ask you? Open suit."
Piper wiped her face on her sleeve. “You’re not allowed? Or you’re incapable?”
“Jarvis cut it.”
"I'll just decide that," said Pepper.
“Aww, you two are so cute,” said Edith.
“What’s wrong, pumpkin?”
“This might sting,” he said.
He was likely one of the few to see him like this. Tony leaned against the edge of the couch. Smirking when the omega started softly snoring. Steve's eyelashes were long. He devoted several minutes to counting the delicate lashes. There were three hundred. Steve turned slightly in his sleep, causing the blanket to fall away, exposing his pale flawless skin. Tony couldn’t resist carding his fingers through that golden brown hair. It was so soft. Tony smiled when Steve began purring contently, releasing pleased pheromones. It took so much more to get Pepper purring like this.
Natasha grabbed his arm, spinning, and slammed him into the wall. He gasped, his side stinging.
"I want to take a blood sample before you go," said Edith.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” whimpered Piper over and over again in his arms. She pressed into Papa’s warmth. The fear and tension melting from her as she breathed in his familiar scent.
“Fuck, Steve! I know what this will do to you!”
She nibbled on the bacon, trying to savor the flavor. Lena never had given her bacon.
“Why are you doing this?” asked Tony.
“He’s fine he only passed out-
“No.”
The woman pulled up a chair and sat down a few feet away from the glass, completely calm and open, as if to say that this situation was perfectly normal. That pretense of normality scared Piper all the more. She tightly clutched Theodore’s pant leg.
“And these flying monkeys are from this movie?” asked Thor.
He couldn’t meet the alpha's gaze. Tony laughed.
“Fuck.”
“You don’t want me to go,” said Steve.
“Says the omega who willing pairs with a handicapped alpha. He’s nothing without his suit he’s nothing. Unplug his battery and he’s done,” said Kate.
"Okay," said Bruce. He strode through the grand entranceway. "What is this place?"
“No problem.”
He must be freaking out. She took a breath. As worried as she was about him, there was nothing she could currently do to get to him. She had to make do with what she had, and that was Rune.
"I'm figuring out which room will be the birthing room," said Steve.
“If I want to kill the bastard, I'll do it with my own hands." It wasn't an if scenario. When the chance came, he would kill the bastard who stole his daughter.
And for the most part she was fine walking holding Papa’s hand. When the got to less secure area she was uncomfortable with the amount of attention being focused on her. So much so that it made her uncomfortable. She kept her eyes down, trying to ignore them, but didn't fight it this time when Papa picked her up. She hid her face in his chest. Her muscles relaxed at his comforting scent. She couldn't resist her reaction to the smell. It was so ingrained in her as something safe.
"Keeping it in doesn't help."
She whined.
“Dose her again!” ordered Sir.
“I’m sorry for putting you through all that,” she said.
“It was an honor meeting you. My grandmother would kill to be here,” he said.
Steve froze, debating whether to give him a chance. He turned to face him, waiting for an explanation.
*****
“Answer.”
The only time she got junk cereal was when Papa was on a mission, and even then, it was rarely for breakfast. It was either lunch or dinner. Papa gave Daddy a scary look whenever he caught Daddy sneaking her sweets.
Piper reached out to touch it. Her fingers just went through the holographic image; it wasn't real. Winter was still there.
“He stole something precious from me.”
“Sorry,” said Bruce.
“They’re vintage. He’s very proud,” said Natasha.
"I normally have a lesson with Winter first.”
“I remember lots of stuff. Just not how this happened.”
"We can order in," suggested Tony.
“What did she mean by training?” asked Piper.
Steve peeled off his scent blockers. Tony's eyes widened when the scent of pregnancy added to Steve’s natural scent. He was going to be a dad! It explained everything. How strangely Steve had been acting. Why didn’t he put it together sooner? It was so obvious now.
“Yes.”
"Can we talk about something else. Like your time with Stark," he said.
“You didn’t."
“And once you’ve won. Once you’re king of the mountain what happens to his mind?” she asked, striding closer.
“Your turn in the shower,” he said.
“You’ve been assigned a task,” he said.
“Better than me," said Tony.
“You’re lying, Piper.” He’d barely caught it. It was worrying how much that skill had improved.
“How did you survive?” asked Steve. He tightened his grip on the alpha's hand, afraid he may slip through his fingers.
He wanted to see Tony, but he had to spend more time at S.H.I.E.L.D.
"That works for me," she said.
An image of the redhead appeared in front of him.
"I don't enjoy surprises, that's all."
With that Tony hung up. Rhodes had no idea how to process the conversation. There were many surprises in that one less than a minute conversation.
“Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it and his allies. It’s a signal to all the realms that the Earth is ready for a higher form of war,” said Thor.
“Thor’s taking down a squadron down on sixth,” said Clint.
She sniffled.
"I was about to tell Happy who I was and he thought I was pregnant. Then he told me his heart couldn’t take another pregnancy scare,” he said.
“Tony would never lay a hand on me,” he said.
“A few minutes maybe an hour,” she said.
“Tea,” offered Barny.
He leaned against the frame of the car, crowding her.
"A terrible thought," he said. Steve had already extended his time here. He would have to find an excuse to visit again.
“Tony,” whined Steve.
Winter went to the door, glancing back at the child. He wanted to stay. Winter leaned against the doorway waiting.
“I don’t wanna be with you.”
“I’ll be fine from here.”
Steve nodded. She printed two copies for them.
“As far as we know yes,” said Phil.
“Thank you. I’m sure I’ll figure them out.”
"Your cover stories. These should answer any possible question given."
"Babies come early all the time. If they don't believe that, we can use your biology as an excuse. I doubt anyone will notice," she said.
“I’m sorry, Papa.” Piper kissed him on the cheek. "I'll find a way to fix it. I promise. I don’t want you hurting.” She wanted to help him so badly. Papa was good. He didn't deserve to have such a problem. Papa hugged her bringing him close to his chest.
“It wasn’t your fault, Steve.”
Tony took a breath. It was difficult, almost impossible, for him to be the hopeful one. It wasn’t in his character. He was always a realist. Steve was the one capable of lifting a person’s spirit, and even in the most dreadful of situations giving them hope. He kissed Steve hoping it would bring a brief distraction. Steve pulled away.
Lena hesitated. She had yet to enter Piper into any form of combat in this state.
“Do you know who his boss was?”
"Better now."
The next day they got Piper ready for her first car trip.  Steve double-checked the diaper bag.
He positioned her hand properly. “Hold it tight. Your life depends on it.”
“Don’t care. Pepper is the CEO. They can talk to her,” said Tony.
“I might be able to handle cereal,” he said.
“I love you," repeated Steve. It was so unreal saying it. Tony brought him closer. "I owe you an explanation, Tony."
"Thanks," he said.
Steve nodded. Piper requests for her birthday were simple pizza, piñata, chocolate cake, and watching two of her favorite movies with all her friends. Nat, Rhodes, and Bruce were coming. Clint couldn't get away and Thor was in space. A flash of rainbow light crossed the sky, followed by the smell of smoke coming from the balcony.
“What’s on your mind?” asked Barny.
"We're almost there," said Tony.
“Set the board,” said Lena.
“A friend?” asked the guard.
"No problem. Tony is the same way," said Steve.
“The baby - what will it be like? Will it be affected by serum?” asked Steve.
“Go back to sleep,” whined Tony. His arms encircling Steve’s waist.
Steve handed her the brush. She handed it back when she was done.
“We have everything?” asked Tony.
"Do you think she'll be able to trust us again?"
“A Brazilian S.H.I.E.L.D. medical wing. Natasha and Clint brought you here,” said Tony.
“Shh, it’s okay, Piper,” hushed Steve.
“Playing innocent.”
Tony looked up at him. The alpha looked so defeated. Steve could ask for anything at this moment and Tony would comply. He was that desperate to make up for what he'd done.
Winter was brought to ground. Before he even had the chance to get up, the heel of a boot came crashing down on his head. A pack of alphas surrounded him, striking him from every angle. All he could do was curl into a ball, protecting his head.
“You’re procrastinating," said Tony.
“How can you say that?!”
Uncle Bruce was next to arrive. He wished her a happy birthday and handed her two newspaper wrapped gifts.
“You can let go, Theodore. I feel better now.”
Steve focused on the alpha’s command.
“Winter?”
“I never thought you the type be so easily kept”, she said.
He was sent crashing into his only undamaged car. Tony yanked the shield from his armor, shaking of impact. Steve stood in the doorway, scowling.
“I’m good,” said Steve.
“What is the extent of his injuries?” he asked.
“Fine,” she said, waving her hands in surrender.
“I’ll take that as my cue to leave. Steve, can you take over this?" asked Pepper. He moved in front of the holographic image of the tower.
Their den was destroyed and that was on him. They'd spent the majority of their time in Malibu, rarely visiting New York.
“What did you think?” asked Tony.
“Get dressed. Happy will be here soon get dressed,” said Steve.
Why was he reacting in such a way? The alpha took a seat in the chair across the table.
"Blow out the candles and make a wish," said Tony.
"Science team reporting."
“Official consulting hours are between five and eight every other Thursday,” said Tony.
“I think I’m done with legos for today," said Piper, getting up from the floor. "Jarvis, is Rune awake?"
These are actually real baby milestones for month one to three of life.
That wasn't a good thing. Sir blindfolded her before picking her up. She counted his steps and turns, but suspected he may be repeating his steps or taking unneeded turns to stop her from doing exactly what she was trying to do.
“Not a model miss I was an actor for a bit,” he said.
“There must be more important things for a man of your rank to be doing. I’d hate to take you away from something,” said Steve.
Tony looked up a blue line of energy shot toward the sky, creating a black hole. Creatures riding in chariots came flying down.
"Tony Stark in love."
Fury rubbed his temples. It should be a personal issue. Spy, assassin, fine, but matchmaker wasn’t skill widely available to him.
In an attempt to hurt her, Lena showed her hand. It stung and was crushing, but it gave Piper a location and that was something. Piper jumped down from the bed, carefully tiptoeing around the shards of broken glass scattered across the floor. Among the wreckage, she found a few markers. She went to the wall and started drawing.
. He carefully reached for a book leaning against her,
“What’s wrong?”
“I can feel you judging me, Jarvis. Spit it out,” said Tony.
“Why is he here?”
“Speak English,” said Steve.
“Baby girl,” he said.
“No,” said Piper softly.
“We’ve tried. There’s no handbook on treating a super soldier,” said Fury.
She desperately shook away the tears.
"You haven't eaten since breakfast," said Tony.
*****
“What?” said Lena.
Tony focused sharply turned to him.
"It isn't only lust, is it?"
Piper went to the lab. Parts of whatever Daddy was working on cluttered the worktables and floor, but the small square of space for Uncle Bruce was tidy. Uncle Bruce was asleep on the couch. There were dark circles under his eyes, and his face was all scruffy. His beard was white even though his hair was still pretty dark. All the adults were so exhausted. There was a thick report in his hand. The author was Helen Cho.
"Do you want to meet, Brucey?” asked Tony. The kid nervously shook his head. “That’s alright.”
He nodded. It was a ten-hour flight. The sooner it was finished the better. Hours later they landed. As soon as he got out he was hit a powerful dry heatwave. They landed in a small flat landed on small ledged that was barely able to fit the quinjet. Orange and brown cliff tops surrounded them. They would have to be careful. Dehydration could strike quickly with little warning if they didn’t watch out for it. They worked their way through dry landscape, each step kicking up dust.
