Sherlock justified, unable to escape the thought of John, sprawled out and still in a dirty alleyway, his abdomen branded with the letter H.
So John had gotten his way and was agreed to be the more acceptable choice. The safer choice. And then his voice had begun to sound distorted and slurred, the vowels blending together and tripping over the consonants, and Sherlock had
On a whim, Sherlock texts himself. Throughout the course of the past forty-five seconds, he has inexplicably developed the distinct impression that this man, this
But that wasn’t just it, that wasn’t the true extent of his misdeed. John held the paraphernalia of his army dalliance remarkably close to his heart. His medical equipment and the Sig were within reach, but his fatigues, his medallions, letters from the friends he had made during that time – they all had a place in the back of his wardrobe, and were kept under lock and key in his chest. Sherlock had had no right to invade such a place, for he had no standing in John’s heart. He was his friend
The phone is passed back to its rightful owner without eye contact, Sherlock resolving not to allow himself the luxury of openly staring at this wonderful anomaly any longer. John feels strangely as though he’s floating while a mousy woman slips past him to hand over a mug of steaming coffee.
John was in the thick of the dance floor, performing some approximation of dancing while in the embrace of a woman. Sherlock squinted to get a better look at her. She was even shorter than John and had cropped black hair. He glimpsed her features as John twirled her, the two laughing heartily, and discovered that she had a highly symmetrical face, with brown skin and almond-shaped eyes.
“You were incapacitated last night and I hadn’t the strength nor the resolve to carry you to your own room. Since I had no intention of sleeping myself, it seemed prudent to leave you here. No need to read into it.”
“You can have it back.” He cleared his throat against the raspiness that had developed there. “There’s nothing wrong with it apart from a little dust.”
But that went against every fibre of his being. If there was anywhere that he belonged, it was next to his best friend, protecting him as the familiar blaze of adrenaline surged through him.
Sitting down, Sherlock makes a hasty decision, one that is quite possibly bolder than any other he’s made in the last several years. He reminds himself that his phone is switched to silent before he takes an imperceptible breath inward and speaks.
He directs an indignant glare at her. “Apologies if the gossip you’ve been waiting all week for is dissatisfying to you, seeing as it’s just my predictable self-destruction.”
“I am,” he says softly, “an utterly ridiculous man.” His smile is twitchy and tight, aware of how fragile the moment is.
“Six months, my brother estimates. He’s never wrong.” The words are addressed to some strands of John’s hair that are sticking up a little at the crown of his head, fluttering nonchalantly in the breeze. He thinks distantly that it’s unusual for even this small portion of John’s hair to be anything but obediently neat.
“He’s over there.” She pointed to a spot on their left, careful not to make her gesture too obvious. “Like I said – occupied. I’m sure he’s still, er, on the case, though.”
“A lie is a terrible start to a relationship, Irene.” The admission is quiet and Irene picks up on its unspoken implications. “What if he comes to the flat and talks to Mrs. Hudson? What if he sits in on a lecture with me and sees my notebook? What if Mycroft –?”
“That’s enough.” Lestrade sounded tired already. “Now don’t be idiots and keep your eyes open in there, all of you.”
John was looking at him hopefully, an expression Sherlock didn’t entirely know what to make of. Was he eager to dance? To secure a minute away from him? To find a pretty woman and buy her a drink?
to make a soy latte with an extra shot. Whichever poor soul is behind the counter sounds as if they’re expending every ounce of their patience; their voice strains with hints of a kind of tired desperation while they attempt to confirm that what the customer actually wants is a long macchiato with soy. It’s a pointless endeavour, and Sherlock wonders why they’re bothering at all.
John considered telling the inspector what he no doubt already knew: that he was worried for his friend, for himself or for any other possible target that could be in that club right now. That his first instinct was to rush in and tell everyone inside to evacuate, to set off the emergency fire alarms if necessary.
On one occasion, a barista, having futilely asked him to repeat his name not once but twice more, simply writes
The noise John made in that instant was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard: more captivating than Mozart, more evocative than Tchaikovsky, more beautiful than Brahms.
He could remain focused without John; he had no other choice. Any wavering of his concentration in a situation such as this could be fatal.
“Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock turns at the neck to direct the full force of his stare onto John and is almost surprised at the blank expression on John’s face: appearing to be neither irritated nor stupid, he is simply processing – in a remarkably calm manner – the question and its implications about the man who asked it.
“His voice put me to sleep three Tuesday mornings in a row!” John’s eyes widen slightly in earnest, and Sherlock hastens to agree. The professor’s voice could rival a moralising minister for its degree of monotony. “I was actually excited for
John looked away, missing the slight and fleeting way that Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. He cleared his throat. “How did it happen, then?”
Sherlock took the bottle from him, grabbed John’s left hand and poured a small amount of conditioner into his palm. He nodded.
When John finally awoke, it was to a veritable assault on his senses. His mouth was parched beyond recognition, as though it had been rubbed raw, coated in glue, and desert sand had been sprinkled liberally onto every inch. Although his back was suspiciously lacking in the assorted aches he usually experienced after a fitful night’s sleep, his head was positively pounding, seeming ready to split open at the slightest movement. This was not alleviated by the insistent ringing of what John’s sleep-addled mind soon realised was a mobile phone.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to his flatmate’s Adam’s apple, tracking the telling bob of it in his throat as he swallowed heavily. Blindly, John reached one hand onto the floor beside them and retrieved the bottle.
Irene looks at him imploringly. “Sherlock, what would it matter? He wanted to go out with you and he did. He wouldn’t care about any of that shit.”
Instead, John wondered how Sherlock Holmes – arguably the most observant man in England – had yet to notice what had happened. He willed Sherlock to see him as he was, slouching where he sat, both of his hands holding things that weren’t his.
“And what’s wrong with the landline?” Mike sounds only peripherally interested, despite already wondering what exactly Sherlock is playing at.
“It’s not a particularly good one, rationally speaking, but I’ve always been fond of it,” he continues, shifting his bag. “It says that every name – every proper noun, I mean – picks out something of the essence of the thing it names. Not just etymologically speaking but– but intrinsically.”
“Uh,” the barista clears his throat, halfway between impatience and growing concern that this guy can’t seem to remember his own name. Is he having a stroke? “Gonna need a name with that, pal.”
“You always count yourself out before you’ve even given yourself a chance.” She narrows her eyes at him and cocks her head, effectively silencing his impending protests. “I’m sure you went on the date nervous and excited for the possibility of a
last night while working with you.” An involuntary sound of repentance emerged from the back of Sherlock’s throat, which caused John’s expression to soften some. “But I’m telling you plainly, Sherlock: there is nothing you could do that would drive me away from you for good.”
assessment of the previous crime scenes, but John had been drugged despite his not fitting the killer’s archetype. The previous victims had been tall, more lean than muscular, dark hair.
John had shot down the idea before Sherlock could even suggest it aloud, the determined set of his expression making it clear that this was not something on which a compromise could be reached. This was a matter of personal safety, and they both knew that in such circumstances, only one of them was right.
Sherlock looks away and John sees it all: sees the half-hearted, cloaked question, the yearning and the regret. He even sees the resigned request:
“Why do I even bother trying to blend in? If you wanted me to babysit, you should’ve invited me to –”
is kind of wack lol. Plato made some significant strides in argumentation, but dude got a lot of things pretty wrong. Regardless, I liked how this fit here, and I think it doesn’t have to be a correct theory to be meaningful, you know?
“Sherlock, by the way,” he offered eventually, prompted by some unknown urge. It was hard to know the length of time one could feasibly dance with a stranger in a club before it became a requisite that someone got a drink or went to the bathroom. Or they both left together.
John knows he can only perceive these things in Sherlock because he has known the man so closely for such an extended period of time. And, more than that –
“Alright, boss. We’ll be in touch.” Donovan tapped the earpiece attached to her for surveillance and started walking. She would be the link between the inspector and the interior of the club, as they had neither enough evidence for legal access to its security footage nor the blessing of the owner to view it.
Desperate attempts to convince himself that a name was just a name – not that important; he could have any name and it wouldn’t change who he was, really – failed remarkably. They gathered their things, having finally decided to split the bill, and exited the restaurant. The tinkle of the bell was cut off abruptly as the door shut behind them.
There was no escape, no way for Sherlock to downplay this with a roll of his eyes and a careful examination of his wristwatch. This was far beyond the level of invasion of privacy that John had grown tolerant of, instead veering dangerously into the uncertain territory of a momentous transgression that could cost Sherlock his best
The lapping of water and the obscene sounds vibrating from within Sherlock’s throat while he sucked John echoed in addictive harmony around the tiled room. John’s eyes slid shut. A hand rose to thread fingers through Sherlock’s hair. He held on for dear life as the man sent him crashing into ecstasy, obstinately ignoring the single, unambiguous tug on his curls.
They danced for a while. Sherlock observed her mostly out of the corner of his eyes, his gaze not straying too far from her face.
Breathe. How does one breathe? It seemed an impossible task, especially laying naked in a bathtub, still half-hard, locking eyes with your deadpan flatmate from across the room.
Even with the acrid scent of hurt and regret between them, Sherlock cannot help but stare at the beauty of the man before him.
“Good. You two, if you need help or think you’ve found them, signal Donovan and we’ll come running. Don’t want the place crowded with middle-aged men – it might generally cater to a slightly older demographic, but even that would look suspicious.” Lestrade gave them all a meaningful glance, the closest to a
He resisted the urge to close his eyes for a second’s reprieve from John’s piercing stare. That would be as good as admitting defeat. He just needed to
“If you’d like to take a seat, I’ll bring it out to you,” John says warmly, accepting his money before reaching for the milk pitcher.
The woman was gently relocated to Donovan’s grasp, who took charge in picking their collective way towards the exit. Sherlock watched the sergeant’s mouth move, delivering an explanation to Lestrade. Civilian safety was paramount.
A frown formed on his face as he spun around to the group she had been dancing with. “How drunk is she?”
John wonders quite wildly if this strange man has a microchip in his head, or possesses a google search engine in place of a brain. He immediately scolds himself for having had the idea, as the man before him is surely the most undeniably human creature he has ever come into contact with. Whether he proves to be a genius or a magician remains to be seen, but something tells John that no magician would appear so content to perform before such a small audience.
John doesn’t just offer token statements, either – a habit Mrs. Hudson gets into sometimes. As much as Sherlock loves her, there’s only so many times he can stand an
No, John made him stronger with the fiery intensity of a comrade found on the battlefield. Every time John muttered
His chest rises as he sucks in a lungful of sterilised air. He feels like crumpled balls of paper in an overflowing rubbish bin under a work desk; like frustrated fingers tugging through hair and ideas discarded and scribbled over for good measure.
Sherlock exhaled like he had temporarily forgotten how to breathe. He almost couldn’t believe how relatively well this awful situation had panned out. It seemed to finally sink in that John was staying. He was suspicious and hurt by the breach in trust, but he wouldn’t leave.
For an instant, John’s tongue darts out onto his pink bottom lip. Sherlock can feel his heart beating in his ears for every millisecond they hold eye contact.
Sherlock accepted the drink he offered and motioned to a lounging area slightly removed from the buzz of the main dance floor. Although the area was mostly populated by young couples – all, thankfully, still upright – it would provide a less overwhelming space for the two men to briefly assess their surroundings.
He looks down and Sherlock understands exactly how broken – how utterly shattered – he looks. He feels it too, in his very bones, feels every last shard of icy, bitter heartache.
Conversation had flowed like good wine. John spoke about how glad he was to get a job at the café, how much he enjoyed Molly’s company. It was a change from the long hours he spent studying on the ghostly upper levels of the library. Sherlock asked if he played sport; it seemed the kind of thing a man like John would like.
This is not the way he wants to leave the most important person in his life. John Watson deserves better than the first defensive, slightly nonsensical words that come out of his mouth. Perhaps the old metaphor is tired.
Sherlock stares at the collar on John’s coat. He notices lint, some stray hair fibres and a light scattering of dust. It hasn’t been washed in several weeks, remaining laid out on the chair in his bedroom due to its frequent use and his lack of spare time, between Mary, his shifts and preparing for the baby.
Despite having no obligation to leave his flat the next day – it being Saturday – and having actually planned to start a rather pressing biology essay, Sherlock finds himself pushing open the door to the cosy café in the early afternoon. John looks up and greets him with the most gorgeous smile he thinks he’s ever seen – it’s positively radiant, all easy charm and a carefree nature. He bets John doesn’t have to work at all to look that happy to see someone.
When he reopens them, he approaches the counter with a small intake of breath. John had appeared quite beautiful from where he was standing a moment ago, but the effect is magnified from closer up.
Sherlock asks too many questions, some simply to see John’s mouth screw to the side and his brow crease gently. He marvels at the openness with which John speaks, thinks, feels. Emotions dance together on his face as he talks, chasing each other around the corners of his lips and the space between his eyebrows, the crinkle of his nose and the movement of his eyes. Watching him think is heady, exhilarating; an intake of breath before the impending drop of a rollercoaster.
“He could’ve – researched me, asked around to see what I was like. It wouldn’t be hard if he had the right name.”
For all that he enjoys silence and solitude, he takes pleasure in being able to make an impression with something so simple as a name.
, will remain in his life for the foreseeable future, for better or for worse. It therefore seems only logical that Sherlock would very much like to have his phone number. The message reads simply:
Maybe he should have guessed that life is chaotic and messy and, despite Mycroft’s insistence on the contrary, just coincidental enough to cause pain if one is open to it. They signalled for their cheque, already arguing over who was going to pay it – “I asked you out, so I’m obliged to pay!” “Exactly, John. Your courage got us here so it’s my turn to do the gallant thing.” – when the waiter interrupted them.
They were all abandoned with increasing degrees of abruptness and disdain. A male carpenter approached Sherlock, with passably similar characteristics to those believed to be the killer’s. He was observed and likewise, quickly disregarded.
The people who next filled the role of Sherlock’s dance partners were not a blur, although they were brief acquaintances.
The mobile shimmers like a mirage as John passes it to him. It feels small in his grasp; he flicks the screen upwards to reveal the keypad. There is no passcode.
“You seem a bit rattled – on edge, maybe. I need to make sure you’re not distracted. This is dangerous.” His voice was firm.
Sherlock nods a final farewell before he leaves. He’s two streets away before the reality of John’s goodbye crosses his mind. His homebound stride comes to a stop as an expression of horror falls onto his face.
A thought occurs to him while he half-heartedly sifts through a cabinet in the sitting room of his mind palace, leafing through the events of the day.
“I was reading a paper the night before about Joseph Priestley. First name that came to mind,” he says simply.
Sherlock only had four initials, and although the killer’s modus operandi had escalated by becoming more violent, John didn’t think that they would extend their spree beyond the four-victim formula. That meant that tonight would denote the end of the chase, for better or for worse.
He often finds that at 6 a.m., baristas are only half awake themselves. The possibility of this rises almost exponentially in direct correlation to the increased proximity of the coffee shop to the university, and the decreasing age of the barista. The younger they are and the closer to the university, the more likely Sherlock will be forced to stand and wait far longer than necessary while a clueless barista calls out a name that holds no resemblance to his own.
She turned back to the man beside her, who appeared far more interested in her than the reverse, even from a distance. The thought made the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitch with mirth.
John made his way to his chair and sat down, trusting his feeling that this could continue for a while.
“It’s not that,” Sherlock says. “I’ve– I made a mistake and I didn’t know how to fix it so I sort of just –”
Sherlock stilled. John knew he’d said something very wrong but didn’t have the presence of mind to contemplate exactly which part it was. His flatmate rose to his feet, abandoning the bucket with the soft rattle of its handle, and finally turned toward him. From his privileged position looming over John, Sherlock directed a level gaze at him and said, “Well, if you’re offering.”
“John,” Sherlock said finally, tentatively, unwilling to shatter the peaceful moment but aware of the knowledge that he had to anyway.
“That proves the point, really,” Sherlock said sceptically. “If it’s been done before, why bother repeating the same tactics? They would lose the element of surprise. Anyway, we cannot be certain that I am the killer’s true target.”
No, this was certainly not a boundary, a wall or even a whole city between them, this gaping hole that surged with every passing moment of silence, threatening to tear apart the fabric of everything they had built together. Wider than the eye could see or the mind could grasp, immovable in its expanse – it was an ocean.
Priestley had a huge impact on chemistry and philosophy in the late 18th century. I’m not a chemist but, in simple terms, Priestley discovered that air was made up of multiple components that break down when heated, including oxygen. He had some admittedly funky terms and explanations for this, but when he told Lavoisier, Lavoisier got the chemical reasoning (more) correct and came up with “oxygen”. So Lavoisier generally gets the credit for “discovering oxygen”.
John tried not to compare the cold, limp cadaver he had seen in the alley to the woman she had been, alive and in torturous pain for the twenty or so seconds it would have taken for her torn lungs to exhaust their supply of air.
“We don’t know a thing about each other, I don’t know where we’re meeting – I don’t even know your name.”
Glancing once more at the rows of tarts, pastries and assorted confectionery behind the glass, Sherlock finally says, “I’ll have a chocolate chip croissant, thanks.”
“I mean I would’ve been disappointed but I really would’ve gotten over it if you just said the date was shit –”
He talks to the anatomy bust his mother bought him when he moved out for university. He talks to his reflection the morning of an exam, reciting facts and formulas until he can no longer see any trace of panic in his features. He talks to Mrs. Hudson in a way that makes her smile fondly over their plates of shortbread biscuits. He talks to Irene about how dull his calculus professor is and whichever girl she thinks is most not-dull at present. He even talks to himself in his own head – mostly about trivial things like how much milk he’s likely to need over the forthcoming week, or the probability that he might eventually obtain a sample of francium to experiment with in the twenty or so minutes before it decays into other elements.
Sherlock stared over at John in amazement, shocked to see his widened eyes and positively fierce expression. John had
At the same time, the way the all-consuming bass beat seemed to pulse through his very bones felt like revival, and watching the crowd of amateur dancers move as one being was akin to a renaissance painting. The immediate excess of sensory input made him recall not-unpleasant clubbing experiences of his university years.
John looks up at him with a beckoning smile and their fingertips don’t quite brush as Sherlock takes the cup by its saucer. There is a foam leaf swirling in the milk on top.
“Stop. Look at me,” Irene’s voice is calm now, instilled with some sudden clarity. He relents begrudgingly. “Tell me what happened next.”
John thinks for a moment. Decides it’s okay to ask, and okay if he doesn’t get an answer. “And why Joseph?”
“Er, Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you–?” John’s gaze drops to his feet as his shoes shuffle awkwardly, but he is interrupted by the sound of the door being pushed open with a sure hand. Inwardly, he’s grateful, as he wasn’t certain how the end of his sentence would have come out –
“It’s a little cold,” Sherlock starts, gazing intently at John’s shoulder before meeting his eyes. “I have a flat nearby.”
“Sherlock, why –” John looked like he was trying very, very hard to retain a semblance of calm. “– why the
John laughs – that melodic arc, entirely free of self-consciousness – and it eases the tension in Sherlock’s jaw.
John ran a hand over his sleep-worn face and glanced at the bedside table beside him. As if by some miracle, a glass of water and a small bottle of ibuprofen sat there, waiting to be noticed. He squinted at them, unsure whether he should blindly trust that Sherlock had had the foresight to provide such things. A cursory examination of the bottle and the contents within revealed that they were indeed the right pills. They slid delightfully smoothly down his throat.
Sherlock nodded, taking up his teacup. “The victim wasn’t heard screaming, even though the attack happened at around one thirty in the morning, relatively near the bustle of city nightlife. There was bruising around her mouth and jaw, as though she had been smothered non-fatally.”
Sherlock lamented internally. Then he spotted a bulging clutch hanging around her left wrist and begrudgingly allowed his hands to be brought to her waist from his position standing behind her.
His fingers appear a little stubby at first glance, although his knuckles protrude just slightly when he fists them around the handle of the milk pitcher, giving the brief impression of length. Hair falls over his forehead when he bends to tamp coffee into the portafilter, but Sherlock still notices the bright, intense focus in his eyes. John is careful and sure in his every movement. Sherlock feels like he shouldn’t be so fascinated by the process – after all, he’s not performing a ballet number, he’s just making a cappuccino. But the fluidity with which John moves and the care that he exerts in such a task is startling.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says, seemingly out of the blue. He loathes to think that his determined avoidance could have prevented that from ever happening again. Could’ve meant they never even
“Irene Adler, I am not a shy twelve-year-old who needs to learn how to make friends and ‘branch out’,” he interrupts her curtly. “If you’ll recall, that’s never worked too well for me.”
Sherlock jumps when a voice sounds next to him, accidentally scribbling over half the page in his workbook. He glances up to see ocean-blue eyes gazing into his own and momentarily forgets to exhale.
“Mate, you must have the wrong guy. I don’t know who the hell Sherlock is and aside from that, Joseph is excellent company. It’d be great if you left us the cheque and stopped insulting people you don’t know, thanks.”
“I know you’re an army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic, more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid.” John shifts, follows Sherlock’s gaze down to his leg. Sherlock almost feels remorse for the provoked discomfort. “That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
Sherlock should know by now that when something sounds too good to be true, it probably is. John was one of the best things to ever happen to him — if not the best thing — but he was still human. Even he had limits.
After sitting for long enough that his breathing has stabilised and his neck starts to ache, Sherlock decides that he really should go home. He takes a moment to soak in the rustle of worn pages and students adjusting themselves in uncomfortable chairs as they settle in for a long night of cramming. His footfalls echo in the stairwell.
“Nothing. Do you have anything or can I go back to pretending to care about a man’s problems? Oh, wait.” For once, although Donovan’s smile was plainly humorous, it was without malice.
They stare at each other while the tension between them settles, trying to reach some silent equilibrium. They don’t often engage in such personal discussions – certainly not when Sherlock is in the sharing position – and Sherlock isn’t prone to unexpected outbursts when they do. He exhales loudly.
Sherlock nodded meekly, collected his phone and left the room, hesitating for just a moment before gently shutting the door.
Sherlock bends to tap his student card, then walks through the automatic doors, tucking the card back into his pocket.
Despite Irene’s input and generally uncharacteristic encouragement, something in Sherlock rebels at the prospect of seeing John again. It’s as if their immediate magnetism has been reversed, the incident with the waiter having tampered with Sherlock’s internal polarity.
Sometimes Sherlock sticks to one name for several weeks until he tires of it, but more often than not, they’re only fleeting dalliances. He can never bring himself to become overly attached to any of them: whether Bradley, Peter, Robert, Colin, or any of the other easily arranged, common signifiers of people, he thinks that none of them quite suit him enough for comfort.
A primary school teacher, lacking the physical strength to have been the murderer, had her divorce finalised that day; her only current intention was to become inebriated and find someone to sleep with. A veterinarian celebrating her sister’s birthday, not a frequent visitor at these kinds of establishments, had a criminal record, so DNA from the hair samples would have found a match in the police database. A nurse-in-training was on exchange from America and had only arrived in the last 24 hours. An automobile mechanic, with insufficient height to be their culprit, was spending a weekend away from her three children.
He wouldn’t have thought anything of it if he hadn’t memorised every sparkling cadence of that voice.
“Of course I’m bloody coming, I’m not letting you go alone.” In spite of his words, John’s countenance had also relaxed slightly.
Unlike the push and pull, ebb and flow of waltzing, in dancing there are no rules besides those you construct yourself, no squares but those you fight for with elbows and sheer determination. This dancing was freedom.
The automatic doors open behind them as a student exits the library and, with a jolt, Sherlock steps back just far enough that both of their hands fall beside them. He clears his throat but John remains unbothered, simply waiting, watching for any clue as to the particular neurons firing behind Sherlock’s eyes.
In his horrified and bewildered state, all Sherlock can do is smile. It’s a tiny, fragile thing, and John realises that it’s the mark of someone who’s used to having their most pessimistic expectations of a certain situation be justified – up until now. He’d seen it on Harry’s face the day he ran after her and told her he’d always love her, right after their father had thrown her out of their house.
“This is an old friend of mine, John Watson.” His pointing the man out is completely unnecessary, but Sherlock hardly even registers it, attention fixed elsewhere.
John will be surely a great father: he is loving and affectionate, patient and forgiving, emotionally strong and a natural carer. He will be an exceptional father and Sherlock will not be around to witness it. Sherlock might not even
Sherlock learns about the grey ball of a cat John had named Leon as a child. His father declared that he wouldn’t allow any celebrity or character names to be given to it, since he hoped a nice, normal name would incline the cat to be a nice, normal pet. The paradigm of familial respect, John neglected to inform his father the name was inspired by John Lennon. He learns John has a sister Harry whom he clearly loves very much – obvious from the sparkle in his eyes when he recounts how she’d pushed him out of a tree when they were kids. She’d signed his cast in capital letters spelling out
“You are worthy of happiness and affection. This didn’t happen by mere chance or coincidence. He chose
A compact and tasselled brown handbag hung from a long strap that was strung across the woman’s torso, and her hair was bleached with pink, blue, red and probably some other shades, too – it was difficult to tell in this light. Sherlock immediately knew she wasn’t who he was looking for, from her bitten nails, unsteady movements and the dreamy, childlike grin that adorned her face. Not to mention that she was much too short, and far more lacking in control of her motor skills than a violent murderer would be in this situation.
John nodded thoughtfully as if turning the words over in his mind, holding them up to the light for consideration. “Good,” he settled on. “That’s a start.”
As soon as the perfectly measured words are free from his mouth, Sherlock’s throat feels like it closes. He concentrates on trying to settle his uneasy stomach, purposefully averting his gaze in an attempt to assist the effort.
In an effort to distract himself from the feeling of impending disaster, he looks down at the paper bag he’s been clutching absentmindedly, sliding the croissant towards its opening to take a bite. It’s only then that he notices the writing on the other side of the bag.
With end-of-semester exams rapidly approaching, Irene thankfully neglects to mention the John situation following their initial debriefing. Or maybe she just knows that any further prodding will be useless and only serve to frustrate them both: once aware of his options, Sherlock is best left to reach his own conclusions, especially in matters of feeling.
He watches John return with a fresh coffee and it crosses his mind that he’d like to know what this man’s lips taste like.
“You look too much like my – cousin!” Sherlock exclaimed hurriedly, rushing to extricate himself from the uncomfortable situation. He ducked out from her hands and bestowed a concentrated, firm shove onto her upper back.
There is a number written in endearingly untidy scrawl – undoubtedly John’s. The words that accompany it read:
Apparently, John understood. He nodded and placed his free hand on Sherlock’s lower back while they made their way over, the gesture more one of reassurance than of guiding.
Sherlock continued as if he hadn’t heard him and John suspected that he hadn’t. “There is also the location: inner city, crowded bars and clubs, with the attack occurring in a back alley or neighbouring side street. All three have had fire-related names.”
He had not at all, not in the slightest, anticipated that while he engulfed himself in the steam and the gentle caress of near-scalding water, stroking himself leisurely, said friend would stride unceremoniously into the room. With barely a glance at him, Sherlock made a beeline for a medium-sized red bucket resting on the floor beside the vanity, while John splashed about, spluttering ill-formed sentences and cut-off words in an attempt to communicate his outrage at this unexpected turn of events.
all along, of course, but surely he also knows Sherlock would never tell the object of his affections that the man occupies such a position in his life. Maybe Mycroft even understands why.
There’s a stupid smile fighting to break out on his face but he can’t really bring himself to care because John’s smiling, too. “Yes, thank you.”
John watched with fascination as the tension seemed to simply seep out of Sherlock while the detective sighed. His free hand came up from beside him, his fingertips sliding over the bridge of his nose before pausing over his closed eyelids.
“I know, just – please. I love you, Sherlock Holmes. Since the very first moment. And I always will.”
He can hear the wind swirling dust and crumpled leaves around them, hear foot traffic and cars in the distance. The automatic door opening behind them. John’s breathing.
“You’re saying he was … interested in me?” John said slowly. He cursed himself for his childlike tone, as if he had just been told a long-held secret of the universe.
Sherlock tries to make a hasty yet gracious exit in the wake of his deductions, but logic stalls him, bringing him to lean around the door and back into the room.
Sherlock gingerly lowered himself on to the edge of his own bed, to which his friend responded with raised eyebrows. Finally, Sherlock relented, shuffling over until his outstretched legs rested beside John and his teacup sat atop his thighs.
Note the rating and tag changes. This chapter is heavy on exposition and does go into detail about some (fictional, but still pretty gruesome) acts of murder. Please be wary if that isn't your cup of tea.
“Frankly, John,” Sherlock started, to John’s increasing dismay, “it’s not anything I haven’t heard before. Or seen, to some degree, for that matter.” He added the last part almost as an afterthought, his eyes narrowing as if recalling some vague memory of walking into the bathroom unannounced or of John exiting it with his towel not fastened safely enough around him. John wanted the tiles to swallow him up. “Besides, it’s not as though I have any interest in watching.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, turning away from her. The scowl on his face betrays the fact he doesn’t understand what she sees that he can’t.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” Sherlock said, his voice a mixture of distaste at the name and satisfaction at finding the answer. John suspected that he was at least a little pleased at the killer’s modus operandi revolving around him, as well.
“To the very best of times, John,” Sherlock whispers into the love of his life’s ear. Then he releases him, turns, and – with a nod to his brother, their earlier conversation fresh in his mind – boards a plane that will ensure he never sees John Watson again.
Sherlock only blinked for a moment, then abruptly bounded to his feet, collecting the remnants of their meal. John glanced warily toward him when he halted in the doorway. Although his back was turned, John sensed a certain slyness is his stance.
Bracing himself on one side of the tub – he didn’t yet trust the solidity of his knees – John leant forward and licked a daring stripe up the other man’s neck, followed by an array of kisses dotted across it. Judging by the moan that erupted from Sherlock’s mouth, the sentiment was well received.
“Hard to tell how exactly it was done.” Sherlock silently rejoiced in the conversation’s return to the realm of logos and murder. “The most probable method was the use of a blow torch.”
“Yes, I – Yes.” Sherlock steeled himself and nodded. Unable to continue looking at the concern on her face, he returned to his search. “Have you seen John?”
In response to raised eyebrows, John’s hands found the bottom of the tub and propelled himself to one end in a single fluid movement. He had no idea what he was doing; all he knew was that he was aching for release, and the frustratingly attractive man he lived with looked ready and willing to assist him.
“Should I?” John was thinking of tea and porridge, of flowery perfumes and the shade of pink Sherlock’s lips turned when he was outside for extended periods in winter, and of the sweet, sweet release of death.
He leant into John and spoke quickly, “We’ll separate and dance with women. Remain vigilant and don’t have any more to drink.” The look he levelled at his friend wasn’t accusatory, but was firm nonetheless, the events of the previous night heavy in his mind. At an establishment as cramped and overflowing as this, it would be next to impossible to reach John and transport him to safety as quickly as he had done then.
“Maybe it says something about me and how – how fucking self-destructive I am, that I’m willing to stay with you despite things like this. Not to mention the fact that I was
Sherlock strides down the corridor, takes the first left in the opposite direction of the exit, a subsequent right, and then stops. He glances back behind him before leaning against a wall, suddenly feeling the need to catch his breath.
The small rectangular photograph depicted a young John, seeming tall by way of comparison, as he stood with his arms wrapped tightly around a smiling Harry Watson and a woman who could have only been their mother. John was wearing his military uniform, clearly just home from his first tour.
Several excruciatingly long minutes later, Sherlock had concluded with absolute certainty that this woman was not the murderer. She had executed a surprising number of dance moves, all apparently in an effort to appear desirable, and most with the horrifying aim of either groping him or grinding on him. Despite her lack of a purse, he had considered it worth investigating her further; the height of her boots could have served as a potential place to stash a weapon.
“It’s time-sensitive, so naturally, I had set an alarm on my phone. Really –” Sherlock extracted what looked like a toothpick, a butter knife, some tweezers and a small glass vial from the pockets of his ratty pyjama bottoms, and placed each gently on the floor. “– you should be thanking me.”
“Oh. I was 11, starting secondary school.” Sherlock purses his lips for a moment, but his eyes remain bright. “It certainly felt like reinvention at the time.”
He looks away, and when his gaze returns, the other man is suddenly unable to look at him. John turns this way and that, hands clasped behind him. Does he really want this exchange to be over already?
Now, he realised, staring at John’s hands, there was more than just a boundary that could be ignored.
“No problem. Any sugar?” John glances up with a hint of a grin forming. Not the fake, just-smile-through-the-pain-Watson expression he uses to remind himself that he needs this job, but a sincere one.
He ended the call, finally opening his eyes and spinning to find John seated before him. Sherlock spent a moment keenly observing John’s appearance as a whole, picking out the subtle differences he had opted for in order to blend in as much as he could within the younger demographic of their intended destination.
; of all the people he had met while on cases who hadn’t known of him by anything else but Sherlock Holmes’ blogger.
Sherlock rolled his eyes out of exasperation. When he spoke, it was to the ceiling, the pale column of his alabaster neck made strikingly visible to his companion. “I didn’t realise at the time. I gathered enough information about my surroundings for further examination when I collected you from the bar.” John scowled at the word ‘collected’ but remained silent. “The bartender was nearing the end of his shift – obvious from the frequency, even in the short period I was in there, that he glanced at his watch and the relief on his face when he did so. He was also intensely –
as his given name, he feels that he’s lived up to it – perhaps grown into it somehow. He loves how it rolls off his tongue, flowing easily into the often-adjacent Holmes. He revels in the way it makes professors raise an eyebrow, strangers cock their heads to one side in curiosity or confusion, classmates momentarily lift their chins with a sceptical eye.
“Yes. Stunningly simple, yet immensely effective – something made plain by Scotland Yard having seen exactly what they wanted to see. Anyone connected to Moriarty would never concern themselves with crimes so proportionately irrelevant.”
He turned and began to stride once more to the bar, pulling the distracted woman along behind him by a death-grip on her wrist. Donovan met him there.
The pleasant smile slipped from his face as soon as he had turned away from her. He moved a small distance in the general direction of the bar before taking a sharp left and hurrying along, wishing for the crowd to swallow him and, for once, cursing his distinctly tall frame.
Is it worth sullying all they have and all they could have been, purely for the benefit of his own selfishness?
Gone were John’s beloved cardigans, oatmeal-coloured jumpers and respectable trousers. In their place were a simple white t-shirt and dark wash denim jeans, the latter of which Sherlock thought made the blue of his eyes even more prominent.
Hoping this won’t be a daily occurrence, John wonders if it’s simply the case that this tantalisingly gorgeous man is easily frightened by social interaction. Maybe the first name was too much. He looks down and readjusts the cup in his grip to give the man a moment to collect himself.
“Sherlock, I swear to god,” John said through gritted teeth, his voice deciding to sound a little choked for good measure. “Either help me or get out, I don’t give a fuck, but please,
The woman’s mouth moved again, presumably returning the favour of supplying her name. Her smile was somewhere between amused and oddly knowing. As she had declined to lean even a little towards him, her words were once again indistinct, even to Sherlock’s exceptional hearing abilities.
“This is so – this is ridiculous, you know that right?” He’s addressing his shoes and Sherlock doesn’t know what to make of it. He can’t tell if John’s tone is closed off and cold, or understanding and giving him the benefit of the doubt.
Sherlock nodded and turned to the insistent woman. Thankfully, she seemed to think nothing strange of the mens’ interaction. He had hoped that if he acted casual, angled his lower body away from John and neglected to touch his chest, then the woman would conclude that they were merely friends, attending a club with the intention of finding each other suitable women to go home with.
“It’s not just my name,” he continues quietly. “It’s everything that goes along with it. The pomp and circumstance –” He makes verbal quotation marks around the phrase. “– of Sherlock the freak, who somehow bribes his way out of assigned group tasks because he prefers to work alone; who stays late in the chemistry labs because he’s trying to build an atomic bomb –”
. He marvels with an open mouth over the deductions that led Sherlock to uncover his field of study. He asks which essay he’s working on, and follows with specific, directed questions that Irene would never care for. For some reason quite beyond him, Sherlock realises John is interested to know more about him, even if it means John makes himself recall the boring essay topics he probably wrote on and mentally discarded two years ago.
Unrelated note: if I saw Sherlock out at a club, I would absolutely be that woman who stares and basically drools over him, but is unable to speak in his presence.
“For the last time, if you could factor it into the limited amount of knowledge your level of intelligence allows you to retain at any given time –” Sherlock ground out, though was apparently cut off.
Sherlock rises from his seat and glances at Mike as he makes his way over. Catching himself tugging slightly at his left blazer sleeve, he is glad for the distraction Mike’s voice gives him – it functions as an anchor into the situation that he can
Just as he began to determine the best way to get away from the woman without causing a scene, she moved her neck aside in the same swift movement as her hands rose to grip the nape of his own. He had barely enough time to register what was happening, as she pulled his head down towards her newly-exposed jugular. With a sharp inhale of heavy, oxygen-deprived air, he realised that she was trying to force him to kiss her.
The detective turned absentmindedly to a woman with a soft smile and unassuming eyes, stepping just barely into her personal space – just enough to capture and hold her attention. A slight sheen of sweat adorned her hairline, but the woman’s breathing was regulated as if she were home seated in her living room, doing something so subdued as observing the frivolity of evening television.
When he reaches the ground floor, Sherlock is already formulating the fastest route back to his flat that does not pass within two blocks of John’s café. Because it is, in fact,
Once again, Sherlock half-rolled his eyes. “Don’t be absurd, it’s never twins. It’s also mathematically impossible for four people to be twins.”
All too soon, he was positively accosted by a woman who was only just shorter than himself, with cropped, peroxide blonde hair. She took hold of his wrist, raising it high enough to spin herself closer to him.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” He smiles something huge that could too easily be misconstrued as sardonic and regrets it with the startling immediacy of a punch to the stomach.
the note ended, with two dashed x’s. He hadn’t had the time, of course. Without Mrs. Hudson’s deft hands pressing a lightly buttered slice of toast into his grasp of a morning, eighteenth century chemistry papers are always given his full attention, right up until the last possible moment. He’d left just in time to step into the right pair of shoes and remember to lock the front door.
John had looked utterly dashing, dressed apparently casually but for semi-smart shoes and a touch of a smoky cologne. They looked like two teenagers on their first ever date, hardly able to hide their grins as they sat opposite one another.
It had felt like more than that, though. Surely that expression in his whirlpool eyes isn’t freely given to every stranger John looks at. Is it possible for one person to have that much feeling inside of them, that much of a kind, genial nature readily shareable, seeping out to anoint anyone who those eyes make contact with?
The past few weeks had been particularly restrictive on his more primitive urges, as a slew of unexpectedly baffling, dramatic cases had been brought to Sherlock’s attention and were apparently deemed worthy of his intellect. Ever a faithful assistant and friend, John had followed, questioning and rethinking, nudging Sherlock towards the occasional bite of toast or cup of tea.
A while later, the bedroom door opened. This was followed by the appearance of a tray bearing two cups of tea and a plate with several pieces of toast and, finally, the reappearance of the man holding it.
The ride was quiet, both men feeling all too acutely the weight of their failed stakeout the night prior and their argument earlier in the day. John tried to push away his hurt, his concern for his friend’s safety, his horror at the abject violence of the killer’s previous three murders and the sense of nakedness he felt in his current attire. He focused on the adrenaline beginning to course in his veins, trying to allow it to fill him up and wash away his doubts.
Ignoring the guilt pounding in his head, he addressed the waiter, whom he vaguely recognised from a class the previous semester. “Indeed, I’ve no idea what you’re talking about. The cheque, if you please.”
When they found a half-vacant lounge to sit on – blatantly ignoring the snogging couple intertwined at the other end – the two men were silent for a while, sipping their drinks and observing. Donovan made eye contact with them from her place near the bar and inclined her head in a marginal way.
“Did you say she volunteered?” John struggled to keep the surprise out of his voice. He saw that Sherlock looked more bored than especially bothered, surveying his surroundings and only half listening.
, John, don’t you see?” Sherlock leant forward without warning, his eyes widening, allowing John a glimpse of his trademark manic energy. “It may be to get our attention, but don’t mistake that for meaning I am ultimately the intended victim.”
were drugged – that makes no sense and doesn’t fit the pattern. It frustrates me to no end, I assure you, but –”
Sherlock lowers his chin and looks at John. This man, whom he’s only just met but he feels some kind of pull towards, some desire to expend a little more effort than usual, some need to impress.
“One,” Sherlock somehow gets out. Maybe the daily sugar hit isn’t doing his brain function any favours. At least today he has the correct money ready before it’s requested.
A grin spreads across Sherlock’s face before he can reign it in. He feels his eyes crinkle at the corners with the sincerity of it.
If a particular course of action is recommended to him one too many times, he has a habit of purposefully doing the exact opposite out of pure stubbornness. Mycroft hates it; he calls it spite, says Sherlock is unappreciative of how much his older brother cares about him. Sherlock always retorts that Mycroft should learn to stop flattering himself by taking his behaviour so personally.
The barista nods in response, bagging one before taking the appropriate sum. “Maybe you’re secretly a sweet
He had not only trespassed into John’s bedroom and taken something he prized immensely, he had been an intruder into John’s heart, somewhere he certainly didn’t belong.
“The bartender! It was the bartender. Are you satisfied?” John couldn’t understand why Sherlock looked so annoyed. It wasn’t like
It hadn’t felt like Molly was trying to ask him out. He’s pretty sure he has experience enough, from the outrageously blatant to the most ambiguous, in being able to discern when
He leaned over once more to return the phone to its rightful place and something in the drawer caught his attention, a corner of it peeking out beneath a hoard of paper and miscellaneous items. Without thinking too deeply or considering whether he really wanted to know if it was what his affected brain had suspected, he reached in and grabbed it.
Sherlock can’t breathe. He prides himself on self-control, but for the first time since he was a very small child, he doesn’t want to speak for fear that he’ll start crying.
Suddenly Sherlock is no longer worried about getting ill in the cold, about exams, Irene, or his posh name.
If John had been paying attention to vocal inflection and facial expressions and body language and all the things that Sherlock prided himself on his ability to notice, he would have been tempted to try to understand why his friend sounded so dismissive. That was usually John’s job description: understand and act accordingly.
. His responsiveness stimulates further thought in a way Sherlock has been trying to achieve with his bust for months.
Sherlock grabs his food and turns to leave, though his progress is halted by Molly’s voice. “By the way, Joseph –” He turns to catch an amused glint in her eye. “– we’re usually pretty quiet after the lunch rush, from around 3 ’til close. And the only afternoons I work are Monday and Friday. Just in case you – uh – wanted a chat.” She clears her throat in a pointed manner, wishing him a good afternoon with a little smile.
Sherlock glances skyward, before dropping his head until it hangs heavy on his neck. “We went to dinner at that dumpling place – the one with the red and gold streamers in the window?”
It’s not worth it, he decides. This, however – this silly wit is worth both the breath in every syllable and the clenching of his chest that results from the effort it takes to meet John’s eyes when he says it.
“I’m not sure if you’re more of a sweet or a savoury guy, but the croissants are a crowd favourite.” Then she leans in, like a child sharing a well-guarded secret, and mutters in an undertone: “I’d advise against the mint chocolate cupcakes, though. People say they have an odd aftertaste and I’m inclined to agree.”
He doesn’t know when exactly it happened, but Sherlock knows: he’s already gone. This person is practically a stranger and they’ve yet to exchange a proper conversation, but Sherlock knows this to be true with the same frank conviction that he knows he can recall the atomic mass of each element in the periodic table to three decimal places. (Four, on good days.)
Why does a predominantly theory-based stream of study impress you?” The words are out of Sherlock’s mouth before he can stop himself, his brow naturally furrowing in confusion. His brain immediately responds with
After too many mornings of misunderstandings, misspellings, mispronunciations, and an overall increase in Sherlock’s misanthropic tendencies, he finally resigns himself to giving a false name.
A spark of warmth flared in Sherlock’s chest at the realisation that his mostly unfounded hunch had been right – John had been the captain of his high-school rugby team – and at the accompanying mental flash of what he might look like playing.
“Not much further,” Sherlock says after a moment, realising they are in fact, quite close to his flat.
The girl stumbled once more, lurching so rapidly in Sherlock’s direction that he was forced to catch hold of her wrists before they both tumbled. Was she really that intoxicated?
Irene drops her bag and slides over next to him on the bench, coming to a stop a little too close for comfort. It’s a ploy, he knows from experience. She enjoys intruding into another’s personal space in an attempt to put them off guard, making them more likely to answer prodding questions without sufficient forethought. It doesn’t usually have much success with Sherlock, and her resorting to such a move speaks volumes about how much she feels he’s keeping from her about the issue at hand.
Then he surprises Sherlock with a fervent remark that Professor Byrne – Sherlock’s ecology professor, who taught pharmacology subjects for a grand total of three semesters – has an extraordinary gift for making any possibly-interesting subject an absolute bore.
It wouldn’t be such a bother, really, if baristas were capable of using their brains – or, more accurately, their ears. How difficult is
John knows it’s not worth mentioning, certainly not now. Not when there’s the much more interesting option of –
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street.” He adds a called, “Afternoon,” in farewell to Mike before swinging himself around the door and outside.
“Very well, then,” Sherlock said, sounding resigned. “Yes, of course he’s coming. I’m sure he’s adequately rested. We’ll meet you there.”
When Sherlock reached his climax, he slumped forward, his hands reaching out to soften his fall and landing upon John’s chest. His forehead came to rest on a shoulder, and he absently registered arms loosely wrapping around him as his eyelids fluttered shut. There they remained for a time, while the bath water rapidly cooled, clutching each other in an unexpected moment of closeness that somehow felt far more intimate than the act they had just engaged in.
John looks so earnest, so kind, still seeing the best in him despite his total lack of communication. “I thought we had a good time and then you didn’t reply to my texts and I guessed you’d changed your mind. Which is fine!” he hastens to add. “But then you stopped coming in to the café too and I thought – have I done something wrong?”
A weak chuckle, eyes averted. Sherlock feels the urge to reach out and raise John’s chin just so he could see the amused twinkle in his eyes, however faint it might shine at the present moment.
A quiet beat passes in which Sherlock blissfully relives the feeling of John’s lips on his, John’s scent filling his nose, John’s hands holding him, one on his cheek and the other on his bicep. One perfectly simple moment where his attention had distilled down to a single point and everything was
He wakes, as he does too often for it to be labelled infrequent, with an aching neck and textbook crease marks on his cheek, to the sound of his ungodly shrill third alarm. Stumbling to the sound, he switches off the alarm clock and stands clutching his head for a few moments, fingertips blocking all light from entering his vision. Then he goes in search of his phone.
The problem is all far more trouble than it’s worth. After all, what’s in a name, really? Sherlock relents, wondering if he’s being foolish: does it matter as much to his logical mind – with respect to his desire for efficiency in all social interactions – as it does to his prideful heart?
“There’s a theory,” Sherlock says calmly, as if resuming an existing conversation, despite their silence until this point.
“Too close an encounter. I’m fine now.” As he spoke, Sherlock turned slightly away from the sergeant, gaze roving over the crowd.
John beams, a lovely, divine thing that starts in the slightest crinkle of his nose and ends with the glimmer in his eyes. Sherlock can feel himself smile too.
John laughs. To Sherlock's utter amazement, it’s a laugh of joy and delight, however bemused it may be. It doesn't hold a trace of disdain.
John could sense the man in question rolling his eyes, even if he couldn’t see the movement. Sherlock only considered it necessary to turn his neck ninety-degrees rather than his whole body, so he was merely half-facing his flatmate. He still clutched the odd bucket in his grip.
“You look like shit, darling,” she greets him. He’s seated on a bench overlooking a very muddied campus lawn. The morning is gloomy and grey, still recovering from the previous evening’s heavy downpour.
“My calculus professor has the same effect,” Sherlock says, his tone knowing. “I appreciate mathematics as an art form with its own brand of inherent beauty, and I’ve always had a particular predilection for calculus. But Copeland’s vector calculus class is –” His eyes slip shut for a moment as he shakes his head. “– a tragedy of Shakespearean proportions.”
Sherlock cannot help himself from glancing back at this whirlwind of vibrant intrigue, clad in an unassuming checked button-up and a grey coat. His mind cycles through perceived details and subsequent deductions with such rapidity that he forces himself to focus once again on the petri dish.
Somehow, that particular idea never flusters the woman. She always makes some retort about how it isn’t the raw material – the data – that matters, but the way one uses it. That always draws a snort out of Sherlock.
Sherlock averted his gaze towards the periodic table hanging on the wall before clearing his throat, his eyes coming to rest on the bedsheets. “John,” he said softly, almost pleading, “the case.”
He’d been so nervous beforehand, he remembers. More nervous than when he was nine years old and Mycroft pulled him aside one morning to tell him he was bringing a guest home, and Sherlock wasn’t to make a fuss about it. Sherlock had sat through dinner, barely able to touch his ragu, feeling his every muscle vibrate. He’d found himself torn between the desire to appease Mycroft, to impress him with his restraint, and the reverberating knowledge that this was
John was holding a photograph. A little torn and weathered with age, like it had been kept in a wallet or a back pocket at some point. It was an old Polaroid, undated but for the caption:
John is confused. Sherlock loves when this happens because it’s often a precursor to his being impressed.
The pair of them had seemed happy sitting across from one another. Boisterously, unselfconsciously happy. Sherlock spent the whole night enthralled, forgetting all the times he’d been told that the way he made eye contact was too intense and made people uncomfortable. Forgetting to hold back. He stared openly, drinking in as much of this wonder as he could. He forgot to analyse his movements in a way that would have a calculated positive effect, instead finding himself giggling loudly and offering John some of his food. A tiny drip of sauce slopped down his chin and he didn’t notice until John leant in and swiped at it with the corner of his serviette.
After one too many awful cups of tea, Sherlock had long ago resolved never to order the beverage, even at specialty cafés. The only hands other than his own that he’ll accept it from are Mrs. Hudson’s and his mother’s.
John hides his smile while Sherlock shoulders his messenger bag, then he takes his other hand without looking. Their hands fit together like they’ve done this a million times and they fall into an easy stride, warmth sparking where their arms brush.
John appreciated the concern. The fact it was coming from the position of both a friend and an officer of the law meant that Lestrade definitely had John’s best interests at heart. He wouldn’t hold it against him if he simply said,
Sherlock’s eyes linger on John, mesmerised once more by the simple processes and how very not-simple they seem when performed by this particular barista. He’s almost disappointed when he realises his coffee is ready.
He finds himself completely entranced by this wonderful man, who actually invites questions, as eager to give knowledge as to absorb it.
“So here we are,” John says when they’re alone, and Sherlock already hates the way the conversation will play out. The air between them feels awkward and strained, and he
John stares blankly for a moment, then cocks his head to the side and looks Sherlock dead in the eyes. His voice is controlled but his eyes are blazing. “What? You didn’t mean to go out with me and have a good time? You’re dating someone else? You’re not actually into guys? What is it?” He takes a step in, his voice rising. “‘Cause I’ve been wracking my brain and I don’t know what I could’ve
When the barista retreats to the counter, Sherlock looks around and realises there are only a few remaining customers in the café. The clear afternoon has become hazy dusk, and streetlights outside have come to life while he's studied idly.
“Sherlock?” Sherlock’s stomach dropped at the mention of his name. “Never thought I’d see you here, let alone with company,” the man gave a quiet laugh through his nose, his mouth twisting in a way that made Sherlock angry, even if his face remained neutral. “How’d you swing that? Pay him something grand?”
“Joseph.” He swallows, finally looking away and down to his wallet. It’s trembling; so are his hands. He flexes them into fists for just a moment, before extracting the exact amount with swift precision. A practiced-and-perfected movement, unlike the rest of this morning, for some reason.
of time and effort for me to wrap my head around. Studying anything further on purpose is an achievement to me.”
Mike hadn’t told him anything about Sherlock – no words of warning or admiration. Probably a good thing.
“Er, broadly,” Sherlock says, blinking a few too many times. “Biology alongside advanced mathematics and chemistry. My major is chemistry.”
John half shrugs. “I’m not bothered.” He’d gladly walk all night in the blistering cold, unbothered so long as he has Sherlock’s hand in his. “I like it better, by the way,” he adds casually, peeking through open curtains into living rooms as they pass by.
As a result of his confused haste, water had sloshed over the edge of the tub and was currently drenching the floor mat.
crumples his empty cups with more force than necessary before he throws them away, reminding himself to buy a reusable one.
Sherlock glances up just as Mike’s head drops to observe the assorted paraphernalia that litter the laboratory bench before him, all of which he is already familiar with. A tiny, lopsided smile tugs at his lips; Sherlock supposes that he understands the challenge.
“I’ll see you later, then.” It comes out as more of a question than a sure statement, despite his best efforts.
Sherlock heaved John past the threshold and struggled to kick the door closed without making enough noise to wake Mrs. Hudson. John’s breathing was regular, but so quiet that Sherlock stilled for a few moments just to reassure himself that he could actually hear it.
Just as it occurred to Sherlock that perhaps the gap wasn’t that valuable a prize anyway, the brunette woman beside him turned. Very suddenly, it became apparent that she was now dancing with him, rather than simply next to him. The silkiness of her smile startlingly contrasted with the abrupt stiffening of John’s shoulders.
He wonders if this is what it’s like, being Sherlock. Does he see through every person he meets like this? See into their mind and heart and know without a doubt what it is that their words really mean?
“The killer had stabbed up and under her ribcage, tearing her phrenic nerve.” John glanced away from his friend and their methodical discussion of such violent acts, suddenly feeling as though his breakfast might be disagreeing with him. The phrenic nerve controls a person’s diaphragm, which in turn manages the lungs’ ability to breathe. Lacerating the nerve would not only require strength, but also, it was likely, the precision of medical training. The thought of a medical professional, who had taken the Hippocratic oath, performing such an act made him feel sick to his stomach. “The S was believed to have been inflicted ante-mortem, due to the amount and consistency of blood.”
He was greeted with a brief flash of her affronted expression before he turned, doing his best not to visibly sprint away, heedless of potential casualties. As he neared the bar, eyes searching frantically, he spotted Donovan and thought that never before had he been so relieved to see the sergeant.
