“In this case, yes.” John had his arms behind his back and stepped closer to Sherlock leaning his head forward just enough to rest his forehead against the tip of Sherlock’s nose.
“Yes. And clean the flat up after me. Get mad at me for sitting too close while in a cab. Run after me when I’m chasing a criminal down, place a blanket on me when I’ve fallen asleep, force a plate of food in front of me, wear disguises and go undercover, fall asleep on my shoulder during stake outs-“
Somehow that was far more worrying. If the strange comments left on his blog were any indicator of the intelligence level- and lets be honest- perversion level of the internet, he was in trouble.
The jar was covered by a screw on lid, one without air holes he noted. Luckily his size meant he had a few hours to a day longer before he ran out of air. Stepping on the tips of his toes and reaching as far up as he could he was still a good two inches from the lid, which comparatively speaking was closer to two feet for him.
“Why what? You’re going to have to be more specific then that.” The detective hoped John’s observation skills were still sub par, but they weren’t.
At that Sherlock's eyes jolted to the table making sure it really was the beaker John said it was. He then grabbed his flatmate's hand once more. "Wash and bandage it now."
“I really need you to figure this one out fast. I can’t keep the body here for more then a few minutes longer. It could rain any time now and I need this body on route to the morgue before that.” Greg fidgeted a bit with a notepad he was holding.
Sherlock’s teeth gently grazed John’s neck, making the shorter man freeze. “I need to bite you. I have to.” The detective was near tears. He didn’t want to force himself upon someone like this. He wasn’t a predator. Yet he was intently scenting John’s neck all the same.
John furrowed his brow. That hadn’t really sounded like nothing. “Its just that he isn’t apparently talking to anyone. Greg keeps texting him.”
It was a ploy of course, Moriarty only cares about himself, possibly Sherlock but that was more of an obsession then anything else. Sebastian could feel Moriarty’s other hand, still holding the vial, mockingly caressing his cheek.
“You can always stop by you know, or call me over. I’m always glad to see you.” Molly had been grieving as well, Sherlock had of course meant a great deal to her and she couldn’t stop blaming herself in part for what had happened. ‘If only I had talked him out of it, there was always a possibility the plan wouldn’t go right…’ She blinked her tears away. John wasn’t allowed to know about that though.
Greg gently pulled him closer and wrapped his arms around Mycroft’s neck. He needed him to understand that they were done for now. “Come back to me now?”
“I would love one, I’m sure John would too. John, you should see these, it can be a reward for when you come out.”
“Fine.” He looked down as he shuffled to the kitchen, which was as always serving as a makeshift lab. “I need you to catalogue any changes that occur.” He brought the clear liquid filled vial up and frowned. “Are you sure you want me to…?”
As promised, Sherlock took John to the highly acclaimed doll shop just three blocks down via pocket travel. John had a hard time restraining himself from peeking outside of Sherlock’s pocket, he didn’t like being cooped up inside for so long.
“Don’t leave!” John shouted. Suddenly terrified that whatever had allowed him to hear Sherlock wouldn’t be around again later. “I… I might never hear your voice again.” He was glad no one could see him like this. Tears streaming down his cheeks as he was locked in a closet.
“I told you, it’s a blind experiment I can’t just tell you.” He brought his hands up to his thinking position and took in the perplexed expression on his friends face. “You did allow me to do this after all.”
There in the door way stood a tall silhouette. “I worried you might not come.” The voice seemed to buzz inside Greg’s head in an unnatural way.
Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes away from the thin red tentacle, even as he heard John approaching with the tea tray. The limb tucked its self away moments before John had entered. How could possibly explain that to anyone? That there was some strange possibility that he wasn’t quite human. He was a monster.
The only problem was that he wasn’t quite sure how he was draining the heat exactly. He ran his hand up the lamp, the light beginning to flicker a bit. Sherlock gripped the metal just below the light bulb hard; the light gave a few death throws before going completely black.
Three hours of footage passed with nothing of any interest happening. As Mycroft fast forwarded the tape he nearly jumped out of his seat when his little brother came bounding out of the flat like the mad man he was. Switching to the ally's camera he watched as Sherlock ripped apart a drainage system.
He had wanted it to be Sherlock guiding his hands. He wanted to see his best friend in every strange noise there was. But Sherlock was gone.
It took John a few minutes to set up a skype account, the messaging system seemed much faster to the one they used through their game.
“Yea, alright. No salting the door.” John was in pain and he certainly didn’t want to make it any worse. “I’m gonna check on the pizza, how about you look online for some movie for us?” Lestrade gave him a sympathetic smile. He needed to take John’s mind off of ghosts.
Sherlock really didn’t have time to reassure Lestrade right now. He needed to get back to John as soon as he could. He stepped over to the mantle and gently pushed a picture frame on it. It fell to the ground with rather a great deal of noise. So he could in fact move things better here.
“But… it’s just there? I mean, I could just get it if you like.” It hurt John deeply to see the pain in Sherlock’s eyes.
It circled it again, trying to avoid the text by it. John looked at the imaged again, a smiling sun. “Oh!” He grinned.
“Hold on-” John wasn’t sure if he was actually hearing what he thought he was hearing. “ ‘Every time’ what?”
John looked at the two men with gunshot wounds to their heads. “Well this is a rather public place for such a thing, but I don’t understand why they have signs.” John squinted hard to read the signs but they were just too far out of sight.
John awoke to a rather pleased looking Sherlock, somehow this situation screamed ‘not good.’ He cleared his throat nervously. “Well?”
It was difficult at first to stand in the glass jam jar since John's shoes were still wet from the drain and lacked the proper plastic griping of '
The package did not contain a pill subscription. The only logical explanation was that it was the parcel Sherlock had warned him not to open.
John threw a blanket over his mostly naked boyfriend and went to the window. "Went out, about an hour ago."
John dressed, still worried about his appearance and took far longer then average fussing over his hair.
Lestrade hesitated and looked at the ground, John immediately noticed the odd reaction. “They’re just protesters.”
“Myc?!” Was he really in there after all? This wasn’t just some shape shifting who-knows-what in his shape?
Sherlock scooped a hand full of water up and splashed his face with it, letting it soak through his hair. His clothes were soaked, but he didn’t seem to notice. The fingers on his right hand twitched longingly, his tongue darting out a bit. Sherlock’s body reeked with his pain and he just needed some small release.
“J- J-….” She felt as if she were about to faint. “YOU!” She turned to face Sherlock who was placing his skull on the other end of the mantle. “What have you done to my boyfriend!?”
Molly’s eyes briefly flicked to the skull on the mantle. John only rolled his eyes, “The skull has never been a problem before, I promise.” He cleared his throat again, looking in the general direction of the knocking. “If… if that’s really you Sherlock, can you prove it to us?”
Moran’s only experience in life was to kill, he had been trained to kill and found not only was he very good at it, but in fact liked it. This wasn’t however something you could put on your resume for a desk job, and working such a job would likely be the death of him.
“And there you are again. I never said anything about being gay. Just that you seem infatuated with the man. Your blog that is supposedly about ‘your life’ is about your flat mate’s life. You chronicle everything about him, always bring him up in sessions. Yet whenever I ask something about him directly you always state that you are not gay.”
Sputtering water out Sherlock immediately sat up, drenched, in Lestrade’s hands. “John! Find John!” he coughed painfully.
Mycroft could feel his tentacles thickening. They were ready to release again, but it felt strangely different. They were fuller, especially the one doing the main penetration. His own body arched forward, feeling his mate close to him as his breathing became erratic as well.
John beamed, Sherlock was really communicating with them, which was well worth the strange feeling in his hands.
He was lucky to only be suffering a sprained ankle, if he had fallen on a hard surface he likely would have died. He slowly stood to check his surroundings in the darkened tunnel. He could feel something soft under his feet, it's what had broken his fall. He kneeled down to place a hand on the object.
Sherlock was staring at the water intensely, almost as though he was searching for something. His gaze snapped back to John in a nearly startling speed. “Stop dodeling, we need to hurry.”
"Lestrade, I swear I will never solve another case for you again if you tell a single soul about this." Sherlock lifted John up, carefully placing him in his breast pocket.
John had always kept his emails with Molly up even though he never discussed clothing or makeup in person. Molly could tell John was still very secretive about that part of his life. But John had started going out of his way to engage her small talk and compliment her.
Not much point in beating around the bush anymore, “I know you destroyed the camera outside the flat.”
John gave a silent sigh. His only options were to continue walking and leave Sherlock there, who likely wouldn’t mind or notice but in doing so he would look like an ass in front of Molly, or go back and seem like he was brooding in silence. He raised both hands in surrender and went back to the morgue.
“You said he was sick! How can he be sick and unable to see me if he isn’t here?! And I did call him, he hasn’t answered his phone in three days now.”
“I’m not really sure how it happened, bit of a mix up with messages I suppose-“ John knew full well that wasn’t what happened. “I think that…” ‘My dead flat mate set me up so he doesn’t get bored in the after life.’ John wasn’t sure how to word this. “Are you religious at all?”
“Fantastic,” Maria’s voice was eerily cold and collected, “How about you take a seat and I grab the papers? Just to review of course.”
The special pocket had been Sherlock’s idea, carefully designed by a talented tailor, inserted just above John’s hip at the back right hand side, partly concealed by the tailoring over John’s arse. It is no-one’s business but theirs that John brings her all sorts of places. There was no conceivable way he could leave her behind, alone, on this day.
That night, the three of them slept together in the same bed, exhausted and filthy. John had yet to have the energy to do more than wash his hands and Sherlock was still unshaven and wearing his suit, now crumpled and dirtied almost beyond recognition. John stirred and shouted in his sleep, and when Charlotte awoke at 5 am for a bottle, Sherlock brought her into the living room so as to let John sleep and he and his daughter watched together as the dawn broke over London.
The swan swam into view, clear as day, albeit in greyscale, to the east of the balcony.  He fluttered up onto one of the posts that jutted up from the water along the building’s frontage. The image blurred.
“Oh,” she said, sitting down on the other end of the sofa.  “You’ll need a tripod to hold it well above the flames and a long-handled pot for that.  You know, I have a copper one with a holly wood handle that would be just the right size.”  She cut a thick slice off a glazed loaf of bread and set it on a small plate.  “Do you have all the other ingredients you need?”  She passed me the plate and a silver fork.
“Well, that’s lots of things settled,” she said and got to her feet with a slight hitch and a hand to her hip in the process.
From a platter on his side of the table, Sherlock cut a generous portion of smoked salmon, spooned some capers over it and handed it on a small plate to me.  “Help yourself,” he urged, pointing to the assortment of side dishes on the table with the point of the knife.
The door to the passageway opened and Mrs Turner led the waiting guests into the dark, the sound of their progress silenced as they passed into it.  Last of all, Mrs Hudson waved Kit and Midnight along ahead of her.  She winked at me before she followed them into the shadows.  She’d told me once that a good host never loses a guest.  I smiled at the memory as the panel closed behind them.  All signs of their presence erased.
I stood before the fountain of wine, trying not to stare at the figures around the silver tree trunk that looked so much like Sherlock and me.
The soft leather shoes were very similar to the ones in which I had danced, but with less embroidery.
Before I could stop him, he extended his hand and sliced along his forearm.  I winced at the pain.  He turned the arm and let his blood fall, walking slowly in a circle so the drops fell ahead of the burning lines.
John shook his head again, scanned the road for one of the film crews that often re-route traffic on London streets.  He saw nothing that fit the description.  “They’d need lights to photograph someone up there,” John murmured.  He checked the rooftop again.
I peered down my chest.  I couldn’t see much.  The candles must have burnt out because the only light in the room was a faint one emanating from the fireplace.  I tried glancing to the side without moving my head.  It wasn’t ideal.  The moon had left its perfect alignment with the chimney and the dim glow that remained looked to be from the pile of stones.  I wasn’t sure how that could be.
Sherlock gripped my shoulder.  “I see the idea appeals to you, but I’d rather not have to fish you out of it.”
John took a sip of water and put the glass down.  He pulled off a piece of bread, drew it back and forth through the golden oil in the little dish.
“We go round and round one another,” I said and finally turned.  Who would not wish to stay with him, I thought as I looked, and his outward form is but a shadow of what is within.
"I don't think it is a sure thing for me at all," Sherlock said.  "Perhaps it would be for you."  He sighed and banked into a turn.
The façade of the building wasn’t any more inspiring than the tiny section of it that was my bedsit.  I had forgotten about coming back here.  In my mind, I was already a resident of Baker Street.
“Hmm.  How does a medium fit into this scenario?  Do they want one, or both, of their parents to haunt the ungentlemanly nephew or the silent older sister?”
He listened to the song I had learned that shrouded me in shadow.  I had not realised what it did until Mrs Hudson came into the music room calling for me and went back out again without speaking to me.  I whistled it in front of the mirror in my bedroom and understood.  Sherlock was amused when I showed him that it worked equally well when I whistled it.
“Oh,” Mrs Hudson said as the second picture came into view.  Two of the red bumps had opened into pale pink blossoms, while the other buds had hints of colour showing between their sepals.  She looked up at John.  “But it’s October,” she said.
I looked past Sherlock’s shoulder then behind me.  All the lamps along the walls were burning. They cast wavering shadows on the stone floor and made the swords glitter from a dozen angles.
It took a moment for me to realise his sounds were words.  I lifted my lips from his skin.  “Tonight?”
Lust does strange things to perception.  I don't want to act on my own wishful thinking and offend him.
“More?” Mrs Hudson asked, holding the sauce boat aloft.  John nodded and she poured.  “Let me think.”  She put the dish down.  “It was a dreadfully wet winter, Gabriel’s second year at uni, I believe.  Everyone had leaks and damp.  The student in 221C stuck it out until the summer, poor thing, but I haven’t been able to let it since.  The damage was worst on the side wall in your room, but the wallpaper was spoiled all the way around to the hearth.  Mrs Turner had an awful mess, too, but at the back of her building.  The water came down from the roofs, inside the walls.  The gutters just couldn’t drain fast enough.  Cost her a fortune to have her rooms redecorated.  I couldn’t afford it, not after putting the roof to rights.”
A ewer of steaming cider and a plate of spice cakes appeared next to the candle.  “Drink up, lad,” she said.  “That’s an old family recipe.  The cold winds of winter are as nothing if you have a bellyful of that.”
“I see,” I said, still less than half awake.  “So other than being avaricious, what has he been doing?”
The police car in front of 221B didn’t have its lights flashing.  I walked a little faster nevertheless.  The front door opened.
The woman with the camera had covered her head.  Ms Swann had dropped her loaf of bread to assist her.  The birds, even the pigeons, ignored the windfall.
"Pleased to meet you," I said and snapped my mouth shut.  Speaking and looking up had been a bit too much.
I felt a light scratch down the centre of my back.  The tie of my pyjama bottoms tugged at my waist, then separated.  I drew in a breath, held it.  Something sharp caught in the fabric.  The cloth hissed as it tore.  I let out my breath in a rush, got up on my knees.
John looked back at the man.  Somewhere over their heads, a clock chimed.  Another joined in, slightly out of sync, and then a third.  “Just a quick look, I don’t have much time,” he said and handed over the plant.
A young woman in a white lab coat was crouched on the floor picking up surgical tools that were scattered all about her.  She dropped several on a metal tray near her.
After several steps, I glanced back, hoping to see the willow’s smaller branches waving in the breeze from the top of the pile.
He bent near my ear.  “I’ve searched this room.  I wanted to search the bedroom, but the housekeeper was dashing in and out.  It’s where Madeline Usher stayed when she was in London, with an adjoining door to Roderick’s room.  Those have been their bedrooms since they were children.”
A vision came of him riding a stallion hell-for-leather down a steep slope, reins gathered in one hand, riding crop raised in the other…or was it a sword?  What he held high caught the sunlight.
She put her hand on his shoulder.  “I know.  He was thinking with his heart and it saved you both.”  She rose on her toes and whispered something to Sherlock I couldn’t hear.
He flipped the knife and held out the hilt.  I stepped close enough to take it.  It was unusually heavy.
“Dreaming might be the closest word for it,” he said and touched his lips to the insides of my fingers.  “I’m sorry I left you…”
I did as bid, trying not to stare too obviously as I went.  The foyer was broader than I had estimated it would be.  An inner door decorated with stained glass panels hid the rest of the hall from view.  Their designs were doubled in a large mirror to my right.  My reflection in it was dappled with green and gold.
"Something very old and very recently dead.  Brilliant.  See you soon."  Sherlock snapped his mobile shut and looked around.
The pigeons flew away.  The geese fell silent.  The swans settled back into the water.  The man stooped to pick up the loaf of bread, handed it to Ms Swann and appeared to be introducing himself.
I frowned at him and realised he had a shoe in hand: a soft leather shoe, covered in embroidered leaves and flowers and birds.  I moved my foot out from under the table.
“Good, that’s settled then.”  She pulled the basket up onto the table and began packing the other pots away.
“No roads lead there,” I groused.  My leg ached, my shoulder ached, my back was beginning to ache.  “In good conscience, you cannot call this a road.”  I dared not think what passing this way would have been like if it had rained in the morning.
“It’s a pleasure, Miss Turner,” I said and she was a pleasure to look at.  Her hair piled high in intricate braids was so fair it seemed silvery in the waning light.  Her eyes were also pale, the colour of spring leaves and they were wide as they regarded me.
I hummed assent, my head listing towards my shoulder.  I rubbed my free hand over my face; it wouldn’t do to leave Sherlock’s brewing completely unattended.  And, I had been curious about this room that Mrs Hudson had passed by with only a word.  There didn’t seem to be many things Mrs Hudson was quiet about, but this had definitely been one of them.
Eyes still upon me, he reached behind him and pulled a slender volume down onto its spine.  A bookcase swung open and he took a step backwards into the dark.
I located the latch and found him leafing through a large volume open on the music rack of the piano.
“I wanted to give you a chance to know my bad sides, to grow familiar and become contemptuous,” Sherlock answered.  “I hid the light, so you could come here and not worry about being trapped by seeing me accidentally.”
I closed the lid and turned the box towards her.  The metal strip atop the lid was still pushed aside.
“Nor I,” Sherlock said.  “I’ve been puzzling about it since Redbeard died. Before that though, it just was.  It was a fact that I had seen demonstrated several times a day, every day, since I was born, like the flip of a switch bringing light or voices coming from a radio.”
The river seemed very wide and the breeze over it very cold.  The moon was setting to my left when I spied a flickering light swinging well above the water line.
Wiggins draped a short cloak over one of my shoulders.  It was lined in padded silk, trimmed with twisted green and gold threads.  Its folds exuded the same fragrance as the balm in the bath.  There was bluebell and violet and rose, always rose...and something else.  I study his methods.  Most of the smells of his gardens and his laboratory are familiar to me now.
I sampled something long and thin, like a finger, that turned out to be pastry full of ground nuts and honey.  I chased it down with the wine.  A small hum of pleasure escaped me.
“Sherlock,” I said, choking.  I couldn’t find his pulse.  I tried to catch my breath.  I glared around the room.
Mrs Hudson jumped.  “Why are they always early when you don’t need them to be?” she said.  She patted the handbag hanging from her shoulder, looked at the suitcase John had picked up and pointed at the note in his other hand.  “My sister’s number's there, just in case and the name...”
I paused in my turning, thought I saw the place, but not what one must touch to open it, some shadow no doubt obscuring it.  There were wooden columns carved into the semblance of various young trees framing each panel of the wall.  Some braced cushioned benches between them.  Perhaps the door’s lever was hidden beneath a cushion or in the grain of a tree trunk.
“Strangely calm,” Lestrade replied, almost as if it had just struck him.  “Though I’ve seen parents do remarkable things when they’re defending their children.”
I turned aside for modesty’s sake and found the next window nearly as unsettling.  Its nude played pipes in a glade, his furry legs and hooves tucked against the fallen tree trunk upon which he sat.  Above and behind him brilliant flowers and fruit teemed amidst shadowy foliage, while the piper was awash in sunshine, his tawny hair and fur glittering with streaks of golden and silvery glass.  The set of his shoulders, the tilt of his head were images I have often seen in my mirror.
Ms Swann looked from Sherlock to John and back and sighed.  “You were wise.  I’m always putting things off, thinking I’ll be able to do it another day.  Now look where we are.”
The swan rubbed his head against his feathers.  He missed the days when he and his parents swam the waters around the island to all the places where the best plants grew.  It was here that they had taught him how to fly when his wings were large and strong enough.  And here, he had risen out of the water and thrashed his wings just like his parents to warn off other swans who tried to land on their part of the river.  Such interlopers had always left in haste, sometimes without a few of their feathers.  His parents were large birds and he had been pleased that he was getting to be nearly as big as they were and could help chase intruders away.  But, he wasn't to chase the boy with the red feathers on his head nor the one with the black feathers who came with him.  They were his cousins.
Siròc launched herself into the air.  The tigress and Baskerville got to their feet, gave me a look and started walking towards the bridges.
John chuckled and scanned the Pond.  “Well, I see Ms Swann feeding a drift of swans and a lone goose that’s waiting patiently on the pavement by her side.  Ah, she gave him some bread.  Poor bloke.”
“Tissue samples confirm that the wing retrieved was torn from the body at this site.  The wound, however, is larger than the corresponding structure on the wing.  The proportion of human and non-human genetic material varies between the body and the wing; the edges of the wound on the body have predominantly human genetic material while the edges of the wing are predominantly non-human.  However, the steamfly genes are present at a low level throughout the body.
John set a mug of tea next to Sherlock’s laptop and peered at the screen over his shoulder.  He watched a minute or two of the balcony scene, sipping his tea.
Had the threat to him been why I could see the woods at all?  Had I been meant to climb down somehow?  I was pleased I could still think.
John inhaled and Sherlock opened his mouth to let Mycroft know exactly why he was wrong, but Mycroft continued before he could do so. "You will not be joining Mummy and Daddy. Having you near them is more of a liability than a benefit at this point. Tomorrow you will be returning to your flat on Baker Street. It has been cleaned of all smoke damage and cameras are being installed inside as we speak."
Sherlock nodded, biting at his lower lip. "He's just starting to wake up. He should go to hospital, get checked out." He re-crossed the room and squatted next to John, trying to get him to wake up more fully.
"Hey, what's this talk about coffee?" Lestrade called, as he and Anderson emerged from the building and joined them on the pavement. Anderson was still wearing his protective blue coverall—if anyone had reason to be embarrassed to be seen in public, it was him.
He took the pill, chasing it with water from a small paper cup. Molly's touch—she stayed here often enough that not only had she picked out bathroom cups with a floral print, but more than half the medicine cabinet was filled with her makeup. He rummaged around a bit on the top shelf, taking inventory of the medications. Nothing good at all, just some over-the-counter pain relievers and allergy medicine, plus prescriptions for high blood pressure and cholesterol. There was a tube of Deep Heat cream that John could use it if his neck and shoulders were still sore in the morning. No birth control pills; maybe Molly kept them in her handbag.
Rosie was asleep when they got back from the party, so John left her downstairs with Mrs. Hudson for the night. He went upstairs to find Sherlock had traded his suit jacket for his dressing gown, and was sitting in his armchair, scrolling on his phone. He hadn't lit a fire, though, which meant he didn't expect to be up for long. John wasn't sure why he was disappointed—when had spending an evening sitting in front of a fire with Sherlock become more appealing than staying out late at a party with friends? He sighed, knowing that he'd preferred Sherlock's company to socializing with others since the day they met.
"Yeah. Tomorrow I'll start talking to Rosie about moving in here, get her used to the idea. We can get a rail for the bed, so she doesn't need to sleep in the travel cot, and get her excited about having her own room here, like she does at home. It might take a little while for her to adjust."
"No, you're not." Sherlock reached down to take John's hand in his. "I might have done the same thing. I rarely look at cab drivers—it's been a long time since Jeff Hope."
Sherlock swept past the other police officers and the cleaning lady and out of the building, John at his heels. He paused when he got outside, stopping at the top of the ramp to lean with both hands on the railing. He was blocking John's way, he knew, but he needed to take a moment to collect his thoughts.
"Yes, yes." Sherlock briefly touched John's hand on his arm, then pulled away. He just needed to say to his parents that he and John would be happy to sleep together because they were now a couple. So why couldn't he say that? He wasn't ashamed. How could anyone be ashamed to say they were sleeping with John, of all people? But he was still hesitant. He'd never had a significant other before, never brought anyone home to his parents. Never told them he was interested in men. Never mentioned his sexuality at all, and they had never asked. What were they going to say? They would most likely be accepting—he'd never seen any indication that they wouldn't be—but even so, their perception of him was going to change when they learned that he and John were together. And he didn't know—
"Yeah. It's chafing at my wrists." He unbuttoned his cuffs and leaned forward to slip the shirt off.
John stepped towards it, then turned and tugged with one hand at the belt of Sherlock's dressing gown, raising an eyebrow. Sherlock nodded and reached out and began to unbutton John's shirt. He pulled the tails from John's trousers, ran a warm, steady hand down the front of John’s vest, and said, "I haven't shaved or showered since Sunday."
"I almost didn't recognize you, the way you're dressed. But then I heard your voice. Not the 'ho, ho, ho' part, just your regular voice—that's unmistakable." She was grinning at him, but Sherlock was horrified.
“Obviously,” Mummy said. “Can you figure out where they are so you can make him stop torturing John?”
I realized this prompt started with a "b" so obviously I had to write a 221B. (Except first draft came in at 435 words! Luckily I love editing.)
"He still feels guilty and thinks he owes me. Plus, he has experience. He managed to track my movements halfway around the world, even if he never quite caught up with me."
"Okay." John fiddled with the watch he'd just set down. "Are you telling me the truth?" He turned his head to meet Sherlock's eyes.
A moment later, Sherlock dropped his gaze, then slipped out of John's embrace. "I—I appreciate your confidence in me, John. And thank you for your help." He wrapped his arms around his legs again and shivered, though John didn't think it was cold in the flat.
"Boring," Sherlock said, but he got up and went into the kitchen. He didn't want to cook a whole meal, but he also wasn't about to leave the flat to go get takeaway, and he couldn't use his phone to order anything.
Once Rosie was in bed, he made himself do the washing up and then have a shower, in an attempt to distract himself from worrying. Sherlock would be home soon. He had to be.
John met his gaze, his lips turning up in an angry smile. "Right. You'd never hit me, because you're so much better than I am."
Moriarty sat on the corner of the roof, no doubt aware of the dramatic figure he cut, with his dark suit against the clouded sky. He rose to his feet and turned to face Sherlock, a gulf of concrete between them. "Wasn't sure if you were going to show up."
"I want to. What else am I supposed to do? I can't use my phone and that computer is older than dirt—I'm not going to try to use that to keep myself occupied. Take off the holster."
"Oh, yes, that's right. Perhaps I'm thinking of Mycroft. Anyway, I would've liked to be able to see Eve being born. She'll most likely be my only grandchild, after all."
"I know." John heaved himself onto his back again, legs landing heavily askew. "Okay, I shouldn't have slept like that. My shoulder's going to hate me today."
"It'll probably be a while before I hear anything." John set the papers on his lap, smoothing away an invisible wrinkle. "And even if—even if I get in. I might not do it." He looked up, as if asking Sherlock for permission.
Handsome? John tried to keep his expression neutral. Sherlock was just making conversation with Rosie—he didn't really mean it. Did he? No. Unless it was a veiled criticism of John's own wardrobe.
Sherlock passed her over and took his tea cup over to the worktop to sip while he prepared a bottle of formula.
"It's different. When I get into the barber's chair, I feel like I'm trapped. I can't reach my chair and get away quickly if I need to."
"No. He's not ill or injured. He just needs to be checked out and given time to sleep it off. I'd rather be at Barts because I know it better. They'll give us a private room. Put a guard outside the door if you want to."
He rolled over onto his back and squeezed his eyes shut. Unbidden, a list of people he might be able to ask for advice began to write itself in his head:
"I've always been concerned about you, little brother. And thank you, I would like a cup of tea." The kettle clicked off, punctuating Mycroft's statement.
"Okay, into the kitchen we go." He stood up, then stopped when he saw that John had emerged from the kitchen to see what had happened. "She's fine," Sherlock told him. "No need to worry."
"Yes, everything is really okay." He huffed and threw his shoulders back, letting his coat flare out around him.
"Rosie," he called, and had to say it again when her name caught in his throat. "Come on out of the box for a minute. I'll help you cut some windows in it and you can pretend it's a little house to play in."
One cigarette became two, but then he stopped. They were stale and not his preferred brand, but even the habit of inhaling and exhaling was undeniably soothing. He stuck the pack back in the drawer where he'd found it, not that Lestrade would be looking for them anytime soon.
But instead, John disappeared down the hall towards the bedroom without another word. Sherlock sighed and went back to waiting to hear from Mycroft.
"I—" Sherlock trailed off, leaving his mouth open again as he stared at John's hands, which were toying at his flies. "I'm willing," he said, and John's cock twitched as Sherlock unzipped his own flies. "Why—why?"
Sherlock turned and put his feet on the floor. "We were at Barts and we needed your help and you were out looking at real estate?"
Sherlock swallowed, hoping he simply meant that John could be arrested and not that he would be disappeared should Mycroft decide he was mistreating him. “No, he’ll either come back on his own or let me know if he wants a lift.”
"Nothing new," Sherlock replied, shoving his mask into his coat pocket as he pulled the door shut behind him. "Just his shoulders. Where's Rosie?"
"Yeah, yeah. It's just—" John paused again, looking down at his own fist clenched around the borrowed handkerchief. "I was holding her, and she kept flailing her legs, but then she stopped, and...." After a moment he took a deep breath and went on. "I know Moriarty used botulinum as a poison before, but I think tetrodotoxin is a better fit given the pattern of paralysis she exhibited."
"Oh, Jesus Christ, are you kidding me?" Rather than turning and fleeing, Donovan put her hands on her hips and glared.
John shook his head, though he made no attempt to chase Stone off the bed, but rather turned his attention to tidying up the nightstand, where he'd left the papers he'd snatched away from Mrs. Hudson yesterday.
The autopsies didn't reveal much that Sherlock hadn't already known, but they did help make the day go by quickly. He left the hospital around the time he expected John to get home, but when he got there, John wasn't back yet. Not unusual, given that he often stayed late at the clinic, but Stone wasn't happy about having been left alone all day, so Sherlock clipped his lead on and took him across the street to the park. They lingered for longer than Sherlock wanted—Stone was used to being walked by John, who tended to spoil him by talking to other people while Stone got to sniff and play with their dogs.
Or maybe John hadn't known how to react because he was just as confused as Sherlock. But John had been in plenty of relationships—he should know what to do. Which meant that the fact that he hadn't tried to kiss Sherlock back indicated that he really wasn't interested. Unless.... Sherlock's thoughts looped around and around, never reaching a conclusion. This was impossible. How did anyone ever manage to embark on a romantic relationship if this was what it was like?
Sherlock sat on the sofa again and, after a moment's hesitation, John joined him. He ran his hands down the length of his own thighs, the fabric of his chinos catching a bit on his skin. "Okay. So. You...." How did he even begin? "You...want me. In the sense of...."
Sherlock pushed himself to sit upright again. "Fine. We can use Stone as a buffer, at least. She's always wanted a grandson."
And yes, I do plan to write a parentlock fic that begins with a panicked Sherlock calling John for help because Eurus shows up at Baker Street in labor. Where it ends up after that, I haven't quite figured out yet, so I don't know when it will be posted, but stay tuned! You can
John knew that Sherlock had made an effort to find out as much as he could about Eurus, once he'd remembered that she existed. At first, John had found it understandable—of course Sherlock would want to fill in the blank spots of his past. Anyone would, and Sherlock valued his memory more than most people. What John didn't quite get was why he'd kept in contact with her. Yes, she was his sister, but she'd killed his childhood friend and then tortured him, Mycroft and John before almost killing them, as well. He knew Sherlock was a forgiving man, but what Eurus had done seemed far beyond anything else he had endured. Yet Sherlock had continued to reach out to her, visiting her nearly every week in Sherrinford, right up until the time she had escaped last summer. John didn't think he was ever going to understand, and to be perfectly frank, he didn't want to. He was always going to see Eurus as a threat.
"Indeed." Sherlock tore away the wrapping paper, ignoring Mycroft's groan of dismay as he destroyed what could possibly be forensic evidence.
"What? No. John...." There were too many confusing signals for Sherlock to be able to make any sense of this conversation.
"John." Sherlock felt his shoulders sag as the tension that had built up throughout the day finally began to release. Yes, John was probably going to be embarrassed the next time he saw Mummy and Daddy, but Moriarty hadn't hurt him and now they were back together. "Move over."
Sherlock stared at him without answering and John continued. "Even if I followed through like I was supposed to, would it be worth it? There might be no benefit at all, and even in the best-case scenario it would likely be only small improvement. I'm not going to put the rest of my life on hold for months or years just so I can end up feeling temperature and pressure in my whole left leg instead of just my thigh. If...if in another ten years or so, they've made enough progress to have any sort of treatment that's been proven to make a significant difference, then it might be a different story, but for now...." He shook his head. "I don't think it's worth it to me."
"I know," John said, and fluffed Rosie's hair as she ran past him. But he didn't move from where he stood near his armchair, and he didn't stop staring at Sherlock.
John cut her off. "Yes, because she's a friend and I was worried about her. I thought if she came here in person, she must have a real emergency she needs help with."
Sherlock made a noncommittal sound and reached out to repeat the experiment John had just done. "How did I not notice?"
When they got to the bedroom, Sherlock set the monitor on the chest of drawers next to the window, bent to squint at the screen for a moment, then turned to face John. "Do you think Rosie will be okay up here by herself? Because we should keep Eve in my—our bedroom for a couple of months at least, until she's sleeping longer during the night, but after that, there should be plenty of space for her and Rosie to share this room, don't you think? We can divide it as they get older and want more privacy."
"Oh. Well." He gave an exaggerated sigh. "I've resigned myself to the hardship of being without you, I suppose."
He didn’t dare look away from the screen, because his mother was sitting right next to him and his father was standing behind the sofa watching over his shoulder and Mrs. Hudson was there, too, though he doubted that a little biting in bed would faze her.
"I look dangerous right now and, as much as you've tried to fight it, that's the number one quality you enjoy in a partner, male or female."
Sherlock bounded up from his chair and across the room. "Eurus has just had a baby, Mrs. Hudson. They both need their rest. Come on, let's get you back downstairs." He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and tried to guide her towards the door.
Sherlock frowned at him. He didn't—oh. John wasn't trying to keep them apart for scientific reasons, but purely out of an abundance of sentiment. That was...irrational, but also acceptable, he supposed. He blinked several times and then cleared his throat. "John, I.... I'm sorry. If you would still like to continue, I will follow the rules. For you."
Sherlock froze, but before he could think what to do, the owner of that voice dashed up beside him, grinning above the scarf she had tucked over her chin against the cold. "Hi, Sherlock," she cooed.
"Of course I did, John. Relax. Eve is doing fine. She's a Holmes. We can thrive under any conditions."
"It was certainly a surprise," Sherlock said. He was pacing back and forth in front of the coffee table. Rosie wished he would stop and come sit down with her and Dad, but he didn't. "I told you we shouldn't have kept Eurus a secret from her," he said, and Rosie had never heard him sound like that talking to Dad before.
"No, it's not. I mean, obviously, it is, but...." He took a deep breath and smoothed his hands down the front of his dressing gown as John tried and failed not to stare at his fingers. "My instinct is to let you leave and never speak of this again, but that's not going to get me what I want."
Content warning/SPOILER: This chapter does depict a family, including two children, that Moriarty has harmed. I personally don't consider it to be very graphic (they were poisoned) but you may want to skip the part where Sherlock enters the house if this may bother you. I would say it's not any more graphic than the show itself.
She hadn't seen him yet, but was between him and John. Sherlock could escape back into the house, or turn around and head home towards Baker Street, but John wasn't going to be able to avoid her. Sherlock put his head down and began walking towards him, knowing he had no chance of not being recognised by the reporter.
Sherlock clenched his fists to keep himself from sweeping the laptop onto the floor, then flinched as the television screen abruptly turned to snow.
Sherlock and John stared at each other for a moment, then John spread his hands on the top of the café table and sighed. "I'm sorry. I know—I know you don't want to be with him, Sherlock. It's just...you know. Hard for me sometimes."
“Daniel.” John got down two mugs, managing to keep his expression and tone even so Greg would have nothing else to suspect. “Daniel Rogers. Great guy.” He grabbed two tea bags.
John wasn’t completely satisfied with that answer but he sighed with acceptance. Sherlock put his notebook down and smiled slyly at John. “Ready?”
“I know you don’t quite understand these things and… that’s ok, Lock. It really is. But Greg- he- Mycroft-” John felt like such an idiot. Why was this so bloody hard?
“John?” Sherlock watched as his friend was staring at the shaker. He had seen it. Sherlock tried pressing his finger against the salt again, it didn’t budge. Damn. He was so close.
“Oh? Anything interesting?” John couldn’t help but to think Sherlock’s expression looked down right mischievous.
“You really are so very precious like this.” She dropped her hands down on either side of John in an attempt to scoop him up but he managed to step out of it. Maria’s smile fell. “John, I forgive you, we can be together again.”
"I… I can't find him anywhere, it doesn't make sense. He was only out of my sight for a few moments."
Mycroft was indeed inside of 221b already, grasping the handle of his umbrella as always as he sat on their couch.
John bought Sherlock several catnip filled cat toys as a joke, Sherlock failed to see he was being made fun of and thoroughly enjoyed them. The blogger’s day turned out better then expected, minus a the slight embarrassment he endured in front of Lestrade once again.
“It could be a good idea. Doing something like that. But that’s not why I came. I just thought… hell, maybe you wanna go out for a drink or two some night. Maybe make that a regular thing. You’re a good friend, John. I don’t want to loose you too.”
John sighed, “Fine. But you’ll have to take it off before you’re out.” This was ridiculous but he didn’t want to work Sherlock up anymore then he had to. “Does this happen a lot? This fever or whatever it is?” He was ready to go full doctor mode.
"I guess he's done playing hide and seek." Sherlock walked to the mantle picking something up behind a skull.
“Hm? Well I just mean he’s going through a divorce with his wife and all, a woman. Obviously he’s not-“
“I told you before John, I don’t care what you wear. You can wear your hideous jumpers or a dress, it’s all the same to me.”
“It was stupid. But it’s alright. You really just want attention don’t you?” Sherlock didn’t like the pitying look in John’s eyes and tried to pull away. “I do… like them that is. The ears and tail. They fit you in a strange way.”
“Uh Thanks, I’ll keep that in mind. I should really be going off to investigate now.” He showed himself to the door and sighed in relief once he was outside. He really didn’t want to go through all the awkwardness of explaining about Sherlock right now.
“Harry is too important to kill right away, she went missing to gain our attention. That means she’s likely still alive. But why now? John- think! If no one has seen you in several days then there’s no reason for things to have changed if the killer is goading us, so it must be someone aware of our situation.”
John bit his lip nervously, he thought they had talked online enough for questions like that already, perhaps he was wrong.
“And how did he text me if his phone is right here?” he eyebrows suddenly furrowed. “Wait… how the hell did he text me.” There was no way he could sneak up right next to her and leave his cell phone on the mantle after texting her.
Sherlock stretched his arm out to help John onto the chair as well, “There’s something I need to get a better look at.”
Very funny. I give in. Yes, John seems to be size impaired at the moment. Just please tell me where he is.- SH
Sherlock brought his hands into his thinking pose. “We’re going to Tesco’s. I want to see if being around people will affect your responses.”
The cat came to an abrupt stop nearly flinging the two tiny men off its neck. Tobby then casually strolled through a plastic flap on the back door of a small apartment and pranced up to an empty food bowl where it sat patiently.
Anderson stood two meters away from the body taking pictures of a purse spread open with contents flung across the grass. It had obviously fallen from the victim’s shoulder as she fled her attacker.
“Right… Sherlock, I just would really like to be able to move again, so if there is anything, anything at all that you could do.”
I know you wont get these, but I wanted you to know that you are my best friend and mean the world to me. Please stop this. Stop being dead. JW
"Sherlock's probably tearing the place apart looking for me and I haven't a bloody clue where I am." A horrifying thought crossed John's mind,
“It’s a smiley face.” He nodded towards the yellow one with bullet holes in it on the wall. “He does that sometimes, puts smiley faces on things.”
“Hardly matters. Clothes are only for warmth and for not being seen, if no one can see me then that point seems rather moot.”
Mycroft quickly adjusted his suit jacket as he joined Lestrade on the other end of the car, Sherlock’s cutting statements about his failing diet really were affecting him. ‘
“Get back inside that pocket, hide.” John did as he was told, he could see a sudden jolt of pain running across Sherlock’s face. He had been lucky. The amount that got into the cut on his hand was a much smaller dose, the process had taken the entire night. This would take mere seconds.
“How could you have perfected something without testing it? You don’t even know how you’ve changed it exactly. And Baskerville?! Those people are nuts! I rather have nothing more to do with that place.”
Sherlock stayed by John’s side holding his hand despite John’s weak grip as they waited for the ambulance to arrive. Lestrade and three other police cars arrived at the same time. Greg instantly ran to John’s side as the paramedics lifted him onto a stretcher.
John still showed up to work, still paid the rent, and despite remaining antisocial genuinely seemed at least a little happier.
There in the center of the nearly destroyed flat was the man that had set the whole thing off. Sherlock looked up, hair overgrown and in a mess, clothes torn to shreds.
“Come back here!” Sherlock followed, taking him a moment to realize he had actually made it outside. He looked around, completely mystified as John locked the door. Outside. He thought he might never see this again.
“Pill packages look entirely different, they are much smaller! Now you’ll never want to talk to me again.” Sherlock was trying hard to regain his composure, but failing miserably at it.
John briefly considered blocking one of the doorways with furniture but when he remembered how firmly the first spider pinned him he realized the flimsy wood would never be enough to stop them.
10pm rolled around and John was still sitting motionless, this time Sherlock was excitedly telling him all about a case file Lestrade had emailed him.
Lestrade put the baker bag on the table, “I’ll just go change…” he noticed John eyeing the bag tentatively and brought a croissant before walking away.
Lestrade turned the corner with a pipe wrench in hand, "Oi! There you are. You bloody ran off without saying where you were going again. "
One day he wore all black and even went as far as painting his nails black as well. It didn’t work in the least… well, not all of it.
“I go through the trouble of making you a Jacuzzi and this is the thanks I get.” He puffed his lower lip out and pouted.
John flushed, “It’s really not like that.” He peered in the cab at the emotionless masked face staring back. “We have, well, sort of an agreement, not like that. It’s complicated. Just forget all of this today?”
“I don’t have time to tell you again. I must return home. If you… insist on something more substantial to base my claims on, I’m afraid you’ll have to let Dr. Watson leave us for some time.”
Tried to fix all the typos I found. If you spot any, please alert me so I can fix them. I dont have anyone editing my stories for me at this time.
There was quiet on the other end of the line. “I can’t believe this. This is the third time you’ve canceled on me.”
“I’m putting you in bed. Like you said, you have been in this chair for far too long. Besides, the change of position might help speed up your recovery.”
An rc boat sat bobbing up and down in the water. John approached the control and lightly pushed a lever, the boat moved, stopping only when John let go of the lever.
John had, however, agreed to investigate a case. Somehow. Alright, that bit was much more unclear, but it obviously had a logical explanation. His eyes glanced down at his hands. Last night had really felt like someone else was controlling them. Not forcefully, but more of a gentle guiding. He felt his eyes reddening, tears trying to form, though he wasn’t sure if he was even physically capable of crying any more. He felt beyond drained now.
John did his best to flag down a cab but the sky seemed intent on raining harder with each passing second and no cabs were in sight.
Sherlock would do anything to get John out of harms way right now. “Please John. I know what you’re thinking. Stop. I have to get you out.”
The tentacle surprisingly stilled. “You were the one that wanted this.” The voice buzzed in Greg’s head. “You said you wanted me…” The tentacle curled away a bit.
“Well I can’t solve this damn thing without him, so whatever fight you two are havin’ you can just settle it later.” His tone caught the older Holmes brother off guard.
Sherlock only smirked, “Bit backwards. Everything is fine between us though, he’s just being impatient.”
“Why would someone else hack my computer? Forget that, why would you hack my computer? To answer a call to yourself of all things…”
A loud pounding came from Sherlock’s bedroom door. John peered behind Sherlock’s back wondering if this meant he would be seeing the irritating sod of a brother his friend was always going on about.
After the initial shock of discovering the pocket size John now had an equally pocket sized detective, the question of ‘What now?’ was on everyone’s mind.
Sherlock sat watching crap telly, yelling abuse at it to rid the flat of silence. John perched himself on the arm of the couch and watched as well. But when the cat could no longer hold still for a few minutes at a time to scratch or bite himself Sherlock held him down and inspected his fur.
Sherlock was annoyed, he wanted far more details first, but they would have to wait. “His wrists were tied behind his back for an extended amount of time.” The body still bore the rope burn on his wrists, his arm muscles clearly strained from the unnatural position. There were multiple knives used to inflict his injuries, though the main one appears to have been a fish gutting knife.”
As soon as the two boarded the cab Sherlock sat closer to John then they were normally accustomed to.
As Lestrade's eyes scanned the room John ducked his head behind the skull. The slight movement caught Lestrade's attention though.
Sherlock knew exactly what happened. He wasn’t sure when they had appeared, but two tendrils were now feeling their way around the inner walls of the tub curiously. His head felt strangely heavy now making it harder to think. He could feel everything the limbs touched, though it was certainly different from touching something with his own hands.
John felt his hands balling into fists at his side, he was a damn good soldier in his day, but he knew he couldn’t take on four men at the moment.
he wordlessly let Sherlock take the lead, unaware he left a very bewildered ex date watch them leave.
You're obviously trying to get me to say something about his size, or lack there of. I would very much like him back if you would be so kind- SH
“Well fuck you too mate!” The cabbie shot back considering if he wanted to kick them out or not but ultimately decided he needed the cab fair more then his pride.
It was later that same day that Captain John Watson was shot in left shoulder, the bullet narrowly missing his heart, and sent back to England on discharge.
Moriarty’s smile flattened a bit, “In due time.” He cocked his gun. “You could help me with that you know.”
Greg realized he should have checked on her too. He should have known she would be mourning; she had had a crush on him for years after all. “That doesn’t even make sense.”
That was the nail in the coffin. Lestrade had been a married man, even if he was going through a divorce after his wife repeatedly cheated on him, he did in fact know how women got during sales. They wouldn’t drag a significant other with them to save their lives. Shoes always came first.
“I’m a monster, Gregory. I’ve beaten you, I’ve,” His voice went exceptionally quiet, “Done unspeakable things to you.”
“And this changes nothing about what I said last night.” John whispered, forcing Sherlock to lean closer.
Sherlock opened his mouth and shut it several times before deciding on what to say. “He’s a grown man, why would he run away and what from?”
John blinked. They had a whole kitchen full of stuff. “Are you hungry? I could make you something to eat now if you like?”
John hurriedly wrapped the shawl around his neck, it felt even better then it looked. “If no one collects the possessions of that woman I swear to god I’m taking those boots.” Even Sherlock had to crack a smile at the sudden sassiness.
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was significantly softer then when he was talking to Maria. Sherlock looked down at his palm with his full attention. John sat and placed his open palm against Sherlock’s massive one beneath him. “I’m really sorry about that.”
Lestrade brought a flashlight he had happened to have in his back pocket and shown it down the hole.
Once inside the flat Sherlock carefully placed John on his laid out scarf on the kitchen table, his eyes were down cast.
Lestrade coughed nervously, “Erm, well- is that alright with you?” he looked at Mycroft knowing he would likely want to be the one responsible for his brother’s safety. “You could come over and check on them whenever you like.” He offered as compensation, it really would be beneficial for him to stop living in a shady hotel.
“No, he’s pretty busy though. Not terribly unusual for him.” He was quite use to going periods of time without seeing the elder Holmes. But he normally heard from him much more frequently then this. “Oh, he did tell me to inform you there was no will. He didn’t have much though, just what was in the flat.”
Greg waited a bit after John left his office, sneaking out another donut to nibble from. He flicked his phone on and reread his last few messages to  Mycroft.
If Sherlock was right- which of course he was Lestrade knew- the killer really had picked their game up this time. The woman wasn’t just killed, she was beaten fiercely. The D.I. bit his bottom lip, in cases like these he knew the killer only got more violent as the crimes went on. He needed to stop this guy, and fast.
As the egg fried, Sherlock brought over a measuring stick and propped it up next to a rather annoyed John.
John tried his best to push these thoughts out of his head, a very hard task to accomplish, but he continued to walk down the pipe nonetheless. Not too long he saw a dim light at the end that glistened off the trickle of water that ran from the pipe to the street. It was dark out but a near by street light helped John recognize yellow graffiti on the ally wall, his ally wall. All he had to do his make it to the front of the flat, maneuver his way up the stairs, crawl under the door and then find some way to get Sherlock to see him. A difficult task but by no means an impossible one. He strode forward toothpick cane in hand hardly containing his smile, most of his previous concerns faded. That is until a vast glass dome encompassed him. He looked up startled to find a small child had captured him in a jam jar.
"I think you're going to lie there on that sofa and let yourself get sucked down into a black mood and you can't afford to do that now with Moriarty still running loose."
John bit down on his bottom lip before cautiously handing Eve over, into Eurus's waiting arms. He took one step back but didn't go any further, just shot a quick glance at Sherlock, remembering how awkward he'd been the first time he ever held Rosie.
"They're not bad, Ethan!" One of the children, a girl of perhaps eleven, reached the tree where Sherlock stood with the dogs. She turned to stand with her hands on her hips, glaring at the smaller boy who ran up behind her. "You shouldn't have tried to run with them. I told you that you couldn't keep up." She looked up at Sherlock for the first time—she appeared to be much less short of breath than he himself was. "Sorry, sir. I told him that he wasn't as fast as they were, but he wouldn't believe me. You know how little brothers are."
Lestrade stared at John for a moment, then broke into a grin. "Didn't expect to see you here, too. Glad you came."
"I'll take the rest of those, Mrs. Hudson," John said. "I'll put them away so he can't eat them all at once."
"I never have chemistry mishaps." Sherlock turned away from him and walked back to John. He adjusted the fall of his coat and then flopped down into his lap again.
In contrast, it did indeed appear as if Eurus had held an infant before. She cradled her in the crook of her arm against her chest and when Eve turned her head towards her, Eurus lifted her camisole and tried to get her to open her mouth by stroking her face with one finger. "I've been reading about breastfeeding," she said. "I know I'm most likely not producing any milk yet, but I don't know what it will feel like when I do."
He stepped between Sherlock and the camera, though he knew he wasn't able to block her view. "This isn't funny, Eurus," he said. "Let us out of here, now."
"We won't. This is a special occasion." He stepped back from the chair, unable to keep a smile off his face, knowing that when John got up, it wouldn't be because it was time for him to leave. He lived here now. Again. Finally. It wasn't everything Sherlock had ever wanted—John would still be sleeping upstairs, not next to Sherlock in his bed—but it was still very, very good. Nearly perfect. He exhaled, letting his shoulders sag as a tension that had lived in him for years began to dissolve. "Yes, we're celebrating today. Pizza, I think, so Rosie will eat it without a fuss."
When he'd ended the call, Sherlock sat up again and tried to make himself appear to be in more cheerful mood. "You should go to practice."
Eurus's lips pursed for a moment before she answered, though not the question he had asked. "I got tested after I knew for sure I was pregnant, and again at 24 weeks."
John chuckled and moved even closer to him, draping his arm over his chest. "Yes, she can, and she is. I'm going to start calling you Grandad."
"Kitchen," Sherlock replied. John was right, there were still no signs of fire, but there was an awful lot of smoke. He had to go and look—he would never forgive himself if he didn't, and he didn't even want to think about what Mummy and Daddy would do.
"Wearing a mask." His voice was a bit muffled through the mask, but he knew that John could hear him.
John squinted at him. "Are you...jealous? Do you wish you were in her position? So you could spend all your time in your Mind Palace?"
After a few minutes, it became apparent that there was no way he was going to go back to sleep, so he went to have a shower. When he was done and dressed, he emerged from the bedroom to find his kitchen rather full of people. Mrs. Hudson was stood on a chair, digging through one of the cabinets while a large, bald man in a suit stood by her, his hands hovering as if ready to catch her should she fall. Mycroft's choice for security: he did seem rather fit for the task. Anthea was there, as well, leaning against the worktop with her phone in her hand; she didn't look up as Sherlock entered the room. Mycroft sat at the table, hunched over Sherlock's second-best laptop, ignoring everyone else in the room. He'd moved John's tomato plant to the worktop. Sherlock put it back on the table, pushing Mycroft's briefcase out of the way.
"Yes, well." Mycroft held his gaze, making it clear what he thought about that. "I do assume young Miss Rosamund will be somewhat easier to rear to adulthood, given that the Watson-erm, Morstan gene pool must be at least slightly more stable than that of the Holmes family."
"To him," Sherlock clarified. "You're disposable to him. You know what I mean. John, come on. I can't let you get killed or hurt again. I can't."
"Morning, love." John smiled up at him and Sherlock leaned down for a quick kiss. "You'll have to reheat the kettle if you want a cuppa. And I'll take a second one while you're at it."
"He's not going to take her and lock her up, Sherlock. She's an infant." Though now that he thought about it, he wasn't sure what Mycroft would do. "You—you plan to keep her yourself? Permanently?"
Sherlock led them over to an empty row of seats, then ushered Mrs. Hudson, Greg and Molly into it first. A moment later and Mycroft and Anthea appeared, taking their seats, as well. Anthea barely acknowledged any of them—John wondered why she had bothered to come at all.
John couldn't stop his snort of disbelief. "When did she save your life?"  Not killing him at Sherrinford could hardly be considered saving his life, even by Sherlock's standards.
John grabbed the shirt, scowling at Sherlock's tone, and shook it out. One of Sherlock's expensive tailored shirts, and in the deep, rich color that always made John's gaze linger, because it looked so good against Sherlock's skin. "I wasn't going to wander about shirtless. I was just going to go up to my room and get my own clothes to wear."
"Shouldn't you know that, Mycroft?" Sherlock asked him. "I thought you kept tabs on everything we do and who we do it with."
Sherlock let his head flop against the arm of the sofa and waved a hand dismissively in the air. “We...argued. He said he needed some space but that he’d come back. Don’t worry. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.”
"I wasn't—I didn't mean right now. Just that we'd have plenty of time for that in the next two weeks."
"But I didn't—" John reached for his own phone before realising it wasn't in its customary place in his pocket. When had he taken it out? He knew he'd brought it downstairs this morning, but hadn't used it since then.
Sherlock didn't reply for a long moment, then he turned his head toward John. "Our baby can't have a baby, John."
"I wasn't trying to win you, Sherlock. I knew I'd lost you to...him. I was trying to punish you for making the wrong choice."
“I know it well, my dear friend,” Holmes replied and his sharp grey eyes softened as he contemplated me.
The hansom pulled up in front of the Dean’s Yard.  “Ready to help grieving Corvus now?” he asked, flinging the door open, seizing a satchel from the floor and alighting on the cobbles.
“I was going to write more in the note, but...”  Mrs Hudson waved her hand about.  “Anyway, I got his name down, so go up and introduce yourself.  He’s a musician.  I told him you’re a doctor.  He seems nice and...”  She dropped her voice, “...he’s
“Why?” I asked and my voice went up at the end of the syllable.  I bent double, rested my jaw on the edge of one knee and tried to breathe through it.  My back was aflame.  Under one arm, it felt as though a bite had been taken out of the muscle.  My bullet wound was the only experience that was remotely analogous.  I hoped I would not vomit on Sherlock’s feet.
Sherlock stepped over the perimeter and lowered his hand.  “The bottom edge of the boundary you created is at floor level, the upper boundary is about chest height now.  I believe it was considerably higher when the sparks were spouting.”
I took a couple steps along the bank’s Baker Street side to escape the wind gusting down Marylebone.  My doubts about the wisdom of my excursion were not so easy to evade.
“Not that one,” I protested hastily and despite the fire having burnt low in the grate, the late winter’s morning felt very warm indeed.
John turned on his side, curling about Sherlock’s head, his hand finding its way across Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I’ve had a bit of experience with not being able to tell nightmare from reality,” John said.  He dusted off his hands.  “Shall we go meet her?”
Sherlock slid the items from his pockets from the table into his hand and came over to add them to the load.
At a bacchanal, I had thought and had followed her as she hurried off to the pantries and larders that branched off the kitchens and on into vaults of china and crystal, embroidered linens and lace tablecloths, and more silver tableware.  Beneath this labyrinth, she showed me deeper and deeper cellars for roots and apples, preserves, ciders, wines and firewood, although she bustled past a stout, closed door with a wave and the single word, apothecary.  Altogether, the rooms she showed me formed quite their own kingdom.
“I don’t have the patience to sit for him, Watson.  It’s fortunate the elder Paget has been willing to do so.  And his renderings do align with your descriptions of me.”  Holmes selected one of the notebooks arrayed to his right, opened it with a flick of his wrist and reached for the brush from his glue pot.
Maria ran her fingers through Harry’s light blond hair that went just past her shoulders. It was soft minus the parts with dry blood. Maria slid her knife blunt side down against the back of Harry’s neck, Harry struggled away from the touch but couldn’t do much being tied down. She barely managed staying quiet, but she wasn’t about to let that psychopath have her amusement.
Sherlock shrugged, “You seemed rather irate with me, not to mention the following day was when you swore off all experiments- the second time.”
“What…” John’s brows furrowed, that wasn’t what he was expecting, what if it wasn’t Sherlock after all?
Sherlock instead dived his head back under the water, letting the air press out of his nose. That was better. He could breath much easier like this, though he wasn’t sure how.
Molly was very surprised to see the consulting detective on her porch, and even more surprised to hear he was taking care of his neighbor’s cat.
He had told John that he would bring him anything he needed. But he knew that sometimes people couldn’t ask for the things that actually got them through the night. Greg took the folded up scarf and tucked it into his coat pocket. Maybe what Sherlock wanted was to make sure that he was still a part of John’s life.
“Oh, right, yea… lost a contact lens.” He cleared his throat. “Well if it’s all finished up you can tell everyone to leave, post some officers as guards for the time being. I’ll just be a moment.”
“Your voice… it’s very deep. Sorry, shouldn’t assume, just it seems like the voice of someone tall.” John tried imagining him in his mind.
“I’m not about to do something rash, look up. We’re next to the building, we just need a- ah, very good. There’s a pipe leading to the roof, likely a ventilation system up there. I just need to look inside.”
John rubbed his arm sheepishly. “Molly’s.” He said as softly as he could without whispering. This was ridiculous, he was a grown man and acting like he was caught with a toy he couldn’t have.
“That doesn’t even make sense! You said this was for apprehending criminals! What are you planning? Giving them a hand job after you’ve drugged them?”
Sherlock looked at John in a calculating manor. “And what about you?” He had turned his gaze back on Mycroft. “How will you ride out this stupid storm?”
"I know, but well, we've been here all night, the sun's already up." Lestrade glanced at a near by window allowing the first few rays of daylight in the police station.
“Boss I really don’t think there’s anyway they could get away.” Moran stood awkwardly in the doorway of a control room set up with tv monitors with his rifle hanging from his shoulder.
John’s hand trailed down the sheets. This was wrong. He knew he wasn’t moving on and he had to get sleep for work in the morning. He turned to head for his own room.
“Your limbs will stay in place. Look.” Sherlock grabbed John’s torso and lifted him into a sitting position. He slumped over slightly but remained relatively upright.
Sherlock bent his neck down. The panel on the plexiglass case fell open, killer bees beginning to flow out. He grabbed the vile with his teeth and tilted his head back to swallow the greenish substance. It was a significantly larger amount then John had spilled into his cut. Sherlock could feel the internal burn immediately.
“But you did, you let him think that you were like him, that you’re normal, but you’re not Sherlock. You need to learn that caring is not an advantage.”
Sherlock had a confused expression. “Well some of them I’m still working on how to do, but the majority are possible. Just in need of testing is all. Please John? I really need you, you are of great value to me.”
John sighed, “You haven’t yet, doesn’t that count for something?” Somehow, the though of Sherlock outside in the storm was far worse then being locked up in the flat with him fighting off tentacles. He gently placed his hands on the coiled limb around his waist. “You can control this.”
Greg held his breath, his heart racing faster then it ever had. This could be his only chance to get Mycroft while he was off guard. Surely he had a weapon on him somewhere, and he doubted the politician had much training in physical defense, though he couldn’t be certain. The second he saw his chance, he attempted to rush at him, hoping to find a knife or anything. He would just escape, not hurt him, then seek medical professionals for him.
Maria began to type and quickly hit send. The incriminating chirp of John’s phone was closer then even she would have suspected.
“Sherlock?” John murmured out sleepily. His eyes glanced over the bed and saw his flatmate was gone. “SHERLOCK!” He jolted up, quickly getting to his feet. He spied Sherlock doubled over in the doorway a moment later and ran to him. “Lock!! What happened!?” He attempted to coax him into sitting up a bit. “You shouldn’t have left bed.” He placed his hand on Sherlock’s forehead again to check his temperature, which was still pretty hot.
"What? Where is he? Was that from a speaker?" Harry seemed truly perplexed as the detective gestured her to sit down while he cupped his hands around something small.
John blinked. “Well, I’m glad we’re not lost and all, but what exactly is she suppose to do? We can’t exactly stay at the flat anymore.”
John recalled Mycroft saying something similar a few days prior. He kneeled by the pillows gathered and softly pet the messy head of curls right between the cat ears. “What am I going to do with you?”
It was fifteen minutes before John came rushing through the door of 221B. He knew it was not an emergency,
John laughed. “Of all things that you are, trust me, ‘boring’ is not one of them.” This was by no means a compliment, but he wasn’t too sure Sherlock would understand that or not.
“Good, you’re here. I need you to figure out what went down here.” Lestrade gestured to a dead body sitting behind the wheel of a car.
“You’ve put him in a dollhouse full of rats? No offence, but I really did expect something more original the that.”
Sherlock’s mind was failing him for an answer, but John’s was not. The moment the hatch opened he went into soldier mode. He quickly assessed the wooden room in front of him through the small door; it was clear. Turning around to see the door behind him he could see the faint movement of long limbs. He dived through the door to the empty room in one fluid motion. Garish pink wallpaper was peeling off the splintered wood of the walls behind the cheaply made and non-functional furniture. It was clear to John the original wooden structure had been chosen to remind him of his current size. Through the door he could see the creature coming for him at a quicker pace then he had initially anticipated. The small wooden frame caused the tarantula to take additional time, it’s limbs struggled to reach John. The small man knew his only options were flight or fight. He had been listening to Moriarty though, there were six tarantulas in all, one was mere inches from him, though compared to his size it was more like a few feet, one was occupied with a rat at least for the time being, which left four more that could be anywhere in the dollhouse just waiting for him. He couldn’t take a chance by running through another room, there could be one around any corner, and with this one already hot on his trail, having two after him would most definitely end in death.
John caught himself making two cups of tea by mistake, one had been intended for Sherlock. He sighed and pushed it aside on the counter. He didn’t want to fuss with cleaning it now anyway.
John chuckled, “It might be. I hope… I just really want this to go well ok? I… sort of haven’t met him yet.”
Molly was glad she had opted for wearing flats, the soft padding on the bottom of the shoes allowed her foot steps to blend in with the rest of the city noises. It was a few blocks away that Maria stopped and opened the hatch of a garage door to a closed warehouse. Molly turned down an ally, waiting against the wall for them to go inside. She couldn’t get closer without being detected.
That was a great blow to the former military doctor. “  I- I! “ He goes silent for a moment thinking. “I help.”
John looked at the open door. He could just go right now and pretend he never heard this. But obviously the DI had been bottling this up for some time and there must have been a part of him that wanted to talk about it or he never would have said anything. Shite. John closed the door to the office and took his seat back.
“Just a moment.” He unlocked the door to see a husky man that had brought a cardboard box with him. “uh- Hello? Can I- uh, help you?”
The two continued through the area blindly, everything was far too large to make out any distinguishing features and recognize where they were. They eventually found themselves in a park trekking through shoulder length grass.
John let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding, “But yesterday… that thing you did… how was that even possible?”
“I must insist you leave this instant-“ Sherlock tried trailing after the woman heading straight for John’s room. She grabbed the door handle and pulled with great force revealing the relatively empty room behind it. “He’s not here.” She wasn’t sure if she had expected him to be there or not.
He could hear Mycroft following, though his pace was far from rushed. He was almost casual about the way he followed him. Greg had a sinking feeling from that, he almost knew before he grabbed the door handle again. Locked. Of course it had been.
“Very well then Gregory.” A long black car rounded the corner as they came down the stairs of the flat.
“Likewise. Now we can begin the next experiment.” Sherlock grabbed a towel and began drying off his still stiff flatmate.
“I am not infatuated with him.” His voice was barely above a whisper his eyes admit on not looking at her.
It didn’t take him long to get there and Mrs Hudson was more then happy to unlock the door for him. He didn’t have much time to look around before and he knew Mycroft would likely be pestering him about anything concerning in the flat. But John had actually seemed… surprisingly well. He certainly wasn’t holed up and unwilling to come out at least. He would be ok, he was sure of it.
That night he couldn’t seem to get the black nail polish off, he didn’t want to have to explain his life style experiment at work so he headed off to Tesco’s for nail polish remover.
“Well, it would be preferable if you didn’t date any more women.” Sherlock had no idea how to word what he wanted from John but luckily at this the doctor’s face softened a bit.
John sat on the edge of the bed. It wouldn’t be long before the sun would start to dip down and there wasn’t much he could do but wait for Greg to come back.
Sherlock paced across the flat as John was out retrieving his file. He didn’t want to leave the flat, not with what Mycroft had showed him looming over him. Was it even safe for John to return? Probably. Maybe. He wasn’t sure. It was the unsuredness that made him nervous. This was all new and he no idea what to expect. He adjusted the thermostat again. He felt like he was burning up despite how low the device already was. Perhaps that was part of his ‘condition.’ Or just nerves, hard to say.
Lestrade's eyes wondered the flat before falling on the kitchen with a few new scorch marks on the wall. "It happened in there then? Where was John at the time?"
A not so subtle moan escaped John’s mouth as his half firm cock came in contact with Sherlock. John immediately pulled back and tried to disengage himself. “Well we should start the day then eh? I’ll just go make some food…” he hurried out before the detective could stop him.
“Still don’t know how you can stand to live with him.” Lestrade chuckled, “If you ever need a break give me a call and we can grab a pint.”
“I’m sorry, you want to learn how to hack into someone’s computer? why?” Molly was use to eating lunch alone at school days, she was surprised when John walked in and started talking to her.
Sherlock understood. John was his equal as well as his opposite. He knew John was pretending as hard as he could, trying to believe that he was really feeling things when he was actually not sure.
John went quiet and a calm acceptance of the situation started to wash over him. He could use some jam…
Sherlock felt the hitch in John’s step at that and sank down in his chair further. He really didn’t want John to know about that side of him.
“Fine. Just fine. Listen-“ John pulled Sherlock aside, “Could you just, you know, tell me what’s going to happen at least?”
“Off the table!” John swatted the offending shoes away, “Really, you don’t have to ruin everything in the flat.” He set the steaming plate of pancakes and sausage in front of him.
Mycroft clenched his jaw and grabbed Greg’s thighs hard, pulling him closer as the suckers left noticeable marks there. Greg did his best to weakly clutch at the bed below him, but it was no use, his strength was gone. The tentacle around his dick abruptly let go, sliding down his trembling body until reaching his entrance.
“The ouija board is hardly practical, it takes you forever to tell what I’m writing- no spaces and all that, and you can’t exactly bring it with you on a case.”
Another body lay dead in the center of a dance floor. The club was a massive two story place and the manager was insisting the place didn’t need to be shut down for the night and his patrons didn’t need to be bothered with this information.
“What do we do if Lestrade can’t find us?” He was already following the mad genius down the chair leg.
“Joh-” Sherlock’s hand went up to his throat as he let out a dry cough. He was unusually parched. He wasn’t sure if his mouth had ever felt so dry before.
The detective sighed, “You know what I meant and besides, I thought you previously reprimanded me for eating food found at the place we’re investigating.”
"He had an accident with a chemical is all, I'm working on an antidote." Sherlock placed John on an end table and proceeded to look John all over for any injuries caused by Lestrade.
The clattering sound grew nearer and John walked with his head down pretending not to notice it until four young men came into view. One had been kicking a stone against a trash bin until they spotted John seemingly walking alone.
Knowing how John felt about people knowing about the experiments, Sherlock gave him a questioning look.
John gave up. He jumped onto the couch over dramatically and pouted in the oversized blue dressing gown, not noticing the D.I. that was sitting inside the flat already waiting for him.
“Well this has been an interesting surprise.” Mycroft held his umbrella in his lap as the car took off.
He carefully stepped into the following room, this one was clear and gave him a better look at his tied up boyfriend as he awaited death. John could see something he had only seen once before, fear in Sherlock’s eyes. He knew then that the genius had no plan of escape, couldn’t see one at all. Lucky for him he had John, and more importantly, John had a plan.
“Oh, it’s fine, really-“ he tentatively lifted the lid curious what it was and knowing Molly had never seen him outside of dressing and acting strictly male.
“That’s not what I mean! I’m sorry… but it’s not. I know you’re trying very hard, and I do appreciate that. Taking me out is probably the only thing saving my sanity at the moment. But this is all that my life will ever be if I am stuck. I can’t work, or even see people. I’ll just be hidden in your pocket from the world.”
“Oh… OH.” Shit. John had forgotten it worked by being plugged in. What the hell was he supposed to do? Whenever he turned his computer on, skype would come up and Sherlock was almost always online. He hadn’t planned it like that had he? No, that couldn’t be it. Why would he anticipate something as strange as that? Perhaps he could just sign out of skype and pretend to be busy, which to be fair was an accurate statement.
That same sly smile came across Sebastian’s face he continued looking blankly up at the ceiling. God how he had loved that man. But Moriarty was a madman who had no feelings.
“How… how are these even possible? You know what no, I’m not falling for this, you are clearly mocking my intelligence by allowing me to think these things are possible.” John’s shoved the list back at Sherlock. “I’m not stupid.”
"Oh please! It's written all over you!" She stood, now making an absolute scene of the matter. "No one calls you '
Hours passed and John wasn’t sure how much longer he could take it. From the corner of his eye he could see Sherlock as motionless as he was in deep thought. How the man could remain that still for so long without being drugged was beyond him.
John was left to his thoughts on an empty stomach and no clothes. Luckily it was only twenty minutes before the detective came back. By then John was wrapped in a blanket due to his lack of clothing.
John was unresponsive other then his eyes briefly flickering open before shutting again, an oxygen mask already in place.
Mycroft squeezed the coffee he was holding a bit tighter; “He’s a well respected detective- the best in his field! He’s certainly doing better without you around at that.”
John’s phone laid partially smashed next to him, Sherlock grabbed it before ducking down by his side and putting a cautious hand on his good arm.
John wiped the tears from his eyes and tried to stand again. “It really is actually. You’re half a foot shorter then me.” John picked up his slightly under five foot detective by the waist. Sherlock struggled against him at first but he was out muscled and outsized, he soon gave in and was limp in John’s arms. “I’m making you food, you’re going to enjoy it, and I’m going to enjoy being taller.”
John couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock was exceptionally fidgety the following morning. He seemed to be keeping tabs on the storm at every chance he could possibly get, though he refused to let John open the curtain.
“Fuck it, Sherlock, I’m already close. Don’t move, just for a minute.” A teasing Sherlock ignores him and continues pushing back.
Before he could finish his sentence, Sherlock was standing at the top of a mountain, a foot deep in snow, the crisp, thin air in his lungs and enveloped by silence.
Not long into the measuring process, John was rather enjoying himself. As Michael systematically took his measurements, they chatted about the footie and the weather.
As John surveyed their family, he could not have been happier. Of course, the epicentre of this happiness was the beautiful man sat opposite him, face animated by whatever he was discussing, the candlelight emphasising the peaks and shadows of those extraordinary cheekbones and the extravagant lips. John had originally proposed they wear matching suits but Sherlock had dismissed the idea as ridiculous. Instead they had agreed to wear morning suits but each to choose their own colours. Sherlock had gone for a dark charcoal grey with, of course, a silk aubergine shirt and a matching dark purple rose in his buttonhole. John had known instantly that Sherlock had worn the shirt for him.
It was just as well, as it turned out, because Sherlock ended up spending a considerable amount of time looking after Johanna. Certainly far more than anyone, most especially Sherlock, could have predicted.
you? Charlotte was properly upset” She wandered from the living room to the kitchen looking for John and went down and knocked on the bathroom door. She frowned when there was no answer and paused for a moment outside Sherlock and John’s bedroom door. Less confidently, she knocked but there was still no answer. Mrs. Hudson moved Charlotte into the crook of her arm now, checking the baby’s breathing had returned to normal. She wondered if maybe Charlotte was hungry and had John popped out for more formula. She wrinkled her forehead at the idea, knowing perfectly well that John would have taken the child with her in the sling or even just asked herself to mind the baby.
On the fourth day, a bomb was exploded on the Union Bridge that linked Horncliffe in Northumberland with Fishwick in Berwickshire. Two pedestrians walking their dog were killed. Sherlock received an email with a grinning face and the same question “Did you miss me?”
“Yeah. Business, maths, English, history. Nothing hard though, I’ll have it done in about forty five minutes” She pulled the moveable hospital tray meant for patients to eat from, lowered it and started pulling out books. John watched, enjoying the normality of it all and, not for the first time, proud of their bright, motivated daughter. He turned and smiled at Sherlock’s face to share the moment but of course got no response.
Somehow his room seemed different this morning, no longer his space but just another room. He grinned at himself, deciding he was jumping the gun a bit if he was already planning on moving his belongings downstairs. One day at a time, they had agreed and he needed that as much as Sherlock did. John was ecstatically happy; he felt the very same as he had when he was 8 years old and had been given the bright red chopper bike for Christmas, but he did have some reservations about this change in his relationship with Sherlock.
“I, Sherlock Holmes, do take you John Hamish Watson, to be my husband; to protect and treasure from this day forth.”
There is an interview I have seen with the cast and an interviewer (no of course I can't find the link). There is a brief discussion of fanfiction and Stephen Moffat comments to Benedict that:
He and Sherlock had practiced this as the quickest route to the old cabbies office and from his closer starting point he knew this meant he would be there first. He was filled with pride at being able to help Sherlock and his trusted position in making this plan work. It had been a long time since anyone but Sherlock had trusted him and Billy was determined not to let him down. Clambering across the roofs and swinging around the chimney, he saw the cabbies in the distance. A minute later he was sat on the roof edge looking straight down into the grimy window. He phoned Sherlock
.Please be aware that work is E rated. She is not John's daughter with Mary but John and Sherlock's child. I am currently working on a story about how she came to be in 221b.
A minute later, Sherlock followed him in the door and John clutched at him, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck then kissing him all over his face, lifting Sherlock’s hands to kiss his fingers. Sherlock responded just as fervently, holding John’s face and kissing him in a deep, hard kiss until both had to draw breath. Not bothering to remove any clothing, John pushed his hand inside Sherlock’s trousers and groaned to find his husband already fully hard. His husband. The words swirled themselves around his brain again and John could do nothing but drop to his knees, unzip the morning suit and take Sherlock into his mouth, wholly and completely, sucking as if his life depended on it.
Sherlock is silent and very still for a moment as he studies Mrs. Hudson’s concerned face. He leans forward, taps the limo driver on the shoulder and quietly tells him to drive on.
John stepped forward. He placed his other hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and drew him in close. Leaning into his ear, he whispered, “I’d like to show you something, if that's alright?” He pulled back to gaze up at Sherlock, who nodded in response. John took Sherlock’s right wrist and guided his hand, palm first, to his own sizeable bulge. Sherlock was greeted by the incontrovertible presence of a very hard, very well dressed, cock inside John’s new suit. He groaned.
Well that put paid to the Russian oligarch’s daughter, John thought, growing hard under his husbands wandering hands as they now lathered up his chest, arse, top of his thighs and balls. He could see Sherlock’s point of view,
“He was jealous, Sherlock. Just flat out jealous.” John sat next to Sherlock on the bed and shimmied in close, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and kissing him gently on the temple. “I’ve seen loads of cocks. No, not like
“Don’t tell me you are coming over all roman” The end of the sentence was stopped in John’s throat by Sherlock turning and softly kissing him, just once and by the time the lift doors reopened they were both facing forward again, although John had a faintly silly smile.
Detective Inspector Lestrade handed Dr. Watson a cup of luke-warm liquid the same shade of grey as the chair he was sitting on.
Slumping forward onto Sherlock’s belly, he pulled out, panting and sweating. Sherlock lowered his shaking legs and wrapped John in his arms and pulled him down to his chest, kissing his eyes lids and nose.
He smiled at the framed photo sat behind the glasses. Their wedding photo. He looked into the eyes that had worn those glasses and remembered Sherlock’s vanity when he had finally admitted, almost ten years later than John himself, that he needed glasses to be able to read properly. John had teased Sherlock that he hadn’t wanted anything to spoil the line of his cheekbones.
“The Guards followed every lead they could, including the local man and James Murphy Jnr, and hit nothing but dead ends. A number of theories were developed and pursued but nothing came of it or the investigation into the disappearance of Charles Doyle. In 1971, Professor O’Neill took it on from an academic and historical viewpoint. He spent twenty years on and off looking for the hoard but without success. That book I gave you outlines all his research. He passed the gauntlet to me when I took over as Head of Department.”
They were interviewed at length about their health, income, support network and the flat was thoroughly examined for safety hazards. Sherlock proudly showed them his clear labelling system and containers used for his more expansive experiments.
The traffic had finally stopped and John crossed the road, heading towards the park. That was why he had done what he had done with Mark Willis. Sherlock had explained the first day they had met that sex was not his area and John had needed to find some way of directing this pent up desire. Oh and now look what had happened to the poor man.
“Oh God, Mary I don’t know what to think. We, we need to talk. Sit down, it’s cold in here, I’m going to get Charlotte another blanket.
Sherlock removes himself from this cacophony of self-righteous condemnation of his drug use. Alone again, he starts to draw a bath then moves to the sink to begin the ritual of shaving. The morphine now wearing off, his face is sore from the slaps Molly gave him in the lab. Why had she been so surprised, he was a junkie? Why were they all so surprised? John had been gone for nearly a month, no word, no contact until today. What else did they expect him to do? How else would he fill this abysmal hole in his heart?
“Indeed, Lestrade, she made herself quite clear. However, I do believe we may have retrieved the murder weapon. I need to run a few tests to be sure but will get back to you in the morning. Now, do not call me again today. John and I have plans”. He hung up despite Lestrade still ranting on the other end.
From his office window, Eoin Fitzgerald watches the two men stride away over the courtyard garden hand in hand. He had been rather taken with John when they had spoken on the phone but Sherlock had been a revelation. He watches them until they pass through the archway into the College’s main entrance, admiring the elegant way the taller man moves. When he can no longer see them, he lowers the window blind, then quietly locks his office door.
John screwed up his face in concentration, trying his best to understand but not succeeding. He shook his head at Greg “C’mpare?”
The friction wasn’t quite enough though and John looked around frantically. Grabbing a convenient pot of Vaseline from the coffee table he slicked up his hand and then wrapped it around both their dicks and stroked and teased until he picked up speed. Eyes screwed shut with the effort of staying silent, the only sound the slap of skin on skin, Sherlock clung to him until with a silent scream and his head buried in John’s neck he came, quickly followed by John who jerked and pulsed through his orgasm.
“Ladies and gentlemen. You are welcome here today to celebrate the marriage of John Hamish Watson and William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Please take your seats. Before we begin the ceremony, John and Sherlock will light a candle to remember loved ones who cannot be here with us for this special day.  The silent group watches carefully as John and Sherlock join hands and light a stout, plain, ivory candle resting in a black, cast iron holder just to the right of the dais. As the flame flickers and takes hold, John looks up into Sherlock’s face who smiles down at him and takes his hand.
"Here, take him". Sherlock shoved the puppy at John, "I told you he didn't like me. We'll have to get him new dog tags." In addition to the bed, collar and food, Sherlock had insisted they get the puppy a tag in the shape of a bone, engraved with "Angus. Property of S. Holmes. Please call 020 7076 7856 if found."
Sherlock meets John’s eyes, sees the calm and hint of a smile in them. He wants all these people to be gone, instantly and for there to be no-one, and nothing, except him and John.
His husband. John repeated the words to himself again. He stared at Sherlock, watching the way his eloquent hands moved as he spoke and arrogant lift of his head to look down at his nose at Lestrade when contradicted. The carefully cut curls and the broadness of his shoulders and chest in that immaculately cut suit. John couldn’t quite believe this man could be his for forever. His.
“We have had the information back from the mobile phone company. They tell us that the last call Willis received was made from a phone using a sim card bought the day before. It was only used to make that one call and has not been used since. It was a pre-pay sim card bought in a supermarket. Untraceable”.
In honour of Ms. AtlinMerrick and Ms. Winklepicker, the role of Professor Eoin Fitzgerald in this chapter will be played by Domhnall Gleeson.
Sherlock reached the gate first and yanked it open, waiting for John. He slammed it behind them, just avoiding hitting Armitage and, grabbing John by the hand, they turned right out of Aberdare Gardens and then the second left onto Fairfax Drive. Armitage was still chasing them, the man slowed down somewhat by his size but making up for it with powerful thighs and obvious fitness. Sherlock dragged the panting John right again and then they disappeared into the crowds of people entering Swiss Cottage Tube station.
John stroked his hand lightly down Sherlock’s forearm, feeling the beginnings of the muscle wastage in its thinness. Reaching up again, he brushed his fingertips slowly through Sherlock’s hair, front to back, pulling gently on a curl and letting it spring back. They were mostly grey now, having stayed black for considerably longer than John had thought reasonable. Even now, there were still a few black hairs here and there.
John looked up at Sherlock, eyebrows raised. "Yeah, that's a bit disturbing." He turned back to Mycroft. "Even more disturbing is that you let him escape after he did that. You should have increased his supervision."
Mary hesitated, glancing at Sherlock and then at the door, but whatever she needed help with must have been serious enough for her to endure an awkward conversation. She sat in the chair, placing her handbag on the floor by her feet.
for all your help with this fic. And thank you to everyone who has been reading and commenting along the way--you kept me writing even when it seemed like I would never be done!
Sherlock sat, staring at the screen, but no more messages came. The possibility of replying flitted through his mind, but even if he'd known what to say, he didn't want to give Moriarty the satisfaction. It was bad enough that he would have already seen that all his messages had been read.
Beyond clothes, he thought there was little of their own that they would need at his parents' house. Some toiletries from the loo, their phone chargers, Stone's favourite chew toy—the rubber would come clean easily with a bit of soap and water. He loaded everything into two small bags, recalling the last time he'd done this alone, when he'd packed several bags to bring to John in rehab. No need for sentimental photos this time, at least.
John unloaded the car by himself, making several trips to haul boxes into the flat while Sherlock got Eve out of her cot and changed and fed her, narrating everything he did to a transfixed Rosie. The food John had ordered arrived, and John and Sherlock ate in the living room, while Rosie unpacked all of her old baby toys, holding up each item in turn so she could explain it to Eve, who rocked in her swing.
"I told you when I called you," Sherlock said. "She left. She put on a pair of my jogging trousers and a t-shirt and walked out of the flat without either John or me noticing."
He forced himself to stop thinking about it by looking around the room, trying to see if there was anything he needed to do in here before Eurus woke up and demanded her eggs. He'd cleaned up almost everything, but the sheets did still need to be changed. He couldn't see it with the top one pulled up to Eurus's chest, but he knew that the bottom sheet had been soaked through during delivery, and while it may have dried by now, there was blood on it. Blood. Not a lot, but enough. In John's mind it had merged with his memory of the walls of Sherrinford, painted the colour of dried blood during the middle of Eurus's torture games.
"Don't worry about it." Aunt Eurus waved a hand. "I never get to spend any of the Holmes's family wealth, so I think I'm entitled to splurge a bit for Christmas, don't you?" She put her hands behind her back, which made her look even more like Sherlock, and glanced around the flat. "You haven't decorated for Christmas yet?"
John came back out a few minutes later, dressed for bed. "I left your toothbrush and your meds out on the sink for you."
"Eve will be up at least twice anyway, and I slept longer than I expected to this afternoon. I might eventually get tired, but you have work tomorrow, so you should definitely get some rest."
He shook his head to clear Moriarty's voice from his mind before heading into the bathroom for a quick shower. He gave his hair the minimum amount of attention it needed for him to appear in public, and picked out clothes that were presentable but not his best. A suit that wasn't new and a plain white shirt, not one of the darker colours that John was so fond of seeing him wear. Shoes and socks and of course his coat. He pulled it closed around himself, though it was a pleasant enough day outside.
Rosie was a little worried about how Dad was going to react when he saw her drawing, but she'd worked really hard on it and wanted to show it to him, too. She pulled it from the tube she'd carried it home in and carefully unrolled it, spreading the paper out on the kitchen table.
Sherlock strode off to have a shower and John leaned back in his chair, feeling relaxed enough that he thought he might be able to fall asleep, until a cry from down the hall pulled him back to full wakefulness.
John's smile widened as he tucked his lunch bag into his work satchel. "I'm glad you finally figured out the connection with Moriarty. I feel a lot less guilty about going to work now."
They watched as John left the library and headed back the way he had come. He passed the chemist at 9:57, presumably on his way back to Mummy and Daddy’s house.
"What are you—you've been training him?" John watched as Stone got up and moved to lie in front of the window.
"There is," Sherlock said. He shook free of John's grip and crossed the room, pushing past Mycroft to reach the coat rack so he could pull a set of car keys from his coat pocket. "Return the blue Passat that's parked down the street to the Smithfield Car Park at Barts. Please."
"Are you suggesting that I am less able to get in and out of a bathtub than your 75-year-old parents?"
"You looked fine for someone who'd been drugged unconscious and handcuffed in an abandoned office building." Maybe they should have let the reporters at the hospital see them, so the news could have shown that, instead. "Just turn it off."
Where Mycroft was, and Anthea, and Mrs. Hudson with her new friend the bodyguard. And John, maybe, if he'd got back already. Sherlock bent over and scooped Stone into his arms so he could move faster, then took off down the street, running towards the dark plume of smoke that was rising over Baker Street.
"Just from the car park, yeah." He motioned towards the street. "I tried calling you and you didn't answer, and I thought—"
From what Sherlock recalled, Moriarty had been an annoyance but little else, more full of his own cleverness than anything. Yes, he'd killed a number of people, but once they'd figured out who was behind the deaths, he'd been relatively easy to track down and imprison, especially given his tendency to want to show off his crimes.
"These are fine," Sherlock said, without pausing as he cut out a heart from a half-sheet of pink paper. Only the tips of his fingers fit through the plastic handles of the scissors he was using.
He turned away from the bed. "Erm, can you text Wiggins and have him pick up some sanitary pads? The thick kind."
He pushed back the panic threatening at the thought. A doctor, and a soldier, if need be. He glanced at Sherlock, who was hovering between the loo and the bed, looking like he needed something to do. "Go round up whatever you can find in the flat that's left over from when Rosie was a baby. You can probably find some nappies that aren't too big if you look hard enough."
He got dressed in yesterday's clothes, intending to creep down the stairs as quietly as possible so as not to wake anyone who might still be asleep, but as soon as he opened the door to the stairwell, he heard footsteps coming up. Mrs. Hudson, on her way to pay Sherlock her usual morning visit. John ran down the flight of stairs as fast as he could, but she had a head start and got to Sherlock's door before he did.
"I want to hold her now." Eurus lifted her arms into the air, staring past Sherlock at the baby on John's shoulder—Eve. Her name was Eve.
The party was not enjoyable. Few parties were, but at least he was with John. Sherlock sipped at a glass of punch and followed him around, wishing cops were better at baking. There were platters of store-bought mince pies and biscuits and little else. Molly was here, but even she hadn't bothered to make anything from scratch.
"You—you've been spying on me the whole time I've known you?" The hurt in John's voice was painful to hear, though this twist in events was much more palatable than the idea that he had been sleeping with her.
John slipped his hand beneath the waistband of his pants, relishing the coolness of his fingers against the flesh there. He stroked lightly along his cock and then took himself more firmly in hand, shoving his pants down, out of the way. He would take Sherlock in his other hand, if Sherlock let him. Or maybe Sherlock would take over for them both—he did like to be in charge. Yes, it would be Sherlock's hand on John's cock, now, his long fingers sliding up and down, faster and faster, with just the right amount of force. He closed his eyes and pressed his head back into his pillow, trying to imagine what it would feel like, how much more it would be than just him here alone. Sherlock, in bed next to him. Two cocks, hard and slick. The narrative he was telling himself slipped, losing its coherency. Hands, moving, faster. Sherlock. Both of them, together. Now.
"Okay, get up now. It's getting uncomfortable and you're probably cutting off my circulation." John tapped him on the thigh to get him to move, and Sherlock reluctantly stood and took a seat at the table across from Mycroft and Anthea.
Sherlock pulled his legs up onto the sofa cushion and laid his head on John's shoulder. "I thought you'd be angry."
"I don't need to defend myself. You're not going to kill me." As he said it, Sherlock willed himself to believe it, knowing that Moriarty would be able to see if he showed any doubt or fear.
"Sorry. You—" Sherlock held the envelope out to him. It was very thin, which seemed like an ominous sign.
"You...love me. And now you want to...." John's mind replayed every time they'd ever touched each other, every glimpse he'd ever gotten of Sherlock's body, and every fantasy he'd ever tried to drive out of his own head. He dropped his hands to his belt and began to unfasten it as he made a decision. "You penetrate me." He swallowed; he hadn't meant to sound quite so eager. "If you're willing, of course," he added, and tipped his head up to see every bit of Sherlock's reaction.
Sherlock stared back at him, then looked away, not at Eurus and the baby but at something beyond John's shoulder, presumably the closed door to the landing. "Mycroft locked her up for life, based on her actions when she was a child. Yes, she's killed people. But we all have blood on our hands, Mycroft perhaps most of all, even if he's never pulled a trigger. And Eurus saved my life."
"Another mystery gift from Eurus?" John suggested. Too small to be another piece of furniture—maybe she'd sent a pillow for the glider.
"John?" Sherlock asked, and John knew he must have let his thoughts show on his face. "Do you want me to go run a bath? We could get in together, wash each other's backs."
"I told you yesterday that I was going in to tell them about Mycroft's bodyguards. I tried to wake you up when I was leaving, but it didn't work, but then I figured I'd be back before you got up anyway. What's going on?"
“No, Sherlock and John both refuse to let me do that. But Moriarty wouldn’t have had time to disguise the phone’s signal, or route it through a false trail, which means we can triangulate its location anyway. It won’t be quite as accurate, but we should still be able to find him.”
"Stop scaring people for no reason," John said, giving Mycroft a glare that made Sherlock quite proud. "No one is going to shoot us. Stone, come here!" he called to the dog, who bounced up from his spot by the back door, tail wagging.
Sherlock pushed back a stray surge of emotion—why should he care if Dreyer was dead? The man had worked for Moriarty for years; he'd brought this upon himself.
Sherlock shook his head and leaned back against the worktop, keeping himself between Mummy and Mrs. Hudson and the block of knives, so they couldn't escalate their feud.
"John," he said, and clasped his hands behind his back. He stood in the middle of the room, wearing his dark blue dressing gown over a thin white t-shirt and a pair of grey pyjama bottoms.
"Fine. Give Mrs. Hudson a bodyguard." John resumed his caressing of the back of Sherlock's neck. "Make sure it's someone who doesn't mind putting on a few pounds, because she's going to try to feed them up."
Sherlock stepped closer to the bed, still holding the baby, looking much more natural than he had when he'd first held Rosie. "She's all right," he said, nodding at Eurus. "Give her some time. She needs to process everything that's happened."
"You weren't shirtless until after Anthea knocked Moriarty off the air. Only a few people saw you. Take it off."
"Mm-hmm." John wondered if she'd ever cut up a giant box for her own children to play with. Maybe Sherlock had wanted a pirate ship. "Rosie, go sit with Granny Hudson for a minute while I use the knife, all right?"
The thought washed over him, stronger than any fear he had about what might await him. He recalled how terrified he had been when he had learned that Moriarty had captured John.
"Sorry, sorry. I know I told you I could keep her till five, but, it's just, I have a date tonight, we met online, and it will take me some time to get ready, and...." Molly trailed off, looking not at John but past him, as if she expected Sherlock to come running down the stairs to say something rude about her plans for her date. Though now that he thought about it, John hadn't heard him insult her in quite some time. Possibly before Sherrinford.
"I have no idea if she wants to nurse, Sherlock. You can ask her. Did you really get all of that done while I was in with her?"
He began to compile a list of possibilities but had only thought of two when the telly emitted a short buzz and then Moriarty’s voice filled the room.
Mummy called them for tea soon after, and while the food was excellent, the rest of the afternoon and evening were as tedious as Sherlock expected. Even watching Mummy and Mrs. Hudson pretend to be civil to each other soon grew boring.
“He’s got to reach the wheel lock in the front,” Sherlock said, his own hands mimicking the motion of John’s as he crept closer to his goal.
John shook his head. The thought hadn't even occurred to him, though of course Sherlock's parents did deserve to know that they now had a grandchild.
"But." He raised the card a few inches higher between them; John was still holding his wrist. "I need you to know how I feel, too. I could have made you a card." He was repeating himself, he knew. He glanced down at the card, at the careful and intricate pencil work John had done. "In fact, this looks almost exactly like something I would have made myself."
Mummy elbowed Mrs. Hudson out of the way so she could clear Sherlock's empty breakfast plate from the table. "He's your brother."
"Oh, for God's sake," Mycroft said. "How many texts did she schedule before she left, hmm? John, check and see if there are any more in your queue."
"Here, watch." John pressed his thumb lightly against Eve's forehead and then lifted it. "See the difference?"
The belief didn't seem to factor into John's daily life. When they'd first met, he'd told Sherlock that after he'd been shot, he'd asked God to let him live. And he'd been married in a church, and had Rosie christened as an infant, of course. But he didn't make Rosie say grace before meals, hadn't taught her any prayers, and never took her to church, except at Christmas and Easter. When Sherlock pointed out that there was no reason to drag her to services even twice a year, John bristled and sent her off with Mrs. Hudson to buy a dress for Christmas Eve.
Moriarty giggled. "I was afraid you wouldn't notice if I sent just one message. Seems like you've been overlooking quite a few things lately."
“Oh, he’s feisty!” Moriarty stood up and turned towards the camera. “Good thing he can’t move or I think he might hurt me!”
"All right." Sherlock didn't look up from his phone, until he replayed John's words in his head. "Wait—that bathtub." He stood up, dislodging Stone, who'd been sitting with his head on his lap on the sofa.
"And I haven't entered it." Mycroft tilted his head and spoke with a veneer of good manners. "Your presence is requested with the rest of the family in the kitchen."
“Mummy says he ate breakfast enough for two here. And he’s not at The Sheldon Street Café—I’ve already checked with Peter Harrison.”
John's stomach tried to curl in on itself. Sherlock had drugs hidden in his flat. While he'd been babysitting Rosie over the past year. "Tell me what you had."
John reached out and took a biscuit from the top of the stack. "Maybe we can save the pizza for later tonight. And then tomorrow we'll start cooking and eating healthier." He looked up at Sherlock as he took a bite of the biscuit.
"My apologies," said Mycroft. "But there will be cameras installed, as well as round-the-clock guards both inside and outside the building."
"Yes, I'm apparently not up-to-date on all the possible uses of this newfangled technology," Sherlock said.
But no, that was John's voice. He swung his head to the left, to the open stairwell door, just as the crack of a gunshot split the air, louder than he had imagined.
John shook his head. "Just 'we regret to inform you that you have not been chosen for participation...very rigorous selection process...blah, blah'." He tossed the letter onto the coffee table and pushed Stone's nose away from the tray of scones. "Come on, boy. Let's go get a bone."
John dropped his gaze after a moment, rubbing absentmindedly at the flesh a couple of inches below his collarbone, just next to the scar. Sherlock wanted nothing more than to brush his hand away and replace it with his own; he wanted to leaned down and press his lips to the scar; he wanted to glide his mouth across John's chest. This had been a terrible idea. The worst. What had Molly been thinking? And why had he ever listened to her?
"Scene's pretty straightforward. I haven't let anyone touch anything. Not sure what you're looking for, though. We know how they died."
"Sorry." John lifted his head just enough to drag his face across Sherlock's cheek several times until Sherlock caught his head between his hands to stop him. John kissed him and then pulled away to speak. "You could get a little stubbly sometimes if you wanted to."
"Well, I suppose you think you don't," she replied. "Considering how you chased away all three cleaning ladies I hired for you."
"Not at all." John lifted his head to meet his eyes. "I mean, okay, individually, sure, we may each be a bit rubbish. But together.... Even apart I think we're both better than we were, and together I think we're just about perfect."
John felt the left side of his face twitch. He did need the loo, but he could go while Sherlock stayed in the room with Eurus. But was that their plan—one of them would stay in the room with Eurus and the baby at all times until...until what? Until Mycroft came and took Eurus back to prison and Eve—what would he do with Eve?
Sherlock interrupted him. "I'm not proposing that I take Rosie with me to visit her, don't worry. I think Sherrinford would be a bit much for any child to handle, even Rosie. What I'm suggesting is that they be allowed to play together. Rosie on cello, Eurus on violin. We could stay here in the flat with Rosie while they Skyped. They most likely wouldn't even speak to each other—Eurus has currently retreated into her head again, and is likely to remain non-communicative for some time, as she did all those years ago after she kidnapped us. But she still loves to play her violin."
"You used to do it more. We both did. You don't have to stop just because I don't bother with it anymore."
John was scheduled to work the next morning, so Sherlock started the day by trying to talk him out of it.
Sherlock continued to ignore both him and his own phone. "I was talking with Mrs. Hudson earlier, before the party. She said the same thing as Eurus—"
"A minute? Gemma could be dead right now," he said, before realising that it would then make no difference how quickly they got into the building. Thankfully, John didn't point out his lapse in logic. Sherlock grimaced as he listened to Donovan explain the situation to the cleaning woman. He knew his level of worry for Gemma was out of proportion to his usual concern for potential victims of crimes, but given that she had been the one who'd indirectly inspired him to propose to John, he thought he at least owed her a debt of gratitude. She certainly didn't deserve to be killed because of him.
"Mummy!" Sherlock leaned over the arm of his chair, towards her. "I didn't do anything. Why would you immediately assume I was to blame?"
"I will not throw them in the bin." Sherlock waved the plastic bag in the air a bit so the fingers slid back and forth against each other. "I need to examine them."
"I know. I've seen cranky Rosie. I'll get her back to you before that happens." She giggled. "Say hi to Sherlock for me, all right? I hope he's okay."
"Thanks." John pulled the surgical mask he'd been wearing off and shoved it into his coat pocket. "Sick patient. People only let themselves stare for a second, and they don't look at your face. By the way, there are three reporters camped out in the lobby, pretty sure they were looking for us. I was going to text you but I know you said we shouldn't use our phones."
Sherlock knew it was Valentine's Day. Rosie had been eating various sugary pink treats all week, even after the unfortunate incident with the box of chocolates. And of course, he'd spent Thursday afternoon helping her make cards to share with her classmates. But beyond that, he'd put the matter from his mind—it wasn't a holiday that affected him in any way.
John watched some of the tension ease out of Sherlock's posture. "If she's made the effort to find clothes that fit, she wants to escape. She's not planning to kill herself."
Sherlock flipped his pillow across the bed, whacking John in the face, then reached for his phone to check his messages. Nothing new from Mycroft, so yes, maybe he would have to spend the day playing with Moriarty's rings again. The thought held little appeal. Maybe he'd have a breakthrough in the bath.
After a moment, Sherlock resumed the massage, and John let himself relax into it. By the time Sherlock finished, his muscles felt better than they had in ages. He wouldn't need to take any painkillers tonight after all.
"I think you're underestimating your own skill as a physician. And I definitely know people—besides Mycroft—who can produce a birth certificate for us."
"Sherlock. If she.... Mummy and Daddy would never.... They still haven't forgiven me for not telling them she was alive in the first place. We need to find her. Now, Sherlock."
John's eyebrows went up, questioning, as if Sherlock were the one who might object to Rosie's demand.
Sherlock didn't reply, but he turned his back on John and Stone and began to walk along the pathway towards the front of the house.
"I'm willing." Sherlock ran his fingers awkwardly along John's ribs, then rolled back onto his left side and scooted closer. "Is this okay?" he asked, as he brought his right hand down and took hold of himself again. With each stroke he gave himself, the tip of his cock hit John's thigh.
"No, you're not." John put his arm around her. "You've got plenty of warm blankets and fuzzy pyjamas."
"Of course he is. And by the time Mycroft's people get there, he'll be long gone. This is getting old."  John closed his laptop with a growl. "I'm not going to sit around and wait to hear how we still can't catch up with him."
"Oh, God." John flopped back down onto the pillow. "Oh, God. I can never look your parents in the eye again."
"Good. Good." John smiled at him and Sherlock grinned back, then they turned as one to tell Rosie to stop trying to eat the few flakes of snow she had managed to collect from the ground.
While he was washing the dishes they'd used, Sherlock passed through the kitchen on his way to put Eve back down in her cot.
"I can't. It's stuck in my head," Sherlock replied. Across from John, he contorted himself even more, so his legs were hanging over the back of his chair and his head drooping down from the seat cushion. "Chim-chim-iney, chim-chim-iney, chim-chim-cher-ee," he intoned, for the hundredth time that morning.
"Well, you could share the bed with John, I suppose," Mummy said. "As long as he doesn't mind and neither one of you is a sprawler."
John swallowed the last bite of his noodles. "No, when I called Molly, I told her I would pick Rosie up from her place."
"Mycroft...." John could feel himself tipping closer to violence. He forced himself to step back and lowered his head, trying to control his breathing.
The reminder of the article from Moriarty sent a new wave of fear coursing through him. He tightened his hands on the arms of Gemma's chair and hoped John didn't press him on the topic.
"No one paid—Mummy! Whatever happened to the rage you were meant to have if you found out who shot me?"
"Yes," John panted, and tried to move their bodies closer. "I like everything, anything you do. Just touch me." He put his mouth on Sherlock's again and brought the hand he wasn't lying on up to tangle in his hair, eliciting a gasp from Sherlock.
John let himself be pulled to his feet, and they settled together on the edge of the rug in front of the fireplace. Sherlock fussed with the blanket, stretching it over his own shoulders and wrapping it around John, who sat nestled between his legs. After more than a year, the blanket and the rug beneath them finally felt like part of the flat, instead of simply being replacements for the ones that had been destroyed in the explosion. John leaned back into Sherlock's arms with a sigh, letting all the stress of the past month—the past year—slowly fall away.
"Mary shot you?" Mrs. Holmes turned to face Sherlock, her gaze briefly passing over John along the way. "What did you do to the poor woman to make her shoot you?"
“No, he didn’t mean—” Sherlock sat up, leaning forward to return the coffee table to its previous location in the hopes of distracting Mycroft from looking at his face.
Mummy wrinkled her nose, but John spoke before she could object further. "We appreciate the concern, but we've been through things like this before. We can take care of ourselves."
"As you can clearly see from the logo on that shirt, he hasn't run one since 2007. And he's put on over a stone since then. That shirt does not fit him."
"So, you'll have roast beef and potatoes for tonight," Mrs. Hudson interrupted. "Oh, and I brought your post up, too." She pulled a stack of envelopes from her apron pocket and set them on the table next to the scones. "At least I don't have to worry about that man sending any more gruesome packages." She shuddered. "And I'm very glad to be back home again, not that I didn't have a perfectly lovely time with your parents, Sherlock."
"You gave him Gemma's name? How did you even know...?" He turned his glare on John. "You told her about me seeing a therapist?"
"Sherlock!" John shouted again, and Sherlock tore his eyes away from Moriarty's body. John was in the doorway, sitting several steps down on the staircase, the gun in his right hand still trained on Moriarty.
Sherlock snorted, though it wasn't funny. "That's exactly what I said a year ago." He stayed on his back as he spoke, staring up through the dark at the ceiling. "When you got hurt, Mycroft and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson all ambushed me. They sat me down here in this flat and insisted I start the amitriptyline, even though everything I was feeling was completely normal, given the circumstances."
I did not expect the "getting together" storyline to be taking up so many of these prompts, and yet here we are. Apparently Sherlock or John will somehow encounter everyone mentioned on Sherlock's list??? You would think by now I would know how to plot/plan ahead of time instead of just making stuff up when I see that day's prompt, but no.
John let his tongue dart out between his lips as he considered. "I don't know. I didn't even know I did until just now."
And whose fault was that? Sherlock's, for being so damn magnetic? Or John's, for not being able to control his own desires? But he had been controlling himself, for years, since the day they met. That control had slipped, just the tiniest bit, over the last two days—understandable, he thought, given everything that had happened. He'd been too concerned with Eurus and the new baby to remember to keep himself in check. He'd have to be careful, get himself back under control again. Which meant he'd have to stop thinking about how it had felt yesterday, to have Sherlock's arms around him while he was panicking on the kitchen floor. Or how it had been even better today, to lean into the weight of Sherlock's hand on his back as they held Rosie together. Thank God she had been there, or John might not have been able to stop himself from pulling Sherlock into his arms for a kiss.
John met Sherlock's eyes and held his gaze, confirming what he now knew to be true. Yes, they were in agreement that they would do this, and while this might not be the circumstances that either of them preferred, being together was something they had both wanted for a very long time. Too bad they'd both been such idiots about it.
"Turn on your side," Sherlock said, his voice rumbling even deeper than it normally did, and John obeyed, moaning as he moved. Sherlock took hold of both their cocks, his hand large enough that he could easily do the job. "You like it slow but firm, right?"
He pushed himself upright, blinking in the dark. Why was it so dark? Next to him, Sherlock mumbled something incoherent and rolled over.
"No need for that. I can take it from here." There was the sound of a heavy package being slid across the stoop, then Sherlock called upstairs. "John, I'll need a hand with this, I think."
"Tedious? Mycroft, it wasn't from a number that I recognised, but you can track the phone and find her."
Eve gurgled and John let go of her hands. She waved them rhythmlessly in the air and he lifted her up again, bringing her to his chest and inhaling the scent of her milk-spattered hair.
John was in the living room, reading something on his tablet, which he'd been cleaning with disinfecting wipes several times a day, even though Sherlock hadn't touched it. He looked up when Sherlock stepped into the room, and Sherlock reached into the right-hand pocket of his dressing gown and pulled out the dust mask he'd got from the kitchen. It didn't meet hospital standards, or John probably would've already stolen it for the clinic, but it would do for their purposes now. He stretched the elastic over his head and settled the mask in place on his face, adjusting his hair over the band in the back.
"She's down with Mrs. Hudson. I got her telly logged into our Disney+ account, so they should be occupied for a while."
"And the last time I checked, you didn't work for the police any more than I do. Shall I call Lestrade to come get them, see if Scotland Yard can do a better analysis than I can? Maybe they can call Anderson in for a shift."
John looked up from the papers on the desk. "I'm comfortable, but you're the one with ice on your foot. Do you want a blanket? Or I could start a fire."
Molly nodded. "Eve. Yeah. I hope.... I mean, I think Sherlock will be a great father. He's a natural with Rosie. I just hope Eve doesn't end up like Eurus anyway. I know Sherlock used to pretend to be a sociopath, but he's really a caring person who was just trying to hide his emotions. So it's natural he would think his sister is the same, but she's an actual sociopath, don't you think? And yes, there can be a genetic predisposition, but the environment a child is raised in can also contribute—"
Sherlock let his eyes roam over John's body for a few seconds, until his cock was once more hard enough to put the condom on. He knelt again, spreading his legs so his knees were on either side of John's legs. "Get up here." He put his hands on the sides of John's ribs and guided him upright, until they were pressed front to back from shoulder to groin. He planted another mask-hindered kiss on John's shoulder, but when he reached around to take hold of John's cock, John batted his hand away. "What—"
"He's not a—okay, maybe he is. I'll catch him quickly, though. He's not as smart as he thinks he is."
He pushed Stone away from his wheelchair so he could exit the lift, not letting him lick his hands, which he'd scrubbed nearly raw over the last week. "Do not kiss me," he said to Sherlock, as he wheeled himself into the flat. "Do not try to kiss me."
"Hmm?" Sherlock paused and looked around, wondering what could have caught her attention on such a dreary afternoon.
He'd taken three steps when John said his name again. Sherlock turned, then followed John's gesture to look down the street, to where a long, black car was attempting to bulldoze its way through stalled traffic.
“Woo—didn’t expect that!” Moriarty, off-camera, clapped his hands. “Not going to do you any good, but still, an impressive display, Johnny. I can see why Sherlock keeps you around.”
Rosie gasped. "Is that a cello?" The case was huge, much larger than Sherlock's violin case, or the smaller student violin that Rosie still used.
"I know," Sherlock said. John sometimes got frustrated when he wasn't able to bring himself to orgasm as quickly as he could before, so it usually worked out better if Sherlock was the one to get him off.
Mycroft's eyes widened slightly. "She's bold enough to text me, now, too?" He drew his phone from his pocket and looked at it. "That's the country code for France."
Sherlock stopped next to the cot, holding Rosie so she could lean over and peer down into it. "Rosie, meet Eve."
Sherlock smiled back, though John could see the years of sadness behind it. "Having a mind palace hasn't been much of a help in this particular matter, I'm afraid. Every time I've considered attempting to initiate a more intimate relationship with you, I've managed to think my way out of believing you would be interested. A miscalculation, I see. One that I've made repeatedly."
John tipped his head first all the way to the right, then to the left. "No, I think I want to give my muscles a day or two to calm down first. Wouldn't say no to a bath, but I'm betting this flat just has a shower stall."
"Aw, sweetie, I'm so sorry." Molly scooted her chair closer and tried to put her arms around Rosie, but Rosie put her head back down on the table. "But it's good that you were here when she did that, with people around to watch out for you."
John shifted uncomfortably in his chair. Maybe Sherlock was right, and Eurus wouldn't harm Rosie, but then again, she had tortured her older brothers without a second thought, so the label of family was no guarantee of safety. He didn't understand anything about Eurus's motivations, and wasn't even sure he wanted to. "Why did she let herself be caught and returned to Sherrinford so easily?" Eurus hadn't put up a fight when Mycroft's men had shown up to remove her from the flat—she'd lowered her head and put her hands behind her back and let them lead her away without saying a word.
"Sorry, what?" John looked up at Sherlock, who had appeared silently in the living room and was now standing next to John's chair.
"Sherlock, I highly recommend that you not climax until Doctor Watson is close to doing so himself. It shouldn't be long, based on the rate at which his cock has begun to leak since you entered him."
"I don't know," Sherlock said. "At first, I thought it was because she knew she was a danger and wanted to be locked up again, but I think it's more than that. I don't think she's emotionally capable of being free all of the time, and I think she knows it. There's too much data out here—the world is so big that it's overwhelming. I feel that way sometimes, and her intellect is vastly greater than mine. I think she's more comfortable when she's limited to four walls and a pair of guards. She can retreat into her own mind when she's locked up at Sherrinford, and not have to deal with anything else."
They rolled apart and grabbed their phones in unison. It was Rosie's text alert, not her husband's, which had to be a good sign, John hoped. And it was. He and Sherlock turned back to each other, grinning and reaching to embrace as their screens filled with the image of Rosie and her new baby boy.
The speaker crackled as Eurus began to speak once more. "Oh, Doctor Watson. And Sherlock, my dear brother. I've already let Mycroft go home. The two of you are free to go, too. Anytime you want. Just turn around and open the door. It's unlocked, you see. It always has been. The two of you just never tried to leave."
"I don't know. Bella likes a lot of the same things I do, but she says she hates London and can't wait to get out of the city when she's done with her A-levels, so that probably wouldn't last, either. And most of the time I'm pretty sure I like boys more than girls, but we kissed at Chloe's birthday party and it was pretty amazing, to be honest."
"No, we'll be home all day today unless Sherlock has a case he hasn't told me about." John reached down and grabbed Stone by the collar before he could knock Mrs. Hudson off her feet.
"Erm, I am pregnant, but that's not why I'm here." Mary inched backwards, away from the two of them.
“Hello, Sherlock! And everyone else who may be watching, hello! Thank you for joining us today on our very first episode of
"Wait, John. Don't bring that upstairs." Sherlock stepped onto the landing outside his flat and gestured at the cardboard box in John's arms. "Just put it here, in the living room." He moved aside to allow John space to pass through the door.
Sherlock blinked again. Not just a sheet of paper. Not the way it was folded—it was a card. Hand-drawn, the front of it featuring a meticulously-penciled depiction of a human heart.
John ignored her comment. He took a deep breath and approached the bed to ask a question he'd never imagined he would need to ask of her. "How are you feeling?"
John laughed, then sat up all the way, pulling his whole body back until his feet dropped off Sherlock's lap and he was sitting up straight against the armrest.
“I need to test a hypothesis. Watermelons provide an excellent stand-in for the human skull when testing the stresses that it can withstand. Please hold it firmly on the ground. Yes, just there”.
“She’s fine, I checked, still asleep. She slept through!” John whispered as quietly as possible. Sherlock opened his arms and John shifted over to relax his head on Sherlock’s chest and be encompassed by a hug. They lay together for few minutes, dozing and enjoying the sensation of lying side by side, feet, knees, thighs, chests touching, breathing in rhythm. John reached up to kiss Sherlock gently and rubbed his morning erection into Sherlock’s experimentally. It had been a while, sex had come at the end of a long line of things to do since they became parents and nothing killed libido like sleep deprivation.
Greg looked at him for a moment “You know, real life isn’t like one of those programmes on TV where the cops turn up and the suspect tells them they don’t want to talk or have answered enough questions for one day and the cops leave, like that bloody Broadchurch or Lewis. I am the police, and you will answer my questions or I will have to fucking take you down the station!”
They had arrived outside a deserted taxi cab office, only a few minutes’ drive from Baker Street. It was an old haunt of Sherlock’s and well known amongst his homeless network. It had the advantage of a large unused car park outside and being small enough to easily contain. They had made sure there was still an electricity supply and as John forced open the old door, he switched on the lights.
They stared at each other for a long moment, each deducing the other, although Sherlock already knew his head to toe black burkah would not yield up too many clues. He removed the niqab covering all but his eyes and grinned at the brother he had not seen in seven years.
