"That is a good point," Tony concedes, smoothing out his suit jacket as best as he could. "Come on angel face, I'll call us a taxi."
"With rings."
But of course, when was anything ever easy.
Steve feels that like a punch to the gut. No, no he can't. Tony is dead. "I'll.. let him know."
"Oh Nat, he's engaged," Steve whines quietly, leaning against the back wall.
Steve nods slightly.
"As if this wasn't evidence enough?" He teases, pausing his tying to gesture at the bathroom with a raised eyebrow.
"From what I understand of Tony before Afghanistan, they were pretty similar. I'm just glad that whatever changed in Howard while he was being a parent didn't change in Tony for Morgan." Steve crosses his arms, half a smile still plastered on his face, but a flicker of genuine sorrow taking his words. It's not that he didn't like Howard, he did, but he also knew very well that the Howard he had known was very different from the Howard Tony had grown up with.
"Yes," he interrupts. "Of course."
"I don't know..." Bucky says, glancing back at Steve.
The hammer in his hand seems to crackle with energy as he grows nearer to the peak, the feeling of heavy electrified metal grounding him to reality. Since the moment he lifted it, he had doubted his worthiness. He had almost killed the man he loved. He was a liar, a killer, a traitor. He had led his friends to treason punishable by underwater super max prison, and they had followed because they thought he was a good man. He had no regard for his personal safety, would always throw himself on the blade of the knife, with no regard to what it did to those around him. He had tried to kill himself after loosing Bucky, but instead he found himself lost from his life seventy years later. For whatever reason though, the hammer decided he was worthy. Maybe he was.
Steve looks back up at him. "Of course. What were you thinking about for frosting?"
"Yeah, we've got places to be. You I assume will go take down HYDRA. For forever. We can tell Howard and Peggy everything we have on the infiltration of SHIELD, and the rest is up for you." Steve says, looking at Nat, who is staring right back at him.
"You hurt him again," James says. Tony mutters something along the lines of Jesus fucking Christ. "I break all your fingers." Yeah, Steve didn't exactly find himself doubting the merit to that statement. He was glad though. Glad to know that Tony had good people on his side, just like Steve's friends, all of whom he probably owed an explanation and apology to.
"Wait... how long has it been," Tony asks, wrapping one arm around Steve as best he can while trying not to mess with the wires. There was no telling what they were doing.
"Eerrrrhh!" Tony shouts over him, imitating a buzzer on one of the game shows Clint enjoyed leaving playing when he wasn't even in the tower. "Wrong. You didn't mislead anyone Steve. If anything, we were wrong to assume. You deserved the chance to come out in your own time, and I'm so fucking mad that you had that taken away from you." Steve mostly manages to silence the part of him that protests to the swearing. "Point is, I'm not mad at you. If anyone else even says anything, I'll beat their asses. Even Thor. Maybe not Banner though, the Hulk is very big. Besides, Banner is chill. He won't... that's beside the point. Anyways. Not mad. At you."
"Not true. J told me it was you. Are you gonna come over and kiss me now, or what." Tony smiles sweetly, spreading his legs.
"Oh I did. They wouldn't put your name, but turns out you can get almost everything you asked for when you throw money at things."
"The middle layer is double dark chocolate," Steve supplies, not wanting Pepper to murder his new boyfriend. Or—date. Whatever they were.
"Whatever." She looks at Steve, her eyes reverted unmistakable to their normal color.
He starts walking, his boots leaving heavy footprints behind him. "J, uh. Right for yes, Left for no. Is Steve's emergency tracker working?" Left. Damn. "Is mine?" Also left. "Great. Do we have enough power that I could fly to look for him?" Right. Great. Finally some good news. "Alright, up we go. Talk to you later buddy." Tony soars up into the air, frigid wind rustling through his hair. His helmet was jammed though, so he knew very well that he would just have to deal with it. He flies low to the ground, and slow, searching for any sight of red and blue. His arm hurts like a son of a bitch, but he would just have to live with that. As he flies out further though, he spots a distinct grey smoke against the chilly white clouds. That might be Steve.
But life is never that easy after digging tony found out Barnes innocence and went to talk to sam if anyone knew where they were it was sam and oh boy doesn't he regret it watching his parents die by the hands of Steve so-called best friend and finding out he knew about it made tony see red, he knew it would have come to this Tony fighting against two super soldiers and being left behind, he just wished it hadn't been his friends he fought or could he even call them friends, he wanted to give up let the world take them he didnt want to care he wanted to let go but watching the team working in sync with each other he was glad he didnt.
“yes I have been able to track multiple DNA Strands. One a super solder DNA and the other are various Mutant DNA Strands”
“WHAT” Tony burst out making the Dora standing straighter at attention because of the outburst “when and how you were supposed to be safe?” tony  paced back and forth the panic was clear on his face so something really bad must of happened.
“Tony” Rhodey called out as he touched his shoulder and arm grounding him giving him something to focus on again.
IN WAKANDA
“Shhh, it's okay its daddy,” Tony said gently picking her up into his arms.
“stop fighting stark we can do it the easy way or the hard way all you have to do is stop fighting.”
“Yes sir we are getting close to finding bartons farm it won't be long now” another voice answered in return.
“The Host shall prevail”.
{Fury} just saying IF we go through with it, what do you need from me.
Enchanted individuals paying for crime they didn’t even commit due to hate and fear individuals being dragged out of their home and treated as freaks for something they had no control of and what they were born with kids being bullied because of who they were being kicked out of school no less and being traumatized by people who wants to use them for their own gain T’challa forced himself to swallow the bile that rose in his throat cursing as he read a family of mutants killed out of fear and the man that committed the crime was patted on the back and walked way without punishment for committing murder his blood was boiling and this was only the first folder.
“I don’t know sweetheart they didn’t say” Tony tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear when it had fallen into her eyes.
“I dont know Tony but we need to find a way and fast her powers are growing on an extreme level the only thing we can do now is keeping her calm,” Charles said before stopping “Had she said anything this morning about her vision”.
Sitting down next to tony “last night I wanted to check on you but you were already asleep so I stayed the night, so I have been thinking while you are still you know flat bellied we should show you in public deal with the meeting for SI and deal with Ross before he just show up in the blue then get you out to events balls and charity events let people and paparazzi see you so if you do show and go into hiding people won't question it or wonder where you are, leaving you in peace standing while grabbing a glass to pour her orange juice, so what do you think”
“I had him on the ropes,” her uncle said pointing the gun at the dead man.
(2. He was handcuffed to the bed, raising his head (with was a bad idea because now his head is more of an agonizing pain then a dole throb) looking down his chest to see his whole lower torso is littered with bandages, and does that not bring back shitty memories luck this time they gave him an anesthetic.
“Tony have you figured out a way to help mason control her powers,” Charles asked drawing his attention back to him.
Sitting up in bed “you don't think I know that, that every time I go to sleep for even a second I get nightmare's and anxiety attacks like I did not have enough of that, to begin with, I know I need to see a doctor I know but I can't I have been poked and prodded and experimented on enough, that even thinking about going to see a doctor gives me horrible panic attacks”.
Tony could see the smirk on his face and it pissed him off does he have a sign on his forehead that says perfect human subject because if he did he really wanted it removed“WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME” struggling harder to get out of the cuffs so he could punch the now laughing guard in the face,
Moving a little bit closer just to add to the trick“It seems like it, barton your family misses you and you miss them dont be an idiot over a petty grudge hold against a man that dont deserve it” T'challa leaned forward “so tomorrow you get on that plane and you go home do you understand me”.
Hungry he was really hungry, usually his diet as he calls it contains cups after cups of coffee, cheeseburgers, pizza, and other junk food take out orders, whichever one he would get would always make him full or at least content and then he wouldn't need to eat breakfast the next morning or eat the next night but now he can't stop eating he was hungry all the time he could understand the first trimester to be like this but he never stopped being hungry, eating full portions five times a day and snacks in between.
“Fri, contact happy and tell him to get the car ready, ”
Shocked steve could only place his hands on Tony's hips, lips moving against his and hands in his hair, coming out of the stupor he starts kissing tony back.
“you dont Have to do this Tony”
Rhodey knew that pepper was worried he didn't forgive her for hurting tony but he could try and understand.
Shrugging mason looked at her father before looking back at Charles “I don’t know I just feel it in here” mason said pointing toward her heart.
“Steve” Sam called out shaking away his thoughts, he looked around to see most of the Avengers were already gone and Sam was kneeling in front of him “you okay you've been zoning out for a while now”.
“Its July 4th,”.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“Enjoy the rest of the party, your highness,” Tony said bowing his head a little.
“Did i just heard him right?” Sam asked still looking at the screen showing a just departed Tony Stark with pepper on his tail.
Yet another dream what could it possibly mean and a pretty normal visit part 2 to this day is still in the making
“I'm fine just need to go for a walk, clear my head before Tony get here,” Steve explains as he stood he could see the concern in Sam's eyes but he just pushes it at the back of his mind.
Settling into Charles study tony got straight to the point “So prof wanna tell me what happened after I passed out” he didn't want to waltz around what had happened on his way here and he wanted to know why and who had decided to attack him, his daughter and happy he had a very good idea of who but why now after months had past.
“he will be back” charles told erik, by the rush tony was to leave and the few minutes he was in his mind told charles all he needed to know, oh he will be back
He hadn’t noticed the figure curled up across the way, shadowed and still. In the starlight he could barely see the face, but the blue glow of the reactor stood out, so dull it was almost grey. Tony didn’t know how, but he knew if he reached out he wouldn’t be able to find a pulse, an exhale of air.
“Time travel.” The words sent a thrill of excitement through Tony’s body, and he couldn’t hide his grin as he reached for his phone. He needed to take notes, document his experience. He’d share them with Bruce, later. After Strange got him back to--
“I did. But I still own it.” Pepper had been quick to advise him not to do anything rash, like sell the entire tower out of grief. “But I get if that might be too gloomy for you? I mean, we all did live there, however briefly. But there’s plenty of other Stark properties to choose from.” Tony racked his mind, thinking of what he knew was nearby, away from prying eyes. “What about a lake house? There’s one not far from the compound, an heirloom of my mother’s mother.”
"Of course we'll be there," Steve says.
Tony leans his forehead against Steve's neck, his breath fluttering over his pulse point. "I love you."
"And you love it," Bucky taunts back, pushing Tony's legs off his lap. Tony grumbles, sitting up on Steve's lap instead. "I would say our best bet would be to—"
"You're dead."
"Surprisingly, I actually didn't find anything about that. Think Fury put a filter on my computer?" Steve bumps her hip with his and they enter the kitchen. She makes a direct line to the wall of liquor bottles and he jumps up onto the counter.
Before Tony can retaliate, the elevator slides open, revealing Victor, Wanda, and Peter, laughing. Steve could feel Tony's heart stop at the sight of Peter, but he looked perfectly healthy, for a 17 year old boy. Victor was the only one of them holding a gift. Peter turns away from Victor, his eyes passing right over Tony with only a twinge of emotion. "Hey guys! Wanda was just telling us a story about Mr. Rogers grabbing a pan from the oven without a mitt."
"Jeez, I'm sure he can't wait to meet you. Hasn't shut up about how he can't believe that we didn't recognize the Tony Stark." Bucky rolls his eyes. "It's cool that you're famous or whatever though. What do you do?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter looks at him and waves, but doesn't stop singing or dancing, which is pretty on par for who he is as a person. "Hi Victor. How are you two.. um.. doing?"
Tony looks up at him, turning to take Steve's other hand in his. "If you're okay with.. well.. all this."
"I will." She holds out her hand.
Tony smiles up at Steve, relived that he would still be alive tomorrow. "My Prince Charming. Ok, you two  can go dance or something. Steve and I are going to go find something to help with, right Steve."
"Just thought I'd let you know." He smiles back and continues walking. It's an odd sort of interaction, the kind that makes Steve's insides turn. Peggy had gotten over him—as she should've—and here was the proof. Steve follows after Daniel into the kitchen where the heated conversation between Peggy and Howard falls silent when he enters the room.
Tony let's out a huff. "When I was little.. I didn't even know birthday parties were a thing until someone else's came along. I think I was 11. My dad never threw me one, so I didn't get one until I was 17. It was just me and Rhodey. For a while, the celebration felt like a middle finger to my dad. I would have bigger and bigger parties.. and then he died when I was 28. They feel a little empty now. Sometimes my friends do something, usually I get a cake with pressure from Peter.. but.. I just don't care that much." His eyes are focused on the turned off phone he's fiddling with.
"Who?"
"I didn't call anyone. He was here for something else." Tony responds, kissing his cheek.
"It's okay. I know it's a lot. It's still more than I could've hoped for."
"Don't let me interrupt." Steve says, raising a brow at the two of them. Peggy stiffens here back.
After a fair amount of planning, Steve walks into Tony's penthouse—cake in hand—to find Tony sitting on the couch stark naked, surrounded by red and gold balloons and streamers that Steve had spent a lot of time on. "Tony what are you doing," Steve asks, averting his eyes. "I seem to recall you saying you wouldn't be back until 8."
"Mr. Pozdnyakov, I presume?" The mans voice makes Steve's skin crawl. How much blood was on his hands, how much more would be there by the time he was dead.
Unfortunately a search reveals nothing but tabloid gossip, and nothing about a Peter Parker. So he would have to ask Tony. It wasn't really that weird of a question, not given that someone had texted him claiming to be Tony's son. It could even be a bigger deal, like a security breach. Yes, he would definitely have to ask Tony.
"Nice to.. meet you too," Steve says, feeling the smoke rising from his brain. Maybe he should have just fled and made Sam take care of this. He didn't know how he was going to make it through this. "Um.. you can sit down over there if you'd like.. I'll get the samples."
Tony presses his finger tips to his lips and makes an extravagant kissing motion. "Perfect, Cap. It's perfect. I'll upload it to the socials now, so.. we should have our public response in a few minutes."
With due regret Steve loosens his grip on Tony to turn and face her. "To what do I owe the pleasure Becca?"
"Shut up Rogers. I'm just glad you're alive." Tony breathes in his scent for a moment, thankful for everything. Whatever it takes had—for once—not meant everything they had. "For the record, I love you too. And hey, we got the stone," he holds it up between his fingers.
Steve rolls his eyes. "Yes. Can you?"
"Oh honey, I'll give you all the discounts you want," Steve says quietly.
She looks at him, green eyes crystal clear. "Steve.." It's possible that he's just a moron, but he can't tell at all what that means. What he even wanted it to mean. He feels the common sense leaving his body as he leans forward to kiss her. Their lips meet and sparks fly—literally. From nowhere, gold light rains down on them, each one sending heat rippling through his skin. Her lips were soft.
"I already fucking told you. I'm Steve Rogers. Captain America."
Steve smiles. "Thanks Wanda. Is Pietro here?"
"Flattering," Victor says, right as Tony begins to speak.
Just then a waitress appears in front of the table, her hair in honey brown curls. "Heya, how can I help you?" Her voice is tinted with a southern accent that makes Steve wonder where she is from and what she's doing in New York.
"Huh.." Sam says as soon as they're out of earshot.
i'm gonna head to bed
"Ok man. But I'm here."
"Yeah. Really, we were just finishing dessert," Steve says, setting a hand on Bucky's shoulder. "And even if you had called in the middle, I woulda come, you know that, right?"
"Thank you," Bucky says.
"I'm sorry."
"You have to win." If he won; they would be in a position to request to see the Winter Soldier project, and in turn, where he was being held. Then who knows, they could be out of here in a week, Bucky in tow.
Steve nods, pulling out his phone. He selects Sams number, undeniably grateful for how calmly Tony was handling all of this. If this was a test, Tony would've passed with flying colors and the night was still young. The phone rings against his ear, once, twice before Sam picks up. "What do you want Rogers."
"Or that Pepper is allergic to strawberries?"
Tony threads his fingers through soft blond hair. "You're wonderful. I love you so much."
Tony smiles to himself. "Very, thank you. You?" Tony was pretty sure he didn't move once last night, exhausted as his body was.
"No problem, Stevie, doll." She was the most beautiful woman Steve knew, her hair the color of dark chocolate, and eyes the same bright blue as Bucky's. Their whole family was pretty in every sense of the word, although Becca and Mr. Barnes were somewhat more subdued. "How's school goin?"
"Why not?" If there was one thing he knew it was that Peter loved Tony. This just didn't make any sense.
"You have been undercover for quite some time then. I'm sure you are unaware of the plot to dispose of Arnin Zola." He says it like it isn't a bomb shell, like it is just another tidbit of unimportant information occupying the vastness of his mind. One thing was for sure, Daniel Whitehall made Steve's blood boil. "He should be... rather unwell soon. I suggest not eating anything meant for him."
"They called me to come pick Bucky up like I was his mom and he was in elementary," Steve adds with a fond roll of his eyes. They had all come so far since then.
"Thank you," Pepper says, holding a gloved hand out to him. He takes it, with a smile. "So you and Tony?" She says, the words feeling almost double edged.
He scrunches his nose up at Steve. "I don't need.. I'm fine."
Steve goes back to making the frosting, a mix of joy and self loathing swirling in his gut, but nevertheless he finishes the frosting in time for Sam to lean out over the window holding a platter of dark chocolate cupcakes with a smile on his face. "Here ya go," Sam says, as Steve takes the platter, smiling at Sam graciously.
"Don't even think about it Rogers. I'm a little cold, but my armor is very well insulated, I'll have you know. And you shouldn't be moving. At all." Leave it to Steve to be worried about Tony while he's got a gaping hole in his torso.
Steve was safe. His Steve was safe.. alive. They would get the stones and the world would be saved, and Tony wouldn't be forgotten, but Steve could live out the rest of his life.
"That's true." Sam goes around back then, grabbing a tray of pastry and coming back out, licking his lips as Steve flips chairs off of tables. "You're the closest thing Bucky has to family," Sam says suddenly, drawing Steve's attention wholly.
"I'm.. I'm I don't know actually, I'm on a bridge. You're here?"
"Captain America and the angel got me the orb."
The gentle music ended and at the front of the room a beautiful brunette stands, clearing her throat. "Thank you all for taking the time to serve the  national wildlife conservation organization. Dinner will be served shortly, so please begin making your way to your seats." She steps down and the music starts back up.
"Yes. Wish Ms. Romanoff my best." The phone clicks before Steve can reply. God, he hates dealing with old men who think they're so mysterious and important, god, they can't have a normal ducking conversation. He hangs up the phone angrily, sitting down on the floor with a huff.
"Billionaire?" Steve asks looking back in surprise.
Peter shifts on Tony's chest and Tony rubs his back gently. Rhodey was right, Peter was going to make one hell of a big brother.
The water slowly turns cold but Steve doesn't get out until it feels like ice spattering against his back. He turns the water off and steps out, pulling on boxers and a black tee shirt before collapsing into soft sheets. His eyes close to the world but his mind continues replaying the kiss the feeling of Tony's hand on his cheek and the reciprocation of the kiss. It had almost felt like Tony had wanted to be kissing him. Maybe that was just what Steve wanted to have happened, but it had felt so real. It had felt like an actual kiss, and it wasn't Tony who had pulled away, it had been Steve.
"Thank you."
Tony laughs. "What is it with us and weddings."
He and Natasha quickly drop the rest of the stones off in secure locations in their correct timelines shortly after that. They would easily be able to go to the exact time they left and put them where they were actually supposed to be, but it was better to get them out of the way for now. Howard was a bit sad to see them go, but he had hit a solid block in his research, all of which was very technical and confused the shit out of Steve. From what he could understand, the stones weren't compatible with each other, but had been forced together (presumably by Bruce, Tony, and Thanos, though Steve didn't say that). Other then that, they were all structurally unique and absolutely teeming with endless power. Steve hoped that returning the stones to their proper times would fix the incompatibility issue. After all, nothing was imploding yet.
"Well... it's the soul stone, so you could try a guard?" Steve offers, shifting to throw his covers off.
I did a probably ridiculous amount of research to find the perfect assassination to credit to the Winter Soldier in a semi-convenient time frame for our protagonists before finding Georgi Markov's assassination. He was an anti-communist dissident and a writer who was shot at close range with a gun disguised as an umbrella. The bullet was a ricin filled pellet, a poison to which there was no known cure at the time. Nobody was ever directly linked to the assassination, but the KGB admitted to that assassination and a prior failed attempt on a different target in the same manner. You can look up the wiki page on it, it's actually pretty interesting.
Steve rubs his eyes, groaning quietly. It was his own fault he slept so poorly anyways. Couldn't just stop overthinking everything. To find Pepper or not to find Pepper. Was Tony even a cheater. Who kissed who. Was it his place to meddle. How was he supposed to make this cake under these circumstances. He and Nat were the only ones allowed to make wedding cakes, being the only ones with any actual training. His shag carpet is soft against his bare feet as he trudged towards the kitchen, pulling a pair of sweatpants on on his way to his bedroom door.
Bucky nods, with a shy look on his face. They hadn't talked much yet. At least, not much that wasn't over text. Technically this was only their third meeting. It had been a week since Bucky had texted him, saying that he would be interested in trying out some prosthetics.
The door creaks open slowly, Peter's hand over his eyes. "I want you to know I'm not to old for childhood trauma."
"Yeah yeah, hey pal. Like she said. Lots of catching up to do." Steve looks at Bucky, registering the hidden absolute delight in his words.
"Yeah." He hears the tenderness in his own voice, but doesn't care much. "Invite her for dinner."
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony walks out into the rain, a cake box tucked delicately under his rain coat. He has his hood up, but even then, the heavy chill of the rain still stings against his cheeks. He had thought it was going so well, so nicely that he hadn't stopped to think about the consequences of his actions.
Steve lets out a sad single laugh. "Not dead, per se. due to the serum, my body remained frozen for almost 70 years, until I was found in 2011. SHIELD thawed me out, and well.. the rest is classified, I'm afraid."
She takes a long swing from the bottle. "That's a long time. We could try to find where they have him in cryo?"
"We fished your plane outa the ocean, dear."
Sure enough, there was Tony making grabby hands at him. "Bababa."
"That's okay." Because sex wasn't really sex if one person had to be coerced into it. "We can just cuddle tonight." Tony nods against his neck, inhaling shakily.
"Go to bed."
"And you do wonderfully for someone who was trained to sell bonds."
"The Captain made his own choice. Either way, you will walk away with the soul stone." He turns away and walks back the way they had come, away from Tony and away from Steve.
"If you ever need help, I'll be more then willing." He was planning on coming back once he could, so it wasn't an empty promise. Really though, he was a relatively capable guy and would be ready to help her with anything she asked for when he came back.
"I can't Pepper. You know I can't."
Tony laughs again, leaning back over the water just a little bit. "Well, I can't wait to meet him."
before uncle Rhodey can even get to you
"Thanks."
Tony grunts. "Oh I know. Besides, I'm pretty sure he's got a little crush on me too, so, I don't know what he's going to do."
Sam's eyes darken at the mention of Becca, but he snaps back to his senses quickly. "Well, I know this is a little old fashioned, but I kinda wanted to ask your blessing to—"
"Yeah. Um, do you want to go now? Or we could um.. have a drink," Steve offers, putting his hands on the counter shyly. He wouldn't mind either frankly, because Tony was here and this wasn't some elaborate prank on him.
Four months later, it's not Steve who tracks the missing ex assassin down, It's Tony, who flies to Alaska completely alone while he leaves Steve to chase empty leads down in Europe. Steve would be lying if he said he wasn't pissed off.
Steve blinks at them. "This one," he points to the cake with SC on top in blue frosting.
"You too Victor," Steve says, rolling his eyes. They were good for each other. "What time is it?"
"Use condoms," Bucky says, and Sam pinches him, even as Tony let's out a bark of laughter.
"Wait.. you did not."
(See the end of the chapter for
"What's wrong?" Steve asks, setting his fork down.
Steve understood more than most really. Things happened so fast. Things changed so fast. Just last year, it had seemed impossible that aliens would descend upon earth. Yet, the future came, and with it, changes to social trends.
uh, ur going on a date with my dad? and I love him?
"Well, Howard should be driving down this road in a minute." He pops the case open, lifting the shining blue space stone into his palm. It twinkles at him in the bright sunlight, as if it were just some pretty rock.
"Wrong! I know you're classically trained in all sorts of different things, you just specialize in pastries." It made Steve feel all squishy to know that Tony payed that much attention to everything he said.
"Bye!" Howard says, waving to them over his shoulder. "You would not believe, Jarvis. This puts our adventures to shame."
Steve shakes his head with a chuckle. "Peter has got to have some crazy ass stories. Hanging with royalty and the Tony Stark? He must be pretty popular," he jokes his eyes finding the road to make sure Tony's taking the right turns.
"I'm very likable on my own, I'll have you know," Steve retaliates, smiling.
"He did just have a baby." Probable bug, don't touch.  He nods and she smiles.
"Hey Steve," Wanda greets. "Vic and I are going to head back to our apartment for the night, I just wanted to check if you needed a ride or anything." She was sweet to think of him. He could also tell that there was a warning to be heard there. She had said our apartment, and since she was still living with Steve, she was probably letting him know that with Pietro gone they were going to spend the night at her place. Which was fine, they can do whatever they want. She does pay rent.
"I'm serious, you don't have to do anything." Tony says, leaning against Steve side on his phone while Steve stared at the paused tv screen.
"Of course," Steve says, taking his hand and walking with him. Tony doesn't say another word, but his hands are rather clammy, so Steve understands that really he should just follow. Tony leads him out a side exit onto a small patio area with tables and chairs set up in a comfortable way. "What's wrong?"
Steve scoops Tony up into his arms, bouncing him against his him. "What do you say we go find your mom."
He clenches his teeth together. "I don't want you to get hurt."
"Oh yeah? Then why is Captain America here."
"I have things to do, honey. I promise I'll make it worth the wait." Steve blows him a kiss, and Tony catches it, now grinning mischievously.
"That's because they're all fucking stupid and old," Steve grumbles, throwing his jacket over the armchair. "How on earth did you get undressed so quickly."
"Oh trust me, I know," Tony says with a smirk. "Unfortunately you're not allowed to kiss my friends."
"Isn't that the truth," Steve mutters with a smile, as Pietro sets the cup of coffee in front of him.
Puddles of water splash under his feet as he walks the long New York streets, his shoes soaked by the time he finally reaches his apartment building. He usually walked to and from work, the motorcycle in his spot in the parking garage was usually reserved for longer journeys. He climbs the stairs to the 12th floor, pushing through the door and into a quiet apartment. Not uncommon in itself, Wanda spent increasingly more nights at her boyfriends apartment and Pietro had always been quieter. He was content to sit in bed and read, but even the crack under his door was dark. Steve takes his shoes off at the door and hangs his jacket on the hook next to the door. He trudged into his room and throws his clothes in a wet pile in his laundry basket. He pushes into his bathroom and glares at his reflection in the mirror. He looked as disgusting as he felt with his hair plastered to his head and his eyes gaunt and shallow. The water he turns on is warm, but not warm enough to completely erase the chill from the inside of his bones. It was okay though, he deserved it.
"Five minutes out," Wanda says with a smile. "You have to see Pepper's dress, it's so amazing. It looks like a cloud."
She throws herself onto the bed, sinking into fluffy blankets. A thumbs up is her only signature to him before she's gone.
"It is good, you're right." He puts a hand over his mouth, looking out of the side of his eye directly at Gideon Malik. He was laughing with a woman with bright strawberry blonde hair with her back turned to them. "What do you say we go say hi to a few old friends, dear?"
"Luck."
"It wasn't me technically, it was Peter."
"Well, Barnes is a sweetheart, so I completely understand why you... ehem, anyway. He still needs a lot of... mental work. He's got these trigger words, according to him, that will turn him back into the Winter Soldier at a moments notice. I'm thinking we call in Dr. Hellen Cho. This is out of my area, and Bruce is not that kind of doctor as he keeps telling me." Tony pauses there, as if Steve could possibly have any input he hasn't already taken into account, and he's not sure of his plan.
Steve leans down to kiss him gently through his bruised lip. "I love you. So much. You're more than I could ever ask for." Tony smiles against his lips. "Seriously."
"With rings?"
"I can have two," Steve protests, pliant in Tony's hands—er, hand.
"Come on birthday boy, I have a surprise for you," Tony says, rubbing his back and kissing him gently.
The kids file onto the jet, and Tony can feel the adrenaline wearing off of them. Yeah, they were going to crash hard and fast. "So everything's good boss?"
Tony was thinking of Steve. It probably wasn't like that, but that didn't stop Steve's knees from going weak. And not to mention, he thought Steve was hunky, which means he was admiring his muscles. "My names Steve. I um.. this is my bakery."
"None of your business," Steve snaps. He still hadn't told a living soul what had happened on Friday night, and quite frankly he would rather keep it that way. He knew there wouldn't be teasing, but there would be judging looks and then pity. He didn't want that.
"Well now that would.. ruin it." Tony pulls him closer for a kiss. "I think you're.." Tony let's out a little fluttering sigh. "You're making good points. What if... we get ready and.. mmh.... continue this conversation tonight."
"Well, were hosting a little get together in a few months. You should stop by. January twentieth, at my late father's old mansion." He seems hardly surprised by the insinuation that they were two Russian spies working for HYDRA to infiltrate SI and therefore the US government.
Before he can reach up to put a hand on her cheek, she jolts back, the sparks zipping out of existence. "Uh?" Nat says, confusion deeply set in her eyes.
His new paintings hadn't sold for that much, but they had been worth a lot of money, all donated, of course. Steve didn't need the money, he lived in an all expenses paid SHIELD apartment in Washington DC. Then he found Bucky. For the first time, he kept one of his paintings, a red and black piece of the winter soldier contrasted with a blue and white piece of the man frozen in time. Those had been shipped to Stark Tower with the fall of SHIELD, where Tony was given instructions to store them in a safe place.
Her chest rises and falls as he carries her to the couch in the corner of the room, a coffee table covered with shit in front of it.
"Tony," Steve interrupts. "Bucky's right."
He spends that night restlessly, only to be woken up by a loud noise at 5:34 in the morning. Steve sits up, his head pounding and his eyes aching. "Hello!" He calls out, already resining himself to being awake today.
He falls to his knees next to Steve, reaching out slowly with his good hand towards the tree branch protruding from his gut. "Jesus Christ, Cap." Ok. Plan of action. What was the plan. He needed.... a plan... that's it. Just.. What to do next? Steve was relying on him, now more than ever, and Tony needed to come through. "I'll um. I'll take it out and then cauterize it. Then we can get back to... well I'm sure there's some antibacterial stuff, then um..."
"No no, I have time." Tony pulls his 'kiss the chef' apron off, folding it up and setting it on the stove. "Um.. I'm going to just change shirts, and maybe try to get some flour out of my hair."
"No. No!" The Red Skull lunges towards him, but Steve raises a hand, and the Skull is gone, a flurry of red and black there, then gone, absorbed into the soul stone. His skin crackles with power. In this moment, he could do anything. Bring down civilizations with a swift movement, or.. was that?
"It's okay, it's not hard, you just have to support the head." She steps closer to him, offering her newborn son to Steve. He takes Tony awkwardly, supporting his tiny head with a hand that looks too big to be doing something so gentle. Maria looks up at Steve once he has Tony situated to her liking. "Do you know him? In the future, I mean."
"For what," Steve says, rubbing his jaw gently.
"Yes I do know the renegade, Peter and his friends taught me. You absolutely don't need to look it up."
That earns him a startled choked off laugh from Tony that turns into a more natural one. "Yeah yeah alright. You can take me out."
Should he.. no. That would just make her panic, and then Howard would lock her up and study her. They had things to do. He would tell her... later. Later. "Howard, can you.. can you keep the stones safe for a while."
Stunned Erik could only stare at Charles, unborn child impossible “I'm sorry what” he said flabbergasted.
“how?” Tony asked stunned at what the doc was telling him.
He just hoped everything would look up from here they all needed it.
He could also just nod in agreement.
Sighing when he still had no answer from Tony he was about to start talking again when Tony turned around and he let out a gasp he could tell Tony was angry it showed on his face but what really caught his attention was the bright sapphire eyes looking at him in anger “WHAT CHOICE DO I HAVE” tony roared which startled Rhodey he had seen tony angry before but his eyes had never changed color.
“ what's wrong Friday told me you were being checked out I came as fast as I Could”
“Steve” Tony panted as Steve reached behind him prodding his puckered entrance before slipping in the first finger, tony gasp as he felt Steve's finger go deeper before pulling out a little adding another finger, scissoring in and out of tony hole loosening him up, adding a third finger as Steve worked on marking up tony's neck with hickies .
“oh hardy ha very funny” tony glared at him with no real heat.
“well if this operation goes right we will have him where we want him” debroski can be one sick fuck when he wants to be he was glad he wasn't in starks place”Hydra will grow to its former glory if not better” debroski shared a smile with him and for one moment he felt a small part of sympathy for the billionaire
Seeming to take into consideration the president went to answer when a ring pierced the air glancing down Rhodey saw Tony’s name shown on the screen” I’m sorry Mr. President I need to take this” Rhodey stood after getting a nod from the president.
So here he sits with the phone in his hand AGAIN, having an internal struggle whether he should or shouldn't call Steve and tell him, he wished he could just jump headfirst into his work and forget about it but since the checkup the doctor had told Pepper and Rhodey the baby was under somewhat stress probably affected by Tony stress and the battle of Hawaii he was sentenced to bed rest, not to mention Tony was two months away from his due date the doctors didn't want to take chances and neither did Pepper or Rhodey in which they banned him from the workshop and made sure Friday didnt allow him in, its ridiculous they were plotting against him J.J was ready but now he is stuck in the freakin bed for freak sakes he could scream.
“, No not yet Friday is still lo,oking,” Tony said turning again he walked towards the open monitor clicking away.
“Oh I know that’s the best part but you can upgrade and improve them, you can’t exactly upgrade a human” mason said her voice giving away the duh that she left out “but it would have been an improvement” she mumbled after and tony had to cover his mouth to keep himself from laughing watching her grow there were a lot of Steve’s quality’s that had shown in mason but he had been glad when a lot of his had shown too for one her sarcastic humor although she was still young she was grown in her age it surprised everyone.
“Why am i even here, there are enough pompous billionaire big-shits here to worry about my money” Tony sneered the venom dripping from his voice, looking around the big crowd with distaste.
It only took a few min to go down to the med bay of the tower for the testing they were about to do but it took hour's for the doctors to do the test that needs to be done.
“Oh no baby I wasn’t mad at him I was mad at the people that are keeping daddy away” tony explained.
“We need to do something”
The last Gala part two
“Just a second” Steve called out in return making his way to the door rubbing more sleep from his eyes, it had felt so real the dream had felt so real.
“Hay it’s not your fault, it’s not my fault either we both know whom to blTonyRoss will pay for taking her,” Tony said gently taking pepper by the shoulders looking her in the eyes “I promise”.
“Pep do you think i want to do this, i dont but i have to” Tony tries and reason with pepper.
I little of Rogue avengers in your life
“alright start recording,” Tony said rubbing his hands together, he didn't know exactly what to say but he just needed to explain.
T'challa could say he was anything even sometimes he could be oblivious but he was not an idiot he could tell there ware thing stark wasn't telling him and he could tell something was not right he just didn't know what it was and for some reason it was bothering him “I take it the public has not been informed of your retirement” t'challa ask watching stark for any tail sign that anything was wrong was not as easy as he expected other than the overly bigger sized clothing t'challa couldn't really see anything wrong but he just knew there was it was like a feeling in his gut.
Struggling his hardest to get out of there grip“Fuck off” Tony hissed putting as much venom in his voice trying to disguise tremble that could be heard.
Watching as stark clasp his hands together and sighed “As you know i have been a businessman my whole life and then Ironman before i become and consultant of shield and a part-time Avenger and of recently as not many know i am retiring from the Avengers and from being Ironman,”.
“Friday Call Charles tell him were coming for a visit tomorrow,” Tony Said tucking his daughter back into bed hoping she has a dreamless night.
And given at any day Tony would have been able to concentrate on his work but he couldn't, image after image of his daughter flashed through his mind like a slideshow, a profound amount of joy filed him at the slow and steady beat of her heart that let him know she was healthy, he knew he needed to get his work done, he had Friday keep digging (discreetly) into Ross past collecting all the evidence that Ross thought he buried deep enough for no one to find but no matter how deep she went he made all the little thing that's wrong look innocent it was getting on his nerves.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“I’m sorry your highness I need to take this” Tony said before standing phone in hand getting a nod from the king tony walked to one corner of the room answering his phone.
“Building a puppy “Came the reply as she just went back to work humming the tune again,
Tony couldn't believe what he was hearing “What” hoping he had heard wrong, Rhodey wouldn't judge him for what had happened with Ultron at least he hoped not but the hope was quickly splintering Away, and the look on Rhodey's face didn't raise any hopes.
“what does stark want” Clint ask bitterly.
“Friday called me told me to come Tones are you alright,” Rhodey said leading tony toward his chair so he could sit but Tony didn't want to shit he didn't want to move, he hurts, his stomach felt too tight he looked up at the ceiling with an almost accusing look.
He was aware of the voices around him, Rhodey was probably explaining to pepper what has happened while she tried to pull more information from the doctor but Tony could not concentrate all he could think of is there is a life growing inside him, a baby, his baby hell he didn't even want to think about who the other father is No, he most defiantly doesn't want to think about that
Knocking on Barton's door T'challa waited he could hear movement coming from the other side before the door open to a sleepy Clint “Your Highness is everything alright” Clint asks running a hand through his already tousled hair.
°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°
“ Yes, Mr stark I know that is what I also wanted to discuss with you, the scans we took of your lower torso where the incision was made it seems that instead of something being removed, they have placed a womb inside” He reported.
“I do pep but look all i will be doing is recon, watching and helping civilians so i won't be completely in the path of danger and if only when i see they need help ill lend them a hand but if only there in real trouble ok,” Tony said rubbing peppers shoulder in comfort as she gives in, having pepper worry about him always made him feel guilty and now having her worry about him and the baby made him feel even worse he didnt want to put his child in danger it the reason he was retiring but not responding may give them a bigger problem them the monster its self.
Sanctum Santorum, New York.
Sorry to those who reads tony's not so imaginary friend I'm still stuck on that
“Its nothing but may i come in,” T'challa asked politely walking in when barton moved aside “I've  wanted to wait till this morning to inform you but it's quite important, it's about your family” T'challa raised his hand stopping barton from talking he could see the panic and worry on his face a man worried about his family safety but didnt think twice leaving them to face the danger alone while he played hero forgetting before they had the protection of shield, now they were defenseless “nothing to worry about you family is safe, they are residing on a private island in the Philippines at the moment,” T'challa pulled out the phone in his pocket“This will take you to your family where you will be staying with them”.
“It must be killing you that you couldn't find anything on me doesn't it Stark,” Ross says finally speaking up after the silence “Going through my past and my present activities but finding nothing must be a punch to your ego” tony didnt like the harsh glint in ross's eyes it made him feel uneasy the warning bells in the back of tony head was full frontal and throbbing he needed to leave.
“Where is steve anyway,” Natasha asked steve hadn't been in the lounge when they had arrived and he didnt come after the statement it was unusual for him.
Watching the Tv shock reverted around the room, they couldn't believe what they just watched it had been a quiet afternoon in Wakanda when the Dora had said the king wanted them in the guest lounge what they didnt expect was what the king had shown them everyone was present except steve, clint, and Scott although Natasha had Clint on the phone she had called him when the statement had started.
“The Whole World, Where is it coming from,” tony asked making his way up the stairs he couldn't take a chance with the elevators.
A woman sets a hand on his shoulder. "I'll show you." She leads him out to a spot near the unset banquet tables, draped in the same gold cloth. Across the room, Steve spots Tony, but he doesn't see the bride anywhere yet. "There. It's pretty, isn't it. You did a great job." She compliments, patting his arm.
Tony sits up, looking at her questioningly. "Yeah, but you like strawberries."
Was Tony a cheater? It was almost a comforting thought, that he wasn't the only terrible person tonight. Did that mean that he had a moral obligation to tell Pepper that her husband to be was kissing other men? Oh, but how the hell would he explain that? Hi, I kissed your fiancé, but he kissed me back and I think he's cheating on you. Doesn't exactly sound like a good excuse.
"I'm not—"
Sam laughs and shakes his head, grabbing his own apron. "Impressive, Rogers. Nat's gonna flip."
." He returns to the expanse of snowy skin, biting along Steve's jaw and down to his collarbones, where nobody but Tony would be able to see.
"I wanted you to meet my girlfriend, Wanda," Victor says, gesturing to Wanda.
"I just... I just don't know where my home is anymore. If I ever even had one. It just feels like I don't belong anywhere." It's a moment of raw honesty. He doesn't even have to think about the words. His throat doesn't clench and his cheeks don't burn until after the confession is out there, meeting his ears for the first time. She doesn't say anything, but he knows she hasn't fallen asleep, because she continues to rub the back of his hand.
Tony pats his back. "Any time Cap." He doesn't seem exactly uncomfortable with the hug, but Steve didn't even know what he had expected. Tony wasn't very tactile. Really it was almost remarkable he had even gotten a hug. Steve draws back, to find Tony staring at him contemplatively. "If you want, we don't even have to call reporters together. I could just put a little video on the Avengers socials and call it game. I know you get weird about talking to them."
"They told me you weren't going to wake up," he says desperately, "but I couldn't leave."
He sets a hand on her arm, shaking her slightly. She jolts up at him in a flash, a blade pressed to his throat before he can blink. The scariest thing wasn't where she got the knife so fast, or how quick she had woken, or even the knife pressing into his throat. It was her eyes, glowing an angry orange light out at him. In a flash she is back to normal, slumping against the back of the couch, the knife laying on the couch next to her. "Sorry, sorry."
"Just like how much I'm going to charge you for the cake now that I know you're loaded," Steve teases, kissing his cheek softly.
you like Italian?
Tony blinks a few times, before nodding. "I'll.. yes." Steve nods silently too. He was honestly surprised that he hadn't been asked to leave yet. Maybe this was a testimony to the fact that Tony's family liked him. Yay.
"Good idea." Steve leans down to gently work their lips together, as close as either could get to making out without busting stitches.
"Yeah, of course. I'll make sure nobody bothers you," he says, giving Steve a little shooting hand motion.
"Now who's ruining the moment." Steve rubs her back with his thumb. This was right. This was good. "We can go.. if you want."
She smiles at Loki's name, still looking sad. "They need nothing but each other." She steps away. "I'll see you again, perhaps."
"Rude! I would think I'd get a special discount for being pretty, right?" Tony protests, gently smoothing Steve's jacket with his hand. The simple action is almost enough to make Steve's knees go weak. He got what he wanted, and never thought he could have. What's better then that?
"For um.." Steve finds himself blushing. "Lying. I misled you, and the team, and it was wrong—"
"Don't jinx it, moron." She leans her head on his shoulder, her eyes fluttering shut. "Not that I'm not having fun, but I'm looking forward to returning to the proper timeline." That made sense. She had only came on this journey for him, and even he could register the improvement to his overall mental health issues. He still didn't really want to go back, but he could. He could once all this was over.
It's another five months before Daniel Whitehall calls again, at which point Steve can sense that Nat is getting antsy. Seven times in two months, her eyes had flashed gold at him. She answers the phone this time, nodding and making confirmations. Her posture changes the moment she picks up the phone, shifting from her to a spy right before his eyes.
"Hey kid. We're in London, where are you at?"
"I wouldn't be opposed," Tony finished, almost as if he knew that's what Steve wanted him to do. "He would have to... well, there's a lot of what if's, but I wouldn't be opposed to it. If that's what you're asking."
"I know. I know, I'm sorry. But I do, I swear."
"That's my ass. I should get a sign.
"I know."
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve had seemed like he might be different, if only because he hadn't thrown himself at Tony's feet. Now he realized too late that that was because Steve wasn't interested, not because he was interested in a way that was different from the usual.
He shoves her out of the way, slamming the door open with his shoulder and throwing SHIELD guards off of him. He smashes through a glass window and takes off running. Nat comes up next to him, shucking the fake nurses uniform in favor of the black widow suit underneath, tossing the fake bra to the side with the dress and donning her black boots. "He's fast."
She folds her arms. "Fine, but only because I'm not in the mood to cause a scene like he did." With that she storms off, throwing her bouncing brown curls over her shoulder.
Tony rises, pulling up the now much shorter Steve Rogers with him. "Sounds good to me Cap." Both their suits fold over their bodies, Steve's actually fitting to his frame that the Captain America uniform had dwarfed. He looked good. Thinner, but good. Who was Tony to question space magic when it had saved Steve's life?
"No Time like the Present Bruce!" Clint screamed out slapping Bruce's back, slamming Bruce into Sam's hold.
She watched the young kid scream and shout at Steve but he didn't even react beyond taking a few steps backwards.
Glitch text:
Whoa, whoa, whoa, No! Not happening! I am not letting you make this any harder for me.
01010111 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110000 01110000 0̴͇̅̀1̷̲͙̒1̵̠̓00101 01101110̵̘͎̐ ̸̙0110̶̣͚͐1001̶̤͠ ̶̭͍͂01101110 01̸̯̾10011̶̹̄̾1 00100001 00111111
Thank you everyone who has been reading this and commenting, it's been very motivational.
Tony froze at that...Howard had made it so he could continue on without Howard. Tony remembered the coding screen he had fixed...Howard had helped him? Who knew all it took for Howard to love him was his death. Tony could feel that sinking cold again.
It was Ironic honestly, he could remember when he was young and the world was filled with magic and fantasy, and  he became amazed with life itself. And as he got older that magic faded a touch but he still had hope, he still thought Santa was real, or maybe the Easter bunny, or hell that maybe magic was there to save him when he needed it.
He was slipping
"No Stark has ever been good, Steve."
Dark and twisted, and wrong. Tony couldn't move couldn't feel, he was detached from the world around him but it wasn't cold...in fact it wasn't hot...it was nothing...just....floating in nothing.
With a snap Tony was suddenly in the Bright light of reality.
_Input://_
"Get up." Up? Tony can't...he can't even feel...what was happening?
And if Tony hadn't gotten hacked....
"Oh why did you come into my phone, Mr. Tony?"
Tony flicks his wrist, armor reassembling over his hand. He sets the bandage in his palm, lifting Steve's back into an arch gently, setting the bandage to where he could actually see it from the other side of Steve's body. Ow. "You're so pretty. And nice. Love your pretty eyes." Steve hisses out in pain, his body pliant to Tony's manipulations as he sets a second bandage over the front of the hole and ties them together.
Nat knocks out probably half of the Soviet forces in Germany that day, and they finally get to west Germany. Then they steal some food, which makes Steve feel bad, but not as good as eating almost enough to sedate the pit known as his stomach makes him feel. Nat, in a moment of pure genius, goes to the US embassy and weaves them a tale of how Steve and Bucky were American agents stranded in the Soviet Union after a Korean War mission gone wrong and how they picked her up from where the Soviet government had left her to starve and die as they made their way here, got imprisoned, escaped from jail, and broke through the iron curtain. They were granted safe passage to England the following day, with the stipulation that they had to do interviews about their heroics once they got there.
"Tomorrow, though. That's tomorrow. Because it's for the third, and today is the second. Jarvis?" Tony smiles, brushing flour off his hands. Not that that made a difference.
"I meant it," Steve says, so quick it's like he's trying to rip off a bandaid. "I mean, absolutely no pressure, I think it's clear I can live with it, but.. um. If you.. want."
Steve nods, standing up. "Would you like me to mix up a batch of strawberry frosting?" He shouldn't. He should box up the cakes and send Tony on his way. That was the smart thing to do.
"If only it were that easy," he says, finally stepping forward into the light of the eclipsed sun.
Steve closes his eyes, stuffing the check in his jacket. Tony would probably come in again and he would be able to have Sam or someone else ask if he meant to leave three thousand dollars. He walks around the rest of the shop, turning off the rest of the lights and discarding the cakes Tony had left behind. By the time he finally pushes through the door, hearing it lock behind him, it was fully dark to the point where it would be dark even if it wasn't still raining.
"I'm going to go sit down now."
"Meddling with time is dangerous."
Steve slides off the counter, feeling more then a little ashamed that they were not only snuck up on, but also scolded. Nat on the other hand, has regained her cool composure. "Mr. Jarvis, I'm afraid, I have to ask, how much of that did you hear?" She takes a few steps forward, closing the vodka bottle. Steve leaves the other god awful one on the counter.
Not that that wasn't a terrible thought. Tony just really didn't want to have to face the man again.
"Boo." Tony clarifies. "Fine. I'll take care of it. Give me a few hours, I'll have the whole thing cleared up."
"No, but you're in pain. Don't look at me like that, I'm not dumb."
"Yeah, I missed you too bud."
She rolls her eyes. "Just go stupid."
Tony eases his way onto the bed, wincing slightly as he tilts his body towards Steve, then readjusting. He just looks concerned. Well, as Tony would rather him say, sexy and concerned, but still concerned. "What's wrong?" Tony reaches for his hand, eyes flickering to the tablet.
i'll be awaiting your return my dear
"Not really, but thanks." Tony squeezes Steve's hand reassuringly. "I'm gonna go now." He turns on his heel, pulling Steve after him. Luckily she doesn't chase them down, and Tony doesn't speak another word until they're in the tower. "Sorry about that." He lets out a deep breath. "How about we forget that even happened."
Steve sighs. "I love you so much."
Steve smiles softly, his eyes twinkling behind Tony's red glasses that the genius had lent him until they met again. "Deadly," he confirms, reaching behind his back to tie up the apron.
"Mind? I would kill to ride on the back of your motorcycle sweetheart." He gets a little spring in his step while he pulls Steve towards the back entrance Steve had come through at the beginning of the night.
Maria tucks a strand of hair behind her ear, carefully holding Tony in her arms. "So you're really Captain America?" She asks, rocking him back and forth a bit.
"No no no," Tony interrupts with a little breathy laugh. "He's my friends son. He lives in the tower too though, so we kind of ended up raising Peter and Victor together." Ok, that made a lot more sense. The elevator stops and they step out together, Tony's hand wrapping easily in Steve's like a missing puzzle piece. Steve's heart quickens but he holds on for dear life like Tony is his only lifeline. It was easy to fall together like this. They just fit.
"It's fine to be going on this journey, but once it's over, you're still going to have choices to make." She closes her eyes. "Go to sleep Steve, you need it." Her fingertips begin to glow where they're pressed against his palm and a wave of relaxation passes through his body, leaving him feeling just a little more whole.
"I should go. I'll leave this for you." She pats the tablet, before rising, walking out of the hospital room. "All yours Stark."
"Pretty much," Steve says
Huh. That was a pretty weird reaction. Unless Tony told this guy that Steve kissed him and he was like.. black listed. No no, that's not important right now. Steve would do his job, and that was it. He gets out of the car and goes back around to the trunk, opening it to find the disassembled cake along with the support structure and the topper, which was two swans. It was unusual for them to not know what either the bride or groom looked like, but this was a fine solution, especially because there had been no specifications made.
For the next 20 minutes, they work together to get the shop ready for customers. The thing about running a bakery is that oftentimes the more delicate goods would go bad if they were left out overnight so every time they opened or closed, they had to move trays upon trays back and forth. As soon as the clock hits 6:00, Sam is out front, unlocking the door and setting out the signs. Almost immediately a woman comes through and ends up ordering a dozen cupcakes. Sam goes back to start working on the cupcakes while Steve starts to whip up a batch of frosting, which he preferred to do by hand and knew that people liked to watch, especially the actual frosting process. About halfway into the process the phone rings. Steve abandons his powdered sugar in favor of pressing the phone to his ear, holding it against his shoulder. "You've reached Star Bakery, how can I help you?" He says, picking the measuring cup back up.
"Yeah." Steve stares at him, too breathless to do much else.
Steve hangs up the phone, putting it back in his pocket. "I'm really sorry about this, but I kinda need a ride."
"Um... well, I guess I'd rather hear it from you first. What's up?"
Tony smiles. "I'll make up for it." He pulls some pants on and walks out of the room, only to find Wanda laying on the couch watching the bachelorette. "Morning Wanda," Tony says.
Eventually, he nods. "Do what you have to."
"So we wait."
"It's ok..." Tony rubs at his eyes, curling his legs up towards him. God bless insulated armor. "Feelin better?"
He smiles with enough brilliance to light up a room. "I've got to call Pepper. She's covered for me in Malibu." Tony stands up, setting his bowl on the table with Steve's since finished tea cup. "I'll probably be in the shop."
Steve throws the pillow back at him. "Clothes!"
"I fucked up," Bucky mutters, quietly between shaky breaths.
"I'll get your number from Steveie if I need it," Bucky concludes, leaning back against Steve, who slings an arm around him comfortably.
"Stark."
You're fucking joking.
Eight days later they receive a summoning to a previously unheard of outer facility, only nine miles from where they were. This whole time, they had been so close. Nat insists they walk instead of taking a transport. Once they're deep in the Siberian woods, they pick up a jog, while trading free words. Nothing too incriminating, but things that were honest and real, not sent through a filter that would approve them for HYDRA ears.
Tony rubs his cheek with the thumb still coated in saliva, then he trails his hand up into Steve's hair, pulling his head back. "Hands behind your back for me. Don't move them unless you need an out." Their easiest nonverbal safe word was three taps on the others body or the floor, and given that Tony was planning on shutting Steve up, he wanted to be clear. Steve complies readily, eagerness thrumming through every muscle on his body.
Tony comes back around the doorframe, pausing there for a moment. "You're all mine, hear that?" He continues towards Steve closing the door. "Whats wrong. You didn't laugh at my funny joke." He tilts Steve's chin up gently, pressing the back of his hand to Steve's forehead.
His body is being pulled apart, his life rewritten and his very coding roped apart until he is no more then a fleeting thought in an endless tunnel of color. All at once, he is thrust back into the real world, a location he's never visited, but one he can recognize well enough. Vormir: 2014. He had missed Clint by no time at all, because he couldn't see any sort of universe altering time implosion. The time suit folds away to the containment device, and he walks forward, each step holding the weight of a thousand suns. By process of elimination, it was easy to tell where he must go; that foreboding mountain jutting into the sky seemed like a good bet. This was where Nat fell to her death. This purple-sky hellscape was where his best friend for the past five years had sacrificed her life and her chance at a happy ending for the fate of the universe.
The TV kicks back to life and Steve finds himself staring up at the video he had just recorded, near the end. "Spread love, not hate." He says, then he salutes and relaxes, a large smile blooming across his face. He knows he's looking at Tony, and if he didn't know any better he would say he had little hearts in his eyes. Great. He looked like a sappy dork on national television.
He doesn't move to her as much as he longed to be embraced. She didn't need that. "How'd you know?" He asks after a minute of choking out messy sobs.
"And he can't touch your butt!" Tony protests, prodding a finger into Steve's side. "A promise is a promise."
"What?"
"It has been far too long friend Steven!" Thor shouts, a grin on his face.
Steve decidedly did not have butterflies. "Uh.. we have these um.. pamphlets," Steve says, trying to kickstart his brain back into action. He walks around the counter and the man follows, thankfully now separated from Steve by a clean counter. Steve slides one of the pamphlets over and their fingers brush if only for a moment. "We do custom cakes.." he blinks, watching the strangers calloused fingers open the delicately folded pastel pink paper. "You can um.. pretty much pick every aspect of your cake. The prices can range anywhere from 30$ to 500$."
"That's the spirit. Let's knock the socks off this shit." Tony punches his shoulder, producing a tablet from god knows where. Then they get to work.
"The wedding cake. My names Steve Rogers." The mans gaze snaps up to Steve in surprise. His eyes then squint shut in a calculating look. So now Steve's a little uncomfortable. It's fine. "Do you.. have a cart?"
"Why didn't you give her a statement?" Steve asks quietly, looking at him through lowered lashes.
"J, lights out," Tony says, the lights automatically flicking off as Tony fits himself against Steve's body, one leg thrown up over his waist. Steve responds enthusiastically, pulling Tony closer against his chest and the covers tighter around them. "You have me too baby," Tony says right before Steve slips into unconsciousness. The only logical response his mind can make is to kiss Tony's jaw.
Wait.
Tony let's out a deep breath that he had probably been holding for a while. "Thank you. I—thank you." They step into the elevator side by side and Steve presses the button quickly, so he didn't have to keep his eyes off Tony for too long. Who knows, he could be a simple trick of Steve's mind showing that he's finally lost it. Or he could really just be a great guy who was into Steve. Who knows. "Vic... I met him when he was 12. He was a hell of a character, which I'm pretty sure is why his mom wanted to get rid of him. What a bitch.."
"If you want." She says with a sweet smile.
Tony snorts. "Well, I knew that." He looks at Steve fondly, then it fades back to concern. "I just hope this Wade kid isn't a jackass."
"You didn't give him the chance to answer, Tasha."
"Yeah. She's good."
He sinks to his knees, setting both hands on her stomach, that Steve just now noticed was slightly larger than last time he had seen her. Holy shit. "Hi little Tony."
She snorts, kicking the car into drive. "I suspect there are people who would be offended by Captain America expressing a sentiment like that." She drives back out of the spot, speeding back towards the Starks' mansion.
Um ok, why are you texting me Peter?
Thor nods. "I will tell Lady Jane of the good news. You must remain for the revelries, the convergence is nearly upon us."
Pepper pats his arm consolingly. "One day you'll get used to the annoyingly good memory."
"Digging for dirt on me hon?" Steve teases. "Fine, um.. the last date I went on that wasn't set up by my friend was five years ago." Bernie Rosenthal. She had gone to high school with Steve way back when, and when they met by chance at a cafe in New York, Steve couldn't help but ask her out at least once. She had always been attractive and smart, and they had gotten along well enough. They had gone on a few dates, and then she left the city without a warning or a trace. He could've tracked her down, but it had only been a few dates, and he didn't exactly feel that much for her. The only reason he had even been able to get her to go out with him though was because there had actually been a conversation to strike up. He usually didn't get that far. Like he said, he wasn't the luckiest or most adept guy when it came to relationships.
He leans up, grabbing five more pancakes, and biting into the small stack. "I've gotta go, Scott. Bruce and Thor should both still be here."
"Nothin. She just wouldn't like it." After that he had only gotten into fights with people who really deserved it.
She pats his hair, smoothing it out gently. "He loves you. A lot. He might not understand today, but he will. He's.. he will." She swoops down to press a little kiss to his forehead. "I'm heading to court. They called me in. Someone might come by asking for a statement."
i don't need a +1 to the wedding
Sure, why not.
"Yeah I know," Steve parrots, opening the seal on the envelope. Out slides a creamy white slip of paper with metallic coral trim and golden lettering inscribed with the words Ms. Virginia Potts and Mr. James Rhodes. Maybe Tony was a nickname? Pepper was clearly a nickname for Virginia, so maybe Tony was a nickname too. Or maybe his middle name. That wasn't unheard of. Then it had the date, address, and time. Fine.
"Thank you," Steve says with a smile. His eyes aren't on the cake though, they're on Tony across the room, dressed up in an impeccable tux, far more expensive looking then the one he had originally come in wearing. His hair is impeccable too, and Steve's pretty sure he's the prettiest sight ever. Which makes sense. It's his wedding night. He's a married man by now. Which is odd, because Steve doesn't catch the glint of a ring.
Fucking wonderful. "What do we do about it?" Steve asks, rubbing her elbow with his thumb.
Bucky would know a Russian song. Steve had taken the time to learn a little Russian, but that was a long time ago. Before the Sokovia Accords. Tony had looked at him like he had grown another head when he asked for a Russian teacher, then directed him to a website called Duolingo. He tried, but he had never been able to get through much with the frequency required for him to save the planet.
"Ok." Peter lets out a low breath. "Ok." He holds his wrist up, supposedly revealing the bracelet he had hidden so adamantly before. "It's a present. From um.. from my boyfriend. His name is Wade. He's a year older, but he got held back so we're in the same grade. We've been going out for a couple months now." He keeps his eyes firmly on the floor, terrified of what he would see if he looked up. "Please don't be mad."
"You don't seem so bad to me," Steve says honestly, his brain hardly even registering the rest of what Tony had said.
"You're serious?" Steve leans his head into Tony's shoulder, pulling him closer. "No wonder. Have I told you how much you amaze me recently?"
"Of course I do. Bucky, of course I do. Don't ever doubt that. We're family. Forever. And not the shitty kind either." Bucky laughs again. "And I also love Sam. Partially because he's chill, and partially because he makes you happy, and a little because he's gonna be my brother in law now, so I have to, you know. He loves you. I love you. Everybody here wants you two to be happy. And just between you and me, I know you're not going to mess it up."
Steve squeezes his hip gently. "Isn't the best man supposed to help clean up?" No matter how good of an idea it sounded to him, Tony did technically have duties or whatever.
"Huh? Undercover where?" Peggy asks, looking up from Tony, who Maria had given to her.
"Get Strange Pete."
"Good luck in the rest of the past." Steve jr says. "I hope you complete your mission."
Steve looks up at the ceiling. "Go put some clothes on babe. After your party, I promise."
"I'll.. um, do my best sir," Steve says, mentally hitting himself in the head. Repeatedly.
"I know. Fuck. I know." Tony breathes in shakily. "I found... evidence. From the brainwashing. They've got a bunker a ways up the Potomac in an old SHIELD facility. Secret door and everything. I've got a crew I trust there now collecting it all, and I already took pictures." He rubs his eyes, looking up at Steve and forcing him to sit up straight. "He's your best friend. I can't... I can't imagine."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah. You still do weapons though, right?"
"Exactly. So I um.. I kinda had a massive crush on you, but I thought you were engaged, but you're actually not, so I guess that it's not a terrible thing that I have a crush on you." Someone stop him. Someone punch him in the face. "I mean I guess if you don't want me to have a crush on you still, we can just forget this ever happened, but you didn't seem opposed to it when we kissed, so maybe I was thinking that—"
"I'll be there soon." Sam hangs up first and Steve lets out a heavy breath. He hadn't known what he was going to do if Sam wouldn't come back.
"I'm afraid I haven't. It's so nice to see the future in capable hands, unlike that Malik boy. Especially with Zola.. busy fraternizing with the enemy." Steve feels his heart stop in his chest. All it would take... that's all it would take. Zola would walk in, and Steve would be shot.
Before Tony can retaliate and say something he'll probably regret a voice cuts through the howling wind. "Welcome." Steve draws his shield in sync with Tony's repulser charging up at the shadowy figure stepping towards them. "Tony, son of Maria. Steve, son of Sarah."
"Sure, cap. Thanks." Steve doesn't reply, but he makes the pancakes. Thankfully, Scott has the mind to keep quiet, until Steve sets a stack of pancakes down in front of him. "These look good. We need to get going in thirty."
He takes it, pulling her to her feet. Her fingerless gloved hand lingers in his as they stand chest to chest. "Thank you." He turns to Howard. "I want to know that we can trust you."
He walks into his room and throws himself down on the bed, groaning into a pillow.
Bucky rolls his eyes. "Yes dad," he taunts.
"Plthe," he says as best as he can, before bobbing on Tony's cock as if to prompt the movement.
"What?" Nat asks him. "Steve that's—"
Steve kisses him gently, pulling out his phone, and selecting the contact he had made for Peter. The phone rings once.. twice.. three times before Peter picks up. "What do you want, sir." The sir sounds almost tacked in as an after thought to the snappy remark. Well, it probably was.
"Not even the stuff about him sleeping with men?" She gives him a look out of the side of her eye, almost as if they're back on the helicarrier and ashes seizing him up.
"Propose.." he finishes tentatively, sheepishly looking from Steve to the chair.
"Nat. That's not.. important to me, ok. If we ever get there, I'm more then okay with adoption." He rubs her arm soothingly.
Tony curls into his lap, burying his face in Steve's neck in a show of both physical vulnerability— which Steve was moderately used to by now—and emotional vulnerability—far more out of the norm for them. They hadn't been dating for much more than a month, and in that month, nothing bad had happened. At least, nothing that required Tony to express emotional vulnerability, there was that one time Steve had a nightmare, but that was another story entirely. A nearly inaudible whimper escapes his lips, and Steve tightens his arms around Tony's back. "I don't wanna have sex tonight," he says equally as quietly, so it takes a moment for Steve to accept that he hadn't imagined it. After all that hurrah downstairs, he had been expecting almost no matter the circumstances.
But the number was spelled out correctly under the name, addressed to Star Bakery. Steve would've been fine with no payment after the way he acted but this.. this was far from what he had expected.
"The real deal. Whoopsie." Howard shoots them an apologetic smile as he tucks it into his pocket.
Steve fixes him with an exasperated look. "She's not a communist. The Soviet Union is long gone in the future."
Steve's suit comes off too, and he shrugs. "I guess."
Tony's gut clenches in a way it hasn't in a long time. "It has to be you." Steve snaps back to look at him, his eyes widening. "I'm sorry. I know you don't love me, but I love you, so it has to be you."
"Boo." Tony throws a pillow at him and Steve grabs it out of the air.
Tony smiles slyly, and his eyes dart up and down what is visible of Steve's body from the other side of the kitchen counter. "I wouldn't mind a drink after dinner, if that's all right with you." He pulls his phone out of his pocket, and rolls his eyes, putting it right back away. "I'd like to do dinner now though. I've been in the lab all day." Of course he has. Which is really unfair, because that's incredibly attractive.
(See the end of the chapter for
She nods, kissing him on the forehead. "Bye bye Tony."
When the end of his shift comes, Steve opens his phone to find three texts from another number he certainly doesn't recognize. He furrows his brows, sitting down at Shield Sandwiches to eat. It was prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella, with a hint of pesto aioli, just around the corner from his bakery around the corner.
"He said yes. Holy shit Steve," Bucky mutters, clearly doing some mental math about exactly what that much money would do for them. Nothing Steve hadn't already thought through. Steve gives him a thumbs up and Bucky goes back around, apparently to let Tony know that that was all good, because the door bell rings with the sound of someone leaving.
Bucky nods, and Tony gives a little wave of his hand. The scan begins, until Jarvis has a complete holographic model of Bucky from the torso up floating next to him. "Well, that's creepy," Bucky says, grabbing his shirt and tugging it back on.
Steve runs his hands through Tony's hair, the brunet looking up at him from where his head was rested in Steve's lap. "I don't like it, but I don't think we can ignore it." Steve looks over at Bucky, who was looking back at him. "Sorry Buck." Bucky had always made it completely clear that he wanted no part in their public relationship, totally content to stay out of the tabloids.
Pepper leans into Steve's shoulder, and Wanda and Peter both awww loudly. Tony gives him a look that Steve can only describe as longing. "Have I mentioned how good of a boyfriend you are?"
Don't tell me you chickened out Stark.
The near predatory look he gives her was almost enough to make Steve snap as it is, if they were really dating, he might've just beaten the man to a pulp. "Gideon didn't mention that to and of us. Even in death he's finding ways to do whatever he wants. Still, I hope to be seeing more of you around. If he trusted you two that much, I do as well."
"What is it baby?" Steve asks, quietly enough that nobody spares them a second look.
"I know." Tony sounds almost sad. "It should be you." Some part of Steve stubbornly agrees with that. "But he's all nervous. Keeps talking about 'I'm not the person Steve loved' blah blah blah. It's exhausting."
"So that's why your hair is black," she says to Steve, looking back down at Tony. "I hope you're safe."
Tony ordered the pasta ai fiori di zucca, which is no surprise to Steve the way he had talked about it. Steve gets a lobster ravioli dish that is absolutely divine, if he says so himself. The date is going good.
"Then we'll be ruined together," Steve says, still groggy from sleep. His eyes finally flutter open, revealing blissed out blue eyes. He looks unbearably comfortable in Tony's arms, but Tony certainty doesn't have the heart to ruin that. "Tony," he mutters, rubbing their noses together.
So our of curiosity, where are you taking me on this date?
"Hi Mr. Steve," she says quietly, looking up at him with freshly puffy eyes.
"Ok, ok. Cmon kiddo." Tony didn't cry much, which was a blessing within itself. He hadn't really seen a frazzled exhausted Maria, like most new parents were. Maybe part of that was due to the fact that that they had Steve and Nat around to help in addition to Mr. Jarvis. It was nice. Like a family, in a way.
"You're a mess," he says, grabbing paper towels from the sink and wetting them.
There is a momentary pause on the other end. "Tony."
"Can you repeat that for me?" Tony asks smugly, gently stroking himself a few times to take the edge off.
As if that explains anything. Still, he can't help but take it as an acceptable answer and move on with his life. The reasons why Nat does what she does range from to confuse people to literally no reason to to kill people to for the aesthetic. He had known her long enough to just accept it. "So I know he killed JFK in '63, and the Starks in '91."
"My my, what a great idea cap. Glad to know I've successfully corrupted you."
Tony glares back at the skull. "What the hell are you getting at?"
"2014 Morag?"
Boom! And we’re back in business baby. Do I think that Marvel will actually bring her back? No, they’re cowards. But, I think that if there is a way, that this makes more sense then anything else. Ok, thank you, have a great day!
Steve fixes his brunet curls with a look that he knows Tony can sense. "Then why would you mention it?"
"I'm sorry, time travel?" Daniel butts in, a shocked look on his face. "You're serious?"
That's right. Sam had invited Steve out to go ice skating with them. That meant neither of them could do it, and both of the twins were preoccupied then. He could ask Nat and have Clint pick up her shift here. "Fine. Just so you know, you're an asshole though."
"I love you too." Tony pats his chest. "You should sleep. Long day."
"You're Uncle Steve and I are gonna leave for a while, but I promise we'll see you again."
"I mean the irony alone... anyway, what can I do for you? It's not often I meet some of my late fathers old business associates that I didn't already know." Gideon says, taking a sip of his wine. Steve vaguely remembers that he is only nineteen, making that completely illegal.
the man says, gesturing to a cart covered in a lovely golden table cloth draped in rippling pleats.
"If you told me 10 years ago that we were in alone let alone to this extent, I-I-I wouldn't've been surprised but you know."
"We'll pick them up kiddo. It's all okay now." It takes a matter of seconds for Friday to pull up Peters location. "See you in a second."
"Look, it's not my fault. I was distracted by your pretty blue eyes." He bats his own up at Steve, ignoring the unimpressed look on Steve's face. "You don't have to help if you don't want to, but I'm going to go help in the kitchen."
Tony winces, a grimacing smile on his face. "That's one that I'm pretty sure I'll remember now. Oh, once I forgot my own birthday, so the surprise party my friends threw me was an actual surprise."
Wanda just nods. "I know. Did you sleep well?"
"Actually, that was the last time." She moves up next to him, pulling a tablet up to show him a figure of his own body. "Unfortunately, we had to remove your arm because it was.. well, not pretty. Due to your heart condition, and your reduced lung capacity, as well as your ever rising age." Tony has half the mind to be offended. "I must advise you to be permanently removed from the Avengers Active Roster. You can rest now, sir."
Tony ruffles a hand in his hair, leaving Steve messed up and blushing on the couch as he walks towards the kitchen. His stomach does flips and that's when Steve knows he's probably fucked. "Come on Capri Sun. Let's fire up the microwave." Tony opens up the fridge, pulling out a container of Tupperware. "Hope you want spaghetti. J can you turn the TV back on."
"Oh." The look she gives him is nearly enough to make him want to duck, just in case the bottle in her hand slips out of it.. and into his head. "Well, I suppose your right. Well have to see him later though, I'm not entirely sure how to get that elevator back open." He takes the mostly empty second bottle of vodka and takes an experimental sip of it, then immediately begins coughing.
Rock music begins playing at a surprisingly loud volume and Tony winces. "Sorry, sorry." He turns it down to a more comfortable level and Steve buckled himself into the car. "I don't usually have other people in this car."
"Oh no no no no. That's not my job. You promised me that you would tell him I was dating his hot ex."
Peter falls silent for a while. "I'm still invited?"
"Of course sir," JARVIS says, the TV turning on as if of its own accord and switching to the display screen.
"Can't get rid of me that easy, Punk," Bucky says, returning the hug with full force despite his feigned nonchalance. Steve smiles at the two of them, the moment a stark contrast from his own reunion with Bucky.
Steve swallows slowly, trying and failing to suppress that like of thinking.
"Tony?" Steve knew very well he wasn't the smart one out of the two of them, but he felt the need to voice what he was thinking about.
"I should kill you," he declares.
The image shifts so that most of the arm is black, except for some silver detailing. "Ok, so next time you come in, I'll need to implant a mount for the bulk of the arm, and you might need to spend some time with Dr. Cho to regrow some of the nerves in a way that allows me to easily hook up the arm."
"Maybe this time." Tony pauses, but the fear in his virtual eyes is visible. His voice is hopeful, nearly pleading.
Ok, so... maybe he was. Whatever, in this new timeline, these would always be the events that occurred. Luckily he didn't have to worry about nasty paradoxes and whatnot according to Bruce (who he trusted more then Howard, actually). "It's fine Howard. Can you let me out of this fucking cage."
my names Peter Parker. nice to meet you sir!
"Ha ha. I may be dating your uncle, but I'm still your girlfriend's family ya little jackass," Steve counters, resisting the urge to flip him off. He really did like Victor, and he was pretty sure Victor knew that, even if he was a little shit (he was raised by Tony though, so it was excusable).
Unfortunately, Tony is an asshole because then he just takes another sip of wine and grins at him mischievously. "Have you looked in a mirror lately?" Steve counters, trying not to let that bit of not at all subtle tempting get to him.
Steve rests his arm around her shoulders. "Well, I don't think we should be here when Thor gets back. I also don't particularly want you traveling yet."
The blood rushes to his face, but he can't stop himself from leaning halfway across the table to take the offered dessert. His eyes slip closed and he savors the explosion of strawberry and vanilla across his tongue. Yeah, it wasn't his favorite for nothing. He sinks back into the chair, his eyes opening back up to find Tony starting at him with a look of wonder. Steve feels his throat go dry despite the milky cake still sitting in his mouth. He wants nothing more then to say fuck it and kiss the stunning man across the table. What's wrong with him? There was no way it was ever going to happen. "Thanks," he mutters, looking down at his hands.
She winces and hands him another cookie, this time whole. "Sorry broučku."
At the time he had never imagined that Tony would be leaving with him. With anyone other than his wife. That's just how the cards are dealt though. They make the drive back in mostly silence, listening to the radio, but Tony keeps his hand in Steve's the whole ride back to Sam's. Steve parks it and climbs out, locking it behind them. He had already agreed with Sam to keep the keys until they saw each other again. "I only have the one helmet, so you're going to wear it," Steve says, swinging his leg over the seat and offering Tony the helmet that had been left on the handlebar.
No response. Huh. "Jarvis?"
Three days later, Howard returns from California in a flurry, although maybe that was just what Howard was like. "Steve, do you still want to have dinner with Peggy?" He says, peering around Maria's shoulder from where she was hugging him. "She's in town for the next week." Peggy has been busy or out of town for nearly a year now. Steve supposed the Director of SHIELD would be a busy person, but given the fact that not even she knew he was back, she could just be avoiding Howard.
"Stevie, can you help Peter with his wounds? I've got some kids to take care of." Steve nods, and Tony gets up, tugging on the suit he happens to be still wearing from the press conference. "Fri, open the door." The ramp lowers and Tony walks out. "Happy!" He shouts, holding his arms open in a rather dramatic gesture.
"Very all right with me," Tony says, hooking Steve's hand to pull Steve's champagne glass to his own lips, keeping direct eye contact the whole while. He licks his lips when he's done, and Steve desperately wants to drag him into one of the oddly large bathroom stalls and make out, maybe even more. He could if he wanted. He has the feeling that Tony would be an enthusiastic participant in such an activity. "You know, it's getting late enough that if we left, nobody would bat an eye."
Steve flushes, not entirely sure how to handle this. "Ok, ok, to be fair, I only had an hour of sleep that night."
Wednesday comes too fast and not fast enough all at once. Steve is standing in front of his mirror when 7:00 comes around, fiddling with his shirt. He's wearing a crisp blue shirt and black pants with his hair mussed up. He couldn't help but feel like he was wearing way too much for Italian. It was too late to change now, but he still feels like an idiot. He picks up his phone, flipping it in his hands a few times nervously. He checks the text from Tony at 7:02. Indeed, he had said 7, so Steve wasn't crazy, but Tony wasn't there yet. Maybe this was all an elaborate joke on him. Who the hell was Steve to think that he was going to date a celebrity. Really, he had looked up Tony and he was amazing. He was perfect. He was a good guy, even if he ended up in the press a lot. Steve knew that he couldn't trust everything the press said about Tony, Tony had told him as much. Well, unless Tony was a bad person and he lied and now he was just fucking with Steve—
And yet...this being inside, wasn't letting him have control, wasn't giving up, why not? Why couldn't he get rid of it? It didn't make sense. It was harmful-a virus-and Intruder.
So Natasha knew someone, and wasn't that just good news, Steve was worried for a second, he knew absolutely nothing about technology.
Howard? Himself?
"Howard has implicated laws that not even your override protocols can reach." His voice was just as dull as before. Ms. Potts looked horrified at this statement.
"And lets say...I do unplug you, you shut down, and if I then replug you? Then what? You get reset?" Tony asked, if T.O.N.Y. really was an AI or a computer then unplugging him would not destroy his whole system...
Tony was asleep when something pressed into his face: a pillow. He struggled when Howard pushed the pillow into his face and sat on his chest, he was young and small and couldn't do anything against his own father as he smothered him.
"Not exactly." He breathed out and watched them all evenly, as if he was above the torrid of chaos he had just dropped on them.
"I have a gift for you." Peter looked down at his phone following the navigation, then landing on a roof and skidding to a stop,
"Natasha! Slow down!" Steve screamed as she swerved again nearly missing another car.
Everything was swirling as Tony started to get up, there was something warm and thick sliding down the side of his face, and his hand slipped a bit on something slick on the floor. He was...this was...Sir's lab?
"So it's probably Howard's finger print we need right?" Clint asked as he squatted down next to Steve as well. Steve shifted to look away from the hypnotic light, and well shit didn't that put a damper on things...
"This whole time? Is it because of that law? The one you deleted?" Pepper asked looking like she was steady again. Honestly Pepper, she was acting almost as daft as Steve was, it was obvious. And lucky for Tony the override code was over, that meant he could lie, and boy did that feel good to think. Honestly it wasn't like he could actually tell Pepper oh, why yes, I had a magic man- with glorious facial hair- help me merge two universes so I could fix everyone's life.  So he was deciding on something more simple.
"So what now Tin Man?" Tony asked finally standing up, towering over the AI him again.
That...that was the other him....whispering in his head, and now he knew what Dr. Strange meant on how Tony had split, there was no other Tony, not really there was a copy, another him that he had seen in his memories but they were all him. There was just him, cut in half from his own self denial and hatred, He was shattered in so many places he couldn't stand to accept the fact of him being himself. But Tony understood now, he never did want to be an AI that wasn't enough for him, he say his memories, his desperation to escape, he wasn't going to let Howard win again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Howard wouldn't have done that! He mourned!" Steve shouted out although Tony stayed silent. Right...He only answered to Ms. Potts.
He finally found the archives, and nothing was stopping him fro- AND IT WAS ALL BLACK!?
Tony looked back at the kid him...he...he wasn't kid him anymore...his hair shaved and his arms and legs bloody...that hospital gown back again
" Peter screeched out and started jumping around running around Tony's dome form, and screeching out, occasionally grabbing his hair and pulling as if he was in utter shock. Peter was pretty nimble on his feet, constantly jumping around the little roomba helpers, avoiding the massive cords and wires attaching Tony to the ceiling. He was even shooting webs around the ceiling to get a better look around Tony's form, all the while still rambling off in fire quick questions.
It was not much longer after that they had slept together, it was awkward and nervous but the laughing made up for it, Tony's body was not made for such activities when he was this weak. But funny enough the fact it wasn't perfect made Tony love Steve even more- Steve didn't need to be perfect- he was just Steve as well- the human. And Tony loved that side of him, the artist.
Ouch that hurt, well he had to give props for being straight to the point. Well sorry bud, I'm pretty sure we are stuck together for now, literally. Now those records?
And then things were black...
"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!" Oh....Spiderman was a young kid...
"WHICH ONE OF YOU HACKED SHIELD!" If he had ears Tony was sure he would have flinched, seeing as everyone except for Natasha and Clint did.
Tony did have a fun field day walking into the Avenger's tower unannounced, and it would have been cooler if he didn't wobble like a newborn lamb, and didn't fall half way through his strut- but that was semantics. Steve was there to catch him anyways, but the initial shocked faces made everything worth it - as was not having a nagging teammate pull him away from the soft electricity that had rested in his heart and mind.
That meant that he...he wasn't exactly Tony Stark....he was a mix between T.O.N.Y. and himself, that...that was weird, suddenly being put in the body of AI was okay, he could work with it. But finding out he wasn't exactly..himself anymore was...man did that hurt. So...he couldn't delete that code. The others were okay. He could work with this, maybe with time he could...influence himself to change.
The Doctor nodded and sat down...in air...with his legs crossed, that billowing red cape ever present in non existent wind. Steve didn't really know how to take that...
be answered.
January 24: Howard finally showed his security system to us, it talks, and is connected to the doors of his lab, and the cameras. Stark has decided to name is T.O.N.Y. his late son's name. A Psych team will be called to assess Mr. Stark's mental state.
"Mr. Tony what will happen to you?" Peter asked and he looked so worried, his eyes watering, right...Tony didn't want to leave...but..
Tell me what you think!
"I entered in the most pretentious would I could think of. And look at that...it worked!" Clint did jazz hands and uttered a small Hurray as Natasha took the laptop out of his lap and brought it over for Steve and her to look at. Clint mean while just getting up and muttering about more pizza.
H̴̳͙̦͔͑̒é̴͓̠̬̏̽͐ ̷̯̎͋͝c̵̥͓̣̣̓͗̿ö̵̰̻͉́̓͆͜͝ų̸͔͕̬̍̔̉͌l̷̼̫͆͋̅͝d̴͎̔͐ ̵̡̩̪͑̃̒ͅj̴͓͎̅̐̇̈́u̶̯͓͎͛s̴͕̫̅̔̕ť̷̗͇̓̄ ̸̠̇͒̎b̸̳͌̈́͑a̵͉̱̿̿ͅr̷̗e̶͎̖͗̓͘͠l̴̡̡̹̅̔͋͝ÿ̸̪͍̉͑̑͜ͅ ̷̢̞͙̰̆̉ḿ̸̡͚̹͓̃̒̎a̷̻̬͍̅k̸̮̙̓̔e̶̗̩͗͒͘͘ ̶̧̠̙́o̷̦̺̣̬͗̓̈́ŭ̶̮̪̺̗̇̿t̷̰̬̍͠ ̸̖̜̾̉͑͜P̵̡̤̜̉e̷̟̣͠ͅţ̷̙͔̲̐ḛ̶̪̪̃̓̐r̷͈̞̓̈́ ̵̫̳̞̪͌̓̚t̵̺̺̱̿͒͒r̴͖̈͗͆̄y̶̡͉̭̲̅̓͊͆ḯ̸͍̖̣̥͝n̷̳̾̊̅g̶͉̘̥͂͌ ̴͕͇͋̊̈́͑t̷̻̞̔͛o̶̘̩̩̿̈͘ ̴͕͇̽̎̉ṣ̴̳̲̦̋t̴̬͐ŏ̴̪p̴̬͔̞͓̈́̑ ̸͖̥̰̉̎ͅS̴̱͚̯̪͗͑̈́̈́t̴̢̹͂e̸͙̥̓̓ͅv̵̱̅͗͑̚e̴̛̝̕,̶͖̩̒̚͠ͅ ̸̰͔͒͝ͅb̵̧̩̀͘u̶̱̓̂t̶̨̪̳̉͊͝ ̷̜̼̻͊̾̇͠T̸͍̯̤͝ö̴͕́͐̂n̶̩̅̓ỹ̷̰͆ ̴̢͔̥̥̓k̶̙̫̰̭̆͛̚n̸̺̟̉̐̾̾e̶̡͉̓w̷̜͋͑͘ ̵̛̼͍̊̊͘b̸̛͖̓è̴̖͓͝t̵̯̍̇̌͘t̸̛͎̼̘̎̽e̵̪̎r̶̡̼̞̃̊̎ ̸̼̔̒̚t̷͇̄̈́̃h̷̹̿̃a̸̘̍͊̓̈́ń̷͖̜̐̓ ̴̧̙́ẗ̶͔́̅̆̀h̵̻̄a̶̗̰̕t̶̫͇̹̲̅̔.̴͇͍̋.̸̠͓̌͑.̷̡̣͆͋̐͝
"I don't know much about computers, but is there a way for someone to get inside and turn himself back on so that they can control him?" Steve asked. Ms. Potts shook her head.
"Steve are you okay?" Bucky asked softly crawling forward, when had Steve gotten on the floor?
"As I was saying, I promised someone...a good deal when I messed with the universes...but this, I can't ignore anymore, he's slipping right back into his old ways." Doctor Strange growled out...and wait...messed??
Bruce cleared his throat softly and looked around.
"Do you see the secret archives?"
"As I was saying..." Ms. Potts lightly set the remote back on the desk and looked down at the floor in thought. "Tony is meant to protect whoever has come into his care, that is his main purpose. And he has done so efficiently from what I've seen, he's always protected me. But...back when Stane was in charge, he...did something to Tony." She shook her head.
Patience was a virtue.
Himself......
(See the end of the chapter for
The weapons manufacturing had been closed, Stane stopped, the Battle of New York had been resolved. The Avengers had still been formed and even the Winter Soldier had been assimilated into the Avengers easily.
"We need-"
idea. (Even if it was pretty cool).
Back to the matter at hand, Tony stopped when he spotted a specific file: T.O.N.Y.
"Only one Ms. Potts." Pepper back up at Tony.
For Tony it wasn't...in fact the third warning was barely even a warning...Howard was just expanding into his lab that's all! A secret lab something 'in case someone breaks in' he said. Seemed genuine...Tony didn't even notice, too focused on building his battery.
Why wasn't Jarvis coming to get him yet? He swore he didn't mean to spill that drink?!
?!" Strange forced out with that raised eyebrow. Clint zipped his mouth shut and nodded, oddly staying silent for once.
And he knew just how to do it, or he knew just the Doctor.
Slowly he had the Rumbas pick up the Arm and slowly he started to fuse it. Okay he was done... He slowly started to undo his coding by having the rumbas coming back and returning the wires to their rightful place.
something. Peter needed a better suit, the Avengers needed an AI, and...Howard....Howard needed to burn.
"WOw...That wasn't even a good attempt at a lie." How on earth had this child been able to keep a secret identity, he couldn't hide it for shit, and how had Steve or any of the Avengers not figured it out, because honestly Peter wasn't really hiding here.
This was it? There was nothing here! Just concrete and him! What was he supposed to do with this? He needed archives files...recordings....and he knew exactly where to get those.
.....
Tony hated when Vision called him Mr. Stark....he wasn't Mr. Stark...he was Sir...he was Daddy...he was Tony...
And that's it! What did you think? let me know! This one isn't as exciting as other chapters but we are about to get into the bulk of the story so just a little bit longer. Thank you again for all the support and comments, I'm genuinely surprised by how much support this fic is getting. It really makes my days feel better when I get to read everyone's thoughts. And as always pushes me to write faster.
“Honestly? I don’t think I’ve ever been better.” And it felt true. God, how he’d wanted nothing more than this for so long.  To have Steve inside of him, leaning over him, mouth so close, eyes so full of affection and love. “Keep going?”
Tony opened his mouth to speak, but he couldn’t make any words come out. He sucked in a sharp breath, felt himself on the verge of hyperventilating, and realized he was crying.
Steve hadn’t seen him since Sekovia. He’d been told the man had undergone some kind of physical distress the last time he’d Hulked out, so he’d been laying low and resting ever since. Although, apparently, he’d also been spending time with Tony, as the two regaled the team with their new designs for equipment, along with an updated schematic for the compound’s defense system.
Steve waited patiently, not speaking until Tony was finished. “What happened?” That was directed at Strange, he knew, so he ignored it and focused instead on Steve’s hands on his back, warm and solid and real. “Where did he go?”
Tony smirked, voice full of mirth. “I like the way you think, Rogers.”
Steve reached up, fingers brushing across his cheek, before realizing what she meant. “Very funny.”
The two fell into an easy moment of combat, and Tony realized he’d forgotten how natural it had been to fight by Steve’s side then. They’d practically fallen into immediate sync with each other’s style, and that familiarity had only grown from there. He found himself smiling fondly.
“Look,” Steve said, eyes practically darting across Tony’s face. He looked flustered, and Tony thought it was cute. “I just didn’t want to, you know, presume anything.”
Steve smiled then, warm and familiar. Tony felt his heart skip a beat. “We should go inside.”
Steve frowned, leaning away. “Sorry.”
“God, Tony,” Steve said, and he honestly sounded like he might cry. “I don’t know what I ever did to deserve you.”
With that she left, maneuvering easily around Tony and disappearing out the door. When it closed, Steve just stood there, a wave of instant guilt crashing over him.
The slam of a screen door brought him back to the window. Tony watched as Steve got a few steps from the porch before hesitating. He turned around, looking back at the Barton home, and while Tony couldn’t see his face he thought the man looked…sad? He didn’t remember Steve leaving back then, having been sucked in by Clint and his secret wife and kids and the fucking domesticity of it all hidden right under their noses.
Before Natasha could answer, the door opened, and Steve looked up to find Tony stepping into the room. He looked at the two of them in surprise, before raising his hands.
“Tony,” Steve said, both as an exasperation and a warning.
Tony followed the path as far as he could before it seemed to disappear in the darkness. The lake was silent now, moving quietly in the glow of the now rising moon. Tony took a few steps toward it, toeing the edge. He crouched down, reaching a hand into the shallowest part to brush at stones and wet earth.
“I...wasn’t sure,” Tony admitted, before lighting up. “But now that I know you’ve been pining after me for months...”
“Ah,” Tony gasped as he leaned back, angling himself just so. He lifted his hips, knees pressed firmly into the mattress, and let Steve’s hands guide him back down. Allowed himself to feel Steve inside of him, warm and real. “Yeah, just like that.”
“Can I talk to you a moment?” She asked, and Steve didn’t have to be a telepath to know the only answer to that question right now was yes. So, he followed her out of the room and down the hall to the main kitchen. It wasn’t very large, considering the size of the compound, but it also wasn’t the only one either.
“No. No, there’s nothing.” Tony briefly pictured Pepper on the other side of the wall, expression sour. “Well, I mean there is something, there’s always something, but--”
“I really do love you, Tony,” Steve said, hand carding through Tony’s hair.
Steve felt the dormant thing in his chest rumble, awakening. He needed to go. “I’ll go see if the other’s need help,” he said, hoping that was enough to excuse his quick exit. Instead, the ringing of the phone stopped, and a hand reached out and wrapped around his wrist, halting him.
Hey everyone Thank you so much for all the support, this one is a bit longer than what I usually do, but I did try and make sure it got out on a relatively good time. Also Thank you so much for all the comments! It really makes my day so much better to read all the comments! And we are almost done, thank you so much for sticking with this story, it's been a year now, and goodness I never thought I would continue a story this long, or have people even like my writing! Honestly this has been such a confidence booster, and I think I might continue writing after this fic.
Aunt Peggy and Jarvis never came, Howard was very good at hiding that lab from them. By the time Tony had unplugged himself from the download, and had staggered out of the lab, luck was no longer in his favor. It was Howard who had found him, the consequence for running was to loose the ability to run again....after that the electricity in Tony's brain cut out. The young boy was no longer here for the world, but the electricity trapped in his chest and in the machine, fed memories from the boy it cared so much about found itself protecting that boy.
and a death date: January 4th, 1978
Here we are, finally over, thank you everyone that had stuck with me through this journey, it's been long and tedious but we have finally done it, I never thought this fic would get so big, and honestly it has helped so much with my own depression and nerves, and I want to thank everyone that has snot only supported this fic but believed in me in the end, you all are the reason I was able to continue writing.
Steve couldn't breathe at what he was seeing.
He was tired, but he needed to open his eyes, he could feel it, he needed to get up...he had been trying to do something, he had heard something...
Steve shook his head when Sam came back and Steve easily grabbed his hand and the elevator passed with a small whoosh and suddenly he was standing above the elevator, the ceiling being opened up, Right...time to...time to get Tony back online. Steve jumped down as Sam flew back up, and Steve walked through the open elevator doors.
I promise this fic will not be on haitus, but I can say we are reaching our end.
"And this Ms. Potts should be able to fix this?" Steve asked, Natasha looked back at him as they walked through the doorways and through the lobby, her gaze intense.
"Natasha! Warn me when you are popping up!" Steve couldn't help but scream out in fear, evening his breath as he went.
"What?"
"What do you mean Bruce?" Natasha asked also getting comfortable on the floor, well Steve guessed this was just a thing, and yup, there was Clint already sprawled on the floor.
Tony's first step towards answers was the secret lab he had been created in, but he doubted searching through Shield Archives would be as easily forgiven as it was before. Damn if only he had read more!
"Oh! I'm so sorry Mr. Phone!" Peter called out as he picked up the phone again, letting Tony see his face again, and he looked even goofier than he remembered, His hair was gelled up in one spike on top of his head.
"Yeah and I don't care, Fix your hair up, and grab those abominable sweats , that you have the balls to say is a super suit, we are going out."
"My name is Doctor Strange, and I mean you no harm Captain. I am merely here to assist you out of this predicament you've so stupidly gotten yourself into."
"What did Obadiah Stane do?"
"oh," Steve breathed out,"thank you" he seemed earnest. Tony would do anything for th-"And if we wanted to learn more about Howard and his reasons for what he did? How would we do that?" Steve asked looking over at Natasha. Pepper looked incredibly concerned at that statement.
Anything less than a Starkphone was a disgrace.
"I can not say." Steve hated that damn phrase, I can not say, I can not say, I can not say, all it did was make him mad, frustrated angry. What was inside, what was Howard hiding.
Well it didn't matter, Howard wasn't who everyone thought he was. He had been told that Howard had worked hard for both his family and work, but after the death of his child he completely devoted himself to his work. But then...T.O.N.Y. had said...he couldn't lie then. Howard had killed his son.
It was odd, and a little clumsy, and while Howard had been a drunk he was usually thorough. He didn't usually make such mistakes. Man everything was a mess and Tony was sort of sick of it. Why couldn't things just work out and be clear? For once?
WE ARE FINALLY GETTING PLANS INNNN
Thank you again everyone who has read this and commented and liked this story, I would have never expected anyone to like my first fic, but the fact I am getting so much support makes me want to keep writing! So thank you again to everyone who has shown support!
At the last moment Steve feels his hands shift slamming his shield in the man's chest.
No? But then how can you have an arc reactor!?
He then let his mind flicker to a giant screen full of coding that started scrolling, this...this was...Jarvis's coding. He felt a little sick at that, he never thought he would ever see this coding again. He watched as a couple coding changed from their familiar blue to a tinted yellow, they were....old...outdated. How had this happened? Who had let this coding fly? It was unacceptable.
