The detective rose up out of his chair in a instant and drew to the other side of the room. The portrait of the gruesome tale was almost complete. Just minor strokes to the canvas now. Then he would be able to see the masterpiece.
He watched as Sherlock picked up some envelopes, and with a force, stabbed them with a knife to the mantle piece above the fireplace. His eyes drifted over to the skull that adorned the corner hoping it was only some Halloween decoration he liked to keep around as a prank.
Grunts, groans and yelling. Crashes, bangs and booms. A literal war zone within the flat itself beneath John’s bed from the sitting room below. He immediately threw off his covers and made for the stairs, not bothering to change out of his night clothes. The detective had been irritable lately and he wasn’t exactly sure if it was from the lack of cases to keep him occupied or the fact John knew he had no blood supply in the fridge to fend off his hunger.
He made sure to catalog exactly where they were going and which hallways they maneuvered so he wouldn’t have to ask a second time. Let alone get caught or bump into unwanted company along the way. They entered a laboratory that was thankfully vacant at the moment and she guided him to where the blood was stored.
“It’s the killer’s note. A calling card, if you will, to show us what they can do. They want it for the recognition, the applause. They want to be known. The thrill of the chase to them is that eventually they want to be caught.”
“My what?” John asked in a authoritative voice. This was no longer the kind meek doctor. The solider had come out to play.
John heeded Sherlock’s words. Not only had he rescued him, but he had taken the liberty to clean up afterwards so neither of them would be linked to the crime. A practice, John was sure, he had perfected since his change. Constantly covering his tracks to make sure he was never found.
He wasted no time leaving the lab. For once it would be nice to talk to someone normal. Even though if it was under the strong circumstance of getting blood for a vampire. But she would never know that. In his short time home he hadn’t made any fast friends and had gone straight to work. Sure he had coworkers he saw on a day to day basis but no one he could say he saw after the day was done.
“She takes her acting role very seriously.” Sherlock piped in not bothering to look at either one of them.
Sherlock threw open the curtain and stepped away quickly. There, at least the sunlight would be shining across the flat to the open staircase. Any idea of going downstairs would be immediately halted by the thought that he would be stricken with severe sunburns. And with no blood to ward away unwanted wounds, all temptation would be thwarted. So long as Mrs. Hudson stayed in her respective lodgings below he would be able to contain some semblance of self control. At least until John returned home later that evening. Sherlock had made his home his personal cage once before, he could do it again.
“Felisian's by law are not allowed to take up jobs that require warfare or in criminal justice. It is very hard to even gain a higher level paying job compared to humans. That is why we are the minority. Why we are usually called criminals, savages, thieves and basically the scum of the earth. We are looked at more like animals than a person with a soul.”
"A bloody army doctor. Well, I can't blame them. Sticking to the truth as much as possible is smart in case of kidnapping or death. Hopefully I don't need a full back story."
“Hopefully something will come up. They’ll probably just get some transferred somewhere else.” Molly grabbed her bag from her own locker and bid John good night, leaving him in the wake of his new predicament.
Just as he was about to leave he glanced at the window once more and this time saw something quite different. The heat of the unit played on the window its warm air bringing a fog upon the glass. As the cloudiness crept farther up it began to reveal its own hidden secrets.
Sherlock gave the Inspector a hard look, but did not press his words. He had taken chances all these years without being found out, and if he was lucky, may scrape by with this unfortunate outcome.
"Oh, Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, she's giving me a special deal. Owes me a favor. A few years back, her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out."
“I noticed it after your shift tonight,” Sherlock admitted. “The adrenaline high of the A&E was wearing off and when you left it started acting up again. Along with a suppressed psychosomatic limp. You often flex your hand either out of habit or there is underlying nerve damage at your shoulder. You are trying to regain feeling. Certain medications could help with sensation and reduce pain flare ups yet you forego to use them. Perhaps due to their side effects which would cause you to fall out of practice in your line of work. The limp is a simple fix. Working in a trauma unit you are constantly on your feet and can work it out by consistency. So the A&E has been both your cover up and your medication in a sense.”
John and Sherlock are on a stake out to catch their latest suspect but things turn bad when Sherlock has a protective moment and things get ugly.
“Your thoughtfulness is much appreciated, but I’ll be fine. Besides I can’t leave right now I’m waiting for someone.”
Mr. Weasley's voice dropped lower and more solemn."It's best to stick as close to the truth as possible. Your time in the Auror's will not go unnoticed. Like I said you have done us a great service."
He entered the bathroom and just like Sherlock had said there was a deep white porcelain tub that looked every bit inviting. Perhaps he was right. A hot bath would do to let him soak out his stress. John closed the door and locked it. He wasn’t sure what defense it would have for him, but at the moment he chose not to dwell on it. He set his briefcase down by a lone chair by the tub that had the towels and, to his surprise, his own night clothes resting upon it. He shook his head and turned on the faucet of the tub, letting it fill of steaming hot water as he stripped down. And again Sherlock was right. The water was divine on his aching body as he sank down into the tub and little by little the feeling that was once heavy in his gut was soothing away. Although he made a careful choice to sit facing the door, just as a precautionary. He didn’t want to let his guard down at such a vulnerable time.
Tension filled the air so thick it had made John pause in his breakfast and stare at the man before him. How was it that Sherlock could pry into his inner most nightmares and tease at demons to reveal themselves. As quickly as the onslaught came, just like a passing storm, the clouds lifted off Sherlock’s face; straightening back in his chair letting his presence soften.
“I see. No doubt your curiosity comes from recent events. And rightly so. Perhaps I should have disclosed certain qualities of mine when you first moved in.” Sherlock turned off his blow torch.
“Its Greg. I’ll see you soon. Evening, doc.” With that the Inspector hurried down the stairs and out the door below. Sherlock turned from John making the fluff of his tail swirl around as he headed back to his desk, rearranging papers and filing them in a manila folder.
“I believe I have already shown you my skills before not a half hour ago. Or has the haze of your ‘kidnapping’, as you so eloquently put it, still have a hold on you?”
The detective’s feline eyes softened on John’s flustered words. He could see his answer spoke truth in the naivety of his ways. At least he was honest. It was one of the first things that drew him towards the doctor when he had first interviewed him.
“Doors are never necessarily locked. A psych ward mechanism. Especially if the patient is suicidal. No need to fumble around for keys if the patient is trying to off themselves. The staff would need to get in at a moments notice.”
John reached the bottom of the stairs to the landing to see the sitting room in total chaos. Furniture had been toppled over, papers strewn about and two men fighting to the death. Sherlock, a fencing sword in hand and the other man, countering back his attacks, with his umbrella.
This had to be what Mycroft had mentioned. The mess. He knew Sherlock had saved his life, but things had gotten messy and he exposed his true self in front of another mere mortal. And for all actions come consequences. As such, a life was extinguished to let another’s burn.
Sherlock set down his cup and saucer on the side table and conjoined his fingers in an elegant manner in front of him.
John almost voiced his disbelief until he looked back at the victim and really observed. To see like a Felisian he had to think like one. If he was looking for his “mouse”, so to speak, he would need to find out where he had been. And true to his word there was a significant amount of dust on the victim’s clothes.
A kind smile graced Sherlock’s lips that looked more natural today instead of the strained one from last night.
“Of course, of course. Don’t let me get in the way of your health. I just thought…” Sherlock’s eyes drifted away in thought for the briefest of seconds. However, before he could finish his sentence they returned back to the eye piece of his microscope to the task at hand. “…oh never mind.”
Anderson hesitated once more, but before he could answer, the door to the adjoining room opened. Holmes turned to look at the new arrival, a man of soft young features and a mustache. Almost feminine in characteristic. Hooper was a man of peculiar ways. His reasoning for his code of conduct never made sense to the detective, but regardless of what he thought there were times that the coroner made him think outside the box. Even if they barely saw eye to eye.
“That’s great and all, but I have no clothes here or anything else for that matter. It’s all at my flat.”
John sat outside the Auror Office with the weight of the world on his shoulders. His gaze was far off as he held his cane beside him. The past few months had taken a toll on him and his latest mission had come with a price. He had been on the field on an international excursion, stricken by a curse that all but ruined his health. Returning to London he currently faced the decision of his future and what it meant to his career.
A quick smile appeared and disappeared as fast as it came on John's face as his cane clinked down the pavement. He shook his head at the thoughts he had, had over the past couple of hours. He barely glanced at the people passing by as he blended in so easily to them. For all his time at school and his time as an Auror he always had to hide from the world like he was some sort of strange creature being a muggle. John was always caught up in either side, the magical world or the other. Sometimes it was hard trying to keep up the appearance of a full blooded or even half-blooded wizard when he wasn't one. Though that was how he survived in school. He knew if he didn't want to get bullied or teased he would have to pretend to be one of them and they never really knew his true identity save one. This was one of the main reasons The Muggle Relations Office preferred employees who were muggle born in their line of work. They didn't have to force their character, they could think like them unlike those who weren't, they could just be them. John could be himself. For once he could just walk through life as though he was a muggle.
“No, why? I just picked it up from the labs like I usually do. Maybe it was just donated. The hospital did start a drive today as a matter of fact. But I have no idea who it was. If… if its not any good just..”
It must have been from John’s lack of response that Sherlock abruptly stopped speaking to study the doctor. The detective’s eyes gave a brief scan of John from everything to the expression that worried his features to the way his posture held a defeated slump. He could hear John’s heart beat like a accelerating pounding mallet banging upon the walls of the muscled organ.
“Needs must when the devil drives, Watson.” That was all his words took to get Watson to follow him, hurrying down the stairs.
John was slightly confused. How was it the relative of Sherlock’s not know what was going on with him? Every family has their own secrets, that was no shocker, but it wasn’t everyday a family would have a vampire relative just for fun. He figured it would be something that would have to be heavily guarded. But he had assumed that said family would know all there was to know on their unique relative.
He watched a stout sandy blonde man, no more than mid thirties, limp across the road with a cane by his side. He noticed how the man briefly looked at his phone before he put it back in his pocket along with several papers; then proceeded to knock on the door of 221B. It was his guest. One that had piqued his interest.
“Putting it in that light sounds quite impersonal and depressing. I could say you will be my colleague.”
“You’re the brainiac here. Surely you can solve that.” John gave him smirk and grabbed his dinner out of the microwave as it dinged.
A colleague? He had went from stranger, to flatmate and now a colleague in just three days. How did this happen? As far as John knew they were going to lead separate lives, he would pay his way in the blood that the vampire required and that would be that. This unexpected shift caught him off guard. He had a hard time believing that he would actually need his help, but his excuse seemed genuine. He supposed as long as he was helping and not getting in the way or possibly any confrontation, he could go.
John stepped back for a moment after awhile to survey the crowded trauma area. There were so many of them. And more coming. So many, many more. Though in the throes of chaos, just like any solider observing the battlefield, something felt off. And that’s when he saw him. A dark haired well tailored suited man standing outside the lobby beyond the sliding bay doors of the A&E. From what the doctor could tell he had no visible signs of pain or evidence of injury like the people here now. It was hard to make out who exactly he was. Who the hell wears a suit to an A&E?
Though there was one thing John had failed to mention to Sherlock and that was the mysterious invisible note upon the window. He wondered now if it was important or not since Sherlock had set the Yard straight. But the heavy singular word of “YOU” had made his blood go cold. Not because he thought the girl had wrote it, but because it was wrote on the outside and in a direction where anyone could read it. Even her. It was why John had questioned Sherlock’s change in story. He shook off his wavering feelings and returned his attention back to Sherlock.
“That’s where you are wrong once again,” Sherlock stood to his full height. “I am not employed by the Yard or anyone else. That is why I am a
"Uh, no. No. Not hard to find at all. Tea would be lovely. Nice area, this flat. Must be expensive though?"
“You kidnapped me off the street!,” He huffed. “Forgive me for wanting to arm myself against a possible psychopath that may intend to kill me!”
“A secret twin?” Watson clarified. “Hmm? You know? A twin that nobody knows about? This whole thing could have been planned.”
"Yes; and I can read your military career in your face and your leg, and your brother's drinking habits in your mobile phone." He defended.
Then it came on again. The sudden little shake of tremor that John had tried to keep concealed under his mask. It always started to rear its' ugly head when he became stressed or nervous. He switched his cup from his left to his right hand, hoping Mike didn't notice.
He hurried off again leaving the Inspector and John to their own devices.John watched as Lestrade went back to his team to set about his work. John on the other hand needed to catch up with the muggle and Obilivate his mind. John knew Sherlock didn't know who Umbridge was, but he didn't need to know. This case that originally set out to be an ordinary suicide murder was now a case for the magical world. Sherlock was clever. Eventually he would figure it out. John could easily alter his memories, make it seem like he was never on this case, erase the signs of his world's problems and interactions and Sherlock would be none the wiser about it.
The cab pulled to the kerb in front of a large ornate white building with a bold brass plaque that read Diogenes. Its Grecian columns and elaborate scroll work along the edges of the rooftops all suggested that this was more on the high society type of strip club. Maybe it was a fancy escort service instead. John had long since concluded that the detective had money of some sort as he rarely let him pay for his own meals or help with a bill. However, now he was starting to contemplate how much Sherlock truly had if he was going to be affording these kinds of services. He supposed that whatever the vampire wanted, he was going great lengths to get it.
Yet, at the same time, the more he studied the building as the exited the cab, the more it felt familiar. Perhaps it was because he saw similar buildings of this kind of structure all over the city or had passed it one day and was just now realizing it. Whatever it was, it was starting to become an itch he couldn’t scratch because he could almost swear he had already been here.
Well that didn’t take long. Then again the detective was working in high gear tonight. Keeping his mind sharp and pristine.
He remembered all too well being called out the same way when he first found out he was a wizard. That was when he had his first encounter of accidental magic. He made the neighbor's prick ass of a son grow excessively long hair all over his body and the boy had to be taken care of by the Ministry of Magic. Though, the boy never messed with John again and whenever he saw him he ran for his life. The men made their way up to the building I was greeted by a rat faced man in a plastic suit who was also not happy to see them. Adversary number two.
Sherlock arose from his chair and slid off his robe, opting for his suit jacket that was draped over his desk chair.
"We don't know a thing about each other; I don't know where we're meeting; I don't even know your name." He started again, trying to spell it out for him to make him see.
John paused in his motion towards the staircase and turned back to the detective. John hated to admit it but he had enjoyed his evening out with Sherlock. Despite the fact the victim had ended up dead. In their time together John had seen a glimpse of Sherlock’s world. He had moved through the crime scene snatching clues as if the had hovered in the air right before his eyes. Connecting dot to dot following a line only he could see amongst the chaos.
“Someone had to come and look in on you Dr. Watson. Or recover you. Whichever came first.” The man that was speaking was older, well dressed in a crisp suit and barely looked like anything resembling Sherlock. His frame was not as lean, his nose protruded over like a beak and he did not have the luscious locks, but more likely losing it.
“Just wondering about some things. About you.” John said as he shifted in his chair sitting up straighter.
He wasn’t use to such flattering remarks. The only courtesy he ever got on dates long ago was that he was either kind or funny. It didn’t really matter back then as all his romantic entanglements usually ended up at one place and that was the bedroom. Afterwards they soon dissipated and he would be back on the prowl for another conquest. However, in all of his relationships he had never been called handsome or good looking. But dashing? Seemed a bit of an old term, but he found that it swelled his heart with a new flame.
Sherlock reappeared by the kitchen entrance again. This time in a long black coat and blue scarf draped around his neck.
"Sorry! I'm so sorry. It's just sometimes this bloody thing ...," he tapped his leg with his cane hoping he didn't trip over his mouth twice in one sitting.
"Sorry – you stopped her husband being executed?" John asked.Surely he wasn't that good to get someone off on a murder charge?
When Holmes arrived at the morgue he expected to see the dead woman and her husband. However, he wasn’t expecting to see their supposed undead suspect chained to the very slab she laid upon. This was becoming preposterous. Had everyone in their right mind, or lack there of, gone mad?
John knew Sherlock was trying his best to keep himself in check. He had no idea how hard it had to be for him, but he was putting up a strong effort. When John had told of the blood problem a few weeks ago there was only one bag in the fridge. The vampire had rationed it out the best he could, but it had only lasted a little over a week.
“Exactly that. It will last a few days until it is regulated in my system again. Then the symptoms will go away.”
Even turned away from him, John could see Sherlock’s back instantly stiffen and he set down the mug with a little more force than what he meant to. As though the question itself had brought  a horrible thought to him.
"Ah! Right! Of course. Then that must've been how you knew about me. You must've looked my name up."
John gave a confused looked towards the elderly woman and then back to Sherlock. The angular ears had flattened to the sides and his stare was cold and hard.
"I did. Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn't that difficult a leap." He explained as though all of it was common knowledge.
Sherlock rose up from the sofa and made his way towards his room. Locking the door from the outside world to his small refuge.
John wondered how on earth he fared in his past life with his type of work. In some ways it amused him to see the normally calm and collected man be completely agitated over the fact he had to wait for his suspect. It seemed like patience was not a virtue of his. Though the more he observed him, the more his amusement died off and his skill for diagnosing came out. A empty half a pack of cigarettes, the pacing, the constant vigilance of the surrounding area, the way Sherlock pulled his coat tighter around him subconsciously. This wasn't a display of Sherlock’s lack of patience, this was anxiety. How could he be so blind? He was a PTSD sufferer himself he knew the signs.
" John silently made a once over of the room they were in with no suitcase in sight. Nor did he remember seeing on downstairs. Where ever it was he needed to find it and soon. It was quite possible that it had valuable information on how Umbridge escaped.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be surprised at the misinterpreted offer. His eyes flicked from the doctor’s gesture to his face.
Treading on small talk and easy questions. God how he hated it. It was all he heard since he got out of St. Mungo's.
"Come along John. I think there is something you can do. If you are interested that is. It's social work, but it shouldn't be too difficult. All you have to do is observe and report to us." Harry explained as he arose from his desk and made way for the door, expecting John to follow.
“Ah, thank you. Mrs Hudson this is Dr. John Watson. Doctor, Mrs. Hudson.” He introduced them both as he set about unfolding his newspaper to his desired page.
His cane that was now a contents reminder of why he couldn't return to the field. What was an Auror in hot pursuit of a dark witch or wizard if they were gimping along with a cane?
Another blanket of silence fell between them. Sherlock assumed it had to do with the confession he had just told John, one he really hoped he wouldn’t have to tell. Not only had he been a captor of his flatmate but he had also played the part of violation. But how else was he to bring John back to the flat with little to no harm? Even with John’s proposed scenario when they first met, talking to him and simply asking him to be his flatmate, he highly doubted he would’ve came along with him. He could tell John was a man of reason and action and he would’ve said no in an instant. Guilt began to creep up on Sherlock’s mind as he watched the doctor drink his tea.
“Your gift of silence speaks volumes, Watson. What are your thoughts? Or are you feeling the same as Lestrade?” John peered over at Sherlock who was now looking at him with interest.
"Shut up." Sherlock blurted out unexpectedly startling both John and Lestrade in the impregnable silence.
"You know why he's here? He's not paid or anything. He likes it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won't be enough. One day we'll be standing round a body and Sherlock Holmes'll be the one that put it there."
John briefly glanced to his watch to check the time. His shift had ended ten minutes ago and he knew if he was going to do this he was going to have to get a move on. Sherlock may have been a detective for the past hundred years or so, but that only meant he was more meticulous in his ways. This meant that not only was he talented in moving in a complete stranger off the street, but it also meant he knew John’s work schedule too, down to the last minute. He knew when he arrived to work, went on break, clocked out for work, the bus route, traffic times, and walking distance. Anything and everything, the detective knew the slightest misstep or inconvenience if John should arrive home late.
John shook his head of the muggle's strange behavior and followed him to the police tape. An officer saw them approach and her smug smile gave off a arrogance that matched her long curly hair.
"What happened to the lipstick?" His dark brows furrowed in confusion as he waited on her explanation. Even John glanced at her, noticing a small smudge of leftover pink lipstick on the corner of her mouth. Must've went unnoticed by her, perhaps in a hurry to get the coffee to impress him.
John stood in awe again at the deduction this man had brought forth from the deepest darkest crevice he had buried.
And while I was away I had a inspirational thought for another Sherlock story that will take place prior to the events of BBC Sherlock. Kind of a alternate first meeting type story with a younger punk Sherlock who meets John while he is still in med school and of course chaos will ensue! I've already written part of the first chapter to that story but I will be working on it more later.
“Emelia Ricoletti. Yesterday was her wedding anniversary. The police, of course, were called, and her body taken to the morgue.” The Inspector took another drink from his glass with a slight tremor of his hand.
Sherlock’s face twisted in disgust at John. He knew the doctor had a morbid interest deep down in his physical aspects of being a vampire. Though there were times he wondered if he dwelled too much on the topic.
"What about these suicides then, Sherlock?," Mrs. Hudson's voice broke the tension in the room as she brought in a newspaper. "I thought that'd be right up your street. Three exactly the same."
"Four." Sherlock's face reflected the red and blue glow of lights coming from outside. "There's been a fourth. And there's something different this time."
And like magic a black car pulled up by the curbside and its driver opening the rear door, waiting for him.
He didn't understand how this muggle was so pin point about his conclusions on some, yet totally out of the ball park on others. If he could pick up on John's cover story, how did he not see that Umbridge never came from Cardiff? Or did she and John not see?
“Seeing as a fact that I don’t age it would cause some problems. Must I spell it out for you. I don’t want to draw attention to myself. The public eye would constantly be at my doorstep and now in a time when more advanced media would archive my image I can’t afford to be recognized.”
"Of course. Though…there is one more thing." John could hear him setting a tray and footsteps coming closer. Finally, John would come face to face with the man he had been speaking to.
John was surprised for once that Sherlock had given any response, especially about his past. And curiosity struck him again to see how far he would get before the vampire brushed him off.
Lord, that didn’t sound right. Even if it was about his unfinished breakfast and not…well…other things. He hurriedly downed his tea to rush and get dressed. After all, he had an overly eager flatmate waiting to get out the door.
“No. Power outage with a storm took down the cameras and none of the staff saw her leave the night she was reported missing. But here’s the thing. A search party was sent out to look for her and didn’t find anything all week. No signs, no nothing. Yet this evening she turns up butchered like she’s been to the slaughter house.”
“Right. Too early in the morning for this.” John made his way to the kitchen and flipped on the kettle. There was nothing a dose of tea couldn’t help.
He decided to unwind his nerves by walking to the address the detective had given him yesterday instead of Apparating there. No need to be waiting around on edge for this little interview with him, personally, this time. Who knows, perhaps it wouldn't take long. Once he figured out how this uncouth man possessed his unnatural ability to read people's life story like a book he could be Obiliviated. Simple as that.
"Good man let me put your mind at rest. I'm a consulting detective. You have nothing to worry about."
“What, you’re probably hundreds of years old. You must have more medical knowledge than all of Bart’s Hospital put together and then some.”
Sherlock only gave John a stern look before following the Inspector. John made a mental note that the muggle seemed to like to play by his own rules and not the rules of the police force which he found odd. He thought that a man with such intellectual acuity as his own he would like to be a perfectionist when it came to finding clues and not contaminating a crime scene.
He pulled the plug of the drain and got out of the delicious embrace of the water. He dried off quickly, put on his pajamas, gathered up his belongings and made his way out of the bathroom. Sherlock was still where he had left him and John had no intentions of disturbing him and made right for the stair case.
John hid away a suppressed laugh from Sherlock’s comment, but the detective’s dark gaze landed on him.
This time John's words faltered. He felt the interrogation table had been turned against him and it was now the muggle questioning him.
It was early evening and John tried to be as quiet as he could as he descended the stairs to get down to the café below. However, before he could make it to the first landing the door opened to a middle aged man he had seen only glimpses of. He was a Detective Inspector, the only one from the Yard that ever visited the flat that he knew of.
John stepped into the sitting room and he could see Sherlock had definitely gotten the call. He was wildly at work. The wall over the sofa was already being decorated in maps, papers and pictures. Strings tied one lead to the next in a flowing maze across different items of interest. One by one Sherlock thumbtacked a new segment here and there, adjusting where needed be, like a giant wall of abstract art.
"You know the case Arthur gave me, the detective bloke, I was..watching him, well with him. He invited me to a crime scene since I'm playing this bloody doctor part and the dead body at the crime scene is Dolores Umbridge. For some reason she has credit cards on her saying she is a woman named Jennifer Wilson, but it is her Harry. She has either escaped Azkaban or someone has helped her do it."
“Superb!” Holmes stood abruptly. “Suicide as street theatre; murder by corpse. Lestrade, you’re spoiling us. Watson, your hat and coat.” He was in no mood to waste any time as he went to retrieve his own coat by the door. Here he had just ended the case of the misfortunate squire. Ah, but that was only the appetizer. This new mystery was the main course.
“Who the bloody hell are you and what do you want?! Where am I?!” John said through gritted teeth. He eyed his briefcase on the coffee table beside him and made a move to reach for it.
John took a quick drink of his tea so he wouldn’t choke on the information he had just received. Ensuring death. Sounded like a very vampire thing to say. Hopefully there had to be more to the story than what Sherlock let on. Did Mrs. Hudson, knowing what Sherlock was, have her husband off’d? Maybe she was now living here at Baker Street because she was indebted to him?
! But how could he tell him? How could he say he actually enjoyed it? Even when John had no recollection of it. If he only knew how it made him feel that night. Like kissing a long lost lover with lips so soft…
“I must be off as well. The Yard wants me to take a look at a frozen waiter. Make yourself at home and don’t wait up on me. And remember John, under no circumstances should you enter my room. I will know if you have even touched the door.”
Sherlock had a point. His excellent deduction methods had laid out his life before him, rooting down to his deepest secrets. John had to give him that. He was a master of his profession, one he carried with the highest regard and one could see the pride gleaming in his eyes as he performed his work. He had no idea how in depth his skills were, but if John had to guess he had it down to a craft. This man didn’t merely play a guessing game to see if John would become his flat mate. He knew he would. He strategized it the moment he laid eyes on him to probably even down to the very conversation they were having now.
Lestrade and John followed him out the door watching the detective fly down the stairs in his rapid descent.
John's eyes widened again a second time. This time about the insinuation the older woman was implying and his eyes flicked over to Sherlock who seemingly said nothing to her comment.
Holmes let them continue their banter in as he took out a small magnifying glass to take a better look at the subject in question. There couldn’t be without a doubt that this was all staged. A singular plot of a woman scorned who could not take the trials of her married life. So, in doing so, ended it. But she must’ve paid someone, a confidant of the whole plan, to dress up as her to take her husband to the grave. Simple as that. They just needed to find the accomplice. No such things as ghosts.
“Afghanistan.” A ghostly voice brewed from the farthest reaches of Sherlock’s mind. Or was it the howl of the wind that was making him hear things? But why? Why indeed. Now his mind was curious.
Well this wouldn’t do. Two positive identifications by two separate people, even the one who had picked her up to drive her to her next destination. That didn’t add up.
“So bloody hot today. I don’t see how you stand it.” Molly had taken up fanning herself with the folder she had brought. She had already shrugged off her lab coat and had gathered up her hair to get it off the nape of her neck to allow some semblance of a breeze to cool her off. But the humidity was doing her no favors.
Their daily routine thus far had been the same. They woke, they dressed, breakfasted, and if the Felisian had a client come to the door he would ask John if they could have the sitting room to themselves, leaving John to either scurry upstairs to his own room or take a walk. But he understood. It was where he conducted his business by taking on private cases or consulting with the Yard. After all Sherlock moved in first. The ad did say he had to be flexible and he was desperate for a room. And he had yet to find a willing job.
He scoured the room like a hunter in search for prey, but becoming frustrated when he was coming up empty handed. If John didn’t know any better he would’ve said that this Felisian was more of a blood hound than feline. It was the dogs who usually sniffed out and hunted down the thing they were looking for. Cats on the other hand were the wait-it-out and attack type. Sherlock seemed to not have any time for patience as his prowl continued around the flat, looking in every nook and cranny.
John could’ve swore at himself as he felt the dusting of a blush heat up on his cheeks. It was the way he had said it.
The camera swiveled away, turning its body from the phone box. John could feel his heart beat steadily faster.
" 'Piss off'!" Sherlock looked towards John and gave off a small smile before returning his attention out the window.
"Always, Sally," He took a sudden sniff through his nose. "I even know you didn't make it home last night." John watch the officer smug smile instantly disappear at his drop of her in her secret.
"Three months. Been trying to find a suitable place to live. Balancing a budget on a army pension is a nightmare."
"Soon as all this rubbish gets cleaned out ... Oh." John's words had train wrecked against Sherlock's until he realized what he was saying. "So this is all ..."His words trailed off, hoping he hadn't offended him.
It did not take long for John to realize that his new flatmate was territorial. He had been there no less than a week when he observed strange behavior coming from the Felisian. It had to be the unconscious instinct of Sherlock's kind that wanted to prove that it was more dominating than their human counter part. He assumed it had to do with the fact they were both male and Sherlock simply wanted to be alpha in the sense.
“Know this, Sherlock does everything for a reason, in some form or another. Whether we understand why he does it makes little difference to him. It is easier for him know something than to explain why he knows it. He has had a set schedule of living for as long as he has lived. And when he suddenly does something out of the ordinary it is like a rock being dropped into water. It splashes. Makes a mess. And its ripples are what follows in its wake. The thing is, is the rock as already splashed. It is the mess that I am waiting for.”
“A couple of years. There for a while I did not accept any cases involving bloodshed for fear I would give myself away. The chief detective of Scotland Yard at the time thought I was doing it because it brought back memories of a case. One I was working on before I was turned. I never said anything and let him believe that was the truth. Leaving it up to sensitivities.”
He put on a smile that John couldn't exactly tell was the true smile of this man or one of a fiendish devil. It wasn't till again John realized what the detective had said that made him see the inner question of what he was asking.
“So basically you used me and made me do laps,” John huffed as he caught up to him. “Brilliant.” He went to stairs to go to his own room. After all he had work in the morning and running around with an undead twat had made him exhausted.
When John reached the flat at the top of the stairs he was met with an empty dark room. He started to feel a jittery hesitation then. Like someone who was scared of the dark and did not want to go in alone because of the faceless lurking monster that hid in the shadows. He knew he had to go in though. Pushing down all natural instinct to stay away he made himself go, flicking on all the lights to drown away the darkness. Sherlock was no where to be found. Which only left his bedroom where he still must have been.
Hello dear readers. Sorry its taken me a while to update this. In all honesty I had only one chapter created up  in my head and didn't really think this would go anywhere. But I had some bits and pieces of future chapters scribbled down and decided to continue it. Though now I'm trying to map out the story to see where it does go. Because I'm not sure if I want this to have a more whimsical feel to it. Or perhaps a more darker mood. Or both. Either way I have ideas popping up in my head and they are sounding very interesting.
“Yet he has been living here for a week for some reason? A considerable detail on both mine and Dr. Watson’s part. What other reason would he be here?”
Ah, this place made more sense now. This wasn’t just some snooty club for the rich and powerful. This was a secret meeting place for Sherlock and Mycroft away from government eyes and eavesdropping ears. Whatever Sherlock couldn’t acquire from Scotland Yard he would come here to get it from Mycroft. Of course, he
“Dear God, what ludicrous notions! No, I have none of those traits. At least none that I have ever exhibited.”
John’s heart roared to life than as he struggled to compose himself. Not through fear as one would normally do in a situation like this, but readying himself to put up a fight.
Anderson's eyes widened and spun around at breakneck speed in shock towards the dark curly haired woman who stared back at equal surprise. Speechless at the detective's accusation. Sherlock gave another sniff in the air for theatrics, enjoying the game he was playing between the two.
“Because of what happened next. Limehouse, just a few hours later at an opium den. Thomas Ricoletti, Emelia Ricoletti’s husband was there. The owners of the den said he had been there for several hours until he heard the news of his wife and set out to leave.”
John smiled in disbelief that this guy obviously didn't see what the problem was. John looked at Mike for some sort of clue or hint to how to deal with him, but once again all he could do was grin.
"And a fine job you have done." He clapped John on the shoulder. He grunted in pain at the older man's gesture but shrugged it off.
“I haven’t had the moment to look over the footage myself but I assure you everything is there.” Mycroft handed over a USB drive to Sherlock.
“Good. At least you know better. I expect this to be cleaned up. And open a window for goodness sake!” Mrs. Hudson flitted through the kitchen and into the sitting room, cracking open a window. No doubt hoping the air from the outside would filter through the smell lingering in the flat. As soon as she was done playing mother hen she made her way back down the stairs.
"But think of all the fun we are going to have my dear Watson." A devilish grin glimmered with Sherlock's icy eyes. "Besides you can't go now. You've made such a good first impression."
“Perhaps, but definitely occult related. She may have certain looks or features they found appealing and targeted her. Look through the janitorial and maintenance staff, ones that were hired from an outside agency. The cameras weren’t faulty by the storm they were taken offline just long enough for them to drug the girl and carry her out unnoticed in the cleaning cart. By that time she had already been hauled off in a vehicle waiting by the back door. Also they would have master keys to every room in that building. They could’ve easily swiped the missing surgical instrument.”
“Of course, where are my manners? My name is Sherlock Holmes and you are currently at 221B Baker St. And as for what I want that is simple. I am in need of a flatmate and you will do perfectly.”
"It's murder, all of them. I don't know how, but they're not suicides, they're killings – serial killings. We've got ourselves a serial killer. I
John could definitely tell he was not fine. He slid his hand across the table and grasped the detective’s.
“Your adrenaline is wearing down.” stated Sherlock as he switched out his slides. “Hmm, barely ten minutes since arriving home. You sure you don’t need more than the trauma unit to keep you up?”
However, it wasn’t the only thing John had noticed. He couldn’t deny that he had seen some long side ways glances towards him from the vampire. He knew he had to be hungry, starving. Usually these staring fits started out as nothing more than one of his deep immersions into his mind palace. His eyes would be out of focus, his hands clasped in concentration under his chin, never moving a muscle. Though John had learned to be vigilant during his time in the army. He had developed an almost sixth sense and could tell when reality shifted to a more dangerous setting. And this was one of those moments.
But those thoughts didn’t matter now. From the wail of the sirens outside he could hear the first wave coming closer to the hospital. God only knew what the extent of the damage really was. He had seen his fair share of gruesome mangled bodies during his service. Bullet riddled wounds, missing limbs from IED’s, and other horrors that merited no form of words to describe them. After being discharged he thought he would be leaving all of those memories behind, though now it seemed that it had arrived right at his doorstep like an old friend.
"Really?" His voice came out surprised "I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth's too.. small now."
"Very well. How long have you been back from the war? I would say no more than a couple of months, is that correct?" Kettle had just boiled now. Tea was being poured and prepped. In a few moments he would meet this mind reading magician. Or maybe he was a serial killer? John shook the thoughts away with effort.
Sherlock walked through the kitchen again with a fresh change of clothes that was no different from his usual dressed up attire.
Taking advantage of the absent vampire he put the blood in the fridge and went down the hallway to the shut door of Sherlock’s room, knocking hopefully to rouse him.
"Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it." He carried on as he made his way towards John and to the door.
“No, she is no vampire. In our respective roles she is playing as my landlady. When in truth she is my housekeeper. She lives on the floor below.”
Sherlock set the tray on the end table next to John, handing him his tea, and collecting a cup and saucer for himself and settling in the chair across from him. The emotions he saw fleet across his guest's face was that of shock, surprise and even fascination. No doubt it was because of his features that defined his very being. His mop of black glossy curly hair was home to two black triangular ears much like that of a cat. His pale skin made his unnerving icy blue eyes stand out. The pupil also cat like with their oval definition. The hands that embraced his cup and saucer were gracefully long, musician's hands, the nails a distinct opaque color and thicker than any humans. Normally longer, sharper, he had trimmed his down to the edges of his fingers. Easier to play the violin with no claws in the way. And lastly, curled over the edge of his seat, a thick rope of a tail, its tip flicking side to side. The black fur of the tail was more slim at the beginning and filling out more till it ended in a plume.
“Yea. I’ll check again today. Hopefully now that most of the hype has calmed down there is bound to be something.”
Flipping more pages he came to the picture of a young man, seemingly late 20's maybe early 30's, with a mop of dark curly hair and a long coat on, walking down a street.
"So Mr. Watson, tell me about him," The elderly gray haired witch set down a cup of tea in front of him. "Or as I hear it is Dr. Watson now I presume."
John made a hasty retreat down the staircase, shucked off the plastic coveralls and put back on his jacket. He hobbled outside to the street sure the muggle would be there waiting for him, since had invited him on this adventure, but he was no where to be found.
Though it didn’t stop John from being curious about his new flat mate. He defied certain vampire myths which now nagged in the back of his mind wondering what was true and what was not. Were there more vampires like him roaming around the city completely unnoticed and unaware by everyday people? Or was he a rare commodity? From what he could gather in his own observations the sunlight seemingly had no effect on him. He could move silently and swiftly if he wanted to, but only did so on occasions about the flat. Blood was what gave him his renewed youthful appearance but not once had John seen him consume it. In ways he was grateful, but secretly he was finding himself fascinated in seeing Sherlock’s true dark being. He mulled over all these things his entire shift.
“More?” He asked in confusion. Surely not. There was no way. But then again he didn’t exactly see what happened with his patients as he discharged them from the A&E to be admitted to another floor to the hospital or scheduled for surgery. His job was to take care of the patient at time of need, not for the long haul.
John all but ran up the stairs, taking two in stride if he could. What he had just witnessed was beyond anything his dreams could muster up. The gore, the brutality, the fact it had even happened was throwing him for a loop. He had long since accepted that Sherlock meant him no harm his mind even dismissing the possibility that he would. Sometimes even forgetting he was a vampire at all. He just didn’t express it often. Sure he moved with uncanny swiftness now and again, never touched a bite of real food, or seemed to never go to bed, but John had over looked it. Been naive in his ways of thinking. Let his guard slip.
Alright, so it certainly wasn’t a strip club, much to John’s relief. If not a strip club, then what exactly was this place? A club where no talking was allowed, prominent men came to gather, and no one seemed to socialize. Good God, what if this was a cult? It seemed to hit the creepiness level right on the head. Even the detective seemed to know the rules of the establishment as Sherlock gave off a series of hand gestures resembling sign language to the clerk at the desk.
“Questions?,” John scoffed and an eyebrow lifted in skepticism. “You kidnapped me to ask me questions? Why didn’t you just ask me before all of this? Like a normal person.”
The sickening crunch of the man’s esophagus that came next made John’s hair stand on end. Sherlock’s fingers pressed in deeper taking a firmer hold and with a sudden jerk, ripped out the man’s throat with his bare hand. Blood poured and flew out of the man’s neck as though a bomb had exploded from inside, splattering whatever laid in its wake. Sherlock released his grasp on the man’s body and, like a finality of a theatrical performance, it fell to its closed curtain.
As Sherlock shifted his paper John’s eyes noticed a mark on the crook of his neck, shining silver embedded in his flesh in the morning light. It was a scar, several of them actually, barely visible if one wasn’t intentionally looking for them. Some were long and jagged, parallel to one another as if someone took a two pronged fork and ran it down the side of his neck where it disappeared under his shirt collar. Others were half moon shaped resembling teeth marks.
But there was more to her than just that. She reminded him in some ways of the strange vampire that resided in his flat, being out of place with her personality, but at least she was with the current times. There were days John felt he was talking more with his grandfather when he was helping Sherlock with a case on his days off. Even though it made the detective interesting to listen to it could be tiring as well. John couldn’t count how many times he had to explain how certain things worked because Sherlock didn’t know. John could understand his frustration to some degree, but it didn’t help when your flatmate was considerably older than you were, yet looked younger.
It had been going on for a half an hour now, almost a full forty-five minutes. John was trying to be inconspicuous by being fully invested in the paper he was reading, which at first he was, until the fine hairs on the back of his neck began to tingle with a sense of alarm. He knew it was Sherlock.
“Yes.” Sherlock waved a hand at him to shoo John along. “And for your company I’ll even bring back that Chinese dish you are fond of.”
John ran his hands roughly down his face at the dawning of this new living situation. Not only had he prepared to have him stay, he bloody well planned it all out and brilliantly at that. The mere audacity! The fact he had made such a decision before discussing it with him first! He peered back at the vampire who, in all of this, was as calm as a dormant tide while the heat of the desert was beginning to boil under John’s skin.
"Oh no! That's not fair. Everyone who meets him needs to be initiated. It truly is a gift. For a muggle." Mike fawned over the subject in question.
Returning to his flat John sat down on his bed. He couldn't get the man…Sherlock, off his mind. How did he come to all those conclusions about him, especially his undercover identity, with so much as a mere glance? He was a muggle right? He couldn't read minds? Surely not. He didn't sense any magical force on him. Curiosity got the better of him and he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his phone and inspected it.
Once again he had struck a nerve to the ex-Auror. He ran his tongue along the back of his teeth in frustration. He had a hunch that this detective was going to be a tough nut to crack. He tried to loosen his stiff posture as he asked how, but once more he received no reply from the smirking man as he turned away from him and peered out the window. He was like a common street magician who refused to give up the secrets to his tricks.
" Sherlock smiled in satisfaction. However his smile was short lived. He stood and walked to the vague message upon the wall. No ashes were scattered on the floor yet one could easily see the letters were burned on. Though by what matter remained a mystery. Long fingers traced down the letter of the R and brought to his nose to smell the residue. Hints of the drywall that was burned was all he could smell, but the rest was foreign to him much like word. RACHE. He was fluent in German and knew very well it meant revenge. Though why would she write this in the hour of death? No, this was note of malice. It couldn't be. Looking towards the woman's hands he noticed they were chipped, not cared for. Had she fought for her life? Also he had found nothing on her that would've produced the burned letters. No this had to be a name. Not Rache, Rachel. Was it the murderer's or someone to contact?
“You look very dashing Watson. The dark brown sports coat and the light blue dress shirt compliment your complexion and eyes.” His deep voice was soft yet sincere as he gave him a small smile.
Bizarre clothes aside, the woman’s expressive eyes and soft features held no distain that he was a wondering bumbling doctor in lands of the unknown that was more her area.
“He must’ve thought he was triggering my PTSD and relieved when I didn’t have a reaction.” John mulled as he slid his jacket back on and went after the detective who was waiting for him by the kerb. With simple ease Sherlock raised his hand and hailed down a cab and soon they were off.
Fishing for the phone from his pocket he flips it around to show his proof on a webpage he had pulled up; the weather for the current day's weather, particularly southern Britain. Cardiff in question had been dosed in heavy rain, just like he said.
Her kind disposition made her demeanor seem more like a mother hen looking after him. And she seemed not to be put off or pay no mind that Sherlock was a vampire and talked to him as she saw fit. Fussing about the lifestyle, more namely the profession, he led. John instantly took a liking to her. Maybe he could learn a thing or two from her about this mysterious man.
“No. I will admit I have had some blood taste better than others. The blood that is used by medical professionals to treat patients lacks certain things but it is enough to satisfy me. And for that we are all grateful.” Sherlock’s eyebrow quirked as if agreeing internally with himself.
Sherlock weighed the words he had spoken and listened to them again in his mind like a tape recording. He knew this conversation would happen at some point. He gave a brief look down to the scorched sheep’s stomach in the basin. His project would have to wait another time. He wasn’t really getting anywhere anyway.
"Wait, no," Lestrade stopped him perturbed by the idea of having a third party inspect the dead woman "we have a whole team right outside."
Though there was one look that had cracked the sleuth’s lens in his search. What was it about the rock that had casted such fear in his eyes? Sherlock may have been a master at keeping himself controlled in high strung cases and learning to foresee the suspect’s next move, but how many times had he been caught off guard? If John had to guess it had to be slim to none. And Sherlock’s mentioning of the occult made him wonder if the rock had a deeper meaning.
"Something cold will do. John, have a cup of tea, make yourself at home. Don't wait up!" Sherlock dashed about grabbing a small pouch from the kitchen table and before they knew it disappeared down the stairs.
The sun beat down on John’s face, the heat warming him from being cooped up inside the chilled hospital for most of his shift. He was thankful now that cooler temperatures had rolled into summer where he could take lunches outside and get some fresh air. In some ways the rush of the A&E and the blistering August weather gave him the nostalgic feeling of being in Kandahar again. The hospital’s cafeteria had an outside patio that was more than welcoming to any that needed a moments peace. And now that he had been acquainted with Molly they had made it their daily ritual to have lunch together to vent, chat, or gossip amongst themselves.
“Doctor Hooper,” The Inspector chided. “I asked Mr. Holmes to come here. Co-operate. That’s an order.”
“Alright, children,” John interceded. “No, I live here. Mind you he had a bit of a dickhead way of asking for a flat mate but in all honesty he was just there helping me out. Being discharged from the army has been a rough change for me. Rougher still given my newer circumstances but...all in all I am grateful.”
In need of flat mate. Expenses split. Same gender or opposite. Must have stable income and have flexible living arrangements. Address is 221B Baker St.
“Before. I started smoking after I left home for university. I was a connoisseur of tobacco back then. I do believe I have smoked just about anything and everything ranging from pipe tobacco, cigars, and cigarettes. Hard habit to discontinue after awhile.”
John’s feet felt planted to the floor with his stare as he bore into him. He felt urges to look away but try as he might, he couldn’t leave his face. He had been taught to be still and at attention when the time needed in the military and this felt like one of those moments.
He knew John was starting to feel uneasy about him. Of course he was, he was once a soldier, trained to be observant in times of danger. And he couldn’t say that he blamed him. The vampire’s thoughts had grown dark as of late. His once balanced mind was being thrown off into a skelter. It was the creature that he was that plagued him every moment of every day. The longer he went without blood the more thirsty he became. His tongue felt too thick, his throat dry with a burning sensation for lack of fluids, and a constant urge to bite.
Sherlock did not bother waiting for permission and crouched by the body to inspect the murderer’s handy work.Whipping out his small magnifying glass he studied the victim’s clothes and wound. But he didn’t stay there long.
"Her wedding ring." Sherlock pointed to her ringed left hand. "Ten years old at least. The rest of her jewelry has been regularly cleaned, but not her wedding ring. State of her marriage right there. The inside of the ring is shinier than the outside – that means it's regularly removed. The only polishing it gets is when she works it off her finger. Rather who does she remove her rings for? Clearly not one lover; she'd never sustain the fiction of being single over that amount of time, so more likely a string of them. Simple."
“What was the case you were working on. Must have been something if he thought it shook you up a bit.”
“She would’ve made it out the back door here while the rubbish was being thrown out in the skip. Plenty of places to hide behind cars till staff returned inside. And since the cameras were out no one saw her leave. But why would she go outside where the murderer is? Inside she would have been safe. Reported it to staff…not unless she knew her murderer.” Sherlock talked to himself.
The call of his name made him look around until he saw a burly fellow in a brown suit and tie, newspaper in hand trying to catch up to him. Though not quite the athletic jock of a Quidditch player like John remembered him, he knew the voice of his old friend Mike. Oddly enough still donned his old house colors on his tie of red and yellow.
"Doctor Watson." Sherlock addressed John again. From his stance he could see he was inviting him to examine the body in which he felt constricted in doing. He knew he needed to for his own information to give back to Auror's, but he didn't want to be caught in the cross fire between the two conflicting men.
“That may be so. But my next one may strike you as odd or strain your curiosity too much, but nevertheless it is my most important rule. You should, under no circumstance, enter my bedroom, for whatever reason. If you need me simply knock on my door and I will come out, but do
“It doesn't exactly repel me as I really have no desire for it. It still all smells the same. Even what you are eating smells quite lovely it’s just that it would have no flavor to me. All food has no flavor and on a second note I can not digest it. It is another conjuncture to my condition. The only thing that appeals to me is blood.”
Wasn’t a brothel? John caught up to Sherlock and entered the mysterious building. The inside was more elaborately decorated and fashioned with the style and times of the late Victorian period. The antique furniture gave off an old leathery smell which could have easily been mistaken for the older gentlemen who were seated about. All of them appeared to be just as lavishly put together in suits like Sherlock always wore. Though none of them were seated near one another and it was deadly quiet. In fact so quiet one could hear a pin drop. The sign by the counter they approached was not one of welcome, but of warning. Absolute Silence.
Holmes was at a loss. Stumped. Usually he did not like leaving a difficult case unsolved, but there were a few times the occasion had happened. In times such as those he would sulk it out until he dusted off the air of failure and moved on to the next case that came his way. But this…something about this was burning into his mind that it
Indeed.” Hooper lowered the hand back onto the table. “There’s one other thing. It wasn’t there earlier.
As Lestrade followed Sherlock’s lead, their suspect took them by surprise, bursting out of the closet. Fully intended to not go down without a fight. He lunged at Sherlock first taking a swing at him, but the detective and his cat like reflexes had the upper hand. The man’s aim had been at his face though his fist met nothing but the top of Sherlock’s hat, knocking it off as he ducked down for him to miss. This gave Sherlock an upper hand as he easily took down the man and wrestled him over so Lestrade could hand cuff him.
John cleared his throat, fully making sure Sherlock hadn’t forgotten the talk they were just having by getting his attention once more.
Before the doctor could open the door to exit the cab the detective placed his gloved hand over his, pausing his movements on the handle.
"And Harry's not any relation to me." With John's deceleration Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks, leaving John to continue onwards.
Sherlock glanced over at John still eating at the kitchen table. He couldn’t show any alarm or fear. The last thing he needed was causing a rile in the doctor. The game was now no longer just a game. It had become a hunt for revenge.
“You do, actually, quite a lot.” Watson verified and this earned him a narrowing of the eyes of the sleuth.
There was silence on the other side of the door. His hand grasped the handle, but his mind put a screeching halt on the action. The healer side of him wanted to disregard all decorum between their agreement and rush in to make sure his flatmate was well. Despite everything that wasn’t even remotely normal by any circumstances, John was still a doctor, he had made an oath to help the sick and injured. And that included the vampire that was once human just like he was.
Though that wasn't the only thing present in the room. Above her on the far wall a word had been burned into the foundation; RACHE. What was RACHE? More importantly now how on earth did Dolores Umbridge escape from Azkaban and now lying dead in a run down London flat? It made no sense to him. On top of that, why was she being called Jennifer Wilson? All these questions swirled in his mind. He desperately needed to call Harry and soon.
“I wasn’t expecting you to kill the suspect that was wanted for arrest! What on earth are you going to tell the Yard?”
"Back of the right leg: tiny splash marks on the heel and calf, not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. Don't get that splash pattern any other way. Smallish case, going by the spread. Case that size, woman this clothes-conscious: could only be an overnight bag, so we know she was staying one night. Now, where is it? What have you done with it?"
“Actually,” his pupils constricted in scrutiny as he studied the off guard confronted doctor. “Lestrade this is Dr. John Watson. He lives in the room above me. Doctor this is Lestrade from Scotland Yard.”
In a swift motion Sherlock was in front of him in an instant. The fluid movement made John flinch at the fact he hadn’t seen the man move from his chair to stand before him. Just more proof that this man was supernatural indeed.
“Sheer will more or less. Have you ever been addicted to something or craved something you just had to have? Let’s say your craving is a beer at the pub you enjoy. Say one night you go for a drink and that drink is so satisfying you have to have another. So the next night you go again. Then again and again and again and so on. Its not because you are thirsty. Its because you
He swiftly made it to the staffing room where he kept his personal items and put the bags into the lunch box. Throwing on his coat and with a determined route to get out of the hospital, John made it outside without being stopped. Safe at last. At least so he thought.
Her emerald robes flowed behind her as she rounded her desk to take a seat. It had been nearly 20 years since she had laid eyes on her former student. Though now recently he had made quite a name for himself by chronicling the life of his companion and the shroud of mystery that seemed to follow him wherever he went.
The two men smoked and chatted on the pavement; blending in with the crowd. Once they finished the man known as Wiggins left to scurry back to wherever he came from. The detective gave a brief glance over to John and the doctor took that as his cue to follow. He finished off the last piece of his sandwich and headed outside to trail after Sherlock who had already started down the street and made a sharp turn down an alley.
Pulling back the covers he buried himself down into the sheets. A strange thought then came to him. He had about six hours till sunrise. That legend had to be true. If that was the case Sherlock would have no choice but find a dark place and stay till it was night once more. He wouldn’t have to deal with him in the morning. He would be free to go and do as he pleased.
think, don't you?" Clearly tired of playing the cat-and-mouse game Sherlock lifted the tape and let himself through.
“Great. Freak’s here.” A snide woman said loud enough under her breather anyone to hear. She watched them approach the tape line and seemingly puffed herself up trying to make herself look more authoritative.
"Ah, yes. Recently got back. You must be Mrs. Hudson. And thank you for letting come and see about it."
“Good, Watson! Lost in her own reality. But now the reason why the murderer wanted her dead. That is one motive we have yet to establish. Where is she, Lestrade?”
"I'm ... I'm nobody. I just met him." There was no point in telling her who he was. Another face on the street. That's all he would be in a few hours.
“There is a washroom down the hall from the kitchen, on your left. I laid out some towels and a change of clothes for you if you would like to freshen up before bed. The tub in there is deep. A hot bath would help your tired muscles.”
Sherlock's ears were stock forward, attentive and his eyes narrowed. Then he let go of a laugh, letting his sharp canines freely show.
Down flights of stairs, into the depths of his deepest basement, one door led to out to the strange unknown. He opened it and was met with the salty breeze of the ocean shore. This gray landscape held no color of life, its sky was devoid of emotion, and waters as dark as midnight. He remembered visiting this beach in a distant memory under different circumstances making plans for the future that never came to be.
“Uh…sorry.” John looked away, his cheeks burning from being caught. As he occupied his gaze out the window he turned his cane into the floorboard in his hands at his embarrassment.
Sherlock remained silent. Not even a grunt in acknowledgement or a change in his stony exterior to hint that he had heard him. Time for a different approach.
John was surprised to find a blog, oddly enough on the said "deductions". Clicking on it, it brought up Sherlock's inner most writings, scribbles and thoughts in the most dry manner one could imagine. Based on the count meter, very, very few people had read his blog. Or they had read it and quickly clicked away from the utter nonsense.
With that Watson got out, leaving the detective to watch him from behind the glass of the window of the cab as he went inside. Perhaps in another time, in another place, things would be different. As for now, their love could only be kindled in secret. And as such it would have to remain.
“And neither was that.” Lestrade pointed to the stone wall nearby. Walking towards the wall he picked up a lantern to illuminate it more clearly. Removing all interest of the dead woman, Holmes and Watson followed him to see what the Inspector had found. In the light from the lantern, a single word was painted on the stony surface, red, in blood.
When John’s shift ended later that night he a made trip to he lower levels of the hospital. One thing he was grateful for, now that most of the day shift was on their way home, there was very few people around during the night. If he planned this all right he could easily slip in and slip out without anyone really paying attention or noticing him. Though one other thing he didn’t expect was getting lost. He had only acquired his job about two months ago and he still had yet to visit the laboratories the inhabited the basement. In some ways it gave him an eerie feeling. With no people around the lifeless hallways were numerous and vast. As though he was entering a maze and he wasn’t exactly sure where the exit was. And adding to the creepiness of it abandoned beds and gurneys were parked along the walls with unused medical equipment as their bedside furniture.
Well Mycroft was going to have to wait. A doctor couldn’t just abandon his patients to be summoned upon to have a chat or shooed into another black car waiting by the curb. He was going to have to wait his turn. Because right now all John needed to do was just breathe. Breathe and not think of war.
“A word of advice, if it will help.” Mycroft opened the car door for him. “When he begins to get hungry he tends to brood. That is when he will often retreat into himself. Forgets to nourish himself. Be careful of him then. It is when he is most uncontrolled.”
"Oh Harry! What are you doing in my neck of the woods?" Arthur's face brightened up on seeing his son-in-law.
Looking towards the police tape he caught the face of the nasally vile woman from before. "Who, Sherlock Holmes?"
If Sherlock’s heart could still beat he would’ve felt something akin to panic that his plan was going south. He hadn’t anticipated this outcome. He thought his plan had been flawless to the ’T’, but once again there had been an element of surprise from his guest. And he should’ve known better. He watched as the doctor made his hasty retreat towards the door and he scanned him quickly to think of something, anything to make him stay.
“No, I don’t think that will be necessary. However, I think with your absence of pulse, lack of oxygen intake, and no findings of normal sinus rhythm I would say you are, without a doubt, quite dead.”
John could see his reasoning. What kind of detective would he be if he didn’t have all the pieces of a puzzle so he could see the full picture?
Holmes and Watson are beginning their investigation of the mysterious undead bride in Sherlock's memory from 1894.
Once again Sherlock went on the prowl again searching the upper floor. It was as if he was following a trail that only he could see that led him to the master bedroom of the flat. He had long since reasoned that the murderer had killed his victim and then proceeded to rob him while he was at it. Anything in to repay the mob. However, their murderer had forgotten one thing. That was to know your exit strategy and know how much time you had before the police showed up. That’s why he was a mouse. A very stupid mouse hiding in the closet.
“I’m sure. Are you here...because you live here or against your will? He hasn’t bothered you has he?”
John agreed to his offer and Sherlock started preparing the kettle. The miasmic air that had once been ghosting between them was starting to clear. It was a break through. Communication. If they wanted this arrangement to work, wanted living together to work, they were both going to have to come to a mutual understanding of one another.
John’s eyes widened in realization and flicked up to the man’s face who in return was observing him in interest, watching his every move. John took his stethoscope out of his ears and draped the device around his neck. Determined he wasn’t completely losing his mind this night, he grasped the man’s right wrist. It had an unnatural coldness to it that he noted mentally and pressed two fingers into the inner portion; glancing down at his own watch. It wasn’t the absence of the radial pulse that made John loose his grip, but in fact it was the time he read.
“Then I would let you drink your fill of me, till your cup runneth over. Let you consume me. Set me ablaze with passion so hot the fires of Hell would have none equal.”
John was nearly convinced that this whole conversation was taking place in his mind in a dream like fashion. This was insane. Absolutely insane, but it was reality. Here this corpse of a man was promising something only people would only think up in macabre stories. A vampire taking on a mortal to live with them in hopes of giving them the world. Deep down though John knew not only his job, but his life, would be at constant stake. Years of practice and patience against bloodlust or whatever he called it could easily go down the toilet. In the darkness of John’s mind he couldn’t help but wonder what would finally set him off, make him crack in order to break his abstinence.
“There will be nothing to tell. It will be a dead end case. Unsolved. Surprisingly, Lestrade will be very easy to convince.”
Heavy mist was trying to turn into rain, but luckily they had been spared the weather’s change by the cover of the roof of an empty parking garage. The top most part gave them the surveillance they needed to keep a clever eye on the street below; watching and waiting for their  suspect. As a trained military man John was accustomed to waiting out the enemy in more harsher climates of the desert. London’s weather appeared to be no different. They were going on their third hour of their watch and so far there was no word from Sherlock to indicate he had seen them.
John nodded. Nightmares of years past had been haunting him of late. Anything from his time as a school boy to recent events had increasing been plaguing his mind. Perhaps it was time for a change of scenery. He knew his time as an Auror was over. His last case had been a terrible one and he had gotten injured in the field. They had got their person, but it came at his sacrifice.
“Consequently.” Sherlock gritted out was he thrust his sword into the fireplace stand and it hit the floor with forceful thud.
“There’s nothing to tell. Its all irrelevant.” Sherlock began to busy himself again. Anything to occupy, even deter John off the course in the new strain of conversation.
Sherlock’s head tilted slightly to the side as he gave off an eerie smile of his own. John thought it looked too unnatural on his face as though the man didn’t smile too often.
Slinking through the hoard, John and Harry went through the maze till they got back to the back of the room. There sat behind a desk an older gentleman with dark robes and a lopsided pointed hat with bits of copper and white hair peeping out underneath.
"Her name's Jennifer Wilson according to her credit cards. We're running them now for contact details. Hasn't been here long. Some kids found her."
“Why do you say that? Because I am not what I am supposed to be? As much as I would love for it to be that vast I’m afraid not.” He gave the cab driver a quick glance and lowered his voice so to keep the conversation more private.
"This is absolutely ridiculous. Either he is mad and needs to go to the funny farm or its actually true. Jesus really? 240 types of tobacco ash? Did…did he smoke them all or what? Identifying markers on certain people and careers…London mud…my God this is crazy."
when your tiny brains can’t wrap themselves around the simplest of cases. Maybe if your head wasn’t so far up Anderson’s skirts his IQ might go up and he may actually know how to do his job.”
Sherlock seemed to have busied himself resuming whatever work on the computer he had been doing prior to his meeting with John. For a brief moment he didn’t look like a demon who couldn’t be trusted, but like any other human doing regular human things. Sherlock gave him a quick glance before returning his gaze back to the screen.
The Inspector returned then, leaning on the doorframe as they watched them. John knew he was going to have to say something and he was on a two minute time crunch. He leaned down forward, taking a whiff of the dead woman's face. Nothing out of sort. Next he looked at her hand. Her fingernails were jagged, not like the immaculate manicure she had before. Years at Azkaban definitely did a number on her.
John was surprised that the detective knew exactly what he was thinking. But then again he certainly needed sly talents all his own in order to keep undercover from the rest of the world.
It is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close upon you. If one does not feel fear then how does one survive? The body’s natural reaction when it senses its impending doom is to cause the heart rate to accelerate, the blood pressure to rise, and respirations to increase. All of this is to prepare the body for fight or flight. It is all normal and nothing to be ashamed of.
“No, Dr. Watson, I am not having psychological issues, or a crisis or whatever people are calling it these days. Been there and done that a long time ago. You are a medical man. Examine me yourself if you like. In fact I encourage it.” He extended his arms out in hopes to clear up any perceived notion John was now cooking up in his head to try and normalize the current state of affairs.
"Sorry, Mrs. Hudson, I'll skip the tea. Off out." He called out to Mrs. Hudson as him and Sherlock reached the bottom landing.
John's brows furrowed again. Surely this department didn't need special equipment just to do simple social work and watch muggles. John had come from a muggle family himself and it was to his parents shock, and John's, that he had received a letter from Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardy when he was a child. But, nevertheless, his parents were proud and supported him going to an unconventional school to learn about this new identity of his life and every summer and winter he would come home to tell them all that he had learned. Until the last year of school. Shaking his head of the morbid thoughts he focused back at the task on hand.
"Oh, John! I'm so sorry! Still trying to get use to these things.… I'M NOT SHOUTING AT ANYONE MOLLY! OF COURSE I KNOW THERE IS NO ONE OUT HERE! IT'S…IT'S oh bloody hell I'M JUST DOING…SOMETHING I'LL BE IN, IN A MINUTE! I'm sorry John." John held the phone away again till it was safe to put back to his ear.
“Ah, yes of course,” The detective shut his laptop. “We have been at this for awhile haven't we? I suppose a small interlude wouldn’t hurt.”
“I believe you do recall from your physical examination of me that I was not breathing. I wanted you to be completely sober while you diagnosed me. The only air I breathe is to speak or to smell. Otherwise I have no use for oxygen since I am dead. Besides for my attributes to be…successful…so to speak, I would have to be right upon you. I would say you are relatively safe in my presence.”
“What kind of mess are you waiting for?” John asked not really sure if he wanted to know the answer. If it was the type of mess he was thinking of, who in London would be able to stop Sherlock in a hunger filled blood bath as he drained his victims throughout the city? But his thoughts paused. No, it wasn’t who would stop him but who would even try to help him?
The passing street lights gleamed over the back of the phone long enough to see what the muggle was hinting at.
“Would you like me to make you some more tea? Or perhaps a beer would be more to your taste?” Sherlock asked from the sitting room.
John’s mind pondered for a moment. He had been keeping a mental list of what he had seen with his own two eyes regarding the vampire’s powers, so to speak. This is what he knew: Sherlock was remarkably fast, exceedingly strong, could stand sunlight, and from what he could assume never slept. But he was always wondering what otherworldly mannerisms he possessed.
When he returned home later that evening he had found Sherlock perched at the kitchen table over a microscope. His full focus was absorbed into studying the slide that was clipped underneath the lens. He passed around him and grabbed a glass from the cabinet. The cold spring air still hadn’t shifted to warmer weather just yet and was causing his shoulder to ache tonight with a vengeance. He knew if he didn’t take something for it now he was going to have a terrible nights sleep.
Every time he would look up from his computer he could see his eyes dart over to the fridge. John had never seen him so…how could he put it…obsessed. With the other blood he was more controlled, docile even. It was strange how he could tell which blood appealed to Sherlock more than others. If it was blood he was not particularly fond of he could easily go through one bag in two days. Draining it so he could simply not have it in the fridge. It almost seemed like the the vampire equivalent of a child forcing themselves to eat a vegetable that they didn’t particularly like. However, if it was more to his liking he tended to drawl it out, make it try to last as long as he could so he could savor it. But this, this was new. It was as if the vampire was having an internal struggle of wanting to consume it all or to stretch it out. Then again Sherlock did just go through a small starving period. Perhaps he really was
“Living as long as I have things become too outdated that it no longer pertains to this day in age. And as time moves on things are changing more at a rapid pace. I hate to admit it but there are times where I have trouble keeping up. So in order to do so I have swept away old knowledge, deleted useless material, and tossed out antiques I doubt I will ever use again. Though there are certain memories I have preserved for the sake of sentiment alone. They are my tethered shadows to the past.”
“I can tell you are thinking too loudly. A moral crisis no doubt. Either you are accepting or refusing? Which is it?” Sherlock interjected again.
A small voice came from behind him and John head whipped around to meet the sudden intruder: a petite woman. Her lab coat draped her small frame practically swallowing her whole making her look much smaller and younger than what she seemed. It didn’t really help matters none when John took note of her odd mismatched outfit that looked more like something a teenager would wear at university. Even her hair was swept up in a ponytail with a scrunchy that could easily date back to the 80’s or 90’s. John tried to read her name tag but it was covered by the lapels of her coat. The only words he could make out was that she was a pathologist assistant.
“What…what happens if I do?” John treaded cautiously, all cheerfulness from their previous conversations had completely vanished.
"We have some new modified muggle things that we have been testing out on the field and so far they have proved to be quite a success. Ah here." He picked up a laptop computer and showed it, with careful handling as though it was made of glass, to John.
waters. And I shall have to go deeper still.” He looked out the window as the cab stopped. The residence they had just pulled up to was not that of the comforts of Baker Street, but the marital home of the doctor.
“I thought he was looking quite a fright lately. I didn’t want to say anything to him. You know how peculiar he is.”
"Uh, yes," Startled by how the man knew he was a doctor. He had never mentioned it to Mrs. Hudson on the phone prior. "You must be Sherlock." He made his way into the sitting room and took a seat in red armchair that looked like it had seen better days.
"You'll have to forgive Mrs. Hudson sometimes she indulges at times in taking a higher dosage of her "evening herbal soothers" and it interferes with her dementia as she often forgets that I am. A. Consulting. Detective!" He said the last part through gritted teeth. Hoping his words would penetrate her brain.
When Sherlock was finished he nodded his head for John to follow him, but the doctor did not budge. As if sensing his hesitancy about the questionable place they were now in, the detective came over to John and linked his arm with his at the elbow. Guiding him down a hallway like a man would guide a woman down the street in older films. John felt the impertinent blush start to rise again, but quickly brushed it away before he was seduced by another spell.
“Oh yes. I trust them more than government officials. A user knows a user. Ah, there he is now. Going to go have a cigarette, John. Be back in a flash.”
"Afghanistan or Iraq?" Was man's first question, making John frown as he noticed Mike's mouth turn up in a smirk
The following day came much sooner than John had anticipated. Or it could've been the fact it was another sleepless night for the wizard. Images of a ruined besieged castle and fallen classmates had plagued his dreams. Reliving nightmares that he would rather not think about, even better if he could forget.
But he couldn’t help and remember their first night and Sherlock’s stern warning. Not to enter his room no matter what. Along with his intense stare this morning John knew he should know better. Respect his privacy and whatever internal battle Sherlock was engaging with himself to keep him on the side of sanity. Who knows, maybe this was how he dealt with situations such as these long before. He let go of the handle.
John watched their interaction with interest. He noted the blank face and stiff posture that this man was trying his hardest to stay somewhat civil to the woman who had struck a nerve in him.
This caught Sherlock’s attention as he looked up from his phone and slipped it back into his pocket.
"Wait. How does he know I was in the middle east?" John hesitated, looking across to Mike confused, but his rounded friend could only smile smugly.
"Now with this we will also have you contact us the moment you find out anything that is critical. These mobile phones are much faster than owls. This one just so happens to be Harry's old phone from Ginny when he did some minor field work for us a couple months back. Few scratches here and there, but still in very good condition. These will mainly be your working tools. Both of these have a little lock on the side where we have modified them to be muggle proof."
The detective was…inviting him? The prospect of running like an Auror again, even if it meant for a couple of hours, how could he refuse! It had been a long time since he had a good adrenaline rush. Now one laid before his feet.
He ventured further down the street trying to find any sign of the tall lanky muggle. Though the more he walked the more the crowds of people on the street got denser. There would be no way he was going to be able to find him like this. How was it that this man got away so fast? So far his first day as an Obilivator was not looking well. His attention was drawn to another phone booth that began ringing for no reason. For a moment he observed it and found nothing unremarkable about it, though curious if it was a phone booth that had been modified for Ministry employees. A thought occurred to him that perhaps they were trying to get a hold of him and without any greater judgement went inside the phone booth and answered the ringing contraption.
“Good morning.” The vampire popped out of the kitchen to greet John who was startled out of his skin, not expecting him to still be awake. His appearance seemingly had transformed over night. No longer did he look like walking corpse with ivory skin and tired eyes. The sun caressed his skin and gave it a youthful glow. Pale dusk lips were now rosy. Dark hallow eyes now shown in radiance. He had also changed his clothes to a more brighter display of a lilac button up dress shirt and black trousers. Even a silk maroon robe adorned him. The only theory John could come up with to Sherlock looking more alive was that he had to have done something recently. A meal. He did say he was going to be ‘busy’ last night.
What event had warranted him such a horrible death? What had happened so long ago to fall not as the hero detective solving crimes, but as the victim? John thought for a moment but his fantasized thoughts came up extremely broad. A number of things could have happened. He could have been randomly attacked or, given his line of work, turned by someone he was pursuing.
"When I met you for the first time yesterday, I said, 'Afghanistan or Iraq?' You looked surprised." Sherlock began his onslaught by peaking John's interest.
The door opened and a woman clad in a deep purple dress with long sleeves, brown hair greying along the edges of her ears, presented herself.
John stared at Sherlock as if he had just said ‘the sky was falling’. A relation? As in…family? John’s head was having a hard time wrapping itself around the construct.
“She had a history of schizophrenia and hallucinations.” Lestrade confined to John. “Her parents had her committed when she stopped eating and sleeping. Wouldn’t take her medications anymore. Began seeing figures in her room telling her to kill her mum and dad. She was on suicide precautions. Made it known to her doctors that she didn’t want to live. Kid didn’t last more than a couple days here until she went missing.”
Flabbergasted by the detective's conclusion he pressed on. He had to know the answers to his other accusations.
"Suitcase, yes. She's been married at least ten years, but not happily. She's had a string of lovers but none of them knew she was married."
"Friend of mine. When I say 'friend' ..." Sherlock slid off his coat and scarf and put them on a nearby chair letting his words fall on empty meanings. John was starting to get a second impression of the muggle at hand, almost a different nature. No longer was he the arrogant prat he had met yesterday, but rather boyish and awkward, fumbling in his conversation. Almost as if he really didn't know how to talk to people or perhaps his only friend was the quiet skull on the mantle piece. He looked too innocent.
This time his stone like legs finally gave way and began to function again. He made a sprint for the staircase and didn’t bother looking back. All he knew was that he had to get away from Sherlock. Far as possible.
A woman had a pole through her. Impaled diagonally from hip to hip. No doubt puncturing through her internal organs. It would be a fucking miracle if it didn’t hit her spinal column. She was rushed to surgery.
Before John could fully comprehend what was happening Sherlock was gone in a fell flash. All he could hear next was the gurgling choked out groan that echoed within the concrete walls. Then silence. Focusing more at where the intruder had once been, stood Sherlock. His hand, that could bring out the pleasant tunes of any ethereal instrument, was bringing out the sounds of death. He grasped the neck of the man so tightly his fingers dug into the skin that was quickly turning red from the lack of oxygen. The man was far from being scared of the detective before him, he was down right petrified of the demon that held his life from the brink of existence.
Their cab ride was a short lived one. The whole time John felt almost embarrassed to look at the detective who seemed as calm as a cucumber. He shook his head. He was going to have to really stop thinking about food analogies if he was going to survive this trip with some amount of dignity. Surely, for all that was holy, this had to be for the case and not for more deviant matters.
"Is that it?" John interjected, not satisfied with his answer. He wasn't going to let him just hop out the door and not answer how he thought John was just going to be his flatmate and move in and for God's sake how in the hell did he know about the middle east?!
“Oh…uh, good morning.” John’s eyes flitted to the open drapes that was letting in full scales of light into the room and back to Sherlock. Apart from his shocking metamorphosis John was wondering how he wasn’t bursting into flames. Obviously he had a lot to learn about what was fiction and what was real regarding the detective’s unique lifestyle.
"Hopefully this will be easy. Just watch, Obliviate, and redirect him. Simple enough. At least I hope."
His words struck a chord within John. Perhaps he was right. How was he to expect a traumatizing tale of the detective’s own death when he couldn’t even be truthful about his own plagues with his therapist. John’s eyes pulled away from Sherlock’s and suddenly found his cereal more interesting.
“Well I can assure you the kind of questions I want to ask are not suitable ones to be asking so freely in public. One must learn to be discreet and my questions are in no way shape or form ‘normal’ in the sense.”
Honestly he should’ve thought of this sooner instead of letting this madness going on for so long. Yes, the hospital was receiving blood in the labs, all ready for another transfusion if needed be, but they were constantly going out as fast as they were coming in. Which led to the hospital’s newest solution that they came up with today and that was to hold a local blood drive for the victims of the terrorist attack on the tube. Once John saw all the setup he didn’t think twice about pickpocketing a IV kit and stealing other supplies, whisking it all away and setting up his own donation in an unoccupied consultation room.
“What if she was being threatened?” John questioned. “If she did know her murderer and if she was being threatened, maybe she was coerced out? It may have tied in with her hallucinations and schizophrenia. She probably didn’t know what was real.”
Their ride came to an end into a rundown neighborhood, pulling up to the curbside where the Yard were already waiting for them.
"I cut a deal with Mrs. Hudson. She owes me a favor." John heard a kettle click on and the clattering of China being set up as the man stirred around the kitchen. "Couple of years ago her husband was being sentenced in Florida for getting into some trouble. I helped out."
“It wasn’t the doctor. Nor the regular staff. I believe her hallucinations of the people she saw were real. Falling prey to a serial killer. You are looking for someone who has ties to the occult. No doubt she was their latest victim and sacrifice.”
"Me too." John picked up cup of tea and took a drink. "But I wouldn't trade one moment. There have been times where it has been raving bonkers but I think that's what has made our time together special."
“Only what you inquired about. The CCTV footage from the tube station.” Mycroft retrieved a USB drive from the inside of his suit jacket.
Sherlock pointed down at the body, more importantly the back of her legs, where tiny muddied prints could be seen.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak again but immediately shut it. His confusion dissipating into more understanding.
"Next," Mr. Weasley spun around and searched through a box that was sitting on a desk "I have a mobile phone. These things are all the rage in the muggle world! You can talk to people from far away, or anymore, they are just like the laptop where you can access the web. Fascinating things!" he turned back to John to show him.
“Did you take up smoking before or after your change?” John internally cringed at how the question escaped his mouth with no blatant regard for the detective. After all the last time he had asked anything about Sherlock’s personal life, dead or undead, he had given him a cold defensive answer.
"I think he wants me to take a look." He replied sarcastically, patience running thinner by the second.
The sofa could be compromised at times but not between the hours of noon and three in the afternoon. Apparently the sun hit it just right for a perfect afternoon catnap. Any doorway, furniture, or item of interest to Sherlock was laid claim when he rubbed it with the side of his head, stroke of his hand or brush of his tail. If John accidentally made the mistake of touching the wrong thing he was earned a scowl and the process had to start all over again. He felt like he was stepping on invisible toes when he didn’t know there was any there. It was constantly an awkward dance as he tried to stay on his side and the detective on his. Though luckily John had been spared his feline scenting treatments.
"I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But your conversation as you entered the room said trained at a hospital, so Army doctor – obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp's really bad when you walk but you don't ask for a chair when you stand, like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan; Afghanistan or Iraq."
The detective had said it with such a calm demeanor and with such purpose that John latched onto his every word. Until he repeated what the man had just said in his mind. A…vampire? John’s brows furrowed and could see that this man meant every word he said. There was no lingering joke held over him that he was going to suddenly start laughing or cut up and say he was teasing.
“If you insist. I have been called by Lestrade to a crime scene. You being a medical man I could use your assistance.”
In quick strides Sherlock drew near him in an instant, like a moth to a seductive flame. What was it about this man that called forth long forgotten memories as if they were just spoken yesterday? Sherlock watched the doctor as he walked down the pavement seemingly unaware that danger lurked right behind him. Sherlock often used this small talent to make easy observations and deductions while going unseen by others. Simply a shadow in the wake of the living.
"Oh this must be it. My initiation has started." He thought to himself, now that Mike's smile was ever apparent, probably laughing at his own joke only he seemed to know. Now John really was curious of what made this man so…different.
Wasting no time he unscrewed the cap and took his first drink. The taste was like opening an old vintage wine. A flavor he had not tasted in a nearly a hundred years since the creation of blood banks. The blood was rich in iron that created a coppery tang on his tongue. The parched plains of his mouth and throat were immediately blessed. He could practically feel it already metabolizing in his system like a rush of a drug. He had forgotten what it tasted like to have fresh blood, live blood, one that could sustain him. He forgot how addicting it was, just like the cocaine that was his mistress long ago. He wanted to savor this. There was such a unique taste to it he was sure he had never tasted one quite like it before.
Being momentarily halted by Sherlock’s words he almost didn’t notice the detective reach out a hand towards his face. The blush that had started as a low cinder had ignited and he could feel it burning all the way down his neck and even up to his ears. John watched him with anticipation as his hand came closer and closer, but missed his face entirely. Instead he felt the brush of Sherlock’s fingers on the nape of his neck and tugging on his coat.
The Inspector lead them up the circular staircase. Each step they took was a groan from the floorboards underneath as though the weight of the world could buckle through them at any moment.
Sherlock shook the dark thoughts out if his mind and peered from the kitchen over to John who had taken refuge in his chair and “vegging out”, as he had put it, in front of the television. He never before understood the metaphor until he studied him now. John’s eyes appeared glossed over, unfocused, staring into an unknown void that only he could see. His form was slouched to the side taking no resemblance of actual sitting. And here he thought he was doing “lifeless” in all literal sense and John was doing it better than he was.
” He stressed the two words with emphasis. “As I have been trying to explain that to my overly annoying relation.”
John wasn’t entirely sure what the difference was between his blood and anyone else’s that the vampire consumed. All that mattered at the moment was that Sherlock was back on his feet and acting like his old self again. John had somewhat missed him making tea and having casual conversations at the table. It was one of the quiet pleasures that they had both come to enjoy amidst their chaotic lifestyle. Besides, they still had a case to solve and Lestrade was biting at the bit for the detective to get over his ‘illness’ so they could get back on track.
"Thanks. I'll let you know if anything else comes up." John ended the call and shoved the phone back into his pocket.
Sherlock watched as the doctor retreated up the stairs to his room. This had been an odd night indeed. One where it had pulled on the lingering lines to his past. The case had been brief but it had brought a dark foreboding feeling of dread. Something he could not readily place. Like a word one has forgotten but hides at the end of ones tongue beckoning to be spoken into existence.Sherlock laid on the sofa and closed his eyes, resting his hands under his chin. There was only one solution to this prickling sensation in his mind and that was to go and seek answers.
“Death wants you to be terrified, but the scariest thing is wanting death. They made her suffer before she met her end.”
The French switch rolled off Sherlock’s tongue in such a fluid manner that was honeyed in nature. John knew the detective was well versed in the language and had heard it in small snippets from time to time. But only in times of excitement on a case when all the clues were coming together. This time however, they seemed like more careful chosen words, as if he was speaking to a lover.
John remembered what Sherlock had said, that he could easily smell who had a wound. But would a starving vampire notice any difference between the smell of John handling blood bags and his own
“Quiet.” He commanded and the room came to a pause and stared at Sherlock with confused expressions. But John had caught on a little faster than the rest. He could see the quick twitch of the feline’s ear underneath the hat and knew he had heard something of great importance. Enough to summon a complete stand still.
When John first saw this display he had no idea what to make of it. To him it had been a foreign concept. He understood it had to do with how Sherlock solved cases, but wasn’t sure how to make sense of it. Until one day a thought finally struck him. Sherlock had said he had a mind palace filled with information. A skill he perfected in order to do his work. It wasn’t a hodge podge of random things tacked to a wall. What he finally realized was that this was a glimpse into the mind palace itself. This was how Sherlock’s brain worked and it was incredible. John sat down in his chair as he watched Sherlock work from across the room, flitting to and fro, rambling on about certain details.
“Is that why you use the bagged blood? To constantly keep yourself fed so you don’t have to go a week or so without it on purpose?”
“Of course, Watson. Earl Grey, no sugar, and a splash of milk to taste.” The answer rolling off his tongue as if he knew it all along. John’s mouth gaped at him slightly as he set the mug down beside his plate and seated himself across the table.
“A few decades now since she has returned to England from Florida. Helped her with her husband’s death penalty.”
“Ah,” Sherlock answered. “I see your knowledge of my kind is low. What exactly do you know if I may ask? Or is your view of us clouded by myths and rumors?”
"It's not obvious to me." The detective stopped his movements and stared at the two men before him, seemingly wondering how on earth they ever made it past primary school.
What had once been a one time occurrence began to take form as a new routine for John. It wasn’t too long after the case of the murdered psychiatric patient that they were swept away again on another adventure. He wasn’t surprised when Sherlock had asked him to come along to join him and he was eager to go. This time however, it was a stake out.
A woman blows her own brains out in public and you need help identifying the guilty party. I fear Scotland Yard has reached a new low.”
Sherlock sauntered over to the window and peered down to the street below. Watching people from above he could tell anyone their own darkest secrets. Politician having an affair, an accountant laundering money, a nurse that has been falsifying documents. He had seen them walk the street before. None of them new to him. The usual crowd. Dull. Lifeless. Predictable.
Obvious? Red flags were beginning to raise in John's mind curious of what other conclusion the muggle had come to. Hopefully none concerning the fact this wasn't Jennifer Wilson at all. John dreaded to ask his own question.
“Splendid. I have a good English breakfast for you here on the table. Eggs, beans, toast, sausage. You know, the works. I know you must be hungry.”
"Well, bit different from our day." John looked around the laboratory room in interest, his cane clicked loudly with each step.
Confused, John looked back towards the man who now appeared to be wrapping things up with his laptop and closing it down.
"So he's done it to you then? This "deduction" thing? What is it?" John was beginning to get leery abut how this muggle had such an effect on people.
With slight difficulty John got up and followed Harry, his cane clicking all the way down the hall of the Ministry of Magic, both catching a ride on the elevator to the lower level.
“Oh please, I didn’t use you. You provided great insight and we set the Yard in the right direction. I would say this night has been most productive to the point that you will be extremely valuable next time.”
“Back again so soon?” Mrs Hudson’s smile was just as bright when she opened the door to John the second time in one day, though it was framed a little in confusion.
“Young female, no ID yet,” Lestrade said to Sherlock as he got close, motioning down to the small beach below them, created as the tide went out. From this distance all Sherlock could see was the outline of a large dark shape on the sand, surrounded by figures in hi-viz jackets who were doing their best to shield it from the view of curious onlookers who huddled in cold bunches on Putney Bridge.
It had been exactly what he’d needed. He thought to himself some time later, stomach full of tea and freshly baked scones and the extra slice of lemon drizzle cake, since he was “looking so thin” now that she wasn’t there to look after him.
John saw him. Talked to him. After a long day spent pouring over page after page of notes so imbibed with the spirit of him they seem to sing with his presence.
Sherlock turned, almost knocking into Lestrade who was standing close behind him with a small smile on his face.
The two of them are left standing on the pavement, surrounded by shopping bags and, at least on John’s part, a strange sense of bewilderment.
But John is already moving forward toward it, acting like nothing is wrong, acting like he is in control. “It’ll be my receptionist.” He says, unsure whether he believes this or not. “She’d only call if it’s important.”
“I had something important to do,” Sherlock was striding toward him across the front lawn of a plain suburban house. A small gaggle of police officers were congregated outside, a few in hi-vis jackets.
“Okay.” A single nod of agreement on John’s part, then his gaze back on the man above him. “You’re sodding alive Sherlock!” There’s laughter in his words.
Sherlock eyes widen a little at that; John can almost see his extraordinary mind mulling them over. Was that hope?
“It’s my stag night. I can’t believe it’s my stag night. Sometimes I wonder how I ever found myself in this position. But Mary. She’s, she’s
“You’ve really thought this through,” John says in admiration, he can’t decide whether or not it is a question.
The stranger seems to waver, before deciding with a slight tip of his head: “Sherlock Holmes,” He offers,
“Yes.” Sherlock has plucked a photograph of John and Mary from the mantle and is studying it intently,
“It’s still empty,” Mrs Hudson said without preamble as she walked with him back out into the hallway.
“If you’re coming out for a smoke, don’t step on me.” John clarified, still not turning to look at him.
When he opens them again John is looking down at a shivering dark stranger lying on his side on a hospital bed. John is wearing his usual scrubs. Can remember the coffee he’s just finished in the doctors lounge. Knows that today is Thursday and that tomorrow he has a date.
“Not sure I could be sitting in a quiet job in a little hospital in London. Not when there are people in the world that need me like they do out there.”
The whole thing was ridiculous. His life was passing him by while he was invested in a fantasy, an impossibility. A person no more real to him than the characters in those silly detective stories he used to read. He had to stop living in the past, most specifically two years in the past. He needed to move forward.
Instead he’d seen something in the top pocket of the man’s jacket, partly obscured by his left arm. Remembering the previous scalding Sherlock swiped at a nearby discarded glove and used it to ease the card from the clothing.
John studies him for a moment, wondering when the simple idea of someone noticing your habits had become so touching.
“I managed to get by her this time…” Sherlock continues, oblivious “But she’s going to realise… I’ll need your help.” He stops suddenly, looking around “You made tea?”
“Right,” John was looking quickly between her eyes, “I thought I…” He started, wavered, “I mean I thought I recognised you, but I wasn’t sure…”
He’d paced the hallway of 221 for over half an hour after his final reply, but his note had stayed firmly in place in the pigeonhole. Nervous of Mrs Hudson’s return he’d had to leave, but not before he’d thought to slip his old key from the hook beside the door.
“I said you’re nervous. At first I thought it was the tour, but that’s not it. It’s your family. The people in your life. You don’t have many, but those you do, you value. They make you worry. You beat yourself up in coffee shops over arguments you may or may not have had, but you can’t change the past. The harm you have done to others or that I have done to you. You can’t fix it.” The longer the stranger talks the further away his words seem to be becoming. “And you shouldn’t try. You don’t want to. But I value you. More than you realise. I don’t mean to do you harm. I don’t want you to fix this, fix me. I just want you to come back.”
“We didn’t see you.” John pauses, thinking, studying. “How long have you been just on the edge of things?”
“You do have a lot of things,” Mrs Hudson said looking around, her gaze moving up the wall, “Is that a…”
“No.” Sherlock stated firmly, “I’ve made arrangements for someone to stay and look after my things. You shan’t be lonely,”
“So you don’t know what I’m thinking?” John asks playfully, making a show of studying Sherlock’s face intently. Beautiful, is what he’s thinking.
Sherlock remains standing. An ethereal dark statue in the middle of the room. Lit only by the orange glow of the streetlights outside uncurtained windows.
“I…” John starts but finds himself completely adrift with what he could possibly offer as a response.
“I need to speak to that journalist.” He demanded, poking savagely at the page on the desk. “And the detective in charge of the case. Amateurs! The case is clearly linked! How many more have we missed!?” Sherlock had had some time stuck in the back of a black cab to work himself into peak rage.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Sherlock begins rather sarcastically and John is sure he sees him roll his eyes fractionally, “Now I’m supposed to ask where you live?”
“The newspapers were right all along.” The man continues, nonsensically. “I want you to tell Lestrade; I want you to tell Mrs Hudson, and Molly. In fact, tell anyone who will listen to you...”
“Yes,” She replies thoughtfully, “We all did.” Sober for a moment, then a smile: “He really had us going with that one didn’t he?”
“Captain John Watson,” He told the nurse behind the reception desk. Again. He repeated the words carefully as if the reason she wasn’t complying was that she hadn’t heard him.
“Oh, I know you’re busy,” She read his mind. “Don’t worry, I was just in the area and I thought I’d stop in and see you in your natural habitat.” She winked. “You’ll come see me in mine soon won’t you dear?”
“John.” A voice says as John brings the receiver to his ear. The single word has the power to make John’s head spin; it’s a familiar baritone. Familiar so many years ago now. It’s desperate: “Listen to me…”
“We need a unit to the flat of Dr Molly Hooper, address…” Lestrade rattled off the information, but Sherlock wasn’t listening. Instead he was barking his own instructions to the nearest officers:
Sherlock rolled his eyes a little but accepted it as the gesture of affection that it so clearly was.
Sherlock found that he was, in fact, sitting in the armchair that Moriarty had so recently vacated. It had been the closest available perch as Sherlock had retreated into himself, reviewing what had been said and processing everything he’d learnt.
“No need,” Sherlock replied, springing into action by shouldering a particularly large box and moving past her, “I work best alone,”
He’d tried working through it. Long hours of non-descript faces and standard ailments. Summer colds and winter burns. Allergies. Sprained ankles. STDs. He became the best locum a surgery could ask for – available any time, day and night. He’d stopped sleeping. It seems his flatmate wasn’t the only one with a talent for consciousness.
“In a bad way, I’m afraid,” Mary replied, “We’re keeping his visitors to a minimum, hence all the security,”
“Yes, yes, sorry,” He apologised immediately, dropping his gaze and focussing for a second on the end of his cane on the pavement. “It’s just, I think I picked up some of Sherlock’s post by accident, on my way out, you see…” He was rambling, but held out the note to her in evidence, it had the word ‘Sherlock’ printed very clearly and carefully on the front. “You wouldn’t…?” He faltered, “You wouldn’t see that he gets it?”
to watch as John's blue eyes go a bit hazy before falling closed, his hips stuttering before thrusting up hard in one long snap, and he shakes a bit, breaths quivering out in random intervals as he follows Sherlock down, his orgasm positively beautiful just like John and Sherlock grabs onto any part he can of that stocky, fit body so he can
"Sure," the brunette girl shrugs, "I've got to get some homework done actually so I'm going to head out. But I'll see you Monday, yeah Sherlock?"
Victor Trevor, the biggest, meanest, dumbest boy in school, is bent over a table on the opposite side of the small room.
"John", Sherlock gasps and even to his own ears it sounds like a plea, begging the boy delivering such unbelievable pleasure to his body to stop, scrabbling a hand along John's shoulder and hair. "John. John! Please, John stop,
Like he should have done all those years ago and never dealt with stupid, useless emotions like love.
Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks, his socked feet sliding against the wood at the abruptness of the movement. He'd just arrived back home from the store, dutifully ignoring his flatmate sitting on the couch.
Truthfully, he's lying here desperately willing the world to come to an end. If a black hole would simply swallow the earth right this minute, that would be ideal. Or just London. More improbable, probably impossible, but one can always hope. Hope for impossible.
"Oh god, you can't be that loud, love," John half-laughs, half-moans as he continues to circle his goal with the pad of his finger. "I wish you could, my god you are so sexy, I can't even explain it and I promise when we get back to Baker Street I am going to make you bloody
Looking equally stunned, John hovers in the doorway for a long moment, raking his eyes up and down Sherlock's frame with those gorgeous blue orbs, taking in every inch of him before he seems to come to, realizing he hasn't said a word yet and snapping his gaze upward to offer an apologetic smile, lifting a brown paper bag up that's currently clutched in his left hand.
And just like that, like every other day over the past year, the air was suddenly thick in John's lungs. The chill suddenly faded to a warm lull in his veins, body heating at the tender words.
Rolling his eyes and attempting to shake it off, he tugs his phone free from his pocket and glances over his screen before the first bell rings, finding a new unread message from the boy he can't stop thinking about, and the rest of the world falls away as he reads the two worded text.
Sherlock was posh, no doubt, but never did he come off snobby. Rude, sure. Snide, absolutely. Brilliant, always. But not better. Not condescending. Superiority purely based on intelligence, not on clothing, looks or money in the bank. Sherlock earned his status in life by hard work, not privilege.
Mentally whacking himself in the forehead at his own stupidity, John tosses a thumb over his shoulder, gesturing back toward the field. "Greg should be over in a minute," he attempts to smile, the bell of the panic alarm in his head easing as he realizes Mycroft isn't here for him at all, obviously. Why would he be? He certainly isn't aware of John's inner turmoil over his baby brother.
"Sherlock Holmes, as I live and breathe," a soft, feminine voice comes from just beyond one of the racks of books and Sherlock snaps his head up to see a young, petite brunette peering at him with sharp green eyes from around the shelf. "What on earth is my brooding little lab partner doing hiding away in the library at 11am on a Saturday while the entire rest of the university is currently screaming their guts out at our beloved rugby team?"
"That is true. And you are intelligent in your own right. You get excellent marks in school in a difficult program. But are you clever John? Really clever?" Sherlock was grinning again and John narrowed his eyes.
Sherlock crosses his arms. "Really," he says flatly. "You never even kissed her?" The sentence is meant to bite but John just shakes his head.
"Okay, so these... what are they called? Deductions? Yeah, okay, deductions. Are they just natural?" Mike was asking now.
"Fucking perfect," John whispers in Sherlock's ear as he runs his palms down the genius boy's thighs, stroking along goose pimpled skin and reveling in the answering groan he receives. "You are so goddamn beautiful."
And that's when John finally found his voice. Just as Sherlock was stepping around him, posed to strike with a few words of his own, John turned on his sibling. "Oh fuck you, Harry," he spat, unsure where the boiling anger was coming from but using it anyway.
"You are capable of anything, Sherlock. Don't sell yourself so short, alright? He's a very good young man and I think he'll be better for you then you've even considered."
And remembering there was a very nude John Watson only meters away, Sherlock abandoned all thoughts of hollering and following the sound, deciding he could tell John all about the message from Lestrade while giving him a good scrub down in the shower.
The megawatt smile of John Watson returns in full force, beaming up at Sherlock with all its brilliance and Sherlock's heart is an absolute wreck in his chest. "Me too," he whispers, leaning forward to drop a gentle kiss to Sherlock's lips. "I hated being away from you, you have no idea."
He rounded the outside of the building, phone in hand, thumb hovering over Mycroft's number when he heard a soft moan. He stopped immediately; silently tucking his brightly lit phone into his pocket and trying to ignore the inward kick his brain gave him realizing he hadn't checked either side alley of the club. He'd only assumed people were intelligent enough not to use those areas, seeing as they weren't nearly as private as the back. Dammit. He always missed something.
John nodded frantically, agreeing to whatever Sherlock wanted in advance as he watched Sherlock's eyes roam over his body. Sherlock hadn't asked him to tell him if he wanted to stop since that first night on the kitchen table, so this boded well that they may be trying something new.
He was all too aware that John would be showing up at his office that night, just like he had for four weeks, two coffees in hand, all smiley and adorable. Ugh, that
"Yeah, you obviously are. Unfortunately, you haven't seemed to become aware that I am quite stubborn."
Glancing up to find Greg and Mycroft off in their own little world, opening each other's presents and grinning stupidly at each other while Mr. and Mrs. Holmes pretend not to be watching, John nods, clearly pleased that no one is going to be watching him rip open wrapping paper, and sets about doing just that, flashing Sherlock subtle grins as he works the ribbons and tape free.
It breaks something in John, knowing Sherlock was in that situation, even if nothing happened it still makes him sick to think about, the idea of someone trying to hurt Sherlock,
John nods with feigned seriousness. "I see. If you could choose, you'd be a poor sod living on the streets then?"
A long, thin, pale frame lays on the bottom bunk just across the room from the window. Torso completely bare, silky maroon boxer shorts standing out against almost translucent skin, Sherlock Holmes is sprawled out on his bed like a delicious feast for John to run his gaze and hands and tongue all over. Sherlock's hands are above his head, threaded in his hair, eyes closed, lips parted. He trails his fingers down his cheeks, sliding capable digits down his long neck, mouth twitching open further as he touches his own pulse. He glides his hands lower, over his chest and down, running his index fingers lightly against his nipples. John's mouth begins to water as he watches the sensual movement of Sherlock's hands exploring his own body, mouth parting in a gasp when he touches a sensitive area.
"Are you fucking joking John? You can't just go to some guy's house for three days and let him do whatever he wants to you!" Mike was on the verge of hysterics.
Sherlock opened his mouth but nothing came out as he frowned, then closed it again, seeming so confused that John didn't want to leave him hanging.
Christ, such a small thing shouldn't feel so bloody good but Sherlock's inexperienced body doesn't care because it's John Watson's lips on his and John Watson's breath on his cheek and John Watson's hands on his chest and before he can stop it, before he can swallow it back down into his throat and hide it forever, a soft little moan escapes into his closed mouth, stifling it enough that if they were anywhere besides a small, silent room it would go unnoticed.
It was like cutting the strings of a puppet, as John's entire body wilted, whirling around and burying itself as deeply into Sherlock as it would go, face pressing into his neck and arms encircling his waist.
"He asked what my intentions were," John interrupts, crossing his arms and shooting a pointed glower at Mycroft a bit childishly but now he has back-up that Holmes the elder will listen to and John wouldn't be cowed to this nonsense. "
John shook his head hastily. "Not at all. I...I liked it. I mean, I didn't like that you were so exhausted and I didn't like that you were hurt. But I liked being able to take care of you."
"He's all bark and no bite," Victoria continued as though Mycroft hadn't spoken. "I'm sure you can understand though, what with having an older sister and all."
"Hush," Sherlock whispered, placing his thumb over John's lips. "I'll explain later." He groaned, clearly coming up on his own release.
Although, the way John had responded during their conversation was embarrassingly immature. He could barely get his brain to send actual words to his mouth, let alone sentences. Sherlock clearly had one hell of a gift, was obviously highly intelligent, and John wanted to kick himself for how he'd reacted. He really wasn't normally like that. It was utterly humiliating.
He knew it was a bad idea. He'd wrestled with it for two long weeks, not helped by the fact that he'd seen him six times in those two weeks, demanding his attention at 8 AM with his sharp features, fitted suits and deep, sultry voice as he glided back and forth in front of the class.
"I want to take this nice and easy," John assures him, dropping soft kisses to the corners of Sherlock's mouth between his words and tracing the pad of his thumb along the genius boy's plump lower lip. "You're very important to me. This thing between us is important to me. I don't wanna go mucking it up by moving too fast, okay?"
The fact that John's body still remembers Sherlock and their usual sleeping position feels like a tiny stab in Sherlock's heart. It should be comforting.
"So… let me get this straight," Greg said slowly as John slumped in a familiar fashion onto the couch, still shaking from his interaction with Sherlock.
He'd lived with Sherlock for just shy of two semesters. Yes he was absolutely difficult to live with, but that wasn't exactly the point. And besides, it didn't matter to John seeing as John was madly in love with the boy.
He'd made a call like this only once before in all of his 19 years on this earth. It was an unspoken agreement they had and he was so grateful for it now.
It's obvious she needs more. She wants to run and jump and move and Sherlock's guilt only builds. He doesn't know what to do for her. He can't let her go though. She would be miserable anywhere else. At least here, she has him to look after her.
"Will you come with?" Sherlock replies just as softly, tucking his face into the juncture where John's shoulder meets his neck and sighs reverently. "Because if so, then yes."
Because John Watson is the boy. The boy that makes Sherlock's stomach do somersaults every time he looks at him, the boy that makes every day in this dark, dim school a little bit brighter, the boy that's got ahold of Sherlock's delicate, breakable heart without having a clue what he's done to the genius boy.
Sherlock was speaking again and John tried to tune back in with difficulty, the horrifying reality of the situation registering in his brain.
It's probably unsafe, being curled up in bed together like this in the dark, both boys only wearing shorts and t-shirts, grabby hands roaming, moans getting breathier and breathier, but god John can't stop, he needs to kiss Sherlock like he needs air because he's needed this for so long and it's finally happening and that makes it nearly impossible to remove his hands, or lips, from Sherlock's person. His hands race restlessly all over that tall body, opening his mouth further and letting Sherlock in as much as possible, tongues undulating against each other faster and harder.
This is normally when Sherlock's mind promptly blurs and he disappears into a world filled with faux-John Watson.
Sherlock. It's more likely John just likes kissing him. That was okay too. Whatever John wants. Sherlock is happy to oblige. Hiding away in the school to snog. Hiding away in the studio to snog. Hiding in each other's bedrooms to-
"Shut up," he breathes. He doesn't want his afterglow delight to be shattered just yet. He shakes his head. "That was... fantastic."
He hadn't looked at Sherlock in weeks. Hadn't attempted a glance, with effort, hadn't even made for a quick look. Simply ignored him. It was surprisingly easy to do when Sherlock didn't push the issue. Didn't attempt to force him into a conversation or any type of interaction. He, in fact, seemed hell bent on ignoring John as equally as John was ignoring him.
Sherlock glanced up to see John's blue eyes watching him warily, bottom lip pinched between his teeth.
"Wait," John mumbles over his lips, although he doesn't pull away this time, still catching Sherlock's lips in his teeth in between his words. "How do you know how much preparation you need?"
"Fair enough," Paul nods, before fixing John with a steady glance. "He'll be alright, Johnny. We'll protect him."
The reply took eternity. John's leg bounced up and down with anxiety, finger tapping against the screen of his mobile.
But most of all, as selfish and ridiculous as this sounds, John hated the way emerald green eyes had narrowed in on Sherlock Holmes with such laser focus and intent. Like Victor had some sort of intentions for the genius boy. Like Victor was
He's holding John's head at angle that's most likely terrible for a concussed person but he simply cannot get enough of his love's sweet, soft mouth, savoring every quiet moan and tasting the sounds on John's tongue, deciding if the boy really did have a concussion he certainly wouldn't be this alert and alive, clutching to Sherlock and Sherlock to the wall, head back and face tipped up, accepting all the delicate kisses Sherlock offers him.
"He doesn't sound like a very intelligent boy," Sherlock murmured next to him. John was a bit startled by that response and his cheeks heated up. He tried to laugh but it came out more choked and hesitant.
Sherlock actually looks startled for a moment and then bursts out laughing. "Oh god, can I please tell him you said that?" He giggles and John beams. He loves making Sherlock laugh. The grin that spreads across his lips and the tint his eyes take is the absolute best.
He breathed a shaky exhale through a small moue of trembling lips. "And then I met you," he murmured. "And now it hurts more to think I almost missed out on knowing you."
to be alone entirely, Sherlock now cannot imagine that life he's led for so long. He can't see it at all, can't picture that lonely boy in secondary school getting taunted and pummeled and berated on a daily basis, can't remember what it felt like to hold his head high and ignore everything and everyone and worry only about himself and his wants and his needs, vowing to never rely on another person again. He cannot remember that boy he was anymore.
Sherlock had cocked his head, running his gaze down John in one fell swoop, pressing the tip of his tongue to the deep bow of his upper lip, silver balled metal protruding out the underside of the muscle, a motion that John would soon find signaled Sherlock was in deducing mode. He nodded once as though to himself then raised his eyes to meet John's. "I've got a meeting with my counselor in twenty minutes."
She's gorgeous. Truly, the most stunning thing he's ever laid eyes on, her satin chestnut hair carefully groomed and ratty mane she won't let anyone brush except him, and now Mrs. Hudson since he's been away, laying down her back.
"Christ, your arse," John murmurs in his lover's ear. "Fucking hell, you are perfect." He drops a hand down to that plush backside and gets a grip full of soft skin. "God yes, ride my cock."
Tiny sounds sneak their way out of Sherlock's lips at their own accord with every push and pull of their bodies, and he locks his arms around John's neck, holding on for dear life, attempting to anchor himself back into the moment because John looking at him like this and talking to him like this and working his body like this is overwhelming him in the best way possible and he never ever wants it to end.
He groans internally. Another gorgeous human being that spends far more time with his roommate than he cares for.
The admission itself isn't the surprise but more the fact that the admission happened at all is what gets John's stomach doing one backflip after the other, unable to tear his gaze away from his perfect boyfriend, certain he's staring like a besotted loon and still he can't bring himself to care. "I like you too," he whispers, just considering reaching out to grasp Sherlock's hand, maybe pull him close enough to lay kisses against his lips and cuddle him close.
An hour earlier, those dark jeans wrapped snugly around John Watson's perfect arse had been lying in a crumpled pile on Sherlock Holmes' bedroom floor.
Mr. Holmes lips twitch. "Sherlock," he proceeds cautiously. "You were a bored, bouncing off the walls eight-year-old. Nothing held your attention. I was worried you wouldn't want to take care of an animal."
no less.  Sherlock’s eyes were already alluring, but add that touch of black with just the right amount of smudge and holy hell, John’s libido is off and running. To be honest, it had been since he got the text from Sherlock earlier in the day, leaving him on edge and half hard ever since and now that John has spotted him on the dance floor, he’s been growling under his breath, never letting Sherlock out of his sight or his grasp for longer than a minute and Sherlock is
. Christ, it's been so long since he's been here, his mouth ticking up at one corner, entire body beginning to buzz a bit as the cab slows to a halt in front of a giant window. Warmth spreads along the inside of Sherlock's ribcage at the sight of
Sherlock nodded once. "Good. There's a bedroom upstairs Mycroft insists I keep fully furnished incase our parents come to visit. You can sleep there."
"Oh do shut up, Sherlock," Mycroft replied unenthusiastically. "Sarcasm is such an unattractive quality."
"What things?" Greg shoots back with a step forward, followed by Mike and Paul, closing in around John like a protective knot, offering assistance and friendship and anything John may need like the incredibly kind people that they are. "Come on, Johnny, Sherlock is practically my family, if there is something wrong you need to-"
John Watson, captain of the rugby team, adorned in said rugby jacket, navy thread bringing out those blue irises more than ever, white C fitted against his chest on the left and his initials on the right, blond fringe laying down across his forehead and winging to the side, looking gorgeous as all bloody hell drops down in the seat across from the genius at their usual table and Sherlock thanks his lucky stars that John is currently rummaging through his pack and not looking at the bloke who is currently attempting to find his voice again.
He clutched the pillow tightly against his face, closing his eyes and biting down so hard he'd find tiny teeth-shaped holes in the fabric the next morning as he let wave after wave of pure agony roll through him.
The tears are finally slowing as Sherlock clings to John. "I missed you too, John. Every single day."
"I didn't... I didn't think you wanted this. You're bloody impossible to read," John grumbles, the next bite a little harsher against Sherlock's collarbone, although Sherlock can't say he didn't enjoy the pain or the soothing swipe of tongue that followed.
"Seriously mate? You were hitting on one of the most respected and highly ranked men on this base. You're so fucked," Bill smirked.
Sherlock wonders more often then he should what it would be like to ride her. To saddle her up, take her out into the clearing and let her run. Feel the thrill of this magnificent creature's hooves pounding beneath him, free of restraints.
There is no response for a long moment, but John's frayed nerves have seemed to finally calm and he drops off into a light sleep, clutching his phone with a soft smile on his face.
Brilliant and mad were two excellent descriptions of John's roommate. Sherlock was constantly moving, talking, experimenting. He had a knack for knowing things people just didn't normally know, seeing things most people didn't see. He was an absolute bloody genius and absolutely fascinating and John's most favorite person in the world. It wasn't difficult to fall in love with him. And John did love him. John did love him so very much.
"Mike," Sherlock nods, giggling softly at the boy beaming in front of him and John's heart does a slow roll at the sound, something fluttering around inside his chest and making him warm all over.
Sherlock glares at him and scoffs, brows knitted together in what can only be fury. "Why are you being obtuse about this? We had a summer...whatever, fling? Romance? Hook-up? I don't know, but we had it and now it's time to go back to the real world."
Sherlock himself had taken plenty of willing participants out back of this very club. It was dark and secluded and added an element of danger to any act with the possibility of being caught. It was also convenient when looking to get off quickly. He saw the back exit and barreled toward it.
And for some awful reason it feels more like goodbye than thank you but John pushes that aside for now and slowly begins to make love to his boyfriend.
John blinked, seeming to weigh his options before dropping his eyes. "You were so unbelievably happy that day, Sherlock," he murmured to Sherlock's feet. "I've never seen you so happy."
"You'll always be there," Sherlock murmured. "You'll be with me at all times, so you have nothing to worry about. My sidekick, if you will," he grinned and John giggled softly.
Sherlock fights that familiar buzzing in his body. The same kind of buzzing he has every time he's around Dolly.
"Yes, Mycroft," he huffed, "I heard all about the delicious cake mummy made for you that you devoured in a single bite."
Victor's smile falters and Sherlock shifts his own bag in his hand, attempting to convey how much work is inside, which of course won't take him all night but staring at John Watson will and Sherlock would prefer to be locked away in his dorm room with that blond boy for the rest of the evening.
are the one that brought this to my attention, Mycroft," Sherlock said incredulously. "Why bring it up in the first place if you are truly this concerned? Just to be more insufferable than usual?"
Blue eyes finally slide up from the floor to find Sherlock's again, wide and round and shining with realization before crinkling with barely concealed mirth as John pinches his lips together to keep himself from laughing, the corners of his mouth pressed together so tightly they're turning white. "Oh my-"
It wasn't that he thought it would ruin anything. He didn't. They both had a past, of different sorts but still uncomfortable to have to talk about all the same. This night had been too pleasant to want to ruin it.
"You beautiful thing," John is breathing against his lip, pulling Sherlock's leg up and over John's hip and hauling him closer, tighter, harder. "God, how did I survive three days away from you? How?"
John laughed and sat back a bit more comfortable now against the wall. "I'm exhausted. How do you do this all the time without falling asleep?"
He buries his face in John's neck and sobs. "John," he whispers, fistfuls of John's shirt clutched in his fingers.
"You are not the police, Sherlock," Lestrade barked, grabbing the note from John's hand and glaring between them. "You guys can't-"
he's hit the nail right on the head, that he's said the words Sherlock's been thinking internally and terrified of anyone ever saying, before the arsehole is finally turning away. Sherlock stands a bit straighter, no longer cowed against cold metal as the bully before him slinks back but not before he delivers one last parting shot tossed over his shoulder, loud enough for the rest of the group to hear, loud enough to make Sherlock want to shrink in on himself all over again. "Pathetic little virgin. You're such a fucking freak."
Shaking that thought off – and all thoughts of John Watson for that matter – Sherlock shuffles into the main room, noticing the sofa has been pulled back out from where it had been stuffed up against the wall for beer pong the last time he'd been here. It looks so different and yet exactly the same, making his head feel a bit light with fuzzy memories of that night, the night he'd been a champion, the night he'd had a little group to call his own. The night big blue eyes had glittered up at him with, at the time Sherlock had misinterpreted as affection.
"Well, I'm sorry about that but I don't do the casual thing," Sherlock replied coolly, doing up the buttons of his bellstaff.
"Sherlock," John admonishes uselessly while also trying to keep his cool and not laugh idiotically at what was a rather poor joke, but John is finding out pretty quickly that anything Sherlock does today is going to seem funny and charming and perfect because this genius boy has caused tiny delighted little bubbles to continuously burst in John's chest and it's making his head feel light and giggly and happy.
John could understand that. Somewhere where he was comfortable. His own turf so to speak. He nodded and sat in one of the stools that lined the tables. This was it then. John already made up his mind. He knew about the drugs. Mycroft had hinted not so subtly at Sherlock's previous recreational use back in high school before he went to university. John didn't care. It was in the past. But he would give Sherlock the respect of telling him himself.
"Sod off," John laughs, tugging his phone out of his pocket and handing it to Irene. "We'd better exchange numbers, yeah? Keep in touch about all this? Greg Lestrade, our team captain, wants to be in the loop, too. He dates Sherlock's older brother."
.' It was different. They weren't here to simply get off and be done with it. This was about…intimacy. God, that hadn't even crossed his mind until right now. This was about showing the other person what they meant to you.
Sherlock had been awake. But he didn't need a drunk John to know that. Not when sober John was the kindest, gentlest human being on earth. Sherlock was honestly terrified to shatter that image. And a drunk John could have easily done that.
"I'm sure," Sherlock mutters. Still attempting to wriggle free of the hand wrapped around his shoulder, Christ he does
Sherlock had turned back to the pan on the stove, speaking calmly. "I sincerely hope you are not so stupid to truly believe what happened last night was simply because you chose to consume an extreme amount of alcohol. The man who dragged you to the dance floor, then requested you come to the alleyway with him was a predator, John. Not some nice guy who you accidently made angry enough to attack you."
"I really didn't," Sherlock grouses, glaring at the now crinkled heart still in John's hand like it had personally offended him. "But I'm pretty sure I know who did." He glances to the side muttering, "Molly Hooper giving me some sob story about science fairs and university scholarships from the funds of these stupid chocolate hearts."
"First of all, I'm about 75% sure you're going to need to vomit soon if the amount of alcohol you consumed last night is any indication, so please stop moving so quickly," was Sherlock's reply.
"Of course," Sherlock waves away the compliment with a flick of his wrist and tugs John toward the car waiting for them, allowing himself a small, private smile for pleasing his boyfriend so early in the night. Maybe this won't be a disaster after all.
John finally glanced up, mouth agape, really trying to understand what this man was saying. He must be misunderstanding. Or something. Right? No way he was saying…
"You've really taken that to heart have you, all that Queen and Country bullocks? Excellent. It will make you even less of a threat. A little doctor like you? Those other boys will take to you easily."
Sherlock flushes from head to toe, the heat of the dancing and sexual tension and need gone, stripping them back to just him and John, the two of them as themselves and the way John is staring at him now, so tenderly and lovingly and Sherlock wants to be home so much right now, back at Baker Street, back in their place, in their bed, quietly whispering confessions of love and exchanging soft touches and slow caresses and loving each other so quietly and deeply. Sherlock needs this right now so badly and he nods to his John, silently urging John to take the lead because Sherlock’s legs are jell-o and his heart is still turning over in his chest.  He needs this closeness so badly.
Why the arrogance mixed with intensity did it for him, John would never know, but it did. Sherlock wasn't afraid to say what he pleased, every thought he had seeming to escape his mouth without any consideration, which put most people off. The writing staff had many choice words about Sherlock's blunt reactions to their ideas and articles, some outright exclaiming anger and irritation.
Candles? Candles would not be safe in the dorm. John is already thoroughly against experiments, Sherlock is certain he would not appreciate an open flame for the sake of romance in their dorm room.
And in his saner moments, in his moments where John isn't actively touching him, Sherlock knows these are the thoughts of a lunatic. He knows his want has gone far beyond the realms of appropriate, if it ever was in the bounds to begin with, and he's properly ashamed and embarrassed and internally scolded.
, Sherlock. I didn't kiss you last night because we were drunk and I refused to let our first kiss be while under the influence. But you… You have to understand I didn't even know this was an
