He changed the subject instead.  “So, why don’t you get settled in, huh?  Take a hot shower, a nap. I’ll call Sammy, let him know you got in.”
Castiel wondered if, for the rest of his life, he’d mark Jack’s birthday; if he’d wonder if he were happy.
Her face softened, but only for a second before she readjusted her features into something sardonic. “Aw, you’re sweet, Clarence.”
When Meg arrived, Castiel stood up to greet her, and introduced her to his family.  She gave a little half-wave to each of them, and he could feel all their eyes on them.  It seemed like they were scrutinizing his every move, which may have been preposterous but it compelled him to take Zeke’s example and awkwardly give Meg a kiss on the cheek before they sat down.  It was quick, and she reacted by jerking away in surprise, and he felt his entire face heat up with embarrassment as he hoped no one saw the exchange.
Dean had to admit, Cas had a point, but he didn't like it.  If Cas got caught, all this would be over before it even started.  And he just didn't see a world where Michael or Raphael sat Cas down and came clean.  That could be months down the road—years.  Cas wasn't even a full employee yet.  There was no telling when he'd be let in on the family secret, if he ever were.
Castiel supposed he should thank him. “Yes. We did.”
If Charlie hadn’t been standing right there, Dean would have joked that he’d almost missed Dorothy’s unique brand of crazy.
“Like a soul bonding?” Sam said, and Rowena nodded. Dean wondered how Sam knew that. He wondered if, maybe, Sam was remembering his past life. He’d always had such weird, random knowledge of things. Maybe, subconsciously, he’d always remembered.
“We were all just so happy when we found out Castiel got himself a girlfriend,” Anael went on, and Castiel found himself freezing again.  He wondered how many times a person’s heart could stop momentarily in the span of an hour before they had to be rushed to the hospital and proclaimed legally dead.
,” she answered airily. “But what? You expect me to believe that a ghost is sitting there eating eggs?”
Cas narrowed his eyes.  He stayed quiet for a really long time, seething.  And then, “Get inside.”
, maybe. Whatever it was, it was nice, and it wasn’t something he was used to feeling around other people. Around Cas, Dean was the closest version of himself that he was when he was alone.
Dean sat up a little straighter. Cas pulled his brows together, hope cautiously blooming in his chest. Why hadn’t Benny said anything before? “You know a way of stopping Lucifer?”
He turned instead to the desk, and tried the top left drawer.  Locked. Castiel pulled again, just to make sure it wasn’t sticking.  Something inside it rattled.
Damn it.  Sam tried not to show his disappointment.  He didn’t need this woman to feel any guiltier on his account.  “Okay.  Thank you for your time, ma’am,” he said, knowing there was no way she could help him.  She’d already helped Cas enough.  Sam looked down at the body again and said, “And . . . thank you.  For helping C—Jimmy.”
“Yeah, you’d have to be
“So, uh—not exactly the first date you had in mind, huh?” he said apologetically.
?  Just knock on their door and ask, ‘Hey, we’re trying to bring down the Tyrell Corporation.  Mind if we borrow your books?’”
“I don’t . . . believe you to be a bad person,” was the answer, and maybe Dean would have laughed had anyone else said it.  Dean had chained Cas up, put him in a cage, took him from his home, stuck him in a cold barn, was bringing him to slaughter.  Those suddenly didn’t seem like righteous actions.  “I don’t agree with you, but I do think you’re doing what you believe to be right.”
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but then his eyes flashed again—and Castiel knew what it was that time. He felt it, too. Fear, uncertainty, longing. They were naked in Dean’s eyes.
Before, he hadn’t had time to consider the implications of his plan, but now he did.  He closed his eyes again.  The only thing he saw behind them was orange and red reflecting off the clouds in the night sky.  He’d thought they’d been clouds, anyway, when he was a teenager.  It’d been smoke.
Ellen shrugged, and slid her palm across the wood as if she was checking for dust herself. “Sure. You basically run the place for me, anyway. Might as well make it official.”
“The orphanage.”
"She has copies of her father's ledger," Cas reported.
“Yeah, there’s that,” he said, sliding his hand under Cas’ jaw. Cas tilted into the touch, and the sight caused a slew of memories to hit Dean like a freight train. It was the same image, only with different backgrounds: some in daylight, some by the light of the candle, some bathed in the silver of the moon.
A few people waved hello, and tried to stop him so they could gawk at how “adorable” the children were.  He almost told them that they could have them; but he pushed on until he got to Hannah’s desk. She greeted him with a smile, and said, “Oh, you have the kids.  Sorry, I didn’t know. You’re not . . .” Her eyes flickered to Michael’s closed door next to her desk, and she seemed a little worried. “You’re not going to bring them inside, are you?”
The second match lasted longer, most likely because the men were evenly matched.  They went eight rounds before one was declared the winner.
He pressed his lips into a line.  And then, “Goodnight.”
Castiel stared up at the shadows on Kelly’s ceiling. The couch was slightly too firm for his liking, and it was barely long enough for him to lay down comfortably. He had to kick his legs over the edge. He wasn’t complaining. He was grateful for Kelly’s hospitality—but he did miss sleeping in a bed.
Jo lifted her chin. “Yeah, guess so.”
Dean tore his arm away.  "Sam," he warned.  Whatever it was, Dean had to know.  He wanted to know.
"I didn't know what he meant at the time, but . . ." Sam said, letting himself trail off so Dean could fill in the rest.  "I just wanna make sure this isn't one of those times."
Dean woke up to bright sunlight and a drum line pounding in his skull like it was the fucking Macy's Day Parade.  He had a face full of pillow and was lying on his stomach, which was probably the reason he wanted to puke.  He looked at the clock—11:42 AM—and pushed himself quickly up by the hands, heart stopping as he thought he was late for work.
They’d looked for soul binding spells originally, before Cas died. They’d hoped it would be able to bring him fully to life, but, as far as Dean knew, there wasn’t one applicable to their situation. Soul binding spells joined two people’s life forces, but they both had to be alive first.
Dean stammered, realizing that it must have sounded like he wanted to follow Cas to his apartment.  “No—Not—Not like that,” he tried to backtrack. Cas narrowed his eyes. “I meant, like—You’re right.  About walking being faster.” It was starting to get stifling in the train car. Shit, why was it so hot?
Cas straightened his posture into something militaristic—robotic—by pushing back his shoulders and folding his hands behind his back.  His eyes stayed fixed on Dean, whose neck was already burning with a shamed blush, as he approached the car.
But there was another reason, too: Michael. They didn’t even know where he was, much less what to do if they found him. He’d gone strangely silent in recent weeks, which set them all on edge. But it also gave them time to figure out “a game plan,” as Dean called it. If there were an answer on how to find and kill an archangel without another to wield the blade, it could be somewhere inside this house.
“Hey, Castiel, I’ll take care of these guys if they finish up quickly,” Nora said. “Can you head into the inventory closet and get a box of Marlboros? We’re running low.”
He scanned the back of the manor, eyes trailing over the west wing, then eventually finding the east, across the large tree that stood a few feet from the house.
Again, she didn’t answer, she just studied him for a long time, and asked, “Those narcotics you had in your front seat.  Where’d you get them?”
“I get it, Cas, okay?” Dean was saying. “You’re scared. But this – it isn’t the answer. You get that, right? You don’t belong here. Neither does Jack. You belong with your family.” He reached up with one hand to cradle Cas’s jaw. Cas’s breath caught in his throat. “Cas. Sweetheart… Come home. I’m begging, okay? It’s not too late. We can go get Jack and leave together.”
He just wanted to find his way back to Cas. And he wanted Cas to stay with him—to not be buried by the past, but to fit into Dean’s life now. To feel like he belonged there. With Dean. With his family.
“Got a telegram from an old friend,” Meg said, “telling me to watch out for three men arriving by stage.  All we had to do was keep an eye on the stage houses.  Wasn’t too hard, really.”  She leveled her pistol, her smile dropping.  “Now, hand over the baby and I’ll let you live.  See?  I can be considerate, too.”
Wild.
Dean looked at him, trying not to let on the cold fist squeezing his insides.  Surely, Sam hadn’t forgotten that the town was empty.  But maybe Cas was with the townsfolk.  Maybe he and Jack were hiding out somewhere close.
look like a domestic abuser, before seeming to accept it. She opened the door wider, stepping back.
“He’s alive, Sammy,” Dean said, hearing the tremor that ran through his own voice.
“Victor!” Dean shouted, gaining his attention.
Castiel stayed quiet for a second, almost unblinking as he assessed Dean. It kind of felt like he was looking through him, like Dean was transparent. Then, “Hello, Mr. Wesson.”
But, with every mile that brought them closer to Cas' apartment, the more the urge to do just that rose up.  And that was exactly why Dean had to steer Cas towards Meg, because he'd totally lose his nerve if he didn't right here and now.
Cas looked down at her, and then briefly back up at Dean. Dean didn’t want to read too much into it, because there was no way he’d rather go have a drink with him than spend some more time with her. He had the chance to hang out with Cas earlier that night, but he’d guessed he kind of missed that boat.
Castiel swallowed down his temper.  He wasn’t an invalid. He didn’t need to be coddled, much less by the two men he once pulled from the fires of hell.  “Yes. We don’t have time to spare. If there’s a way to take down Michael here, we’ll find it.”
It was at that moment that Dean realized his boots were on the floor at the end of the bed. They were caked in dirt, one standing upright and the other on its side, laces snaking around it haphazardly. Tentatively, Dean stretched his arm out to pull them out of sight, hoping they weren’t too far away from the edge of the bed.
He made for the tent at the back of the camp.  It was a small thing of canvas and rods, barely big enough for the bedroll that was inside.  Dean pulled back the flap and ducked inside, and he felt disappointment curling low in his gut at the sight of Cas still unconscious.  It was silly to think he would have miraculously woken up when Dean had stepped away.
Sam, hands in his pockets, shrugged out the ends of his coat. “Just making sure.”
Dean hoped he was right.  He slid behind the wheel of the car and turned over the engine.  “Guess we’ll find ou—.” Something across the street caught Dean’s eye.  An old, crappy, beat up Taurus made whining sounds as its engine sputtered into life.  It was in a dark patch, away from any streetlamp’s glow, but Dean could still see the mismatched color of the side door.  He could smell the puffs of black smoke coughing out of the tailpipe. The car pulled away from the curb and drove in the opposite direction from where Dean was headed.
Cas blinked at him a few times, the lines of his brows deepening as if the explanation only caused more confusion.  Dean didn’t have time for this. “C’mon, let’s go.”
“But what about my son?” he asked pointedly.
“Go away, Dean,” Cas teased, but he lifted his hand out of his pocket and gripped the lapel of Dean’s jacket. When their lips locked, Dean felt like he was floating. Everything else fell away, doubt and anger. He felt more like himself than he had in days.
Cas had lied to them about Jack, and it got Mom killed. Just when things were getting good. Just when they were all together and a family. And, worse yet, instead of coming to Dean and Sam like he should have, Cas tried to get Chuck’s help—and look where that got them.
Before long, Dean reached down to touch Castiel. It felt like he’d gone to heaven. He pushed himself into Dean’s fist. Air was difficult to find.
This was ridiculous. Castiel forced himself to open the door, perhaps more quickly than he’d intended.
Instead, all he got was another narrow-eyed glower as Cas pushed out the door. Dean huffed, flapping his arms against his sides in exasperation. He followed Cas out into the blast of winter air.
Castiel felt his heart slamming against his ribs, pulsing in his ears, threatening to jump into his throat to stifle his labored breaths.  He listened hard, reaching out with his grace and straining his human ears—anything that would bring the voice back to him.
Cas shuffled a little. He folded his hands between his knees. Dean knew he really didn’t have much hope, either. None of them did. They were just going through the motions, fighting, getting angry—because the alternative was rolling over and dying. “We’ve beaten the odds before,” Cas said wearisomely.
“It called my name.  I followed it.  I . . . I don’t know why.”  He took a steadying breath and let his eyes fall closed.  “It took me to—there was a bonfire in a clearing.”
Dean,” Eileen teased, clapping him on his shoulder. Sam let out a bark of laughter. If Dean weren’t in such a good mood, he would have knocked his lights out.
If Michael was surprised, he didn’t let on.  Maybe Raphael had told him, after all. Maybe he’d been anticipating this. Castiel wondered if Michael would see right through him, if he’d figure out what they had planned.  His heart rate kicked up again, pulsing through his entire body, but he kept his expression carefully stoic. He couldn’t let his nervousness on.
Dean leaned against the counter, hanging his head. He was fucking exhausted.
Her smile grew, and she reached into his lap and slid her hands into his.  They were chilly but soft, “My hero,” she joked.
Unsurely, he asked, “How does it work?”
“I’m here,” Cas told him, one palm cradling the back on Dean’s head.  His touch was as cold as a corpse.  Dean felt icy water drip down his spine.  He shivered and nuzzled in closer to Cas’ chest, craving the warmth there.  All he found was more bitterness, but he didn’t care.  He could pretend.
But Henriksen wasn’t buying it.  “Right, and I’m just supposed to believe the baby was fathered by the outlaw Nicholas Pike and you two are just trying to protect it?”
Cas sighed heavily and slumped even further.  “This is all my fault.”
“The raising of Samhain,” Cas said. “Of course, I remember.”
“You ready?” Dean asked, giving Cas one last out if he needed it—even though it’d suck.  At the same time, he braced himself.
“Adults drink,” Dean shot at his retreating back.
Cas looked on with perplexity. “Are you psychics, too?”
Night had fallen by the time they reached the outskirts of Kansas City, where the homes and farms were nestled closer together before giving way to industry.  The city was glowing with scattered orange in the distance.  The steamboats were black monoliths where the Missouri River branched off into the smaller Kansas.  The stars were a blanket overhead, meeting the tall grass of the plains at the horizon.
“Cas!” Dean called. His heart was slamming against his chest. It tried to dislodge from his body and go after Cas. But his feet were glued to the floor.
wished he were more sober.
Dean erupted.  “Well, you can’t have both!”
“Dean.”  It was said with comfort, but with fierceness, too.  Dean had never met anyone able to turn his name into something like that.  “I’m sorry.”
“Jack, there’s a hole in the bottom,” Cas pointed out from his place next to Dean, and Dean’s expression blanked with annoyance as Jack turned over the pumpkin with his brows knitted together in concentration.
Dean rolled his eyes.  He knew what Cas was doing.  “Dude. It’s not like I wrote it or anything.”
He told himself not to.
He nodded, bringing his gaze back up.  "What's the plan?"
Dean blinked up at him, and he really needed to start reacting more quickly to what Cas was saying—meaning, he had to stop getting distracted by Cas’ lips.  “Yeah,” he said, trying to recover. He ignored the way the twins were looking between them, like they knew something was going on. He stood up and turned towards the rows of desks behind him.  “Yo, listen up!” he yelled, voice booming. All the account managers instantly glanced at him. “Everybody gather round! Time to meet the new boss!”
Jack said something that made the three adults laugh loudly.  An excited smile cracked his cheeks, the blue of his eyes alight, the sun lighting up the tips of his hair in a fiery halo.
That was his answer, and the moment of age-old uncertainty ended. Everything else drained away like water through a sieve.
models showing off an all-expenses paid vacation. “Yeah, open ‘em up!”
But, then again, Dean had never been in love before, so what did he know?
Dean looked around his immediate area, seeing what he had at his disposal.  There was a table lamp with a ceramic base, brightly colored cartoon fish painted on it.  It wouldn’t do much, but it was something. He picked it up, and ripped the cord out from the wall socket.  Cas glanced at him, and Dean shrugged. It was better than nothing. The only problem was, there wasn’t anything else in the room for Cas to use as a weapon.  They’d have to get upstairs and move quickly.
“No, not—For vets,” Dean clarified.
Dean shrugged as he munched on a fry.  It was one of those thick ones that were crazy salty.  “Crowley? Guy’s a dick.”
Castiel nodded and gestured with his palm, because that settled it.
Before the gravity of the situation fully set in, Lucifer’s hands slipped away.  He went back to the table and scooped the baby up.  Jack fussed and kicked in his hold.  Cradling the child, Lucifer brought him over to Ruby, offering him to her.
He was reluctant to let anyone else hold Jack, especially after the previous night, but he trusted Tasha and her children.  Besides, if they were planning on kidnapping the baby, he supposed there weren’t many places they could run.  There was nothing but grassland for miles.
He made himself nod.  “Yeah, okay,” he said, voice rough, and he realized that answer didn’t make sense.  He unfisted his hand, which was a little hard to do under the strain, and put the penny back on the desk.  He said, “Thanks,” and that seemed like a better answer.
Dean ducked his head, fighting back the bubbly feeling causing a pressure in his chest. “Okay, sure,” he muttered. He stood up, eager to change the subject to something less awkward. “Anyway. You and Charlie looked like you hit it off today.” He plopped down on the bed next to Cas, propping himself up on his side.
“Remember what you’re doing. It’s safer for everyone if you leave,” he cautioned, eyes straying pointedly to Castiel. It was a curious thing. Castiel had no idea what he’d meant by that. He glanced quickly at Dean, wondering if Zachariah had threatened him.
He realized the chickens weren’t clucking like they had been all night.
“Sorry, you’re not my type,” she said, but then looked him up and down accessingly.  “But—if I
And Dean knew she meant it. But how could he just give up? There had to be a way. He considered stealing the Book of the Damned, but then he wouldn’t have a witch to perform the ritual. She was his only hope.
Dean didn’t know what to do with his hands.  There was a total disconnect from his brain and his body.  All systems offline. One hand ended up fisting the knot of Cas’ tie, and the other landed on his thigh, trying to align their bodies so Dean could rub against his dick with his knee.  He was trying to wrap his own legs around Cas’ hips, too, because he needed some kind of friction, even if that meant humping his leg like a damn dog. His eyes rolled back, and when they corrected, they flickered to the office door behind Cas.  Still closed. The party was still in full swing upstairs.
“Oh, yeah.  You’re stuck with us.”
He shook it away, refusing to acknowledge it.
“Anywhere!” Dean told him, frustration mounting.  “You’re making my skin crawl.”
“But he wasn’t brought all the way back? He had to fall in love first?”
He jack-knifed off the bed, feeling woozy for it. Sam froze, head snapping toward him.
Cas' cell went off in his pocket.  The noise startled them both, and Dean jerked backwards and rattled his head, cursing himself for being such an idiot.
“Well, that’s good, Dean.  I’m happy for you.”
Not bothering to turn on the light even though nighttime had fallen fully outside the window, Dean went to the coffee maker first, and filled up the pot with some water to make a brew. Cas didn’t exactly get physically tired, which was a fact that had made Dean’s mind run away with him on more than one occasion, and he rarely drank coffee, but Dean figured he’d bring him a cup just in case.
“Hey,” she said, glancing up.
Dean felt a headache coming on. His face felt too hot, like all the blood was rushing there. “Then where the hell are my ashes?”
Why had he seen Dean that way, broken and on the verge of death? Was it a threat, a warning? Had whatever was in the house moved away from Castiel and set it’s sights on Dean? No. No, Castiel wouldn’t let it have him. He would keep him safe, keep him whole. He wouldn’t let Dean out of his sight.
“Yeah, I was thinking we hold off on that for a while,” he said cagily.
At the same time, Rowena pointed a stern finger at the ceiling, glared, and yelled, “Don’t you dare, you bloody slag,” as if scolding it would prevent the building from collapsing.  However, it seemed to work, because the wood settled.
“Yeah, I do,” Sam told him.  “And we will.  But, first we need to get Jack to safety.
Castiel nodded, pressing his lips together in thought. He hoped he was wrong, but if two angels escaped from the Empty, who’s to say more hadn’t? “Search the individual heavens still left. Find the other rogue angels.” Warily, he glanced around, back at Duma’s cell. “Take a squadron with you—only the ones you trust. Other than that, keep this between us for now. We don’t know who could have infiltrated our ranks.”
"I was wrong!"
7 AM.
Sam Winchester was hovering in front of one of the tan wooden chairs.  His jacket was a little too big around his body, and he was giving Castiel a closed-mouth, disarming smile.  His backpack was slung over one shoulder and there was a textbook tucked to his chest.  "Hey.  I thought that was you."
“Eileen,” Sam said, placing his hand on her shoulder to make her look back at him.  He could feel dread clogging up his throat.  “Why had the Klines been in the newspaper?”
Cas was still alive.
No response.
In some way, at least, he and Dean would be together.
He hadn’t meant to do it. He’d gone to Heaven to ask for Naomi’s help. They needed help taking on Chuck. They needed help stopping him. But she refused. All of them refused. Castiel had meant to reason with them, to tell them Chuck would end everything—not just Heaven. What did it matter if it collapsed when the rest of creation was burning? He’d meant to lead them into battle.
Dean crossed to the driver’s side and slid inside. The ruckus Castiel made must have woken him up. He closed the door behind him to combat the cold.
“I see,” she said, nodding sagely. “Neither have I.” He certainly hadn’t been expecting that. “I suppose it’s nerves, and… excitement. For the wedding.”
“Better than what?” he challenged, tone clipped despite his best efforts.
That wasn't exactly the word Dean would have used.
That was nearly all the way back to Lawrence.  They’d been on the trail for close to a week for nothing.  Castiel withered, but there was no use in cursing the situation, no matter how unjust.
, just like everything else in Castiel’s life. He sighed thoughtfully. “I don’t know.” He knew he’d thought about it, but he couldn’t recall a single place he wanted to visit suddenly. Nowhere seemed as important as where he was currently. “Abroad? Or west.” He was no expert, not like Dean. He didn’t know what he’d like. “You’ve traveled the country. What would you recommend?”
They leaned in at the same time, deepening the kiss.  Dean’s free hand, the one not entwined with Cas’, came up to cup Cas’ jaw.  He felt Cas’ hand latch onto his arm. They kept kissing, slow and tender and languid, like water trickling down a mountain.  Cas’ nose brushed his again when he changed the angle of his head, and Dean tilted his own head in the opposite direction. He felt Cas’ tongue against the seam of his lips, and he breathed in as he parted them.
“First time I had it was at the manor,” Dean admitted, not really knowing why he said it. “The night you came back.”
"Oh, fine.  Have it your way, princess," Alastair said.  "I'll be sure to leave the Novak boy alive."  As he stepped even closer, a smile slithered onto his face, and the dull light caught on his yellowed teeth.  "He may wish he was dead though."
He was free.  It was everything he’d ever wanted.  Sure, the anxiety of not being able to pay rent was a little daunting, but he could just pick up a bartending job or something until his car was finished.  Two weeks was plenty of time to figure out those details. Really, he should thank Cas for essentially firing him. Dean had a brand-new goddamn lease on fucking life!
—Where the hell are you?”
“That’s right. And a daughter, but she and her husband live in Philadelphia. She visits on occasion.”
, but Cas wasn’t hindered, “is still a terrible idea.  It’s stupid and irresponsible, not to mention unprofessional, and it could likely start a scandal for the company if we’re found out.  At the very least, I could have a harassment suit filed against me, potentially ending my career.  You’d likely be fired, as well.”
After living in his old apartment for so many years, he thought he would be sad to leave it. It was a little bittersweet, admittedly, but that was just because he’d gotten accustomed to the place. It never felt like home, really, and it certainly never felt like his own. It was Michael’s, and it was a temporary place he was living in while in school, bound to give it up eventually.
“If I do,” he began, a weight on his chest, water in throat, “I’ll see Cas?  He’ll come back?  We . . . Me and him . . . we’ll be together?”
Cas stopped moving at once.  The draped shadows over his back spread out, stretching and unfurling into wings.
Castiel sat up straighter. He hadn’t been expecting such a reaction—one of authority, finality. Perhaps that was his mistake.
He jerked around, finger on the trigger—and there was nothing but thin air.
“Can we take a break now, please? We’ve been at it all morning.” He went over and plopped down on the bed at the other end of the room, even though the mattress was bare and Castiel had no idea what box his duvet was in.
“Hey, Mom,” he said when he reached her and leaned down to peck her cheek.  “I like the hair.”
Cas reached toward him and plucked the cigarette from between Dean’s lips. Dean blinked, suddenly slammed back down to earth. While Cas took a drag, Dean looked back down at his lap, not knowing whether or not to curse himself.
“Who cares?  Think of this as a promotion.  You could be in charge of the drugs, the poker games, anything else your stubby little fingers are in, I dunno.  You got the job, not her.” Dean took another sip to stave off his agitation. Still tasted like glass. He frowned down at the drink, and realized Crowley had been silent for too long.
Dean’s throat rippled as he swallowed. He said, “I just need you.”
Castiel nodded.  "Of course.  I'll, um—pay a visit to the community outreach team to talk about the fair.  Oh, Anael.” He stood up, and fished his car keys out of his coat pocket to offer them to her. She walked in fully, holding her hand out to accept them as he said, “If your car is damaged, take mine.  I may be here for a while. I’ll call a taxi to take me home.”
Dean scoffed out an incredulous laugh. “No one?” he echoed dubiously. “It’s gotta be written by somebody.” There was a grin on his face. Castiel brought his eyes up, and he wasn’t certain what was written on his features, but it caused Dean’s smile to fade gradually. As though he was able to read Castiel like a book, he gave a choked sound and asked, “Hang on. Did you
Sam held out his palms as if surrendering. “Cas, I get it. And I’m not trying to get in the middle of this. Really, I’m not. Because – don’t tell Dean this – but I really do get why you left. And, honestly? If it were me, I’d probably make the same call.”
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean.
Or maybe not
He didn’t know if he could ever feel that way towards Meg, and he didn’t know why. He considered the possibility that he was gay, but he hadn’t ever experienced such desire for any other man, either. It was just Dean. And he felt it all the time, especially when they were together. Even in the moments he wasn’t actively thinking of being with Dean, it was constantly in the back of his mind.
“Yes, but I still have to learn it.”
"Dean," Sam said again, shuffling his stance a little.  "What happened to you?  You disappeared and no one could find you the whole night."
Dean was on fire.  He needed to make it stop.
Meg cocked her eyebrow, and flashed Castiel a look that made him want to evaporate into thin air.  She recovered quickly enough, however, and he would never know how to repay her for saying, “Yeah, I bet you’re real proud.  They grow up so quick, don’t they?”
Biting back his doubt, he gestured with his hand, telling Sam to go ahead.
Dean, Sam, and Sonny, lantern in hand, were in the center aisle between the pews.  The four outlaws Meg had brought with her were dead on the floor.
She was right, he realized.  He was grateful for her.
“You did, but it wasn’t the whole truth,” Lucifer cut him off.  He leaned away and walked back to the head of the table but didn’t sit down.  “I think you’re here because you knew I was right.  You don’t belong in some . . . simple cow town, living under someone else’s roof.  Not like the Winchesters.  No.”  He pressed his palms together and pointed at Castiel.  “I think something I said in your camp that night struck a chord.”
They both left the table, and Castiel was glad to see them go.  The tension was cut nearly in half the moment they were out of sight.  The rest of the brunch was spent talking about various things, but Castiel barely participated.  His thoughts were otherwise occupied, mostly with Dean.
And then Dean looked at him, eyes glassy, and said, “Because every damn Halloween, I have to lose you all over again.”
He realized that Cas probably didn’t want to know any of what was going on; and, if he already did, Dean didn’t want to know.
Castiel powered through.  “It’s what she wanted.  She believed it was what’s best for Jack.  I promised her I’d—”
For a moment, Castiel stood still, staring him down.  There were a few ways he could answer. The truth wasn’t one of them.  He decided on, “I was going to take it to Michael. He has to know what you’ve done.”
It seemed like the witch hadn’t expected that.  His eyes went wide, brows popped, voice scandalized as he asked, “You’re not going to
“I’ll take you through a guided meditation to help you free your mind and state your intention. We do it right, you’ll be able to ask the Records whatever you wanna know about your past life.”
But perhaps there was another way he could help Sam.  "Where are you applying?"
“And?”
They worked in silence for a little while longer, Castiel taking the insides of his trunk out and piling them carelessly onto the floor. He couldn’t help but notice that Dean was being somewhat ginger, which was unlike him. Regardless, there was nothing but more clothes inside the first trunk, so Castiel moved to the next.
And Castiel was cold. It surrounded him, permeating him from the outside in. He could feel those icy fingers again. They reached for him, touched his neck, a physical thing.
He honked his horn twice in a salutation as his car whooshed out of the parking lot.  Raphael trailed him, the Mercedes bouncing slightly off the flattened curb as it turned onto the street.
He was drenched in blackness. The cold was wrapping around his ankles like liquid, circling its way up his legs, twisting around his torso and arms. It climbed up his throat to choke him. It’d grab hold. It’d yank him under until he drowned—and then there would really be nothing. He’d come back to consciousness in time—a minute, an hour, a month, a year. Or maybe he wouldn’t. Maybe, this time, he wouldn’t come back.
Castiel looked down, searching the floor as if the answer to his question was written on the scuffed wood.  He didn’t ask whom Uriel had been checking in with, because he thought he already knew.
He looked back at Dean. “You.”
Sam was in the hallway, his back against the wall.  He was looking down at his boots.  His hands were flat on the wood, like he was searching for something to hold on to.  Dean remembered when Sam was little—when he was scolded for getting into a fight at the schoolhouse, or when he mouthed off to Dad and got his ass whooped, or when Jessica Moore moved away with her parents to Oregon when they were eight.
Behind him, the door to the church whined open.  It must have been one of the Winchesters getting into position so they could prepare for the outlaws’ approach.  Most likely Dean.  However, the footsteps that reached Castiel’s ears didn’t belong to Dean.  The gait was off.
Dean’s eyes fluttered as he got lost in the feeling of Cas moving against him.  “Fuck, Cas—just like that.” If he hadn’t been wedged between Cas and the wall, Dean thought he might just collapse with how good it felt.  Eyes still closed, he felt Cas’ lips on his adam’s apple, sucking on the bulge of it as it bobbed under Dean’s every breath. His stubble scratched at Dean’s throat in the best way.  Dean’s hands tightened on Cas’ skin, sinking his fingers in to encourage him to keep it up.
“I don’t want to hurt anyone else, Dean. I don’t want to hurt Sam—or you.”
Currently, he was holding up a photograph of a severe-looking woman who was named Adina, if Castiel remembered correctly. Where Chuck had acquired all these photographs, he had no idea. And he assumed this was highly irregular. But he’d learned not to ask questions.
Quickly, Edgar let go of him and leaned back.  Dean’s body jerked a little before he caught himself and stood up straighter.  He pulled at the bottom of his vest to right it.  Edgar turned and stomped out of the room, beating back the curtain as he went.  The other tables went back to their games.
fix right now.
Despite himself, he felt a smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. “Can that… Can we do that? We’re both—”
When Cas took his fingers out of Dean’s mouth, a strand of salvia following them out, he formed a loose fist in front of Dean’s mouth.  Dean kissed his knuckles, the back of his hand, those stupid-long fingers. His mouth was watering.
“Goodnight,” Castiel told him gently. He looked at Kelly and again said, “Goodnight.”
Cas looked at him steadily, or as steadily as he could with drooping eyes. “I made him believe I was searching for evidence but I knew he’d find me.”
“Hi,” Castiel said dreamily, pressing his fingertips to the crow’s feet. He thought his heart might burst with love for this man.
Dean tensed his hands into fists, suppressing the urge to run after him, and trying to beat back the hope that Cas would reemerge from the trees and come back to him. Neither of those things could happen. Not yet. He told himself he’d see Cas again.
And then, “Dean.”
“Yeah, you’re welcome.”
Dean had known about the upcoming party for a few days. Zachariah had told the entire household staff to get ready for it. It’d hit Dean like a slap to the face, because Chuck hadn’t organized a matchmaking event in months. But he’d probably gotten sick of Cas’ indecisiveness to choose a wife and went back to Plan A of doing it himself. Dean could only imagine how Cas was feeling about all of it. Maybe they’d both gotten too used to the lull in activity. It was always bound to start up again.
"Reading anything good?" he asked as he fished his supplies out of his bag.
Castiel sighed.  He wasn’t going to have this conversation feet apart with Dean not looking at him.  In fact, part of him wanted to give up right then and there so he could again try for sleep.  But he was too wired for that, more so when he considered enduring another day of Dean’s cold shoulder.  It was beginning to make Castiel feel guilty, though he wasn’t sure what for.
Sam didn’t pay any mind to the eyes on them as he followed Dean out.  “You won’t be able to stop me, Dean.  I’m getting Jack to Waco,” he said, trying to cut Dean off.  Dean opened the door and stepped outside.  “So, if you don’t want me to go alone, you’re gonna have to—”
His eyes were fixed on Dean now, and Dean couldn’t look away.  He must have looked like a deer in the headlights.
written all over him. All of it for Castiel.
Dean swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing against Castiel’s nose.  His beard scratched Castiel’s forehead.  “If you think you can spare some of the jelly,” he answered, voice light.
Castiel shook his head, not understanding. “Work? Yes. I’d like to do more than sit around all day.”
“Ya know,” he said as he fixed the blankets to cover their chests, “I think we still got it, Cas.”
The rest of his life, however, was not.
When Dean let his touch fall away, it dragged down Castiel's arm.  He said, "Go into the cabinet and get another pan, would ya?"
“Hey,” Sam greeted. “You ready for the first day?”
Dean stared ahead at the picture, pursing his lips a little in thought.  He really didn’t want things to be awkward with Cas after they kissed, but they kind of already were.  He leaned back on the couch, and tried to focus on the movie.
Dean crouched down and checked Reidy’s pulse.  He was dead, but the body was still warm.  That meant the killer was still alive.  Dean bet he knew who it was, too.
He had the same dream three days in a row.  A grave. A shovel. Earth. Someone shouting,
“Like hell,” Dean shouted. It went ignored.
That's it.  He had to do it.  He resolved to tell Cas the next time he saw him.  It'd be easy.  They were just words, right?
Dean rolled his eyes. “Alright, smartass. You haven’t changed a bit, you know that?” It was actually kind of nice. The longer he talked to her, the more he saw it. She was older, yeah, but she was still Claire.
Dean didn’t let him finished. “Screw,
Cas hummed, and kissed him again.  And they stayed that way for a long time.
Dean returned to house and found the cloth-wrapped bread on the table.  He took off the cloth, folding it into a strip.  He brought it with him when he went back to the shed.
Dean never had any illusions about that.
Or maybe he was. Even if he’d resolved to stay away, he knew he couldn’t.
Cas looked like he wanted to argue but figured it wasn’t worth it. He waved Dean off, and closed his book. Dean counted that as a victory.
Castiel turned to close the door as softly as possible.  Without meaning to, his eyes found the bed.  Dean was still asleep on his back.  His head was angled to the side, toward where Castiel had lain next to him.  The sight of him made something in Castiel’s chest clench to the point of suffocation.  He worked his throat like that might help.  Like he could be allowed to breathe again.
Dean let out a heavy breath.  It was the first time he recalled breathing in hours.  “Yeah, all right,” he said.
He gnashed his teeth, and shook his head.  And he had no idea why he felt so fucking terrified.  “Wow, I had no idea I was such a catch,” he said sarcastically.
him.”
John cleared his throat, a little more serious now.  He said, “Now, don’t get me wrong—I’m gonna need some time to get used to the idea.  I don’t
Sam chuckled, turning to follow him. “I got him.”
He closed the door behind them and drew the curtains. He let Dean lead him to bed.
.’  I wish I could bottle that.”
It was just Dean’s luck that, the moment he’d decided to write Cas off, he got shoved into a five-by-eight feet cell with him.  He really didn’t know why he hadn’t been put in with Sam.  He’d asked for it and ignored Cas’ scowl in the process, but the deputy seemed to take some sick pleasure in causing Dean misery.
Castiel found himself smiling at the warmth and happiness in Dean’s tone.  “It sounds like quite the experience.”
Castiel was at the front of the crowd suddenly, directly to Dean’s left, before he realized this was a terrible idea.  The hairs stood up on the back of his neck, convincing him that Michael had hired someone to follow him, to make sure Castiel didn’t attempt to fraternize with the Winchesters.  It was probably a paranoid thought, but it was better to be safe than sorry.
“You said your mother… wouldn’t let the
Dean's voice cut in and out like a badly tuned radio, but to hear it at all sounded like music.
"Yeah, why do you think I did it, sport?" Lucifer exclaimed, gesturing out his hands on top of the table as if he were opening up a world of knowledge.  "To tear it all down!  Expose Pop for the fraud he really is!"
Sam leaned in and said, “He has that sandwich down to an artform.”
He didn’t want Cas to think Dean was second-guessing their relationship, or that Dean wasn’t thrilled they’d found each other. His mind kept circling back to what Cas had said a few days ago, about Dean leaving him. Dean wasn’t even sure how to address that, so he kept avoiding all thoughts of it, which was almost impossible. All he could really do was try to prove to Cas that he was wrong, that of course Dean wanted him.
They all knew that bringing Jack home, raising him—it would change everything.  But everything already had changed, and maybe for the better.  They could be a family.
More seriously, Dean said, voice noncommittal. “It’s a theory.”
“Apologies.”
?” His voice was desperate and he didn’t care.
“All right, kid, it’s time for bed,” Dean said, his voice taking on a softer, quieter tone.  When Jack responded with more low, grunting cries, he stuck his finger into his glass and then inside Jack’s mouth.  The baby stopped crying.  Castiel couldn’t actually believe that had worked.
"So?"
Nodding, Raphael hummed.  He came level with Castiel on the other side of the desk.  “If you found this alleged proof, what was your plan for it?”
It had been exactly one week, one day, eight hours, and twenty-four minutes since Dean had left on his trip.  One week, one day, eight hours, and twenty-four minutes since they’d kissed.
The day only went downhill from there. She seemed to hate absolutely everything about the mortal world – from the house Cas and Jack had recently purchased, to the spare bedroom he ensured was hers should she ever want it, to the Halloween lawn decorations around the neighborhood that she said was “making fun of Saint’s Hallow.” He tried to tell her that the mortals didn’t even know Saint’s Hallow existed, but that only seemed to darken the storm clouds that had been hovering over her head.
Dean knew that as he inspected the body, eyed the interior as if he was looking under a microscope, and dug in under the hood.  She was done.
Cas sighed, but nodded.  He maintained, "She'll help, Dean."
He put the car back into drive and stepped on the gas, headed for the main road.
Yeah. Nothing was ever easy.
There was a pause, and then, “Sure.  Hey, you okay? You sound—.”
Dean inspected the dirt under his fingernails before slumping after him.
“I… I would welcome it whenever you’re inclined.”
Cas took the food over to the couch.  "Would you like to watch a movie?"
Dean let out a heavy breath—because, really, how many people did Sam want him to throw into the middle of this shitshow? “I dunno, Sam! Maybe!” He muttered into his coffee mug, “Gotta figure out how to tell her first.”
Dean scoffed, turning away in an attempt to collect himself. “Yeah, last time we
She didn’t seem all that convinced.  “Well,” she mused, “if I hadn’t, I would have never met you.”  She bit her lip in consideration.  “Maybe that’s one good thing to come out of this whole mess.”  Her voice went up at the end, like she was asking him.
The fluorescent lights in the hallway glared against the white walls, and Dean could hear their faint humming like a swarm of bees surrounding him. He rattled his head, trying to power through. He paced forward, one foot placed slowly in front of the other, and listened out for footsteps.
He moved out of the bathroom and walked towards the living room, where he’d left his backpack.  Benny was in the kitchen frying up a couple eggs, and Dean had to ignore the way his stomach growled with the need to be filled.  If he had any luck, one of the executives would have a breakfast meeting at work that day and he could steal a bagel.
Sam dropped his shoulders and thinned his lips in thought. Eventually, he said, “You already are. I mean… He’s freaking out, sure, but, Cas—” His laugh was more genuine that time. “I’ve never seen him this happy.”
Dowling sighed and leaned back in his chair. He lifted his hand from the table and waved, as if telling them to go ahead. He didn’t look like a man with much hope that they could help him.
He had no idea how long they stayed like that, making out on the dance floor as people jostled around them.  Vaguely, Castiel realized the song had changed, but he wasn’t sure how many had played in that time span. It could have two, or it could have been ten.  The only things he felt were Dean’s body moving against his, the feel of Dean’s hands and mouth on him, the way Dean’s breath skirted across his cheeks when they broke apart for air, and all the blood in his body rushing downwards.
“I know what I saw, Dean!”
Dean gasped into his mouth and bucked his hips—and, yes, this was more like it.
The rain was coming down in sheets now.  Streams of it slid down the sloped road, escaping the storm drains as they ran towards the rushing river along the harbor.  Traffic had worsened, too—and so much for a cab being faster than the subway. Cars were jammed in the intersection on all sides, headlights on and windshield wipers swiping hurriedly back and forth.  The pile up went all the way down the street, where Dean could see the looming shadows of the charter buses, nearly invisible in the gloom. The only things that stood out were the orange lights of the destination signs atop them.
Castiel rubbed at the heated skin on the back of his neck, and he realized it was a habit he’d picked up from Dean. “Well,” he said, trying and failing to sound natural. “I was hoping—if you’re not opposed—that we might…” This was humiliating. He forced himself to look at Dean, and that only made it worse because Dean was staring at him like he’d lost his mind. “Be intimate.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean ran until he broke through the tree line.  The rye fields swayed in the breeze.  The house stood silently beyond.  The pond was glistening in the moonbeams.
“Cas?”
“Cas,” he said, his breath puffing out of him in the frigid air. He had to stop to gulp down his emotion, hearing it go down hard. His temples were already pounding with pressure, his eyes stinging with unshed tears. His heart ticked the seconds away.
“And I understand you placed the call to police that night?” Sam asked, shifting gears. It was definitely weird. Most murders didn’t call the cops on themselves, but it could have also been a double bluff.
He looked around the garden—the wrinkled, abandoned blanket on the grass with the discarded whiskey bottles, the bench, the flowerbeds, the meticulously placed outcropping of stone. So much devotion had gone into building this place, it made Castiel’s heart swell. No matter what Dean did, he always did it with love. To have even a fraction of that directed at Castiel—to allow Castiel to bask in even the refractory light of Dean’s glow—was a blessing.
Swiftly, he turned around and practically threw himself to the lamp on the bedside table, nearly knocking it over in the process of turning it on.
Castiel’s grace was humming under his skin, filling his vessel’s ears. Its light pooled out into his eyes.
But Charlie always had to get the last word.  "Fine," she said, starting to dry again, "but you'll thank me at your wedding."
“I was there. Me and my brother.”
Though, try as he might, he still felt like he didn’t belong.  He wanted to. He hoped, in time, he would come to enjoy the work at Evangelist.  And that he would settle in as Michael’s right hand. He hoped, eventually, the pull in his chest tugging him towards wherever Dean Winchester was would be severed cleanly.  That he would forget there was ever a time that he ever belonged with Dean.
Jo let out a sound of protest.  "But I wanna watch Dean get busted by the cops again."  Dean really did roll his eyes that time.  She alone could get him raided if she stayed there past opening.  She was only sixteen.
He closed his eyes to it, feeling the steady beat of Dean’s heart on his spine and the rise and fall of the breath in his belly.  It sent him swiftly, comfortably, warmly to the brink of sleep.
Cas chewed thoughtfully for a second, swallowed, and said, “I hope so.”
. He was there. Dean could weep.
” he asked in Enochian as soon as he went into the dungeon, no prelude necessary.  He didn’t expect an answer, and he didn’t get one besides a glare.  Still, the recalcitrance caused his frustration to mount. He tightened his fist around his blade, barely feeling the metal, barely hearing the way it sang to him.
"No, that you like him?"
Dean blinked, meeting Cas’ eyes. Suddenly, he remembered that kitchen. He remembered the floor quaking and the shining, humming grace of an archangel filling his senses.
“I didn’t mean to offend you. I’ve always been a proponent of education for women,” Cas said after a while, and he probably thought he was helping.
“Deal.” Dean kissed him again, just a quick peck, and Cas accepted it easily. He stood up and busied himself collecting his plate and mug while Cas slipped back into his coat.
John's brows shot up as he looked at Dean accusingly.
be true.
“He’s a witch,” Dean told him matter-of-factly.
Dean held his six-shooter up.  “Sammy, take Cas and the kid around to the other side of the barn and head for the trees.  I’ll cover you.”
He left the graves behind, trekking further into the trees. The land back there was untouched, just wild brush and decaying fallen trunks. He had to duck low, avoiding the branches while he followed the animal paths that cut between the trees. At one point, he spotted places where the bark was scratched red from the young bucks rubbing the velvet from their antlers.
Dean looked hurt, and he didn’t believe it.  But he licked his lips and accepted it with a nod.  He stood up, tucking his laptop under his arm. “All right.  Night, Cas.”
He pushed a smile, but it probably looked like a grimace.  He wanted to imagine a future when that was possible, but let’s face it.  He’d never be over Cas.
He let Jack go, hardly able to look him in the eye. But he could feel everyone’s eyes on them, so he clapped Jack on the shoulder and forced a smile like everything was fine.
Castiel looked at him quickly. “This was unavoidable, Sam,” he said, just to be clear. This wasn’t Sam’s fault. It wasn’t his doing. He addressed both of them: “It was my choice to take on the Mark. It was my choice to bear to consequences.”
Oblivious to the interaction, Dean said, “Then, let’s get it done.”  He patted Chevy’s nose before walking around her.  Sam turned his head to watch him before following.  Dean’s shoulders were held tighter than his cheery demeanor suggested, and just because he wasn’t paying attention to every expression of consolation shot Cas’ way didn’t mean he wasn’t paying attention at all.  The entire morning, Sam watched Dean stare at Cas when he thought no one was looking.  He saw the way Dean’s fingers tightened into fists when he wanted to reach out, saw the way Dean held Cas’ name between his teeth every time he wanted to say a kind word.
Laudanum might do the trick.  The main ingredient was the same, only stronger.  He’d give Jack a low dose.
“Okay! Okay. Uncle,” Dean called out when Castiel repeated the movement.
“Cas?” Dean asked, just loud enough to make his voice echo through the house.  He paused, listening out for a distant, muffled response. Nothing. He licked his lips.  “You good?”
Dean erupted.  “Rules are simple, Cas!  Don’t say shit like
Not until his eyes moved up Cas’ body.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sam take a step forward, and then stop abruptly.  He squared his shoulders and glowered at the angel. Jack remained still, his eyes flashing from one person to the other.
Dean didn’t answer.  He continued to contemplate how to get the whiskey out.  Every drop mattered. He pretended he wasn’t listening, but really he’d heard every word she said.  He’d heard it when Sam gave him the same speech every night for the last couple of weeks, too. He knew they were right, logically.  He just really didn’t care.
She laughed. “I think that’s pretty obvious, don’t you?” She swiveled to the side and went into the top drawer, tucking a strand of wavy hair behind her ear as she did so. “I found this, too.” She pulled out a leather bound book, opened it, and offered it to Castiel.
Unless, Dean suddenly considered, Cas already knew what was going on. He didn’t want to believe that.
“Great.” Dean withdrew again, letting the moment drip off of him. “Now, what d’you say we see what’s for dinner, huh?”
He and Dean stared each other down, Castiel intent on not blinking first.
“It’s a chimney,” he heard himself say.  He blinked, trying to convince himself it was real.  “How far would you say that is?  Five miles?”
She shook out of his hold.  “Plans change.”
“Oh, you mean right
“Okay,” Cas said behind him, voice soft. And then, quickly after, “Dean—.”
Dean appeared shocked for a moment at the outburst, and Castiel regretted it instantly. None of this was Dean’s fault, but he wasn’t providing any answers, either.
He tried to dismiss it by burying his fork into another heaping. “Yeah, whatever.” But he couldn’t stop his eyes from flickering back up to catch another glimpse of Cas’ smile.
Castiel heaved in bouts of air. He clasped his hand over his heart, hoping to steady the way it raged against his chest as though making up for lost beats.
The familiar sounds of Sam’s light snoring began after a while.  He assumed Charlie was asleep, too.  Cas wasn’t.  He was still next to Dean, but he kept sighing through his nose at varying intervals of time.  It was unsurprising.  Dean was usually asleep long before Cas slipped under, too.
He had to go.  Now.
Only after he knew he’d gotten himself under control did he blink back into the light. He spread his palm against the tombstone, and found it as cold as Cas’ hands. He didn’t know why he’d come.
Two people were yelling, one of them sounding really drunk.  Sounding like . . . Shit. Dean knew that voice. Dean knew that voice anywhere.  He’d heard it in the dark plenty of times.
“Someone’s out there,” John reported, his voice low and laced with warning.
He’d never said that aloud before.
The back of Dean’s neck heated up even more, and he felt a mosquito sink its teeth into the flesh there. He swatted it with his hand, and rubbed at it a little timidly but hoped he played it off well. About a hundred different scenarios flooded his imagination on how they could tire each other out, but he was still getting used to knowing he could have that.
Cas’ eyes flickered between Dean and Dead Girl. Then, carefully, he walked closer to the body until he was standing right over it. His blade was gripped tightly in his fist, and Dean cocked his gun again just in case she tried anything. Quickly, Cas swept down and grabbed the girl’s shoulder, and flipped her over. Dean held his breath.
He opened his eyes, lids still feeling like weights, and looked up at Cas. Cas was staring down at him, and he closed his mouth, nodding. He reached down in offering, and Dean took a second to muster himself before clapping his hand against Cas’ and allowing himself to be hauled up.
Dean nearly stuttered.  “What?”
But there was a disconnect between his mind and body.  He kept walking.
Castiel looked down at his book.  He wouldn't exactly describe it as "good."  He would most likely use the adjectives "tedious" or "exhausting."
?” Dean repeated, laughing now. Castiel felt a smile stretching his cheeks. He couldn’t quite recall the last time he’d had one on his face for so long—or at all.
The car turned around and began rolling forward towards the gate.  As it did, the garage door whirled and began to go down. Castiel kept his back against the wall until he no longer could as he moved around the corner of the house, the terrain under his feet shifting from grass to asphalt.  He rushed into the garage as quickly as it could, leaping over the motion sensors that would stop its decent if they detected him. He was able to breathe a little easier once he was inside, and the door settled closed behind him.
Dean slumped further against the wall, waiting for the inevitable hour when he and Sam were led out in shackles.
Still, his eyes avoided the throne. It had been a long time since anyone sat upon it, so long that it no longer belonged to anyone. If it did, it would belong to Jack.
He wondered if Dean was feeling it, too. If he was ready. He wondered if Dean wanted this.
He looked down at the box on his lap.  It wasn’t taped shut or anything. The flaps were just folded together to keep it closed.  He looked around again, making sure he was still alone in the parking lot, before opening the box up and staring inside.
He busied himself by cleaning up the popcorn kernels from the couch cushions and putting the empty beer bottles in the recycling bin.  Then, fifteen minutes later, he checked up on Sam again. He was fast asleep this time, so Dean figured now was his chance to leave. He put on his jacket and picked up his boots, not putting them on until the front door was closed softly behind him.
That poor, lovestruck moron.  It was sweet, she supposed, in a perverse sort of way.  She kind of felt bad for him.
She barely slowed her horse when she entered the compound, meaning to go right to the stable.  However, she caught sight of Dagon and Asmodeus walking along the barracks.  She called to them, gaining their attention while she steered her horse in their direction.  A few others nearby looked over, but Ruby ignored them and slipped out of her saddle.
Castiel’s temples were still throbbing from all the crying earlier but it wasn’t worth mentioning.  “No.  I managed to feed him.  He should sleep for a few hours.  Hopefully.”
Dean turned back to his computer and mumbled, “Later.”  He pretended not to watch her walk away.
Castiel doubted that.
push you,” Dean warned.
"It's like I told you before—I can't control who my dealers hire.  Maybe if we set up an application process, things like this could go up the chain of command and we wouldn't have this kind of prob—."
make yourself two plates.”
“Dean. Stop,” Sam said, voice low and seething. He was clasping his fists tightly on his lap. “Listen to yourself, would you?
Dean shook his head. Cas hadn't even blinked at the whole relationship thing, but he latched onto that?  “Uh, kinda,” Dean said, like the obvious thing it was. He held his arms out akimbo as he did, like it proved his point.
“Do you smell that?” he asked in lieu of an answer.
Dean turned around again and headed toward the door. There were a few other people in the foyer—some maids dusting or clearing out the ashes in the fireplace. Someone rushed up the stairs with linens folded in her arms. Dean blew out his cheeks in an attempt to expel the funny feeling squirming in his gut. He stood up straighter to school his focus.
After shaking the MC and referee’s hands, Dean clutched the envelope of cash and made for their group.  He almost reached them when three whores intercepted him.  One pressed up to his side.
Dean had gone very still and silent beside him, his hand sliding off of Castiel’s shoulder.
Sam shrugged like Dean’s guess was as good as his.  But he looked at Cas and said, “If that is the case, Dean’s right, Cas.  If Lucifer doesn’t find Kelly, the next place he’ll look is with her next of kin.  An orphanage may be the safest place for him.”
“I’m good.” He didn’t mention the adrenaline in his veins. He didn’t mention that it was there, lingering, because he was scared. He was choked with fear—all the time. And he wasn’t used to that anymore. Not in this life, anyway.
Castiel licked his lips at the promise.  He turned to meet Dean’s darkened eyes, but his gaze landed on Dean’s mouth.  Dean chewed on his bottom lip.
Castiel’s frown deepened.  He couldn’t deny he’d considered it, but he planned on returning eventually.  And that was
“What?” the robber asked, lifting his head quickly.
Was he acting weird?  Just hovering there by the bar drinking his wine alone like a lonely middle-aged soccer mom trying to get picked up.
things when we were strapped for cash, okay?  You remember?  With that guy in that Walmart parking lot in Omaha . . ."
Cas reached up, plucking out the petal and making a small
Still, it was a strange thing to consider, leaving Amherst after being there for a century and a half. Part of him was almost afraid to do it, and the other part of him was exuberant. He’d be with Dean. It was all he wanted. But, for now, he was content to stay. He had a life in Amherst.
“It’s okay, Dean.  I’ll—I’m going to heal you,” Castiel told him.  He heard the doubt in his own voice, the lack of faith.  He had to try. He had to succeed.
“No. I was with friends.” Each time he said the word, it elicited a tickling sensation in his chest before settling back in, warm and content. “We ate tacos.”
But they also couldn’t see him mouthing curses, rolling his eyes, and trying to stick his pen through his eye—so he figured there were some things he could get away with.
"Don't mind if I do."  He held the knife out, spinning its point with a few flicks of his wrist in Dean's direction.
A few hours later, Castiel found himself in a conversation with the dean of KU's business school and the head of the Kansas Board of Education, a man who seemed hell-bent on banning certain books from the high school curriculum that were currently required reading.  Castiel wasn't so much a part of the conversation as he was on the side of it, not really listening and not knowing when it was appropriate to nod to suggest he was.  He'd tuned out long ago, waiting for a pause that would allow him to excuse himself.
"Keep it there!" Dean ordered.  When he was sure he'd worn Cas down, he let Cas hold the ice pack and went back to the bacon to take it off the heat.
Michael straightened out.
Cas’s shoulders dropped. This conversation was already much different than the reunion he’d pictured.
As Castiel lay there, his ear pressed to Dean’s shoulder, listening to his steadying heartbeat, Dean’s mouth pressed to the crown of his head, he couldn’t help the mixture of emotions that swept over him.  Happiness, contentedness, depression, anger. He didn’t want to leave. He didn’t want the night to end. He wanted to die there, before the morning light, so he wouldn’t ever have to leave Dean’s arms. So he wouldn’t have to pretend that he could handle life without Dean in it.
Then, he heard Jo shout, “Hey!”  She took off in a run, out of the alley and down the street.
“Sammy told me where you were headed.  So, I came straight here. Booked myself a ticket.”
“We have a problem,” she said.  The words dropped like a stone in Castiel’s stomach.  Her eyes flashed to the window over the dresser.
’s, and he thought his meaning was pretty clear, but Cas fisted his hands at his sides and wheeled around.  “That’s exactly what I just said.” He was glaring, expression deadly.
“So, what?” Dean asked then, before Castiel could fully recover. “You just get your kicks out of scaring the hell out of your future bride?”
“This is me,” Cas said, like it wasn’t obvious.  There were cars lining the streets—but instead of the Toyotas and Fords Dean was used to outside his building’s busy street, these were Alfas and BMWs and one Tesla.  He had no idea why anyone would park those on a street. But, then again, no one was driving down the block. It was pretty quiet around there, without any blasting stereos or sirens in the distance or honking horns.  Up and down the block, the ivy-laced brownstones had soft yellow lights illuminating from their curtained bay windows.
Dean froze, then gasped and drew away.  So did Cas. They both sat up.
They had company. Castiel hadn’t been expecting company. He hadn’t even eaten breakfast yet. Maybe this day would be more eventful than he’d thought.
Sam had probably been nine at the time.  Dean didn't think he remembered that, and he was happy to never talk about it.  After so many years, he thought he was in the clear.
“Oh, hey.” Dean answered, dropping his shoulders as his voice went back to its usual roughness.  Thank god he didn’t have to pretend to be pleasant. He wasn’t in the mood.
The worst of it all was that he barely spoke to Cas.  He had to cancel the reservations for their date, which sucked.  Cas texted him once on Saturday, telling Dean that he was “dealing with it,” and he’d call Dean when it was “taken care of.”  Which was suckier. Dean would have felt a lot better if they were in this together. They were supposed to be in this together.
“We gotta get her back here.” He felt panic thrumming through his gut, rising higher like a tide. “Maybe it’s not done yet. Maybe there’s still time to—.”
The carriage door opened.  Cas stumbled out, gasping, hugging the wicker basket.  He shook his head out like his ears were ringing.  Blood was trickling down from his hairline.  Inside the basket, Jack was wailing.
Maybe next time.
And Dean put his hand to Cas’ neck to press his thumb against it, applying just enough pressure to feel Cas grunt beneath it.
He looked at his watch again.  Two minutes to go.
Dean suddenly ripped his arm away and stared back at Castiel with a hard, unreadable expression.  “You’re
Inside the house, Sam was already sitting at the table, the newspaper spread out in front of him. The skillet of bacon was resting in the middle of the table, the grease already beginning to congeal. Bobby couched in front of the fireplace and took the coffee pot off the hook with a cloth.
Dean found his way to the edge of the forest by the silver light of the moon bleeding through the spindly bare branches of the canopy. He concealed himself behind a tree trunk and took a survey of the grounds. Everything remained still, save for the flowers bending back and forth in the slight breeze. Not a sound came from the house, and every window inside was dark but for one.
Damn it.  Dean was really hoping Cas wouldn’t ask that.  That’s what he gets for dating an A student.
John's words knocked the air out of him, and a deep breath was punched out of Dean.  "Because he was supposed to!"
Dean didn’t know what he felt more of: gratitude, remorse, or relief.
Why the hell was he in the hospital?
other universe, because there aren’t any anymore. But it’s helped me focus. I can dreamwalk other people now.”
“No idea,” Dean sighed, dropping his shoulders.  He should have known Sam wouldn’t listen to him.  The witch would be fine for a few minutes on his own.  After all, he was locked up and shackled.  Even if he did escape, he couldn’t go far.
Because of that, he almost missed the farmhouse’s door opening.  A man walked out, a bundle of blankets in his arms.  The unmistakable sound of crying was coming from within.
Dean’s eyes volleyed across his face.  It didn’t answer his question.  Cas’ hands had stilled on him, and Dean found himself leaning into the touch.
“Hey?” Dean said softly.
the whole wedding, but Michael had the bright idea to bake a new one.  Oh boy, let me tell you how that turned out . . .”
The reaction was immediate. Charlie slammed on the brakes, making the seatbelt cut into Dean’s chest and waist as he was tossed forward. Cas’ eyes had gone wide at the suddenness of it, but it went unnoticed. Charlie had whipped around, and she was yelling, “What? What the hell does that mean?”
It brought with it a sadness so vast it nearly felt like emptiness.
His breath shuddered when Dean pulled off his skin, and crawled back up his body, white teeth the only thing remotely visible in the darkness. “
“I don’t know.”
He couldn’t go through with his plan. Something like relief washed over him. For all his determination and will, perhaps he’d been looking for a reason to stop him. Perhaps, in the deepest part of his heart that still thrashed under the dying throes of hope, he’d wanted that reason to be Dean’s return.
Dean started chopping again just to have something to do.  "Yup.  All six boxes, plus the kegs."
Sam resituated the gun on his lap and took another sweeping look around.  Sure, it was dark, but he was keeping an eye out by the light of the lanterns swinging by hooks at the front of the stage.  Not that there was much to look at.  There weren’t any spots in the vicinity where a highway robber could potentially hide.  It was all just flat land and wheat.  Besides, they were almost in the city, anyway.  “I’m doing my job just fine.”
His gut was complaining, urging him to hurry up in anticipation of something to eat.  He cracked an egg on the side of the pan and split the shell.
"Guys," Sam tried to cut in, but they both ignored him.
Dean didn’t really know what to do with that, so he just kept prattling on about the soap opera.
“I’ll miss you more if you get fired.” Because Dean had been wrong before: he didn’t have job security. Not completely. “Not even I can make an excuse to keep on an employee who doesn’t do his job.”
He lifted his hand, reaching for Dean, meaning to brush it down his arm. And maybe the tension in Dean’s body would go slack. Maybe he would let Cas tuck his chest against Dean’s back, breathe him in, hold him through the night.
There was a short silence between them, and Castiel had been right. It
leave.
Dean shot it back tenfold. “Jesus, nothing! Come on, Sam, it’s still my birthday for another like, fifteen minutes. Can we talk about this in the morning?”
He decided to give it another thirty seconds.  And, ten seconds later, he was ready to call it quits.  But then the door creaked open, and somebody popped their head outside.  It was some older guy—tall and pale with thinning white hair and a gaunt face that had too-thin leathery skin stretched over his bones.  He picked up his thin hand and gestured for Dean to get out of his car.
“A bar? But—.” He scrunched his nose in thought. He’d been expecting a house party. “But I’m twenty. We’re not even legal yet.”
He knew what was among these trees, and letting it take Cas scared him more than anything else.
He paused, his tongue darting out as they walked around a group of men smoking.  Dean went first, and Castiel walked after him before quickening his steps once more to be side-by-side with Dean once they were past.
Shoes brushed against his shins, and Dean realized someone was kicking.  He wasn’t being dragged further to the depths.  He was being pulled up to the surface.
Dean only sighed again. “Look, I’m working with what I got,” he said, tone on the verge of frustration. “You got any better ideas, you let me know.”
Leaning back off the door, he grabbed his keys out of the pocket of his leather jacket and shoved one into the keyhole. Inside, two figures on the couch scrambled to separate from one another, and Dean heard Sam clear his throat innocently. He flipped the light on, and pulled an amused face when his kid brother and his new girlfriend whipped around to stare at him from over the back of the couch. Both of them were sporting messy hair and puffy, saliva-covered mouths.
Castiel swallowed. He wasn’t sure how he was planning on following that up. There was a question, but it was one he didn’t know if he could ask.
Balthazar snorted, fighting down a laugh.
was the most content he’d ever be.
Castiel's heart leaped at the words, and he started awkwardly.  As quickly as he could, he got into his truck and started the engine.  It rumbled into life, but he found himself still.  His hands were frozen on ten and two.  He stared through the windshield helplessly, barely noticing Anael driving away.
Dean glanced around to make sure no one was looking at him.  His senses were on hyper-alert, ready to X out the window if anyone walked up to him.
Dean averted his eyes. His mind whirled desperately, trying to come up with another solution. Briefly, he thought about letting Cas decide. It should have been his choice. But Dean already knew what Cas would say. He’d rather die.
Kelly laughed, stroking her son’s hair. “Okay. But it’s getting chilly, so let’s not stay too much longer.”
And maybe, in all that time, Dean would find his peace in how lucky his life turned out.
Dean found his slacks on the floor and hopped into them.  “There’s someone outside.”  Where the hell was his shirt?  He quickly scanned the floor.
, Dean.  Me.  I have access to Michael's office."
Castiel swallowed down the lump in his throat, fighting back the doubt creeping in. He imagined Dean finding his body, the hope draining from Dean’s face.
life and what’s…” He didn’t even know how to finish that sentence. He blinked back up at Cas, a question sitting on the tip of his tongue. All day, he’d been too afraid to ask it. He didn’t even really know how to phrase it.
Especially when he thought back to when they'd first moved back to Lawrence, and Dean had nightmares every night for two weeks straight, convinced that Sam had stopped breathing in his sleep, because they didn't share a bedroom anymore and Dean couldn't keep an ear out for him.  He'd spent a lot of time curled up on Sam's floor instead of in his own bed most nights in the beginning.  He still didn't know if that was for Sam's benefit or for his own.
Dean watched the quick exchange.  Castiel could feel his eyes following him as he continued around to the other side of the stage.  He slid his luggage up first and then climbed—embarrassingly ungracefully—up into the shotgun seat.
“Dean?” he called, the name sitting thick against his Adam’s apple, as he skidded to a halt in the clearing.
It was misty with rain outside, the weird kind where the fine droplets danced in the air instead of falling straight, where an umbrella wouldn’t do much good.  There was a little bit of a chill, too, which was pretty normal for nighttime in early spring—or, at least, it was normal for Dean.  He didn’t know what was normal in France. But, to be fair, he was about to go sleep with his boss, so who the hell was he to decide the rules of normalcy?
“Oh, hey, you hungry?” he asked, suddenly remembering the rest of the food he’d cooked for dinner in the fridge.  So, he’d made extra in case Cas decided to come back inside. So, what?
But Cas, in typical Cas-fashion, seemed to understand.  “You don’t want those things.”
He wished he hadn't finished his beer that quickly.  It was a rookie mistake, really.
“Yeah, me and Bal found out some stuff, too,” Gabriel said, rising to his feet. He turned his face to Castiel, raising a brow. “Bonnie and Clyde here weren’t working alone, after all. There are more angels that escaped the Empty—and some who didn’t. Maybe they were turned, maybe they were always loyal to the Big Guy. But they’ve been slipping him souls for a while now.”
slightly. This whole house was choked with memory – some unpleasant, yes, but most of them were good. Those hurt more than all the bad ones put together.
He shot her a look, because
Philadelphia.
Castiel watched him go, and then stared at the empty hallway for a little while longer.  Guilt was already clawing at him for lying to Sam, but it was necessary. Sam would forgive him when he brought Dean home.
Because he told himself there had to be an explanation.
Dean blanketed the back of Castiel’s hands with his own. “Not that kinda shiver, sweetheart,” he said. “But I’ll warm you up.”
Dean walked past Castiel, their shoulders brushing as he did. “Let’s get crackin’,” he said.
Dean sat down on the edge of the mattress, and Cas climbed up to straddle his lap.  He took Dean’s jaw in his hands and kissed him more heatedly now, pulling gasps from both of their throats.  Dean undid his tie, pulled his shirttails out of the hem of his pants, and flew his fingers down the front buttons until the shirt was open to reveal Cas’ sturdy chest and stomach.  He pushed the shirt off and let it fall to the floor.
They were the only ones on the road.  The car slowed to a stop at a red light, allowing nothing but the wind to pass by.  He thought Dean was complaining about buying Sam’s textbooks for hundreds of dollars only to sell them back to the bookstore at the end of the semester for a fraction of the price when he said, “Dean.”
“No, uh—yeah,” he amended. He had to go through with it. It was his only shot. He looked at Benny, forcing calm. “All set.”
Fuckin’ robot.
They pulled away from each other at once, both glancing around warily. The rumbling had stopped almost as soon as it started. Dean thought of when he was a kid, when a hunt took them to California. It had been the dead of night when the hotel room shook, waking him up. Dean didn’t know what it was. He’d thought it’d been a monster, and John wasn’t there to kill it. Sam cried and cried.
Ruby tensed, her eyes widening.  She shook her head, trying to recapture Dagon’s attention.  She kept chanting inside her head, willing Dagon to shut up.
Castiel shook his head, not knowing what to make of any of this.
He reminded himself to go one step at a time.
Looks like Dean would have to do all the work.
Cas’ eyes moved up to look at Dean through his lashes. His face was hard, lips pinched, jaw jutting out in sharp edges. In the low light, he almost looked as if he were a statue chiseled from marble. Fury and frenzy forever etched in stone, as cold and deadly as the blizzard outside.
The girl kept staring off.  “And on the same night that this happened, too.  I never expected this town to be so exciting.”
All he could think was,
Dean kept quiet.
Dean breathed out, some of his resolve draining.  "Yeah.  I knew."
She nodded quickly, grimacing.
Castiel didn’t know why he lingered as he and his father watched the Allens walk back into the house. Chuck had his arm raised high over his head in a wave, and he didn’t drop it until they were out of sight. Humming, he mused, “Ah, they’re good people.”
He had to do this.  He couldn’t let himself waste away.  He needed to rid himself of the plague inside his head before he lost his stomach for it.
Sam’s expression dropped.  He’d thought Dean and Cas were done arguing but apparently there was still some residual bitterness.  He told himself to bite his tongue, because it was none of his business, and he wasn’t about to pick sides between his brother and his best friend.  But, then again, he was usually able to escape whenever they put him in the middle.  It was much harder to do that when they were traveling together.
That wasn’t the problem here.  "I don’t trust
“I…” Cas’ eyes shifted. “Yes, I eat. And…”
Dean didn’t understand it, but he did as he was told.  He collected the biggest syringe from the roll and brought it back.  Cas took it into one hand, and then held out his other.  He stuck it into his arm.
He turned back to Cas, dropping his shoulders in defeat. “Duty calls.”
Max was perched on the desk between Dean and Alicia’s stations, his bright eyes on his sister, who nodded eagerly to show she agreed.  “He’s rocking the suit,” she said, fingers still clacking on her keyboard.
didn’t want Sam talking him out of it, and Sam might have been the only person who could. Dean needed to be resolute. “I know you miss him, but—”
It was midday on the first week of March, and Cas had come over in between his classes to plan out the fair, but they ended up not doing that.  They were in Dean’s bed instead, Dean stretched out on top of him, his hips held between Cas’ bent knees, as they kissed roughly. Dean’s chin was scratched up and raw from Cas’ stubble, and his scalp hurt a little bit from Cas tugging on his hair.  Every time Cas moaned, Dean could feel the vibrations from it in his body, and he was already at half-mast in his jeans.
. At last.
It was Dean. Castiel was certain of it. It was
“Dogs don’t celebrate,” Bobby reminded him, but as always, he was a pushover.  “Fine. But he shits on the rug, you’re cleaning it up.” He turned his attention to Cas then, and said, “Cas.  Good of you to join us. How’s that truck’a yours holdin’ up?”
“Any time.”
Beneath the woodsy smell of the trees, there was the scent of smoke.  It meant a settlement was nearby, one that could possibly serve as a place to rest their heads for the night.  They were still a day outside of Salem, and it was getting closer to sunset.  Dean didn’t want to be in the woods when darkness fell.  Already, he could feel it creeping in, much too early.  His fingers were starting to freeze, no matter how he tried to shove them into the sleeves of his doublet.
"I'll explain everything," Castiel told him, a hot wire of guilt wrapping around his heart at keeping Sam in the dark, but he had no choice.  He just hoped Sam trusted him, not that he'd given him reason to.  "Please, Sam, just—stay where you are."
Dean probably only got up to use the bathroom.  He’d be back soon. He would.
A twinge of jealousy went through Dean when he remembered walking among those people, his face hidden, able to pretend just for one night that he was one of them. That he and Cas were on the same level, and Cas wouldn’t one day realize that Dean was more trouble than he was worth. That hands like his couldn’t hold the person he loved without breaking him.
A pang of guilt sliced through Castiel’s heart.  He hadn’t meant to upset Jack further. He hadn’t even been angry, really.  He’d just let his emotions get to him. He tried to reel them in, to regain control and detach himself from them.  But he found his pulse was still pounding too loudly to allow it.
They both looked over. Peter waved to Castiel. Castiel waved back politely. He didn’t know him any better than he knew Daphne.
“Toss it?” Balthazar asked, tone licked with humor. “Anywhere?”
"Yeah, that," Eileen said, "and there were a few names that weren't in the patient database."
Benny nodded, eyes moving in thought. “Alright… I got a better idea.” He moved out of Dean’s space, heading for a hallway table a few paces away. There was a candle on top. Benny opened the drawer and pulled out a matchbook. The orange light lit up the blue darkness with a hiss of a struck match. “Come on over here,” Benny beckoned as he pulled out a sheaf of paper and a pencil.
Dean tensed himself, keeping his arms firmly against his sides, and did as he was told.  He just about ripped the offered axe from Cas’ grip, but Cas didn’t seem to notice. He came up close, his chest brushing against Dean’s arm.
“What?” Cas asked, sounding more alert.  He’d lifted his head off his pillow and stared at Dean. Dean stared back, about to repeat himself, but then another cry echoed.  One of the horses whinnied.  Cas’ eyes went big.
Michael shot him a curious look.  “If you wish. I look forward to seeing what you come up with.”
Dean huffed, dropping his arms.  His shirt hung open.  “Can you just be a
He didn’t know he was staring until Cas’ steady eyes latched onto him.
He leaned back, eyes wide as they checked Dean for injury. He knew what he’d seen wasn’t real, but the hollow feeling in the marrow of his bones was harder to convince. But there was no blood, no bruising, no scars but the normal ones. Castiel looked down at Dean’s shirt. It wasn’t ripped, and no crimson pooled on it. The cuts on his chest and torso were gone.
“Cas.”
Speaking of invitations, Castiel thought Dean should be aware: “Sam invited me to Bobby’s tomorrow.”  He doubted Dean would have any objections, but it was best to make sure.
He couldn't live like that, constantly looking over his shoulder; and he couldn't risk Dean and Sam's lives.  The Winchesters deserved better than that.
And then, there was Claire. Sweet Claire who was an unfussy baby, but couldn’t conjure so much as a soap bubble, even with Cas’s blood in her. Power unmatched, indeed. Claire grew up happy and healthy but never developed the slightest of magic ability. That helped, at least, to convince any holdovers who still believed the prophecy was more than a poem someone wrote generations ago for a laugh.
If Dead Girl really was alive, he didn’t want her getting away. He forced himself to walk over, and said, “Help me get her back on ice. She can stay locked in there ‘til we get back.”
“Apologize,” Dean told him point-blank.
Ruby let out a frustrated sound when Chevy snorted at her.  Sam rushed up, wanting to settle the horse before she bucked.  “Whoa, easy,” he said, coming up behind Ruby and holding out his hands.
“It can do drums, too, I think.” He had no idea why anyone would want that. Moving on, he indicated some other buttons and explained, “And it can record and playback, too. And there’s, uh… Hang on.” He tried to remember what button the sales clerk had shown him. When he located it, a rendition of one of those classical songs Cas loved started playing. The keys lit up in red, indicating which to press to follow along with the song.
Cas was looking at him again. Dean could feel it on his skin. “No,” Cas said. “Stars are… desolate. Lonely. Watching the earth forever. And he…”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said sadly, because he wanted to be with Cas.  He wanted to be with Cas so bad it hurt. But he didn’t know how to fix it.  He and Cas were supposed to be together but they weren’t and that was all his fault.  He needed help. He needed his dad’s help.
He leaned in to stare down the dark tunnel, hoping for a pair of headlights to appear.  Nothing.
Dean appeared to think for a moment.  He stepped forward, pointing at Castiel.  “So, what?  You just wanna abandon your life in Lawrence?”
“Okay, so that’s good, right?” Sam asked, ever the optimist.  “That means Cas is here.”
Steadying himself, he asked, "What do you want?"
Another gust of wind whistled around the building.  Dean groaned, “Dammit.”
“I do,” Dean maintained.  “Kinda. Hey, that’s more planning than I’ve done . . . ever.”
Uriel looked as if he knew the implications of that, and it only gave him more reason to follow Castiel’s plan.  “Yes. I will speak to him. But that’s all I’ll do, Castiel. I will keep my mouth shut and allow you to proceed, but I won’t get involved further.”  He looked at Dean again, almost sneering. “Not if this plan of yours fails.”
“What?” Sam asked, like he hadn’t expected Dean to say anything at all. “Why?”
Cas couldn’t look him in the eye when he said, “Okay, try now.”  His voice was deeper than before.
Apology accepted.
“Then, why are you even still here, if I’m that much of a dick?”
“I won’t let you down,” he promised.
Dean deflated. “Yeah, well, there’s gotta be something.”
Dean rubbed at his eyes and tried not to laugh humorlessly. “I don’t think that’s a good—”
When he reached between them to palm at the bulge in Dean’s pants, Dean’s back arched and his lips opened wider to suck in a gasp.  Dean parted his legs wider, causing Castiel to do the same on top of his lap.  “Cas—fuck, fuck, fuck.”
Dean shot him a look, but it probably wasn’t very menacing.  He could feel how dull and dead his eyes were.
“With Michael gone, you and I could—.”  He laughed, then, sardonically. “But you don’t want that.”
Jo was at the mouth of the alley.  He had no idea what she was doing.
There was a foreign, static current humming under Dean's skin, like he'd just touched one of those oversize plasma orbs at a science museum.  It made his skin prickle and the hairs on the back of his neck stand up, but it was comfortable, welcomed, unlike the burning zap whenever Cas healed him.  It only happened when Cas was happy.  Dean put his hands in Cas' hair and deepened the kiss until the sensation built from a slight tickle to something overpowering.
"Dean, can you hear me?"
Cas groaned a little and picked up his head to nod woozily.  His eyes were still glossy and unfocused, and he probably still had no idea what was going on.  Dean reached over and flushed the toilet as Cas sat back and went limp against the wall. Cas closed his eyes, his forehead scrunching, looking like he was focusing hard on breathing.
"Castiel," she said, her gaze flickering up and down his body.  She brought her hands up to shoulder level and wrapped her fingers around the metal crisscrosses of the fence.  "Long time."
“Other stuff?” Castiel asked flatly, wondering what that meant. Dean’s eyes shifted like he had something specific in mind.
“Why are you being so stubborn?” Dean argued.
Jo turned back to him.  “So, what’s the deal between you two anyway?”
There was another pause, and Castiel thought Dean might say goodnight, but then he said, “So, uh.  Dad figures we got a couple more weeks left to finish up the last leg of the trip before we head home.”
Dean remembered the ring in his pocket. He remembered fire. He remembered bodies. “My mom died.”
He gritted his teeth and tried to swallow down the feeling. He looked up at the body. It was moving—but not in the way a normal person would. It looked like involuntary muscle spasms, like when you’re on the cusp of sleep, heart rate slowing, and your leg kicks out thanks to some brain synapse thinking you’re dying.
He knew he shouldn’t have taken this out on Cas.  Cas was better than that—better than
Dean’s anger was waning, turning to ice in his gut. He felt like something was choking the life out of him. He took a good look at Rowena, and there was some too defensive about her. There was a reason she wasn’t helping him.
“Yeah.”  He forced himself to look up.  He honestly didn’t know why he hadn’t told Sam yet.  He hadn’t told anybody. Dean always thought, if it ever happened between him and Cas, he’d want everyone to know right away.  He thought he’d be way too happy to keep it a secret.
“We’ll corner them, alright,” Asmodeus told her, squashing her hopes.  “And you’re gonna help us.”
Dean brought up the rifle again and pushed through the doors, holding the weapon ready, his eyes scanning every dark corner of the room.  The two of them walked towards the open morgue drawer, and despite Dean's roiling gut sending out a distress signal that he'd totally puke if that thing was empty, it was empty.
And, “Fuck, Cas—so good.”
Anticipation for their appointment with the psychic tomorrow sat heavily atop his chest like a weighted blanket. Except, it wasn’t at all comforting. It definitely didn’t help promote blood circulation or whatever the fuck those things were supposed to do, because Dean was pretty sure he was about to have a heart attack. He felt like he should be doing
It was close to midnight when they parked the car on a scenic overlook along the parkway.  The river cut, deep and dark and twinkling with the swimming lights of the buildings reflecting on the water, between them and the city.  The buildings were monoliths across the way, and the bridge was lit up in white as the motorcade zipped along the four lanes on each side.  Red on one side; white on the other.
Dean nodded in return, some of his paranoia returning. He quickly cast a look over his shoulder. “Yeah, you mind if we do this inside?”
As quietly as he could, he crossed the room to the hallway, pointedly ignoring the way Zachariah’s eyes were following him.
He always ended up thinking of Dean instead.
“No!” it said, voice pitiful, and—distantly, Castiel thought, the monster was young. But it was still a monster. “No, I don’t know about any spell. I swear to G—.”
Dean scoffed.  Not this again.  He was sick of her trying to set him up.  He’d already been in one relationship, and look how that ended.
He didn’t, but he couldn’t stop himself from asking, “And—how long did he stay here?”
“No.”  His voice was curt, and he was lying, but Dean only shrugged.  He went to the dining room table, sat down in front of Dean’s laptop, and unfolded it, meaning to bury himself into finding out who their doppelganger was in life.  Out of the corner of his eye, he was aware of Dean moving about the kitchen, flipping the omelet, plating it, rattling through the utensils drawer until he found a fork. Every small sound set Castiel’s teeth on edge.  Dean was behaving as if everything were normal.
Castiel’s breath was starting to catch up with him, and the cold on his cheeks was seeping to the rest of the body, replacing the tingling heat of arousal.
Cas let out a heavy breath and brought his gaze back down.  He was looking through a stack of papers so big, it could only be a pitch deck for a client.  “Yes, Dean?”
She tried to rip her arms away from the two men.  They only doubled their grip.  She had to get to Lucifer.  She had to explain.  He’d understand.
Thankfully, Castiel had a couple of hours to digest before dessert. After dinner, Dean and Mary stayed at the house to clean up and reheat the pies. Castiel helped Sam load their donations into Mary’s muscle car and accompanied him to drop them off at the homeless shelter. Christmas music played on the radio on the drive back, and Castiel kept his gaze out the window to take in the town where Dean had grown up. He also told Sam about reading President Lincoln’s address at Gettysburg when he announced Thanksgiving as a national holiday. Sam made him promise not to tell Dean that, as “Dean’ll think he invented Thanksgiving and we’ll never hear the end of it.”
Dean gestured his palm toward the door, a twirling, fizzy feeling frothing over in his chest.  “Shall we?”
Saying the words felt like a relief.  He hadn’t known why they’d been so scary in the first place.  Because Cas and Sam were happy.  As for Dean, he thought he was content.  He had Cas, and Sam, and the baby, and that was really all he needed.
“So, uh. The poem.” Damn it. Why did he say that? Cas’ eyes widened fractionally. Dean licked his lips, rubbing at the heat on the back of his neck. “You… you did good.”
She frowned, and waved it away like it was no big deal. “Still pretty much the same. Still not telling me shit. But we’re good for now.”
But Dean did.  He was sure. And, no.  No, no, no. Cas couldn’t just leave him like that, without even a goodbye.  Something in Dean raged at him to just let Cas go, because if that was the way Cas wanted it, fine.  If Cas wanted to abandon him,
But Castiel disregarded all of that.  His eyes immediately fell to the bundle of blankets in a wicker basket on the table.  Soft coos came from within, two tiny hands raised and swaying.  Castiel’s breath tripped, and at once all his aches and pains fell away.  Adrenaline rushed through his ears.
“No.” He offered his upturned palm to Dean. Dean’s face pinched warily. His eyes flickered between Castiel’s hand and his face. Castiel huffed, because it was simple. Why didn’t Dean just
.  Jack was still crying loudly.  Dean looked down at him.  The baby’s face was bright red and wet.
“This was pleasant,” Michael told them, mostly directing it at Anael.  “Thank you for arranging it, Anael. I’ll be sure to pay the bill up front before I leave.  Raphael, with me.”
To hell with it. Dean didn’t care if he destroyed himself.
When Cas raised his axe, Dean’s attention snapped back to him.  He had one arm outstretched, and was staring down the target like he was threatening its life and that of its entire family.  When he threw it, his sleeve briefly tightened around the muscles of his arm as they flexed, and Dean could see the roll of his back under his shirt.  But, truthfully, all of that had gotten old about a dozen throws ago, and now Dean was just pissed off. The axe buried itself so deeply into the center of the board, he’d probably need to use his foot as leverage on the wall to yank it out.
“Fuck.”
When Dean’s eyes closed again, Castiel only had to say, “
Ah-ha!  So Cas didn’t know what to call them, either.
Castiel was very happy that, all those weeks ago, Dean hadn’t been in his right mind.
Trying not to feel too giddy, Dean pushed away from the piano and stood up. “Alright. I’ll see you tomorrow?”
Castiel watched after him, his joy somewhat subdued by Gabriel’s words. In another life, Castiel could be with his beloved in the daylight. He told himself it was fine. He’d rather walk in the darkness forever with Dean at his side.
quite been yourself recently. You’re much more agreeable. And, clearly, you’ve been working on your physique. Oh, dear.” He was grinning, catlike, now. “Our Cassie has fallen in love. You fool!” He reached over, boxing Castiel teasingly on the ear before Castiel could duck out of the way. “What on earth would you do that for?”
“Okay, so what does it mean?” Dean asked.
Dean tried not to show his disappointment.
Dean bit down the grin that threatened to crack his cheeks.  He looked at the opposite wall from where Cas stood, his hand forming into a fist at his side and he wanted so badly to pump it in the air in victory.  “Oh, I get it. This is a booty-call,” he teased.
When Castiel gave him his attention, Dean bent his knees slightly and gestured out his hands as if to say “what the hell” with his entire body.  But it wasn’t as if leaving had been Castiel’s idea in the first place.
A dizzying thrill went through Dean at the sight of them.  He felt a little silly for not seeing that coming.  Charlie loved almost everyone.  But she could also be pretty loud and affectionate, which wasn’t Cas’ style.  With any luck, he could overcome that.
He opened up the photo album and flipped through the pages until he found the portrait he’d taken for his graduation. Deciding it was good enough, he split open the binding holding the portrait in, the glue snapping as it separated. Castiel carefully picked up the military portrait and put it behind his own. It would be safe there, and Castiel would always know where it was hidden.
Satisfied, Benny told him he’d see him later, and then he was out the door.
Dean pulled back, and Castiel reluctantly let him.
Michael made himself scarce for most of Castiel’s time in the office.  He was constantly running from one meeting to the next, and Castiel really only saw him on Sundays.  He was happy about that. He wished he didn’t see Michael at all.
anyway, welcome back! not much to say here, except the lovely
He had such a fucked up sense of humor, but Dean constantly found himself holding back a laugh whenever he said anything that any normal human being would perceive as totally serious.
“For getting you into all this.”
As usual, Cas offered nothing decisive.  “I don’t know,” he whispered down at the floor.  “I thought—you said you needed space. And time.  I wanted to give you that.”
“Can you smoke ‘em?” Dean panted.
“So. How’ve you been holding up?” she asked while pouring the coffee.
He settled for flipping her off instead.
The reminder heightened Castiel’s anxiety again.  He rocked Jack, trying to calm them both.
Jack looked over at him with mild interest.
He felt his eyes stinging, some of the tears he’d been trying to hold back welling there.  He wondered if his eyes were red. He tried not to sniffle. “I screwed it up.”
“Shut up. Yes, I do,” Dean maintained. And Castiel couldn’t find the energy to argue with him when Dean ran his thumb along the bridge of Castiel’s nose to smooth out the lines. Castiel secretly loved when he did that. It was a tender gesture.
“You can take the potatoes,” she said quickly after and walked right past him.
When everyone was settled, Cas pressed an awkward closed-mouth smile to his face and folded his hands behind his back.  “Alright, everyone. I just wanted to introduce myself. I’m Castiel, your new ED. I look forward to getting to know each one of you in the coming weeks.”
He wanted to skip that part for once—the part where words got in the way. The part where they butt heads. The part where they went their separate ways for a while, only for Dean to return in a few weeks and for the process to start all over again.
His chest ached under that knowledge.
Dean thought of him every night when he went to bed, and he’d taken to sleeping on one side of the mattress, as if to leave room for Cas.  His scent had faded from the pillows, but every now and again Dean thought he caught a whiff of something that reminded him of Cas, and he really didn’t want to put them in the wash just yet.
“Because of you,” Castiel told her.
Dean breathed out, easing the tension from his body.  “I’m relaxed,” he assured.  Castiel believed him, so he pushed further inside to the next knuckle.  Dean’s throat bobbed as he swallowed hard.  Castiel eased him open, adding more jelly and another finger when Dean was ready for it.  By the time a third finger was stretching him open, Dean was rolling back into Castiel’s hand and letting out loud groans.
All he had was the element of surprise on his side.  That, and the knife hidden under his pillow.
at this point.
Cas packed away his sparse new medical supplies before getting up and crossing to the bed.  “I think it’s time we let Auntie Charlie get some rest,” he said to the baby, and it was a sentence Dean never thought he’d hear coming from Cas’ mouth.  It was a little jarring.  But it made Charlie glow.
It would take a lot more than that to scare Dean off. He walked to the entrance in the fence and toward the front door, holding his hands up in surrender as he did.
Sam threw his arms up like Dean was a lost cause. “Dean—,” he started, bitch face firmly in place.
Sam gave a derisive snort at that as he placed himself next to Rowena.
Before he fully understood what had happened, Dean had tilted his head up to catch Castiel’s lips with his own. And suddenly, there was sound. It came from everywhere and everything. Castiel heard his human pulse racing in his ears, and the electric hum of his grace against the singing of Dean’s soul. He heard the creak of the wind through the rafters and the insects trilling in the tall grass. He heard the stars wheeling overhead and the water shifting deep below the earth’s surface. In his memory, there was the revving on an engine and the tune of classic rock song. It all seemed so close now, a symphony. It was all Dean, every little thing.
Dean believed him.  He turned back to the screen, getting a good look at the girl.  "So, it's a ghost," he said, but he wasn't so sure.  She wasn't acting like ghosts usually did, not to mention everything that happened with the body.
“Good morning, Sam,” Cas said.  “You look well. It’s nice to have you home.”
Castiel frowned. He wasn’t certain what discussion Zachariah was referring to, but knowing that he’d taken note of Dean’s whereabouts was disconcerting. Though, Zachariah always had been observant—not to mention shrewd—when it came to his staff, so Castiel assumed his interest in Dean wasn’t significant. So long as they continued to be careful, the butler would be none the wiser.
Meg remained still for a while.  Castiel’s eyes flickered to the clock.  It was nearing 4 AM.
Dean knew in his gut that wasn’t true. He started pacing again. “Cas went to HQ to see what’s what. But that was about five hours ago, so…” He threw up his hands in defeat.
Cas squinted in a conspiring way.  “Of course. Naturally.”
They walked along the river to the hotel, close enough that their shoulders brushed.  Their knuckles brushed. Their fingers brushed. And Dean looped one finger around Cas’ between them, and Cas’ eyes sparkled as he snuck a glance at Dean.
“I hate you.”
“I was driving through the area,” Cas said over him, without preamble.  He seemed a little jittery, or as jittery as someone like Cas could be. Dean was only going off of how quickly his words tumbled out of his mouth.  He was probably still over-caffeinated from studying. “Meg lives on the other side of town and after I dropped her off, I thought I’d stop in and say hello.  I—It was a mistake. You’re probably busy. I shouldn’t drop in uninvited.”
Meg’s face erupted into a sharp smile.  “Nice try.  We’re not leaving until we find the kid.”
And he kind of hoped it would be the anger.
Behind him, he was aware of Castiel shrugging off his coat and peering around the small space. He definitely wasn’t making himself at home. He was kind of just awkwardly hovering there, actually. Dean didn’t mention it.
“Oh Claire…” Cas hummed. Any anger he had left in his system drained at the sight of their children, scared and upset and exhausted. As one, he and Dean moved to the couch. Dean gingerly took Jack and held him against his chest. Cas pulled Claire into his lap, letting her cry into his shoulder. “I’m sorry, Clairebear. We shouldn’t have argued like that in front of you.”
And there was Dean.
“Yes, but he asked you to retire from the military, didn’t he?” Cas reasoned.  “He didn’t ask you to stay specifically here.”
“Dean,” he said again.  “Go sleep in your own bed.”
If Castiel thought the desk could hold both of their weight, he would have pushed Dean backward and crawled on top of him.
Dean sputtered as his breath returned to him.  He rocked back and forth before picking himself up to his feet.
. I’m referring to the forces of nature. Do you understand?”
Dean let out a breath.  He wasn’t about to dignify the last part with a response.  There were about a hundred unread emails in his Outlook, but he ignored them in favor of talking to Charlie.  Sam really hadn’t been much help, and he was still about ten seconds from hyperventilating. Maybe she could calm him down.
“I’ve answered the question.”
“It’s fine,” Jo snipped in a tone that suggested it definitely wasn’t fine. “But I still have a lot of work to do before tonight, so if you’re just gonna step on my toes, let me know and we’ll stop now.” She shot him a shit-eating grin, and he knew it was meant to challenge him into trying harder. He wasn’t sure if he was in the mood to take the bait.
There was movement in the barn’s entrance.  Dean’s eyes flickered in that direction, just fast enough to find Sam there, his Wells, Fargo sawed-off ready in his hands.  Dean wouldn’t dare let the relief he felt flood through him.  Not yet.
Sam laughed.  The sounds of the crowd putting out the fire a few blocks away filtered back in.
Castiel swallowed, his throat clicking. His heart had skipped a beat from joy and excitement at Dean’s words.
Dean put his money on the table.  He still felt jittery, and he didn't know why he said it; but, haltingly, he added, "But, you know—thanks.  For—you know.  Not ditching me just now to hang out with her."
It wasn't too late to turn back.
He couldn’t even trust his own instincts in telling the difference between a fucking lab coat and a ghost, because he didn’t even know if his instincts were his own.
Castiel tensed his jaw, staring his brother down.  “The truth threatens you.” Michael blinked, so Castiel plowed forward.  “What our father did to his mother. Mary Winchester. What Evangelist did.  He had her killed, and you knew. And you—you tried to have Dean murdered. You’re the reason Harvelle’s Roadhouse burned down.  Someone died that day. I know what you did, I just don’t know why.”
Sam nodded his agreement.
“Alright, smart ass.  You’re full of shit.” Before Castiel knew it, Dean’s hand was on his head, dunking him down under the surface.  He held him there for less than a second before letting him go, and Castiel came back up spitting water.
“Well, we don’t know anything,” Dean reasoned, but it seemed more like a prepared argument. “So, let’s just find him and then Cas can send someone to do some recon and
But, now that he was there, he found it difficult to call this visit anything but social. He glanced around the apartment. It was the first time he’d ever been inside, especially since Dean had moved in. It was an austere room, but there were touches of Dean all around: the slept in, haphazardly made bed, the loaf of bread and serrated knife on the table, the clothes hanging off the back of the wooden chair, the candles with dripping wax hardened along their edges. There was a ceramic bowl on top of the dresser, appearing to be full of dried flowers and herbs, and Castiel assumed it was some kind of potpourri. It was odd. He wouldn’t have expected such a thing from Dean, but he supposed living so close to the stables couldn’t have smelled very good.
Cas wandered away from the table, and stood by the window overlooking the swamp in the backyard. His transparent reflection on the glass stared back at him, almost nose to nose.
He went to the freezer and popped a few Eggos into the toaster from the box.  While they cooked, he raided the pantry for syrup and peanut butter, a box of Frosted Flakes, and two bowls and spoons.  When the waffles sprung out of the toaster, he pinched them at the top and quickly moved them to a plate with a soft “ouch” at the burn it gave him.  He grabbed the milk from the fridge before balancing everything in his arms and scurrying back to the bedroom.
Dean squared his shoulders, seeming to understand more than Castiel did. “Okay,” he said, recovering after a moment. “They’ll be alright. But we gotta go. Listen, I’m sorry I left, Cas. I’ll explain everything later, but we don’t got time right now.” He left the bed behind and walked back up to Castiel. He put two firm hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “Sam’s at the train depot waiting for us. We’re going to California. Tonight.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, visibly trying not to sigh. “I was just—”
Cas could feel the crack run through his heart. It stopped beating altogether. Maybe he’d been right before, about desperately doing all he could to stave off this conversation. But at least now he knew the truth.
“There’s no need to get defensive, Mr. Winchester,” Naomi said, holding up her palm like he was an animal in need of taming.  “We’re all very grateful for your contribution.” Bullshit.
He wanted to die. He wanted it to be over. Anything to stop the pain.
He wondered if he should feel relieved. “Oh,” he said into the phone. He didn’t understand anything about this world. Nausea was roiling in his stomach. He should have been relieved. “Good.”
Bela looked up at her, smile firmly back in place.  “Anything for my favorite business partner.”
He pressed their cheeks together, the scratch of Dean’s stubble against his skin. He whispered into Dean’s ear the same thing he’d said in the beginning.
He waited a minute or so before glancing around, looking over his shoulder to the empty entranceway and casting his gaze to the waitstaff.  He blew out his cheeks and drummed his fingers on the desk impatiently.
He turned his thoughts instead on what had happened downstairs before Castiel showed up. Drexel and Duke were gone for now, but it was only a matter of time until Gordon sent someone else after Dean. He needed to come up with that money. Fast.
It got even worse when they were walking to the party and Sam jogged up to Dean’s side.  “Hey, you okay?” he asked under his voice so the rest of the chattering pack they were with couldn’t hear.
Dean wrapped his arms tightly around him and brought them both crashing back onto the bed.
He thought of Dean.
He turned his focus back on their comrades.  “Someone go fetch Lucifer.  I think it’s high time we ended this charade.”
The smile that lit Dean’s face was, no matter how Castiel tried to fight it, breathtaking.  His eyes sparkled with it.
“Dean?” Cas asked, his touch coming to Dean’s elbow. “What’s wrong?”
hung from the ceiling.
“Dunno, I didn’t recognize him. I think he goes to your school. Said he was a student. Castiel or something.”
Castiel's eyes trailed after her, and he tried to focus on being grateful that she still wanted to be his friend, but the interaction had left a sour taste in his mouth.  He didn't want her to be right about Dean, and he told himself she wasn't.  Dean had never been modest about his hook ups.  Surely, Castiel would have heard about one by now if there were any during his trip.
His gaze flickered to the dead eye of the camera near the corner of the house, and he instinctively ducked his head to hide his face. Inside, his phone was probably buzzing with a notification as they walked past the camera, and there was no one on the other side to see them. Avoiding cameras was just a wary habit after so many run-ins with the law in his life.
Castiel, however, didn’t see why it mattered. “I told you, the end hallway.”
He shook his head, a mental block going up that was hell-bent on preventing him from understanding.  “About
Both of them quickly swiveled their heads to him, their gazes briefly flickering up and down his person in question. Castiel hadn’t realized until that moment that he was still wearing one of Dean’s rock and roll t-shirts and a pair of sweatpants, thanks to Dean’s ban on Castiel wearing “real” clothes in their bed because they were “uncomfortable to sleep next to.” His feet were bare. He ignored the realization, because there were much more pressing issues.
Maybe it was just a reflex, but his stomach churned. He grunted as he picked up a case from the floor and placed it carefully on the counter. “Oh, yeah?”
And Dean wanted to say he was sorry, too.  Sorry that he was a jackass. Sorry that he led Cas on when he wasn’t ready to commit—probably never would be ready to commit.  And it was better that way, anyway. Dean was leaving soon. And even if he wasn’t, he didn’t have the energy or the time to hold down any kind of relationship.  Work already took up the majority of his every day, and he wanted his free time to be just that: free. His own. Not something he had to barter with someone else.  He wanted just one thing that was his, to do what he wanted when he wanted.
“Last I read in the paper, he was in Tulsa.  Doubt there’s any reason for someone like that to hit up some backwater town like Lawrence.”
“Dean,” Castiel said quickly after drawing away. “Listen to me—you have rescind your consent. Right now.”
“Hey there, Doc,” she said, a grin spreading on her face.
“She does?”  His eyes flashed back towards Meg.  He didn’t understand how Dean could come to the conclusion that she wanted sex.
Mary was standing beside Sam at the boot, bidding him goodbye with an embrace.
And it was baffling. He was as perplexed about it now as he was on the night Dean had offered to build the garden.
Tonight. Damnit. Dean never expected dancing with Cas would become the least of his worries. This was probably a sign he should call the whole thing off.
He guessed, if they couldn’t save him, the least he could do was spend Cas’ last few months together. They could try to be happy. Dean didn’t know if that was selfish, but maybe he deserved to be a little selfish.
Apparently, that was the wrong thing to say, because Cas put on his half-perplexed, half-argumentative expression.  The one with the tilted head, narrowed eyes, and pouty lips.  “What are you talking about?  We’re taking him to Kelly’s parents.”
Cas blinked at him, seeming thrown.  “You have a child?” he asked out of the side of his mouth.
Castiel saw every side of him now, even the ones Dean tried to hide from him. It only made Castiel love him more. Looking at him now, there was nothing but warmth and brilliance.
“Obviously.  He’s a week old.”
, what did you do this time?”
“Hey.”
"Good.  Don't."
Castiel tried to bite back a grin.  He did, in fact, want in.  "I'll be there," he said.
“Very funny,” Sam muttered for appearances’ sake, but in all honesty, it was good to see Dean joking around again.
It had started to rain some time in the night.  The breeze coming through the window and rattling the slanted and broken blinds smelled of petrichor.  At times, stray droplets misted into the room through the screen.  It was nearly 6:30 AM, and Dean would be awake in an hour or so.
He wondered how his mom would have handled it.  She probably would have gone to talk to the families, but what the hell would he say?
by the mind-blowing ray (adorkabledean, princeackles on youtube). both things are better than the actual fic lmao. (really, check out all their stuff because they're both awesome!) thanks so much to both of you! i'm still blushing.
If that was meant to make Dean feel better, Cas really needed a different tactic.
Suddenly, the woods seemed vast and deep.
Vaguely, he was aware of Dean letting out a yell as he stampeded forward, knocking right into a man as if he were a bowling pin.  Dean’s arms around the outlaw’s waist, they both went crashing down into a table.  It cracked under them, sending them to the floor.
Dean didn't know what to say to that.  He felt his jaw unhinge, but he didn't know how to close his mouth.  He was pretty sure his base motor functions were on the fritz.
He tore his eyes away from the truck, and told himself not to think about that sort of stuff.
Castiel considered it.  He lowered his arm and half-glanced over his shoulder.  “Sam, take Jack back to library. I need five minutes alone with her.”
Behind him, Balthazar’s reflection changed from a transparent blur to something clearer as he leaned it. “My, my, Cassie. If I didn’t know better, I’d say you were trying to impress someone,” he teased.
Castiel turned, and walked out of the study, gritting his teeth against the pain.  The stairs were worse, and his knuckles were white against the railing as he tried not to jostle too much downward.  Perhaps the only thing keeping him upright was defiance.
He hadn’t seen him in so long.  He never anticipated that just
Magic swelling in his chest, through his shoulders, Cas let his arms spread a little as he released a spell to hold Lucifer where he was in the form of an oppressive weight settled on his chest. “Shut up,” Cas ground out. Dean got to his feet, chest heaving as he took a moment to shake the fight off, straighten his clothes. “How did you break through our protections?”
“Fuck, just do it, Cas.”  He put his leg around Cas again, and Cas reached behind him.  His fingers skated over Dean’s opening, and Dean buried his forehead into Cas’ chest just before he slipped a finger inside.
The stubble on his chin and throat scratched against Dean’s lips as he kissed down them and nipped at Cas’ Adam’s apple.  The scent lifting off his skin was intoxicating, and Dean could almost taste it on his tongue.
“Hang on,” he said. He let go of Cas’ hand and sat up to get out of his jacket and flannel and toss them away. He rolled up his t-shirt sleeve to expose his shoulder. Then, he laid down on his side, facing Cas.
Of course, he’d thought about it—he just hadn’t.  Because he was an idiot. “It didn’t come up!” he defended.
Dean considered hanging up, but only for a split second.
Castiel didn’t quite know what Balthazar was speaking in relation to. He supposed, yes, technically, he had seen Meg more in the last week or so than he had before he’d met her. But he hadn’t exactly thought about her when she wasn’t around. “I . . .”
Once the panic subsided, he dropped his face back into his pillow and muttered, "Fuck off."
He could do this. He could move on. Dean had left him, and Castiel would prove that Dean was nothing to him. Just a mild, fleeting disturbance in a charmed life. That was all.
“Nothing, nothing,” she answered quickly. She came closer, clutching at his sleeve to ensure his undivided attention—and she certainly had it. “Listen to me, Castiel. You must
century if he didn’t have any answers?
Dean's stomach dropped, his skin suddenly numb.  What the hell was going on?
He tried to wipe at his eyes.  A tear fell out and burst against the grass.  His temples were throbbing and his nose felt too hot.  He sniffled, trying to stop it, but it was no use.
He didn't bother knocking on Sam's door before barging in.  Sam was still in bed, his overgrown hair a mess in front of his eyes and a half-packed bag at the end of the frame.  "Rise and shine!" Dean yelled, and Sam snorted awake in a rush.
Not long after that, Cas instructed Kelly to start pushing.  Mary was still holding her hand and dabbing her brow.  Sam was on her other side, reminding her to breathe.  Dean did his best to stay out of the way.  He kept his arms at his sides, fists tightening each time Kelly’s wailing pierced through the house.  His heart was pounding in his ears, urging him to do something useful, but he didn’t know what.
Gabriel laughed out a loud, mocking, “
“Who are you?” Castiel heard himself say.
The vast, empty void in his chest clenched, filling with anger. It overcame Dean for a moment, a flashbang of a spark. It screamed:
“Castiel. He isn’t dead, per se, but he isn’t alive,” Rowena explained.
By then, the onlookers had come forward, a small group of them crowding around.
Castiel didn’t know how to respond to that.  He sighed, letting his shoulders drop.  He couldn’t rest.  Jack needed him.  There was no telling when Lucifer planned on leaving the farm.  If Castiel didn’t move quickly, the child could be lost forever.
He strode toward Dean, hearing the gravel crunch beneath his shoes. Slowly, he sidled up to Dean’s side, ensuring to keep some space between them. The freezing metal of the car bit into his skin through his clothes. Dean didn’t say anything. Castiel tilted his head up at the sky, giving Dean a moment to get used to his presence.
Dowling sat up a little straighter, surprised. “Wait—you do?”
After a while, Cas said, “I’m sorry, Dean.” It didn’t sound pitying.
He clenched his fists, keeping them firmly at his sides, and overlooked how the hollow feeling in his stomach had moved to his chest as he made for the door.  He opened it just enough to squeeze through it, and then slowly shut it once he was in the hall.
“Anything else?” he asked, and he probably sounded rude, but Cas didn’t seem to notice.
“Yeah,” she teased, walking slowly backward to the stage.  “You should get some sometime.  Maybe then you’d be able to admit you’re a married man.”  She pointed to his necklace.  “Nice cross.  Didn’t know you were so religious all of a sudden.”
“Extra cheese!”
Dean pulled away with a grunt, and a big part of him wanted to let it go to voicemail.  He glared over at his phone rattling around on the floorboards as it vibrated and played the opening riff of
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel wished Dean would stop with the humor and hints. He felt as though he were about to vibrate out of his skin from anticipation.
Cas gave him one last look, like he was expecting Dean to hold him back.  Dean’s fingers itched to reach out for him and pull him back inside, so he shoved his hand deeper into his pocket and let Cas slip into the stairwell.
Dean wished he could be prouder of that accomplishment. He nodded once, and left the room.
Dean.  He had to find him.
Castiel looked down at his boots as they continued to walk.  Their shoes clicked on the boardwalk, mixing with the sounds of drunken laughter, shouts, and chatter from the people around them and inside the saloons.  And there was the sound of Dean’s breathing.  Everything else faded away, leaving only Dean’s presence—the warmth buzzing like static in the inches between them, the occasional brushing of their shoulders or knuckles at their sides.
But, at the moment, he was more concerned with Balthazar’s words.  His heartbeat kicked up as a dozen inane scenarios flooded his mind, like Michael had stopped by the apartment looking for him.  More likely, Bathazar had lost his keys.
