“Fuck, I’m close, Dean, I -” Cas cut himself off with a sharp intake of breath which gave way to another guttural moan and Dean covered Cas’ mouth with a broad hand.
“Deal.” Dean’s gaze lingered on Cas’ face a few seconds before he looked out the window, hoping that by the end of this project, they would be
Dean could feel his own heart breaking at the sight. Cas looked small as he hugged his knees on the bathroom floor. “You can, Cas. You’re doing so well.
Dean placed a hand on his chest and pretended to be offended. “Ouch. Yeah, I learned last year, thank you very much. Hell yeah, I wanna cupcake.”
If I enjoy it, we definitely need to come up with a new name for it. I’m
“I think we can handle that. I'm a little interested myself in how things will progress, but you have to make us a deal, too,” Cas says, wanting to wrap this up quickly. “Will you show us the notes you took today when we come back?”
Dean pointed to the phone with a ‘see? Told you’ face.
Hope you guys enjoyed that fluffy one shot I posted cuz here's some more angst - Ketch
“Fuck, I want you so bad it hurts. Need you, Castiel. Split me open, bite me, pull my hair, I’m yours.”
Cas brushed his teeth and jumped in the shower, thinking of Dean the entire time.
wanted from him. He sat there pondering for about, forty minutes before saying fuck it and going home. A power wash would be amazing.
Dean cuffed both of them before pulling Cas’ beanie off and tugging the bandana off his face, Dean’s breath caught in his throat. He'd never been attracted to the whole
When they finally parked, Dean took one last deep breath and climbed out of his car. “If I don’t get laid tonight, I’m never coming out again. I could have rubbed two out just in the time it took to drive here and my hand treats me right,” he teased, earning himself a push.
Cas spat out a “
Carmen stopped him in the kitchen and pulled him into a kiss, her purse in her hand. "He'll be here in five, go put your blindfold on."
“Oh. I umm… I do have a preference, actually, but I think I'll sit it out this year. Can I raincheck for next year once I get to know everyone?”
“Uh... I’m starvin’.” Dean rubs his belly and then snaps his fingers excitedly. “Biggersons. But, not in our time. Maybe the 90’s? Back when they weren’t trying to be healthy and shit.”
Dean walked back over to lift his gaze. “And you have been loyal to me?” He narrowed his eyes, searching Cas’ soul for a lie.
He sucks him in, and Cas doesn’t last long at all before he’s letting go and filling his mouth with a relieved sigh.
Didn’t he?
“Take off your damn clothes.
“So, I have this feelin’ you’re avoidin’ me… which can’t possibly be right… right?” Dean’s voice nearly made Cas jump out of his skin. He looked around, just then realizing he was in a part of the school he had no business being in, none of his classes were near this wing and he was already late to third period as is.
Dean hums a reply, his cock twitching between his knees and Cas can feel the moment his body goes pliant. His eyes flick up to Cas’, the green lost to lust-blown pupils and he gives Cas silent permission to take whatever he wants from him.
“Wait you didn’t even respond? What did he say?” With a frown on his face, Nick stared at Dean.
also laid awake at night, wondering what it would be like to finally give in and just have sex already? Either way, Cas knew the reason he was saying no to everyone else was because he needed to
him. He slid bloody hands slowly up Cas’ jeans and nipped his teeth playfully over the bulge. “You’re just like me, angel. That’s why. You’re mine, and you’re just like me.” He took his time unbuttoning Cas’ jeans and sliding them down. He
it. Dream Cas was also fucking him while wearing panties, and Dean decides to blurt that out before he can back down. “Cas...” he mumbles, nudging his sleepy face with his own. “Fuck me in your panties, baby.” He ruts his boner against Cas’ thigh as his hand slides down to stroke him.
got his point across.
Cas squeezed until he wasn’t fighting back anymore and slumped over, hanging on to consciousness by a thread. “No sleeping yet, sweet David.” Castiel tsked and tied him up.
so he put her on the floor of his passenger seat and hoped for the best. Both Dean and the guinea pig made it safely to Dean’s apartment, and he set about the annoying task of setting up the cage, food, water and toys for the little gal.
He walked in to look around, pretending he’s interested in a tattoo, only to find out Meg is off that day. She is probably with Cas but at least he can come back tomorrow and try again. If appointments didn’t require a downpayment he would have made one for good measure but he doesn’t want to pay and he sure doesn’t want to look like a cop.
prize. In a few quick movements that still took too long, he was bending his angel over the side of the bed and fingering him roughly. “Fuck, why didn’t you tell me you liked blood so much? We could’ve been doing this a long time ago.”
“Why do you think that?” Dean couldn’t find it in himself to beat around the bush right then.
Dean shrugs. “I dunno... when I’m pissed.”
call me daddy. You moan some
Cas sits up in his bed, his hair more fucked than Dean’s back. “I told you to take the bed.”
“Well, I was supposed to, he picked it and then didn’t stick to it. He’s older and he paid me double for losing control but I decided I'd never go back.” He wanted to explain why, to tell Dean he was searching for anything to make him feel half as good as Dean did. But he didn't know how. “No one does it like you.”
A deep, almost growling voice answered. “Hello?”
before, and make sure your skin doesn’t touch anything else until we’re outta here.” He followed his own instructions and then went over to strip the bed, balling the come-stained sheets up.
for the community, but it’s normally something stupid. They were either about to be painting over the taggings
“Yup, three slices.” Dean took another bite, unable to fight his smile.
“Yeah... we can do that again sometime... if you wanted.” He chuckles and buries his face in Cas’ hair. “Cause I sure do.”
report at 5:23pm. With a sigh, he dialed his boss’ phone number to deliver the bad news. “I’m sorry Mr. MacLeod. It seems I won’t be able to submit the reports this week. My internet went out and I am… in no condition to drive. They won’t be able to fix it until Monday morning.”
a complex.” Nick joked looking back at Cas. “Do you see how he is like
“Sounds good to me, baby.”
“Me too.”
“I uh…” Dean swallowed thickly, clearing his throat and trying to sound like a man again instead of someone fighting back tears. “I got her food and stuff, too… it’s over there.”
Cas nodded, leaned to kiss him properly. “I would like that very much, yes.” Dean deepened the kiss, running his hand down to grip Cas’ hip as he slid his tongue into his mouth, and Cas melted into him. Knowing he wasn’t ready to go all the way, but also knowing he sure didn’t want this to stop.
Nick was the calm one out of the brothers. His temper has gotten him into trouble in his early life and now that he was older it took a lot to get him there. Now it was his job to help his little brother pull it together.
going to school today.
He blushes when he meets Cas’ eyes, and before she can say anything else embarrassing, Dean turns and lifts her up by her thighs and carries her toward the rooms. “See ya in the morning, Cas.”
Dean shakes his head with a laugh and kisses again, lifting Cas up off the floor again and laying him back. The dildo sits on the bed next to them, but Dean’s first concern is getting himself inside of him.
Return of the Jedi was on, and although Cas preferred A New Hope, he was happy it was at least one from the best set. “Too bad I don’t have popcorn.” He mumbled to himself.
gut instinct he had by not killing Jesse right there and taking Cas away. But his angel’s words cut through the voices and he reminded himself that Cas
Nick. From someone who
Sam taught Cas the Internet, which means Gabe and I got bored. At 3 a.m. every speaker in the bunker and every screen began Sam’s
Cas had to laugh. “It does huh? Sneaking anywhere and everywhere just for a blowjob.”
want Dean to do more to him than anyone else could. But he also didn’t want that grin to go away just yet, and when Dean became the devil, that grin was long gone. “I think we should get some food in you first, handsome. Let’s see how you do after that.”
Cas laughed. “Um, yeah you did. When you challenged me. How about I challenge
"You've been the best part of my life. I don't know who chose who, I'm just glad it happened." Dean slid a second finger into Cas and worked him open slowly, carefully, like he should've been doing the entire time. There would be enough pain in the hours to follow, they didn't need to choose it now. His lips ghosted over Cas' jaw and he marveled at the hard line of it, the way it dipped down into his throat and invited him in.
the officer asked.
be used to this, but the truth was, no matter how much men used him and his body, he
Dean turned on his heels and went to his room. He couldn’t be in the same room with Cas right now, he was still too tired and may just end up on the damn guy’s lap.
The kiss was slow and experimental but when Cas pulled away, Dean leaned forward for another and
Dean chose his next words carefully. “You were right, my dad
He rolled his eyes, palming over his erection that was quickly dying down. “I’m a guy, Carmen. Of course I still think about blowjobs. I just don’t get it, it ain’t like I don’t do it for you.”
“Roadhouse. Everything is good there too, you’ll have to try the steaks one day. The owners are basically family.” Dean took a bite and smiled. “All the pie is amazing there but that cherry is the best.”
The rest of the day was just as awkward.
Cas thinks. "Do we even want to know?"
Cas could tell Dean was fighting a smile.
angel. Got it?”
The thoughts have his stomach in knots, and he realizes he might not be ready for that just yet, but maybe soon. He can’t roll without pushing back against Cas a little, and when he does, Cas moans and ruts forward, making Dean’s wood twitch.
Dean nods while chewing on his lip. “Alright, so... you wanna pick the porn for us?” He scratches his head nervously, looking over to meet Cas’ eyes. “Is this... ‘yes homo’?”
It didn’t take much driving to find Nick since he just so happened to be making his way to Cas anyway.
“I’m telling mom.” Jo pointed at him as she walked behind the bar, “We only have apple and cherry right now, which ones?”
“Cas, that’s stupid. I’m just going down the damn road, I’ve made the trip a dozen times.”
Nick shook his head, “It doesn’t matter, I don’t care if you guys did or didn’t do anything. I just want to know that he is alive.” Dean saw the worry in Nick’s eyes and wondered how he would feel if he thought something had happened to Sam. He
Cas cleared his throat. “Do you want to try?”
Dean catches him, pressing down on top of him — and one glance to the right paints a pretty clear picture that Jask and Ares are already fucking.
“Wanna talk about it?”
For some reason, Cas’ mind took a very dirty turn at the prospect of things that could fit in Dean’s mouth, which was... bizarre.
“Ghost your fingers along your pubic area, and make your way to your balls. Don’t touch that cock yet.”
Cas searches his eyes for the lie and comes up short. He’s far from perfect, but he appreciates the compliment all the same.
wanted to play.
take no for an answer. He pulled out Dean’s throbbing cock and slid it down his throat before Dean could react.
His friend looked at him with no judgement or sympathy. “Does he want to do it again?”
“I left my session with Hannah, and you know there is a coffee shop across the street? Well he was there, with what I assume was a date but he definitely
“Good.” Cas slid Dean into his mouth and started sucking happily. This was progress, Dean actually gave up some control which in turn helped some of the insecurities Cas felt since last night.
“Fuck... I... fine.” He buried his face in the pillow and tried to relax.
to fuck off, just to hold on to control a little longer, but the second Dean’s fingers gripped his waist he was brought back to that night. Images of Dean pounding his ass clouded his mind and he spoke before even giving it a second thought. “Fuck off, Nick. I’m taken.”
No matter how many times it happens, Cas won't ever get used to the feeling of Dean coming inside of him — and he doesn't want to, either. He breathes heavily as he kisses over Dean’s jaw. “Should I wear a plug to our wedding so we can sneak away?”
Michael was still checking him out, “Would you like me to make you lunch?” He asked.
“Confessions, huh?” Dean bit his bottom lip, contemplating what to say. “Okay, and I guess it’s only fair to offer kinda the same. I don’t have a confession, but you can ask me any questions you wanna ask and I gotta tell the truth.”
“Dunno, maybe a thousand?” Dean smiled at Cas’ face.
Castiel clicked their plastic cups together and forced a smile. “Thank you, Dean. I’d hoped you’d choose another color. See you inside.” He turned and entered the house, leaving Dean completely confused.
Cas rolled his eyes and decided to fuck with Dean more. “Normally pigs disgust me but you are
wasn’t on television, because
He taps Cas’ hat and bites his bottom lip in a way that’s so endearing Cas nearly forgets that he’d just hit on every single person in the room.
what either of them were thinking, but it was almost as if everything disappeared. The moment passed as quickly as it began when Cas cleared his throat and looked down again. “We’ll get the peanut butter ones as a snack, deal?”
before but that was something he’d have to think about later. It definitely didn’t help when Cas flashed him a smile and don’t get Dean started on those blue eyes. How this guy managed to rock both an eyebrow
Cas was shaking underneath him, but Dean instinctively knew it wasn’t because he wanted him to stop. Cas would tell him if that was the case, and he’d listen instantaneously. His palms glanced over both of Cas’ triceps and slid down the toned muscles of his back until he was cupping and squeezing his incredible ass. Cas turned his head, a quiet whine filling Dean’s ears. “Why?”
Strong arms pin them together as they travel back in time to that day, and when they land, Cas kisses him and heals the nausea before it has a chance to take hold. “Are you alright?”
“Roommates? Is that your way of saying you want to live together?” Cas tilted his head.
Dean grinned, much less feral than last time. He’d killed recently, he’d just felt a man’s jaw break under his fist and he was finally not imagining those blue eyes. “You hard for me already, Cas?”
He found a Meg Masters, working at a shop called
“Don’t need a crowd. It can just be us.”
to be good people, they were just fucking followers. Of course, the team still had some bad apples, but again, that was to be expected. It was high school after all.
Dean is writhing, gripping the sheets as though his life depends on it, like without them he might float away.
Dean chuckled darkly, stepping forward a little. “Depends on who you ask. I heard through the grapevine you’re a bit of a sadist, I wondered if I could hire you. What do ya say? Little two for one action?”
noise. “Stop being so hardheaded. Your back won’t survive another night on that couch I got on clearance.”
Cas slapped his hand, “Fuck you, I’ll never be someone’s bitch in jail.” Cas walked away to go get dressed for the day, he had some shopping to do before he could start his new mural.
it, but you’re gonna fucking lick it off me after.”
Dean kissed the lines of Cas’ jaw, the nape of his neck, the soft spot behind his ear - anywhere and everywhere he could reach as his lips desperately tried to memorize the way he tasted before it was too late and he was out of time. He was nearly flattened out on Cas now, their chests pressed together so closely that Cas barely had room to move.
Cas smiled, happy Dean trusted him. “Alright, see you later.” Cas took one last look at Dean and left.
He closed his eyes and rutted his erection against Cas’. “Awesome.”
Dean felt a chill.
so they can get back to their coffees in peace.” Cas puckered his lips in a bratty manner.
“You wanna know what I'm gonna do to him? Come watch. We'll see how strong your stomach really is.” He picked up Cas' shirt and threw it at him before turning on his heel and heading back down the two flights of stairs and back to his car.
Dean takes a deep breath and orders them both a burger, knowing he’s going to eat them both, and when she’s gone he turns back to Cas and starts singing
Dean flicked his tongue over one of the darkest bruises and stepped back, undressing himself as Cas did the same. Dean’s eyes landed on his angel just as Cas was about to take off a pair of blood red satin panties and he growled, slamming Cas against the wall and pinning his hands above his head. ”No. Those
The moment they're safely behind a closed door, Cas fists his hands at the bottom of Dean’s shirt and pulls it off. His eyes hungrily roam the lines of that gorgeous body, and he drops to his knees to kiss over the flushed skin. “Once isn't going to be enough, you know that, right?”
“The wedding isn't for another week, Dean,” Cas says fondly, and he's smiling so damn wide that when he tries to kiss Dean, it's almost all teeth. “You don't have to lay it on so thick, I've been in love with you since the day we met.”
is this?” His hands joined to grip the waistband and he tore the foul things right from Cas’ body. “What, you think because this has become a regular thing that you don’t need to dress up for me anymore?” He spit on his fingers and roughly stuffed Cas with two of them. “Keep fucking quiet.”
pain, he wasn’t the one that received it. His head snapped forward and he watched a single droplet of his own blood peek out from under Cas’ hand, and that was all she wrote. He came so forcefully he had to dig his shoulders against the cold wall just to brace himself, and some poor idiot took
Castiel rolled his eyes and ripped the page out, crumbling it with a glare. “Whole thing was shit anyway.”
His tone told Dean everything he needed to know about what this officer’s intentions were, and it was becoming harder and harder for Dean to not rip his throat out with his bare fucking hands.
“Fuck, Cas. You have no god damn idea how ready I am.” Dean pulled into the parking lot of an old, defunct steel mill and got out of his car. They already had gloves on, Dean was done being sloppy with his kills and they’d taken every precaution this time. He popped the trunk and saw the piece of shit was still out cold, and together, he and Cas hauled the man’s dead weight inside of the building.
“Okay...” He pulled on his panties and sat on the bed. “I just come from a broken family, high school was...
Dean filled up the tank once more and kept driving. The horizon was black, and he
Dean groaned, still pushing back onto Cas’ fingers. Cas took a moment to admire Dean’s beautiful body and the perfect freckles that peppered his back and ass. One day, he’d take his time with Dean, One day, he would learn every mark on this man’s body.
attracted to Castiel, if this was any other point in Dean’s life he wouldn’t have hesitated to fuck Cas. He just wanted
Castiel took his time, reading everything and not realizing Dean was watching him the entire time. “Okay so how does it work?” Cas asked, helping Dean relax slightly.
“You left
a normal circumstance, because this was not a normal man.
Charlie saw it all play out and attempted to talk about it once before Dean abruptly changed the subject. He was
“Castiel…” he tested it, and Cas had to pretend it didn’t make him want to bend Dean over the recliner he was sitting on. “I like it.” Dean blushed and scratched his head nervously. “I uh, like to be called… sweetheart and… baby. I dunno why, they just feel good to hear.”
You got that one chick to go on a date that
Dean stared at his phone confused,
off his mind. Dean hoped the name calling will magically help his brain realize how bad Cas is for him and he will move on. It doesn’t work, all he thinks about is Castiel’s fucking blue eyes.
Dean nodded slowly, apprehension on his face. “Okay, but... you should know, we might not ever be able to come back.”
Cas watched him walk over and sit on the couch, noticing he sat more towards the middle.
Cas smiled and kissed his lips softly, “Hi. We need to get out of this town, baby. I’ll get the shower going.”
“After what you just said, I’m picturing you on your knees with your pretty mouth wrapped around me, and I’m fucking my fist, slow and hard. I just added some lube, and fuck, with your noises in my ear… It all feels incredible. So fucking good, Dean.” Dean heard some shuffling, and then the slick sounds of wet flesh coming together. “Can you hear that, Dean?”
to explain it.
and you didn’t even fucking respond?!” Nick’s chest is rising and falling quickly from his anger. “Cool. So, my brother is probably dead in a fucking ditch right now. Thanks
It was Sam’s turn to mock Dean. “Very funny. There will be plenty of time for girls... eventually. I’m not in a hurry. You, however... you’re getting older by the day. If you don’t man up and tell Cas how you feel, you’ll have to do it leaning on a walker.”
It was Cas’ turn to close his eyes in pleasure, moaning loudly as Dean squeezed. He grunted as he came, unable to warn Dean before, painting Dean’s torso with his release.
Cas sighed and closed his sketchpad, tossing it aside. “Yes, I did it just for you, Nicolas. Don’t you have a job now?”
After they parted ways, Dean rushed over to Cas’ house, not even texting until he was parked outside.
“I’m great. Thank you for asking. Tell me about your week.” She crossed her hands and gave him her full attention. She never took notes, he always wondered how she remembered everything.
jocks are assholes.”
“Course. First party of senior year. Are
Dean had to grab the base of his cock and felt precome dripping profusely. There was a damp spot on his pants that he couldn’t care less about at that moment in time. He stared at the words on the screen in absolute disbelief.
“I get it,” Dean repeated. Once upon a time, he’d have actually done what Cas was thinking without hesitation... but it seemed the further Dean was pulled back into reality and faux normalcy, Cas was pushed farther from it. Like they were trading places.
“Yeah.” They don’t speak again for a while. They don’t have to.
Cas slaps his hand away, shaking his head because he can’t form the words to tell Dean that his cock is all he needs. He can feel the warm familiar feeling of release in his gut, he’s close, too close and there is no way he can hang on for Dean. His head swivels forward and he finally meets Dean’s eyes, the flame he sees sends him free falling over the cliff.
Apprehension spiked through Dean’s body as Cas stopped right in front of him, pinning him to the spot with those electric blue eyes. “Shoot.”
Dean doesn’t move, he’s happy Cas has the same desire he does but having to wait until next Christmas sounds like torture. That eyebrow has Dean wanting to drop to his knees right then and there, but before he can even respond with words, Lisa wraps her arms around him from behind and slides a hand in the front of his pants.
Wednesday rolled around and Dean was getting impatient, he was having a lot less fun fucking Carmen now and was looking forward to Sundays in a way he never did outside of football season. But as luck would have it, nothing ever seemed to go in Dean's favor, and Carmen told him that Cas wasn't gonna be able to make it that week. He tried to pay it off like it wasn't a big deal, but the disappointment washed over him and he bummed around the rest of the day.
And no, not the love you see on television.
“You should know better than to peek at a dude just waking up, Charlie. We can’t help it.” He unzipped the entry more and stepped out. His hair was tousled and he was wearing a white shirt and some R2D2 pajama pants with his hand blocking his crotch. “Gotta piss. Be back.” He shrugged on his backpack and made his way to the restrooms.
“Okay fine Mr. Officer.” When they reached the car, Cas turned around so he and Dean were face to face and for some reason, Dean didn’t move away. Cas licked his lips again, noticing how Dean’s eyes watched his tongue. “Just let me take care of you.” Cas whispered.
Dinner went on without a hitch, and to their surprise, Charlie offered to give Meg a ride home so Dean and Cas could have some alone time. Cas immediately responded with an
Cas stripped off his clothes and made his way to shower. “Come shower with me and I'll tell you.”
less than he expected. There was also another text.
an angel, sent to undo him. His finger clicked the button that would memorialize that moment forever, then he reached down and removed a condom from the pocket of his discarded jeans. He handed it to Cas. “Put it on me and then lay down on your back with your legs spread and in the air.”
“You got real wool, right?” He asked in a doubtful tone.
Castiel looked in the side mirror and saw at least three police vehicles behind them. All he could hope for was that there were none in front. If someone took the tires out of Baby, it was over. To be safe, Cas reached in the back and grabbed two blades, placing one in Dean’s hand and one in his own. “Together.”
Cas gazed at Dean and bit his lip. The thought of Dean scaring a man had Cas’ cock twitching and he did
Cas bent over to search for blue. “You sure they’re here?”
“Nah, Chuckles cut me off. I’m actually in bed right now.”
A tall man with long auburn hair walks in. He has red rings around his eyes and he stares at Dean as if no one else is in the room.
The senior camping trip was almost here, and Dean found himself getting more and more excited about it by the day. His dad went overboard with the camping supplies for him and Cole, but Dean was just happy John wasn’t one of the chaperoning parents.
Cas glanced at Dean so he’d know that was what the man made Cas call him.
Welcome to the End.
Cas, but at himself for doing anything to make his angel sound like that. For the third time, he felt the need to apologize but all he did was close his own eyes and try to force himself to sleep. Hopefully, things would be back to normal in the morning.
Cas groaned and continued staring into Dean’s eyes as he milked him. After Dean was completely empty and over sensitive, he pulled off and fixed Dean’s pants. “What did you have in mind?”
“Or, maybe you’re just biased. Doubt he’s gonna be lookin’ at anyone but you.” Dean turned and laid back down on the bed, the voices starting to get a little louder the way they always did when he was close to taking a victim - except there’d be no relief this time. This kill was
His chest deflated a little as he nodded.
get any ideas.” Dean got up and headed closer to the man but he still never turned around.
Cas’ eyes darted down to Dean’s mouth and he watched his tongue swipe across his perfect bottom lip. Cas didn’t want to fight it anymore so he leaned in, gently touching their lips together for the first time.
Dean stood up and made his way over, knowing Charlie was going to yell at him after but not caring.
“Jesus Christ.” Dean let out a broken, needy sound, and not one part of him cared. He pulled Cas into another kiss, chasing the taste of them together on his tongue.
After getting told Carmen hated the way he tasted, Dean had to admit that was a fucking turn on. He palmed himself, thankful she wasn’t facing him. “Right. And you’re sure you’re cool with this...?”
Dean Winchester.” The possessive edge to Cas’ voice caused a full body shudder. “I’d bury my tongue, fingers, and cock inside you, in that order.”
Dean held his breath and typed out his response.
“I’d break
Dean resisted the urge to roll his eyes. "Get down on your knees. Hands behind your head. Drop the cans." He motioned to Nick, "I've got your photo already."
“If you want my beanie, it’s yours. I run hot.” Dean pulled off his beanie and put it on Cas’ head for him. “There. Your nose is still pink though.” He tapped it and took a step back.
Dean was lingering in his unmarked cop car with the heater on, gazing out at the early morning sky. The town was typically quiet, especially now when the thieves and criminals had all gone to bed for the day. Dean wasn't looking for them though, he was looking for the taggers that ran these streets recently. To him, the art was kinda pretty,
“If I had a name like yours, I’d have lied about it. Not because it isn’t a cool name, but for that exact reason.” Dean got out and went inside the motel room, dropping his bag and pulling off his shirt.
“I think this has been our most productive session yet. Well done to both of you for opening up to me and each other. I’ll see you at the same time next week.”
When he turned the corner, Dean stopped in his tracks, staring at the painting, as it
“Yes. Any fucking day, yes.” Dean didn’t care how needy that sounded. “Or I can go there, I know you have Balt.”
Not the other goddamn way around.” Dean stopped at a red light, the words settling around him like a death sentence. That’s why all of this was happening, why he couldn’t let Cas go. They had something no two people had ever had before, and right as it was starting to take shape, Cas had left him.
“No problem, cher. And let’s
“Maybe he just isn’t interested?” Nick said doubtfully, causing Cas to laugh. “What? Not everyone wants you Cassie.”
Dean sat up and went to grab it, returning to his spot with a plop. “Got it.”
Cas wanted to “experiment” last night. Mistakes were made. I don’t give a shit how much you like bees. Honey does not belong in certain places. Especially when a certain archangel lets ants into your room. Anybody want an angel? Clearly, Gabriel is fucking broken. I’m about to tell Sam to give up the D just so that Sonofabitch leaves me alone.
Dean adjusted his weight and grinned like an idiot, shoving his shorts down and gripping his cock. “She never said it could only be once a week. You want it every day, take it every day.”
Ya’ll still with us? I promise, the burn is slow but worth it.
Cas groaned behind the briefs, but complied with Dean’s demand as best as he could. He didn’t want Dean to stop and he knew he would if Cas wasn’t a good boy. He planted his hands and let his man pound into him, not caring that the car was rocking enough for people to notice.
“Life?” Dean asks, trying to understand what Cas is saying.
Just the simple fact that you couldn’t kill me.” Cas touched his cheek, “Am I really the only one you couldn’t kill?”
He closes his eyes in anticipation of Dean pulling back. Blow jobs and frotting are one thing, but sex?
He reached forward and gripped Cas’ cock, stroking violently as he began to snap his hips in earnest. His thumb never left the gash on Cas’ leg, and he considered adding a matching one to the other. “You warned me you were a
“My mother died when I was four, so why don’t you go fuck yourself,
to fuck you now.”
Those small moments with Cas didn’t help Dean’s crush in the slightest, but he still couldn’t stay away. In fact, the crush got so ridiculous that Dean had to
the people to crush on? Really? I don’t care how damn blue his eyes are so don’t tell me about them again okay. Use your upstairs brain.”
like the fucking panties.”
He shrugged off the shirt and tossed it in the pile to burn.
spoke of it afterwards.
Ares loops his arm with Cas’, excited that they’re having their first double date in a while. “Think they’re dressed or did they both collectively forget about dinner?”
He hears Cas’ command in his mind to come for him right as he hits the edge, and that angelic throat opens to take him all the way.
“I didn’t. I just wanted to make up for your head injury.” He offered a smile and Dean took a huge bite, sitting back with a grin.
“Well no, I didn’t
Cas started cleaning Dean as he spoke. “His name is David. He has an abusive ex boyfriend who made him cut all ties with friends and family. He’s skittish, which means it will take a while but I know I could have him eating out of my hand soon.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Three? Who are you meeting?” Jo asked curiously before peeking her head in the kitchen and calling out the order.
Castiel saw red. At that moment, it wasn’t Dean grabbing him. It was every person in the entire fucking world that thought they could grab
If Dean didn’t figure out what and who he wanted soon, he was gonna go insane.
“You really think he’s going to?”
Nut scurried down to climb back into the cage and Cas latched it tight, then pulled Dean into a hug. “I love you.”
Dean chuckled darkly and kissed him again, then closed the Impala’s door and went around to get in. They drove back to the motel and once they were inside, Dean kicked his boots off. “So, tell me about our next little toy.”
Cas groaned happily, letting Dean bite on his neck possessively. “Show me this ass is
Finally, Dean blushed. “Uh... Dumbledore’s about to yell ‘Harry, did you put your name in the Goblet of Fire?’ Instead of asking calmly.”
“Sam might not make it for dinner. He was held up at work but he said he would get here as soon as he could, even if it was just for pie.”
Cas spoke up first. “Is Dean the one in your profile picture on Facebook?”
mouth off me, I — fuck.”
“‘Let’s? As in, me too?”
Dean sighed and rubbed his neck.
"I'll take care of it." Dean took a few moments to set up the washer and grinned, "Better stand back." He said, only giving Cas two seconds to move before blasting towards the wall and soaking Castiel’s pants.
the time? Yeah, maybe that wasn’t such a bad idea. “Not makin’ any promises on the whole
Just then, Mary walks in the kitchen with two filled brown bags, sliding them on the countertop. “Dean. There you are, honey. Did you sleep good?”
“Should I… leave, then? Give you two some space?” Cas asks, taking a step back from them with his drink held close to his chest.
Just as Cas opens his mouth to come up with yet another lie, Dean blurts out his truth. “We lied. About all of it. I don’t visit people’s graves... they creep me out and I hate them. We also weren’t friends before... well today, and when I was ten, I stole a candy bar from the corner market and I slipped it into my brother’s pocket when we got caught.” He exhales a deep breath and laughs nervously as he wipes some sweat from his forehead. “I feel better now.”
“Gross.” Cole teased and shoved at Dean. “Why are you slummin’ it with this mediocre wide receiver, Novak?”
“Duh. You weren’t exactly James Bond about it.” Dean made the mistake of glancing at Cas’ plump lips and licked his own without thinking.
Dean waited a couple of minutes before sliding off his chair and silently exiting the bar. He found Cas by the Impala and caged him against it. “I can’t say I’m a fan of you touching other people, even though I know why you’re doing it.” His hand slowly raised until it was wrapped around his angel’s throat. “Kiss me, before I do something we’re both gonna regret.”
Dean kneeled in front of Cas on the bed, taking a moment to appreciate the gorgeous arch of his back and the way the smooth material cupped his ass like it was a delicious, crimson present. He stroked his own cock in front of his angel’s face and brought his eyes down to it. “Want it?”
“Yeah. Numbers already programmed in there, under
Cas should've anticipated this, but he's unprepared all the same. “Um… there are other times,” he says lamely, scrambling for an appropriate answer. “He doesn't tell me what he wants.” A little proud of himself, he straightens up and continues, more confident this time. “He’ll ask me to make a decision, but no matter what I choose, he gets this
“Your generosity is appreciated,” Cas said, dryly. “How could I ever repay your extreme kindness?”
Cas had a passing thought that this dude was looking for a boyfriend and that was
him to take it and it was going to take a lot to fight it. He groaned and sat back, trying to adjust his semi without touching it too obviously.
“I should be asking you that. Took you long enough to call.”
“Wait... What did you mean by ‘yeah’? Did you... know?”
“Mhmm.” She crosses her legs and levels them with a look, trying hard to keep the amusement off her face. “Does one of you want to tell me what’s really going on here?”
Dean smiled at his phone, forgetting Sam was watching him.
Before this new life, Cas wouldn’t think twice about starting a fight in public and well, old habits die hard. Dean was about to be
Cas grinned and pushed him playfully. “Maybe I like the cold.”
Benny nodded. “Sure is, brotha. Time for you to get the hell outta dodge.” His tone gave away the playfulness of his words, and Dean lightly punched him in the shoulder.
Dean’s moans were sinful, and it was quite obvious he relished the burn. “Fuck yes! Shit... you’re big as hell, Cas... m’so fucking full.”
“You thought…?” Dean clicks his tongue and shakes a finger at him. “No, no, Castiel. No coming until I’m inside you.”
the drop. It didn’t happen often but it was as though he had no control of his emotions. Silent tears fell down his face as he continued to shake his head.
She ran her hands across his chest while Cas continued to work his cock. He slid off with an audible pop and dropped down to suck Dean’s balls. Cas didn’t hang there long though, and soon he was sliding his tongue back up the shaft, sucking Dean’s now fully hard cock back into his throat.
“Ready for that party tonight, Winchester?” Cole asked. They had been best friends since kindergarten, and even though Cole had been partying hard lately, Dean pushed aside his worries. He had faith his friend wouldn’t go too far over the ledge.
“Um how about two apple and one cherry?” Dean smiled widely as she boxed up the slices of pie. “See ya next time, Jo.”
He misses the fact that Lisa drew his name as he spoke to Cas, but she walks over to interrupt and grab Dean’s balls. “This is mine tonight, Dean. Told you I’d get your name again.” He tries not to look disappointed when he smiles down at her, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t.
no, this
friends and Dean was very clear he didn’t want a fuck buddy. Should Cas have tried the damn relationship thing?
commercial on a loop. If you ever see my brother, ask him how he manages his genital herpes.
Castiel was happy with Dean’s enthusiasm and was already a writhing mess by the time Dean slid inside him. “Fuck, your
Dean stroked his angel’s cock until he couldn’t hold back his own release anymore and pulled back, jerking himself roughly until he was marking that pretty little ass with his come.
by Led Zeppelin.
“Shit,” Cas whispers, sliding his hand around Dean’s body to palm him. Soft lips ghost over his skin. “Let me blow you.”
He smiled and slid in the opposing chair. “Nineteen... and define brat?” He tilted his head and placed his hands under his chin.
to his supervisor, but he didn’t catch a damn word she said. Knowing Dean was touching himself had Cas’ bursting at the seams.
just one last time.
“You got it,
“Do what you need to do, angel.” Dean stripped Eric down and flattened the blade against his chest, dragging it slowly until he cut off about a square inch of skin. Eric jerked awake and Dean smiled sinfully as the man screamed and bucked below him. Dean was heavier than he looked, and with the blood Eric had already lost... he didn’t stand a chance.
He laid on his bed awhile, wondering if he should have been different with Dean. He was very clear he didn’t want to be
“Yes.” Cas began carving the
“Then yeah, we’ll start there. Well, actually... we need to
Cas wanted to punch the guy for that.
Dean circled around to the front door and slammed his fist on the wood. “Open the
After a few rounds of beer pong, he was a whole damn bag of skittles too drunk to have anymore and he stumbled around the house, looking for Cas. He didn’t know why he was looking for Cas. He hadn’t seen him all night, but after their last party, he felt like hiding in the back room again, talking about nerdy shit. It was the most genuine fun he had in a long time.
Once again, Dean had butterflies as he walked up to their door.
Dean decided he’d had enough of his toy and reached his arm behind him, cutting Eric
“You’re welcome. Why didn't you come out tonight?” Dean asked curiously.
“Nah... say it again.” Dean grins cheekily and kisses his hip.
.” Dean grinned, hoping that would at least make Cas smile - something felt weird and he hated it.
It was actually a little hard not to just keep going. But, we hope you enjoyed this double-installment of our little quarantine orgy - or, as Celi would say, our "fuck fest to fluff fest". See you Tuesday, we're officially halfway through!
Cas did as told and watched Dean, his body trembling from adrenaline and the cold eerie draft the abandoned church naturally had. He tried to show Dean he was calm, that he was ready, but his eyes darted every inch of Dean’s face, giving away his nerves.
Cas huffed a laugh. “You’ve never submitted yourself before, huh?”
That was all Dean needed to reach down, getting his first feel of the mop of messy hair on top of Cas’ head. It was soft, like
Dean raised his eyebrows and hid his smile behind his plastic cup. “Maybe you should lose the shirt?”
Cas stands up, shivering a little from the come coating his body. He’s not sure he’s ever come that hard in his life, and absolutely refuses to look too closely at the fact that it was
He nods, then kneels between Dean’s legs. “Talk to me. Which position would you be most comfortable in?”
I know but I promise I can show you a good time if you let me,” he joked and took a drink.
to be oversensitive.
“Because you have awesome hair, duh.” Dean climbed on the jungle gym and kicked off some snow so they could sit on it. “You ever gonna tell me that tequila story, Cas?”
Cas doesn’t respond, he told Dean they wouldn’t talk about it, so he won’t.
“Have you?” Cas asked, after a few seconds of awkward silence.
“Hey, Chuckles…” He glanced at her friends, “sorry, I’m shit with names.”
“I love that you feel so protective and possessive over me. It makes me feel... special. For the first time in my life, someone cares for me, and I care for them. I care so much, that dying with you sounds like a fairytale ending to this shit show. As long as we’re together”
“Nah. Not too far back. How about June 19th 1972, Seattle, Washington?”
dude, specifically. He wasn't really sure he was ready to face that yet. "Wait, does
He had, a couple of times, but he wasn’t sure if Cas wanted to know that. “Not in awhile. Have you?”
Cas has had more than a few nights where he was used and tossed aside, those were easier than this.
The second Dean spots Cas, he grins and walks over, dusting snow from his hair and pulling him in for a tight hug. “Hi.”
Dean, but they couldn’t tell which.
“Just shut up and wait for the public defender.” Nick whispered and Cas rolled his eyes. “We’ll talk to the lawyer.” Nick said to end the matter.
.” Cas ignored Dean’s comment on
“Dude, your voice is fucking sex in itself.” He was blushing, but since they were here, “You ever… uh… talk someone off?”
What’s that saying? One step forward...
“You haven’t. He... already asked me to cheat, too.” She grins and goes back to making margaritas just as Lisa walks in and hugs them both.
Moral of the story: don’t ever come between Dean Winchester and pie. Don’t do it.
stood for.”
Cas didn’t believe Dean was hard top, he was definitely fucking with him but Dean
Cas chewed on the corner of his lip and smiled a little bit. “Actually, I was hoping we could just… go hang out in your room.” He pulled Dean toward the stairs without waiting for an answer and Dean went willingly.
Carmen slapped him across the face and snatched her phone. “I never want to see either of you again! Fucking sex fiends!” She turned and stormed towards the door. “If I have anything here, dump it!”
Cas said with a grin in a joking matter, but he actually meant it. “Honestly, no other lips will do.” He touched Dean’s with his thumb.
for your Angel.” Cas pulled at Dean’s pants, sucking and kissing on Dean’s back and ass.
He was suddenly acutely aware of the fact that they hadn’t seen, touched or kissed each other since Sunday evening and he needed
Dean hummed, rolling over to bite Cas’ neck. “Yeah. Woulda been better if you still had my dick in your mouth, but I’ll take what I can get.”
“Jes-us... Cas. Your hand’s... soft.” Dean groans, his hand moving to Cas’ hip with a bruising grip. “Shit, that’s awesome.”
He mouthed the word ‘fuck’ over and over as he closed his eyes and rocked his hips carefully, inching in little by little.
He had met his hot neighbor in passing a few times. Based on his clothes, he had to work in some type of auto shop or some type of hard labor, but that was about it. Cas had purposely kept to himself, not just because he was socially awkward, but because Dean was entirely too hot to be human.
David knew he still had bruises covering his body from his ex. They wouldn’t make him seem very attractive, and he was also still afraid of actually having sex again. But this man looked... kind. Like he’d understand, maybe even take it slow. “Would you mind if we just had drinks for tonight?”
excited.
Did someone order some fluff? Comin’ right up.
Meg had left the chain on so the most Dean could get inside the door was the tip of his boot. “Open the damn door, we know he’s here.”
Cas doesn’t respond for hours. Dean works the night shift tonight so he took the morning/afternoon to catch up on some tv, just as Dean is getting his uniform on, he hears the chime. He’d never admit the smile he had as he walked over to his phone.
“Dean?!” Charlie runs out from her room, instantly dropping to the floor in front of him. Charlie never judged him for breaking down, but he rarely lost this much control.
I actually like that the body count rises, it makes me feel important.” Cas had never mattered to anyone before and the fact that Dean would kill for him... there weren’t words to describe how
Dean goes to explain how they ran into each other but Nick jumps on the opportunity, “Friends-besties, actually.”
Cas groaned and bared his neck. “You’re right. Your cock in my mouth turns me on so much, Dean.” Cas continued to stroke himself, and Dean bit harder.
“Nothing, inside joke.”
friends, right? Or did it? Dean kinda hoped it did. He was intrigued by the disheveled, blue eyed, mystery boy, sue him. “You, uh… goin’ to the game?” Dean plopped down in the seat next to him with a groan, his entire body ached from that practice.
The air is thick in Cas' lungs as they wave goodbye to Cordelia and head out of her office. The second he sees that the hallway is deserted, he pushes Dean against the wall and kisses him again — already craving those lips.
Dean shifted in his seat and lowered his voice, his eyes glinting. “Cas, he’s right there. C’mon, it’s been
Jesse stepped into Cas’ face as he turned and kissed him, but Cas instantly backed away. “Hey man, I have a boyfriend. I was just being a friend.” He felt as though he just betrayed Dean. No one was allowed to kiss him but Dean.
Cas huffed a laugh. “Guess you’ll never know.” He
“Hey Cas, I-” Dean stopped when he saw Cas asleep on his couch and watched him a moment, thinking of how innocent he looked while sleeping but then realized Cas isn’t asleep, he’s fucking high. “Cas!” Dean nudged his leg with his foot and the amount of time it takes Cas to respond tells Dean all he needs to know. “Where the fuck are they?” Dean started looking in Cas’ pockets.
“Dunno. I mean, I can’t prove it. Plus he isn’t putting Cas in danger.” He took a sip and played with the label. “He just calls and hangs up when he answers.”
Nick frowned at him. That wasn’t a fair question, and his asshole brother knew that. “Of course not. Just wish you’d quit taking it out on me that you and that cop didn’t fuck, it’s not my fault.” Nick pushed off the table and dug into his pocket, pulling out a small wad of cash and tossing it on top of Cas’ closed sketch pad. “Buy yourself some new supplies, I’m gonna go to work.”
He nodded.
He instantly calls 911 and they’re there in minutes, rushing him away with nothing more than a hospital name to meet them at.
It was another photo.
“You mean, you’d come here if I needed you?” Dean asked curiously.
Dean pulled back, letting Cas turn around. He stood facing the cross, his weight shifted to his right foot. “On your knees.”
He entered Cas’ room a few times to “check on him” but Cas knew what that was. Michael wanted Cas to invite him to stay. They had their one on one and he had been gravitating to Cas more and more since, he had to figure out a way to explain that sex was all this was. It wasn’t that he didn’t like the guy. He was hot and the sex was
“No. It’s an expression, Dean.”
Cas slowly licks his lips as he bows his head in agreement. “But Dean, I should tell you something first. I don’t think I’ll be able to get through this without saying it, and I don’t want you to think I’m only saying it because I’m inside of you…
Oxy? And don’t lie, lies won't help him. If you had no clue, you would have looked inside the napkin but you didn’t because already knew.”
He rolled his hips and met each one of Cas’ thrusts, clenching around him and kissing him hard as he got closer and closer. Cas barreled into him one too many times and Dean tipped over, whimpering against Cas’ mouth as he spilled over his own stomach.
“No. Just took a half.” Cas lied and Dean took a seat next to Cas on the couch, it was obviously more than a half.
He got what he wanted, Bobby wasted no time opening a bottle of rot gut whiskey the second they got back to his cabin. The news was on in the background, Bobby always liked to stay informed… and it was a damn good thing, too. More and more reports were popping up about the virus that was spreading across the globe, and entire states were shutting down because of it.
He shook his head. “Nah, get some money. I got this. Did you get two phones?”
“Charlie… I missed it. I missed him.” His hands wrap around himself and he rocks back and forth, tears leaking from his swollen eyes. “Why is he gone… why him? He deserved to live… more than anyone. I can’t do this without him, Charlie. I can’t… I can’t.”
“Why, doesn’t Cas obey well enough for you?” she quips. “We both know I would’ve.”
did. Like his angel did.
thing was going to prove to be an issue here. He started the car and drove.
“I love you, Charlie, but we’ll get our awards when we get to Dean’s. We forfeit.”
Okay, so maybe Cas avoided Dean the following Monday morning. It wasn’t to be mean, that was never the intention, but he was fucking terrified.
Dean pulled his fingers out and clicked his tongue. “Guess I need to teach you patience all over again.” He picked the knife up from the bed and slid his thumb over the sharpened edge of the blade, the hint of a dangerous smirk playing at the corner of his mouth. He dragged the blade over the inside of Castiel's thigh, careful not to cut his artery and watched with lust blown eyes as the blood cascaded down to his groin. “Now be a good boy or I'll do it again, you understand?” He set the knife down and began stroking his own cock, punching out guttural moans at the sight.
It was like a dam breaking, that kiss. Dean had the nerve to moan into his mouth, his tongue pressing in and taking whatever it wanted. Cas pushed Dean back until his ass was flat on the couch and he swung his leg over, straddling Dean and gripping that strong, delicious chin in his hand.
“That’s bullshit, but whatever,” he muttered, tossing the phone down onto the bed next to him. Dean let out a sigh and sat up, stretching out until his back popped. That whole thing was a disaster and he wished he wouldn’t have even answered. He glanced toward the door and yelled, “Cas? You good?”
Eventually, Mr. Jones quit making noise. His body went limp under Cas, and Dean walked over, reaching out to touch his angel’s face. “You’re perfect, Castiel. Put it down, he won’t wake up for awhile.” He waited until Cas set aside the dildo and pulled him into a kiss, all heat and passion and bloodlust wrapped up into a single act. His cock throbbed between them and his hand slid to Cas’ throat, where he squeezed tightly as his tongue claimed his angel’s mouth.
Dean huffed a laugh against the back of his neck and then he repeated the steps. “Swing with your body and not your hands... if this was real... I guess your stance doesn’t really matter since it’s a game, huh?” Cas turned just in time to see his blush.
With a glance back at Dean in those impossibly tight pants, Cas lets out a breath.
“Absolutely. I’ll get them typed up and even hand them over with a chocolate bar.”
Charlie stuck her head in the door. “Um… why have you brought a rat into our house?”
“I hate her too.” Dean kisses Cas again and then pulls out painfully slowly. “I meant it, by the way. I’m not done with you yet.”
Cas slowly slid off and wrapped his hand around Dean’s cock. “You can touch me, if you want. But I do bite.” He lapped at the underside of his cock and swallowed him down again.
She laughs and pushes him back playfully. “I can... maybe cheat. But I swear on Hermione if you ever tell anyone I did this... you’ll be fucking Abby next year. Deal?”
“I have a corgi. Do you?”
“Ehh, why not? You got a better idea?” He pretends that voice didn’t just send a chill down his spine and stands straighter. “Or you can make me the bad guy, whatever’s easier. I’ve never cheated but I can fake it.”
Dean's eyes flashed with momentary panic at the implication, and then he pulled Castiel into a kiss. His hands slid inside of the leather jacket Cas was wearing and slowly worked their way around until he was nearly lifting Cas off of his feet, claiming his mouth the way he'd once claimed
Nick shrugged, “He was never officially diagnosed. My dad just told them he wouldn’t stop moving and they gave him pills to make him stop.”
.” Cas said softly just before the door closed behind Dean. Neither man could shake the smile on their faces.
He spread his legs and brought one hand down to lift Cas’ hip up, changing his angle enough that his cock bumped against his prostate. Cas moaned, a sound so low and sinful that Dean felt the effects through his entire body. He whined against Cas’ neck, the hand keeping him upright fisting so tightly in the sheets above their heads he thought for sure he’d rip them. The muscles in his lower back flexed as he worked to keep hitting that same spot, switching from a back-and-forth motion to rolling his hips until Cas was grunting and panting below him.
you.” Cas put the blade to David’s chest and slid it across his sternum, getting hard as the blood spilled down his torso. “Beautiful. You know, I pictured this while you told me about your boring accounting job. Pictured you just... like... this.” He slid a finger across the blood, acting as if he couldn’t hear David’s whines.
He groans and tosses his head back, his hips canting into the air. “Gonna come. Shi- unggggh.” Dean empties into his fist, his come much louder than the lube he was just using and Cas’ pupils blow at the sight.
Dean nearly tells them both that it’s all Cas’ fault he’s so spoiled, but instead, he opens the Snickers and takes a huge bite, holding it out to Cas’ closed mouth and sliding it across his lips. “C’mon, baby. Let me in... just the tip.”
He wants to taste it, touch it, suck Dean’s cock until he’s drained every drop — but he can’t. He whines quietly, and instantly, his mind replaces the lube on his own cock with Dean’s hot, thick come, and he gets so hard it’s almost painful. “Fuck... spread it around, Dean. Coat your cock with it.”
At school, sometimes Dean was sure Cas was avoiding him. But he never could avoid him during class so Dean would take that as an opportunity to get to know him. He’d start a conversation about anything and everything, and Cas would always oblige, but when they saw each other in the hallway or at lunch, Cas would only offer Dean a simple wave.
Dean’s eyes narrowed but he did nothing, reminding himself that he told Cas to do what felt right. He looked down at the douchenozzle still unconscious at his feet and reminded himself that soon, he’d be able to take his frustrations out on someone that deserved it.
He turned away and headed towards the driver’s side of his car. “Follow me.”
“Who the
He wondered if Cas was some psych major, analysing people for what color cup they chose.
Nick shook his head, "Absolutely not, Castiel. Don't even start. It’s a fucking cop!"
Cas gripped Dean’s hips and broke the kiss, spinning him around and bending him over the front of the couch. The moment Dean braced his hands on the back of it, Cas lifted one of Dean’s legs to the cushion and squatted down, burying his face in the fabric barely clinging to that perfect ass.
He rose to his feet. “Take off those panties before I ruin them. Go sit on the bed facing forward, I’ll be right back.” Dean disappeared out to the car and came back a few moments later with rope and handcuffs he’d gotten out of the trunk. He saw that Cas was naked, presenting himself exactly as Dean had asked. This did little to comfort Dean, however. The voices were louder than hell and he needed -
“Cas!” Dean calls from the couch. It’s football Sunday, so he doesn’t want to move until a commercial, but the nachos Cas made are absolutely the best nachos he’s ever had in his life. Therapy may have been a couple years ago, but they’ve still managed to use those skills in their relationship, and after some nachos like these, Castiel deserves some damn praise.
Dean considered this for a second and was startled to find that no, he didn’t feel that tug behind his navel telling him to leave. The voices that usually ruled his life were silent in the way they previously used to be after a kill - maybe all he needed was the proper combination of blood and good sex. Truth be told, he felt more normal at that moment than he had in years. He shook his head. “Nah, I brought you out here, least I could do is give you a ride back to the bar. I’m kinda hungry though, it’s up to you if I grab food before or after I drop you off.”
Dean’s heart did a stupid little skip as he nodded quickly, pointing at the word. “You asked me what your shirt would say. I could think of about a million words to describe you, but... yeah. I want this, you, all the time. You told me there was no one else, but I wanna keep it that way. No more blowin’ random people’s boyfriends.”
He sighed, heading toward homeroom with her. “I wasn’t aware that eating sweets like an animal was considered a skill, but... good for him. I suppose we all need to be good at something.” He grinned, setting the container down on his desk and looking around to see if there was anyone else he could give one to.
Dean turns back toward the therapist with a smile as he chews, his eyes dancing with amusement. “He loves me. You should write that down.”
“Dean…” He whispered back, realizing just then he wanted Dean to kiss even lower. He rutted into the air, hoping Dean would get the damn message. Cas could see the moment he understood and his eyes shot up to meet his.
I say dare. He smiles. Double shit. He says, “I dare you to go the rest of this quarantine without pie or beer.” I don’t think Lucifer ever left his body. It’s been two hours and I’m SOBER! Forget that Netflix series, THIS is how you make a murderer.
Cas laughed to himself. He was actually glad that his joke hadn’t clicked, he really shouldn’t test someone like Dean... or actually, just Dean. There was
It took all of him not to cry again and instead, he got up and took a shower, standing under the near scalding water and burning all his regrets off and washing them down the drain. Cas finally felt clean and more importantly he began to crave Dean’s touch. The thought that he may never feel Dean’s calloused, strong hands on his skin again was more than he could bear. He needed this, he needed,
“I’d gouge his fucking eyes out for even looking at you, and you’re asking me what I’d do if he
just as he felt Dean’s nails digging into his hips, he could do nothing more than slump forward, panting to catch his breath. How was it possible to have so much great sex? When Dean was inside him, the rest of the world ceased to exist. Cas felt himself slipping from consciousness with his face buried inside of Dean’s neck.
“I just didn’t want to let you down. I knew the Devil needed to play. And I’m okay with that. I just didn’t know how far you would have gone if I didn’t speak up. Would you have killed me?” Cas’ eyes locked with Dean’s.
“Dean, my light is yours. Without you, there is no light. I will do anything you say, but not that. We go down together.”
He leaned in and kissed Cas this time, throwing in enough passion to hopefully fill the blanks of what he wouldn’t say - that
Cas mouthed at his thumb and sucked it as his hips moved involuntarily in a small circle. “They bled for you, but they weren’t worthy of you.” He pulled off to say, but instantly sucked it back in.
control, they could try that someday.
“We’re tired, coach.” Danny spoke up, and for once, Dean didn’t want to punch him in the mouth.
He was kissed fiercely then, like Cas was certain that words would never be enough. Perfect, strong hands wound their way under Dean’s t-shirt and he shuddered at the feel of them. He wanted to take this slow, but the ache inside of him to have Cas fully was almost too much for him to bear. Dean pulled back from the kiss and kneeled up, crossing his arms by his waist to unhurriedly ease the piece of clothing over his head.
can make sure he doesn’t fucking die in my goddamn guest room.” Dean stated through gritted teeth as he paced his living room, torn between throwing his phone and actually running across town just to punch Danny. “And you’re a
from the budding soreness in his ass. "Be lucky if we make it in the door, honestly."
Dean walked up with a frown, “Hey Dean, this is Castiel.” She made a face like it’s some
Sam waited and watched, knowing when he needed to be quiet. This wasn’t his first client to have a temper.
Cas shrugged again, “Never needed one, everything is walking distance here.”
for him. “Stand.” Cas stood and Dean instantly gripped his ass and slammed their mouths together as he carried him to the bed.
We promise... the burn is almost over and soon it'll be a raging ass fire. PROMISE.
“Aw, so we slept together? Cute.” Cas smirks, even first thing in the morning, he's an ass.
worked its way through to his brain, his cock was giving a pathetic twitch between his legs. He remembered the taste of Castiel’s blood from earlier and pushed away from him, the memory calming him for a moment as he started gathering his things, not trusting himself to speak.
. Dean waited a few moments before the door finally opened.
“You didn’t actually think this would change anything, did you?” John caught Dean by surprise again, but he was happy he did.
Balt leaned against the wall and frowned. “Two questions. Have you talked to him, and is it just sex?”
Cas opened the box and a huge grin broke out on his face, inside, was a stuffed bee. “Dean.” He pulled it out and hugged it. “I love it.”
“Sounds good. I’ll bring my appetite for the... pie.”
Nick rolled his eyes, “Who doesn’t like burgers, Dean?”
I wanted to make them from scratch in the morning. I wouldn’t have had time to grade today so I stayed up later than normal.” He shrugged slightly and handed one to Dean.
Cas chuckled and leaned his forehead against the door. “I love the way your fingers feel inside me but I need your cock, Dean.”
By the time Dean spoke, Cas’ cock was rock hard. Watching his devil punch someone in the face had him so turned on he wanted Dean to fuck him right here against the wall.
his devil - to want to stay? He sunk down lower in the seat, pressing his forehead against the cool glass of the window and in unsuccessful attempt to ground himself. He was dropping, and he knew it.
Dean laughed quietly. “Cas, the fact that
Cas was panting by the time he pulled back, his eyes darker than normal. “I want it, Dean. Want you. For real.”
“Fucking David’s boyfriend showed up and punched me in the face. So we fought. In fucking public.” Cas ran a hand through his hair. “Fuck, what do I do?!” He looked around nervously.
“I don’t care. I’m coming.” Cas pulled on his shoes quickly and followed Dean to the car. The last thing they needed was to be apart.
Dean saved his contact info with a grin.
Dean laughed in spite of himself, “No Cas.
Cas was completely inside his own mind the rest of the day, not saying another word to anyone. All he could think about was the wall. Nick walked over to Dean when they had a few minutes left. “So, that was nice of you. Is there an angle?” Nick asked, even though he felt like Dean was a genuine guy. Too many people think they can use street kids for sex. He didn’t want Cas doing that...
The night of his eighteenth birthday, he went to his first gay bar, sucked his first dick and never looked back.
“Hell, even
“Yeah, angel. I’m good.” Dean smiled and kissed his wrist. “Promise.”
Dean took a shuddering breath as he held out his hand with his fingers splayed wide, and Cas only hesitated a moment before taking it. “Okay, Cas. Part of me wants to tell you not to press charges just so I can murder that son of a bitch myself, but I realize this needs to be your choice. I’ve got your back, no matter what you choose to do.”
“Traumatic? M’fine, Cas. People all over have it way worse than me.”
“Awesome. I’ll make the appointment and send over the deets. Talk soon, Bumblebee.”
Who the fuck invited Gabriel to spend the quarantine here?? He just photoshopped my face on a duck’s body and I’m clearly not understanding the damn joke here.
fuck him.
When Dean woke up the following morning, Cas’ arm was draped over his stomach and a little puddle of drool was forming on his chest. Dean cracked a smile as he looked down, not upset in the slightest. Maybe Cas
a damn nut, Dean.” Charlie smiled, getting off the couch. “It’s fine, I’ll be in my bedroom, making no noise and pretending like I don’t exist.”
I woke up to weird noises coming from Sam’s room. Like a moose and a rabid wombat fighting over a scrap of jelly toast. Pretty sure I’ll need therapy now.
Dean paused, “Uh, no. He’s in the shower. You should call or at least text. Let him know you haven’t forgot him.”
Cas kisses him again, then wraps his arms around him. “Yes. Absolutely yes, I will go on a date with you.”
Round two anyone?
“I kinda already did.” Carmen paused, looking a little sheepish. “I even made my nail appointment.”
That was, until Michael decided to pop up out of nowhere like a damn whack-a-mole. Cas had gotten a few calls from a blocked number and he was convinced it
He jumps out of bed, darting to see the sunrise he knows has passed. When he sees the bright sun already shining, he falls to his knees, sobbing as if he lost Cas all over again. And it feels like he did. Those sunrises are one of the few things he will always have of Cas, but not today. Today, he has to spend the rest of the day without that tiny piece of comfort Cas gives him each and every day, that comfort that is the only reason he gets out of bed anymore.
it, Cas! I grit my fucking teeth and I let it happen because we
Dean let him go, giving him space. He ran it over in his mind trying to figure out where he’d gone wrong. Was it the knife? The handcuffs? The rope? Was it just...
was the afterglow. Most bottoms loved it, most
angel.”
“Absofrigginlutely!” Dean grabs his hand and kisses it. “This is amazing, Cas. Seriously... you’re awesome.” He can’t help but beam at the angel, his heart swelling in his chest, and he pushes down the urge to ride him right here in this restaurant.
With careful movements, he slid Cas’ boxers down and planted a delicate kiss to Cas’ hipbone where the elastic had created little grooves in his skin. He stayed there, coaxing the calloused expanse of his hand down Cas’ thick thigh and guiding his leg to wrap around him.
“Same. I almost commented on how I love all species, but felt that was just creepy and I’m much too tired for that conversation.” Cas scooted in and cuddled close, and Dean lifted his arm to make room.
Blood oozed into Castiel’s mouth and he sat back up, bouncing on Dean’s cock with his blood dripping down his chin.
She looked down at her plate. “You have. And I know how much you love touching my ass.” She sighed. “I really don’t want to, I’m sorry.”
Carry on!
at him. The wall was covered in beautiful abstract colors and in the center was a giant green eye. Cas even somehow managed to make it look glossy and realistic. Dean snapped pictures from various angles on both his cell and his Nikon camera before sitting down on the ground to marvel at it.
For a moment, nothing happened. Dean was beginning to think he wasn’t going to answer, but then the door swung open and he was met with a douchey looking guy with a shiner.
Dean read it a couple times and did a gallic shrug.
Just that brief gesture must have had Cas already wanting it more, because the second the door closed behind them, Cas turned to kiss Dean properly. Dean couldn’t help but smile at Cas’ enthusiasm, he wrapped his hand around him and squeezed his ass as Cas deepened the kiss.
(See the end of the chapter for
of Cas… was starting to change that.
. Cas slid out and then slammed back in. “Yes baby just like that. Make me feel it.” Cas started pounding into him, tuning out all the guy’s,
Cas was... different. In a good way. He wasn’t like most people Dean had always surrounded himself with and it was probably his favorite thing about him. Those hours flew by and if Cas didn’t have to get up in the morning for work, they probably would have talked even longer. But as it was, they had to say goodbye for the night.
Cas flinched away from Dean’s booming yell. “I’m sorry! But I hated seeing her touch you, she touched what’s
would break the silence last week, but that failed as well. Cas decided enough was enough, and walked by, grabbed Dean’s cup and scribbled a quick “I’ll” on the cup before the name and handed it back with a wink.
“Yeah. You have healing kisses, babe.” Dean takes a deep breath and sees a group of people walking down the city streets. “Let’s follow them.”
all you were able to do.
trials, and those almost killed him. The guy’s friggin surrounded by mooses… is mooses correct? Meeses? No, not that. You know what I mean. Multiple damn moose toys.
Cas nodded and stood aside. As much as he liked doing this, especially because he was a bad person, he knew Dean needed this more. “Have fun love. I want to watch.”
With one long shared look, all of her questions are answered. They’re happy, happier than most couples she sees on a daily basis, and if they’ve made it this far and still look at each other like that… well they’ve got absolutely nothing to worry about.
All Dean could do was moan. Every inch of his body was awake and focused entirely on Cas, and he felt like if he didn’t get more of him soon, he’d fucking explode. He lifted his hips a little and rolled them in a circle, bringing his hands over top of his head to grip the pillow. “Yeah. Yep. Yes, fucking want you.”
Cas nodded and took Dean’s hand. “Okay.” He looked back out the window; he didn’t like feeling guilt. But next time... would be easier. He decided he would make them tell him the worst thing they did to make him feel better about it.
Cas couldn’t think about anything but the blood and before he realized what he was doing, he pulled off of Dean’s spent cock and licked his wound, staring up at his devil’s reaction. He didn’t hear anyone enter the bathroom, all he could hear, see, taste and breathe, was
“Shit...” He arched his back and bent his legs, again fighting the urge to reach down and run his fingers through Cas’ hair. “Feels good.”
” Dean asked, trying to understand. “Does Cas have ADHD?”
“I sensed you were... figuring stuff out. About your sexuality.”
“Skittles.” Dean smiled in a way that showed he was proud of himself.
. Dean took a chance and drove over as soon as his shift ended.
Dean tosses his head back with a laugh and holds out his drink. “You got good taste.”
"I'll do it again, too," Cas threatens with a laugh.
bit of a blood kink. Sometimes it’s quick and they hardly bleed at all. Other times…” He let his eyes wander over the room. “Other times, it’s worse than this.” Dean nodded toward the bag he’d brought in. “Pack that thing back up. Put the sheets in there too, if they’ll fit and take everything out to the car. Pop the trunk, open the spare tire hatch and drop the bag in there.”
Cas shoved Dean off and turned to walk further into the parking lot.
Cas would have smiled if he could, but Dean is his throat kept that from happening, so he groaned at the praise, humming on Dean’s cock.
He wanted more and he wanted to be the cause. “Can I try?” Cas took a step forward and kneeled down.
“Not too many yet. I had a big dinner.” He chugged some more and then set the cup down. “How about you? Wanna skip this game and get to that confession?”
hate. “I know better than all of you. And this isn’t mandatory, Cas. If you don’t like who I paired you with, you don’t have to sleep with them. We still like consent, y’know.”
conquest. Must have worked out for him because within thirty minutes he was gone.
“Right back at you.” And he meant it. Cas was anything
“Y yo a ti, Cas.” Dean chuckles, and nips Cas’ bottom lip. “See, online Spanish is stickin’ around.”
