Dean jolted awake when the Bunker door clanged shut. He jumped up and reached for the gun strapped under the coffee table.
“Cas?” Dean said again, a small swell of desperation in his voice he didn’t care for. He was being reckless and stupid. He knew it but he couldn’t walk away without knowing. What if it was Cas and he was hurt? “Cas!” Dean whisper-shouted, not wanting to draw too much attention from anyone else.
Dean turned to face Cas and leaned their foreheads together before laying a nervous, soft kiss on his lips before quickly pulling away. “Happy New Year,” he repeated softly.
“Happy Birthday, Cas. I guess I’ll, uh, see you in the morning?” Dean went to stand but Cas reached out and grabbed his wrist, looking up at him from the bed.
“Sure…” Cas said absently but then turned as he felt the silence lengthen. “Dean, would you be upset if I wanted to go home?”
say, Dean?” Dean’s face hardened and he looked down at the cheap hotel carpet while Cas’ face hardened in a different way.
“She beat him and stabbed him many times with the Angel blade then just as she raised her blade to land the killing blow…many of the new choir rose up and stormed the group. It was quite dramatic…” Debriel added when Castiel didn’t seem keen to elaborate.
The car’s tires crunched under the white rock of the gravel parking lot. Dean pulled in and put the car in park before looking over at Castiel. He’d seemed to increase in pain the closer they got to the meeting location. Cas gritted his teeth behind closed lips, making the muscles in his jaw pop. He turned the key in the ignition and the sudden silence was almost tangible. It was hard to believe that Cas was being all but deafened by a sound he couldn’t hear. They both opened their doors, though Castiel wasn’t as steady on his feet as Dean would have liked. They met at the front of the car and looked around. The park was empty at this time of night, but Cas walked forward with purpose.
Cas ran his pointer finger softly over Dean’s jaw line. “I'm sorry I startled you. You didn’t seem to mind me being next to you while you slept though. You seemed very relaxed for a while. It was nice to see.”
“Hey, there. That whiskey didn’t do anything to you. Why give it that look? That’s my best stuff.” The female bartender smiled at Dean. She was wearing a sleeveless, black tank top with visible tattoos, and her smile was warm and friendly. Her dark red hair was pulled back in a messy bun that had become messier as the activity of the night had gone on. She was pretty, he admitted to himself, but he was definitely not in the mood for that either.
Chuck smiled as he finished writing and kept his back to Castiel. “Are you? I’m not. It’s obviously the influence of the Winchesters on your personality, but how is what I don’t understand…” and he again twirled forward on his stool. “How did you develop free will when I didn’t give it to you? And do I give it to the new Angels? I just don’t know what to do…I used to be so sure of myself…but there are so many consequences…”
pie. That Dutch apple right there is gonna be all mine, but what about you? They’ve got these little dessert cakes or we could grab a dozen cupcakes. Chocolate, Vanilla, Red Velvet. What’s your poison?”
“Cas…I…” Dean stuttered out when Castiel pulled his underwear down to expose him fully. Castiel frozen and looked up at him, those deep blue eyes looking up at him through dark lashes. A ragged breath caught in Dean’s throat and his mouth went dry at the sight.
Castiel gritted his teeth and his hands clenched into fist at his side. Not pointing a finger…Right.  “I am not to blame for what had to be done to prevent the complete destruction of Earth. If there had been proper leadership….” He began, his eyes narrowed dangerously as he tried to gauge her next move.
Cas' sleepy shrug barely moved the comforter as he tucked it over his shoulder. “Maybe I am. You sure you’re okay to stay? You don’t have to.”
Keeping that in mind, Cas pulled Dean close by putting his own hands at the small of his back. His lips found Deans, and they kissed. It was soft at first but the longer it went, the more intense it became. They had been apart for six months this time, and never alone this way ever. Castiel had been surrounded by young Angels who knew nothing of love or passion. Passion. That was a word he’d never found to use before. He understood it now. It was a deep, burning feeling dancing in his gut. His face felt flush and his skin burned wherever Dean touched him. All those things seemed ridiculous and impossible, but so many things seemed possible now. Dean’s teeth nipped at his lips, coaxing them open. Cas shivered as the kiss deepened, their tongues dancing against one another. Dean’s hands slid out from his shirt and began making short work of his buttons. Cas thought to do the same but came up short when Dean slid his shirt from the shoulders and broke the kiss abruptly.
“Wait, you killed a Nephilim?” Jack said with a confused frown. Cas cast his eyes at the floor in remembered shame and Dean frowned before clearing his throat in Jack's general direction.
“Wait…you almost died and you’re just now telling me? Why didn’t mom tell me?” Sam’s brows furrowed and his jaw flexed in barely contained frustration.
“Get clean and dressed quickly. We have a table reserved for us downstairs. Chuck has requested our presence for dinner..." Castiel said as his shoulders slouched and he headed to the closet without another word, his body radiating dread. It took Dean's mind a moment to catch up to what he'd said and his mouth dropped open. Oh. God wanted to have dinner with them...Well, this couldn't end well.
Dean threw his head back, laughing as he cupped Cas’ face in his left hand and looked over at him. “Well, I’d say that interest has paid off for both of us,” and he leaned in to kiss Cas’ lips.
“I told you that this design was pure speculation on my part…but I felt you had had lived enough of your life confined by walls and barriers. You had to have those walls to protect you, but you need no such protection here, Dean.”
“One Angel did this?” Dean said as he slowly made his way to the side of the bed nearest the wall, taking a small evaluation of the other bodies in the room as he went.
“Hold on. I’m not finished.” Cas closed his mouth immediately and nodded. “I have the most reason to have a problem with this…but I guess…I kinda don’t. Yeah, it gives me the heebie-jeebies but it’s gross just because we just caught you two old dudes hooking up in the backseat of a car like teenagers, not so much because you look like my dad…”
Castiel shook his head slowly, his eyes wary, but sadness overriding his anger now. “I’m sorry you could only see value in what I was. An Angel is what I was, not who I was. I had to explain that to Dean too. Can you seriously not still see me in here? It’s still me…” He pressed his hand to his chest and she stepped closer, locking eyes with him.
Dean stayed pressed against the passenger seat until Mary sighed and tapped her foot impatiently. “Dean.” He winced and sighed and he stepped to the side, rubbing the back of his neck. Mary grabbed the handle of the door and began to speak as she opened it. “Listen, sweetheart, now’s not the best…time...for...” Cas sat in the back seat, his eyes to the ceiling of the car and his hands folded in his lap, the picture of someone praying for a very different outcome. “
Chuck waived his hand to the side in a dismissive gesture. “Eh. It’s no big deal. I still answer a prayer or two. Well, let’s get to it,” Chuck said as he rubbed his hands together then cracked his knuckles. Castiel tilted his head to the side, slightly taken about by the suddenness of the topic change and the previous events with Dean.  “Angels. At your core, you are basically just waves of celestial intent shaped into the Angelic forms I design. That’s easy enough for me to do, but we don’t want another Zachariah problem for sure….” Chuck said as he chewed on his lower lip and tapped his pencil on the paper. Castiel could not argue that point. They sat in silence for a moment before Castiel mustered up his first ideas.
Cas….Dean thought in his head and his stomach tightened almost painfully. I’m sorry, Cas. I’m so sorry….
Chuck was quiet a moment, watching the two of them in quiet consideration. “I didn’t plan this you know…I know you two think I take this lightly…but I don’t. I did make sure he was the one who rescued you from Hell, that’s true…but I didn’t see this coming.”
“What?” Cas said as he cocked his head to the side with confusion, mirroring his own version of Dean's grin.
“Actually, yes,” Castiel said as he stepped into the room. Dean gestured for him to close the door and he complied.
“Cas…” He felt Dean’s hand on his thigh, and he blinked back the sudden tears he’d not summoned but had shown up on their own anyway. “Look at me,” commanded Dean’s very serious tone and Cas turned as he took a deep breath. Dean’s face was serious as he gently gripped his chin in his hand. “We’re together now. Human or Angel. Your importance to me has nothing to do with your usefulness to me, never has and never will…but if you want me to train you to be a hunter as a human, I will. You do it because you want to, though, not because you think you have to. Okay?”
So sorry for the delay in the last chapter. My children, husband, and I have Covid...but I was determined to finish this in 2020. If interested in the sequel (would NOT get strung out this long), please let me know. The sequel, from what is written, has witches, memory loss...and a Sammy love interest ;)
Cas slowly drug his eyes over to her, his eyes wide and the hickey right above the line of his tie damning evidence as Mary stared at him. “Hello, Mary. Jody. Claire...”
“No..no..Chuck, not the….the other thing…” Chuck said with a dismissing wave of his hand. “And please, no grand gestures or bowing or any of that stuff. It makes me uncomfortable.”
As night fell and the lamps lit the bedroom with a warm amber light, Dean looked up at the head of the bed and sheepishly looked back at Cas. “One more question about what’s allowed in Heaven is probably prudent…”
Sam shook his head with feeling. “You don’t understand, mom. Cas is….” Sam began but Jack interrupted abruptly.
no girl, Mary,” Jody said from behind her. Dean looked to Jody who only lifted one eyebrow and smirked at him with a now
The room was silent a beat before Dean growled out, “You didn’t finish the story. You left out the part where you were desperate enough for help that you let a random woman take you home. Said woman then had sex with you and tortured you. Then she killed you in front of us the next day. Don’t leave it out on my account…” The uncomfortable silence in the room was deafening before Mary shifted her seat on the couch, leaning her elbows on her knees.
Castiel’s face reflected his torn feelings on the subject. “I can’t leave Heaven helpless. I was the last warrior Heaven had. The remaining original Angels are bureaucrats, paper pushers. Heaven cannot be left defenseless when I return.”
Aberia huffed in annoyance at Cas' distraction and he pulled his eyes back up to the otherwise oblivious group and gave thought to what Dean had said. “That is true, which gives us a weakness we can exploit, but be assured she will search any and all weakness she can within our ranks as well.” Castiel looked around the room as he said it but his free hand tightened on the wood of the chair, leaving small indentations in the wood. As much as he knew he would not be able to make the Winchesters sit the fight out, he knew Naomi would use his human family against him, much as the others had before her. In his mind, he knew they could handle themselves but he would give anything to keep them out of this very personal fray.
“Forced? Of course not. He has a choice,” Chuck said a calm shrug, letting his gaze fall upon Cas again. He studied him a moment as he folded his hands one on top of the other on the tabletop. “You do have a choice, Castiel.” Cas studied the tabletop, not looking at anyone as his own thoughts spun in his head.
“You need to rest…” Aberia said with disapproval as he frowned at the device he clutched in his shaking hand. He couldn’t see himself but the others saw all too well. Blood had begun to dry in dripping lines down his face from the forehead wound. The gash under his eye was swelling and his shirt was soaked in blood from Naomi's blows. Not to mention his wings…which were the most offending injuries to the group. His wings trembled on their own from the muscular damage, though the bleeding had begun to lessen. Not enough time had gone by for the bleeding to stop from such a damning injury.
“Anyway…Chuck intercepted him and then had Dean and I join them both for a…discussion of sorts. Chuck’s point was that since Nephilim are half Angel and half Human and the Nephilim I killed went to the Empty, it was Heaven’s turn to receive a Nephilim. Jack’s place was in Heaven.”
Cas let his wings settle at his side, reflecting the end to the confrontation. “Tell him I do not plan on running away just yet. I wish to spend some time with my family and will return tomorrow morning. Naomi can babysit until I get back….” He growled out at the end as he raised an eyebrow.
Shrugging his shoulders, Dean dared a glance over, his insecurity showing in the way he laughed it off with a half-smile. “Not like I was advertising it. I wasn’t really comfortable with…you know, myself.”
Sam shook his head firmly and stood by him as Dean pulled open the Demon’s shirt and began to carve a binding sigil into his chest. The demon screamed out, but Dean’s face remained blank as he finished his task robotically. When he was done he stepped back, careful to not disturb the paint line of the devil’s trap.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah, but not here. Come on,” He rose and stretched his back from sitting so long. He nodded his head toward the hall and Castiel followed, heading toward Dean’s room. Dean pushed his door open but Cas hesitated at the entrance. He looked around, noting every little difference from his last time here. He tried to memorize every detail, from the hastily made bed to the dangerously high stack of tapes and cds. Sam had encouraged Dean to buy his songs as MP3s on his phone, but Dean had rolled his eyes. He was an old soul, and he liked old things…Castiel smiled to himself as he lumped himself into old things Dean seemed to like. He leaned against the door frame, watching Dean. It really was his favorite pastime.
Chuck nodded as he turned back toward the table, writing down on his notepad. “Good note. See, this is the help I needed!”
“It’s okay, Cas. It’s okay. Remember? Your grace and Chuck…” Dean said calmly and watched as Cas’ breathing began to slow, and he stumbled back to the bed. Dean met him at the edge and put a steadying hand on his shoulder as he sunk back onto the mattress. Castiel cradled his head in his hands suddenly and groaned. “What hurts?” Dean asked with concern as he rubbed a calming hand down his back.
“They may move us to the subbasement if we aren’t careful…or we could just drag a mattress to the Dean Cave…Or…” Dean continued to hypothesize as he put the car into reverse and pulled out of the parking spot. As he pointed the car in the direction of home, he threaded his fingers through Cas’ own and cranked up the radio. Cas’ Grace still hung on the chain around Dean’s neck and he took unspoken delight in bringing every piece of the man he loved home with him. Dean and Castiel had both gotten a lot of fresh starts before…but this one…this one meant something more. This wasn’t just a fresh start on an old story. This was a new beginning. Their new beginning.
Cas nodded then he caught a glimpse of a photo on the wall he’d not noticed before. It had Sam, Dean, and Bobby crowded together around a fast food restaurant table, their faces tired but victorious.
Aberia, who had been quietly accepting up until that point, stood defiantly, embarrassed to be chastised so openly for something she didn’t understand. Her dark hair swung in front of her face as she leaned across the table. “I didn’t mean to offend, but I don’t understand the ways here. None of this makes any sense! I don’t belong here, and neither do you! Now, can we please go?”
“You couldn’t enter until I undid the sigil…It will keep you safe, Koriah. I will keep you safe…” Castiel gasped out as they opened his door. They tried to guide him to his bed, but he stumbled to his desk and slung open the middle drawer. His bloodied hand wrapped around his phone and he powered it up, praying the battery was full enough to do what needed to be done. He let them push him toward the bed and he sat down heavily, manually maneuvering his wings to avoid sitting on them.
Enid cleared her throat, looking uncomfortable now. “Yes…the Choir agrees that Naomi’s methods are not in the best interest of Heaven but…” She hesitated and looked down at the table, showing a nervousness at whatever news she had to deliver.
“So Alastair said….” The demon said, a small quake in his voice finally betraying his false confidence.
“Cas, if I’d known asking you to move into my room would turn you on so much…” Dean groaned as he slid his hands up Cas’ shirt. Cas chuckled darkly and rutted up against him, making the smirk slide off Dean’s fade.
“Oh, do put your wings away. I’m not here to harm him. You know why I’m here. We need you, as much as I hate to admit it. Heaven needs you, Castiel…” Dean startled when Naomi mentioned Cas’ wings. He’d seen no change, but he was distracted when Naomi began to speak.
Cas walked slowly behind him as he shopped. Where normally Dean would be in a hurry, tossing items haphazardly into the cart, he was taking his time, reading the backs on labels before gently placing them in the buggy then drawing a neat line through the item on the list. He easily spent ten minutes just perusing the chip aisle before making a decision and picking three different bags. Cas would have been content to watch him shop but Dean's eye lit on him and he frowned.
Dean grinned as he sat down and kicked off his shoes. “Kid has a point, though we’ve had some good times in that backseat.”
“Where you off to in such a hurry?” Dean inquired with a raised eyebrow as he walked to the base of the stairs. Castiel sighed quietly and closed the bunker door before descending, his shoulders slumped as he awaited Dean's disapproval that was sure to come.
Dean pulled his hands off the wheel one at a time and wiped them on his pants leg. “Hey, we haven’t talked much about…this kind of stuff…before. I was just curious. If you’re not comfortable, I’ll drop it.”
“Commander….” All three of the new arrivals said in unison as he entered. They stood and waited for him to sit before sitting down themselves. Even Dean raised an eyebrow where he stood leaning against the far wall. Sam, Mary, and Jack had all been awoken to join the meeting. Best not to let anyone sleep through it. They too shared a look at the respect shown to Cas. Dean's fast racing heart slowed a little at that. They did seem to hold him in a place of regard, even now.
“Ah, Castiel, I’ve been looking everywhere for you. It’s been quite some time now…. aren’t you at all interested in assisting me other than just being a celestial battery? I was hoping you would come to me and I wouldn’t have to seek you out….” Her voice came from behind him. Castiel stopped in his tracks at her voice and his shoulders immediately slumped. He knew they wouldn’t really leave him alone. He’d never been enough for Heaven, and they’d never truly let him be. Not even after all he’d sacrificed.
“Just because the Commander rejected you….” Debriel said with a grin in his voice. Sam stole a look at Dean, his mouth a tight line. Dean knew there was a reason he didn’t like her.
“I did. Thank you, Dean.” Cas leaned against the doorframe and with Dean so close to him and them both still tipsy, the space seemed even smaller.
“Great! Now let’s get to it. Oh, one more thing. I need you to go stop Dean from getting himself killed…” He gave an apologetic grimace of a smile before he added, “Again…but I’m sorry…you can’t stay. I need your help, and mum’s the word on me being here. Make it quick! Oh, and stab it in the back of the neck, okay? It’s a Croccotta. Nasty business.” He mimed stabbing as Castiel tried to comprehend the abrupt conversation change once again.
On nights Sam was at the bunker, usually with Eileen, they all hung out at the War Room table, swapping stories and laughing till all hours. It felt good to laugh and to see them laugh. The oppressive blanket of Chuck’s control had been thrown off their shoulders. Even Dean’s small affections had increased. A hand on his shoulder here. A squeeze of his arm there. He had not, as Cas had feared, withdrawn from him as a result of his confession the night he died. Quite the opposite. Dean seemed more comfortable with him, their elbows brushing as he sat next to him at breakfast each morning. However, nothing was ever said about the night he’d died and the things he’d said. Not by Dean and certainly not by Castiel himself. He was brave, but he wasn’t stupid. If Dean was happy with their arrangement, Cas was happy as well…and if he felt a lingering hollowness at those touches, always craving for more, that was
Dean shook his head, letting his knuckles press hard against the wood of the work bench. It might have hurt if he wasn’t in Heaven…He turned, and their bodies were inches apart. He’d been closer than Dean had suspected and he took a moment to regain his composure before finding the words he needed. “No, Cas. You gotta stop with that. You need to give yourself some fucking credit. Look what you DID, man. You believed in Jack when no one else did. Without Jack, Chuck would still be playing puppet master with us. This is YOU. This is evidence of the heart you have. The heart every damn Angel I ran into said was to your detriment.” Dean grabbed Cas’ shoulders and shook them gently. “You don’t see yourself clearly at all. You saved the world, Cas, and You saved Heaven.” Cas’ eyes widened as Dean got louder. “Do you hear me, you stupid Angel. It wasn’t just the Sam and Dean show down there. You have to know that. You…you and Jack. You made all the difference. To the world…and to us.”
“I won’t be bullied into letting you make drunken decisions you will surely regret, Dean,” Cas said as he crossed his arms over his chest, hiding the fact that he was digging his nails into his palms in a desperate bid for self-control.
He’d naively thought it would be fun to teach Cas some control…but now he was the one losing his. Cas’ eyes had been closed for a while now, his nimble fingers wrapped around himself and stroking himself lazily for the moment. He was naked and his skin was sticky from sweat…Dean learned early on that Cas had been full of it with that line…at least when it came to sex. He’d tried to rationalize it to Dean about concentration and blah, blah, blah. Dean had tuned out as soon as he’d made the discovery, considering they’d been stuffed in the backseat of the Impala when it happened. He still remembered dragging his palm along Cas’ dewy chest as he ripped the most sinful moans out of his Angel’s lips….and those thoughts weren’t helping him now as he kneeled at the end of the bed, on his knees, his chin resting on the bed…leering like the pervert he was.
“Same as you, huh?” Dean again murmured as he pressed his lips against the top of the tracking sigil, feather soft and teasing. Cas’ eyes rolled back in his head.
He put a soft hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t worry, Dean. I will handle this. I have given Chuck everything he wants. He can give me a few more hours….” Castiel stood up and Sam shot out the door, much more quickly than normal.
Aberia fought not to argue and Castiel gave a one-sided smile in response as they stopped in front of the training hall doors, the sounds of the assembled group muffled by the closed doors before them. “It was not meant to sound insulting. Growth is always a good thing, no matter what anyone here tells you. Now come on, training must commence.” Castiel patted her on the shoulder once in a friendly gesture that left Aberia puzzled before they both entered the training area where all the other Angels were patiently waiting.
“I can see that…” Dean said softly as he looked over his wounds again. He stopped as he studied Cas’ wings, letting his fingers hesitate above the deep stab wound on the wing nearest him. Many of his inky, jet black feathers were frayed or bent.
Dean stopped and concern filled his chest as he let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. “You look like shit.”
Dean shrugged and shoved one hand in his pocket as he held the bottle up to the light. “Just a little subterfuge so everyone could get here. Were you surprised?”
Jack leaned over and spoke quietly to Aberia then. “Those are the reasons Castiel keeps me away from other Angels. Dean calls you all dicks with wings.”
“Read into my soul,” Dean said breathily as he glanced up at him and ran his hand along the kitchen counter.
“Well, not to point out the obvious, but Sam and Dean haven’t helped in that regard either. You’re all three a magnet for trouble…” Chuck said as he scratched out more notes. Silence fell in the room for several minutes. Castiel was anxious to pursue all the questions he’d been wanting to ask, but he hesitated to interrupt.
As they entered the room and pulled their duffels off the cart, Dean passed the belly boy a ten dollar bill and closed the door abruptly. He leaned against it and looked around the room as Cas stepped further in. “Hell, this is really nice. Let me let Sammy know we’ve stopped for a few days and the hotel location and room number. I’ll be with you in a sec.” Dean tapped out a text message quickly and stuffed his phone back in his pocket. He peaked in the bathroom which was clean and upscale but still had the basic amenities: vanity with double sinks, toilet, and shower. He did look appreciatively at the shower with it’s crisp, clean tile and glass doors. The living area was directly connected to the door and had a tan couch with dark wood coffee table and a two-seater dining table in the corner. A tv was mounted to the wall and the tv controller and guide were on the table along with the menu the clerk had spoken of. He picked it up and glanced at it as he pushed open the door to the other half of the suite, which he assumed was where Cas had disappeared to. “Hey, it looks like the restaurant is open all da….Whoa,”
Angel, lying so vulnerable in his bed. It really must be Heaven if this was finally a possibility without something in their way. For once he could acknowledge how much he
“He’s okay. I got myself in a bad spot outside that hotel near that vamp nest we dusted.” He rubbed the back of his neck reflexively and studied the tabletop as he spoke. “A Croccota...just about killed me... and Cas booped in and saved my ass.” Dean took a swig of his beer then, his mood lowering as he saw the glare from Sam.
Castiel stopped before Dean could get a good look into the booth. His back was rigid and Dean could feel the tension coming off him as he went to step around him. He immediately put an arm out the stop him and Dean obeyed. His body language gave no room for argument.
“I won’t, not when you only want me to tell it to punish yourself.” Castiel stood up, his shoulders rolled forward and his hair falling in his eyes. “And if me being human is only going to make you be filled with regret and self-loathing, I will damn well take my Grace back!” He snatched up the Grace vial where It had been hidden under Dean’s shirt and tugged hard enough for the thin chain to snap easily. Dean grabbed at it; protests stuck in his throat. Castiel had the bottle gripped tightly in his hand but he held it at his side. “I have told you too many times now that there was nothing to forgive. I have begged you to let it go, but if you really want me to tell them all how I ate out of garbage cans, slept under overpasses, and that the reaper who tricked me won me over with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and a warm body that made me forget my loneliness and feelings of worthlessness for a moment, so be it. However, I will not stand here and feel guilty because YOU feel guilty.” He stormed into the bedroom and slammed the door, making the wall rattle.
“No, Dean…that’s not what he said. I only go to the Empty if I die as an Angel…” Cas interrupted, wrapping the fingers of his hand around Dean's wrist to still him.
Jack tilted his head, having thought quietly to himself for a minute. He looked to Cas, who had finished his water and was looking more himself.  “You told me you had Dean and Sam to help when you were human last time.”
Cas shook his head slowly, his jaw clenched in tension. “I didn’t ask anything of you once I left Heaven. You made choices of your own accord, the same as I did. Now you live with them, the same as I do. You can choose to go back to Heaven, or you can choose to stay on Earth, but for now you do not have the choice to stay in this room with me while I try to talk to my family.” Aberia tried to speak again but Castiel gave her a warning glare. She sighed, narrowed her eyes, and disappeared after a frustrated huff. Castiel waited a beat to make sure she was really gone, then turned back to the group. His eyes widened and he laid a hand flat on his chest as he went to sink into the empty chair. Dean was to his side in an instant.
Cas quickly followed, the popcorn still in his hands and he ran into Dean's back, who had stopped immediately at the beginning of the aisle. They both huffed and Cas mumbled out an apology as Dean gingerly took the box from him and put it in the cart.
A silent nod of agreement followed from everyone as a whole. As the Angels ushered Cas away to continue healing him, he turned to Dean. “Be ready. She will most likely have her eyes on you as much as she will me.”
Sam stood, holding his hands out in front of him s if to hold them back. “Now, hold on. Not missing. Maybe they just…went for a walk. They haven't been gone
men possessed. Through half-open eyes, Dean saw the bedroom lights flicker softly. Cas’ heavy-lidded eyes were glowing dimly with his Grace and the sight only made Dean feel more frantic. Proof of Cas’ otherness was just a match to gasoline at this point. He wrenched his hand free and wrapped it with more force than he’d intended around Cas’ dick. Cas let loose a string of Enochian that made Dean’s ears ring with the weight of it and he pumped him in time with his own thrusts, feeling his own climax quickly coming. He gritted his teeth and pounded into him, their guttural noises combining together with the slap of their skin until Dean felt himself lose his rhythm and the pleasure ripple out of him and pour, hot and aching, into Cas. He was flooded with relief as he felt Cas do the same only moments later, painting his own stomach with his seed as the lights flared to a painful brightness before returning to normal. Dean looked down at him, feeling a wave of sheer euphoria wash over him and it was reflected back in Cas’ eyes. He felt like he was somewhere between sedated and high.
Cas drug his eyes open, his dilated pupils making the beautiful blue of his iris a barely perceptible thin ring, and Dean thought he might drown in the sheer raw need in his face. “I’ve wanted you…for so long, Dean. Before I had words for what I felt. You awoke it in me as no one else could. It’s like an ache…a burn…that nothing ever soothes. I don't know if it feels the same for a human...but I can't imagine it being more than this.”
Dean awoke with a start as his hand hit the firm hotel mattress with a sudden thud. His eyes flew open, years of hunter instincts telling him something was wrong. He took in the scene quickly and put his hands up in a defensive, calming gesture as he saw Cas standing in the middle of the bedroom, his eyes wide and frightened. His body language was defensive with his fists clenched at his sides and his breathing came out rapidly. Dean leaned up slowly, showing both palms empty as he did so.
Dean had geared up to argue his point. Castiel succumbing so quickly brought him up short. “Yes I…. wait, what?”
“This should feel a lot weirder than it does." Cas found Dean's hands under the cover and they laced their fingers together as their noses brushed.
He was frustratingly fully clothed, and his dick was screaming inside his jeans, pressing up against the denim in a desperate bid to be free…and oh did he want to let it get its way. Cas’ legs were spread, and Dean felt a low moan erupt from his own throat as he watched Cas slide his other hand down to tease his entrance. He went to stand up, desperate to put his hands on him, when he felt his knees forcibly hit the floor again.
Dean tentatively put his own hand over Cas' and squeezed, fighting back the doubt that had so easily rushed his mind. “And she’s getting that…From Jack. They have far more in common than you two do, if you haven’t noticed.”
The Impala was still parked right where Dean had left it, in a dark, secluded corner of the parking lot where the street lamps didn't reach. “To negate attention. It’s kind of a well known car,” Dean had argued as Mary questioned his parking choice earlier in the evening.
The last present was from Dean, who fidgeted from foot to foot. It was a small box compared to the others and Dean had his bottom lip tucked between his teeth as Cas unwrapped the newspaper he had neatly wrapped it in. It was a journal, much like the one Dean had of his father’s and the one he’d begun of his own that not even Sam knew about. It was smooth, caramel-colored leather, and his name was embossed in fancy silver lettering in the top left corner. He went to crack it open but Dean cleared his throat and raised his cup. “Now, let’s drink!”
Castiel nodded and slowly moved his hips. They moaned in unison, Dean’s forehead pressed against Cas’ own. Castiel did another slow stroke and used his right hand to grip under Dean’s left thigh and spread his legs wider. The limb movement allowed him freer access and Dean gasped as the change in angle better let his Angel hit that special spot inside of him that made him see stars for a moment.
Castiel nodded in agreement. “Heaven has long spread false rumors about me, Aberia. They could not comprehend why I would choose to stay with Sam and Dean if my reasons were not purely self-satisfying and pleasure seeking. The irony of that is that my years on earth have been fairly unpleasant.”
Mary stood up and took out her pistol, shooting one shot into the creatures’ brain for safe measure. “If you’d have listened outside, we might have avoided this. Overconfidence will get you killed Dean Winchester. We wait for backup for a reason.”
“Cas? Is that really you?” Dean looked down at the Croccata then back at Cas. “If this is another damn monster trick…” He growled as he raised his gun slightly.
Castiel let a smile rise at the corner of his mouth. “Stand and look at the humans, Aberia.” She stood and looked toward them, a small spark of defiance in her eyes. “These humans could kill you before you knew what was happening. Do you believe me?”
“There really isn’t. While I acknowledge the assistance Castiel’s presence will provide, it has taken some convincing to the last of our numbers to even allow him back home. He is after all one of the primary contributors to our genocide…”
Aberia’s forcefulness crumbled and her eyes softened. Her voice took on a soft, pleading tone. “Castiel, be reasonable. Don’t make this escalate when it does not have to.”
Cas stilled his hand and sat up to look at Dean, his hand still holding his cock in his hand. “To quote you, “You can’t be like a virgin on her wedding night every damn time, Cas”, he growled out, his lids heavy as he slowly stroked himself as he kept his heavy eye contact with Dean.
“It’s a fairly sore subject, Jack, but to put closure on it…Sam was possessed by an Angel that was healing him from a grievous injury...and that Angel told Dean that me being with them would put Sam’s life in danger. I was being hunted by Angels, even as a human, and it most certainly could have endangered them all. Dean absolutely did what was best for them with the information he had.” Cas looked to Dean, who seemed very unsatisfied with Cas' telling of events.
The other Angels then looked between Castiel and Handriel with trepidation, but she still stepped closer, swallowing only slightly as Cas did not waver. The other Angels pretended to not see her slight tremble as she spoke. “Commander, if the humans are allowed to come, some of us will surely be killed by your lack of focus. Tell me, if it came to choosing between our lives and the lives of the humans, who would you choose to save?” Her jaw flexed as Castiel stepped closer to her, effectively blocking the view of a still sitting Dean. Cas studied the other Angels’ face but as they made eye contact, he could not find it in him to argue with her assessment. If Dean was at risk...WOULD he sacrifice one of them to save him? He opened his mouth to answer her when Dean quickly stood and put himself between them, holding up a hand between them. Handriel frowned and stepped backward away from his hand, but Dean looked to her. Cas tilted his head in confusion, not expecting his intrusion into their conflict.
“Cas, damn it. If this is you, come out and stop playing games,” Dean growled out. “If you’re not Cas, come out so I can kill you. I’m good either way.”
Dean shuddered as Cas moved from his mouth to his neck, a whimper escaping his throat as he felt Cas’ thinly contained strength. He brought his hands up and rested them on Cas’ shoulders, arching his neck to the side as Cas left scalding, open mouth kisses along his neck.
I will be updating every Sunday unless otherwise noted. :) If you enjoy, please leave a comment! Feedback is so nice when you aren't sure if you're just writing to yourself hah!
Naomi took in the sight of the group before her with a smug smile, obviously counting on her higher numbers to come out successful. She cleared her throat unnecessarily before beginning to speak. “Castiel, once again you’ve gotten us expelled from our home. Are you satisfied now?” Her words were full of bitterness now, the careful mask she'd worn in defense of her actions all these years was beginning to slip and Cas smiled to himself in vindication. He stood tall, his wings, not healed but stronger, arched proudly above his head. A petty indulgence to rub into the face of the Angels who had so badly mistreated him.  “My actions were not to blame for this Naomi. Your expulsion falls squarely on the shoulders of your temper and your intolerance.  You gambled with my life and you lost, and I am done being your whipping boy.”
Dean and Castiel use their last hours together wisely, and an uninvited guest arrives at the bunker door
Cas’ eyes locked with him, though Dean smiled as he saw Cas’ were a blur of sated pleasure, all but boneless as he drove into him. He was being rough…something he had never felt comfortable doing with any of his other partners, but Cas was his safe space, and he took everything Dean gave him and begged for more every time. Dean had to look away from those intrusive, all knowing eyes, so he buried his face in his neck, nipping his earlobe and sliding his tongue along the shell of his ear. His fingers dug into Cas’ thighs, hard enough to bruise him if he could, and Cas cried out as Dean angled his pelvis to the perfect angle, hammering him in the prostate as he gave his last hard, almost frantic thrusts. As he came, he buried himself as deep as he could, feeling himself fill Cas with his own heat as he moaned his name over and over in his ear...until he heard glass shatter and felt the tinkling of glass falling around him. His eyes had been screwed shut but he knew…the room was dark. He winced as he sensed impending doom.
“Wait. Wait. Wait. You can’t just be gone a year then bippity boppity boo yourself back down here to save my ass. You can’t even fly. How…” Dean’s eyes were wary, confused, and angry.
“It is when Naomi sends me here. She gave me orders to retrieve you,” Aberia said as she lifted her chin in defiance. Though the humans below could not see, her entire body shivered. She'd seen him angry and to still stand up to him was admirable but stupid. Castiel sensed her fear despite her posture but his anger overrode it.
. You wanna be stuck with Sam’s idea of tasty snacks for movie night this week? Kale chips and diet soda?”
“Aw, hell, boy. You outta know him better than that. Dean puts on a brave face but he’s loyal to a fault. He won’t give up on you until he’s exhausted every option, and hell probably not even then.”
Comments and kudos are always appreciated! I have a sequel that is in the works but since we know my uploads are crazy sporadic, I would not begin uploading until the story itself is completed.
Cas let out a ragged breath, the heat of it caressing Dean’s neck. “I…am feeling a lot of emotions right now. Some happiness…yes, but anger at my required departure…sadness…lust…It is a lot.” His thumb found purchase on the dip next to Dean’s hipbone, drawing shapes as he spoke. His words got softer and huskier as he spoke, making Dean swallow hard and shiver himself now.
“Cas, you can’t…This is who you are!” Dean hissed out softly as the waiter shuffled away with a hefty tip in hand.
of those. I’ll leave it up to you to pick, blue eyes.” The woman grinned, a playful inviting smile that Cas couldn’t help but return. Dean, however, stiffened at his side and he glanced at him.
Dean felt the breath hitch in his lungs, and he nodded, laying his head gently on Cas’ naked stomach, mumbling, “I feel it like that too.” He brought his hand up and wrapped his fingers around Cas’ hipbone, feeling his cheeks flush in need. Cas slowly bought his arms down and wrapped his strong fingers around Dean’s wrist. Dean drug his head up to lock eyes with him, and a switch flipped inside of him, chasing away the worry and the insecurity. Dean moved up to meet him and their lips found one another, a sudden urgency in their touch. Dean scrambled to straddle him and they both groaned at the full skin-to-skin contact, like breathing for the first time. Cas gripped his hips and ground them together, and Dean thought for a moment that alone would make him come, the neurons in his brain firing off too fast for him to process. He was all heat and need and touch. Cas sat up, wrapping his arms around him and running his hands down his spine, making Dean arch into his touch.
Dean slid his hand over it in a possessive way, covering it with his warm palm, his thumb lightly grazing his skin back and forth. “Good. You keep remembering that. Where you belong…”
“Exactly. Just regular old human problems...you know, Demons, Croccata, Vampires…Regular old everyday human problems…” Castiel said trying to get a grin out of Dean. When he succeeded, Castiel leaned back, his hand still clasped in Deans, and looked to Chuck. “I suppose it’s settled, then.”
“NO!” Dean exclaimed a little loudly and seemed flustered as the older woman from the aisle before squeaked her way onto this one. “No, I mean, yes we’re close but not like you’re my brother and we’re related close. Definitely not that. I mean, unless…unless that’s how you see it, and yeah so, yeah that would be fine too.”
“You made a deal…” Dean said with a groan as he slid out and thrust hard back in, dragging out another string of obscenities from his Angel. “I sucked you off and even threw in some fingering. I watched you jack off for half an hour before that. I’ve been a saint,” Dean growled low before he laid his chest on Cas’ and he wrapped his arms around his thighs.
“Dean’s right, Aberia,” Cas said as he glanced to Dean and let a small smile of pride flash over his face, fairly comfortable in Dean's assessment of Naomi, but unhappy that Dean was also correct in his assumption that he would be a target. “He’s had enough dealings with her and knows enough of my dealings as well. She wants you to disavow me and join with her to help her paint the narrative that she is the victim and I am the villain, as she has done before. She doesn’t want to kill you. She gave me half a dozen chances, and those are just the ones I know about. Before that, she brainwashed me regularly to maintain control. Also, she knows Chuck will return, and she won’t want your blood on her hands when he does. If she can spin this back to her favor, she will, and your deaths on her hands won’t allow her to do that easily. I know her better than any Angel still living. I know what she’s capable of, but I also know what her limits are. She doesn’t want more dead Angels...except me. Your deaths are not her goal. Your obedience is.”
“It was because of you,” the demure Angel from earlier said with a surprising amount of resentment in her tone. Castiel gave her another warning look and she ducked her head in response, surprised at her own boldness.
Aberia snorted and Dean could hear the eye roll in her tone. “Commander Castiel is at the center of the fray…. having all the fun….” She added with a pout as she gestured at the black winged figure.
“Naomi!” Sam bellowed, easily within range now and gun drawn. Her arm frozen and her eyes met his, disbelief mingled with humor at the gun pointed at her. Sam shot and the bullet missed, firing behind her head harmlessly, not even needing her to move to dodge it. She smiled, more amused at the attempt than worried.
Dean stared at the tabletop. “And it doesn’t matter anyway…. Cas is in Heaven. Not like he'll ever be happy enough there for the Empty to come for him... The Angels need him to keep Heaven running, and they said it was probably…. forever…” He said as he swallowed deeply. “it’s…It’s not like any of us can go bring him back. ”
“It’s Enid, sir,” Debriel replied with a raised eyebrow. Dean could tell by his tone, they knew something he didn't.
me how she feels.” Claire made blatant, bold eye contact between them but Dean and Cas just blinked at her in confusion. “Oh for
“I’d disagree but you’re not wrong, but I’ll be fine,” Castiel said with assurance as he locked eyes with Dean as best he could. Though he was injured, his eyes were strong and filled with determination.
Enid nodded and looked to the Angels at his shoulders as well. “Anyone other than you and Naomi that wish to rejoin Heaven are welcome to do so, but they must accept the new regime and our leadership. We have created a committee to make decisions. We will no longer be a dictatorship.”
“Well, I’d say it worked. I…” Cas stepped forward then, dropping his helmet and putting his arms around Dean.
As Dean and Sam walked away from the home of the victim’s mother, Dean shook his head. He loosened the dark maroon tie and shucked off the black dress jacket, chucking it in the back seat with little care.  The dress clothes were a necessity of playing FBI but it didn’t mean he had to like it.  His gut tightened minutely as he loosened his tie. He couldn’t be blamed for associating ties with Cas. If he had the opportunity to loosen that dark blue tie, pull him toward him and…nope. Nope. Now was not the time to entertain that thought.
Mary looked him over before she turned in disgust and headed inside, brushing past the group aggressively. Jody walked a few steps backward, beckoning them to follow with a silent hand gesture, while Claire lingered. Dean turned his back and zipped and buttoned his fly while Cas smoothed down his hair and threw his coat on over his misbuttoned shirt and tried to fix his tie.
“What’s wrong?” Mary said with worry in her tone as she and the assembled group hovered near the couch, not knowing how to help.
“I’m yours, Dean,” Cas whispered out, his voice a spark in Dean’s ear as his chest heaved with need. “Let yourself go. You’re safe here with me. I swear it. This is your Heaven. You can do anything you want. Have
Castiel leaned back, his eyes looking just this side of feral, and a small, wicked smile Dean had only seen when Lucifer was riding shotgun came across his face. Dean would not admit out loud he got a little hard just from the smile. “Purgatory, Dean….and Hell as well. Not touching you for so long has been nothing but agony. But you are right, I’ve disregarded every other rule of Heaven…why hold out on the one I wish to break the most? I might as well fall fully…”
“Cas, I want you. I want to…I’m just nervous,” Dean said honestly, letting out a shaky breath as he came to sit beside him.
Cas gave him a playful bitchface as he wriggled out of his jeans and tossed them beside the bed. “I’m not sleeping in jeans. I’m not a
“Crowley….we….How dare you insinuate…” Naomi's eyes widened and just as Cas wanted, she lost some focus on the human in her grip.
Dean closed his eyes, trying to avoid that look of Cas’. He took a controlled breath and opened his eyes. “Cas, hand jobs are one thing. There’s no going back from this for me.”
"Is he coming home?" Jack added quietly as he looked from Sam to Dean, his eyes full of hope. Dean took his beer and sat down calmly at the table. He was enjoying dangling the good news in front of them and they both came to sit down across from him.
“Now, Pamela…” Cas said with a sideways grin that made Dean shoot a look between them, another snarl of jealousy burning hot in his chest.
“Don’t be stupid, Dean. You know I’m not letting you go in alone, but why not wait?” Mary grabbed his arm and he stopped in his tracks and turned around to face her. She frowned, the lines in her forehead deepening subtly. He had not been himself for months now, and hunting had seemed to only make his mood worse. She couldn’t argue he was an efficient hunting partner, but he seemed to be out of touch more and more. He had begun letting stubble grow where before he’d preferred clean-shaven and he seemed only focused on the hunt. She couldn’t even get Bobby or Sam to persuade him to take some downtime off.
“Oh, old pal, you don’t seem happy to see me,” came a nasally, almost British voice that Dean could not place.
Pamela leaned against the back of the bar and smiled knowingly. “He should be around soon. He heard you were coming. Seemed pretty pissed off about it. Wasn’t expecting you for at least a little longer yet. He had to speed everything up.”
“Damn it, Dean…” Castiel growled out as he turned to face him. His face left no need for translation and Dean quickly slid his shirt off in response.  They crashed into one another, arms sliding across newly exposed skin. They both were quickly on their knees on the bed, reveling in the long-needed touch of one another.
Dean nodded silently, his eyes tightening at the imagined conflict. His body, exposed as it was, filled with tension Cas could see.  “Mom, she likes you. I don’t think she gets it, but she accepts it because she knows you, but dad?” He shook his head and Cas wrapped an arm around his waist.
“It might not the best options to choose from, but as Aberia’s being notified by Heaven that I was not traceable anymore will show you…I would never have been free as an Angel. As it stands, Chuck removed my tracking sigil and restored my warding tattoo. I am as free as I can be in this life. And I chose it.” Cas said this all with a level tone, trying for calm as he saw Aberia's face grow dark at his eplanation.
Validated, Dean nodded his head solemnly. “I figured. You make a wish and blow the candle out, but you’re not supposed to tell what you wished for or it won’t come true.”
Dean, Sam, Jack, and Mary stood surrounding a demon that was tied to a metal chair. The fumes from the red spray paint still permeated the air from the devil's trap Sam had hastily drawn on the chipped concrete floor. Dean had pried a few boards off the broken, boarded up windows to let the light in. It fell in harsh streaks across their faces. It was too risky to bring a demon home with them so they'd have to do their interrogating here. There had been four demons but only one had survived the skirmish, and the survivor sat there staring up at them with black eyes. The demon’s male vessel was fair skinned with freckles and red hair. He might have looked friendly if not for the pitch black eyes and the knowing smirk he wore.
Dean put in his two cents. “Let’s see…. One. Cas is a damn badass now. I mean, he always kinda was, but now… the wings, the armor. Someone’s making changes in Heaven, and all those Angels were new Angels. Who is the only one who could make Angels?”
Aberia cocked her head to the side now and her forehead scrunched in confusion. “Why are you not celebrating? You’re free of her.”
“It is done. Double check that there are no survivors,” boomed the voice of Castiel. Dean’s eyes, and those of everyone on stage were immediately drawn to him. He stood in the middle of the group of Angels, blood splattered across the once gleaming armor. He removed his helmet and tucked it under his left arm. His hair was plastered to his forehead from the weight of the helmet, but his face was the same Dean had been missing. Castiel suddenly looked straight to the stage and locked eyes with him. He sheathed his Angel Blade and strode toward the stage with purpose. Dean gulped, watching his suddenly-very-intimidating form come toward him. The wings were massive, more than he could ever have imagined…he’d have to ask why he could see them now…
Dean smiled and ran a hand along his jaw, watching his eyes close in contentment, unable to contain even his most basic reactions to Dean's touch. He loved it. “Of course not, I know. You’re tired, Cas. We can take a soak in the tub later. Why don’t you just rest a bit?”
Cas glanced down at the plastic containers of sweets. “I suppose. Though I can’t see the four of us eating all of these without wasting some.”
Dean swallowed hard, his hand gripping the towel with white knuckles. “Then why are you still over there?”
Castiel nodded firmly and stood straight with his hands clasped in front of him. "A wise decision Enid. I will of course remain at your disposal if you should need advice or assistance. While Heaven may no longer be my home, I hope you can see that I do not want to be your enemy. I’d much prefer to be your ally.” Dean's eyes narrowed softly at the wording Cas had used and made a mental note to discuss it with him later. They had a lot to discuss later.
“I don’t think I deserve anything like that…” Dean grunted out, trying to distract Naomi as he saw Sam slowly moving through the crowd. Castiel darted his eyes minutely at Sam's movement but kept Naomi’s gaze on him. Dean gave a grimace-like smile as she shook him again. “I’m just a luck son of a bitch…”
“You know I saw you naked already when I rebuilt you from Hell, right?” Cas murmured as he felt the effects of the evening’s drinking begin to wash over him and his lids became heavy as he slid under the cover.
Castiel tilted his head to acknowledge the accuracy but before he could say anything else, Dean again spoke up. “Don’t dwell on it, you guys. Keep moving.” Cas looked around at the flushed cheeks of the humans in the room who had pretty much surmised what the trigger was. His face flushed slightly in embarrassment as well.
The door pulled open and Dean fell backwards, catching himself on his arms. He looked upside down at Cas, who was dressed in jeans and a storm grey t-shirt that Dean had thrown in his bag. Castiel growled out from above him, his hair a disheveled mess, like he'd been running his fingers through it. “You forgot annoying, insufferable, and exasperating.”
“Then why did you ignore me after we…you know...” Damn it he sounded like a needy boyfriend, Dean thought to himself. He felt Castiel sigh behind him and slide his hand off his shoulder. Dean turned around in that moment to see a look of severe frustration on his face. His deep blue eyes looked full of turmoil.
“We’re both a little too drunk for me to feel good about that,” Dean said with sincere remorse but Cas just smiled.
Dean was lost in the sounds of Cas. As an Angel, he’d been mostly composed and slowly sensual. Now he was a man on fire and Dean felt he would gladly burn if that were his price to pay. He also knew if they didn’t start moving in a different direction, they’d both lose it without any sex being had.
Dean had looked over as he spoke, making eye contact he’d never have been able to maintain with anyone else while they spoke of his father. “He projected a hell of a lot more than that on me. I mean, do you know what he’d do if he knew I was with you?”
Cas tilted his head in mild confusion at Sam’s mysterious body language but nodded. “Yes, he said Eileen was coming for a visit. I’ll be very glad to see her.”
“Your comments are no longer just bordering on disrespectful, Handriel. If you have something to say, I suggest you say it,” Castiel said as he stepped out from behind Dean’s chair, his hands in fists at his side and his body language tense. His wings rippled with a soft trembling he was sure Dean could see from his position behind him. He would be damned glad when he could finally put his wings away...they gave away too much.
“She wouldn’t…” Dean began but the skeptical eyebrow lift Cas threw his way made him reconsider. “Okay, fine. You’re no fun.”
Dean looked toward Sam like he didn’t know him. His hands clenched into fists on the tabletop, his nails digging into his palms. “He’s not just a fucking battery. He doesn’t want to BE there. It’s not fair.”
bad about any of that. It surprised me…and I’m still not sure if I have feeling in my toes, but I’ve got no complaints. I’d like to see If it happens again…purely scientific reasons of course."
Cas smiled then, feeling the truth of Dean’s words and the sincerity of his sheepish smile. “Purely scientific, of course. Any time you’re ready, I’m willing.”
Castiel shrugged and leaned back in his chair. “Angels our age are in short supply. We have knowledge they will never have that needs to be passed down. Biblical knowledge that we have lived through. Naomi included.”
“Only sixteen ended up choosing Naomi's side after all was settled and they saw she would not retain control of Heaven. Only six of those were of the new choir.” Enid looked around her at the group surrounding Castiel, obviously tallying the odds in her head. The others in the room couldn't seem to help but do the same.
“All those that die as Angels are yours, of course,” Chuck said as spoke. Dean’s eyes tightened. That wasn’t exactly what they’d said earlier…Castiel squeezed his hand again, silently begging him not to interrupt their dialogue.
The Shadow was having none of it. His teeth were clenched as tightly as his visible fist on the table as he argued. “Well, the last Nephilim that he and your loudmouth mouthpiece killed came to me. Why should Jack be an different?” Cas looked distressed at the tone the conversation was taking but he waited, sensing this as what Chuck wanted of him, his silence.
“Okay. I will pick out a few things.” Cas hoped this was what Dean wanted and he was rewarded with a pleased grin as he wandered down the aisle to pick up a box of popcorn. However, as he picked up the “smart choice” popcorn with less butter and salt, he felt Dean roll the cart behind him and lean over to talk softly in his ear.
yourself?” Castiel nodded solemnly, his eyes pulled up from the floor to lock onto his, shame at his confession prevalent in his eyes.
Castiel let out a ragged breath and Dean grinned softly to himself, bolstering his confidence. He licked his lips and ran his tongue along his shaft. He could feel Cas’ eyes on him and he felt his body flush in response. He ran his tongue along the length several times before he wrapped his plump lips around him. He slowly sank the heft of him into his mouth and he angled himself so he could look up. Cas’ eyes were screwed up tightly and his teeth were gritted as if he were in pain. Dean knew better. He turned his attention back to making shallow passes with his mouth and he heard the soft gasps coming from his Angel’s mouth. He was fascinated as he felt Cas grow more firm with every pass, a sense of velvety steel in his mouth. Cas laced the fingers of his left hand gently into Dean’s hair and laid his right hand on his shoulder. He dug the nails of his right hand into Dean’s shoulder, making Dean groan throatily. Castiel gasped and slowly began to move his hips with Dean’s rhythm.
“Dean, I….” Cas began but Aberia’s voice from down the hall interrupted them. She was calling impatiently for him.
Cas ran a finger along Dean's neck and shoulders as he spoke. “I didn’t keep count…but those times you awoke from a bad dream that you thought you’d be trapped in? Those were me…I wasn’t always with you but our bond is strong. I sensed your distress and I could not ignore it…and of course Purgatory.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck as he shook his head. “I was scared. I’d just gotten you back and I didn’t want to misunderstand. I…I love you too. I have for a while but the time just never felt right with...everything.”
Cas had been about to start buttoning his white dress shirt up when his hands stilled and he stood silently, coming to stand behind Dean. His eyes were still closed but he felt Cas' presence at his back. He couldn’t help but glance up, the mirror reflecting Cas’ exposed chest and his fathomless gaze, which was full of fresh defiance. He thought Cas would put a hand on his shoulder, but he felt his hesitation. “Dean, Heaven has tried to take everything from me. Every moment that is my own is a victory in itself. Up there, nothing is mine. Not a moment. Everything I am belongs to them. I am nothing but a slave…I have nothing of my own…”
“No, but your human drama does,” Dean said with a grin as he crawled off the bed and went to the bathroom. He came back holding a paper cup of water and two pills victoriously and he delivered them with flourish. “Tylenol. Nectar of the Gods. Never leave home without it.” Castiel sat up and took it gratefully. He drank the water slowly, savoring it, before setting the tiny cup down on the nightstand.
think if we wait just a few more minutes…” Sam began, his mouth stretched in a line as he bit back any elaboration.
“Okay,” Cas relented but Dean’s tone made him turn and study him again. “What is it about today in particular?”
Dean’s face flushed as he felt Cas trace his skin as he’d done to him earlier and he nodded, looking up at Cas through his lashes, knowing what he wanted, and wanting to give that to him. Give as much of himself to Cas as he could. Just as Cas wanted to give him the world, Dean wanted to give Cas
“I’m a captive audience Castiel, if you’ve got a question, ask it,” Chuck spoke over his shoulder as he scribbled, reading Cas’ thoughts.
A long silence hung until Dean cleared his throat and glanced over at him, his fingers now still on the steering wheel. “But you’re into dudes exclusively now?”
“They fell,” Cas said with a tremble in his voice as his eyes tracked down Dean’s body. “Or so the stories say. If I knew an Angel that broke that law, Naomi removed that memory from me.” Dean was shaking his head before Cas finished talking.
“If you think I’m going to stay behind and wait to see if you come back AGAIN...” Dean bellowed as Aberia stood with her fists clenched at her side and added, “It is my fight because I choose it, as do the others!”
Dean had his worn duffel bag thrown open onto his bed. He tossed t shirts, jeans, and miscellaneous other gear in it haphazardly. He got to the bottom of his pants drawer and he found the mix tape he’d made Cas. He’d found it in his room when he’d died and tucked it in his drawer for safe keeping. He picked it up and smiled softly to himself before the hard line of his mouth returned and he hesitated. He laid it gently in his duffel bag before zipping it shut and throwing it over his shoulder.
“How did I not know that?” Cas said just as softly, his tone no longer accusatory, only full of true curiosity.
Dean gritted his teeth as Jack's forehead wrinkled in confusion. “I don’t understand.” Dean immediately stood and jammed his hands in the pocket of pajama pants and Cas watched him warily as he addressed his protégé.
Jack bit his lip, nervous to make Dean unhappy. His shoulders slumped and his eyes found the floor. “I wanted to, but the Empty was attacking and Castiel protected me. “
“This is my home, and my family,” Castiel said quietly as he looked around the table and watched Dean sit back down with his fresh coffee.
Dean continued working him with his mouth, stopping only when he saw the lights dim, but not calling Cas out for it now. He would pause, letting his warm breath ghost along Cas’ thighs as he left open mouthed kisses until Cas would bring his hand back to pull him back. He’d know then that Cas had himself under control. Dean, watching Cas as he moved his hot mouth up and down on him, thought he might be nearing his orgasm. Cas was letting out more breathy moans, his back arching off the bed, and his toes were beginning to curl into the sheets. Dean took the opportunity to drag a hand to Cas’ hole and traced it with his thumb…because he was going to bury himself there as soon as Cas came. He teased his entrance and slid the tip of his thumb in, feeling Cas tense around him as he heard him groan. Angels didn’t apparently need prepping or lube, but Dean loved to tease…
“Everybody’s staying the night. I set up the guest rooms and the air mattresses. We haven’t had this many people here in a long time, but we can make it work."
Cas glanced again at the door to their bedroom, trying to relay to Jack to stop the flow of conversation. “It wasn’t that bad…We can discuss it another time, Jack.”
“Hi there. I need a refill on my drink and they need two bourbons. Thank you very much," he crooned as he winked. The waitress smiled back, suddenly at ease and forgetting all about the loud disruption the table had caused moments earlier.
Castiel shrugged and stared up at the photo of the three of them again. Bobby started to make a comment, thought better of it, and left them both to sit in silence, but only after uttering softly to himself, “You damn, blind Idjit”.
“Excellent Mr. Jones. Here are your key cards. You are in room 384. The restaurant hours and menu are posted in your room and if you need any additional amenities, please let us know. Enjoy your stay and Robbie can help you get to your room.” She waived over a young man dressed in a red jacket who wheeled over a baggage cart. They laid out their duffels on the cart and they followed the bell boy to their room. Dean tried to act like this was their norm, when he and Castiel were both feeling a bit outclassed here.
Dean's face went blank and he turned fully back to the road, avoiding Cas' gaze. “Today? I mean, nothing, but with Eileen coming in and all. You know she’d want to cheer you up and Sam has all these plans so we just gotta suck it up for today. I get it though, okay? I do.”
“You coming out of the car, you know, today, Cas?” Dean asked with a tone of distress in his voice, needing backup.
Dean let a huff of air escape his nose and he rubbed his hand against the scruff he’d let grow on his face. “Nah, there’s no she. I’m on a business trip with my mom and a friend,” Dean gestured with his head at Mary and Bobby, who were deep in conversation at their booth.
Dean shot a glance to Sam again and then flashed his most obnoxious smile. “Whoa, whoa…you and Crowley? And here you’re giving Cas shit for screwing a human when you did the hibbity dibbity with a demon?”
Castiel nodded his head in acknowledgement. “I appreciate that still, and we did end up saving Dean thanks to your efforts…. but I’m only here to visit with you if you have the time.”
Dean nodded his agreement as he squeezed his hand. “Kids’ right. If it had to do with him, he deserves to know.”
“What…” Dean began but Chuck held up his hand and he fell silent. Chuck pointed to the bar, where the waiter was filling their drink order, and held a finger to his lips for silence. As the waiter brought back the drinks, Dean’s stomach growled loudly.
“Whoa,” Dean laid back on the pillow, still feeling lightheaded. “You don’t think it would have been like that on Earth, do you…I mean, sex together. Would it have felt like that?”
“What…the fuck…was that…” Dean gasped out, his shaking hands unable to release their hold on Cas as he didn’t feel fully in control of his limbs. Hell, he wasn’t sure his limbs existed anymore because he sure as hell couldn’t feel them. Cas’ eyes were as wide as his but he seemed to have retained a bit more clarity as he gently extricated himself from Deans’ hold and scooted them both up to the head of the bed, their breathing still ragged. “Cas?" Dean asked in question and Cas held up a finger.
"Very well," Chuck said softly, a soft smile forming on his face as he nodded and gestured for him to kneel. As Cas took a knee, Dean paced behind him. Chuck gestured again for Dean to move off to the side nearest the bed and reluctantly Dean did as he was told. HIs body was a livewire of nerves as he dug his nails into the palm of his hands, the backs of his legs bumping the side of the bed as he fidgeted.
“And that makes it better?” Cas growled out as he gripped his hands together. “I can never atone for the things I’ve done. I’m not the one you should be looking to for help to design new Angels.  I am immensely flawed and seem to do nothing but make things worse…”
“I’m not…I don’t find myself attracted to women. I’d say it was the psychological trauma of being tortured after sex but I had found myself to always have a preference for….for men. I mean, since attraction became an emotion I felt,” Cas stammered out, looking down at the box of sweets to avoid Dean’s anticipated look of disgust.
Cas checked the text on his phone, lingering unsurely in front of the faded red motel room door. The room numbers were correct, and he could feel his familiar presence nearby…but the room was dark behind the thin curtains. He turned the knob of the hotel room and it opened unimpeded. As he stepped in, the room remained dark, but his non-human eyes took mere seconds to adjust.
Chuck made a tsk tsk sound between his teeth as he shook his head. “Oh, Naomi. I really messed up with that design. She’s pretty much your complete opposite. Oh well, everyone can’t be a winner.”
“Amen…” Dean groaned out with a grin as he rolled to his side, still breathing a little hard. He and Cas’ naked bodies still touched, and Cas slid his arm back under Dean’s head and he pulled him in for a chaste kiss.
“Dean, why don’t you join me on Bobby and I’s next hunt? It might be good for you to get out…” Mary said with soft concern in her voice. Dean did nothing but twirl the fork between his fingers. “Dean? Did you hear me?”
Mary and Sam had come back with sacks of cheeseburgers and fries and several pizzas. They sat around the kitchen table laughing, passing food, and telling stories. They were catching Castiel up on all the missed hunts and events of the past year. Cas forced a smile, his heart aching with the details of the things he’d missed. Dean sensed early on how much this was upsetting Cas. He clasped his hand under the table and felt the reassuring squeeze of thanks returned from the Angel. His smile never faltered but Dean could see the pain and regret in his eyes.
Aberia was sitting awkwardly next to Jack when Dean and Castiel entered. She was poking nervously at the stack of pancakes in front of her, her fork her weapon of choice.
Sam put a hand on Jack’s shoulder, knowing how harsh Jack took any of Dean's criticism. “It’s okay, Jack. It’s not the first time one of us made a deal to save another. It’s not your fault.”
Chuck’s face fell in a moment of regret. “Yeah…that was a bad call. Castiel, I thought….I thought you deserved some peace. You and Dean didn’t seem to be making any headway. You seemed so unhappy the last few years. Then Jack was here and I thought perhaps he could help them instead and let you be in peace…I was wrong. Then you went and surprised me again by waking up and beating the Empty at his own game…You continue to evolve and surprise me. I’m excited to see who you will be in the future.”
The sound made the hair on the back of his neck stand up like he’d been shocked. The sensors in his brain tried to register Cas’ otherness as danger but he overrode that fear as he leaned back and slipped off his t shirt, letting it mix amongst the bed cover. Cas smiled happily at his reveal and he drug his nails softly down his chest, making Dean’s eyes roll back in his head and his breath shutter out of his mouth. “Oh fuck Cas, yes…” he groaned out much to Cas’ delight.
She put a face of regret but he was not fooled, and he could only hope others saw the glint of excitement in her eyes. “Castiel, I tried to fix you. So many hours wasted on you…but you have betrayed us for the last time…I take no pleasure in this.”The lie rolled off her tongue so smoothly as she spread her feet in a better stance and sunk the blade into his left wing, sinking home with little resistance. Nothing could withstand the strike of an Angel blade, not even an Angel. She hit the thickest part, near his shoulder joint, where the largest muscles lie. He gasped and tried to jerk forward but the Angels behind him pulled him back. He felt the damaged muscle twitch involuntarily and knew she’d now grounded him from flying even if he could manage to get away. As she reared back for another strike, he knew it would fall on his right wing. Those blows were for herself and the other Angels who were without their wings. Their jealousy personified by violence. They were personal, and it forced a cry out of him as the second strike hit home in the thick muscle of his wing. He felt blood dribbling down his inky, black feathers, and they ruffled involuntarily, spattering the floor like a deep crimson starscape. He tried not to look around him, but he saw the horror in some of the faces regardless. The truth was being revealed about Naomi now, and if he died here, he was sure the seeds of rebellion would be sown even in his absence.
Castiel shook his head immediately. “Needless worry for them. Chuck won’t hurt you. You’re one of his most proud accomplishments. You and your brother,” Castiel said with a spark of pride as he tucked his cellphone away, and tugged nervously at his shirt tail.
Castiel rolled his head to the side with a tired look in his eyes. “Dean I have known you for almost ten years now. You always go out to the bars on New Year’s and find a friend for the night,” Cas said as he put friend in air quotes.
“Are you sure? You ready to find what our new normal looks like? They said you could take all the time you needed.” Dean put his burger down, wiping his mouth with a napkin as he watched Cas think.
“It’s just me,” Sam said quietly as he pushed the door open. “I was looking for Cas…” Sam’s eyes widened just slightly at the sight of them together in the bed. He had the grace not to say anything as Dean made a halfhearted effort to pull the cover up a bit higher. “and…I guess I found him…Hey Cas.”
‘Look, you’ve been…” Dean lowered his voice as he began pushing the cart again. “human now…for a few months. You gotta get out there and try new things. Snacks. Driving. Not staying holed up in your room all day.”
go find a nice, sweet somebody looking for some fun….” Dean said in a growl as he turned on his heel and went to stalk off. He was mad as hell. Castiel and he had finally gotten their shit together and kissed, quietly and hurriedly one night last week in his bedroom before Sam called them to dinner….but Castiel had run scared and avoided him ever since. What did he care if he fucked a hundred people? He suddenly felt a heavy hand on his shoulder rooting him in place before he could step one foot out of the library.
“Castiel,” Dean growled out, more prayer than word and Cas’ eyes rolled back in his head. “I love you too… and I want you. I want you more than I’ve ever wanted anything in my fucking sorry ass life.”
“I need…no…I want you to stay, here, with me, Cas. I want this to be our home, together. Can I have that?” Dean could feel someone trembling softly and he wasn’t sure if it was him, or Cas, or both. “Please say I can have that.”
“Well, with no Angels around, topside is easy pickings for them,” Dean shrugged as he untucked his dress shirt and buckled his seat belt. He cranked the car, letting the comforting purr of the engine wash over him.
Sam sat there with a puzzled look on his face until Jack spoke quietly. “Sam….I really think you should listen to me. I tried to tell you before. Cas and Dean….”
“I’ve held it in my hands, Dean. Reading it was never hard. Come. I want to show you the upstairs and then I can leave you to…” but as Cas spoke, Dean’s eyes widened in fear.
Castiel nodded and smiled softly in return. “Exactly so, Sam. Except that not only does it refuel us, but it can also heal us. My wings began to heal after only a few weeks there.”
“You’re getting closer to the truth, though, Castiel. Ask Dean what he’s afraid of,” Chuck said as he picked up his phone and began texting. Dean gave Chuck a frustrated look and fought not to flip God off.
“Who is she?” the bartender said with an understanding smile as she leaned on the bar. She glanced down and saw everyone was satisfied so she gave her attention back to Dean. “I see a lot of glum faces here. She stand you up?”
Dean fished the plastic knife and fork from the to go bag and cut the steak into small pieces as Cas watched with rapt attention, his stomach growling again. “No thanks needed. We take care of each other. I got you. You go sit on the bed and I'll bring you some water.” He handed the plate to Cas and filled the empty water bottle from the tap before placing it on the nightstand beside him. Cas sat down, wincing as he did so and Dean hoped the pain killers would kick in soon. He was sure expelling your Grace had to be a bit more painful than the average muscle soreness. He watched him devour the steak readily as he sat cross legged on the bed, and he had a better idea for his achy ex-Angel than waiting for the meds to kick in. He had been leaning against the wall, studying him, fascinated by the slight variances in Cas’ movements. It was subtle. Someone who didn’t pay quite so much attention to him might not notice. His movements were less calculated, less planned. Even his hair seemed to have more of a mind of its own as it stuck up in random places. Castiel felt Dean’s eyes on him and he looked up, one cheek stuffed with food like a scruffy chipmunk. He swallowed and his cheeks turned a soft pink in embarrassment, something Dean had never seen, and it made his stomach tighten in a pleasant way.
Both of their eyes fluttered. They’d been making out for what felt like an eternity and they were both prime for release, having been rutting against one like two animals in heat. Dean feeling Cas’ laying hot and hard against his leg had been the best feeling, knowing he was making him feel that. Knowing he felt the same way, and having physical evidence of it…he couldn’t express how it made him feel.
Chuck leapt off his stool. “NO! It’s the thing I can’t fix in this design. That’s why I was hoping you’d find your way here. I could have willed you to come, but I wanted to see if you’d find your way on your own….and you always seem to…So, you are the one I need to help me make this next batch better than before. You….you, Gabriel, and Balthazar…..well, Balthazar went a little too far sometimes….and Gabriel with the porn stars…I really can’t condone that..” Chuck said with a nervous gesture of his hands,” but you…you’ve stayed dedicated to my creations. You protect the human race, even against your own flock. Why do you make that choice? For research purposes of course…” Chuck said as he gestured at his table before propping his chin upon his hand as he leaned on his knees.
Castiel took his right hand and cupped Dean’s cheek in it, letting the weight of his words fall. “For us.”
Dean rolled his eyes again and pressed their lips together, letting his nails run down Cas’ back, smiling as he felt the Angel shiver. He stopped the kiss before it could deepen and pressed their foreheads together. “How long do you think we have till…”
Cas took a shaky breath to steady himself, closed his eyes a moment, then opened them to give him a steady gaze. “Dean, there’s never been anyone like us. Nor will there likely ever be again,” Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder, the exact point where he’d left his mark so many years ago. “I pulled you out of Hell, but it wasn’t your body, not this body. I tucked your soul away, inside of me, protecting it until we escaped. Then I rebuilt you at the atomic level and gently placed your soul inside of you…” Dean stared, unblinking and swallowing with the weight of his words. “Our profound bond is more than friendship and our shared experiences. Your soul knows me, my grace, on a level no other can. I think they…sing, for lack of a better word, for one another when we are so close. That is…what it
“Hey Cas,” Dean said softly, almost reverently, as he looked him over. He looked younger than the last time he’d seen him, like the last few difficult years of their lives had been wiped from his vessel…and he did look a little pissed. There were definitely a few storm clouds lurking behind the clear blue skies of his eyes.
Castiel came down the stairs then, finally releasing a look of triumph. The smile he radiated was only negated by the fact that his wings still hung limp and useless at his side.
Cas’ eyes lit up with excitement. “Food and television with my family,” He said with little hesitation.
Castiel looked down at the burn, watching Dean stare at it, the anger slowly disappearing. “Of who my real friends and family are. Of where I actually belonged…lest I ever forget or she try to mess with my memories again. I needed to remember the pain she caused me. Of why I had been warded in the first place.”
Dean was shaking his head before he could finish his sentence. “That is the fucking last thing I want, Cas. Please, show me the upstairs.”
Chuck leaned over. “Sorry I couldn’t give you a heads up but they’re a bit dramatic. Insisted on the shock factor.” Chuck waved over a waiter who’d had the good sense to avoid the table during the arguing.
“Wait, doesn’t that kind of make them all your children?” Dean said with a glance at Jack, who was looking a bit lost at the statement.
“It wasn’t that type of call….” Cas said with growing dread and defeat in his tone, knowing this would not go over well.
“But your grace and your wings…”  Dean argued, his hands clenched into fists at his side as he shot an angry look to Chuck.
“This whole thing would be a lot less awkward without God sitting over there listening to everything we say,” Dean grumbled again as he ground his teeth together.
“Do I have to explain why we might have been too preoccupied to hear them?” Dean said with a warning glance.
Chuck sighed and leaned against the wall, crossing his arms over his chest. “Alright, I admit it wasn’t my best idea to cut the Angels loose. Survival of the Fittest didn’t go well for you guys…”
‘Excellent. I’ll set the table for another. Mary taught me how.” Jack said as he turned abruptly and descended the stairs, making Aberia tilt her own head in thought.
After he dressed and headed toward the garage, Cas saw Sam shuffling around in the kitchen, but when Sam spied him he darted to the open door and blocked it with his body. “Hey, Cas. You heading out with Dean?”
Dean cleared his throat and felt his cheeks flush as he leaned on the counter, trying for relaxed as he smiled gently. “We’d prefer one king if you have it in a suite.”
Dean stopped as he set inside the second part of the suite. To the right of the door was the king bed, adorned in shades of chocolate browns and golds. The jacuzzi was to the left, and the room divided from carpet to tile down the middle. The jacuzzi had new tealight candles, unlit, surrounding its rounded edge. An, until now, unnoticed balcony ran from one side of the suite to the other and there were entrances on both sides. “Well no wonder the little clerk blushed. This room screams that someone is getting laid.”
“You really must argue with me over everything…No matter. This won’t take long.” She leaned across the desk, the palms of her hands pressed down onto the desktop to hold her weight. “I need you to do something…not for me. For Heaven. You aren’t going to like it, but it really must be done, Castiel.”
“It’s okay, Cas. I’d rather you have been making that happen anyway…So, this place?” Dean sniffed back more tears that had sprung as they’d spoken of his brother. The relief he felt knowing Eileen was with him had lifted a weight from his shoulders he hadn’t felt himself carrying until now. He looked up at the house, now fully able to see it without grief clouding his vision. It didn’t have the feel of a new home. It looked well loved, with soft cream paint and shutters of a greyish blue. The color wasn’t nearly as beautiful as Cas’ eyes, the blue he compared everything to in his mind, but it was charming, and felt warm and inviting without any pretenses. It was two stories but could never be described as ostentatious. It felt comfortable, warm, and safe…like it was missing someone sitting on the steps drinking a cup of coffee like one of those tv commercials he’d always secretly envied even as he poked fun at them. The steps were wide and welcoming as he slowly ascended them, looking to his left to see a beautiful wooden porch swing that overlooked the grove of fruit trees they’d seen when they arrived. The door was a beautiful, rich dark wood and to the right of it was the name Winchester on a wooden plaque, with his birth and death dates on it. He looked a bit amused at the multiple death dates and turned to glance at Cas, who gave a wry smile. Dean didn’t know why he suddenly felt nervous, but his heart was pounding in his chest as he turned the knob and pushed the door open. This felt far more personal than the bar and the garage. It radiated love and the idea of home…and he could feel Cas in every fabric of it.
“Now then, let’s meet the Angels of the New Choir…,” Chuck said with pride in his tone as he opened the door and a hundred sets of eager new eyes met theirs.
Cas’ eyes narrowed softly. “I...uh…am not sure how you would feel about it. How about you?” Dean studied his face for a beat then nodded.
“Excellent. Let me get you a box for your things.”  Cas turned as the bell on the door chimed and watched Dean go out to the car.
“There are not enough versions of it to describe you,” Castiel growled out as he grabbed up his socks and shoes and started putting them on. Dean grabbed the door face and pulled himself up to a standing position.
Castiel put his hands on Dean’s shoulders and leaned their foreheads together and Dean was thankful he wasn't as observant as he used to be. Staring into his eyes was overwhelming either way. “I apologize for upsetting you. I was merely making an observation, not trying to make you feel guilty. I promise. You have to let it go. You've no reason to continue to punish yourself for something I hold no animosity toward you for."
“Eh, I don’t think it’ll be that bad to get all sweaty with you, Cas,” Dean said with a wink as he led them out of the room together.
Jack rubbed at them defiantly, blinking to clear the heaviness. “Yes. Sam helps me stay on a schedule. I’m usually asleep by now but you’re here and….”
“You’ve never had cake?” came a concerned voice from behind the counter, a middle-aged woman with attractive features.
Dean’s eyes tightened. These Angels didn’t talk like any Angels he’d ever heard before. They sounded like bickering kids. He pushed to the edge of Aberia, brushing past her outstretched wings. The battle was still in full force. Angels were smiting and slaying demons with impressive speed. He saw no Angels down for the count either. His eyes were continuously drawn to one Angel. He could see nothing of that one except their wings, but they were pitch black. They stood out harshly against the wings of cream and gold and they moved with amazing speed, even though demons were coming at them at all sides. Their Angel Blade in their right hand slashed out over and over again. Dean swore the battle would have been almost beautiful, like something from a painting, if not for all the screams of terror from the demons. It was a massacre by every definition of the word. The few demons who had Angel Blades were proving impotent against the armor the Angels wore, striking it and being deflected at every turn. His heart raced as we watched the black winged Angel grab two demons by their faces and slam them down, smiting them in moments before snatching up their blade again. The armor is smart, thought Dean. He’d seen too many Angels, Cas included, get shiskabobbed in the back by an Angel Blade. The armor solved that problem and made them a Hell of a lot scarier to look at.
“You dug yourself into that hole,” Sam said as he sipped his cooling coffee and Mary shrugged in agreement as she pulled her mouth into a tight line.
Dean didn’t notice until they were hours away and had stopped for the night that he didn’t have his phone. While the others stayed in the diner, binging on greasy food and beers, Dean searched the seats, trunk, and every crack and crevice for his phone. It was nowhere to be found. Damn it. He slumped into the driver seat in defeat. Phones were easy enough to replace but he’d lost all his photos, contacts, texts, and voicemails. He’d never admit to anyone else he would often fall asleep at night flipping through old messages and photos on his phone. The group chat of Sam, Dean, and Cas…. candid photos they’d taken of the Angel…and a few voicemails Cas’ had left in annoyance when Dean had been too busy to answer his phone. All gone. The last remnants of Cas…gone. Dean swallowed hard and took a deep breath to compose himself. This shouldn’t still be this damn hard! It had been almost a year now…a year in just a few days. Cas wasn’t coming back and that was that.
“It had to be you. You know that. There’s never been another Angel like you, and unfortunately there can’t be another one ever again…. We can’t have all of my Angels choosing to live on Earth, now can we?”
Dean narrowed his eyes and pulled his shirt over his head. “Is that a challenge? I’ve been doing this longer than you, Cas…”
Castiel smiled softly and looked to the door as Sam and Mary entered as well to check in on him. “My weaknesses have not been a secret for some time, Dean. However, she will most definitely use you all against me, so now is as good a time as any to tell you, you all will not be joining me if it comes to another confrontation. Also, I will not make any of the Angels come. This is not their fight.”
Castiel is able to find out the situation in Heaven and where Naomi is and the risk she poses him and all of those he loves
Dean gave himself over to Cas’ touch, gave his body over to his Angel, and as their bodies joined together, truly together, for the first time, a last powerful warning crack of lightning landed outside…but it was too late. Their voices intermingled in soft reverential tones as they worshiped one another, their naked, damp flesh sliding together in their own song, their own rhythm. Here there was no God, no Angel, no rules in their way. Not now. Not ever again. As they cried their release together, a feeling of weightlessness, of true freedom, added an extra layer of pleasure to the moment. Even as the Angels in Heaven screamed their outrage at this highest insult, of Castiel taking the Michael sword for his own, he could no longer hear them, because he may have fallen…but he’d also risen above and become something more…and something less. Heaven held no sway…and they were the ones afraid now.
“Sure, Sammy. What other happiness do you wanna crap on?” Dean barked out as he sat on the edge of bed, and Sam sheepishly sat down beside him, tucking his long hair behind his ears.
“Excuse me?” Naomi’s eyes widened and she cocked her head to the side in confusion. “God is doing what? Where?”
“I have you,” Cas said as he slid a finger into his mouth and reached around to Dean’s ass, teasing as he took him back into his mouth.
Dean rolled his eyes and laced his fingers with Cas’ own, enjoying the warmth and safety it radiated into him. Their hands laced together felt so easy…so right. “Okay, yeah, but I haven’t done it a lot with people I
The fighting erupted immediately, blades clashing in thunderous noise. Dean had never heard such a sound. He quickly lost Cas in the fighting. Too many Angels were clustered around him, but he took comfort in the tips of black wings soaring above the jumble of limbs to his left. He whirled, blocking a blow from an Angel, and lashed out, causing a gash to form on the arm of his assailant. The bright blue glow of Grace that shone from the wound make Dean blink and step back, only to duck as the offending Angel swung for his head. When they missed, he felt the clang of the chest piece as someone attempted to strike him from behind and he sent up a silent thank you to Cas for his insistence...He'd hate to go out impaled by Bad Angel Extra number 2. Instead he felt hands shove him roughly and he toppled onto the ground, his cheek hitting hard into the dirt and the metal of the chest-plate knocking the wind out of him. As soon as he could draw a breath he curled in on himself, trying to protect himself from the stampede of feet around him. There was no determining friend from foe at this angle. He crawled carefully through the crowd, trying to find a clearing to stand up and get his bearings in, but he felt himself yanked up by the back metal collar of the chest-piece and he gagged as the front was pushed into his windpipe. He scrambled to free himself from the hands holding him but when he was able to get his head around enough to view his assailant, he knew he was fucked. He tried to push away but she grabbed his right arm at the wrist and twisted it at an odd angel behind his back, making him cry out in pain as he felt bone snap.
Dean glowered. “Fine. Whatever. If I puke, I’ll make sure to aim your way.” He walked toward Cas, as did Sam and Jack. Mary furrowed her brow but followed suit. Cas’ wings spread majestically and before they knew it, they were home. Dean staggered away as soon as they were back, and he grabbed the edge of the war room table. “I do not miss that. Not at all.”
“Cas?” Dean hissed back, peering into the darkness. That was the only person with a voice like that. The gravelly tone was so obviously Cas that it sent a shiver of familiarity down his arms.
Debriel cleared his throat as Handriel stepped forward slightly, her own face hard with frustration. The other Angels looked between Castiel and Handriel with growing concern. “Commander, I don’t think…”
Dean began swearing loudly and Cas winced visibly, his attention immediately going to his distraught lover on the phone. “I’m eight fucking hours away, Cas.”
Debriel shook his head. “Not until we have finished healing your wings. Right, Aberia?” Aberia looked up from where she’d been staring at Naomi’s body and nodded, her face blank.
Chuck shook his head. “Jack is ours. If another appears, then it would be your turn. But since Jack didn’t stay dead, he’s still ours.”
"I have no doubt I'd be safer with you by my side, but as I said...." Cas had begun gently, his hand squeezing softly into Dean's shoulder again.
“Oh, so business as usual?” Sam said with a smile and just like that, the tension was gone between them.
Castiel laughed then winced as it made wounds on his stomach sting. Aberia glanced to Dean then looked disapprovingly at Castiel as her hands hovered over one of the wounds. Dean saw the wound’s edges shrink but she didn’t appear to be healing him completely.
“He would most certainly be dead, and that is not in our best interest,” Aberia finished for Dean, her voice blank and unfeeling.
“You really don’t play fair,” Dean said shakily as Cas’ lips left hot kisses along his jaw line. “I’ll wear the damn armor.” He felt Cas smile triumphantly against his skin and he let out a rattily breath. Cas’ victory all but glowed off of him like a beacon and he gave him one last forceful kiss, his tongue gently sliding along Dean’s own before parting, his eyes full of relief.
Dean’s anger melted away and he reached for Cas’ hand, which he freely gave. He looked down at Cas then back up to the Angels around him. “I'm sorry. Thank you for everything today. If not for you all…”
However, he heard Sam walk down the hall before he ever knocked.  He didn’t have the will to move and disturb Dean until he had to, though. As Sam’s shallow knock sounded, Dean jumped awake. Castiel knew it would wake him. He’d been a hunter too long to sleep through things like that. “Who’s that?” Dean growled out, his hand slipping under his pillow for his gun out of routine.
“I’m still very confused, Dean. What?” Cas' voice had taken on the annoyed tone that Dean loved egging on and he bit the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
“It’s a part of me I am more than willing to give up to be with you,” Castiel countered as he put a hand to Dean’s face, running a thumb along the new stubble.
This was not what Cas had expected. His jaw fell open a moment before he snapped it shut dramatically. “You’re serious.”
Sam couldn't argue with his logic but he knew his brother and he knew he wasn't built for staying in one place for too long, at least not when he was dying for a distraction. “You’re just bored.”
“And whose fault was that?” Chuck said with a glower of his own, his face falling as he studied Dean. “Gotta say, that was a pretty low point on your likeability, Dean. Kicking him out of the bunker…I couldn’t even write you that cold hearted.”
Debriel seemed to quote from memory. “The commander said that Angel Blades can kill us….and he said that there are a lot of Angel Blades owned by hunters and Demons…”
“I’m really sure they're fine. I’ll just try to call them myself, okay?” Sam fumbled for his phone while trying to casually keep them all in the room, but Jody and Mary were both watching him impatiently. "Come on you two idiots," Sam murmured softly under his breath.
. He wanted this. He wanted this more than he’d ever wanted anything in his life that was strictly for him. For once he could be selfish and have something…someone…who was only his. Who wanted only him. He’d been so damn selfless his whole like that the thought of having this made the hot pangs of lust lick like flames somewhere deep inside of him. It mingled and merged with his,
“I mean…if you’d rather do that…” Dean said with a grin as he feigned crawling off the bed and laughed playfully as he felt Cas use his Grace to yank him back onto the bed at the same time as his hand reached out and his fingers twisted into Dean’s hair.
“Fuck,” Dean growled out as he drove into him with more confidence now, fighting to keep his eyes open, to watch Cas allow this. To watch him want this too. His mind was red with want and possession, but suddenly he could feel Cas’ grace, like a soothing balm, a living thing in its own right. It felt like Cas was inside of him instead of the other way around. “Cas?” Dean’s voice was nervous as he said his name.
Jack took that moment to come and sit closer to Cas. He all but threw himself into the empty chair nearest him. “Castiel, did you see my mother while you were there? Is she okay?”
Dean snatched up the tv remote and plopped himself onto the king size bed, sighing comfortably as he stretched out. The tv snapped on and Dean scrolled through the local channels and beyond. “Nothing good on, never is. I don’t miss cable,” Dean murmured as he watched Cas unpack. The soft sound of the hangers sliding across the closet bar and the hum of the air conditioner made his eyes feel heavy after the early wake up call and the long day on the road. Cas had moved on to Dean’s duffle as well and by the time he was done, Dean was asleep. Castiel looked behind him, hearing the change in his breathing pattern. He laid the empty duffels in the closet and the weapons bag in it as well and slid the door shut softly. He stood a moment trying to decide how to proceed. It took him only a moment to remove his own shoes and socks and softly lie on the bed. He hesitated, knowing Dean as an angry sleeper but he moved slowly. He laid on his left side and softly laid an arm across his stomach. Dean’s eyes creased open in drowsy suspicion, but after confirming who it was, his head lolled to the left and rested on Cas’ right arm before he fell back asleep. Cas felt his heart swell, an impossibility for Angels, and he closed his eyes in contentment.
Dean gave him a glare as he ran his fingers along the spine of the books on the bookshelf in front of him absently. “You know what I mean…Sure, it’s great that there are less incidents right now but when has that ever meant anything good? It always meant something worse was out there we hadn't figured out yet. Monsters don't stop Sam. they just get quiet or something worse kills them."
“Claire, not helping,” Jody shot back. “Mary, don’t you think you’re being a little harsh here? They’re grown men.”
Dean drove on, not sure where his destination was. His mind wandered, unimpeded by emergency after emergency that he’d had to handle in life. Mom and Dad were here. Bobby was here. The Heaven he’d dreaded that Cas had described to him long ago, was no longer here. Jack and Cas had made Heaven better, healed it. He was taken back to a moment many years ago in a hotel room when Cas had come back from Purgatory…He’d been so distraught by what he had done to Heaven that he’d talked of killing himself…He supposed it was good that he had been given the opportunity to fix the perceived wrong he felt he’d done, but Dean couldn’t help feeling a nagging feeling in his gut. Frustration? Jealousy? Rebuffed? Cas had been alive all this time. Jack had become God months ago and Cas had never so much as bopped down to let him know, send him a sign, anything. Sam didn’t know it, but Dean had spent many a night alone in the library pouring through the lore, trying to find any way to bring him back. A spell. A curse. He’d even poured into the Book of Damned on one desperate night he wasn’t proud of…There’d been nothing, and with Jack having gone “hands off” he had no players left to call on. He’d been forced to accept Cas was gone, locked away in the Empty for all time.
Cas could feel Dean looking at him but he kept looking out, trying to ignore Dean's reflection in the glass before sighing and letting his shoulders fall. "This is going to make you uncomfortable.”
Cas pushed him forward, pressing him into the closed door and Dean grunted as the air knocked out of him. He got barely a breath back before Cas’ hands were roaming along his side and his fingers were sliding under his shirt. “Please, Dean. Do this one thing I ask. I’ll give you anything you want when this is over,” Cas whispered gruffly in Dean’s ear as his fingers skirted the waist of his pants and Dean groaned. “if you just let me protect you now.”
Castiel was still studying the picture when Bobby spoke up. “The waitress took the photo. It was after a hunt. They’d solo’d it and drug their asses in here beat halfway to Sunday. I took ‘em out to eat and patched ‘em up.  It was after they lost John.”
“I care very much, Dean,” Castiel said from right behind him, his warm breath ghosting along his neckline. Dean froze in place, his hands in angry fists at his side. His shoulders tensed from anger but even that slight pressure on his shoulder of that familiar hand made his anger subside….just a little.
Castiel sunk unceremoniously onto the far end of the couch, his coat spreading out on either side of him. “Well, you have time to go to town and hit a bar if you want. Sorry I spoiled your plans.”
Castiel struggled to find words, a surefire sign he was lying. “I, uh, had a call I needed to take. I didn’t want to bother anyone…” Cas said, his eyes darting left as he spoke. That was another one of his tells that Dean had picked up on.
“How do you come by that assumption?” Aberia said as she studied them together, her brows knitted together in a mixture of annoyance and confusion. “We are traitors to the cause of Heaven in her eyes and the eyes of the other Angels in her charge."
“Enough, Naomi! You are not to speak to him. After the things you did, after trying to make me murder him….” Castiel stood straight up and his shoulders rolled back, finding newfound strength.
“I mean, I figured it was not for a lack of interest, but time and opportunity,” Castiel said with an unreadable face as he watched Dean pop the top of the soda can. The crack of the top all but echoed in the silent bunker.
Cas tilted his head in the way he used to when Dean puzzled him and Dean’s eyes got wider as his cheeks flushed redder. Mercifully, Cas shook his head and Dean visibly calmed down. “My relationship with my siblings would best be described as
He growled into the phone, attempting not to wince in pain from the sudden movement. “Gravely injured is a stretch. I am fine.”
Castiel shook his head slowly, and Dean could see his shoulders tense even from his position across the room. Dean began to wish Cas had doubled up the sheet as he could easily see the outline of Cas' ass through the sheet. He blushed again, feeling a few conflicting emotions he absolutely did not feel like sharing. He was drawn back to the conversation by Cas' deep, gravelly voice.  “Why should I? This is my life, Aberia. Not yours. Not Heavens. Mine, and I will say again that it is none of your business.”
“Liar.  I’m good at reading faces. Some people think I’m psychic,” She said with a grin as she tapped her head. She nodded her head to Mary and Bobby. “Those two ain’t just friends and you’re missing someone pretty badly. If I’m wrong, it’d be a first.”
“How long ago?” Castiel said with a mixture of concern and unhidden pride in his tone at the Choir's work.
“Dean Winchester…. you are in over your head, here. Do you know why I called him here? Maybe he would listen to you….” Naomi put her full attention on Dean then, her eyes seeming so sincere but Dean had fallen for her tricks before.
“And for the cake, hmm, I’m told our chocolate is the best. Sinful Triple Chocolate. Seems fitting for an ex-monk.”
Dean huffed out a ragged breath. “Fuck, Cas, didn’t know you’d be a biter…I’m not complaining…” as his nails dug into Cas’ back.
“I still don’t really think that was necessary,” Mary added abruptly as she applied the butterfly bandages to the shallow cut on her arm.
Cas and Dean are called to dine with Chuck, better known as God, but there is an unexpected and unwanted guest joining them that could take away the freedom that Cas has just begun to enjoy. Deals made may come back to haunt them but Chuck may be able to help him find the true freedom he seeks...but there's always a cost in any deal.
Castiel smiled in understanding but his voice rang with sincerity. “Sam and Dean are both very much alive, Bobby. I can assure you of that.”
They moved the party to the living room, everyone piling in chairs to watch Netflix, at Cas’ request. It was one of the human things he had expressed he missed the most. Without any discussion or debate, Dean and Castiel sat together on the couch with Jack on Cas’ other side. Sam had settled into one of the large armchairs. It wasn’t that Sam didn’t miss his friend but he knew he’d been bested in his heart, and he was very okay with that. Sam shot a smile to his mom, unseen by Dean. Mary smiled back as she looked at the cozy, family-like set up on the couch. Her fear for Dean’s future disappointment was there still but at this moment, it didn’t matter. She still didn't truly comprehend the relationship Dean and Castiel had but perhaps it just wasn't her place to try to make sense of it. As long as Dean was happy...
“Thank you for allowing me to meet your…your family,” Aberia said as she paused to find the right words as they strode together down the empty corridor, their soft footfalls the only sounds as she spoke. “Though I do not see the appeal, I understand that they are important to you.”
“It’s a nice reminder that you aren’t made of stone,” Dean said offhandedly but Cas’ face became serious and his eyebrow quirked dangerously again.
Cas swallowed hard, wanting so much to do just that but trying to stay strong for his sake. “Yes, I do. It’s the only chance to keep you all safe, and those we care about that have passed away. It’ll all work out. Tell Jack and Sam…. I love you. I love all of you….” He abruptly let go and he and Naomi walked off into the darkness, Cas sparing more than one glance behind him, his fists clenched at his side.
“Thank you for doing that…” Dean said softly as he hugged Miracle to him again, hoping his presence, that he was okay, would somehow be relayed through Miracle.
“Dean,” a gravelly voice he hadn’t heard in a year came distant but clear from a small wooded area behind the hotel and bar.
“You were born at least partially human, Cas wasn’t. His body isn’t used to all the things we are.” Dean answered and Cas nodded gratefully.
Cas chuckled darkly, smiling against his skin. “It absolutely was. My most sincere apologies. How ever can I redeem myself to you?”
Castiel pressed a hand to Jack’s shoulder and his eyes were alight with happiness. “I’m sorry I’ve made this evening all about me. Has there been any exciting news here?” He looked between Dean and Jack, true curiosity painting his face.
Cas opened his mouth to speak but studied Dean a moment before he sighed and shook his head. "I can't lie to you. That's not a promise I can make, but I believe it will be. Now, believe in me."
Dean’s jaw tightened as he held back words he wanted to say. He twirled his whiskey glass in front of him. “Well…. what do you want to do with the time you have? How about some lowly human stuff you’ve missed?”
“I stand before you all today with distressing, yet not surprising, news. Castiel has refused yet another direct order, one that would help solidify the safety of Heaven and all of its Angels once and for all.” She stopped and let the gravity of her sentence sink and let the whispering commence before she started again. She was a masterful weaver of words, of that Castiel could not deny. ‘Why? Because he cares more about the humans on Earth than he does his Brothers and Sisters here." He felt her lay the heaviness of her inflection on brothers and sisters, trying to cement the family betrayal. He wanted to scoff. this was no family. This was slavery, but he kept his mouth drawn into a tight line. "He cares more about doing forbidden, blasphemous acts with humans than he does about preserving the multitudinous souls within our charge. Because he is a perverse, disobedient, rebel who does not care about any of you!” Her voice reached its peak and the silence after she finished was deafening. He watched her, able to picture the look of victory in her eyes without being able to see her face. She truly thought she had him trapped for good this time. He could not deny it was clever. The voices in the room began to buzz. Castiel looked around slowly, again knowing where this was heading. If she thought any of this came as a surprise to him, she underestimated him once again. However, a plan for how to get out of it had not yet materialized in his mind...That was a problem.
Cas shook his head as he spoke, the pain of Naomi's torture of him still fresh on his mind, and Chuck's digging it up had still struck a cord within him. “No, it was self-defense…. but discrediting Naomi had been in my thoughts as a way to loosen her control over Heaven in your absence.”
Dean took a breath to argue, letting his feet slide off the table. He squared his shoulders and wet his lips in preparation. However, Sam cleared his throat and unexpectedly interjected before he could. “Yeah, you have Cas, several times, but we’re doing this. It’s our choice,” Sam said firmly, his arms crossed in defiance as he stood across the room with Mary and Jack, his own body language conveying the argument they'd had over the past few hours.
Aberia’s face tried to maintain it’s anger but her uncertainty flickered in her eyes. “I don’t have a choice, Castiel, and neither do you. Come on. Get dressed and let’s be off. Perhaps we can dissipate the human smell from you before we return home. It will help to lessen your offensive behavior to the others.“ She tried to put a hand on his bare arm but Castiel stepped backward from  her outstretched hand.
“What was that?” Dean demanded, his eyebrows furrowed in concern as he sat back in his seat. “Scared the Hell out of me.”
Dean sighed softly and the corner is his mouth pulled up in the hint of a smile. “I trust you, Cas. I want to try.”
The hotel room was dark save for the bathroom door that was open a crack, illuminating the tan carpet and the edges of the beds, their hunter green comforters about 30 years out of style. Jack had insisted on taking the couch since he wasn’t sleeping as much as in previous months. That had left Dean and Sam to one full bed and Mary with the other. Dean slept closest to the door, his back to the others. Jack’s bed for the night, the couch laid out in a loud pattern of pastel plaid that clashed with the comforters, was pushed up against the wall closest to Sam’s bed. Dean’s eyes were just slowly cracking open due to the snoring coming from his younger brother when he heard a loud gasp from Jack. Dean’s years of survival instincts kicked in and he rolled off the bed, taking a knee and feeling for the nightstand light. As it popped on, Sam sat straight up and had his pistol in his hand, aimed at the front door, which was sitting closed and harmless.  Mary, too, was sitting up with her weapon in her hand.
The young girl glanced up and between them and her eyes widened just a hair and her own cheeks flushed in embarrassment at her assumption. “Of course. My apologies. The only suite with a king we have available at this time has a jacuzzi hot tub. It does run the rate up a bit though. It is $289 a night and we would need a credit card on file here at the desk.”
Cas stayed stone faced as Dean’s face reddened in anger. “Would you make you feel better if I told you I wasn’t’?
“You simply enjoy torturing those you can’t control, Naomi. You aren’t this noble, sacrificing creature you paint yourself to be, so don't play those games with me."
They both stared at each other in uncomfortable silence until both of their phones dinged in their pockets. Dean startled and sloshed a small amount of soda on his shirt before grumbling and snatching his phone out of his pocket. Cas smoothly slid his phone out as well.
“Chuck…why is he here?” Castiel said with a tremor in his voice Dean wasn't sure he'd ever heard from him. His own back went rigid and his hand itched to reach around for the gun at his back.
“I don’t understand…” Jack said as he watched Castiel struggle, slowly sitting down as Sam and Mary saw there was no need for their assistance.
Dean let out a breath. “Cas…. I…I hope you're okay up there. I wish…. Just…just stay safe…. God, this is stupid. You probably can’t even hear me…” He swung his legs out of his car and slammed the door, walking slowly into the diner, his heavy feet scraping against the asphalt as he went to join Mary and the rest of the hunting party.
“Damn it, I missed you,” Dean whispered into the shoulder of Cas’ coat, unable to contain it despite his nerves.
“Fucking Hell, Cas. What the Hell is that?” Dean said with alarm at the overly large symbol all but carved into Cas’ back, between his shoulder blades.  It was healed as well, the lines only raised scars now.
Castiel huffed out an exasperated laugh. “I have no idea…I’ve spent this last year in Heaven and the years before that fighting or running from Angels…I don’t know what I’m supposed to do now.”
"Witch first, then anal, as we agreed," Cas whispered into his ear before putting his lobe between his teeth.
Castiel’s eyes grew heated, absorbing every detail of Dean’s face. “Dean, I have turned my back on Heaven to serve your purposes. Instead of Angel Radio, your prayers and your voice are all I wait to hear. I am yours to command…and they hate us both for it. Heaven commanded me to save you from Hell, but you have changed me in all the ways Heaven is afraid of…You make me want things. Human things.  Friendship. Sex…Love. You make me want a life I can’t have unless…”
“I’ve already given up everything else I hold dear to help Heaven, Naomi…. My memories are all I have left. You will not take those too.” Castiel stepped backward, putting as much distance between him and Naomi that he could.
Cas looked at him with such confusion that Dean laughed out loud at his facial expression before bending down to soothe his frown with one soft kiss. “Dean we literally had sexual intercourse in this bed not 12 hours ago.”
“It’s not a contest, Dean,” Sam said softly. “You guys don’t trust us. We don’t trust you. We haven’t had many positive interactions with Angels, with very few exceptions,” Sam said as he looked to Jack and Cas. “But I think we all agree Naomi doesn’t have anyone’s best interests at heart other than her own. Do you want her ruling Heaven in Chuck’s absence?” A definitive no arose from the small crowd of Angels. “Well, there’s something we can agree on. Let’s focus on that and build from it. My family can handle ourselves. You don’t have to worry about that. Can we focus on getting Cas healed before Naomi gets here then? I feel like that ought to be a bigger priority than us fighting among ourselves.”
“Same to you….” Castiel said more softly now and he hung up. Aberia took the phone away and pushed him back on the pillows as the other Angels descended upon him to begin cleaning up and healing his wounds.
Sitting on the bed across from him, she waved her hand dismissively. “Oh, you know what I mean, Sam. What’s the use of having the supernatural connections you two have if they can't help in the trenches?”
“A long time,” Cas answered back with a soft smile of his own before turning to look out the window again.
“But Heaven is our home…” Aberia said as she shook her head and again frowned at the stack of pancakes in front  of her.
Dean felt his chest swell and his head spin and he leaned against the Impala for less conspicuous support. His hands rested on the sun warmed metal as he stared at Cas. “Wait…just…stop talking for a second. You built this. For me…and there are others?”
Chuck sighed and sat down on his stool, turning to face him. “You really don’t think much of me, do you? Fair enough, but remember,” Chuck said as he pointed the pencil tip at Cas, “I rebuilt you more times that even you know…I’m not all bad. I do care…”
“I didn’t expect kindness here. I never have,” Castiel said as he looked around Naomi’s empty office. “Now, where did you need me to go?”
“Dean, I only stated the rules. Anyone who dies an Angel, goes to the Empty. That’s just how it works, and has for millennia." Chuck said this all with little emotion in his voice, like reading from a textbook and not dooming an Angel he seemed to show great interest in.
“Heaven’s going to fall without him….and he made a deal and….” Dean murmured, seeming to not fully understand himself.
Enid frowned softly as she pulled her attention away from studying Dean and the other humans gathered at the wall. "We do not expect your attentions will turn back to Heaven for several decades. Time of that increment is not of importance to us. As for Naomi, we expect you to do what you must." Dean tried to concentrate on her words and not on her implications but he very quickly came to the realization that she was insinuating Cas would return to Heaven when and the other humans in the room were dead....Well, that was a cheerful thought. He tried to shake off the sudden thought of him aging and Cas staying exactly the same, something he had tried not to think about. He shoved his hands in his pockets and fidgeted, trying to shake off the thought as Cas continued speaking.
Dean sat in the passenger seat of Cas’ newest procurement, a zippy little blue sedan. It wasn’t Dean’s style, but it was world’s better than the old Lincoln Continental and the pickup truck. Neither had fit Cas. This was better….not perfect, he thought as he judged the interior, but better. He had given an appreciative nod to the newness of it, happy to not worry about Cas breaking down on the side of the road.
“I suffer only for you, Dean,” Cas said quietly as Dean finished with the buttons and slid the shirt off his shoulders. Dean’s heart was beating out of his chest now as he slid his hands along the lightly tanned skin of Cas’ torso. His hands remembered carving an Angel banishing sigil into this very flesh yet there was not so much as a hint of that. Dean slid his hand down to glide it over the Angel Warding tattoo on his side, his nails tracing the lines.
Dean was stretched out on the bed, his head propped on his hands as he laid out on his stomach, when he saw Castiel walk by his open door. He was in a damn hurry was all Dean could get from his body language. It wasn’t like him to not even peak his head in. Dean grabbed the remote and switched off the tv. He blinked briefly in the suddenly dark room before rolling out of bed to see what was up. His sock feet made very little noise on the bunker floor, but at this hour of the night it felt thunderous. Everyone else was asleep it seemed. Castiel was almost out the door when Dean got close enough to clear his throat. The Angel froze in the doorway before glancing behind him like a child that had been caught with their hand in the cookie jar.
Mary stood, stretching her arms above her head. “Breakfast sounds good, then we three can head back.”
The last two presents were from Sam and Dean. Sam put a heavy book down in front of him and Cas frowned.
“What do you mean, Cas is gone?” Sam said in frustration. Dean had dragged in at the crack dawn with a blank look on his face. He’d yelled for Sam and Jack then collapsed into a chair around the War Room table and held his head in his hands until they’d both come shuffling in, half asleep and alarmed. Sam had been trying to coax the whole story out of Dean ever since.
Castiel grew rigid beside him, their chests pressed together unable to disguise the ragged breath he took in needlessly. “I knew you might never…”
Castiel sighed and rubbed his temple, holding up a finger in a gesture for quiet. His forehead twitched and his eyes closed in concentration. A moment later his eyes opened, and they weren’t happy. “I have until tomorrow then I am under orders to return.” His jaw was tight in unspoken frustration.
Cas rolled to lie on his back and slowly put his forearm behind his head, staring at the ceiling as his side pressed against Dean's stomach, just that slide of skin making them both shudder. “I’m extremely nervous, Dean. I’ve thought about this so many times…feeling such shame all the while…that I admit I may be a bit conflicted.”
Dean gritted his teeth and threw his chair back from the table, making it screech loudly against the concrete floor. He stormed off to his room without a word, letting his door slam behind him. He leaned against his door and crossed his arms in front of his chest. Only then did he let the tears he’d been holding back fall.
“Freedom..” Dean said with a relieved smile as he turned on the radio and they headed off down the road.
Castiel opened his mouth to argue but shut it abruptly, studying the crowd of Angels around him. “This isn’t a request is it?”
Naomi nodded her head slowly, unsurprised at his answer and with a small uplift of her mouth, not a smile but a knowing grin. “I of course knew that would be your answer, but I hoped you would be reasonable and choose the well fair of all of Heaven over that of one being.” She slowly let out a breath she’d been holding as he spoke and her features softened. His eyes tightened in response, sensing danger. He would feel safer with anger in her eyes. Softness from Naomi was not to be trusted.  “Castiel, if you bring Jack to us, I will make you the deal you’ve always wanted…I…along with the other Angels, will leave you and your Winchesters alone…forever! We will never darken your door again. Think of it. You’ll be free…Just as you’ve always wanted. Jack will be safe here with us, where he belongs, and you can go do…whatever it is…you do down there.” She waved her hand in dismissal as her nose wrinkled in distaste at the implication in her tone.
“It wasn’t stupid Cas. You made a deal with Heaven. Shocking that they might not follow it…” Dean grumbled as he stood, extending a hand to him.
Sam looked over at Dean and back to Jack, his eyes wary and gauging what might set Dean off. “Try to single out a voice…any voice.”
Castiel sighed, resigned to telling Dean what he had to. He’d put it off for months so as not to worry him. He absently rubbed his temple, a very human gesture Dean noted. “Dean, there’s a problem with Heav….” Castiel began before his face shut down in a mask of pain, his eyes rolling back in his head and his nails digging divots into the steering wheel.
The only sound in the room were Cas’ breathy gasps. The bed didn’t even creak like every cliché Hollywood movie said hotel beds did. “Dean I’m close…” Castiel gasped out and Dean nodded his head in understanding when his cell phone rang.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and looked down at the carpet in renewed shame. “Cas, I swear to you if I could take away every bad memory you have from the last time, I would.” He heard the bed creak and looked up to see Cas mere inches from him now, his eyes alight so differently without his Grace. He'd seen the difference in a human with and without a soul...but Cas was different. His eyes before were depth-less, powerful, and infinite. Now? They were fresh, mercurial, with a spark of the unexpected...and he felt his heart speed at the difference.
As soon as Castiel confirmed their departure, he turned to the remaining Angels. “You all are to return to Heaven as soon as we have returned Sam, Dean, and Mary to the bunker.”
“He has nothing to do with this. If you touch him again…” Castiel growled out, anger replacing his fear now. HIs palms were flat on the table as he leaned closer to the Shadow.
Aberia moved her head to follow the conversation until it paused and nonplussed, she added, “You and Castiel had sexual relations for the first and only time today. That is not what the rest of Heaven believes.”
“Dean, wait!” hissed Mary from the trunk of the Impala. Dean was shoulders-deep in the weapons hatch of the vehicle and was sticking knives and machetes in pockets and a pistol at the small of his back. “Bobby and the rest aren’t even here yet.”
“Dean! Sam? Jack!” Castiel bellowed out as he made his way to the wall they’d scribed the newer wardings on. His own voice echoing back at him was the only reply. He stepped into the Library and noted all the laptops were gone…They weren’t here. He snatched up one of the ceremonial knives that decorated the library shelves and drug it across the Angel warding they’d painted onto the wall, scraping the paint away. As soon as he did, he heard the other Angels descend the metal stairs. He looked up to assure the last of them had entered and as soon as the door shut behind them, he dug his thumb into the dripping wing wound and resealed the sigil in his own blood, gasping in fresh pain as he did so. The other Angels descended upon him and Took his arms to support him as he led them to his room.
,” Cas added softly and with what he hoped was well-hidden disappointment. He did not expect Dean to stop in his tracks and him to run into his back again.
“My dick’s not hurt,” Dean growled out and Cas huffed a laugh that made Dean press their foreheads together and grin. “You got more hurt than I did, Cas.”
Cas began to interrupt, stepping closer but Dean turned on him then. “And you, you should have told me.”
Aberia minutely raised her chin and shook her head. Debriel sighed in exasperation behind her. Castiel rolled his eyes to the amusement of Sam, Mary, and Jack. Dean had been behind him and missed it. Cas then looked behind himself and nodded at Dean, who smiled. Dean slipped his own blade out and had it at Aberia’s throat before she could react. She ground her teeth and let out a breath. Debriel stepped forward but Castiel held a hand up and he stopped immediately.
Cas bumped their foreheads together as they spoke softly, his exhaustion seeping into his words. “The other Angels won’t get it Dean. The new ones have never taken a life, and the older Angels will hold resentment against her, so speaking to them is out. She only has us…and she did save your life…”
Chuck sighed as he gazed at the bottle of Grace in his hand. “Yes, he does. He wasn’t supposed to even do that, but it’s not the same. Everything he’s felt as an Angel, every emotion of friendship or love…it was fighting an internal battle to even exist. Humans love and hate so easily compared to Angels. He’s going to be…overwhelmed. Eating, sleeping, all of it. He has a leg up on others since he’s experienced it before…but from what I’ve recalled, it didn’t go so smoothly.”
"You're right. It's okay...I just...I want. I thought I knew what desire was. How come you never told me it felt like this?" Cas let out a ragged breath in his ear and Dean felt their closeness making physical proof of Cas' words against his thigh. He couldn't say he was thinking very clearly after Cas' words himself...Without his own permission his hands slid down Cas' back to press against his lower back, pressing their groans together, and Dean let out a ragged breath of his own.
“Dean…” Castiel began but saw there was no way to avoid it. He straightened his shoulders and looked directly into Dean’s eyes, hoping he could understand. “I promised The Empty he could have me without a fight if he would relinquish his claim to Jack’s soul.”  Dean got dangerously still as Cas' words sunk in. His eyes tightened and his mouth drew up in a line.
“Sit down…” The Shadow said abruptly, his nose wrinkling in distaste, and Dean was thrown back into his seat hard enough that the wooden base of the booth squealed in protest.
Sam stepped forward and poked Dean in the chest, playful to Mary's furious. "but if you keep another secret this big from me for a year I’m punching you in the jaw,” Sam growled out. “Not like you two kept it
Chuck cleared his throat as they stared at one another, trying to make their point with their eyes. “Listen fellas, if we’re going to continue the lovers quarrel can we do it somewhere a little less public?” Chuck snapped his fingers and Dean and Castiel were standing in the living room area of their hotel room, and sat in the lone lounge chair in the room, his hands resting on the armrests like a king on his throne. “Okay, continue,” Chuck waved his hand and Dean glared softly.
“What? Hell no. Don’t be stupid, Cas,” Dean grumbled as he plopped down on the couch and crossed his arms defensively.
“Whoever has the better mattress…and is the farthest from your family,” Cas added thoughtfully as he remembered how loud earlier had gotten.
“Thank you,” Castiel’s gravelly voice cracked softly. Seeing the black lettering on his skin gave him a sense of safety he hadn't had in some time now.
“Me either, Cas… Come with me…” Dean panted the words out, nipping at Cas’ lips but unable to deepen the kiss without the needed oxygen. He felt his body tighten in preparation as he felt Cas come, his wet heat falling on his stomach. Dean arched his back, his toes curling as he came in response, their fluids intermingling with one another, their hard bodies a mess of fluids and sweat.
“Dean, do you want to….I…uh…” Castiel murmured in his ear. “I’m out of my element here. You have more experience in this regard.”
“This choice Is yours, and only yours,” Chuck said softly, his voice as compassionate and caring as Dean had ever heard him use. It didn't soften Dean to the idea...but he appreciated his tone with Cas.
“I assure you Aberia, I had no choice. To know him is to love him. Even I am powerless to his…certain kind of charm.”
“Alright then, so grocery store first. Anything you want to add to the list? My treat.” Dean kept his eyes on the road still, but his knee jiggled with curiously nervous energy.
Cas again shook his head, frustration outweighing the wish to reason with her now. “If that is all you can see of me, you are far beyond my help. I am just sorry that you are prepared to take innocent Angels with you.”
"My wings...as they are...will stand as another reminder of who Naomi is, and Debriel and Aberia will be there at my side and will not let anything happen to me. They've more than proven they are willing to protect me at all cost, have they not?"
“I stopped him,” Chuck said to answer the unspoken question, his voice smooth and unbothered. “Figured we hadn’t seen each other in such a long time, a few drinks were in order. So…we’ve been talking..”
“Do you think Cas is out there?” Sam said quietly into Dean’s ear, voicing the question Dean had been thinking since they had swarmed in.
“So, that’s where we stand in Heaven. When I came back and they told what had happened I felt just awful but I also had a feeling you were prepared for that. Was that your endgame to get back to Earth?” Chuck said as he popped another bite of steak in his mouth, his face rapt with interest in Cas' response.
“Nine. Cas has nine,” Dean interrupted coolly as he sat in one of the wooden chairs nearby, his feet kicked up on the table nonchalantly.  He smiled defiantly as he felt the other Angels turned in unison to look at him, a mixture of arrogance and curiosity mingled among their faces. He raised an eyebrow in challenge as Cas turned to look as well but only with a sigh of resignation.
Castiel looked between them, his eyes shining with feeling. “Jack…Dean…I am so sorry….I feel like I abandoned you all. Sam too. Jack, I hope you can understand why I had to leave so suddenly. It wasn’t by choice.”
Castiel eyed Dean warily, searching for resentment that wasn't there to find. “I’m really fine, Dean. I’m enjoying our time together.”
“You are the last human on Earth I’m afraid of,” Castiel said with righteous indignation, his shoulders squaring. He narrowed his eyes, but he stepped back again as Dean walked closer. “I put you back together from nothingness. I know every part of you. I’m not afraid of you.”
Cas could sense Dean’s stillness and he looked up from the pillow, horrified. “I swear I didn’t mean to do that! I’m aware that yawns are indicative of boredom. I’m not bored!”
Castiel smiled as he put his phone back in his pocket. “Alright, then what would you like to do to kick in the New Year? We have 38 minutes until midnight.”
Castiel felt drunk and confused at the look in Dean’s eyes. “What do you mean?” Castiel said, his head cocking to the side.
Bobby’s face was immediately a mask of thinly veiled concern. His head cocked to the side and his eyes narrowed “Cas? If you’re here….Sam and Dean….Are they…”
Eventually, he found himself dozing, the tome loose in his lap, when a heavy knock on his door jolted him awake. Dean’s knock was always harder and louder, a heavy closed fist to Sam’s multiple knuckle-based knocks. It was Dean.
“No, but-“Dean stuttered out, his cheeks flushing and making the freckles across his nose stand out even in the soft lamp light.
He tried to ignore it, but being away from his family made him paranoid. He froze and Castiel stilled his movements and groaned.
“Everything,” Castiel groaned again as he laid flat back on the bed, his legs hanging off the edge. It was dramatic even for Cas and it made Dean smile enough that Cas’ mouth quirked up in response. “Does my pain cause you enjoyment, Dean?”
“I mean, I couldn’t let you sit in Hell, even if it was the first seal. Castiel…he seemed to always have a penchant for compassion. Going back farther than there are books to tell it. He never did exactly as he was told, that was true…but it was always because he saw the need for mercy. For goodness. Even when I was all old testament. I took note. I knew his need for compassion would be strong enough to save you. Other Angels before him turned back after being sent or died trying because they were afraid. He’s special…Don’t mess it up.” Dean gritted his teeth but thought better of arguing with God and nodded as he studied Cas’ face. “He’s going to sleep for a while. Here…” Chuck held out Cas’ grace, dangling from a chain. The bottle was corked and glowed only softly now. Dean tentatively held his hand out and wrapped his fingers around it delicately, looking confused. “It doesn’t need to go back with me, and he would want it with someone he trusts...and anyway…in case of emergency, break glass.” Chuck laughed at his own clever joke then waved his hand as Dean glowered. “Okay then, well I’m off. Nice seeing you again I suppose. Hopefully you can all stay alive for a bit, okay? You make a lot of paperwork when you die.” And he was gone.
Cas sat in his remodeled room, curled up on the unmade bed in his t-shirt, pajama pants, and socked feet. It had been a few months since Sam and Dean had enacted their plan to rescue him from the Empty. Opening his eyes to see Dean’s look of righteous determination in the darkness would be a sight he would never forget, and as Dean had flashed the blade in his hand, he’d nodded wordlessly. Their connection was a powerful one, and Dean’s plan was immediately clear. Things went a bit fuzzy after that, but Cas traced his pointer finger along the scar across his neck mindlessly as he remembered. He’d left the Empty human and been with the brothers ever since.
Cas studied the lit-up bakery case with interest. Looking at the different sweets, all posed in the artificial light like pictures in a magazine, Cas realized something. “I…I don’t know. I’ve never had cake before.”
Chuck smiled as he swallowed the last bite of steak, pride and true intrigue in his eyes for the Angel in front of him. “Oh, it did that for sure….so, that brings us to our current dilemma.”
“You like women,” Cas said bluntly, frustration gnawing at him, his tone almost accusatory as Dean ripped the truth out of him.
Dean rolled his eyes but smiled as Cas writhed on the mattress as he slid a finger back in while he slid back down on him. He wouldn’t be long now…He worked a second finger in and pumped him slowly until he felt him tense up, then he pulled his fingers out and slid his mouth off, finishing him with his hand as Cas bit the pillow. He tensed but the lights only flickered as Cas moaned his name, muffled through the fabric. Dean worked his dick as he came letting the come slide down his hand. As he felt Cas tremble in the aftershocks, he slicked up his own, now throbbing, cock with Cas’ own come and he quickly positioned himself and slid straight in till his pelvis was wedged tightly against Cas. It was so hot and tight, and Dean gripped onto Cas’ hips as he felt him react. Already overstimulated, Cas cried out, arching off the bed and flinging the pillow he’d been clutching across the room.
Dean blinked silently and nodded once. “Okay, I guess that makes sense….so how did you get him home then?”
Naomi crossed her arms across her chest, her mouth pinching at the corners.“Yes, well, that doesn’t solve my problem now does it? Controlling you and the things you do has always proven difficult at best. If your wings heal fully you may decide to up and leave us, knowing we can’t follow to apprehend you. So, I think a compromise is in order.”
Cas let go of the steering wheel and gripped his head with both hands. He spoke through his fingers now. “I’m….okay. It’ll pass in a moment. However, you might better drive. I don’t plan on you dying because I can’t control my vehicle…” He unbuckled his own seat belt, an unnecessary habit he’d picked up from the Winchesters, and walked around behind the car. He leaned against the car for support. Dean jumped out, slid himself in to the driver’s seat and buckled in.
“Eventually…” Cas leaned in and pressed their foreheads together, resting his hands on Dean’s shoulders. Dean closed his eyes and fought with himself a moment before he wrapped his arms around the other mans’ waist.  He would not make this harder on Cas than it already was. Of course, it was hard on him too. However, he had the luxury of being in his home with the rest of his family. Cas was banished from them with no one. He knew as difficult as it was for him, he had the better end of the deal no doubt.
“What do you say we crank up the hot tub after some supper? I need to take a shower first though,” Dean said as he looked down at his body, which was covered in cooling sweat ad his own fluids. He wasn’t even going to discuss what he knew was was going on underneath him. He sat up gingerly and groaned softly and Castiel raised one eyebrow in quiet assessment. Dean waved a hand in dismissal. “I’m fine. But damned if I won’t be a little sore tomorrow, and don’t you dare apologize. That was worth it.”
“Yes and No. Chuck is not permanently staying. He and I have designed and built new Angels to replenish our species, but they are young and foolish and need guidance.”
Dean’s eyes flew open and he immediately glanced to Cas. He was still sound asleep, but Dean knew what he’d heard. He grabbed up his pistol from the nightstand after extricating himself from Cas’ body. The door to the other side of the suite was closed but he knew he’d heard the soft sound of the main door closing in the other room. The pressure in the room had changed. Years of hunting had given him a sixth sense about these things. With no time to wake Castiel, he held his pistol pointed toward the ceiling and held it near his chest. They were on the top floor and he took that into account as he placed himself by the door, waiting for the person he knew was in the other room to push it open. He could hear soft footfalls now and saw the knob turn. Due to years of heightened reflexes, he was in the doorway, pistol aimed before the door even fully opened.
Castiel paced the library, his wing wounds now mostly healed. After more convincing by human and Angel alike, they had begun healing them, but they still drug behind him as he paced, the feathers closest to the floor making soft scraping sounds as he moved.  More time was needed for them to be at their full strength again and Cas was not keen on waiting for Naomi to make her move. He clenched and unclenched his fists as he spoke, frustration painted evidently on his face. “She’s calling to me. She knows where I am, and this will not end until one of us is dead. Delaying is not going to gain us enough advantage to warrant risking her ambushing us here,” he growled out while the other Angels lingered around him, having heard this argument much over the last hour. "They would not gain entry easily but if they make their way inside we would be trapped inside as well."
Dean looked around him once he was assured of the health of the others. They were on a stage in what appeared to be a large, dilapidated Coliseum. His nose was assaulted by the smell of old floor wax, mildew, and lingering sweat that had seeped into the very boards of the building. The roof was caving in and he could see sunbeams leaking through, making random patterns on the floor. The dust particles could be seen spiraling through the beams of light and the room was surrounded by wooden bleachers in different levels of decay. There were dozens, no…hundreds, of people milling about. They mingled in groups of five here, ten there. They all seemed relaxed with no sense of urgency or care about the four of them on the stage, except when he saw them steal glances at them occasionally.
Castiel’s jaw flexed and the smile disappeared again. He was accustomed to having to having to argue himself to the humans in the room, but not the Angels. He stopped a moment, too quick to be noticed by the others. Was asking blind obedience and trust of them any better than what Naomi wanted? No...but he had given them every opportunity to leave. He had to convince the small voice in his head that he and Naomi were not the same. “I told all of you to leave me at the portal. I didn’t try to convince any of you to come with me. I tried to dissuade you from it as a matter of fact. You can still go back to Heaven as Enid said. I will not apologize for my associations, not to Naomi and not to you. I’ve paid my dues to Heaven and I owe you nothing. So GO.  I will not have anyone serving by my side that does not want to be there. Heaven will take you back now if you wish it. We’ve handled much worse than this with just us before.” Cas looked back to Dean, Sam, Jack, and Mary and they nodded.
“As a heart attack, Cas. All I can think about these days is telling you how I feel but I could never make the words come out right and I was…I was still scared. Because if you
“Hey, hey there buddy. It’s good to see ya’ll too,” Dean said with a smile as he made out more and more faces, and he had his hand shaken, his shoulder slapped, and swamped with hugs from a dozen other people he’d lost along the way. They weren’t inconsequential but just this moment he couldn’t give them all the attention he knew they deserved. This was all a bit too much. After the initial hub bub of bodies died down, he was able to get a moment to himself to sit at the bar. He took a calming breath and scrubbed the side of his face with his hand.
Castiel looked around at the others all staring at him expectantly. He sighed and Dean glanced behind him. “Let’s go to the living room and I’ll explain.”
“Thirteen years ago today I shot and stabbed you in a barn,” Dean said with a shy grin as he sat his groceries on the table.
“Oh?” Naomi gestured at a seat in front of her desk as she walked behind it, but he shook his head briefly, standing behind the chair instead. She rolled her eyes irritably but remained silent as she took a seat herself.
Dean and Castiel stood silently, shoulder to shoulder for several moments. Dean’s hand still sat perched on Cas’ shoulder. “Why does it have to be Cas? Aren’t there other Angels on Earth that could help?” Dean said quietly. A feeling of inevitably was setting on their shoulders.
He needed this trip but he needed all of the people he loved to be safe and on the same plane of existence more. He glanced over at Sam, who was leaned against the passenger seat, looking relaxed and relieved. When was the last time they just gone out without a hunt as the catalyst? He had to do better…they all had to do better. This was the only life they got and they needed to have a little fun before they died, because who the hell knew when that would be. He focused his eyes forward at the long stretch of highway before them and decided he would try his best to enjoy their time away. Cas would tell him he should.
“But Aberia…” Debriel began to argue, stepping forward and away from the other Angels, his hand extended toward her.
“What happened to the Angels that broke that law?” Dean said with a shaky breath as he studied Cas, insecurity in his own tone now.
“I can handle this, Dean, but thank you. Aberia, I sacrificed everything I cared about and stayed away from the people I loved for two years to train you all. I had no one in Heaven. I was alone. I had no idea if I’d ever get to return home. After my obligation was complete, I felt no need to continue to bear that burden. I am sorry you are still feeling guilt for Naomi’s death, but I won’t apologize for what I chose.” Cas began to feel anger flare in his gut and a flush form on his cheeks as he watched Aberia try to understand and fail.
As the door closed behind them, Dean sighed. He would have liked to have gone with them and seen Jack’s face at the fireworks. More so than going to some dive bar like in year’s past. A small smile creeped on his lips. He guessed this was as close to being a dad as he’d ever get….and he was enjoying it more than he thought he ever would.
Finally, Jody had had enough. Claire nudged her forward. “Mary, this isn’t right. You may be his mother but Dean can make his own choices. It isn't hurting anyone.”
Castiel closed his eyes, took a steadying breath, slowly extricated himself from Dean’s embrace, and opened the door to find Aberia.
Jack looked to Dean, a grim look on his face. “I may not have much Grace left, but I can sense a demon. Especially this many.”
“You love it,” Dean grinned again, surprised at how nice it felt to laugh so much. How long had it been?
Cas’ eyes were dark as he shook his head, his tongue darting out to run over his lips. “I like when you call me that.”
“You motherfucker,” Dean said with narrowed eyes as he realized the game had truly been turned around on him.
Cas’ pants were around his ankles, one leg hanging off the back seat as he laid across the length of it, while Dean crouched on his knees between his legs, his mouth eagerly wrapped around his dick. With his shirt unbuttoned and his tie lying against his exposed flesh, Castiel made a debauched sight as he braced his hand against the back of the driver’s seat.
Castiel’s heart ached and the doubt he’d felt as every day passed felt validated. Of course, Dean would have changed his mind and moved on. Why would he wait for him when he had such little time in his human life? He had to relieve him of the burden of guilt. “Dean, if your feelings have changed I could not blame you. I do not expect your life to be put on hold and it was unfair of me to expect you to. I should never have put that on you. Telling you my feelings was a spur of the moment decision to help me keep my sanity in Heaven and it was selfish and…” Castiel’s words were cut off by Dean grabbing his face with both hands and pressing their lips together. The suddenness of it left Cas speechless as Dean pulled away.
