He was silent, leaving the feelings to brew in his body - anger seemingly seeping, but remaining calm.  He couldn’t do anything but let them sit, destroying him.
"Please, just ignore him; I kind of what to know what you were going to say about this evening. I could use an excuse to get away from my family for a bit. Maybe I can convince you to give me your magical recipe." Marion subtly moves in a way to try and be as inviting as possible. Being a female hunter, you're bound to pick up some tricks. Men tend to be stupid.
"The coroner noted that it was weird because usually even with a suicide drowning, there would be evidence of some kind of struggle to stay alive as the body's natural fight instinct kicks in. But these four victims it was like they walked into the lake and breathed the water in calmly until they died," Sam stressed.
He shoves a packet of paper across the counter towards Dean, and not seeing another option, Dean forks over a wad of cash to the man. Dean mutters his thanks, trying to give them his best smile before taking the package and room keys and bolting out the door.
"I'm fine, just a little nightmare," Dean grunted out; he chanced a look towards the front of the vehicle and was met with a worried Jack and a look of concern from his brother in the rearview mirror.
Without so much as a second thought, she grabs the suitcase and throws herself into the rift, hoping belatedly that she is spit out into a secluded place, but not into the middle of nowhere.
The young woman stands up to the mic and starts talking, "So you just heard my baby brother speak, it was his idea to come here actually, he thinks that getting some stuff off my chest would 'be good for me and a healthy thing to do, you know in the 'Christmas Spirit'" The girl actually uses finger quotes saying the last two words but then lets out a self-deprecated laugh before continuing. "At least I'll be able to drown my sorrows at the bar; after all, this is over, am I right." Which prompts a small wave of laughter from the crowd.
"The tattoos; only leaders have them, and they are always relevant to water, the sign for Cancer is a crab and Pisces is a fish, which also means that we need to find them because they will be finished their rituals after tonight and they will go underground again, figuratively," Marion explained expertly, a hint of a smile showing, it's always good when they catch a break in a case.
This was originally going to be a 5 scene chapter but I liked where this leaves us for the next chapter. :D
Sam nudged Dean at the woman's word choice, and Dean sent his brother another look, something was definitely going on, but he didn't get the vibe that the woman was involved in any murderers. It also frustrated Dean that the young woman also reminded him of himself in someways those thoughts provoking his stomach to churn uneasily.
Naomi looks contemplative, Amara's words running through her mind. Does she dare to take Amara on her word without knowing what that actually means? Going over Amara's words, and Amara is right; she is one of the remaining strong Angels and, even without knowing the plan, understands that she is one of the only angels available with enough power to do something drastic. She thinks about Castiel, they of course of come to an understanding of sorts the last time they saw one another and how wrong she was all those years ago. Naomi almost laughs to herself at the irony. Years ago, she attempted to get Castiel to kill Dean Winchester and saw the elder Winchester as her brother's weakness that must be destroyed.
Dean ushers the kids to sit down on the leather couch and stands in front of them while Sam works to close all the curtains so no one unknowing could look inside before going to grab the holy water and knife. The two strangers were both calm as Sam administered the tests, splashing them with the water and making a small cut in both of their forearms. Satisfied with the results, Sam finally holsters his weapon and goes to stand next to Dean. The four of them now are just staring at each other, waiting for someone to say something.
"No, they aren't Nephilim." Jack hesitates, "But they aren't fully human either, they somehow have Angel Grace attached to their souls, that shouldn't be possible, it should have killed them. Right, Castiel?" Jack turns to his Father, but Castiel looks deep in concentration with a look of slight shock on his face as he starts to put the pieces together, it's his turn for his mind to reject what the facts are telling him.
Sam gestures towards the Tv, "We ended up working the case with them since Dean already knew how the episode went in theory and really what else were we going to do. We didn't realize that Cas had been transported as well until be caught up to us, and Dean almost punched in him the face. Cas took the experience in stride, I think, nothing really phases him, but he was a little perturbed to meet Scooby since he was able to talk. Just like in the show, the traps were elaborate, things went wrong, and people need to be saved, and the way things happened deviated slightly from the actual show. Dean was trying to hit on Daphne, but she wasn't having any of it. However, Velma did have a thing to me, which, to be honest, was a little weird. When we finally got out of the show, Dean wouldn't shut up about it for ages; honestly, I think that he was trying to figure out a way to get back there.
Dean finishes his coffee and sighs before continuing, "alright, we'll check this place out. We'll leave after everyone has had breakfast, and Cas and Jack have been brought up to speed, but more importantly, I've had enough coffee."
Though he also didn't want to think about his daughter having to get up close and personal with the monster that their hunting, how the hell did he get into this situation again?
"Well, the kid needed to hear it, and with what might be the actual end of the world looming, I'm trying to do better; I don't want Chuck's actions to determine how I act, prove that who I am isn't just some kind of fucked up lap experiment."
It's a good ten minutes before he hears the faint sounds of footsteps approaching, but Dean doesn't look up or acknowledge that he's heard anything at all, also pointedly ignoring the figure as they slowly come and sit down in the sand beside him. He can sense the blue eyes looking at him in concern, wanting to say something, but also afraid to say the wrong thing, and so the figure lets out a nearly inaudible sigh before turning to watch the water.
"Great, we don't really know anything, I mean, this weird drowning does eliminate some of the basics like vampires, werewolves, changelings, banshee and wendigo's, but this doesn't even look like something we've seen before."
Jack contemplates Cas's words, guilt and remorse still coursing through him, making the room feel heavy. Jack thinks back to his conversations with Mary.
Sam was currently a few steps behind the other two and was discretely taking as many photos as possible without getting caught by his subjects. They don't have many photos, just a spattering over the years, something that Sam regrets because capturing the good times to have proof that they existed would be nice to have. His brother might be the one who suddenly had two new adult children, but Sam's the one that feels like he's entering into a midlife crisis, or maybe an end of life crisis, depending on what happens.
"But still, you were just human infants; from what I understand about Angel grace, it should have killed you."
"Thanks, I guess," Dean, not knowing where this conversation would head, turned it back to the task at hand. "So how exactly am I suppose to do this.
Dean nodded in agreement but turns to the kids. "We're headed to the bunker; you're coming too?" He says it open-ended in case they've changed their mind at any point.
Dean moved to turn off the stove and cover the remaining food to remain warm for Jack before taking a seat opposite Sam. Dean looks at his brother for a moment before responding.
Jack finally lets Cas go as they enter into what appears to be a recreation center that has also been decked out for the holidays but leaning more towards winter wonderland than Christmas village, which is honestly a nice change of pace from the rest of the downtown.
With a final look, Billie disappears, willing herself to Amara's present location because if anything disrupts the plan for finally destroying god, there will be hell to pay until the world ceases to exist.
Sam thinks back at some of his happier moments, getting pulled into a memory that makes him want to smile, a memory of himself and 17 year old Dean after one of their first hunts without their dad.
"There are not as many angels now as there once were, and Castiel, while maybe the more suited choice, is not powerful enough, and quite frankly, I cannot see him willing to leave the Winchester's side, especially Dean. You know, I tried to create a bond between Dean and myself originally. Still, he could fight off everything I threw at him even as a cosmic being with god-like power; after reflection and understanding their dynamics, I understand now that it was Castiel that prevented Dean from succumbing to my power. I don't know exactly what Castiel's role will be in the end, but I know enough that he is central to this plot in more ways than one; he wouldn't have the stomach, however, to do what is necessary. Besides, I know that death has her own plan that involves Lucifer's son, which won't be enough power on its own," Amara looks sharply at Naomi. " Before I continue, I need to know if you are in or out because once you're in, there is no turning back or changing your mind; also, I feel I must warn you that this might mean your demise in the future."
Cas and Jack visit the crime scenes in the order that the victims died. The first crime had been completely trampled by foot traffic, so it was impossible to determine anything on the ground, and neither Jack nor Cas could sense any lingering magic in the area, but that didn't mean that there wasn't any. They even looked for markings and sigils on the surrounding trees but came up empty-handed.
She would have felt something shift if the Winchester's had actually tried to play with the universe; she's been keeping an eye on them to ensure that they didn't do anything to jeopardize the plan.
"Wait, who's Jamie?" Dean cuts DJ off, and he watches as his son realizes he said something he hadn't meant to. His eyes go wide, and a slight blush spreads across his face.
"As soon as I drink this vial, start the incantation for the first spell as that is the memory wipe one. As soon as I appear to be unconscious, drink the vial I gave you and read the second incantation. Don't worry about being powerful enough. I wrote these and mixed the vials specifically with you in mind, so I am almost 100% confident that they will work. I am trusting you with everything Naomi; you once wanted the world of responsibility, well now you have it; I'd wish you good luck, but we both know that would be a waste of time."
They all ended up seated at the dining room table, which was thankfully large enough to accommodate all six of them, Sam Dean and Cas were sitting on one side of the table, and all three kids were now located opposite them. Jack went about removing all of the food from all the bags; he wasn't kidding when he said he went overboard. The receipt from the restaurant 'Culvers' was a lot longer than it should be to feed four people; there was enough food here to feed an army, well maybe not an army but even with six adults, this was going to be way more food then they were capable of eating.
"Just remember to sleep with one eye open, Sammy," Dean grunted, leaning back in his sleep, and his brother just chuckled in response; Dean could see his eyes roll in the mirror.
Naomi reaches out to pick up the amulet resting on the table, "how did you get this? Last I heard, it was still in the Winchester's possession. Actually, how did you get any of these things?" Naomi side-eyed Amara.
Deans turns to look at his brother in horror but first catches the look of absolute wonder on Jack's face, his eyes truly lighting up for the first time in months. Sam and Cas are both smiling while watching the kid, and Dean can't help but smile a little as well; he can suffer through if it means Jack doesn't lose that look on his face.
Meanwhile, they moved through the second and third crime scenes a little bit slower than they did the first. More text was carved into the trees, but Castiel still couldn't make sense of any of it. However, they found human-like footprints leading into both of the water bodies coming in from a different direction than where the bodies were both found, so the police had overlooked them. There were two sets each that showed that both entities calmly walked into the water because there were no drag marks or signs of a struggle to get them into the water.
Jack started to ramble."I loved her, I tried to bring her back even, but I didn't understand, I didn't feel grief or sadness when she died, how can I deal with knowing that? She cared for me, she freaking believed in me, and I still hurt her. I'm the one that lost my soul; I should have been dead and stayed dead; Mary should be here instead of me; she once told me I was kind of like a son and a grandson combined because the family tree was confusing; I don't deserve to be called either of those things I didn't deserve any of the love she felt for me."
Before Sam could even think of responding, they were doused in Christmas coloured confetti and greeting by a group of school children dressed as elves.
"Well, I can feel myself trying to wake up, and I scream for help, but nobody comes. I leave my bedroom on hands and knees, crawling towards the war room of the bunker. I have a feeling that somebody is watching me, but I can't quite place it, their familiar but not at the same time because I'm sure I've never met this person of felt their presence before in my life.
Jack cuts them off with their musings by continuing up with, "but I think I did watch too much Netflix before going to sleep. I watched 'the nightmare before Christmas, Enchanted, and the little mermaid." Jack then continues to devour his breakfast with enthusiasm.
Dean's mind keeps repeating the word 'my kids' and stares at them, really two young adults as both appear to be at least legally adults, they are claiming to be his. His heart clenches because he's not supposed to have kids, he's not supposed to screw anybody else up, but here they were, somebody else taking that decision away from him. He shouldn't be surprised, when has his life not been controlled by cosmic influence.
"Nobody disrespects Baby," Dean said, completely serious, but there was amusement in his eyes. Sam and Jack were also chuckling and snickering in amusement while Cas just looks on with a hint of a smile.
The woman then pulls a crumpled up piece of paper out of her back pocket, "Sorry I didn't memorize this one... as for the title, let's just call it 'Wolves in the Canyon,'
Castiel takes a moment to study the images on the screen. "I don't recall seeing anything like these before, it does look more like an ancient language than sigils, but it's not of a language I am familiar with."
"I've come to be comfortable here, enjoying what humans have created, surprising myself that I don't want to see it destroyed. What my brother made… it’s beautiful. It took me a long time to see that. There is something different about this one, of my brother's many experiments, at its core is different. I truly think that it's free will, which has always been one of God's staples, but free will in this universe, the last universe now, is more true and has gotten away from my brother's control." Amara's tone was soft, but there was a passion in her words.
"There have been many human studies showing the impact movies can have on the dreams of humans, so it's quite possible your human soul may be trying to fix your dream space with something less disruptive than Chuck and Lucifer," Cas states diplomatically while exchanging a look with Dean.
"This is real; he has his soul back; I don't know what this means in terms of defeating Chuck or where it falls into Billy's ultimate plan but for now, let's just take this as a win."
"Sherriff? My name I'm Agent Ashford, and this is my partner Agent Simpson; we're with the FBI," Dean said, flashing his badge as Sam did the same.
"We were created in one of the other worlds; I believe you met your counterparts not long ago? -" Whatever else DJ was going to say was cut off by Dean cutting in, finally rejoining the conversation.
"Good Morning Dean," Cas says, handing dean a large coffee and shoves a plate of food into his hands before returning to his own seat. Everyone else seemingly taking that as a queue to look over to him and say various variations of 'good morning.'
When Cas finally lets go, Sam sees that her eyes are wide, obviously not having expected the Angel to show emotion and to be honest, Sam's a little surprised as well, which he really shouldn't be.
Dean was about to look away from the photo when he noticed that Cas wasn't actually reading the text in the photo but was looking at Dean from the corner of his eye and a slight smile on his lips. Dean began to get an uneasy feeling in his chest and was hoping that he wasn't blushing because he knows Sam's going to use that photo as blackmail at some point.
If Sam were focused on Cas at the time, he would have noticed the Angel going stiff at Marion's words.
Did I just make Dean's son queer before Dean figures out his feelings about Cas? Yes. There are obvious parallels between the couples and I'll be tackling another issue in another way, some of you may be able to guess based on the hints in this and previous chapters.
"That's the beauty of them not being successful last night. They will hunt every night until they are successful before moving on to the next in line, except we're in luck because it was the leader that failed last night."
Thoughts regarding the doppelgangers are probably going to become an unhealthy obsession for Sam. Why did he have to go through so much pain and suffering when another version of himself was so much better off. Thinking of his mother, Sam feels anger, not for her death but rather for her life. God had played God and handed his family the worst backstory just to keep himself entertained. Thinking deep, Sam can see the parallels between his life and his moms to a certain extent. Both his mom and himself fought against their fathers because they desired a healthy, non-hunting lifestyle, and while both got what they wanted for a time, both lives were destroyed by someone facing a fiery death. Why even let this universe have 'normal' lives if the whole purpose was to create chaos and despair? Why does his family have to suffer because the entity that is supposed to love humanity wants to be entertained by his version of a video game?
"Anyway, this is a poem that I was forced to write for a therapist that I was also forced to go to while my brother and I were in the lovely foster care system, moving around, not having parental figures can suck like a bitch, but my brother and I made it out alive, so I guess that's something." Dean could feel the bitterness of her words.
“I don’t want it.  I thought I already told you.”  Jack shouted.  He pushed a plate of pancakes back at Sam, pissed.
“Hey, we’ll grab a hunt, and then even try and celebrate the holidays, you know, if we can convince Sam.”  Dean said, hoping to reassure Jack.
He also liked French and the theatre class he had wanted to take as his elective.  He didn’t like anything else.  Gym was awful.  He liked running, but only when chasing a werewolf or some ghoul, when it was for a grade, he just felt awful.  He wasn’t slow, not by a long shot, but he was still human.  He would get tired, and it wasn’t fun.
“Yeah, but two weeks isn’t that much.”  Jack said.  He found his fingers shaking just a bit, and he wasn’t sure if it was stress or low blood sugar - assumedly both.
“So this shouldn’t be too long.  The body was buried, we’ll just need to figure out where.”  Sam stated, as Jack began picking the rice off of the vegetables, as he tried to consume only the veggies in the roll.  It was far too late to eat much more - a stupid rule that had emerged less than a week ago.
“Yes.”  Jack said.  He couldn’t take the idea that he was even looking better - because that meant he was gaining weight, but with  Sam taking the scale away - it didn’t do much but stress him out.
“Wait, whaddya mean?”  She asked.  Jack shifted his position, and ended up on his stomach, his ribs digging into the not-so-soft mattress.
It was for more food - because apparently the treatment for eating disorders wasn’t therapy, but forcing food down his throat, and Jack found it completely stupid.
“Looks good.”  Dean said, and walked straight to the kitchen, leaving Jack in the foyer with the cereal and Castiel.
It never quite went away, and Lisa never quite knew what was up.  Dean had gotten so good at hiding it with his brother, that it was almost too easy now.
“Oh, yeah...I know.  I’m just not that hungry right now.”  Jack lied, as his stomach kept up with it’s awful protesting.  He picked more off of the bread, to alleviate some of the stress.
Jack eventually found the thoughts to ease off, and he fell asleep for a few hours.  He slept more now, even though he technically didn’t need much.  It was the exhaustion of existing that kept him sleeping for hours more.  His body definitely wasn’t in full-working order, and it was becoming too apparent to himself - which would eventually reveal itself to everyone else.
“I know you’re only like five, but geez, you’ve got the habits of a Winchester.”  She pointed out, as they sat.  Jack noticed the smell of reheated pie, and some other stuff from the night before.  His stomach seemed to drop with the same anxiety.  He observed the table, and found nothing safe.  He did want it, he wanted to eat all of it, really.  There was a hunger he had developed, and it seemed to never end.  It was the small stupid reason of calories that held him back.
“It’s what you do at christmas, at least when things are normal.  You eat far too much,”  Dean explained, before turning to face Jack.  “ You haven’t eaten anything yet, so what’s up?  Usually you like this sort of stuff.”  Dean pointed out.
Dean’s words didn’t change much, but now it put this idea on Dean’s radar, and anything on Dean’s radar goes to Cas’s radar, which ends up on Sam’s radar.
The day passed, and just like every other day, he threw his lunch into the trash.  Dean never figured that one out, probably never even crossed his mind.
Jack observed the menu, and the tiny numbers at the bottom of the descriptions.  He settled on some form of breakfast sandwich with about 300 calories.  It wasn’t great, but he couldn’t let anyone know what was going on.
As often as Sam, Dean, or Cas would fight - He assumed that he had accustomed to it, but he still hated it - every time a voice was raised - it would stress him out.
No longer was he the target of bullying, no, the novelty was fading, just as he was.  Now, this was his problem - it had started becoming addicting.  He couldn’t really stop.
Jack couldn’t take it, so he found himself in the kitchen at two am, trying to dig up a box of cereal without making noise.  He didn’t want to get the attention of Cas, who didn’t sleep at all.  If anyone would hear him, it would be Cas.
Jack wrote the number in his notebook, the one with the leatherbound cover.  It was beginning to get full with different numbers, three times a day, everyday.  It had everything he ate in it, from the days where he ate nothing, to the days where he ate everything.  It contained everything, and if anyone saw it, Jack was busted.
He couldn’t help but smile, as he walked down the stairs.  The whole area seemed empty, except for some sounds in the back of the library.  They were voices.
“It’s a movie, nothing you see is real.  They only care about the drama.”  She explained.  Jack gave a nod, and ran a hand over the tendons on his wrists.  He liked the way they moved.
It started out of necessity, but ended up a habit, and then for the years to come - it faltered in and out, like a tide.
Jack found his body heavy as he got up from the floor.  He washed the acid from his mouth, and tried to sneak back to his room.
The school was preparing for finals week, which Jack had never really expected.  It was a week of these crazy long, and frustrating tests.  Jack noticed the many moments, where all he wanted to do was chuck the paper across the room and run out of the room.
He had started to eat less, never eating lunch, the same stupid size banana for breakfast, and the same dinner of planned out food.  It never surpassed 700 calories; Jack made sure of that.  He was determined to lose what he could before it would start getting rough - he read that the body would fight back at one point.  They never said what would actually happen, so he just had to prepare himself for it.
“I can forgive you.”  Jack said.  He found his right fist to be clenched, his nails digging into his palm.
“God.  When you thought it was all over, this happens.  It’s like we never get a break.”  Dean exclaimed again.
“Oh, so Hell wasn’t traumatic?  Being possessed by Lucifer? The Leviathans?  Metatron?  Chuck?”  Dean said, angrily.
“Yeah, and it’s a bit concerning.”  Dean stated, but Jack had just ignored him, and went along his way.  His cheeks burnt red from anxiety as he walked back out.  He sat down, and even with Dean watching, he didn’t eat anything.  It was just not worth the aftermath.
His stomach dropped at the smell of pancakes.  He noticed the excitement from the others who migrated to the table, while Jack remained in the corner, consistently letting the number from the morning run through his head.  118.4.
Jack didn’t want anything different.  He just wanted to lose more weight - as the disorder didn’t really change.  The turning of the year didn’t do anything.  Jack didn’t understand it anyway.  Why did anyone care so much about it anyway?
“Support him.  Sit down for one meal, and be gentle.  I think the arguing at the dinner table is stressing him out,”  She said, and looked at her phone.  “Our time is up, I’ll see Jack back here in a few days, and we’ll meet for a family session again in 10 days.”
He finished the process of getting ready, and met Dean by the front door.  With no exchange of words, the two walked out the front door.
“He’s right.  Whatever Jack is dealing with, he needs to get through it.  Jack can accept his trauma, but it won’t just go away.”  She explained.
“Is it because of us?  Something else?  I can’t help you if you don’t know.”  Sam said.  Jack had always felt safer around Sam, which wasn’t unpredictable.  Dean was the opposite.  He liked to shut up about his problems, until they became unbearable.  Cas - Cas never had these feelings, because angels didn’t really feel.
It wasn’t until Sam, Dean, and Cas went out on a multi-day hunt; that Jack ended up buying a scale with a credit card that Dean gave him.  He bought a really nice one - it had some form of glass, or plexiglass...he didn’t know.  He had also started another notebook, a leatherbound one that would remain hidden.
“But you see him, right?  He’s days away from a hospital.  I feel like I’m watching him die...again.”  Dean said, his voice lowering with the last few words.  He was worried, even with his hard-shell exterior, Dean cared an awful lot.
“They’re kind of scary, but there’s this girl in my PE class, who sort of looks like Claire?”  Jack said, confused.
The bullying had stopped now.  No one cared about Jack - he was just the “weird kid” in school.  No one acknowledged him.  Not even the few people who had been nice to him in the fall.  The whole eating disorder thing seemed to be enough to keep him isolated.
“Yesterday, just to try it.  I’m curious.”  Jack said, which made Sam do his usual suspicious nod.  Jack just ignored the whole exchange, and kept helping the prep with Jody.
Waiting for Dean that day, it felt strange - he didn’t want to say anything, just in fear that things might end up going haywire, but he also trusted Dean.
Throughout the day it seemed people kept arriving, and some of them Jack knew.  Jody, Claire, Alex, and Patience.  He knew them very well.
“Well, I met Crowley.  He asked a lot of questions.”  Jack explained.  He found himself awkwardly pulling the sleeves of his shirt, as if they were covering something - but he damn well knew that self-harm wouldn’t do jack squat.  He had tried, and it healed up just moments later - the pain didn’t let itself linger anyway.
Throughout the walk, Jack started to get back onto his own feet, as he found the black dots to go away.  By the time they got back to the Impala, Jack felt somewhat decent.  Hungry, yes, and the adrenaline began wearing off; causing Jack to see the spots again.
They talked for a few moments about the kids, and Dean tried to give Jack a motivational speech about finding friends, only to be shut down by the realization that Jack wasn’t listening - he was more involved with a page of lines, that looked vaguely familiar.
“Yeah, as of yesterday.  Sam told me.”  Dean said.  Jack could hear some of the skepticism that ran through his voice.
Dean kept an eye on Jack - a bit of a harsh eye.  Jack had to find ways to sneak around it.  He wasn’t giving this up, not anytime soon.
“I didn’t know how badly it affected you, you know.  It was just something she did.  I played along because, well, I needed to find a place to belong.”  She explained.
“I don’t like it as much anymore.”  Jack lied.  He wanted the pasta, dearly, but no, he couldn’t because it just had too many calories.
“I don’t know.  He won’t talk, and now this?  I thought Nephilim were basically bulletproof...Cas.”  That was absolutely Dean.
“Yeah, totally.”  She said, and unpaused it.  Jack just sat awkwardly on the bed, cross legged in some old basketball shorts.
“So, Jack.  It’s your first vamp nest.”  Sam pointed out.  Jack found himself looking up from his clasped fingers.
“Yeah, it wasn’t a problem.  She was cremated, so I ended up having to burn a pair of really old socks,”  Sam explained, and then turned the swivel chair towards Jack.  “Oh by the way, I have food, but I wasn’t sure if you were saving that sushi skin for today, or you just weren’t eating rice now.”  Sam asked.  Jack looked up, trying to hide the fear behind his eyes.
He couldn’t help but feel terrified.  It was something he rarely felt, but now, if he used his powers, he’d basically drain everything he had.  The only good thing was that his body still healed any wounds, instantly.  It was the one thing that kept him from completely freaking out.
“Well, there’s something that happens after starving.  He was probably hungry, and experiencing the reactive binging, but without the proper support, his eating disordered brain probably freaked out.  Purging, it produces dopamine; Jack probably needed something to counteract the lack of emotions from the starving.”  She explained - putting the small snippets of information together.
“Jack still needs help - even if this won’t kill him - it doesn’t make it easier.”  Sam pointed out.
Jack acted on impulse, which basically drained everything he had in him.  He had gotten Sam away from the beast, but he couldn’t exactly make it back to his feet, which lead Cas to basically carrying him from the cave, while Dean torched it.
“Honestly, I don’t know.  I never liked it either.  You’re free now, right?  Two weeks off.”  Dean said, hoping to lift Jack’s spirits.
By about six, the prep was done, and people had started to settle at the large table in front of the library.
They stood entirely dumbfounded, eyes on each other.  No one spoke, nor did either feel they could speak.  Dean’s heart dropped as Cas’s heart rate picked up.
“Why wouldn’t you want to?  You keep saying you feel like crap, you look like crap, and you don’t want to stop?”  Dean said - clearly ready for an outburst.
“After what happened earlier, you need more than some crappy egg sandwich.”  Dean explained.  Jack just rolled his eyes.  Cas seemed just as concerned with Jack, but didn’t quite know what to say.
“And now?  Do you still think you’re too big?”  Dean asked.  Jack just looked blankly.  He was far too scared for emotions, but truth rang true.
He kept trying to hide the wrappers with tissues, but he realized that clean tissues probably wouldn’t help his case.  It was all just there, obvious.
“They don’t like me, and I don’t understand why.”  Jack explained.  He felt the guilt rising in his throat, and he felt as if he might puke, but he read about that.  He didn’t want to do it.  It sounded pretty horrible.
“I was hungry.”  Jack stated, bluntly.  He noticed Cas staring at the empty cereal box.  He swallowed the lump in his throat.
Jack had gone back to school a few days after the hospital, and no one seemed to leave it alone.  Some people reached out with genuine concern, others teased him for it.  Jack had learned to just stop caring - no one really noticed him anyway.
“He’s not getting better, we’ve been fighting for months, and he’ll just eat the bare minimum.”  Sam said to the therapist, as they currently had their monthly family therapy session.
“Huh? Oh, yeah,” Kevin smiled somewhat embarrassed as Sam looked at a self-taken picture of him and his mom, their faces smooshed together with the nebula spread out behind them in the sky.
When the message beeped he forced a smile, “Hi mom, some things happened, like they do, and I uh just wanted to tell you about them. I kissed Sam. That was pretty great. A couple times actually. Guess I’ll have to show you a picture of him after all. I uh, made some friends too. Really great ones.” Tears started to slide down his cheeks and he quickly pushed them aside, “And uhm, I just really miss you. That’s it. I love you. Call you again when I can,” Kevin hung up and finally let the tears come. He wasn’t sure why he couldn’t stop crying, he had never been this scared when on a battlefield before. Usually he was on the front line taking pictures. But most of the time, he never really thought he had anything to lose. Sure he could have died, but Kevin always believed he’d make it through alright. So goes the confidence of youth. But now? He didn’t want to lose Sam, or his new friends, or Sam’s family, or any of these people, and he felt helpless.
“Let me be the one to stay. You take the kid home, do what you can for him. The kids, Jack and Claire, they need you…and besides Benny likes me better anyway,” he forced a teasing smile, but it didn’t quite have the usual boyish charm.
Kevin’s hand went to his pocket and he began handling the bugs as he went around the room, pretending to take a closer look at the carvings. “How impressive, do the exports, tourism, and royalties cover your energy needs? I imagine with a planet wide atmospheric controller, you would need quite a lot of energy,” The Doctor asked making his way around the room as well.
They walked through the halls, listening for footsteps, but when they turned a corner and spotted a templar standing guard they all froze. Sam moved in front of Kevin and Cas stood at his side ready for a fight, but quickly they recognized it was Dean and they relaxed. He spotted them and started moving forward again.
“Sorry, babe,” Dean said as he put his hands on Cas's waist pulling him in. Cas pulled him in the rest of the way, moving his arms around Dean's neck and they slipped together into a deep kiss, moaning obscenely while Anna laughed under her breath shaking her head. Lisa looked between them in shock, expecting some kind of explanation, but even as they broke the kiss they didn't look away from each other and their arms remained in place.
Later, he woke to the sound of knocking. Dean had been huddled tight under his blanket, but he still felt cold everywhere and now the hunger pains were hitting hard. He opened the door to find Cole there with a bowl of what smelled like ram and potato stew, and clearly had chunks of bread on top. “You missed your morning guard duty. I got Bela to cover you, figured you could use some food.”
“There is a difference between owing someone something and shaping your entire life around what other people want. Or at least, there should be. What I’m saying is, and I know this isn’t my place, you have your culture and you are happy with everything, but Sam, it’s clear that you want more than this. You want to travel and learn, you want to experience the universe and I think you should. Maybe you could get new skills and bring them back home, it could be an investment for the community. You shouldn’t have to force yourself into something that doesn’t make you happy just to feel like you are being useful. Your family and community would understand, they love you.”
“I will, thank you.” Claire gave him a shy smile back and then went with her father. Cas watched as Jimmy and Claire ran off across the bridge. The alienage was bursting with screams now as the fire spread. He needed to get to The Pearl quickly, the others would be worried, but at least now they had a good distraction for their escape.
“We were here for some ice cream. I dunno man, I had this weird feeling something was wrong, and I figured if nothing else, at least we could enjoy the fucking air conditioning in here for a while.” Castiel was so overcome with love and relief that he moved forward and pecked Dean on the cheek.
“Electricity. I thought, if I'm ice, then you should have an element too, and electricity seemed the most appropriate. I would have given you this sooner, but it took me a while to acquire the rune.”
Roses bloomed over Dean's freckled cheeks. In that moment he looked so young, his bright veridium eyes cautious, but longing.
“Seriously? That’s what you think this is about? That was nothing more than an inconvenience. The problem, is much more serious than that. It’s a cancer that’s infected this group and it stems from you. You are so weak, how the hell are any of the rest of them still alive?” He looked at the rest of the group, “You all follow this pathetic, soft-hearted idiot, like he was some fucking messiah. You let him make all the decisions for you and don’t even bother to use your own heads. The world isn’t what it was, stop acting like you can still play nice and follow the rules until you get your Disney bullshit happy ending! It’s survival of the fittest, the strong survive, society as it was, is done for. You all need to accept the truth of it and toughen the hell up.
“Speaking of which, this music is quite lively, I almost wish I’d brought my recorder,” The Doctor said, humming a bit as he listened to the band.
Dean was glad to have Sam back home, and over the time he had been gone, he had made a fairly stable day to day routine. Dean would go to work, work on the engine, the fire alarms and all the other equipment that only he seemed to be able to take care of, deal with emergencies, clean up and go home. Things with Meg and Lilith weren't really much better, but they had a good flow going and that was all that mattered really. After work, he'd head home, make dinner, maybe play video games with Charlie and Benny, work out, play pool or hit the hot tub, it didn't matter because life was moving forward and that was enough most of the time. Some days it was all he could really handle.
It took Dean a minute to shake off the tears and cough enough of them from his throat before he could speak again, “Leave it. We don't need the space for anything...let's just leave it. We can keep it locked up...only come in here when we need to.”
“I come from a line of hunters, I may not be a hunter myself, but don't you think I'd still want to know that you aren't human?! That's not something you just spring on someone after getting all close and personal with them for weeks. God, I slept with you and the stuff I told you...I've never told anyone some of that stuff...and you just sat there and lied to me.”
“Yeah, a giant, an elf a templar and a highborn noble aren't exactly inconspicuous.” Kevin said with a shrug.
“I jus’ dinnae want to go, OK?” Jamie snapped and Polly’s eyes went wide as she stepped slightly back. The tension in the air was palpable, it was as if everyone knew that one more step in any direction would put them right into scattered glass shards.
“No, no, you two need to kiss!” Ash slurred and Benny looked at Dean who looked back at him somewhat helplessly.
“Of course you have.” Sam laughed a bit until he felt Gabriel's tongue lap at the syrup as it dripped over his ass to his balls. Sam moaned and gripped the counter tightly as he arched towards Gabriel. “Gabe....Gabriel....”
Kevin shrugged, “Well, the forest looked pretty good, but it is kinda hard to mess up a forest. The community didn’t look anything like the one I visited though. Maybe the other communities look different or something, I don’t know mom. Spending a couple weeks somewhere doesn’t exactly make me an expert”
Dean headed to Gabriel's Hideaway to find the parking lot completely packed and cars lined down the street. Outside there were people bbqing and getting in the small pool while inside on the first level, where the fancy cafe was, there were several large groups sitting down to dinner listening to live piano music. It was only upon getting inside and scanning the room that Dean realized Cas was the one playing the piano in a black and white waiter's uniform complete with waistcoat. He watched slack jawed as Cas played. The tune was simple, but he played it with a blissful smile on his face as his fingers bounced over the keys. His music was purely joyful and it filled Dean's heart to bursting. “Take a seat Dean-o. Have a drink, on me.”
“Yeah, he can't make it for Christmas. He's got a case starting up that is gonna take all his time. He said to just stay here with Bobby and Ellen.”
“Careful Sammy-boy, you're going to put someones eye out.” Balthazar said coming out of the boy's dorm area with Gabriel.
It turned out the voice from a fairy with beautiful black wings, dark brown hair and the brightest blue eyes Dean had ever seen. Dean lost his breath as he stopped mid step and stared at the man. Dude was a fucking work of art. Dean looked him up and down, the man was dressed in the same style uniform he himself was which meant he had to work night shift because Dean sure as hell hadn't heard about anyone joining his shit crew.
Eventually, they returned to the Inn. Polly headed to her own room, Jamie tried to sneak quietly into the room he shared with The Doctor, bumping something loud over on the way in, and Kevin headed down the hall to his room. He was nearly there when he heard a door slam below, followed by voices. He looked around the empty hallway and then pressed his tablet down to the floor, turning on a high powered recording app. When the voices went quiet he stopped the recording, pulled out some headphones and walked into his room. Ben was already asleep in bed, so he moved to his own bed and listened to the recording. He could recognize a woman speaking to John Winchester.
Jamie sat back in his seat with a lack of grace that left Kevin whispering bitterly to himself, “309” between heaving a tired sigh and rolling his eyes.
Jess's eyes widened and she put her hand over her mouth and looked at Sam, “You aren't a vegetarian?”
“Did you...” Cas started and Dean shook his head, “No, he's still breathing, he's just out. Help me tie him up. I think Benny has some extra rope back in the cart.”
Dean and Cas had spent the majority of the afternoon cleaning Dean's room. Shortly after they finished, Dean fell asleep and Cas got a book and read in bed next to Dean to make sure he was absolutely ok now. For dinner, they went to the cafeteria separately and Cas spoke to Sam about him needing to talk to his brother and filled him in on just how bad Dean had been that morning. Needless to say, after dinner, when Sam and Cas joined Dean in his room, the first thing Sam did was punch his brother in the arm.
“Fine, fine, I'm going. I know when I'm not being appreciated properly. Come on Anna,” Gabe tugged her by the elbow and pulled her back to the kitchen. Sam watched them go with an amused smile.
“Or you could end up with the one thing you truly want. If he actually rejects you, which I doubt will happen, you can come back here and we can play chess until you forget all about it. I may even let you win.”
“Awesome.” Dean went to his lock box and grabbed a deck of cards, “Cas, shuffle? I'm gonna take a quick dose.”
“What exactly is it about trying to cut off a massive group of walkers that you find pointless?” Dean asked, raising the volume, but not shouting yet.
Brady's moans seemed to come out in sighed hums as Sam's fingers and tongue trailed over his body. Sam may not have ever been with a man before, but that didn't stop him from his usual urgency and passion; he had always be a somewhat aggressive lover, but even more so now that he needed to work out some stress. Sam worked his way down, kissing, biting and sucking Brady's collarbone before moving to his nipples, teasing one after the other until they were both hard, lavishing the little pink buds with his tongue and giving them tiny, teasing nips. Then, he slid down Brady's side to his hip bone where he sucked until a little purple blossom formed, then slipped to the crevasse between Brady's leg and cock all the while running his fingers gently over Brady's thighs, clawing them desperately before grabbing his ass roughly in need.
Dean pulled Jamie into a hug, patting his back a couple times, “It was good to meet you, Jamie. Thanks again, you know, for saving my life out there.”
Castiel was given a medical mask and allowed down into the hatch. He gave the boy medicine and a cold rag for his forehead. Benny brought down a sleeping bag and together they helped Kevin get set up for the night as they explained the deal. Kevin was so far gone in his fever, that he barely responded. Andrea brought him some pumpkin soup and tea for him, but he had to be fed to take any of it down. Being together that long in the hatch, and seeing how kind Benny could be made Castiel want to ask about the caged walkers, but he refrained. It was far too early in their partnership to start bringing in moral judgement.
“Hey, I can listen while I…you know.” They both went red as Castiel looked at the book, turning it over to read the back, his smile never fading. “I read it, too, finally. Kinda wished I read it sooner…maybe I wouldn’t have been such a fuck up…” Dean teased, half joking with his eyes glued to the book.
“Yes, that’s right,” Kevin said, still somewhat in a daze, but content to let the man lead him through a conversation.
Castiel stared into the water with an intensity most couldn’t harbor, “I…could not put Jack and Claire in danger like that. I imagine the place is overrun, there is likely nothing to go back to…no one to find.”
“You'll pay for this Dean, for killing our brothers, for turning your back against the order. Even if we don't kill you, the lack of lyrium will.”
When things went quiet, Cas began to touch his bracelet and it caught Dean's eye. “I saw that before, what is it? I thought you guys weren't suppose to have jewelry outside of that ring you guys get after your Harrowing.”
They walked in silence for a moment, but Dean found it awkward, so he started trying to fill the air, “So, is that other guy like his other brother then?”
“There has to be a way out. I have to get out of here,” the boy said, louder than he probably meant to, and got up.
“Little bitch!” Dean grabbed the rifle from where he had just put it down and started aiming when Sam grabbed his arm, still breathing heavily and hunched over.
Dean had never seen anything like spring in the Pacific Northwest. The once dull brown hills were alive with green and bright yellow, and there were cherry blossom and dogwood trees scattering pink, white, and purple blossoms everywhere. The sun was finally starting to regain some of its warmth, but the air was still cool and fresh. Animals and fish were more prevalent now, which made hunting and fishing even better for the kids. Over all, Dean was starting to wonder why he ever wanted to run to Canada in the first place. Eternal winter would have been awful.
Suddenly a figure appeared in the tall grass nearby, then another and another, everywhere, all through the field, people appeared groaning and dazed, lifting their heads in confusion.
“You can come in now, Pol,” Ben called out and Polly came in grinning at them as Ben helped Kevin regain his balance.
Cas smiled and placed a gentle calming hand on his cheek, “Dean, no matter how you act on the outside, it's obvious that at your core there is nothing you want more than love and family, but are you sure you want that with me?”
The whole operation was messy and south-side quality, but it was enough to get the job done. By the end of it, Jack was given some pain killers and put in bed. Claire and Dean sat on the porch, waiting and watching to see if anyone followed them. Meanwhile, Castiel and Sam cleaned up the kitchen, trying to sanitize the area the best they could.
Castiel smiled briefly and then moved close to whisper to him, “If you could leave here, would you?”
Dean shook his head, “Don’t start that shit. You know I’m with you, brother. No matter what that means.” Benny gave a weak, grateful smile and clapped Dean’s shoulder, gripping it for a moment as if to steady himself before finally getting into his truck.
Dean looked at it for a moment longer and then smiled up at Cas, “It's awesome Cas. Thanks.” He pulled Cas to him and kissed him gently.
Benny nodded, “Still sounds pretty nice, having him around at all I mean. My father was a sailor. Didn’t see him much. He went straight from the Navy to a fishing boat in Alaska. Mama said he musta been a pirate in another life or some shit to hear the ocean call for him that hard.”
Now that he was out of his coat, Dean could see that he was bigger now, the military threat from Claire must have been true based on his build…and the extra scars on his face and hands. Plus, when he thought about it, he vaguely remembered that when he knew Castiel, the boy was in ROTC and smart as hell, so it made sense that he would get into some kind of special ops group. Still, bigger or not, some things didn’t change. His eyes were still the same piercing, brilliant blue and he still carried an aura about him that made Dean feel comfortable; even if their acquaintance had both began and ended with his fist in Castiel’s face, no one had ever made him feel more at peace than Castiel fucking Novak.
“Or they could be a bunch of fucking psychopaths, like most of us that are left. Cas, we killed some of their people, it’s a little too late to try and be friends now.”
“There is nothing you do not deserve,” Cas said firmly, his smile dropping instantly and Dean felt himself freeze under the stare. “I mean that. You are amazing, Dean. With your strength and your good heart, you are truly beautiful inside and out and I will not have you talking bad about yourself. Even if you don't believe in you, trust that I know what I'm talking about.”
Kevin nodded and followed quietly. Outside, Amara was holding onto Raphael tightly while Chuck held his own children close. By now Michael and Gabriel had joined them. Castiel and Dean came out next and Castiel went to his father, hugging him tightly. “Prepare for the funeral. I’m going to go investigate in the woods.”
“Huh, alright I guess.” The first templar said, but the second cut him off, “That ain't no nug, my family bred nugs for nug racing, trust me, that is no nug.”
“Oh my god, just shut up! Jack, it’s gonna be fine, we’ll be home soon, ok?” Claire said as she pushed the hair from his forehead where the sweat made it stick to his skin. He nodded and leaned into her touch.
“I suppose it depends…but if there is any chance they can be reasoned with…that’s what I want to do. I don’t want to just…slaughter more people if I don’t have to…”
He finally found what he needed and began to copy the words over. Reading them had been hard enough, but writing them felt like a violation and it made him sick. Still, Castiel pressed on. As he neared the end of the letter, he could hear footsteps outside the hallway. Someone was coming to the door. Castiel looked around the room and quickly shut the lock box with the new request of tranquility, put the key in the desk where Rachel said it belonged and threw himself under the bed just as the door opened.
Castiel was used to sleeping in a small space with a lot of people because of his time in the army, so he fell asleep rather quickly. Dean, however, was definitely not used to it. He stayed awake, looking at Cas through the faint light coming in from the cracks between boards on the window. He couldn’t stop thinking about their kiss. It scared him to admit it, but so much of him wanted to reach over and pull Cas closer…or at least just touch him. Fluke or not, something about Cas, even after 14 years, still had such an effect on him. He didn’t know what it meant, and hell, he wasn’t even completely sure what he wanted really. He figured he wanted Cas to see him the way he had before, but maybe he just wanted…. forgiveness…or approval…or some other obnoxious thing that he couldn’t quite pinpoint. Either way, he knew that if he just left it like this and ran off to Canada with Sam, he would regret it. The kiss that day had felt so good, but he wasn’t naïve enough to think that meant they were all good. Clearly Cas didn’t completely trust him, and that was fair considering everything that had happened between them. But even despite everything Cas had said, the fact of the matter was that he had trusted him with this big trading partners mission, and Dean wasn’t going to let him down.
Castiel followed his gaze and when he saw it, he stepped back as well. In the corner of the room was an iron cage that ran from the floor to the low ceiling. Inside, were several walkers, moaning and bumping around. The closer Castiel looked, the more familiar they seemed, “Those…those are the people from the other day.”
“If we can get to a communication system, I can ask for another community to bring a shuttle,” Jess offered, “Might wanna hurry though. Getting kinda light headed here.”
Eventually, Jody’s voice could be heard over the walkie-talkies, “You’re clear as far as the reservoir, but do you mind getting the ones on the traps? Figured we could save some bullets.”
“Alright, I’ll just get to the important stuff then, the hot springs are separated by gender and you’re expected to shower before you enter them; after all, the majority of our community baths here, so we like to keep it as clean and comfortable as possible for everyone. After you’ve gotten cleaned up, you can take your small hand towel with you and enter the hot spring itself. Any questions?”
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” John screamed as he hit Dean so hard one of his teeth went loose. Cas tried to pull him off, and that’s when John pulled a gun on him. “Sit the fuck down, faggot.” Castiel’s eyes went wide as he stumbled, moving to sit down on a pile of boxes in the corner.
They both froze, as John Winchester shoved his way in the door with a case of beer in his arms. The minute he spotted them, his eyes went wide, “The fuck is going on? You’re letting some fucking faggot Novak fuck you? My goddamn son?”
, do your duty and stay in line.” Dean stared at Crowley for a moment, part of him wanted to run, to spit in his face, to say what he did had been right, but he couldn't. His head was swimming, the teasing was almost too much, his body needed more, it couldn't just stop with a taste, he needed every drop he could get. His body ached and shook with need as he bent over Crowley's desk, his face pressed against messily stacked parchments.
“Dean, whatever you are, it is clearly far from ok. Talk to me,” Cas quietly brushed the dampness from Dean's cheek.
A few days later, the group crammed themselves into Cas’s truck and headed down the mountain, through the valley, and out towards the Salmon river for a day of fishing. The snow had finally stopped, though the thick grey clouds above threatened to start again at any moment.
Sam took one last look around before following Dean upstairs. Dean handed him one key and kept the other for himself, hiding it in his wallet before shoving it back into his back pocket. They made their way to the kitchen and Dean started assessing supplies while Sam sat at the kitchen table. “So, you're going to the station tomorrow?”
When they got to the last first year, the mullet boy cracked his knuckles, “Here's Sammy. 5$ says he's with us.”
Cas bit his lip lightly as he finished putting his last piece into place, “I'm not sure. He is a good man, I respect him and I care about him. I want to help him and protect him. I want to be there for him and...I want him.”
Several hours later, the hatch opened with a long creak. At the top of the stairs stood a scruffy man with pale blue eyes, a long, old military coat, and a black cap. “Kevin, how you holdin’ up, son?”
“It's fine Sam, maybe someday, but right now I just have too much on my mind to even begin thinking about all of that.”
“Uh, because I like it here?” Castiel looked up at him questioningly, so Gabriel gave an exaggerated sigh, “Look, it's simple. In here, I'm the big fish in a small pond. I got everything I need without having to work for any of it. The templars seem to like me, the mages like me, so I don't get any crap, all in all things are pretty good for me. It's not all oppression and violation for everyone. Now, that doesn't mean I don't think there should be any changes, I'm all team Castiel, 100%. You're the kinda leader we need, you want to give people options which means people like me would still win and people like Kevin and Sam would win, too. You want to keep people safe and happy, and I'm all down with safe and happy. So seriously, don't think I'm not on your side, I just think you need to be smart about it and not throw yourself under the bus for every injustice you see. With the whole Samandriel situation, you got out easy because you were young, now that your a proper mage, they won't let stuff go so easily, and you can't be made tranquil, so that just leaves the axe. Keep that in mind, ok? Pick your battles.”
Dean walked away, he had a few hours before lunch and he wasn't on his first guard duty until that night. That gave him all morning and afternoon to find Sam, but he was going to have to be careful. People couldn't find out that they were brothers, or he'd get kicked out, Sam would know that though. He was always a smart kid and considering the only place they really had for fun in here was a library, he probably got a whole hell of a lot smarter. Sam would keep it quiet, maybe take them into his room, so they could talk or something.
Sam barges into the kitchen carrying his laptop, his expression grim but still lighter than it's been over the last few weeks.
"Using the surrounding trees, there must not be a gap larger than five feet between the trees with sigils all the way around the water, with the more sigils carved into the trees, the better. The second thing is visibility; they should not be easily visible since they would be sure to tip off the Nakki we are trying to entrap. Thus, carving the sigils into the trunks' bases and covering them up in some way, using moss, sticks, greenery, etcetera. Finally, you need to believe what you want the sigils to do in order to make them effective; the sigil should glow a bright green if you've done it correctly."
"Like Dominos?" Amara rolled her eyes. "People may not be able to cheat death, but they can change their own path, while there may be cataclysmic events that cannot be changed, it's the subtle choices one makes that truly makes a difference, the butterfly effect applies here...." Another pause. "I'm not sure what I did, but I will tell you one thing, I was fundamentally wrong about Dean Winchester, and my misjudgement caused a lot of grief. I heed you not to make the same mistake, or to overlook anything, or rather more importantly... anyone."
"Photo's of you sleeping; Sam seemed to think that pictures are good for remembering happier times and family," Jack said matter of factually, and Sam looks as if he's trying not to crack a smile. "Here, look."
The next chapter will see them working the case and the conclusion of the case since I want to move the story back to the main plot.
Dean's brain was providing him with all kinds of comments and questions, none of which he really wants to focus on. He felt slightly uncomfortable; he didn't care that his son was gay, being more worried about being attached to someone romantically in general, or how much of a target he would be too old school hunters. This was the same situation of finding out about Charlie or Jesse and Cesar. Yet, it's different because it's his son, and there was this nagging feeling deep in his gut when he saw them kissing, seeing someone that looks so much like himself, and Dean really didn't want to examine why that was.
"I know of the most romantic spot just a little while from here, normally it's used for ice skating in the winter, but I've found it's a beautiful place for a picnic. I'd be honoured if you would join me, we could watch the sunset."
Dean hears the twigs snap as someone approaches him, the footsteps almost tentative in nature. Dean just frowns and straightens up from his crouched position, hearing a slight crack in his back as he does so.
Marion suddenly looks like she has a thought, "I guess it's also important to know that having powers also come with some weaknesses, for example, an angel blade will do more damage to us than it would an average human but not as much damage as it would to an Angel. Also, anti angel warding and sigils will only incapacitate our powers, but we can still move freely-" She again is cut off by her brother.
"James, yes." Sam has a funny feeling in his stomach at her tone, but is he just reading too much into it?
“You requested to see me? I can’t imagine why? Many other people could help you with whatever thing you have dreamt up. Especially since I was in heaven lockin in a cell until not long ago, I imagine you also had something to do about that?" Naomi staring at Amara questioningly, trying to gauge what they were truly up to.
Rather than watching the Ballet, Cas, with a small smile on his face, watches Jack stare in awe at the ballerinas on stage, immediately becoming invested in the performance to the point it looked like he was trying to prevent himself from blinking.
"I think that's a good idea...," Cas finally responds, "taking some time away from focusing on Chuck, at least until something else pops up." Cas pauses again, thinking, he turns to Sam suddenly. "You said Christmas monster, correct? You are aware it's currently the middle of July."
"DJ and I were thinking about that, and we basically have two things we can actively do to be productive on this case. The first is to set up the area in which we want to trap them. We actually already determined what the next body of water is going to be based on the pattern of the first four crime scenes. While the second thing is actually finding the leader and tricking them into leading us to the next sacrificial body of water."
Before Cas can even think about the consequences, he learns over to Dean and pulls him into a hug. Dean freezes but, after a moment, relaxes and returns the hug so tight that if Cas were human, they would have been sure to at least fracture something. Dean's not sure how long they stay like that, not that it matters. He also ignores the voice in his head, yelling about personal space because that doesn't matter right now. If Dean were honest with himself, he'd say he was not only scared but terrified of the possibilities of what's to come and Cas' is not only a beacon of hope but also a calming force.
"I thought that too, which is why I did a little digging. There has been a spike of drownings every year around Christmas time in and around this region dating back at least a couple of decades; there are only so many records made available online from a county so small."
Putting the final gun down on the table, Dean looks at his brother right in the eye, new-found determination on his face.
Sometime later, as they were almost back to the lodge, Sam decided to break the silence that had overtaken the 'borrowed' car. Sam clears his throat, and Dean flicks his eyes towards him, not liking the smirk playing on his lips.
"I needed quick money and was in California, can't remember what city, saw an ad for sperm donors, so I decided to donate."
Suddenly sam started chuckling and shaking his head, and Dean tilts towards him, but his eyes don't leave the two teenagers in the parking lot.
"This entire situation is bizarre, and I hadn't figured out what I would say to you first face to face, plus your memory got to me." Marion quipped back, her eyes narrowing and body language entering a fight or flight response, which dissipates some when Dj shuffles a bit closer to provide a grounding.
"I'll go get us a room," Dean muttered, getting out of the car and slamming the door shut behind him. He braces himself as if he's going into battle before walking towards what he hopes is the front office.
Dean chooses to ignore the first part of Cas's statement. "Sam was right; we've all done horrible things, we've all had accidents and make mistakes, and it wasn't Jack's fault, not really. Looking at him figure out the world is similar to how I felt seeing Sammy grow up; he's like my kid, he's all our kid, and I need to be better about that even when things go off the deep end, and shit gets hard."
It just goes on like that, and Dean’s almost certain maybe there is something sustainable in it. Even if he can’t look Cas in the eye when his hands are on him and even if he flees whenever he’s not trying to be everything for Cas because it’s all just too much. Cas seems to enjoy it, seems to enjoy
He helps you into the car, and you collapse into the passenger seat, the world spinning, fatigue hot in your eyes. You want to sleep more, but Dean hasn’t elaborated, and you want to say something, break the tension.
“Okay then well,” Dean looks at your lips, back to your eyes, and you wonder distantly if you should have savoured the way you were kissing instead of just getting lost in it. “I want to fuck you.” You go still. You know logically you just voiced your desire for it, but something about the brash way he said it with the way he was looking at you had you fixated and immobilised again, but you manage to nod, anyways.
“I have paid for the rest of the week here,” Cas says. “It’s nice. It gets a lot of light in the morning.” Dean can’t tell if Cas is speaking in metaphor for all the natural light the bunker lacks.
“Dean, that’s not funny,” Sam says. He goes to hug you again, but this time his arm wraps against your shoulder, and it hurts. He pulls away as you flinch. You immediately take your jacket off, and there it is: same place as it was before. Burnt scar tissue in the form of a handprint.
. Seems to be settling into being human, to some extent, and Dean thinks maybe he’s actually healthily adjusting. Like maybe he has a chance for peace.
him, which seems so much worse for some reason, when the pain has overtaken his ability to process. He blinks through the sharp pain and feels horribly sick. That is, before another strike and burst of pain whites everything out, and it hurts so much Cas doesn’t know what to do.
It is funny. To watch continents shift and crash and their ecosystems suffer and change and thrive. To feel the moon move get farther away like feeling your father’s absence grow. To watch the stars change their tapestry from the surface of planet earth. It is funny that one night with one human can matter so much. Then again, you guess every second with Dean matters so much. Because he changed you. He changed all the time preceding himself. He changed your philosophy, and the cacophony is screaming in your mind once again. You wish he could keep these memories. You wish you could leave that impression on the world. The way you tried to speak love into every touch. It’s so funny, you think mordantly. How the entire apocalypse seemed insignificant in the grand scheme of Earth’s history to you, but to him it was everything. And how this one night seems entirely significant to you despite the grand scheme of Earth’s history, but to him it was nothing.
“Well you already scared “chastity” away. Guess that only leaves one option, I guess,” Dean says, and he suddenly seems more flustered than you’re used to seeing him. You think about how you scared “Chastity” away, about absent fathers, about your mission to find your own.
His hand is in your hair though, gentle, and it’s grounding. You’re trying to speak your love to him all over again in this physical language, this one you’re learning now as opposed to knowing from the patterns. You think you’re doing good, that he is returning some form of care or appreciation in the sentiment. He’s at least moaning a lot, breathy and loud.
He passes out on the concrete for several hours before he makes it back to bed. And he regrets absolutely everything. But mostly he regrets not being able to become a reason for Cas to stay.
When you get back to the impala, Dean’s laughter dies down after a moment. He seems more sober than he is, and he just sits there for a minute. You want to tell him about the dangers of driving under the influence, which you can tell he is just by looking at him, and that perhaps you should drive, but he’s just sitting there anyways.
“I don’t remember calling you,” Dean admits. “I think I know what you’re talking about though. I remember trying.”
,” you try to say in warning, lost in it, but you start coming, ejaculating into his mouth, and he pulls off, coughing a bit, some come landing on your leg as well. Coming down from the bliss, sated, you’re suddenly overwhelmed by a certainty you did something wrong. It’s all so much, to filter in where you are again, who you’re with, what’s happening. Dean’s wiping your leg and his mouth off with his dark shirt he picked up off the ground, and the touch is soothing, calming.
. He puts them behind his back. They can have their chance to shake when he’s cracking open the whiskey. Which needs to happen, immediately. Because Cas is just standing there, witnessing how much Dean is collapsing in on himself. He looks sad, like he’s pitying Dean. Dean doesn’t need that. He wasn’t the one who confessed his undying love for Cas (I mean he did, but not
here, Cas? I got the message.” It makes everything go still, the sudden harshness, volume. Dean cannot stand this, not at all. He thought he was prepared, but he’s pretty sure he’s dead already, and it’s ridiculous, ridiculous, but all he can think of is all the years, all the time, all the love he has for Cas, how intense it is, how he knew everything was going to fall apart, yet here he is anyways, wondering why it feels like he’s swimming.
He thinks about the sandwich and the fact Dean made it with care, and he thinks about the unknown weather outside, and he ignores a deep fear threatening inside whiting out his ability to comprehend how spectacularly bad his decision making must have become, because all he sees is a single choice answer. It makes him feel a little blank.
“Okay.” You’re not entirely sure what to make of the situation, but it really does feel like Earth again, and the sensation of coming back to it, with its air and it’s trees, the petrichor and the daylight through the clouds. It was very similar. You have no idea why you’re here now, or if you’re truly out of hell. But you’re just going to go on the assumption you are. Maybe Jack isn’t going to be completely hands-off after all. At least this time, if God commanded you to be saved, you know why. Naive family loyalty.
Cas’s face is sticky with blood, and everything is so painful, so fresh and immediate and connected in a way he’s not accustomed to, that he gets confused about what’s going on, looks up at Dean through blurry eyes, and tries to place what’s happening, why can’t he process any of this pain, why Dean wants to hurt him, but then it slides back into place, the guilt eating Cas alive.
He still can’t move, apparently the second-order not redacting the first, so he can’t even try to push his weight off his injuries. He finds he can’t even speak to apologise, to try to explain why he did what he did. Dean does get up and in his terrifying silence and their heavy breath, abruptly kicks Cas in the chest. His body recoils at impact, but Cas can’t even flinch away, stuck immobile with his shuddering breath and his coruscating agony. They stay still for a moment, and Cas feels drenched in the thick atmosphere of terror in the room.
“I think we should make a habit of that. A very regular habit,” Dean says, and the idea doesn’t seem so terrifying anymore, like before. He’s not even entirely sure why, considering he knows the feeling of calm will probably fade any moment and today was exhausting in its terror.
But he also knows, like always, he’ll try to give Dean anything he wants. Even if it is a lie. Dean doesn’t need anything transactional. Dean has all of him.
You let him rest, and you patch up the wall, certain that he won’t hear. You might not be able to save his brother from being possessed by the devil in any certainty, but you can try to fix the holes it leaves.
“‘Very good,’ well that’s good, I guess,” he says, and he’s still touching you, stroking your legs almost lovingly.
“Do you mean that?” Cas says, and honestly Dean’s been so caught up in suddenly remembering anything about Cas at all and being so thoroughly hit with despair he can’t process what’s happening, coming back, then being hit again, like he’s on some beach being attacked by waves, but what’s the fucking point, he never got to go to the beach with Cas either.
“Okay,” Castiel says. The conversation feels muffled. They head towards Dean’s room at Dean’s shock, assuring he didn’t mean right now, while Cas moves forward like it’s a mission.
“You really couldn’t fly a foot away so she wouldn’t have you tied up like that, Cas? It’s that bad?” he says, finally, and his tone is more sad than angry. He’s losing you, that part he cares about, and it still matters to him, what he’s losing. You feel emptied out.
Dean stops though because he’s not sure he should just make Cas come in his clothes right now, but more importantly, they’re only like half way through the movie. He does, however, want to keep frustrating Cas and taking him apart, so he does keep touching him with varying degrees of intensity without looking at him before repeatedly stick his hand back in Cas’s pants. Neither of them are watching the movie at all, but after twenty or so more minutes, Cas just slams the laptop shut.
It doesn’t feel like much at all until his hands are on your face, and he’s sucking on your lip, and you’re so shocked you barely know how to respond. It stops everything. It stops the tessellating terror and time that beats loudly into your ears like some curse of regret. It stops the doubt of faith and the upcoming apocalypse and the flashes of every mass extinction that have been seared to the back of your eyelids. All that exists is him. And when he pulls away, fear sets like rotting stones turning in your guts. You’re paralysed you did something wrong.
“Yes, I mean, No. I’m not angry,” Dean says. It doesn’t make much sense, but you’ll take it. Dean often doesn’t make much sense to you, and you know you need to stop deciphering meaning from the way his hand might stroke against your thumb, but you can’t right now. You have to pretend it means
“We can go slow,” Dean says. “What about our lives isn’t a mess.” Cas isn’t sure how to respond, how to talk. He’s terrified. Terrified of not being enough for Dean, terrified of Dean lying to him and this all being empty and meaningless, terrified that this is all the empty and he’ll never actually see Dean again, terrified he’ll never be able to kiss Dean without being terrified, terrified Dean will give up on him before they even get a chance to make it through whatever this is. Terrified he’ll believe what Dean says, that Dean could love him.
“What,” Dean says, pulling away from you, and he’s immediately on offence. It sends chills through you, and your brain isn’t working fast enough to react right. “Cas, if someone’s too drunk to remember, you probably shouldn’t--”
But none of the pain, none of the distress, not even the terrified panic at his coat being stripped off and his vessel oriented vulnerable and trapped like this, can dare to match the euphoria Castiel feels at mere consciousness.
“Then let me help you,” Dean says, his voice marginally softer. It makes Cas feel dizzily euphoric. “Let me help you with your penance.” He smiles at Cas, and it feels like a balm, the pain blossoming strong still, every time he remembers what he’s done.
“You need to stop this,” Castiel says when Dean enters the next day (a term relative: Castiel has not seen natural lighting, a clock, nor geared himself into his true form in a long time). Dean just raises his eyebrow at Castiel, who moves to sit -- the board and nails moving with his body painful, his left arm covered in cuts wrapped around his head. Castiel relishes the pain of the position.
“I’m a strong advocate for sleep, as little as I get in my life,” Dean says. “There’s no apocalypses on the rise, Cas, geez, try to look at me as a
Cas nods minutely, and Dean hears the sound of the door shutting behind him, and he can finally let the tension leave him. He thinks he would have just collapsed, like all the drawstringed tension finally released from him, but he’s motivated. He needs to be drunk, immediately. He needs to stop remembering. He feels nauseous, sick, sharp hook in his chest, heart still somehow on fire, breaking; the sensations overlap and contrast and compare and make him feel like he’s about to throw up.
you’ve ever experienced before. But perhaps it was inevitable. No matter what choices you made, Dean was going to change your perception.
!” he exclaims, and the sound of his voice echoes in the sheltered warehouse. He stalks out of the door without saying another word, and you do what you’ve trained yourself into doing, and you follow him.
Your whole body is now rigid, frozen, and you feel thrown back to exactly how you felt that night he cannot recall. You’re terrified you’re going to do something bad enough for him to want to forget all over again, so you don’t move, still lost in the human endorphins and the desire to close your mouth over his fingers.
“What do you want me to say, Cas?” He can’t look at Cas. He can’t even listen to the way Cas’s breath keeps catching.
“Cas?” he says, and Cas isn’t sure how to react. He should leave. But an itch of panic forms every time he thinks of it.
example.” He adjusts onto the bed, to which Dean lies on his side to still fit, and it’s not the most comfortable, but Dean’s so happy with all the contact he could care less. Though, he does think for sleeping, they should just sleep in his memory foam bed every night. He wonders if he could convince Cas of that.
He’s often sweet about it too, though. He’ll slowly, almost carefully, clean out Cas’s cuts, usually with an antiseptic that feels more corrosive than purifying, but it is, Castiel knows; he’ll take it. He’ll bite through layers on his inner cheek in pain and feel Dean wipe away his potential infection.
“You could have stopped, at any point. You knew I was following you,” Dean says. “I was trying to stop you from leaving. From the beginning. You
of it again. Know that this grand plan must have some grand ending none of the archangels understand. There has to be a way for everything to matter again. But the more you see his eyes, his pain, his smile, the way he laughs at you? The more you realise that no, this is all wrong. It all matters. It all just fucking matters.
. Your body is still reacting to him making you orgasm not a few minutes earlier, and there’s a really strong urge to
“You know we... we don’t have to do this? Right?” Cas asks, and he looks imploringly, looks with that intensity that right now Dean’s terrified of. The gaze he can’t even meet when his hand is on Cas’s dick. His fist shakes. He presses it against the mattress he’s sitting on, stands up to face Cas, and feels weak in his legs.
,” you say, after he increases friction just to slow down again. At your pleading though, his hand stills, and you can help thrust up into his hands. “
“You think I kicked you out?” He can’t turn around to face Cas right now. He focuses on the window instead. The windows are up high, and he can mostly just see blue-grey sky.
“I already told you,” Cas says. Dean smirks, and he has completely lost control of the conversation because the intent that Cas is looking at him with, like he’s fucking
“You will,” Dean says. “Look at me,” he says, and you force your gaze to his, trying to not lower them in the shame you feel. You don’t necessarily think you did something wrong this time, but your face is pulsating, yet not just long before Dean was touching you gently, wanting you to feel pleasure, so the shame and guilt come anyways. “You will, or I swear to God, Cas. I’m just going to drive off and leave you here. I refuse to be around you another second, and I genuinely do not give a fuck if that means never seeing you again.”
, and it punctuates him off course, suddenly making everything way too much, and Dean feels somewhat sick.
but when Cas comes into the room, he looks forlorn, and it’s menacing. Dean feels the panic so sharp and bright he can barely make sense of anything else.
The atmosphere seems electric. Dean wants another drink, and the sky feels like a storm. It’s already getting darker. Time keeps passing. Cas doesn’t slow down, so Dean doesn’t. Dean feels like the world is turning into charged violet and intoxicating greys. But mostly there’s just all these fucking fields and the light still feels too bright.
“Well, get in, we don’t have all day,” he says, and he opens the front door of the impala with more force than necessary. You follow suit, getting in the other side, anxiety tight in your chest. You don’t say a word, and Dean starts to drive towards the abandoned house you’re setting up as a trap for Raphael. Before you get there, however, Dean pulls off to the side on a random road, way out from any other cars or people and gets out of the car, slamming the door angrily. You’re not sure if you’re also supposed to. You’re not sure what you’re supposed to do at all. But does it matter? You’re going to die today, you’re certain. So why does it feel like the end of the world that Dean is so upset?
But the emptiness of Dean’s absence might be the worst. Castiel’s still in pain: he’s never not in pain now. His entire body aches constantly, and while his vessel’s reactions certainly are not human, it seems to want to mimic healing on that timescale. And even that is itchy, bothersome, distracting on his already suffering body. That is, if Dean doesn’t recut into the healing wounds.
It all seems very fishy, and your life is being capable of telling when something is up. But then you see him, and you know right then, yeah,
The first thing Castiel feels from a bleary, surreal unconsciousness is a searing pain in his abdomen. It reminds him quickly, of what had happened, of Dean’s bones cracking from Castiel’s own hands, with Dean pleading with him bloody on his knees. He remembers the snap where Dean came into his perception as
He gets a short reprieve when Dean pulls the stool over before he sits and gets himself in place to start littering cuts all along Cas’s face and chest. Cas doesn’t realise he’s begging Dean to stop until Dean says, “How about you tell me to cut you instead.”
Cas doesn’t know how long Dean’s actively cutting him, sometimes he breaks or just smears the blood around with the knife, but the time elapses, all around him, swirling into hopelessness clenching at him because
Cas tries to hold it, but without the compulsion, he’s having a harder time holding the whip at all without his hand shaking so much he drops it. He pushes himself back on off the floor onto his knees, but every muscle in his body seems to want to rebel. He tries to orient to whip himself, but for some reason, he holds back dramatically, despite the fact it still whites his brain out with pain. He tries again, harder, his hand tremoring, but the movement itself makes his vision black out, and he’s only jolted back from the pain at the collision. When he goes to do it again, everything goes dark.
Cas doesn’t say anything, just stands still, and Dean feels completely helpless, like he’s talking to some sort of ghost. Like Cas isn’t even
“I’d say so, Cas,” he says, laughs. You must look at him sort of perplexed because he grows serious when he says, “As you said, ‘very good.’” You smile at that, go to kiss him again, because you can, because you’re going to die tomorrow, but you don’t even know how to care right now, and you do that for a minute or so, before Dean’s mumbling, “Cas, I’m, I’m very tired.” You move to sit down properly, let him put his head on your lap, and he seems to think this is a great idea, even though there is still not nearly enough room in this car.
“Yes,” Cas says, without hesitation. Dean shakes his head. He doesn’t understand. He’s not sure if it’s the lack of alcohol that’s making everything feel so abrupt and sharp or if it’s simply the lack of Cas’s lips on his.
. “Cas, do you know ‘bout them? Do they work?” Castiel stares at Dean frustrated. If Dean’s going to hold this much power over him, he should at least be smarter about it. Dean narrows his eyes. “Come on Cas, talk to me.”
Castiel nods solemnly, guilt roiling and frazzled. He still didn’t understand what was going on, but he supposes that makes sense, given the extent of whatever Naomi did to him. Even thinking of it makes his ability to comprehend go blurry.
? For some reason, the horror of Dean’s willingness to do that is visceral. Or is Dean here to rescue him?
“Dean, what’s going on?” Castiel asks again. Dean isn’t moving, face hard, looking at the blade in Cas’s hand. Castiel remembers their last interaction and drops the blade as if it’s made of holy fire.
Dean convinces Cas to watch yet another movie with him, but somewhere around the half hour mark, he pushes their hands farther up Cas’s thigh, and something so satisfied and joyful sparks in Dean as Cas’s breath hitches. He tests it further, sliding his hand out of Cas’s who lets go easily, across Cas’s crotch, his sweatpants which give away everything.
it. He wants to take all the detriment on himself, wants to erase the damage he’s done to others and take whatever that means and face it. He wants Dean to enjoy this, and sometimes that thought helps, but usually, instead Cas feels sick which exponentially accelerates the pain in his psychological distress that Dean wants him to suffer.
“You barely tortured me for five minutes, I’ve had worse, Bela, it’s okay,” you say, taking pity on her.
? Heaven’s punishments were always a lot worse. Cas doesn’t feel qualified to answer this question. Shouldn’t Dean know? Dean always knows when he’s done something wrong. He beats himself up over it, punishes himself more than he ever should.
You follow suit and get into the truck anyways, and it’s a musty old thing with garbage Dean never bothered to clear out at the feet and dust that billows into the air if you hit the seats. You decidedly prefer the Impala, but of course, you’re never going to mention it. Dean doesn’t move to drive, or really do anything, as the bright white light of a cloudy sky with the sun begging to pierce through illuminates his set jaw. You sit there in silence, unsure if he needs reassurance you’re not turned. You’re not human enough to fall victim to this particular disease.
“Of course you do,” he says, voice a little weak. Cas stares blankly at Dean for a moment, before looking past him, out to the growing dusk and the greyness behind him. He seems absent.
? You don’t know what to make of it, of anything. You can’t process what happened because you’re so angry at him you think you’ll break your fists hitting your bedroom wall if you let yourself. Everything is empty. And you try to make sense of it -- you were just as alone after your dad died, and he also went to hell for you. But the pervasive pain that you could lock up after that isn’t what follows you now. This is just so empty.
“Give me back my memories,” Dean insists. He’s glaring at you now, begging you to fight him. But you don’t want to fight. You want to be able to give him whatever he wants right now. It makes you angrier that you can’t.
“No shit, Cas, I’m fucking livid at you.” Cas feels fear infiltrate his system. He feels himself get confused again. Is this where the empty switches things? Before anything happens, right now, and make it punishment for Cas? Cas realises he might actually appreciate that.
“Dean?” he says, confused and a little bit hopeful. Cas is desperately trying to scan his memories to make sense of this, his weakened state, the loss of the tablet, the dark room with the hard concrete and the obvious wards (are they what is suffocating his grace? Castiel can’t tell because he can’t scan properly either). What happened?
“Yeah, I’ve been through that before. But I died being impaled from behind,” you say. Bela rolls her eyes. She doesn’t respond to that, then after a second, a facade of hers slips.
“Well yeah, the reaper using her as a meat suit. I thought you liked it though? Before she stabbed you?”
But it’s just Bela again. Sam did a really good job of checking on her, you think sarcastically. She is wearing some plaid and jeans instead of the ridiculous pajamas. It’s a bit embarrassing, that she sees you now on your knees, and you hastily stand up, which is somehow a bit more humiliating.
“Sorry,” Cas says. Everything is very dazy. “I’m not sure if I can give you what you want. I don’t know if I am good at this.”
And that’s when it twists back towards anger. Because he never would have done any of this if he knew this was how it would end up. Everything shifts back to that infiltrated, noxious fire. Dean can’t see straight, and he’s not sure how much of that is the alcohol and how much isn’t. He means to make it back to his room because he’s sure he’s about to pass out. But first, he needs to message Cas. He’s livid in a way that obscures everything, even the harsh lighting of the garage.
“That is.... Somehow weirdly not surprising,” Sam says, but you see the relief on his face. You feel guilt gnawing something awful in your stomach. “You know I got to test you right.”
,” he says, still caught under some trance, until he slowly moves his fingers from your lip, but instead of retracting them, he instead pushes two fingers further into your open mouth.
“Uhm, yeah, Cas. About her. Sam killed her.” This is certainly new information. It jars you more into awareness.
“Yes,” you say, and you move your hands to his jeans. It makes you feel somewhat more in your depth, to know you’ve done this before, even if you may have failed so badly he wanted to forget it.
You can’t stay awake long after that. When you do wake up again, Dean tells you that you were asleep for over three days.
. Dean drops the angel blade carelessly, and its impact with the concrete echoes slightly in the room, before he goes to pull a small sharp knife out of his boot. He gives Castiel a big grin, one of those ones that light up Castiel’s day even when Dean’s acting dumb. He’s
“Oh obviously?” Cas says, and Dean’s almost relieved by how Cas is finally responding bitterly instead of just turning into himself, sad.
And that’s when it hits you. It’s all very simple, actually. But you have to give them credit. They never did this to you before.
“This is ridiculous, Dean. I assure you I’m not a vampire. Can you please just drive?” You turn your face away defiantly, stare out the window, mind yourself with the dirt kicked up by wind and the sparse dead grass. Until, that is, his hand grabs your face as he forces you to look at him. You’re pretty sure it should make you angrier, but you always melt when he guides you. But you’re still going to glare because you still feel
Suddenly, vibrant, stinging pain writhes across Cas’s entire body, and he can’t stop it, can't stop twisting away trying to escape it. It’s pulsating, painful, gets in his eyes and they’re watering. He can’t see, but closing his eyes hurts, but he can’t dare open them. It’s the worst in his cuts, all the wounds open and reacting. He faintly hears the resonance from the clanking handcuffs and his body against the metal, but he can’t stop. He wants to escape.
But Cas does seem upset at the tone, grimaces, stays so still in place. Human or not, Cas was ethereal. Dean’s hands start trembling when he finally realises
But it turns out Sam is Lucifer’s vessel, and Dean refuses to call him back. As much as it hurts, to think and think of how many mistakes you must have made to make him want you to erase his entire memory of it, there are bigger things on Dean’s mind, bigger narrative issues at stake. You want to find God to make sense of it all, but you’re starting to not understand how there could even be another answer. Whenever you think about all the suffering you’ve seen, blocked from being capable of intervening, just to lead to the evolution of these creatures, then what they do to each other, without any input, it just doesn’t seem excusable. Your entire existence is based in letting go of analysis, in trusting a higher power that
The sharp pain in your back still hurts. You’re not sure why, after all these decades, physical pain hurts so much. Why does it always hurt to die? You know this is how you are going to end. That’s what you want. You just needed Sam to see he’d be okay. You just needed to leave the world knowing you’d saved a few more people. And when you get to Heaven, it’s honestly a shock.
him, you want to feel him, as if maybe it can ground you more. Be a conductor. You push off his jacket, pull at his shirt.
“Yeah, kind of,” Dean says, not sure what he’s even saying anymore, it comes out almost as a relieved half-laugh. Cas still isn’t meeting his eyes, though. Dean would almost say he’s seething. “So, this the place you’re staying at.”
Dean scooches off the rolling stool he’s been on and sits on the edge of the metal bed where Castiel lays, pressing his butt up against Cas’s stomach. With all the pain Cas is in, measured up with Dean’s proximity, Cas feels dizzy again, dazed, but not in an altogether unpleasant way. Dean takes the knife and swipes it quickly against Cas’s wounded face, causing Cas to gasp out at the stinging pain. Dean pets his ribcage gently as Cas tries to get a grasp on the pain, and Cas feels blissed out by it. Dean slices open Cas’s shirt and swipes the knife across Cas’s chest, and it’s
“I told you I want to,” Cas says. Dean shrugs, and he grabs the handcuffs off the chair, sits down to the left of Cas, and holds out the handcuff, open, in his right hand.
“I do not give a fuck,” Dean interrupts. It is then that you are confronted with the fact that your life has absolutely zero value, that Dean sees your life with zero value, and you feel overwhelmed with shame and self-hatred that you kept letting yourself think otherwise just because he makes you feel so
, he just wants it to be over. He just wants to escape. He just wants Dean to kill him already. Dean sticks the knife in and twists it in Cas’s chest, and Castiel sobs with it. He wants to beg Dean to stop, but he’s endured worse. He doesn’t know why it’s so much better or so so
“Fucking hell, Cas. Don’t make me gag you. I’m scared you would be too into it even with your whole ken doll thing going on,” Dean says, cutting Cas again so he wouldn’t be able to think of a remark if he wanted. He does wonder why Dean wouldn’t just tell him to be quiet, considering they both know Dean can tell him to do whatever the hell he wants, but maybe Dean knows as well as he does that with that comment, Cas doesn’t need external power to not speak again. “You think running away from your problems is always going to work, Cas? Or do you just get off from people dying because of you?”
“Well you keep!” Cas says, really frustrated, not touching anything or moving until he’s finally shoving away his laptop and straddling Dean’s lap, sucking and kissing down his neck. Dean takes his shirt off readily to which Cas turns to gently nibbling his nipples which has him fucking lost in a daze. He feels uncomfortable flutters when Cas goes lower, though, in his stomach, and tries to guide Cas away, which Cas mostly takes as cue to try to get Dean’s jeans off, his jerky movements briefly uncomfortable before Dean tries to help him. Cas almost seems delirious with desire, and Dean keeps touching his face just because he
“You want to forget it,” you finally say, and it feels like anaesthetic. You’re biting the inside of your lip to feel something and focus. Dean just shrugs, but he also gives you a guilty smile, and it grows wider when you nod at him in assent.
“I hope you’re not putting more clothes on, Cas, that’s the opposite of what I’m hoping for,” Dean jokes. “Like yeah you look hot in anything, but give a guy a break.” When Cas turns to face him he looks very flustered.
Cas still doesn’t pick up. Dean vaguely recognises he never would have said that shit if he thought Cas would actually go. But he did, and now he fights the urge to punch the steering wheel.
“Know what? Is this your way of telling me you did in fact sleep with someone else? I’m not going to throw some tantrum, good for you,” Dean says. He’s angry right now, defences up.
Cas continues, softer, lower, “It’s different. Because I want to be alive. I want to...” Cas trails off, but Dean feels put under a microscope with the way Cas’s gaze travels down him.
“Sorry if I went too far with anything, should have made sure of what you did and didn’t like better,” Dean says.
“Think what? Apparently, we had sex, and I didn’t even remember? What, did you not notice a shifter wasn’t actually me? Too distracted by how horny you were? You know what. Fuck this.” Dean says, and he gets out of the truck fast, slamming the door shut behind him. You’re not sure what he’s doing, considering the only building in a twenty-mile radius was full of vampires you’d both killed, so you follow him out, legs feeling really weak for some reason.
“I just really don’t want this to end,” Cas says again, and Dean’s a little unsure where that’s coming from.
Castiel feels another blow to his face, dancing agony whiting out coherence, before everything goes completely dark.
“We should uh, more room, steering wheel just,” Dean mutters. For someone so self-assured so much of the time, you find it absolutely captivating how he’s fumbling now. He slides over the car seat into the back and waits, and you think it’s kind of silly, but you follow suit. You’re greeted with him going to kiss you again, this time pressing your back against the door and seat. It’s so much you can’t conceptualise anything but his hands on you. He moves them under your shirt, across your nipples, and it’s dazzling. This isn’t supposed to be your body, but your perception whites out to his entire interaction with it.
TIme twists and extends and pauses while Castiel has trouble discerning thoughts. It’s difficult enough to be slammed into this form of consciousness when his usual perception tethers are tied out of reach, but the out of control pain and the fact with his body’s responses he should be dead by now, nothing’s really making
“Alright, Dean,” Cas says, and he feels some sort of impossible hope he’d snuffed out sparkling all over.
“Geez, Cas, c’mon,” Dean says, and he kisses Cas quickly on the corner of his mouth as if to calm Cas down, and it makes Cas’s heart swell in a way the rest of this hasn’t. It makes him feel happy. Dean pulls away and says, “I get it. It’s fucking terrifying. But uh, you’re not going to lose me. So what’s the worst that could happen.”
Cas didn’t just break up with him or end whatever stupid excuse of a relationship they had. Cas really just left him. Cas is
He can’t succeed. He could chase Cas around the fucking country apologising and giving him everything he had. It doesn’t matter. He can’t make this work. He feels something deflate, crumble, and he just can’t deal with it. He doesn’t remember saying that, specifically, but he does remember drunkenly thinking that, but not because he was even thinking of
Castiel feels it, the screaming pain system signalling throughout his vessel uselessly, and the utter overwhelming distress that
You are right. You’re very close to the bunker, and it doesn’t take much time at all for you to get to the door and knock on it. You think it’s perhaps better for Sam to let you in than for you to just enter unannounced. Bela stands beside you, obviously nervous.
“Cas! Shut up for a minute!” Dean yells. You’re unsure what to do with that. You stand there, waiting, looking at him looking at you, the hole and the wall, and then watching his gaze settle for the ground. “He isn’t right now. I saw the future. And I don’t think I’m going to be able to stop it.”
it never happened,” you say, feeling extremely numb. Dean nods. You realise now, what he’s asking you. It makes you feel extremely sick. He wants you to erase his memory. You feel hot, nauseous, dizzy all over. It’s become very hard to not flash your distress so obviously on your face. There’s a desperate part of you that just wants to deny him, to leave him with these last memories of you, to tell him you no longer have those particular powers as you’re cut off from Heaven so he’s forced to remember. But he shouldn’t have to. And the thought of him remembering and feeling sick, feeling regret or disgust at being with you? It’s overpowering.
this of him. You were just obliging where he led you and what he wanted. Is it still not enough? Your lip stings, sparks comet vision bright sharp pain, and it feels like betrayal.
something. Like there is some sort of meaning to the beauty of your father’s world and creations in the way the night barely illuminates the man you love’s face. When things get still, when he’s cautious and not bitter and cruel, and the wind sounds hit trees or rush past his car in a way that is so far from flying, but you feel less trapped by his side anyways.
You’re tied up, ropes around you, fully clothed and sore. Your hands are tied alongside your body, but your reach for your pocket, and there’s a knife, and when you feel for it, you realise it’s your favourite knife, the one you always like to have in your jacket. You easily cut the ropes off and realise you’re above a bunch of ash, and oh, shit, someone,
Dean punches him again, and before Cas has time to recover to process, he’s being dragged across the cold concrete, until Dean shoves him down, hold gone, and Cas loses balance and catches himself on the ground with his hands, more excruciating pain piercing out from his damaged wrist. Shifting off it, he feels Dean twist it back up into his hands, and Castiel feels his body weight wobbling from his knees up just on the painful grip. He forces himself to look up at Dean, who’s somehow got ahold of Cas’s angel blade.
He hates Cas for it. He hates that Cas told him constantly that he loved Dean, even when Dean couldn’t even make himself repeat it back. Hates that Cas never asked Dean to stay, more than once, never convinced Dean to kiss him again when the fire went out and the fear shifted to something more insidious. He hates Cas would actually want what Dean spent years in acceptance that he would never have, just to then realise that yeah, Dean is not good enough for him.
?” you say, and suddenly it slots into place, why Cas seems so weird, so dismissive. Jimmy shrugs, then walks away, not saying anything else, leaving you in a crowd full of people, most of which you don’t know, while a guitar solo goes on.
, but if Cas isn’t going to push him into it then he’s scared it’ll just all disintegrate before him.
“Dean, it’s different, now,” Cas says, and the panic is back, grip tight like hot iron in his chest. “I have to make plans. I need clarification.”
“Or you could trust me,” you say, unsure why it matters at all, but feeling something bright burn in your chest. It’s now a challenge, and you don’t want to back down.
going to pull over, and after calling him several more times, he also realises Cas isn’t going to pick up. They’re on some back road somewhere headed towards eastern Kansas, and Dean’s sure Cas has to be checking behind him to see the Impala tailing him without discretion. They’re in the middle of nowhere, so it would make perfect sense to pull over and
But then the demon’s expression changes; the mocking mirth slips into a more stoic look of happiness or affection or some other fucked up emotion you dare not speak. It makes your heart
You knock him out after you take his memories, put him in the back seat of the impala. You tell yourself it’s because he never sleeps enough, and they need another couple hours for visiting the hospital anyways. But it’s actually perhaps much more to do with the fact you need to collect yourself.
He has a totally different goal in mind. In fact, he genuinely never wants to wake up hungover and feeling like shit again, now that he knows maybe it’s not necessary. But he can’t think that because it’s too scary to think about, and Cas hasn’t demanded it. He thinks if Cas did, he’d fail within the day.
His face and wrist are throbbing, and his whole body feels bruised and sore, but nothing compares to the incandescent pain in his stomach. It’s like his vessel is craving the tablet to be connected with him again. Not for the first time, Castiel feels panicked at what the Winchesters might do with it.
So you live like you do, you find a case, and pray it will be bloody. Lose yourself, hope, actually let yourself
“So you want me back at the bunker so we can have sex?” Cas clarifies, and Dean almost feels like there’s some whooshing sound in his ear, in black and white so fast in circles they melt together.
It’s so neverending, he’s thankful when he hears Dean come back, opening his eyes through the remnants of the stinging powder. Dean doesn’t even wash the dried blood away before he makes some biting remarks and starts hurting Cas again.
You knock extra loud on the door, about to just say screw it and go in anyways, and then Sam opens up, and his eyes go wide, and hell, if you haven’t missed that. You immediately go to hug him. He feels real, and honestly this whole thing does. You’re pretty sure Jack must have resurrected you. At least, you hope it’s Jack.
Cas doesn’t respond, except for the loud hitching of his breath when Dean slices across his collarbone with a knife.
He keeps having memories hit him, knock him off guard, split open his psyche with pain, and he sobs, he’s fucking sobbing, and it doesn’t fucking matter. He needs to go to a bar, where he’s not alone, but not surrounded by people who know, so he won’t be this expressive and simply get piss drunk. But he doesn’t have the energy for it. Not when he’s remembering what Cas looked like the night before they went to trap Raphael. The light in his eyes. The affection.
And at least Dean’s there, sometimes smiling, sometimes cruel, and often both. It makes it all the more horrifying and overwhelming that Dean’s the one doing this to him, but he still relishes every second he gets to be around him.
“Well, I’m trusting you a whole lot less now,” Dean says, and it’s infuriating. Maybe you just can’t get rid of the image of him cutting your head off, of him being okay with you just
It feels too intimate for your brother to see, for some reason, and you immediately let your t-shirt sleeve down, even though he’s seen the exact same replica many times before. But there’s a sudden edge of hope that makes you feel like you’re going to fucking choke.
“I got some Melatonin and antihistamines,” Dean says. “They might help with sleep. Melatonin does jack shit for me, but antihistamines sometimes knock me out when I have a bad cold. They might help you get used to it before adjusting?”
Cas starts walking towards the house, and Dean chases after him, the sound of his boots loud on the gravel with the wind the only noise in the atmosphere.
“You mean breakup etiquette?” Dean asks, because he needs to hear the words from Cas’s mouth. It doesn’t matter that they didn’t sit around defining what it was. Cas died telling Dean how much he loved him. Cas told him a few hours ago that he loves him. It has to count for something. It has to matter in some way.
“Look, I get it. I was a jackass. I’m sorry. I got messed up ‘cause of what happened last night. But I shouldn’t have said what I said.”
“Cas, don’t move,” he says, and suddenly Cas’s entire body goes still, aside from the involuntary convulsions in his arms. Castiel is terrified. He’s felt trapped ever since Dean’s started, incapable of running, wrists bleeding from his desperation to reel away. But this is different. He really can’t escape. “Get the fuck
“You want me in your bed to have sex with me,” Castiel says, a little in awe. He’s spent the last several years wishing for that, dreaming superflously about Dean wanting him,
He needs to break down. He needs to get so fucking drunk he can’t see. He needs to get down on his fucking knees and pray that Cas won’t leave him. He needs Cas gone, so he can just sob like he hasn’t since the last time Cas disappeared in front of his eyes.
is something you feel for him in a way that doesn’t translate right. You don’t want to tell him you love him because what you want to tell him is you’re in love with him.
But it’s not like Dean’s being subtle either. It’s not like Cas wouldn’t immediately recognise the car tailing him. He can’t fucking fly away anymore, so if he’s going to try, Dean’s going to chase him. Dean realises he might be losing his fucking mind. The whiskey did shit for the hangover and the afternoon light sears his eyes. But that’s normal now, he thinks. He calls Cas again and wonders if he’s entering some sort of hysteria.
His hand touches your shoulder. It matters. He matters. He matters more than anything you have ever known, and he is just
, somehow, to have these memories, yet still be alive. Would he have wanted you to take them away if he knew you were going to survive? Did he count on you dying?
“I don’t know if you’d like to know,” you say. You’re afraid. You realise it belatedly, as Dean is pulling away.
“Just chill, alright. I know this is a lot, but it’s a good thing,” you try to comfort her. She doesn’t seem pleased at it.
“Well what’s stopping you?” Dean asks. Cas stalls, eyes widening from their glare. “I mean I’m sorry, for being an ass, alright? Want to take a shot?” He pauses, wondering if Cas will. “Is that what you want?”
When Cas does go to get out pie, which they have to eat from the tin with plastic forks because he doesn’t have any silverware or plates, Dean also notices Cas has barely any food in there, yet for some reason still has Dean’s favourite snacks. Dean doesn’t know if Cas was hoping he’d show up or if Cas just happens to like the foods Dean does, but it makes something warm glow inside of Dean. He does also notice, there’s no alcohol in any of the cabinets, which is worrisome because as serious as he was about cutting back, he knows he’s upped his usual amount a bit the last few weeks, and he's not going to cut it out completely.
time, and also the desperate desire for Dean, all wrapped up in his own mind, to want Castiel alive, to
“Cas, shut up,” Dean says, and you do, abruptly. Here is the anger you were expecting. “So, you ingested the bitch’s blood, right?” he says. You bite the inside of your lip. You realise how human of you that is. You taste blood.
“Do you really think you’re capable of this, Cas? Do you really want to face the househub feat like 25th?”
He pushes Cas away, trying to stumble for ground, but he’s claustrophobic with Cas’s touch and the position they’re in. He yanks away from Cas and walks through the room towards the counters, staring at the light from the windows.
“You think it’s okay to just,” Dean starts, and he sounds more exhausted than angry now. “Look, just stay alright? Stay alive, stay here. We can figure out the rest. I just,” Dean takes a huge breath. “I love you, okay?” Castiel feels it like a blow, sharper, maybe he is being stabbed. It needles Cas too much. Some final straw. It’s just too much. He can’t take it.
“Dean, I simply do not want to trigger your experiences from Hell,” Cas says, brain swimming in pain more than anything.
him, which somehow gives him solace, but living with the ex angel that just broke your fucking heart? Dean drinks more. Tries to forget what Cas sounds like when he’s coming.
. The distress recedes, despite Cas’s confusion. When Dean pulls away, to Cas’s dismay, there’s blood on Dean’s shirt.
“Dean, I want this,” you say, and it’s not until you tell him that, does the dam burst in your chest. You want this. You’ve wanted this so badly and every empty bit of space between every atom between the two of you feels like incompletion. You’ve been holding back every thought, terrified they’re wrong, they’ll hurt him somehow, by virtue of existing, by virtue of you still existing when the two of you thought you’d die before you made these decisions last time.
Dean stands quickly, roughly yanking Cas’s arm behind him and twisting his body before grabbing Cas’s right wrist with his left and clinking it into its place in the cuff like before. Cas lets himself be manhandled, heart beating rapidly as he cranes his neck around to stare up at Dean, who is unreadable looking down on him.
“We should tell Sam about this immediately,” you say. That makes Dean’s expression shoot right at you, sharp, pointed. You use some of your grace to ensure your hands don’t shake.
But you’re so thankful. Because maybe you can lose yourself in it. Because aren’t you supposed to see Cas again, even if it’s just in your best memories?
and when he comes into your mouth you’re prepared enough to try to swallow it, while he gasps out your name one last time.
,” Dean says, emphatically, lighthouse flood gates bright into the sea. “What the hell else do you want me to say?”
It makes more and more sense, his failing, his humanity, his goodness yet the negative consequences laid for him. As much as Dean is the epitome of the humane philosophical shift in your perception, Sam is the epitome of goodness being marked evil in the name of the narrative. You want to tell him that, tell him you understand now, even if you can’t help judging him, can’t help seeing him as something unholy. But aren’t you also unholy, a fallen angel? You want to tell him he should forgive himself. Because Dean’s never going to get around to saying the words. But that’s different. That isn’t even because of Lucifer rising. Dean is stuck in his personal sense of betrayal.
“It’s your home, too,” Dean says, finally, too sad and perplexed to respond with the venom lacing his tongue. That makes Cas turn to him, squinting at him as if
. Castiel thinks it absently, too detached by some deep desire for it to just be over, for this to be his final punishment, and he can just
“Okay,” you concede, and you feel empty. If he decides he still wants to ditch you after this, you’re certain you will die. It’s going to fry you out, and there’s no help in sight.
Except Jack has changed Heaven. You’re proud of the kid, but the way he’s changed it is a little bizarre. You think you might have not been as clear to him what your dad had been like, wishing to romanticise fishing and memories stolen to bond with him. But it sends fear through your body (is this a body, are you corporeal?) to know he’s so close.
“You know it’s rude to steal someone’s face,” you spit out. “Like, full on impolite. Don’t they teach you manners at demon school?” Cas’s hands still move, up and down, the further, and the anticipation actually does something to your modified, fake, replicated nervous system. And then he just stops.
any type of distress? Maybe it was just some weird reaction Cas was having to being human? Like he was so upset about that asshole Latin author Dean so helpfully reminded him of?
“No,” Cas says, and doesn’t elaborate. Dean takes his hand, smart of him to sit to the left of Cas, he supposes, and licks it, before sticking his hand down Cas’s pants. He always thought it’d be somewhat gross to touch another man’s cock, despite how compelling it always seemed, but it is far from it. It turns him on so much, and he loves the heat of it and most of all he loves the way Cas can’t help but moan. He thinks about how he was just ready to give up earlier, and he can’t find a single reason in the world why that would be smart now.
He had been overtly worried that Dean would have felt compelled to have sex with him after admitting his feelings to save Dean’s life, but now Cas realises that wasn’t what was happening, really. Except the fear of it still buzzes under Cas’s skin. But no, instead, what Dean was able to take away was that Cas was attracted to him, so why not have sex with him? Cas was having trouble sorting through any of it because his brain was buzzing and his jeans were too stiff and there was a bright thrumming in his chest.
“The Men of Letters bunker has a lot of interesting artefacts,” Dean says. Castiel can imagine. “These cuffs now, they’re a real prize.” Castiel moves abruptly, trying to get a look at them, before Dean says, “Stay still,” and Castiel’s vessel stills completely, and despite the wave of terror overcoming him, Castiel cannot move at all.
“I, uh, got your room set up for you, redid your bedding,” Dean says. Castiel’s hand shakes as he goes to grab a cup.
Dean falls into a routine of spending a few hours a day with Castiel, then leaving him, often in the complete dark, for the remainder of the time, usually in states of pain that elongate the hours. Castiel doesn’t understand how he can keep it up, and he’s embarrassed by the amount of pleading and thrashing away he does. He wants to be good for Dean. He wants to be purified. He wants this to end.
this, Cas,” Dean says. He waits for Cas to try to deny it, but he doesn’t. “You know what, I think I know why you didn’t stop,” he says, and he marvels at how it makes Cas look away into the corner of the room, frozen with Dean’s pause. “You could have told me to fuck off at any point. But you
“Please don’t go,” Cas says, and Dean must hear the panic in his voice because he sits down again, wraps his arms around Cas, and watches and the tension drains from Cas’s body at the contact.
“Okay well. We don’t have to go so fast,” Dean says. “And I uhm, I won’t stab you, again, that is. Promise.”
either, so like, fair warning, or whatever,” he says, and you’re unsure what he means, too entranced by the way his hands fumble at your pants. But once he gets you pants down, pulls at your boxers, he slips his mouth down around the head of your erect cock, and suddenly the pleasure is so intense you can’t even remember what species you are.
“I think I’m human,” Bela says. “Is guilt a torture you’ve seen used in hell?” she asks, and there’s something earnest about it, about the way she’s looking at you almost apologetically, that knocks you a bit off guard. It’s been many years since you’ve seen her, but all your memories of her before she was a torturer in hell were not of someone very capable of feeling much guilt.
It makes Heaven make sense. You think you could spend an eternity reliving this moment. Which you guess marks you significantly human.
When Dean touches him, it feels like it anchors him in a violent storm, and he isn’t sure if he wants that anchor, but he sure as hell doesn’t want the storm. But it’s confusing. Because he also knows Dean is exactly what he wanted, even if in bits and pieces of ways he could find Cas useful. Cas thinks, somewhat hysterically, that this should be the most pleasant one.
He drinks more whiskey, and at least some calm is able to come back. He realises the ceiling seems shadowed. He thinks he sees a message in it about how deeply he has failed. That would make sense.
to remember, so I removed your ability to,” you say, the words finally out in all their bitter glory. It takes approximately two seconds for Dean to process that, before he punches you square in the face.
his enjoyment is. It’s not until Cas is lying with construction nails pressing into his back from beneath in the darkness while he arches his chest and tries to avoid weight on the sharp points or his raw wrists that it occurs to him that this oversight was in fact another moral floundering based in Cas’s own selfishness.
The crack against your face slams you into awareness of many things at once, but they’re all screaming a cacophony of
“What, uhm... what exactly do you want?” Dean says, and it’s endearing to watch the different polarities of his assuredness and his flustered states.
“Guess I’m alive again,” you say. Great. Better than being tortured you guess? And you do feel weirdly less empty.
He remembers the whole point of not encouraging Dean’s traumatic sadism when Dean slices at his vulnerable arms strung upwards from his crouching position on the floor. Cas begs Dean to stop, but Dean doesn’t, doesn’t even respond, just keeps marking new cuts on Cas’s body.
“You mean the sex. You mean you regret having sex with me,” you say, the words flat, monotone. Hard to say. Dean winces. Shifts his weight from one foot to another.
going to detangle all of that though, and returns back in a sour mood, opening one of the beers he bought and downing it with some whiskey immediately before knocking back on the garage door. He doesn’t feel at all buzzed, but a bit calmer, but he doesn’t want to drink more in front of Cas after saying what he did today.
“Well, great, Cas,” Dean says, trying to find words as they’re clawing up around his throat and mouth. “That’s just. Really fucking great, Cas.”
You’re not in the negatives. You’re not in the positives. You’re just not a numeral. You’re empty. Didn’t Cas know if he left you like this, you’d be dragged there with him, human soul centred in your being, screaming, regardless?
Maybe it’s good though, to have the anger dampen. It’s still an icy surface, but mostly he feels empty from it. Empty, yet desperate. Sam sometimes looks at him like he’s trying to study him. Dean thinks that there would be a version of Sam that would study him out loud. Now he eats the salad Dean makes him. Indulging Sam’s ridiculous diets since it takes five extra minutes: maybe not everything in the world has to be a fight.
“I’m not a murderer like your boyfriend over there,” she says. You want to defend Dean, but you’re frozen now, uncomfortable with the way her body is on yours. She cuts her arm, and you try to reach for your wings, and they’re still there, you know they are, but you’re having trouble mobilising. She pinches your nose, but it’s okay, you have enough grace left not to need to breathe. She wants to turn you. Make you into a vampire. You imagine Dean chopping of your head in this human body. You wonder if it would kill you. Your grace isn’t adequate, the pristine homeostasis of life used to be easier to alter than this breathing, but now your head starts to get fuzzy. The vision of your head rolling on the ground with Dean looking down at it motivates you to make sure you don’t breathe manually, but then you see Dean in the distance, and your mouth opens in shock on instinct, and your taste is instantly flooded with blood.
“Well, I’d stab you again in a minute, but I’d never...” she trails off, after starting rather brightly. “Anyways, I’ll leave you to contact your... friend or whatever. I’d like to meet him, if he’s willing.”
The world morphs, suddenly, ghastly greens and dark colours, and you hear screaming and screaming, but the most notable sensation is the sudden stabbing sensation through your arms and your feet. It’s terrifying; you forgot, you forgot how bad it is. You’re so stupid. You shouldn’t have been so reckless with your life. You shouldn’t have knowingly let yourself die just because you couldn’t stand it anymore.
When Dean’s hovering over him now, Castiel can’t help but wonder exactly how pathetic he must seem: weak, nothing like whatever Dean once valued in him. He tries to push that out of his mind as Dean slices across his right hand with some knife, the pain making him dizzy and sick. Dean repeats on his left hand then, saying, “Your hands are
“We should uh, go or,” Dean’s fumbling now. You’re not sure what to say until he’s grabbing the back of your head and kissing you again. You respond the best you can, in awe, shocked, because you never thought you would get to kiss him like this again. You kiss him back hungrily, letting yourself forget everything else for a minute, and he is caught up in it too, for a while, until he eventually pulls away, and you wait for the shoe to drop when he says your name, says
Dean’s vision swims, and he scours for any sign of Cas, his laptop, checks all the drawers for clothes, and yeah, maybe that’s an invasion of privacy, but it doesn’t matter because they’re all empty. He trips over his feet and almost falls, trying to race towards the garage, and there it is: that empty space.
“Oh, am I?” Cas finally retorts, and it’s bitter and terse, but Dean’s so fucking grateful for it, it bursts like morning sunlight in his chest.
It’s funny, how much worse you’ve been. How much more of a wreck. You’ve lost Cas before. Maybe that’s why. Maybe your whole being is just on pause for him. Waiting. Shouldn’t he show up any minute? And why isn’t Jack saying “hello”? Did you really fuck everything up that much?
His hands are always covered with blood, usually fresh if Dean’s around. Dean wants to make the metaphoric manifestation literal, and Cas understands. He can barely feel his hands anymore anyways. He’s constantly distracted by the aching, deep abrasions on his wrists by trying to flinch away and recoil from the pain.
mess up for Dean, at least while wearing them. That if he started to do something wrong, Dean would stop him before he starts.
“You don’t need to be physically intimate with me,” Cas says, and it’s like a sucker punch. Dean's eyes close involuntarily, grimaces; he was sure this was going to happen, but somehow everything felt so surreal he feels out of touch with the fact it’s happening, now.
“I feel very cut off from the plane I require to access for flight, yes. It’s... complicated, and I think I perhaps could if I wasn’t trying to maintain my vess--”
, and it feels like when you time travel too far and suddenly the oxygen level isn’t meant for your vessel, and you have to let your grace compensate. You second guess it a lot. It makes you feel
“I’m more worried about the priceless antiques that could save lives, but sure, yeah I’ll check on her,” Sam says. Bless him for that. The second your bedroom door, you fall to your knees, but before you can say anything, someone walks into the room.
Cas very pointedly does not turn around to face Dean, and Dean’s suddenly afraid Cas is just going to pretend Dean doesn’t exist to him forever on. It occurs to Dean that he might have finally found a way to make Cas done with him. But he’s also having a really hard time remembering what it was with the incessant need to fix it pulsating in his blood.
“Oh, you think it’s for the best, huh?” Dean snipes, and yeah he shouldn’t. Yes, he knew this was going to happen, yes he should have been prepared. But he can’t stop the anger, can’t stop the feeling of betrayal at it. It reminds him distinctly of looking at Cas across the fire. Except now Cas can leave, but he won’t, he’s still in Dean’s fucking room, and Dean just wants to collapse and get super fucking drunk and pretend the fact that he wasn’t ever foolish enough to think Cas would stay.
Sam continues, "so stay here, for now, no one's going to kick you out of here, and I think Jack and I'd like you to stay for a bit longer, at least until it's actually a reasonable time to go to sleep. We'll worry about the case tomorrow; there isn't anything we can do about that tonight."
"She also mentioned that she and DJ had ended up making some of the same mistakes we have over the years, so Cas and I were discussing this when we had a minute alone. Cas brought up that maybe DJ's involved in something similar to what I was with Ruby during the original apocalypse. What if he's meeting some Demon or monster that somehow got into his head? He's only 19. Teenagers do stupid shit." Sam flinched at the mention of Ruby, the memories of what transpired a decade aren't exactly pleasant for either of them.
When Dean was finally able to commandeer the music selection back to good old classic rock, Cas and Sam took it upon themselves to tell Jack various Christmas stories. Sam, of course, told him about Frosty the Snowman and Rudolph. In contrast, Cas took a much more literal note by explaining what Christmas was like for Angels and Heaven, which Dean admits was fascinating. Cas, of course, shooting a withering look at Dean when he suggested dressing up a generic Christmas tree angel in a trench coat. Still, he almost had to pull over to the side of the road when Jack, in all seriousness, suggested simply placing Castiel on top of the aforementioned Christmas tree to honour the Christmas tradition.
"Their souls really do have a remarkable similarity to yours," Cas murmurs as if he didn't mean to say that out loud.
"You want to use your sister as bait?" Cas asked, his eyes furrowing in confusion and almost annoyance as if he already knew where this plan was headed.
They continued to stare at each other intensely, Cas with fierce determination, and Dean with what can only be a glimmer of apprehension and hope breaking through from the debilitating fear.
"Those are valid explanations, though, Sam. What makes you think this is actually our kind of thing?"
While she knows that she should be immediately trying to start her mission from Amara, Naomi instead takes a seat on the curb next to the road, facing out towards the city. Naomi didn't immediately notice it when she landed, but after a few minutes, it's become glaringly apparent to her that she's cut off from Heaven. Whatever talisman Amara put around her neck is not only preventing her from being detected by other Angels but is also preventing her from reaching out to Heaven, not even having access to Angel radio. In some ways, it feels like she's fallen again, stripped of her angelic title, yet she still has her grace and her powers, albeit she won't be able to use their full potential ever again as she has no way of recharging once her grace and the Stolen grace from Amara runs out.
Ducking into the nearest empty alleyway, Naomi quickly shoves the cylinder into her suitcase and pulls out the journal again. She is surprised to see that when she opened it, the page with the address to the clinic is no longer there. Must be another fail-safe, Amara thought of Naomi mused as she turns to the next available page to read the following instructions.
The Sherriff looked at them with a confused expression. "FBI, what does the FBI want with our little town."
"Now I haven't the faintest idea what you are referring to Billie, I've been alone in this penthouse for ages now, actually I've become a bit bored with it but until my brother's disposed of I suppose it is the safest place for me to be."
"The drowning, there have been four so far this week; we've been ordered to investigate," Sam answered.
Castiel looks up and notices that there is indeed white stuff falling from the sky, but it's not snow. As they continue forward, Cas catches some of the 'snow' on his palm to inspect it.
Dean was up and storming out of the room, slamming the front door behind him with a crash before anyone in the room could even think to blink.
"No, none of that." Marion responds, "although we can bloom flowers and plants for whatever reason, Naomi didn't have an answer for that."
"The Christmas in July festival, that's why you rolled into town right, you're literally holding a family pack?" The kid doesn't even wait for a response before stalking off and disappearing behind a nearby building.
"I think that it's time that you try and get some sleep; the Winchester's coined four hours aren't nearly enough given what you've been through today." Cas gently coxes Jack to lay back down on the bed, and Jack turns over, so his back is to Castiel. Cas desperately wants to treasure his son, take all of his worries away, and hates that he can't do that.
"But," Dean jumps in, and Jack turns his attention to him, "Sam's found a Case potentially connected with a Christmas festival, and in case this turns into some kind of premeditation for the future, just keep us in the loop ya."
There on the screen was an event advertisement with a photo of a Santa at the beach wearing swim trunks and holding a toboggan like it's a surfboard.
Marion and DJ suddenly both stand up, or rather Marion gets up first, and DJ follows, which brings Sam out of his thoughts to look at the kids in confusion.
"Morning sunshine, want some coffee?" Dean asks, turning his attention away from his brother and to the Angel, who looks a bit unkempt like he fell asleep in a chair or something.
"Of course, I've always been impartial when it comes to anything pie." Marion takes the piece from his outstretched hand and sees the pieces tattoo peeking out from his uniform. Bingo.
Yet here he was, strolling in the cooling air, in the middle of nowhere, the fresh breeze sending a slight shiver down his spine. The gravel crunched under his feet as he turned onto a winding path that went through the forest of trees, his mind barely registering that this was the way to the beach area. Once he was in the safety of the trees, he let out a breath that could be read as a relief; the Christmas decorations were no longer within his sights. Instead, the path was illuminated by the faint glow of the moon and the dancing fireflies.
"I noticed some markings in the background that the police didn't seem to notice, or if they did, they didn't make any note of it in their reports. Some of them are protection sigils that I recognize from some of the lore books, but they don't have any clear connection to any one creature, but there are other markings that I've yet to be able to identify."
DJ then decides to enter into the conversation again to answer, "first, the Naomi you met in Heaven had not yet made it to the past; in fact, in this world, Amara would have only sent her back about two weeks ago now. Secondly, while she had many faults, including one's that neither of us," he indicates towards his sister, "truly understand, her focus was on her mission, a mission that she believed would restore heaven and order to the world because God would not do it himself."
Jack still looks like he's in shock, and Dean's cheeks are wet with tears; Dean leans back in for another hug, and this time Jack hugs back and clings to Dean. Dean doesn't tell the kid he loves him, but he doesn't need to love conveyed through other words and actions.
As Marion answers it while not taking her eyes off the road, Sam can't prevent himself from rolling his eyes at the song choice.
"We were able to compare what we found from crime scenes to the data that we had and determined that it was a Nakki. We had experienced them before back in our other world when Naomi took us to Lapland to meet with some Sami hunters."
And with a flash of light, Naomi is gone, Amara still lying content in her bed, without a worry or a care, the only sound left is the tv.
"We'd like to determine that for ourselves, once we're satisfied, there isn't anything left to do here; we will get out of your way."
While the room was called the North Pole suite, it was thankfully much more toned down than the exterior of the building, and it was much nicer digs than they are used to, with maybe the exception of the bunker being more like home. The suite had two bedrooms and a broad open concept living space with a dining room, a kitchen with an island, and a living room area with a large L shape couch that's long enough even to fit a Winchester and a giant flat-screen TV mounted to the wall.
There is a tense, silent moment when everyone in the room just digests Dean's words, no one moves, and there isn't a sound.
"There are two spells here; the first is one to wipe my memory of this entire plot that way Chuck can never find out about what is about to happen, I'll only have a time frame and a knowing that a plan is to take place, but all of the specifics will be a mystery to me again. I can't chance Chuck finding out about this and thwarting it before it even has a chance to work. The spell will also temporarily knock me into a state of unconsciousness for 5 minutes, which I will simply remember as daydreaming," Amara said seriously, looking Naomi in the eye.
"No, with this, I am telling the truth; I don't have any idea what you're talking about and by design. What I can tell you is that I did orchestrate a plan to help destroy my brother, but I have no memory of it."
"Ya, he was, like a kid in a candy store really," Sam chuckles before going into the story. "We landed Scooby-Doo land thinking that a trickster just turned us animated or something,  so we got in the animated baby and started driving. You should have scenes Dean's face when he saw the Mystery Machine outside the Malt Shop and then his face when he realized the actual Scooby-Gang were there, in the flesh, well, in animation while we were animation anyway."
