Steve got up and walked over to the desk, pulling the chair out and crouching down to grab something from the floor. He gently pulled out a piece of marble that almost three feet wide and two feet tall. The base was still in a block formation and it was clear that work was being done from the top down. Tony could recognize that it was going to be an octopus, some of the tentacles already being formed.
"So soon?" Steve asked, a little furrow between his brows. "That won't hurt him, or damage the surgery that he had?"
It hadn't escaped Tony that he had been having nightmares of the attack. Were they nightmares? When you dreamed about something before it happened? The car pulling up, the door opening, then suddenly pain. When Peter had come back from his vacation, Tony felt that little piece of anxiety, that fear that something was going to happen, but wrote it off when nothing happened. He had been nervous to tell his son about Jamie, right? So why didn't it occur to him when Meg was coming back that something could happen? And what exactly did it mean? Would it happen again? Tony was not ready to handle everything this entitled mentally. Should he blame himself for not changing things up? Taking more precautions? But, then wouldn't that mean that he have to acknowledge that it was a premonition, or something? He'd have to know beforehand.
"I feel like this should be a violation of my basic rights," Steve commented, but didn't move from his seat on the bed.
“Don’t give me that look. Everything’s alright.” He turned back to the screen that was rolling quickly with code. “I’m working on this program with Jarvis, once I get-”
"You what?" He asked, turned to face Steve. The blonde's face was turning pink, but he never looked so determined, shocked, but determined.
"Careful," Tony whispered, a ghost of a smirk on his lips, an empty one. "One might think you were getting attached to me." He nodded his head towards the bedroom door before Steve could respond, and he was talking again. "You've got a bigger responsibility now, Steve. There's a little girl in there, one that needs someone, and you said yes to that. She, shit," Tony ran his hand through his hair. "She's an innocent in this, someone who didn't even ask to be brought into this world. I have so many complex thoughts on cloning, but...."
“Tony,” Steve knew that his questions weren’t going to go over well. He heard Tony hum in response, letting him know that he had heard him. “You’re not having nightmares again are you?” That had been one of Steve’s biggest worries, that the nightmares were coming back, that whatever being had had his control over Tony was starting to come back.
“Todd’s in there with Mom,” Wade told him after a bit. “She’s real angry with the school office.” Bucky snorted softly and nodded. “Todd can at least get her to calm down when she’s done. They like each other.” Bucky raised an eyebrow as he glanced over at the boy. “He’s nice,” he said with a shrug. Bucky watched the boy staring at the wall in front of them, before turning his head to look at Bucky. “Thanks for teaching me self-defense.”
Tony snorted a little. "No, I think I started training when I was five." Steve's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "I've been kidnapped sixteen times since I was four years old. Dear old Dad didn't want to keep getting ransoms, so he hired a private trainer for me."
“I’m detecting an anomaly, Sir,” Jarvis said once most of the warnings had disappeared. The space where the object had disappeared was highlighted in the HUD as numbers and equations started to appear next to it. “I am unable to identify what it means, but it would mostly resemble readings from the method that Mr Odinson uses to travel.”
"SHIELD has the scepter now," Steve said quietly. "It's locked up, and the tesseract and Loki are far away."
Tony looked at the holographic tree, tilting his head a little. "What about blue and red lights, Jarvis?" The lights around the pine tree shifted to different patterns of red and blue, the silver and gold ornaments reflecting the colors. "I think that looks better." He pushed a few of the presents for Peter closer tot he base, rearranging them, nodding when he was done.
One of Tony’s legs was up and around Steve’s waist, and the blonde was smiling. “I’m serious, need more of you.”
Tony hesitated for a second, and Steve knew that he wasn’t going to like the answer. “Completed, or in progress?”
His mind took him back to the gym, how they had been talking, and suddenly, they weren't. He could still feel Steve's hand against his cheek, and Tony knew he was going to be in trouble if that happened again. Steve was going to want to have a conversation about what happened, and Tony knew that they would need it, but he also really didn't want to have that awkward conversation. It would be better to just not let it happen again, no matter how good all of it had felt.
“Why can’t you walk yet?” Peter asked her, not really expecting an answer. “If you could walk, then they wouldn’t need to watch you all the time.” She kept staring at Peter, and he wrinkled his nose a little. “You should learn how to take care of yourself, quicker. I was here first, you know.”
"Sir," Jarvis intoned as Tony scrubbed his face with his hands. "Dr Banner says that dinner is ready."
“Jarvis said you were still up,” he said quietly as Tony leaned back down, facing Peter. Steve reached out to gently fluff Peter’s hair, rubbing his head gently. The boy seemed to sink deeper into the bed, the motion relaxing him.
"You have a kid??" Wade was leaning forward when Steve sat down next to Tony. Peter was frowning a little, and that was all Tony could focus on. He was looking at Jamie, and Tony could see the little gears turning in his head, his mouth pressing together, lips moving back and forth, as he tried to figure out how he felt about another new baby in the Tower. The twins had been a little bit of an adjustment, but it didn't seem to really affect Peter, since they lived on a different floor, and he didn't actually see them that often. But this was different.
“I know, I don’t like the smell either,” Pepper told her. Vee’s fur had puffed up a little, but Pepper didn’t try to pet her. In fact, the red head seemed a little frustrated with Tony as well. “Mr Stane insisted that he go to the party. I can’t be sure, but I’m sure that he pushed more than a couple of drinks on him.” She let out a sigh, kicking her heels off. “It makes it hard to be his secretary and assistant when Mr Stane makes these appointments without consulting me first.”
“I think circumstances were a little different,” Steve told him, grabbing a little bowl of applesauce. He was going to see if he couldn’t get Jamie to finish it.
"Listen, get yourself to a hospital, Julie," Tony told her when he was sure she was back at the phone. "There's one in Queens that won't be as busy."
"You're not doing this just to make yourself feel better because of what you used to think about him, are you?" Natasha looked at him. "He's not a charity case, and he's not a damsel in distress."
"Ah," she nodded a little, understanding now. "Cars have come a long way, engineering has advanced probably faster than you could have imagined." Mary knew that Tony would probably be able to help Steve understand a lot of what's changed, but she wasn't sure that it would be a very good idea. Coulson had given her the history lesson on Captain America, (better than what the files had said), and she knew that he had known Tony's father. And Tony's father was a taboo subject with him, so these two meeting at the moment probably wasn't a good idea on several levels.
"He's one of the bravest men I've known, and I fought in World War II." Steve heard the door behind him closing and he turned to see a slightly stunned Tony looking at him.
(Also, I know very little about specifics with the military, I'm putting that out there now. I support all those who have the bravery to go and serve. But the rivalries are fun when it comes to,.... a lot of things between all the branches. I use it all in jest for story-telling purposes.)
"Captain Rogers, I would like to inform you that Director Fury is trying to contact Sir," Jarvis announced and Steve looked up briefly. "He does not appear to be happy with the recent news."
Tony pulled out his phone, brought up a list, then pointed in a direction. "We'll head that way first. Better grab one of the flatbed carts." Steve nodded and Tony pat his back, smiling. "Only have to do the big shop only once. The rest is just to buy way too many clothes, and restock on supplies."
Tony pulled out his phone. “J, I want recordings of that drop, and we are definitely buying that picture from the gift shop.”
“What spell?” Rhodey asked, and Tony wanted to groan. This was going on far longer than he actually had the patience for.
The stupid plane! He regained control of his thrusters and started going again once he saw the pilot eject. .... But he didn't see a chute. He turned, making a downward arc, Jarvis scanning the chute functions to see how it jammed. He could get it open.
Steve nodded stepping into the metal box, hands resting on his belt in default stance. "You'll update me as soon as Tony has anything on the shooters stuff?"
"Seems your friends have arrived," Loki said to Thor when they both noticed Tony and Steve running in, looking a little frantic. "Perhaps Stark has changed his mind willingly."
That had been over an hour ago, and Peter was now telling Mary everything he could think of, what he wanted to do when she woke up, and how Bruce was almost as good a cook as she was. Almost.
“Fuck!” Tony covered his mouth and eyes with his arm and turned over quickly. As he started to get up the storm seemed to die down, until Tony noticed that it hadn’t actually been a storm, but the dust being disturbed from something falling.
"That's a messed up family business." That was his Daddy's voice. "I'll take my family business over that one. They get hurt too often."
Tony's hands gripped the edge of the counter, knuckles turning white, and he growled. "I won't-" he forced out. Strucker turned back to him, but the door was pulled open by another soldier.
"Yeah, it is, huh?" Tony let his fingers run through Peter's soft hair. The motion seemed to calm Tony, as he found himself doing it more and more when he was with the boy. "Is it too big for you?" Peter shook his head a little. "That's good."
Tony holds true that he wouldn't have been on time for dinner. He would have been dressed for it, too, had it not been for the Avengers alarm, as Tony was starting to call it, going off as soon as he stepped foot inside of the building. He sighed as he went straight for the workshop to get the Mark IX suit, then meeting Steve up on the roof.
"Less than a week??" Tony turned wide eyes to Mary as she repacked the blanket he pulled out. "Does Peter know yet?"
"I thought the apartment was supposed to spray for this stuff, I'd get your deposit back." Tony shook his leg out, making Peter squeal. "It's stuck tight, I don't know what to do."
“I’m not really sure,” Steve told him honestly. “You and Peter might change schools, but nothing’s certain.” He glanced down at Wade, hand coming up to gently rub the side of his head, pushing some hair back. “You and your mom should be safer now, but Todd will still be around.” Wade nodded a little.
“I’m blaming your DNA. Not even the serum, just, pure Steve Rogers,” Tony told him, walking over to sit down next to Jamie on the bed. He tugged her diaper up, making her wiggle, and she let out a squeak, but smiled. Tony turned to drop on his back, picking up Jamie to set her on his stomach. “Alright, lay down with Daddy. Papa is going to go talk to your brother, and order us some food.”
"No," Steve said with a shake of his head. "Not messed up, just troubled. It's more common than you think." Tony almost frowned a little. "Anxiety and PTSD, they go hand in hand, and-"
“I’d be interested to know how you managed to take down Jarvis,” Steve said as he put the phone on speaker after the security guard left the room. He attempted to pull up the tracking program that Tony had shown him. This would only work if Tony had managed to get Jarvis fully operational. “But, what I really want to know is where Wade is.”
Tony snorted, with a small smile, and followed the two men out of the room, making sure that the wooden wall shut again. "Daddy, come on!" Tony looked and saw Steve and peter waiting for him just outside of the man door. "Mr Steve's gonna tell stories!" Steve smiled at Tony, and he felt a little flutter in his chest.
"You have something that can do that?" Mary asked. Her eyes widened a little in recognition when he tapped his chest, nails tapping the glass covering of the arc reactor. "But, doesn't that run off of heavy elements? Damaging ones, for the earth?"
He took a breath to continue, but Meg shook her head. “Enough, mission confirmed. Go be stealthy.” She tossed the phone back over to Tony on the couch as the Soldier left the apartment, barely making a sound. Tony had gotten up and walked around the couch, going to stand next to Steve, both staring at her intently.
son in the last year. How many time I've been there to take him, to watch him, when you weren't available, when you couldn't even take the time."
"She will keep going into your head, Mr Stark," Strucker's voice filled the lab now. "Until you decide to work with us, and not against us."
"Nope, not yet," Tony shook his head. "She kind of works for the FBI, and Pete's only two, so he doesn't need that kind of attention."
"Yeah, that's no problem," Steve said, closing and locking the door. He went to his bag and pulled out some tupper-ware containers and Tony raised an eyebrow. "Bruce sent us off with some food, because he figured that we'd miss dinner."
"Yeah, Natasha called with a mission, and I said yes." He watched Dum-E swerve around Steve, going past Tony, but claw taking the dirty rag from him. "Should only take a couple days, and I'm afraid I'm starting to get cabin fever."
"Take a minute for yourself, son," William said, patted his arm. He gave Tony a little smile, then took Rachel's hand, and they were heading down the hall.
Thor flipped Tony as they hit the ground, but Tony rolled with it, and kept himself on his feet with the help of his gauntlets, and shot right back at Thor. He went for a punch but Thor grabbed his hand; Tony went with the other hand, and Thor grabbed his arm. And then he started to squeeze, and he actually started to crush the suit.
"What if I can't do it?" Tony whispered. "I can barely talk to you or Mary, hell even Jarvis, about what happened. I don't know if I could open up to some stranger. Everyone knows who I am."
The second time that Tony had seen Steve without Peter, he was heading towards SHIELD to meet with Mary and Coulson. Tony had luckily been dressed casually, jeans, a t-shirt, and leather jacket, and had thought enough ahead to cover the glow from the arc reactor. He saw Steve coming out of the building and quickly changed his trajectory to make it look like he wasn't about to head in. It was too late to get away from Steve, as was evidenced when Steve walked over to him.
Unbeta'd as usual, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
"When Peter eats dinner with him, yes," Mary said as she nodded. "They don't get to eat dinner together that often, specially now that Peter has started school." Mary closed the door, locking the deadbolt and Steve followed her into the kitchen to help. He saw a few containers that must have had the promised food in them too. "He picks up Peter from school when work will keep me over, and it really helps me out."
Steve snorted and kissed him. "We have to get some shopping done before the boys and Mary's parents get back. And we absolutely have to get a car seat."
"You touch this cake before it's time for desert, and I'm giving Peter your slice," Rachel told the billionaire as she set it down on the table.
Tony sat at his table, a glass of champagne in his hand. The staff was cleaning up the room, pulling tablecloths for washing, and folding up the food tables. Everyone else had left, the married couple gone off on their honeymoon, Julie taking both Wade and Peter back to her house for a sleepover, and all the guests off with their leftovers and wedding favors.
"How did it go?" Steve glanced over as Bruce and Sam came up besides Tony. Tony made a silent strangled sound in his throat. "So, could have been better, but no one died." Tony nodded.
"You really are Captain Sassypants, aren't you? Forget Captain America, I'm calling you Captain Sassypants from now on," Tony teased. "Cap Sass, mmm, I like it," he nodded. Steve snorted and started to turn for Tony anyway. Tony tilted his head a little as he watched Steve's backside a little more than usual. "Cap's Ass is more like it," he murmured under his breath, but the smirk on Steve's face told him that he must have heard him. "I've made my decision, but do you wanna do one more turn for me?"
Tony turned to face Peter, smiling, then put on a blue ball cap, and some aviator sunglasses. He then reached over, put on some smaller sunglasses on Peter, and a smaller blue ball cap. Peter giggled and smiled. "We match now!"
"Well I can't go over the rank of Captain, and I'm obvious not as high ranking in this mission as Mary is. And I'll admit, I don't know many other ranks without possibly crossing over into another military rank, and that's just tacky and in bad taste."
"What was I thinking?" Tony raised an eyebrow, detecting humorous amounts of sass from his AI. "You're usually so discreet."
"While that happens, we can put the chimichangas in the oven again," Tony told the little boy. "Wade likes cheese, right? Let's put some more on top, warm up the food, and melt the cheese."
"Freedom," the man said, still looking at Fury. "Freedom is life's great lie. One you accept that, in your heart," the man paused then whipped around, raising his arm, no, a spear, and placing it on Selvig's chest, "you will know peace." Mary's eyes widened a little when she saw a glow from the spear, then Selvig's eyes turned black, then blue. He was controlling them.
Agent Maria Hill was pressing a phone to Steve's ear then, pulling him out of his thoughts. "-eve? Steven!" Mary? "Captain Rogers!" Her tone always had Steve standing to attention when she used his rank.
Steve could hear the splashing behind him, and headed for the changing room. He couldn't help but wonder why Tony didn't swim, but figured that he would tell him in his own time.
"You'd better think we're dangerous," Mary said to him. "We're gathering out lost Sister into the Sisterhood." Tony took a step back from her. "When is Pepper coming back to New York?"
"Do they really think that it's the best course of action to try and fool him?" Mary saw the plans to set up a room that would appear to be from the 40's. "There are so many variables that we don't about when he was alive, and this particular plan would require getting every detail right."
“Well, that’s just a given,” Tony shot back. “The person receiving the pancakes never gets anywhere close to the work. They’re really not supposed to do any kind of work on their birthday.”
"Well, I was making a list," Mary's eyes narrowed a little more, "and I realized that there's a lot on my plate right now. So, I needed to make it smaller."
Tony wrinkled his nose a little. He had closed his eyes to give them a little relief as the sun acme up, shining through the window, and now there was something on his nose. No, wait. Something was, petting his nose? Tony opened his eyes and saw Peter's eyes were open, looking at him, his little hand petting him. When Tony's eyes opened he grinned, letting out a little squeal.
"We're finishing up a game of Go Fish," Mary told him. She looked at him and smiled. "Mom took over Peter's hand, and he was beating me! I need to make a comeback."
"I know it is," Tony smirked a little at Peter. "That's why I'm the Dad." He pushed Peter's nose a little, making him scrunch up his face adorably. Tony leaned against the bed to push himself to his feet without having to let go of Peter, and arranged him back on the bed next to Mary. "I'll be right back, kiddo."
He kept in the physical reaction of seeing that Jamie’s cells seemed to ‘boil’ the same as Steve’s had when introduced to the Serum, but it didn’t stop him from mentally shuddering. Eventually everything had settled down, and the original Serum and modified Serum seemed to be adapting with each other. Tony was still working with Bruce to try and understand what that would mean in physical results, but it wasn’t as pressing as other things.
"Going after him won't make Mama wake up," Tony told him carefully. Yes, he wanted revenge, badly, but he didn't want Peter to be learning this thought concept just yet.
Tony watched Steve walk over to the pool, his body staying by the door. The pool room really was a comfortable room, he had loved it as a child, and had had it updated a year before his parents death. When he knew that he was moving back here, he had it updated again, putting Jarvis in control of most of the room and its functions. He hadn't actually gone swimming since Afghanistan.
If this one would be as large as either of the others, then Tony couldn’t release the pokemon down in the lab. He set the pokeball down on the ground and quickly climbed back up the chair to arrange everything back in its place in the case, then close the door. He picked the pokeball back up, cradling it in his arms, and hurrying back upstairs. He was out the garden side door and over to the largest part of the yard.
"Daddy!" He heard Peter call from downstairs. Tony blinked, then headed downstairs to the kitchen. First night of real sleep without nightmares, he wasn't going to question it. He half jogged down the stairs and saw Peter staring over towards the tree, which had gotten bigger over night, to accommodate the new presents. Tony had some other presents that had been labeled "From Santa", as did Mary it seemed.
"It's Howard's," he said and left the kitchen. He couldn't help but peek in Steve's room to see if Jamie was still sleeping before moving down the hall to the guest room.
“All yours,” Tony whispered. Tony’s brain was unable to process words past that, Steve finally moving the way he wanted, needed, their bodies pressed together, touching as much skin as they could. The only thing he need was Steve, the bedroom falling away from his sight. There it was again, everything, the Universe, around him and Steve.
"Just moved onto days as a security guard," the man told him. "Don't expect I'll be going back there anytime soon though. The building was damaged in the attack, just like our apartment." Tony watched the man run a hand over the head of the younger girl as she turned in her sleep. "People will do anything for their kids, Mr Stark."
"Great, J, call the hotel for me." Tony was out of his seat, phone up to his ear. He glanced at Meg, eyebrow raised. "Steve, she's not moving, she should be moving."
If Tony had thought that there would have been another way, to fix the engine, to stop the attack, and to keep Peter with him, he would have done it. Anything to stop the pain that he felt when he heard Fury's voice. "Coulson is down."
Steve felt the heat from the anger churning. This arrogant- "Wanna make a list? Let's compare how many times I've picked up
"No, no, no, no, no, no, the less I know, the better." Even Rhodey sounded a bit out of breath. "Now, what am i supposed to tell the press?"
Tony was rubbing the spot between his nose, closing his eyes for a second, before continuing. "He was following Steve, and Steve's friend, and then still attacked me. What's to say that he's not following my son, or my son's friend? Or following Pepper, or Rhodey? Just waiting to try and draw me out? And you think that it's smart to just tell me to stay indoors?!"
“You are too good for this world, much less me.” Tony leaned forward to kiss him gently. “Well, you can keep AIM on your own list, but they’re still pretty far down on mine. But I’ll feel better knowing you’ve always got our backs.” Steve smiled against his lips. “You’d have been proud of the boys though, they’ve been putting those lessons you and Barnes have been giving them to good use. They protected Jamie like experts.”
"You have a lot to fill me in on," Mary said softly. Bruce handed her a cup of water with a straw, letting her take small sips to wet her mouth and throat.
“I know that look,” Bucky said quietly behind him, leaning against the wall. “Nothing good happened, did it?”
"I imagine that probably your hip and your ribs hurt the most," Tony said as she adjusted to her right side.
“You can hear me sneaking up on you from like, two miles away, but you can’t tell that I had you eating from the palm of my hand?” Wade gave him a dumbfounded look.
"I'm not a Winchester." Obviously. "Plus, if I started doing that I'd have to accept that magic is an actual thing, and that it works under a certain set of rules, and I believe too much in science to do that."
"Hi, Peter," Steve said, stepping aside for him to walk in. "How are you today?" Steve looked over and waved to Mary, who was standing in her own doorway, watching her son go over. She smiled and waved back, mouthing 'Thank you' to him as Peter walked in. She looked dressed for work, and looking a little frazzled. It was supposed to be her day off from any office work, but she must have been called in.
Fluffy/actiony chapter, this one is. It's needed for plot progression for what I have planned. More domestic fluff coming next chapter, and then a few chapter after that, all the fluff you can't handle. For now, I'll be working out my action feelings. :D
His fingers hovered above his arc reactor. "You have been weighed," Tony started to whisper to himself. "You have been measured. And you have been found wanting." He closed his eyes, furiously wiped away any stray tears that dared to appear, then went to his work station. It was time that he started working on what he was good at; his Iron Man suits.
"Awesome idea, J," Tony nodded, still holding onto his son. "Go ahead and give him a call, open the door when he gets here. He can pick up the sack of coal that is Sleepy Peter." Tony loved that Peter could feel safe enough to sleep so heavily, though. He was a tough kid, and the past couple years had thrown some unfair things at them. Tony had been convinced that Peter would be plagued with nightmares, especially after last year, but the bad dreams seemed to luckily be few and far between. And if Peter was willing to drop off like a rock when he slept, usually just around family, then Tony wasn't going to complain.
"Nah, nothing's wrong. I'll let you go, but you should totally look over at your door. I'm an awesome distraction" She hung up and Tony furrowed his brows together. He turned his eyes then his eyes widened and his mouth dropped a little.
"I don't think that it would be convenient to move," Steve said, a little grudgingly. He didn't want to move away from Peter, because none of this was his fault. Mary nodded at him and took a couple steps back, and he could see when Agent Parker went back to being Mary.
"I'm sure I'll welcome the distraction later when Mary's Mom decides that I'm in open season again," Tony muttered.
He found himself suddenly sliding across the smooth tile floor of the lab, and the girl, Wanda's, eyes had a blue tinge, and she looked,... concerned.
Tony lifted his head, moaning loudly. "I'm being manipulated, very expertly!" Bruce smiled at him. "Alright, you get the pre-work done!" Tony rubbed his hands together. "I think I'll take the new suit with me. I can't be seen showing up in the same outfit." Tony grinned as Bruce rolled his eyes.
“You may be too little to actually remember this when you’re older,” Steve said to Jamie softly, “but this is going to be a semi-regular thing. Us going on vacations as a family, and your Daddy and brother getting into trouble within the first five minutes. It’ll drive you nuts, but you’ll get used to it, and not in a bad way.” He kissed her cheek and she gave him a happy chirp. “Your Daddy and brother used to live here in California, so we might be coming out here more often, but I can’t find anything wrong with that notion.”
"I'll make it up to her," Tony said, leaning against the desk gently, feeling his stomach roll gently. "I'll take Peter for Valentine's Day, so she and Agent can have a nice night, or whatever he might have planned."
“I don’t go on that ride anymore,” Tony told him. He put a hand on Steve’s lower back to lead them out, gathering Peter with them. “I have a literal heart condition.”
She knelt down in front of Vee. “Evelyn, would you like to go for a ride with me? I have a great surprise for you.” She had never done anything wrong to Vee, and she didn’t sense any ill intentions this time, so she followed next to her outside to the waiting towncar. Happy Hogan smiled at them both, holding the door open, and Pepper helped her up onto the seat in the back before sliding in with her.
“You’ll need to move, to stretch out. And I wasn’t joking about giving you a massage later.” Tony turned his head, seeing Wade laying over Steve’s legs now, shooting a smile at him. Steve leaned over, pressing a kiss to Tony’s cheek, then wrapped his arms around Jamie. She made little whine, then settled in Steve’s arm, against his chest.
"Not arguing with you on that one," Tony said, hands in his pockets. "It'll be a shame to see a possible source of clean energy go, but there are way too many volatile activities it could be used for. I don't think my Tower could take another hit from that thing."
"Huh, I wasn't aware that there was actually food in my kitchen," Tony commented. "Pepper must have had groceries delivered when she heard I was coming back."
"The Captain will find that Hydra has changed since he last remembers." Tony felt the ropes around him loosen, and Strucker grabbed the chain between his hands, pulling him up to his feet. Then, to Tony's incredible amusement, he turned his back on Tony, and started heading for the door. As soon as the door was open the tiniest bit Tony was moving, one hand holding onto his fist, swinging up, coming down to slam against the back of Strucker's neck and-
He looked back down when he felt little hands tapping at his feet. His toes rolled on instinct and Jamie let out a little giggle. She pushed down on one of his feet again, trying to grip his sock. “Oh no, no, not my socks.” He took a step back and Jamie let out a sound of surprise, then looked up with big blue eyes. Bucky’s eye almost twitched, seeing a younger Steve Rogers pull those same pitiful eyes. He sighed and sat down on the floor across from Jamie, legs crossed.
“Someone has Wade,” Steve interrupted him, hands moving to check him over. “Jarvis tried to get a call through to me.”
"Are we counting dates that get cut short by Avengers callouts?" Tony asked, sticking close to Steve's side, popping an olive in his mouth from the antipasto plate. "Those end up being like, half dates, if we even make it."
“That’s a little ingenious,” Steve admitted. Jamie looked comfortable, and watched her kick her feet. “She does look adorable.
Tony could definitely admire Steve's body when he came out in the blue swim trunks, and got into the pool with the boys. Like Tony had predicted, Steve became well acquainted with the pool noodles. He was sitting in one of the loungers, some yellow colors sunglasses on, arms behind his head, just enjoying the temperature controlled room, and the sounds of splashing and laughing.
Tony vaguely remembered what happened after Peter's party had ended. He remembered why he fell in the pool, and he remembered what he saw, and he remembered sobbing into Steve's chest. He wished he didn't remember that part.
"We're staying inside the building, if that's what you're wondering," Tony assured him. "I just, this is something I want to do. I was shot today, indulge me." Steve just nodded, falling into an easy silence in the elevator. Tony let his eyes give a hidden roam over Steve's body, half in the suit, arms exposed, peeks of skin that was red, but already starting to heal.
"He was out of his league. He should waited," Tony's jaw quivered a little, but he held it together. "He should have stayed back, he should have...."
"Where is she?" Tony whispered, not looking away from the files. What had been so important down there?
"Well, then I'm glad you enjoyed it. Never been on a ride like that myself," Steve told the boys. What else do you have planned on your last few days down there?" He was really hoping that he would be able to get Tony back before they got home. Downstairs Mary and Phil would talking to her parents on video call, briefing them on what happened, and that they were still searching for Tony, but not to tell the boys.
Steve pulled Wade back a little, a hand on his shoulder, his other hand lifting his head up gently by the chin. “We’ll always come after you, Wade. I promise.” He wiped some of the tears from his cheeks with his thumb. “And if you ever need to talk, or just want to sit with someone, just like this, you can always ask. You can ask your mom, or me, or Tony, or Peter, or I bet even Bucky.”
"Well, it's not a problem," Steve said, trying to downplay it. He just wanted to help out Mary, he liked to consider her a friend as well as his Handler. She was really good at her job. "It's not like there's something that keeps me constantly busy right now-"
"He's still excited to be home," Steve told him as they went to rejoin the group. "You'll see." Somehow that managed to pull a smile from Tony.
"Wade and I can stay up with you and Mr Steve?" Peter asked, and Tony glanced over to see a small smile on Steve's face.
"It is imperative that he not move," Thor growled out, his glare still focused on Loki. "There are latches at either side that will need to be pressed carefully, and slowly removed. If it is done too quickly the skin will tear."
Taking a couple more deep breaths, he felt ready to open his eyes, and start to push himself up. "Jarvis," he mumbled out, mouth feeling sticky, and just overall disgusting. "Scan." He got the one word command out and pulled himself up, slowly, and over to the sink so he could brush his teeth.
"I can, actually, I've done it before," Tony state. "I moved the mother of my son without telling her it was happening. To be fair, I told Peter."
"Don't have a new phone yet," Steve told him, eventually able to tear his eyes away from the crib. "Tablet should be in here, though." He walked over to the stand by the bed and pulled open a drawer before pulling out tablet.
Steve wrote down a few more notes in his notebook, browsing through another website, stopping when there was a knock at his front door. He was sitting at the dining room table, papers spread out, pens, highlighters, and sticky notes sitting around the laptop, as he studied his latest future topic. He slid the chair out and went over, looking out the peephole, but didn't see anything. There was another knock, and Steve smiled, before opening the door.
“Get out of my way!” Bucky barked, trying to swat the Enhanced away to get to the bed. Steve looked at the bed to see both Loki and Tony arch their backs, gasping, and then shouting in pain.
Tony was sitting on the floor, next to Bruce's bedroom door, across from Mary's door, phone in his hand. His tablet was still in Mary's room, but he still had a couple things that needed his attention, and he didn't actually want to put up with Mary's mother.
"I don't have anything for that." Mary smirked a little, looking over at them. "I think maybe, you have to give it a hug."
“Alright! I give in.” Tony cheered and leaned in to kiss him. Steve was going to lean in more, but Tony pulled back, and undid the straps to put Jamie back on the bed. “Get dressed first, and maybe there can be some shared personal space between royalty.”
I want to thank everyone, so so much! Without all the support and kind words, and just seeing how much you guys really like this, it helped, and it kept this story full of life. I loves you all!!! Even all you lurkers! I see numbers, and I know you're there, and you're amazing as well!
“Like you suffer!” Bucky pushed Steve’s back, making him almost stumble into the elevator and Steve grinned. “Punk.”
“See, now you can’t argue with logic like that,” Tony said, face smooshed into the floor. “School will be starting a couple of weeks, and they’ll be in fifth grade. Do you know how important that is? It’s the Senior class of elementary school.”
“We’ll keep her cheered up, until Papa comes back with Wade!” Mary smiled at Peter, kissing his forehead.
"You know, as popular as I am, and as much as we all love to talk about me, let's not forget something else." Tony motioned back to the Community Center building. "There are still people here, and all throughout Manhattan, that are still trying to rebuild. Businesses, homes, personal property, all lost by the tragic attack that occurred just a few days ago." Tony thought of the dad inside with his two girls, of the other parents and families inside. "Lest we forget so quickly, supplies, donations, and volunteers of all kind are still needed. There's going to be a lot of physical rebuilding as well as emotional, and all help is appreciated. We can't let friends, family, anyone, go without homes, without food or water, the basic necessities."
“You seem very informed,” Tony commented to him. “Like, someone gave you a briefing packet, but I know that a lot of that wasn’t written in Natasha’s assessment of me last year.”
Steve nodded, and tore his eyes away from the shield. "Thank you very much, Miss Parker," Steve said quietly.
"Sounds like a plan," Steve said, a little smile curling up. "I'd feel better keeping an eye on you anyway, in case of a hidden concussion."
“Those pants are a gift from the gods!” Tony told him seriously. “They are going to frame your perfect butt so beautifully.”
Steve frowned, glancing at Tony, who was half dozing against Steve’s chest, then at Thor. He focused on the steps as he stepped through the door, and they made their way to the elevator that was already opening. “What do you mean encounter?”
"Alright, well I can get them as close as possible, then get a driver for them." Tony was looking back at his phone, fingers flying over the surface.
"There are too many variables left open," Tony said quietly. The two were sitting on Steve's bed, facing each other, legs crossed. There was coffee on the table closest to Tony, just in case. His eyes were still red, a bit puffy, but he was feeling a little bit better. Steve had held onto him until Tony had stopped crying, waited until he was ready move, then suggested that they go to his room. It would be more comfortable, and private in case anyone came off the elevator. Also, Steve could change his shirt that had a large wet spot on it.
"You have to understand, Tony looked up to Captain America as a kid," Bruce said, catching Steve by surprise. "He has all the posters, the comics, the toys, all of that. Coulson's trading cards? Tony completed the set for him from his own personal collection."
"She did a lot." Tony pulled away from her slowly. "A lot of other horrible things happened, like finding out that my father helped usher in Hydra, and was conditioning me to be Mr Fix-It for the Winter Soldier." Tony moved away from the wall before she could say anything. "There are probably a lot of things that need my attention, but I need to make sure that those I love are safe. Peter, and now Jamie, I need to keep them safe from those that want to hurt me, that would try to use them against me."
Steve also knew that it was going to be Tony that was going to meet with Mary's parents tomorrow, so that Peter would be surprised when they showed up. He thought it was a little odd that Tony was going through the trouble to take care of Mary's parents, even going so far as to put them up in a hotel himself, just for Peter. Maybe it wasn't odd, maybe he was just surprised that Mary's parents accepted Tony so willingly as well. Sometimes, Steve had his mind still set in the 40's.
“She was doing undercover stuff, the stuff that Steve and I would never be able to do,” Sam chimed in. “We’re about as stealthy as an elephant.”
"Since Stark and I have entered an agreement, we both must only speak the truth until an Arbiter comes." Loki spoke like this was the simplest concept on the planet. "An Arbiter will gather copies of memories to review, some from myself and some from Stark, and they will then send word of my innocence, or not, back with Thor for the Allfather to review. If one has a good many number of secrets, or things that they keep close to their chest for one reason or another, they will feel very light," Loki explained. "They could feel weightless to a point. I am accustomed to the feeling by now, so I know how to center the feeling."
"I can't show him the suit yet, it's still pretty beat up," Tony interjected. Tony actually planned on sealing the Mark VII, he still wasn't able to actually look at it without flashbacks buzzing at the corners of his eyes. "He and Peter are having a ton of fun though, and they haven't even destroyed anything yet."
This chapter is Angsty. Capital A. Hurt Tony for sure, some Hurt Steve. Everyone's Hurt. It's a heavy chapter in terms of things being revealed. I'll put Trigger Warning, for description of a nightmare, but I think that's being generous.
"-or Tony. In the next couple of days he'll be moved to the New York building," Coulson told her, pulling out his PDA. "You're going to be his Handler." Mary's eyebrows shot up into her hairline.
"Careful, or it might happen," Steve warned him. He reached out and took Tony's hand, lacing their fingers together.
"Something about proving his innocence in something or other," Tony shrugged, trying to step away again. "Says apparently that I can help set some stuff straight, but I know this is not his first infraction as an offender." Tony looked at Steve and saw something, like determination, in his look. "Rogers? What's that look in your eye? You're not getting curious are you? You're not letting the words of a crazy man actually try to make sense, are you?"
"I'm not really sure," Steve told him honestly. "I'm not writing it off though, but you know more about them right now." Tony saw the line for what it was, Steve wanting Tony to talk about what happened. But there was also no pressure behind it.
Steve made a short whine and shook his head. Tony snorted softly, fondly, and smiled at him. “You’re going to grow her hair out until someone clues her in that she doesn’t have to keep it that way.” Steve scrunched his nose up a little. “You have to learn how to do her hair then. These hands are mechanic’s hands, they don’t do braids and ponytails.” Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “Okay, so I’ll rephrase. These hands don’t want to learn how to braid hair.” Tony leaned down to kiss Steve’s forehead. “Do you want to see our babies? Will that help?” Steve nodded a little, his fingers starting to rub Tony’s, knuckle by knuckle.
"Peter and Wade are with his grandparents," Bruce told him. "They went out into the gardens." Tony nodded a little. "I'm glad I've already had my tea. Spill."
"Glad to you know that you're very straight forward in your responses." Steve snorted at Tony's grin, wrapping his arm around his waist again. "Wanna be a co-parent with me to a little baby girl?" Steve whispered against his ear as they walked towards Steve's bedroom.
Steve leaned over to look over Tony's shoulder, then pointed at something. "That's one of my favorites."
Julie was in the kitchen, making some coffee. Tony could tell that Steve had already told her, but there was probably more that needed to be said. He slipped inside Wade's bedroom, saw the boy had already claimed one half of the bed, leaving the other open for Peter. As he leaned down and pulled back some of the blankets, Wade cracked his eyes open. He put Peter down on the bed, close to Wade, and Wade shuffled a little closer. Tony reached out to run his hands through Wade's hair once, resting his hand on his head.
Steve leaned over to kiss his cheek, smiling, grabbing some food for himself this time. “That might some of the most planning you’ve put into action, so far.”
“Your chariot awaits,” Tony said as he walked over and opened the passenger door for him. “I do kind of have a plan though, you’ll see.”
Virginia "Pepper" Potts had called him after 10am, (still too early in his book), saying that he had an appointment, and it wasn't something that she could field for him. Pepper managed to trick him into getting there ten minutes early, telling him the appointment was an hour earlier than it actually was. She was starting to know him too well, maybe he should start thinking about hiring a new PA.
"What were you thinking!" The car had barely started moving before Pepper had started yelling at him. After what had happened, they weren't going to stay longer in Monaco. Happy and Pepper picked up Tony from the prison, where had talked to his mystery assailant, Vanko apparently, and Mary and Peter were already back at the jet. Now that Tony was no longer bristling with the anger for the Russian man, he was antsy. He wanted to hold onto Peter, to know that he was alright, to know that he was safe.
When Steve's knee brushed against Tony's thigh he couldn't help it when his head pulled back, back arching a little, heat a giant wave through him. They were both panting, and when Tony looked back at Steve's face, into his eyes, there was a sliver of blue around huge black pupils, but Tony swore he saw the blue actually moving in his eyes, swirling like paint in water, flecks of green bobbing to the surface every so often.
"Yeah," Tony said, moving forward. The oven timer dinged, and Steve moved towards the oven, putting the frosting down on the counter. He passed by Tony and their arms brushed accidentally, but both men paused for a second, looking at each with only a couple of inches between them. Steve swore he saw Tony's eyes widen through the lenses, his eyes looking familiar, but Tony moved first, moving away.
"Of the mythical creature variety? Yes, I've heard," Tony said, swerving in the air to avoid going over a small airport.
"This is a conversation that we can finish later," Tony cut him off, leaning in a bit closer. He didn't want Steve to jump on his back because he thought Tony was being crass, but they didn't have time to debate what should, or even needed, to happen with Barnes. "And it'll come, don't worry. Jarvis will be watching to make sure that there aren't like, any Hydra plants still active in his head."
He hurried back around the corner and over to Tony, down in the snow in a second. "Tony? Are you okay?" He was holding a cloth to his face with one hand, the other on his chest.
Tony saw Julie watching Steve now, and figured that this is what he must not have told her. "He got the order saying that his parental rights had been terminated, and he wasn't happy about it." Steve had gone back to get the rest of the information from Bucky after bringing Wade back down to his mother. "Apparently he's been keeping an eye on them, and he's seen you coming around, too." Tony raised an eyebrow when Steve looked at him with the last sentence.
“What Princess doesn’t dream of having two Princes beside her?” The woman said sweetly, clapping her hands together. Jamie smiled, clapping her hands together in the same fashion, making the Princess and Steve practically melt.
She let out a long whistle, nodding her head. "And you've made it to the Nineties, congratulations. I would have thought that it would have taken a lot longer to make it that far. There are still a lot of people stuck in the Seventies and Eighties."
Tony held up his phone and Steve took it. He frowned at the words, but Tony waved his hand. “I want to see if it works, give it to her.” Steve pursed his lips a little, then handed the phone over to Meg.
Leaning down in front of Peter, he gave the boy a big, sincere, smile. "Thank you so much, Peter. Before we see the fireworks, do you wanna hear about my best friend, Bucky?" Peter's eyes got big. "I'll tell you all the stories. Bucky was my best friend, like Wade is your best friend."
"She seems playful today." Steve craned his head back a little as he heard Bruce's voice. He walked into the living room where father and daughter were, and took a seat on the couch. "Seems to want to explore you more than the toys that she has." Bruce nodded over to the side where a small pile of new toys had been set up. Steve had put them together after Tony left with Peter, intent on getting Jamie to start feeling like a normal kid while they waited for more information to make a move on Hydra.
Tony made a pit stop down in his workshop, grabbing one his prototype gauntlets, before heading towards the back of the garage, where Loki supposedly was still being held. He walked in to see Thor standing vigil against the wall, Loki sitting on the cot, legs folded underneath him.
"You're tired," Tony said softly to Peter, who tried to shake his head no. "Yeah you are, you're a little ball of sleepiness."
“Mark Thirty-Nine?? Tony.” He turned back to face said man, who wasn’t able to look at him. “I didn’t know you had this many suits.” Tony mumbled something, and Steve pulled him a little closer. “There’s more?” He nodded a little, and Steve pulled him into his arms. “It’s time to come to bed. I’m going to have Jarvis put the workshop on lockdown.”
Tony had never cooked a chimichanga in his life, but Jarvis assured him that it was something even he could do. He didn't trust his AI's assessment. He looked at the frosting selections that he and Peter had picked out; a lot of red, some black, white, and some blue. Apparently Wade really liked red and black, and Tony thought that he could make a red, white, and blue cupcake for Peter.
“Just make some sandwiches!” Steve dropped the bags on the bed before taking a minute to put the clothes in the dresser drawers. He didn’t have plans to use too many clothes, but it was always better to be prepared. On the bedside table he put Tony’s tablet, in case there actually was a little bit of downtime, and he put his sketch book and pack of pencils next to it. Next he moved to the bathroom and opened the linen closet and saw several sets of extra bedsheets and blankets.
"And Mary is going to give me the stink eye for not telling her!" Tony grabbed a wash cloth, made sure the water was warm, and did a quick swipe across his face.
"Says the man that's in the workshop from the moment Peter gets to school, to the minute you go to pick him up." Steve crossed his arms, watching the genius.
“Uncle Rhodey can play,” Peter said with a shrug, and Tony tried not to laugh. He was sitting in a chair, holding onto Jamie’s hands as she hopped up and down, standing between his knees.
"You didn't even bother to close the gym door," she retorted, leaning against the door frame. "Do you regret it?"
"We will be walking away." Wanda came up the stairs behind him. "But you are not done here." She looked at him holding the baby and her lip pulled up in distaste. "What right do you have to hold that child?"
"I didn't have my own 'Wade' when I was in school." Wade looked up at him with big eyes. "It was just me. But, I went to several different schools, so it was okay. I wouldn't want to make a really good friend only to leave them a few months later."
," Steve growled, getting in between Natasha and Bucky. He glanced back at Meg and saw a snarl on her face, the pupils in her eyes blown wide. "Buck-" Bucky growled a little and Steve rolled his eyes. "Bucky," he glared back at the man, "take her to the kids. Now."
"No worries, I haven't seen any cameras around," Steve said, and noticed how Tony's shoulders came up a little, the man slinking down, crossing his arms over his chest. "I've been guessing that's why you haven't been around the apartment?"
"He does," Steve chuckled a little. "All the time. That's just part of who he is though." He saw the strange look Bucky was giving him. "It's a different kind of crazy, endearing sometimes. Tony usually gets manic when he's creating, or talking about science, or something to do with Peter. And he loses himself, all the time, and sometimes it's not the best timing, but again, that's just part of who he is." Steve shrugged, a smile tilting at the corner of his mouth. "It's uh, it's a bit refreshing actually."
“Probably in the bedroom,” Tony agreed. “I’m hoping to distract him from that fact though during training today.” Mary glanced over at him, and saw him rubbing his forearms a little. “I finished the prototype of my new suit, and I figure today is the best day to try it out. Controlled environment, med baby nearby, blah blah blah.” Mary let out a sigh and Tony smiled.
"Does that mean I'm in SHIELD custody?" It was asked in a guarded fashion, and Mary knew that she had to answer this one carefully.
"Steve, he's going to be coming after you-" Mary started but was interrupted by some shouting from Steve's line. There a couple of pops and the line went dead. "Steve??" Tony cursed, willing the suit to move faster. "How far out are you Tony?"
Steve let out a little sigh, knowing he had been defeated by a baby, not even a toddler yet. “Alright, let’s go.” He slipped his hand in with Tony’s, threading their fingers together. He needed this right now.
Tony tried to get away, but his limbs were cold, they felt heavy. He felt hands on his shoulders, shaking him.
There was higher pitched trill and Tony looked to see that Eevee had come closer to him, also looking sad. Tony felt his lower lip wobble a little, and he reached out to gently pet her behind her ears. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry he’s not here for you. I don’t want you be sad, Eevee.”
"You're not asking me anything." Tony had a soft spot for single parents. When Peter had first met Wade, he had done the over protective father thing and looked up Wade Wilson, and his family. His mom, Julie Wilson, was divorced from her husband, who worked in the military. It had taken a little bit of digging, but he found buried reports of abuse, and that's why she had left.
"Yeah, sure, why not," Tony said quickly as Steve put the cupcakes down next to him, on the cooking rack.
"We usually eat Dinner around Seven," Steve told him, not waiting for an answer. "It's a new thing we're trying with both kids now, and a schedule is supposed to be good, or something."
"If I can stab an assassin, I think I can do this." Tony heard her take a couple of near silent breaths. "Okay, I'm doing it now." He heard the lick of the lock, and watched the two agents on the camera push the door open, each pulling a pistol into their hands. The first woman was halfway in, the second woman right behind her.
Later, when Steve didn't get up to get dressed, to get back to his mission, when they were still laying in Tony's bed, Tony wasn't able to sleep. He traced numbers on the skin of Steve's arm, but it didn't feel the same as it had a couple hours ago. Earlier, he would have been able to see the numbers as he formed them with his fingers, would have seen the light as feelings arc through Steve's skin, and his own.
"Do you have concern over the Captain's safety?" His AI asked, even as a screen popped up, gaining access to SHIELD's servers.
Steve fell into a routine of left with the shield, right with the fist, turn and pivot, try to throw Stark off his feet, forcing him to move back. Stark met him blow for blow, until one hit, a little closer to the inside, tripped him up. Steve pressed the advantage, slamming the shield against his wrist. Stark cried out, the scepter falling from his hand, and Steve kicked it, sending it flying out the window. Stark growled, narrowing his eyes at Steve and jumped at Steve.
“I wasn’t the one in a coma,” Tony interrupted. “I wasn’t the one stabbed by Loki. Got away with a couple busted suits, minimal concussion, and a sprained wrist, which is functioning back at ninety percent now. I got off relatively unscathed compared to others, compared to those that didn’t come back.”
Tony stepped back into the pool room, and saw that the pool noodle battles were over. Steve was trying to weave the pool noodles together to make some kind of raft. "Daddy! Come help us!" Peter called when he saw that he was back. Tony swallowed a little and walked over to the side of the pool, sitting down on the edge, and slowly letting his feet dip into the water.
"Not at all," Tony said, still looking through one of the drawers. He huffed and closed it before standing up, heading for the door. Rachel put a hand on his arm and Tony turned to face her, expecting her to tell him how selfish he was, how he should be-
“Voice of reason, so not welcome sometimes,” Tony said and pointed at Bruce. The doctor just shrugged with a smile.
Tony glanced at Bruce, before hopping out of his chair. "I've got something that you can learn easily, and it doesn't matter if you have two left feet, or no feet."
He sucked in a breath through his nose and his eyes flew open. There was soft lights above him, and there was blessedly warm air filling his lungs. A hand was gently carding through his hair, and there was humming. Steve blinked his eyes rapidly and he saw warm brown eyes looking back down at him, and then he realized that his head was pillowed in Tony’s lap. It was Tony’s fingers in his hair, and Tony’s soft voice humming to him. He sought out Tony’s other hand, wrapping both hands around it and bringing it to his chest, feeling the warmth there.
"While the obviously see-through tactic of distracting the press is appreciated," Tony started, the two of them heading down to the garage, "I think that I'm a big boy. This isn't baby's first conference, for me." He glanced at Steve. "And no one knows that Captain America is actually Steve Rogers from the 1940's. Take it from experience, keep your privacy while you're still able too." Steve was able to note the tightness in Tony's voice at the words. He had to remind himself that Tony had been dealing with this nearly all his life, always in the public eye, always on display.
“Eeeeeeeeeveeeeeee!” Tony peeked through his fingers at the near howl like cry. It sounded sad. She was calling for Captain America, and he wasn’t responding. There was a knot of sadness in his chest, and he dropped to his knees. He only wanted to try and cheer her up.
"The man that attacked me, I thought I saw metal," Tony told him. "I wasn't sure exactly what I was seeing at first, but there was metal around his whole arm. I thought it was part of his armor, but no, he had a metal arm." He looked at Steve, eyes hard, underlying with a bit of worry. "I don't know what his MO is now, and that worries me."
"Yeah," he said softly, tearing his eyes back up to the man. "Yeah, I'd do anything for my son." The man's eyes widened a little, and Tony smiled softly. "Got a six-year-old waiting for me at home. I'd really rather be back there with him, than here dealing with that," he said with a motion to the crowd outside. Tony stood up, reached inside his waistcoat and pulled out a card. "My private line is on the back of this one," he said as he leaned forward to slip the card in the pocket on the front of the man’s shirt. "I'll be working on different projects all over the city, state even, and I always need good security. Give me a call, we'll get something worked out." The man just blinked, speechless, but managed a nod. Tony gave him a little smile and went back over to Pepper and Steve.
Tony thought that his eyes might actually roll out of his head at the statement. He looked at Bruce. "Shall we play?"
"This is Jamie," Steve said, walking over to the couch so the boys could sit properly again. "Just like Rowan is Miss Meg's daughter, Jamie is mine."
Tony glanced back over to see Pepper still watching him. “Going on this vacation, just with Steve and the kids, it was, huge. For me at least, and I was more than a bit apprehensive about it. Sometimes I think that we’re moving things too fast. It’s been less than a year, and now we’re living on the same floor, and we’re parents together, which we kind of didn’t have a say in, but we said we love each other, and I’m freaking out a little. I’m always freaking out, but, I feel good with him. Everything’s weird because it’s not just me trying to do things alone, anymore. And he’s real good with the kids, both of them, a real natural, so that’s always a plus.”
“-hidden pocket in the outfit, yes they did,” Steve nodded with a smile. “And, I do believe that Peter might have more pockets than you. His pockets are at least normal looking.”
Peggy pushed some of Tony’s hair back with her hand, still smiling at him. “Evelyn was Steve’s first pokemon, did you know that?” Tony shook his head back and forth, eyes wide. “He called her Vee, just like you do.” If possible, Tony’s eyes got even bigger. “She’s very particular about who she likes, she’s been trying to protect Steve ever since they met, before he became Captain America.” Peggy leaned in a little to whisper to him. “She’s never liked your father.” Tony tried not to giggle. “You must truly be as extraordinary as I know you are if Evelyn has taken to you so quickly.”
The furniture was in the right place, so no one was practicing. The TV wasn’t on, so the twins must have been down for a nap. There was some soft music coming from the opposite direction, from the kitchen, so that meant that Miss Meg was making dinner. But, he didn’t know where Bucky Barnes was. His eyes narrowed and he crept into the living room, eyes constantly scanning the room. No one was talking in the kitchen, so he wasn’t in there as well; not that Wade ever caught the man talking that often, but he figured they would talk if they were in the same room, right?
Steve kept his eyes on the door where Tony and William had disappeared too. Rachel had gone into Mary's room, talking to her daughter, and Steve stayed out in the hall. He felt a little awkward, but he wanted to make sure that Tony was going to be okay. He also felt a little protective, wanting to keep the grieving mother away from Tony until she could calm down.
"Dr Selvig read an energy surge from the tesseract four hours ago," Hill continued. "That's when I contacted you, Sir.
"You most of all," Tony smirked and Mary let out a little snort of laughter. "Are you worried about what others will think?"
Tony was looking forward to tonight, though; when Peter would call, and Mary had said that he wanted to wish Tony Happy Birthday. His last birthday had been almost the same, and unsurprisingly to him, the best Birthday he'd had since he could remember. he didn't tell Mary this, but after a one-year-old Peter had gotten out "Happy Birfday, Daddy!", Tony may have teared up afterwards a little in the privacy of his own bedroom.
"I did," he said quickly. How was he supposed to explain to her that it had been a while without saying, 'I was frozen in the ice and lost lots of time'? "I listened to a lot of Forties music."
"Join the house arrest party," he mumbled. Tony had sent an iron Man suit, controlled by him and Jarvis from back at the Tower, in a car wherever Peter went, just in case. Peter and Wade thought that it was awesome. "But, seriously, not to be more of a dick than usual, if nothing's wrong-"
"Well, it's not if someone went way overboard sending too many Christmas presents," she countered. "Long or short sleeve?"
Steve was quiet as he looked out the window. "There are no battle plans for that." Tony snorted, driving them back to Manhattan.
“They using him as a map,” Loki cut him off. “They used his physical body as a mooring point, and they were creating a travel route to get back to your tiny little realm.” He looked back to Strange. “They probably felt your meddling and attempted to use him to finish their route.” He now looked between Strange and Steve. “They would have used him until he had no more to give, then left him to rot. Had this secondary entity not intervened to hide him, this would have been disastrous. As it is now, we now have to figure out how to get him back to his body, without Him finding Stark again.”
"Wouldn't be surprised if she's figured out the jail break routine before Thanksgiving," Tony smirked.
Mary held onto Peter as they sat in the back of the limo, running her hands through his hair as they watched the little TV of the press conference. Tony had been whisked away by more agents, SHIELD as they had come up with now, and poor Peter hadn't even been able to speak to him. They had both barely gotten any sleep, but Coulson had assured them that Tony was awake now, and doing fine.
"He's been crashing here, helping try to find you, and keeping me sane," Steve mumbled, a faint blush crawling up his neck. "Come on," Steve said and they headed for his bedroom this time.
“This seems to have had a serious effect on you.” Tony looked at him with a deadpanned expression. “But, for you to come to me-“
“Seems like you’ve been generally annoyed the whole day,” she commented to him, setting the toys in the corner with Peter’s toy chest. Peter liked to organize his toys a special way that neither parent was able to figure out yet. “You were able to hide it from Peter though, so I didn’t say anything.”
“You gotta blow out the candles, baby girl.” Steve mimicked blowing, pursing his lips, waiting for the one year old to follow suit. She had seen Peter, and Tony, blow out some candles, and she squealed now that she knew it was her turn. She started to blow as well as she could, Steve secretly helping her out. She clapped, eyes big, and looked at Steve. “You did it!”
He turned to move towards Natasha and Meg now, trying to insert himself in the fight. Meg ducked down when Natasha tried to press the Bite to her skin, and Steve was moving in and blocking her arm with his wrist. Natasha put a hand on Steve's shoulder and was vaulting over his arm to try and get the drop on Meg, but the blonde was swinging down under Steve's arm at the same time to get away. Steve was feeling like a prop suddenly.
Tony licked his lips, realizing that his lips were dry, and he needed a little effort to make his mouth not so dry, before he could answer her. “Yeah.” Although his voice was still just a little raspy. “Yeah, I’m okay, baby.” He lifted his arm, with a little more effort than he thought he’d need, and messed with her hair a little. “I’d say that you probably needed a haircut, if I didn’t think that your Papa would break every pair of scissors in the state at the suggestion.” He tugged very gently on some hair and she giggled. “Joke’s on him though; he’s going to have to learn how to do your hair.”
"Make it April, and we're good." The woman turned around and Tony's eyes widened a little when he recognized her. It was Mary. She looked over towards them, then blinked when she saw Tony. "I'm going to go find my assistant, and put it, in the books. Yeah." He finished his scotch then headed over towards Mary.
“I can do what I can,” the sorcerer answered.  He watched Steve take a step closer to him, cradling Tony carefully to his chest.
When the doors opened he headed down the hallway of the Avengers offices, stopping just in the doorway of Steve’s office. He wasn’t dressed in his mission uniform, and his hair wasn’t wet from a recent shower, so it was strictly a paperwork day. Tony gave a catcall whistle, causing Steve to look over.
“Eighty-third is Steve’s old floor, right?” Tony asked, moving the live footage to the corner and taking a moment of when the projectile hit the glass, zooming in. Jarvis answered in the affirmative. They had been staying on Steve’s floor until a few weeks ago, the last of the furniture arriving, and most of the painting done. Steve was still working on some murals for the kids rooms, but those he didn’t need empty space for.
“Speaking of,” Steve said, motioning over towards Peter. The boy was motioning with his arm, Jamie once again on her feet and holding onto Peter, for Tony to come over and take his place. “I think that it’s time to play it up for the cameras.”
"Rhodey? Snap out of it, buddy. I need you-" Tony looked around, biting back the gasp of exhaustion that swept through his body. The suit was taking a toll on the arc reactor, and in turn his body. He hope Bruce would have all the calculations done and they could start immediately on the new element for the arc reactor. It could be synthesized by morning, and no one would have to worry any longer. "They're coming."
Tony held Peter in his arms as they walked through the halls of the hospital, thinking to himself that this was the absolute oldest that Peter could be while being held. Tony wasn't weak, not by far, and Peter was still small compared to other kids his age, but he was almost eight and he was a lot bigger than he was at four.
Rhodey put a hand on Tony's shoulder, and he looked over to the taller man. "No one else will get in the suit, Tony. I promise you." Tony nodded, letting out a breath.
"Well, sounds like someone cares enough about your health to force you to go to bed." Steve put his two plates down, sitting across from Tony at the kitchen bar. "Must be a smart person."
"I haven't been there for you, not when you needed me." His thumb started to rub one of the lobes of Steve's ear. "And my volcano is erupting, but you're still here. I don't deserve that, but it doesn't change the fact that you didn't run. I'm gonna be there, I Swear to you, I'm gonna be at your side, coaching you through this, but Steve," Tony closed his eyes, trying not to beg. "I need to know why I got someone injured, or maybe killed, someone I cared about. I can't go and face that family without having an answer."
"Meg." Steve went to move towards her, but Bucky pushed him back with a hand to his shoulder. Confusion clouded Steve's face at the action. Was he protecting her from Steve??
Mary's mother let out a breath, looking at Steve, then nodded. "I hadn't realized that so much had happened." She didn't offer any more words and went back inside the room where the rest of her family was. Steve wasn't expecting a full turn around, but he supposed that this would be enough. Maybe it would be enough for her to back off Tony at least.
"We're gonna spend the night here," Tony told Peter before he could ask where his best friend was. "Wade is spending the night with his mom tonight, and then we'll pick him up in the morning."
He saw that it was a message from Meg, and he figured that she probably had a couple other songs for him that he could add to their playlist.
"I already did twelve miles in the gym this morning," Steve informed her and they heard a scoff of disgust.
“You were right, Petey,” Steve said with a ruffle to his hair. Tony walked back over before Peter could push his hand away and was motioning them towards the elevator.
“Is it technically Avengers work if Captain America is doing most of the heavy lifting?” Mary asked, looking between Steve and Phil. “Is that just Captain America work?”
"I could hear you talking to me sometimes." Tony hadn't been expecting her to say that to him. "Tony, sit down and talk to me. At least reassure me about your arc reactor."
"I'm here for Pancake day." He dropped a kiss onto Tony's head, fingers massaging his scalp. They both deserved a few hours of sleep before breakfast time. "I have to leave Sunday morning."
"The time is Seven-Thirty in the morning." Jarvis' voice brought Steve out of his slumber several hours later, and he yawned. "Young Master Peter is about to awaken, and Mrs Parker is currently making the pancakes."
"I'm upset that you know my weakness," Tony muttered under his breath. He took a deep breath, and then another, closing his eyes for a second, then opened them again. "Fine, but only because I know that Rachel makes a fantastic apple cake, and if I'm not on top of it, Wade will try to find the peanut butter, and Peter can't say no to Wade."
"Oh, well, that solves that I suppose." Tony took a breath as he held onto the wire. "Here's go nothing." He replaced the wire, quickly pulling his hands back, and waited. The machine made a deep whine and Tony was blinking when Steve was suddenly grabbing him from the ground and throwing him over his shoulder. Tony let out a 'whoomph' of air and blinked. The air pulsed, then a low vibration passed over their eardrums and Steve stumbled in his run, and Tony covered his ears.
"Did you know that you have an AI that can place a phone call, all from the comfort of your current seat?" Bruce was casual as he finished his meal.
"So, don't you have your own paperwork to fill out?" Bruce sat down across from him at the kitchen island. He was getting a head start on dinner. Tony scrunched up his face, almost offended at the suggestion. "Tony, you're bored, and you're starting to annoy me. I have no idea if Steve is going to be back for his birthday," Tony's head shot up, looking scandalized, "and I wish you would just text him to find out if he is."
"Okay, but he still hurt me a little, and I think it's time to make that stop hurting." Steve and Peter helped Tony to his feet, Peter sticking to the uninjured side. The lights flickered back on, this time Jarvis booting back up.
As Steve was finishing lacing his shoes, tying them, there was a knock on the door. He unlocked the door and pulled it open, and saw Mary standing there, a little boy next to her leg. When he looked up and saw Steve, who was much taller than his mother, his hugged Mary's leg.
"I'm still better looking though, right?" Steve leaned down, smiling at him, noses touching. "Steve, I need vocal affirmation. I'm a vain, selfish man. Please feed my ego."
"They sent me with some AIM scientists, when they were first setting up the lab with some of Stark's notes." Steve raised an eyebrow. "Howard Stark. They were important, and there was a possibility that SHIELD would have seen their movement. I was there to make sure that nothing happened." Bucky was resolutely trying to ignore the inquisitive look he was getting from Jamie. "I was there when they set those animal experiments lose, watched your team fighting. After you put a kink in their plan, they decided to keep me stationed with AIM, to protect their work."
Of course, thinking about a family, even if that's just Peter, (because even Tony could admit that Peter was absolutely perfect), had Tony thinking about The Neighbor, and that just had to stop. Things hadn't exactly gone well with George, his attempt at dating again, went down in near flames a month after it had started. Turns out that George was not as good an actor as he thought, and Tony was able to see that Tony Stark was just another name for money, and sex. Tony was glad that he hadn't mentioned Peter to the man.
Unbeta'd as usual and Marvel owns more than me. Also, all music belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
“He already caught me walking in,” Steve told her happily. “I think he was too engrossed in his piggy-back ride on Tony, though.” He smiled when he heard Mary’s laugh again. Everything was starting to feel like normal again now that she was back. “The Manor was, interesting to say the least.”
"Last year was fun," Peter said. "A big dinner with everyone there. But, it's your day, Daddy." Tony smiled at him. Peter was a big proponent of the Birthday tradition; The birthday person does what they like, and doesn't have to do any chores.
"Okay," Peter nodded. He could deal with that, as long as he got to stay in the same room as his Daddy. The screen beeped twice and Tony reached over to take it from him. Steve moved up, lifting the almost seven year old in one arm, and moving towards the other end of the room where more supplies were.
"This is a nice party, Tony." Tony turned his head when Mary's dad, William, walked over to him. Both grandparents would be staying through the weekend to give Peter a birthday spree. Mary and Coulson would have the run of most of the Tower to themselves while Tony, Steve, Peter, Wade, William, and Rachel would stay at the Manor until Sunday night.
"But you didn't deny that they're there," Tony shot back. "I'm not going to let my son, and the mother of my son, live in a place where the paint chips off faster than I can drink a bottle of scotch."
“Maybe I should put you up for one of those shows,” Steve said, and he almost smirked when Tony realized that he was kind of serious. “Getting taught by some amazing chefs, I bet you’d make it all the way to the end. You have the taste buds to recognize good food, you just need a little help on the how of preparing it.”
"Did you have fun today, Peter?" William asked when he sat down, and everyone descended on the food. Tony took over putting food on Peter's plate as the dishes were passed around.
Tony shook his head, glancing back down, trying to get a scan over the ripple he thought he saw, but nothing was showing up. “They look to be a sort of metal for sure, but that doesn’t mean that the insides are the same. They won’t stay still long enough for me to get a proper reading, but if I can’t get my hands on-“
"Sir, evacuation may be futile." They three of them stopped, and Mary and Fury both looked at Agent hill. "If we can't control the Tesseract's energy, there may not be a minimum safe distance."
“I appreciate it,” Bucky told him, standing up. “Well, your other kid is asleep, but that one is all you, Stevie. She’s stubborn, and even looking at the stars won’t make her fall asleep.”
Steve groaned, dropping his head a little. “I’ll honestly be happy if her first words aren’t some kind of swear word.”
Rhodey punched in his number at the door, and it unlocked, letting the uniformed man inside the workshop. "Sugar bear!" Tony called out, setting the chlorophyll filled glass down on the desk. "I missed my snookums."
“No,” Steve told him immediately. He squeezed his shoulder again. “You were in immediate danger, even I could see that. And from what you’ve told us, he was threatening others.”
Tony grunted and nodded, then pushed himself up. He looked at the progress bar as Jarvis was machining the parts for the new boots. It would take several hours anyway, and Mary would pick up Peter by then. Tony thought that he should at least grab a quick shower, change his clothes, and then make breakfast.
"Grand Prix," Tony reminded her. "F1 races, all that fun stuff. Really, it'll be all kinds of fun. I'll talk to the school-"
"I love you, Tony Stark." When they pulled away both were panting slightly. "I don't plan on going anywhere for a long time."
“Hey there, Gorgeous,” Tony said softly. “You know me?” Steve nodded a little, trying to swallow. “That’s good, real good. You’re safe with me, in our bedroom, at the Tower, in New York, and a thousand feet above sea level. Jarvis has raised the temperature of the room, and there’s a nice warm blanket around you.” One of Tony’s hands was rubbing his scalp, the other was rubbing his chest where Steve had it trapped with his hands. “You’re doing so good, babe, so good. Just focus on me. Are you aware of how soft your hair actually is? Because this is downright unfair. I bet you don’t even use any product.” Tony had started to ramble, but he kept his voice low and gentle, and it was very melodic to Steve’s ears, working to calm him down. “You’ll have to get it trimmed soon, maybe next month. Peter will wanted to get his hair cut before school starts, and he’ll probably talk Wade into doing it as well. If you’re not attached to Jamie’s hair, maybe we can get baby’s first haircut.”
Steve watched Tony for a second, Peter coming back out with his stuff. He longed to see Tony's eyes, and the rest of his face really. You can only put together so much of a person from just seeing their chin. The eyes held so much, expression and emotions, they betrayed what others wanted to put on for the rest of the world. And Steve didn't like that he didn't know this man. Maybe it was because Steve had grown rather attached to Peter in the past few months, and wanted to make sure that the little boy stayed happy, and safe.
On the page was clearly the beginnings of the Captain America shield, taking up one half of the page, while something else was starting to take shape on the other half. It was only a vague outline, Peter taking more time to get the star on the shield as perfect as his little six-year-old hands could make it. Tony thought that with the shape of the other object it could be the start of a head, but he wouldn't know for sure until Peter started working on it again.
"Well, Mom's tend to know best," Tony said with a nod. "Wanna know what I think?" Wade shrugged a little, but kept looking at Tony. "I think that you've got like, way too much energy. I got that sometimes. So you just have to find different ways to burn it off, and you've got like no fear, I swear."
“I told you have they protected her two weeks ago, right??” Tony sat up a little, making Steve move with him, but smiled. “They both totally took that sibling stance. ‘No one can pick on her, cause we’re the only ones who can do it.’ Made my concussed head melt at the sight.” Steve’s hand gently rubbed the healing cut on the back of his head where some glass had cut. “Yeah, it’s an actual crime that she hasn’t met her Uncle Rhodey yet, and that Peter has seen Uncle Fly-boy in a while. He’s secretly replacing you with another fly-boy,” Tony stage whispered the last sentence. “Steve brought back his own Air Force guy. And he’s black!” Steve frowned, hitting Tony’s arm lightly.
“Is it the same groove that you danced to Justin Timberlake too?” Steve’s face dropped and Tony started to cackle softly. “I so wish that Mary had gotten video of that.”
Steve snorted softly. “I think I’m going to go with Moose Tracks, tonight.” He could feel Tony raise an eyebrow. “I like the mini peanut butter cups.”
“You’re not looking so bad yourself,” she said, giving him a quick once over. “Apparently this cross-country trip Tony told me about has done you a little good?”
,” Tony said and Peter wrinkled up his face, as did Steve. “I don’t think Prince Adam- Oh! What about Prince Philip??” The two Starks looked over at Steve. “His hair is a little short, but that’s our fault, but I think it works!”
Steve nodded, adapting into the Captain America persona now that he was armed with more information. "Iron Man, I want you up in the sky, staying away from this things until you can get us more answers about this. Hawkeye, you're our eyes, get to the best vantage point." Clint nodded from his seat. "Widow, you're with me on the ground. We need to shut that thing down, and figure out why it was set up in the first place."
"You got it, Wade." Wade blasted him with a grin before running from the room. "Be careful! Slow your roll in the hallways!" He heard Wade shout back 'Kay!' before shaking his head a little. Tony was swinging his legs off the bed when the door opened again and Steve was walking back in, towel around his neck, shirt soaked with sweat. Tony thought the view was better than coffee.
"No shit," he said as he stood up. "You and Stark finally quit your awkward song and dance and hooked up?"
Tony knocked on the door to the lab and walked in, drawing Bruce away from had happened. "You are a sight for sore eyes," he told the scientist. Bruce was able to see the black was peeking over the collar of his shirt. Tony threw on a jacket, covering most of the palladium poisoning.
"Mom and Dad are thinking about taking Peter and Wade to Disney World when school ends." Tony turned to look at her. "To give all us a little break with everything we've been dealing with." She bobbed her head back and forth a little. "They'll come talk to you about it later in detail, but, I don't think it's a bad idea."
“I’m just that good,” Steve said with a laugh, then opened the door for him. Wade walked through the door first, and Steve followed him. It was late, and he was sure that Julie was probably up waiting for him. “You know you can come to pretty much any of us, right, kiddo?”
Tony watched her go then went back over to Steve, who was holding onto the baby in one arm, sitting up more so she could curiously look around. "You took to holding her pretty fast."
"I'm on the current episodes," she smiled. "Season six will make you cry a little, and season seven so far, is an absolute trip." Then she moved the collar of her shirt a little to expose a tattoo.
"That, my boy, is the Smithsonian Museum," Tony told him. "There's a lot of history in there, you remember what history is, right?"
Jumping up, Tony kicked the case, and it opened up. He slid his hands into the holds, pulling it up as he turned so that he could face his enemy. The man was looking over at Mary, who was backing up, but a look of determination on her face, and Tony's suit assembled around him.
"I'll find you," he promised. He leaned over and kissed Jamie's forehead. Steve watched Tony walk down the hall towards the other apartment where Peter was, and Steve turned to head for the elevator. When the doors closed he let out a long breath, letting his head drop back briefly.
"Because I know you, Tony, sometimes I know you better than you know yourself." Bruce took a sip of his tea. "So, before you think that you're robbing the cradle, or whatever, really think about what it is you want. If you want to start something with Steve, that's fine, and if you want to move slow, that's okay, too. Think about what you want in the future, then decide if that's something you think you could give him, and yourself."
"Keep talking like that, and the universe it going to think that you can handle more than two kids, Steve." Steve shot a warning look at Bruce who just smirked. "That's some heavy-duty parent talk you're throwing around."
“Careful, thems’ strong commitment type words,” Bucky said, looking at him pointedly, one arm going out to catch Conor before he fell over Bucky’s leg. Rowan was trying to climb up his shoulder. “One might think you’re sweet on him, sweet enough to make a statement.”
“Yeah, that wouldn’t be a bad idea.” Tony had turned to pull out some oranges. “Good ole’ Captain America will be done with his lesson anytime, and I really don’t want my kid seeing Loki’s face again. He’s gotten past his nightmares, and I’d rather they not start up again.”
Yes. If Tony really thought about it, and that was the only thing that he could do at the moment, the whole day had been building up to something like this. After breakfast, everything just seemed to annoy or irritate him if it didn’t go to plan, or make Peter happy. He let out a strangled cry. What if Peter had been there? Or Jamie? Or Wade? What if something had happened to any of the other kids that were staying there?
“Mmm,” Tony said with a little hum. “Yes, my young, blonde, Adonis does seem to be looking to stay that way for a while, doesn’t he?”
“That’s called being adventurous, and clumsy.” She pat Bucky’s shoulder, then turned to head back to another room. “I’ll have the first aid kit ready for the next tragedy,” she called out. Bucky looked back at Wade as she disappeared.
Tony's view was blocked when Steve's hands were on his arms. He looked up to see Steve saying something, but there was just a ringing in his ears. A sharp pain had him looking down, he saw a growing red spot on his shirt, and the world tilted suddenly. He was falling into Steve's arms before his eyes shut on their own.
"Yeah, he's monitoring all of Mary's vitals, sending constant updates to her Doctors," Tony said, hand rubbing Peter's back in circles. "He pretty much knows everything." William nodded. "Oh, there are two other people here, but they'll be staying upstairs. I thought I would let you know. They helped, with the attack yesterday, so they can be trusted." Trusted enough, he didn't say. "I'm sure Jarvis has told you that there's a garden in the back, benches chairs, gazebo, pretty much everything."
“Thanks for reminding me,” Steve said as he stood up. “I need to meet some of the delivery men downstairs in a couple hours. Don’t worry, I’ll take over the rest of that ‘domestic’ necessity.”
Tony swallowed, then licked his lips. “There was always a way out of the desert,” he said quietly. “I’ll be fine, you know that. I’ll learn to deal with it, eventually.” Mary let out a sigh, but she didn’t push. He knew what she would say, she had said it all before when he was still having nightmares after getting back from Afghanistan. “Just as long as Peter doesn’t see, than it doesn’t matter.”
“Alright, what have you decided?” Tony asked, crowding Steve before he could slip away into the living room.
"I'm sorry, I think I misheard you." He made a little show out of rubbing his ears. "I thought you said that you wanted me to become Wade's Guardian, instead of Mary. Mary Parker, married to Phil Coulson, the better parental figure."
“That Eevee never liked me,” Howard huffed out. Vee let out a huff of her own in response, and Tony started to scratch around her neck. “I don’t know why she came out for Tony.”
"There are so many things I could say," Steve started. He pulled Tony a little, pushing open the door until he was stepping out. He left Tony standing just inside the gym, then leaned down, kissing Tony softly, gently. Tony's hand reached up for Steve's face, but Steve pulled his head back. "So, I guess we'll have to do this a different way."
At first glance he could see equations, things that he seen before scanning in the files that Clint and Natasha had brought back from their first raid. But he saw that the equations were longer, more variables. He brought up the graphs to compare them with, and frowned harder, but not in confusion. He could see a couple of Bruce's test results in the other corner, and proceeded to bring those into view. Tony's stomach dropped.
"Well, you've discovered my secret," Tony said, nodding like it all made sense. He let out a little sigh, letting a warm smile curve on his lips. "That's my kid, and he's sharp as a whip, let me tell you. He's already in third grade, going for my record, but he doesn't want to skip anymore grades. He's got good friends, and would you believe it, he's well-behaved. Does his chores and everything."
“Veeeee!” Tony nearly dropped his mug he heard the delighted cry of Vee. All his Gems perked up, dancing around when Vee ran over to them. Tony’s ears were assaulted, in a good way, with all the chirps and trills of his happy bunch. He put the mug down, kneeling down when Vee jumped at him, catching her in his arms.
Tony took a deep breath, slowly coming back to. He was reclined, warm, and on something soft. And moving?
Steve escaped to the kitchen, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes. He didn't need to be thinking about how he wanted to be on that couch with them, with his arms wrapped around Tony. It was just that morning that he managed to get Tony to agree to a date. Steve was still trying to play it cool, to pretend he knew what he was doing. While his friend, Meg, was being an immense help, he couldn't help but miss Bucky. Bucky and his Ma had been the only ones who knew that sometimes he felt the same way for guys as he did for gals, and his best friend had always known exactly what to do. Not that it ever went anywhere, with either gender, since he was so small and sickly, and after the experiment he was too busy with the War.
"Funnily enough, time is what I have the most of right now," Steve said. He glanced back at the little place, then back at the pink haired woman. He stuck his hand out to her, and she started to shake it before he even started talking. "My name's Steve."
“Which thing in particular?” Tony asked, sparing a glance over at them. “They thing that wanted to use me, or the thing that tried to trap me?”
Mary let out a snort, smiling, and biting her lip to keep from laughing. Oh, there was a story there that Tony needed to know immediately.
"I was out of town for a couple of months before, in case you didn't hear." Tony was getting annoyed now.
"Uh, actually, I'm planning on threatening you." He pulled out some ice, then a decanter, slipping one bracelet on. "Then, I'm going to kill you." Loki laughed softly as Tony slipped the second bracelet on, and poured the drink in the glass.
Steve decided that the files could wait. He assumed that if Howard, or Peggy, weren't there to greet him as he woke up, then the information of what had happened could wait for another day. What he could go look at was the shield that rested in his bedroom. Mary was right, it was going to take some time. And for right now, he wanted to try and be just Steve Rogers. Not Captain America, or even Captain Rogers. Steve Rogers needed to deal with what he was walking in to in this future time, then the military man could come back out.
Tony bit his bottom lip for a second, and looked at Jamie as he fingers curled over a couple of his. “You know what,…. I kind of do too.”
"I want to commission you," Tony said and looked up from his phone. She blinked at the sudden shift. "I want you to make me some sculptures, out of various stone and glass."
"I hope you aren't thinking that this is a new development," Steve said with a raised eyebrow. "I've been told that I've always been like this."
Soft fingers were in his hair, rubbing his scalp, and Tony felt himself relax the tiniest bit. Right, opening his eyes, that's what he was trying to do. Despite the still burning pain in his chest, Tony managed to blink his eyes open. Steve was on the ground, his shirt off, a big towel around his shoulders, but he was looking at Tony. It was his hand that was in his hair.
"Hang on a sec." Tony started going through his clothes, looking for something warm that would at least be semi-comfortable in the suit. He heard Steve talking to someone, but couldn't hear the words. Then he heard a squeak, which was not from Steve, and probably the friend that he was visiting. "Yeah, she's not happy with that."
"Who are you? Are you with Mary?" There was a guarded tone to his voice now, and Steve proceeded carefully.
"She can hear you," Meg called out. "I don't drink coffee, by the way, so this isn't for me." She turned around to face them and Tony's eyes widened, whipping his head back to Steve. Steve blinked, looked over at his friend, then let out a laugh. She frowned as she rested a hand on her heavily pregnant stomach.
"Easy to hold onto that child like ignorance when your Hero is supposed to be just a person printed on a piece of paper," Bruce said quietly. "Why do you think Peter has Captain America sheets? Tony introduced his son to what was his strongest ally as a kid. Everything Tony does is an attempt to not be like Howard." He leaned across the counter, really staring into Steve's eyes. "Think about every time you've heard Peter talk about his Dad, or see him interact with Tony. And think about what Tony told you earlier."
Mary handed the tablet back to Bruce, looking back inside the pool room. "He's getting worse," she said softly to the Doctor.
When they got to the hospital Tony slipped on his ball cap and sunglasses, grabbed Wade's backpack, and took Wade's hand as they walked into the hospital. Wade looked at the hospital, looking to see how high up it went, and how many buildings there were. The doors opened for them and Tony went up to the front desk to check in. Tony had requested that Julie come to this hospital because visitors were required to check in, and Tony had handled the privacy of her visitors list himself. Just in case.
“You think there’s a chance that hasn’t happened already?” Tony asked, pushed his face back against Steve. “Notice anything weird on your mission?”
"I wouldn't have done that to you, Tony," Mary said, and Bruce looked over at him. It had been a while since anyone other than Pepper called Tony with such familiarity. "I try not to bring my work home with me, and I've made it clear that I won't do any missions where you're involved without your knowledge."
Steve had been the one to go and explain to the couple who were caring for the twins what had happened, in disguise of course. He was going to have a talk with her later about the elderly couple, but they had agreed to keep the babies with them until she was discharged. He had had to convince them to do it.
“I’ve come to an agreement with them,” Dr Strange said as he stepped up to the bed. Steve quickly picked up Jamie in his arms, holding her close, trying to keep her from looking at all the new strangers in the room. Sadly, her curiosity was as strong as Steve’s had been as a child. She kept twisting her head, trying to twist her body to look at them all.
"Touche," Tony snorted a little, smiling as Mary put down a mug of coffee. He blinked when a little plastic fork with a few pieces of pancake on the end appeared from the side of his face. He glanced over and saw Peter holding it out to Tony, smiling with syrup already around his mouth, little splotches of blueberry on his lips
"Daddy?" Tony jumped, and looked at Peter as he leaned up on the stool that was across from the frosting station that had been set up. "Can we make a Cap cupcake for Mr Steve, too?"
Tony thought he felt his lower lip tremble a little, but he swiped a hand across his face. "Thank you, Rachel," he said after a second. "I, I really needed to hear that."
Bruce nodded. "His lung capacity is already diminished thanks to the arc reactor, and most near-drowning victims have a very high risk of getting sick. Pneumonia, Acute Respiratory Distress, sometimes even brain damage. I won't know until he's in his bed and Jarvis can collect scans for me."
“My mistake, Morgan.” Steve put out his hand, asking permission to pet her, and she nodded, pushing her head into his hand. Tony watched them carefully.
Outside of the room, Mary pulled the door closed most of the way, leaving a crack open, and walked with Steve back towards the living room. "What brings you down here this time of night?" Steve raised an eyebrow at her. "I'm a mother, anything past Eight is starting to feel late to me when I have a bedtime to keep track of." Steve smiled softly. "Did you find out anything new about what happened upstairs?"
"Why do you sound out of breath, Tony?" Was Rhodey accusing him of something? Something that he completely did do, but still.
"He probably destroyed it. Oh, that sweet beautiful phone," the woman murmured. There was some banging and a whispered curse. "I also can't be sure that I'm not being followed, and I locked myself in a bathroom," she whispered. "My self-defense skills are on par, but I'm barely two months out of a pregnancy, and I'm only good against one attacker at a time."
“You don’t so the same, Mr Jumps-Out-Of-Planes-Without-Parachutes?” Tony countered with a raised eyebrow. Steve chuckled and nodded a little.
“Neat door trick,” Tony said, jerking his thumb back a little as he watched the man. Of course he knew about Dr Strange when he had been one of the best neurosurgeons in the country, possibly the world, before his accident and then disappearance. It wasn’t until after he had become Iron Man that he really heard about what Strange had done while he was gone. “I remember your previous residence being a lot higher up, and with a lot more glass. More modern, too.”
"She made it for me for Christmas." Tony raised an interested eyebrow. "She works with glass and subtractive sculpture."
"Steve?" He looked up to see Coulson at the door, tablet in hand. He nodded with his head and Steve nodded.
"Mama?" Peter asked, after swallowing his first bite of ice cream. "Can I stay with Daddy this weekend?"
Tony leaned over, dropping a kiss on top of Peter's head as little hands grabbed at the sleeves on his arm. He had made the doctor check over Peter first, to make sure there was nothing wrong him before letting the Doctor tend to Tony himself. He knew that Steve wasn't too far away, getting his own injuries treated, even though they all knew that he would be healed by days end because of the Super Soldier serum.
"Because that whole situation is going to be fun to handle." Tony turned a little, pulling Peter's body to rest on his stomach, the boy practically dead weight as he slept, snoring softly. "He gets his sleeping habits from Mary, obviously."
"But a lot of information was still lost during the war, and that's the time period that he's from." She wiggled her nose a little. "If I make up a plan, will you look it over, and promise that it won't get shot down right away?"
"What's SR-71's record?" If Tony was going to test this out, and eventually brag about it, he wanted all the numbers.
Tony whirled around, a finger in Steve's face, anger racing through Tony's body. "Don't you dare," he hissed out. "Don't you dare pull him into this. I won't let you use him as a guilt device." His finger was shaking, his hand, his whole arm was shaking.
“Thanks for the reminder, kiddo,” Tony told him, reaching over to grab the dinner jacket by the mirror. He slipped it on and took a second to evaluate it. “Should I go with the tie or the jacket?”
“Hey!” Tony greeted with a smile, making Jamie clap happily, babbling softly. “How are my two favorite blondes?”
“For gosh sake’s, Tony," Mary smirked. "Watch your language!” The adults around the table started to laugh and Steve let his head drop down to his chest.
“How did you become leader of the Avengers again?” Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. “Seriously, how did you manage to hide all of this sass and attitude from Fury?”
"I tried to apply a self-defense technique on him first," she said quietly, pulling her legs out from under her carefully. "I guess it was instinct, both times, and I wasn't really thinking."
That night, they’d stay up with Peter and Jamie, helping them burn off the last of the sugar rush. They’d all be wrapped in a blanket, in the big bed, a movie marathon playing. And when the kids had fallen asleep, Steve would lean over, kiss Tony slowly, tangle their fingers together until they were resting over the sleeping kids. Tony would fall asleep first, and Steve would soon follow, a small smile on his face. There’d be no nightmares that night, and they’d all get the much needed rest owed to them.
"Don't wanna inspire any nightmares?" Steve nodded. "Can't say it's a bad idea. Was that his kid you were just talking, too?"
“Wait, what?” Steve said with a frown, but Wade and Peter were already off to the elevator, Jarvis helping in their speedy escape. Mary just sighed, dropping her face into her hand.
The kids were cheering behind them, towels wrapped around them again, and they had drawn the attention of the others kids, and their parents. Tony raised one hand and Steve lifted the shield, deflecting the water, then leaned out with his own hose, Tony jumping to the side to avoid it. Tony rolled forward and shot one hose upwards towards Steve's face, and the other down towards Steve's knees. His shield was only able to deflect one shot, but Steve had been ready and shot Tony in the back with water.
"Sir, Mrs Fitzpatrick is headed for the front door. She appears to be angry." Tony frowned at Jarvis's words and quickly left, with Steve right behind him.
Pepper sighed a little, and he could picture her rubbing the spot on her nose, eyes closed. “Is he at a therapist’s office?” Steve raised his eyebrows. “How prepared are you for a media storm?”
“Yeah,” Tony said, almost looking a little guilty. “I forgot to turn that down, but you looked so peaceful, like you were actually getting some sleep.” His hand came down to cup his cheek a little after attempting to fix his hair. “You’re gonna be so glad you at least wore pants to sleep, though. Because, hun, it’s nearly lunch time, so we’re all going to be eating.”
"Just stating what I see." Steve reached out, grabbing his towel from the hook next to the shower. "How's your nose this morning?" He stepped out of the shower with the towel around his waist, and tried to ignore the leering look he was getting from Tony.
He held onto Steve's other hand, then leaned up a little to kiss him gently. "I trust you." Steve wrapped his arm around Tony, trapping his hand on the arc reactor between them, and kissed Tony again, deeply, pouring how much that statement actually meant into the kiss. Tony couldn't help but melt into it, knowing that Steve got it. He knew what Tony was giving with the action, knew how hard it was, and he just, got it.
"He wouldn't-" Steve stopped when Coulson looked at him. "Okay, so he might." Steve pulled out his phone when it buzzed in his pocket.
"No, he's a consultant," Mary said, now crossing her arms over her chest. "He's not an Agent, and he doesn't go on missions. He was brought in under the supervision of Coulson and Director Fury. I wasn't working for SHIELD until they were already trying to make contact with him."
"Yup!" Peter pulled out his school pencil, and opened his school notebook. "I have thirty-seven colored pencils now." Peter took care pronouncing the big number. "Daddy said that if I keep my collection growing, and if I do well in Art lessons, then he'll make me my own coloring room at his house!" The little boy was almost bouncing in his seat at the prospect.
Shortly after they ate, and caved in to make sure that Peter had done his homework, and that Jamie was eating her food, Steve had implemented the no clothes rules. No clothes around the house, unless they absolutely had to leave, or if they kids were on video chat. Day two, and Tony was thoroughly enjoying the new rule. At the moment, part of the bed sheet was draped over Tony’s hip, while Steve had pulled another part over his legs.
"Because she didn't want to change her name, and then Peter didn't have to change his name to either Coulson or Stark," Tony said, his voice muffled by Steve's chest. "'Parently Agent doesn't mind." He yawned against Steve. "Peter's down on her floor, so we have some time before we actually have to get up."
Tony lifted himself up as quickly as he could, watching Peter's legs try to take him away from Loki, but he wasn't fast enough. The Asgardian had impossibly long legs and was able to catch up with him. "I want something from you, Anthony Stark," Loki said, not facing Tony yet, intent on catching Peter again. "And I'll give you the, incentive, to do it." He watched him grab Peter's arm, turning him around, the boy crying, looking over at Tony. He was on his feet, running before he knew it. Loki's scepter started to glow blue and Tony was sliding on the ground, landing in front of Peter, the scepter landing on the arc reactor.
"I should have started sucking up to you a long time ago!" Tony aimed a grin at her. "But, seriously, you're looking real good, Rachel."
"No, I have closets in the hallway bigger than this. Your old apartment had closets bigger than this." Tony closed the door and looked out into the living room, catching glimpse of Meg talking to an elderly man who handed her a casserole dish. There was a small couch and one chair situated in one corner, with a TV stand across from it, and in the other corner there seemed to be a crowded desk with smaller storage containers around it, and then a door that he assumed was the main bedroom. Tony pointed to the desk and looked back at his boyfriend.
Bruce studied Tony for a few moments, and he shuffled his foot a little. "I can see it, that's what's changed since last we spoke. You've taken on the responsibility of fatherhood."
But the last ball, it had a faint glow to it. Tony pulled it off the belt, carefully cradling it in his small hands. He carefully climbed down from the chair, never taking his eyes off the pokeball. Captain America had painted the tops of each of his personal pokeballs, including the two that went down with him with the plane. This one was a soft cream color, and he wondered what pokemon had been inside.
Tony hummed a little, taking both opinions into consideration. They would want to see Tony speaking with the people here, that was for sure, and it would look bad either way, even if he had intended to stay for a little bit to talk to some more people. "Ask the others who are staying here," Tony replied finally. "It's their faces that are going to be on TV, and some of them may not be comfortable with it. If they say yes, than they can come in, in an hour." Pepper and Steve looked at him. "I want some time here with them, but I don't want it on camera. What we're doing here, it's not for the cameras, not for any extra publicity."
Steve tightened his grip on Tony a little, dropping a kiss on his head. “I’m kind of a paragon of goodness, so I don’t think that I would be with someone that wasn’t deserving of everything that I wanted to give them. I’m just a little bit in love with you, Tony Stark.”
"Did Tony show you your floor yet?" Bruce asked as they worked in the kitchen. Tony was nowhere to be found, but Jarvis insisted that he would be back before dinner.
"Okay!" Both boys grinned, making themselves comfortable on the big bed. Tony nodded to Coulson and left the room, closing the door most of the way, hearing the excited voices of Peter and Wade talking immediately.
“I’ve got you now,” Steve whispered to him, rubbing his back. “I need you hang on to me, okay? I’m going to get you back home, back to your mom.” Wade nodded against his shoulder, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck when he picked him up. Steve leaned down to one side to grab the shield before moving back up the stairs. He could feel Wade shaking against him, and Steve couldn’t get out of there fast enough.
"A lot of them had cameras," Wade piped up. "And I thought I saw some with microphones, like those people form the news!"
"I think you did very well, Tony," Pepper said. "Usually you create at least two more scandals at impromptu press conferences." One of the Community Center workers came up to Pepper, whispering something in her ear, causing her a little frown. "Some of the major news stations want to bring their cameras in here," Pepper said looking at Tony. "There's a risk of exploiting those in here."
Tony reached up, gently tugging on Steve’s lower lip, pulling him down far enough to replace his fingers with his own lips. “I like the being together thing.”
Peter nodded. "Yup, it's his birthday present." Mary smiled and ruffled his hair a little. Steve leaned over, helping Peter blend the colors again, ("It's a special pencil from Mr Steve!"), and she watched them with a small smile. Mary almost wished that she could bring Steve with them, she had a weird feeling about going to Monaco.
“He told me he doesn’t feel bad about that,” Steve told him. He could feel Tony’s look even if it wasn’t being directed at him. “Although, I think that Todd and Julie dating has been helping Wade worry a little less about his Mom.”
“You bite your tongue, Barnes!” Tony said with an exaggerated gasp and Steve was choking on a laugh. “Steve, I’m sorry, but you can’t be friends with him anymore.”
“That’s something I can do, with ease,” Tony said as he slipped his phone into the pouch around his waist. He started to saunter over towards Peter, full Tony Stark, Billionaire, persona rising up. It was Tony when he was at a charity event, or gala, or doing a press conference. The smile didn’t reach his eyes, usually, and he was so overly polite that most people missed it when he insulted them until it was too late. In a business setting, this Tony Stark was ruthless, more dangerous than Captain America with his shield in the middle of battle.
“That was no mere burger!” Tony exclaimed, and Bucky turned to look at him with betrayed eyes. “That burger brought about the most traumatic ending to an episode of Supernatural!” Meg was nodding along with him.
Steve's hand moved from his hair, sliding against his cheek, thumb rubbing against his cheek bone, and Tony let out a soft moan, feeling it move around his throat, and his eyes almost rolled back at the sensation. "Look at you," Steve whispered, and Tony's felt the words more than heard them, felt move through his body. "You're so,... Exquisite."
"No, no," Mary shook her head. "Just sexism." Tony's jaw dropped a little. "We are severely outnumbered in the Tower, so we're shoring up out defenses."
"There is so much going on, you're right," Tony retaliated. "There is another child involved in this, and you stepped up to take up the mantle!"
"I believe that I have found a weakness in the circuits." An image zoomed in the side of the HUD and Tony flew back up into the air to avoid a spray of bullets.
Mary let out a sigh and nodded. "He is. And I missed some big signs, Steve" The blonde frowned and leaned forward. "We're going to have a lot of ground work to lay out."
"I felt it, Steve," he said with as much seriousness as he could muster in his sleep-ridden state. "I actually felt it pulse. It was weird." Steve couldn't help but frown a little, but then Tony's breathing evened out as he fall asleep, curling around Steve's arm, before sleepily whispering- "Who'm I gonna watch Buffy with?" Steve snorted into Tony's hair softly and closed his eyes.
“Or, we could order some food to the room and not have to leave at all,” Steve suggested, stopping front of Tony and resting his hands on his waist. “I don’t know if I’ve said Happy Birthday enough times today. I could tell you more, tonight, as well. Maybe the kids will get tired early, and fall into a deep sleep-“ Tony pressed forward to capture Steve’s lips in a kiss.
“Have you ever thought about going on stage?” Tony asked, turning a little to look at the elevator door so he could avoid Steve’s glare. “I could see you on Broadway, maybe. Do you think that you could sing for a musical? Maybe we should start off with just acting, a drama, before we jump into a musical. Let you build up-“ Tony yelped when Steve wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him back quickly into his chest. “Is that a no?”
"Core for the arc reactor," Tony said breathlessly, his hand out to Mary. She let him take the new palladium core and insert it into the arc reactor. "Regular double A's don't work as well, sadly." He gave her a little smile, slipping his hand back under his shirt with the reactor. She listened to the click, and then Tony pounded on his chest a little, letting out a cough.
“Mr Steve has a secret sweet tooth,” Tony countered, ripping off a couple pieces of the elephant ear before eating one himself.
“And a kitchen that isn’t the same size as the whole apartment that Bucky and I shared before the war,” Steve nodded. “Where the living room and dining room combined would be the same size of the living room upstairs.” Tony mock gasped, eyes going big. “I know! Shocking, that that’s how other people live!” He chuckled softly.
"He said that his Mama is sick, but his Daddy is in the military, like Uncle James." Peter continued. "But his Daddy isn't a fly boy like Uncle James." Tony nodded. What could a second grader do for another one?
"Are the boys setting something on fire?" He asked, just really not feeling in the mood to talk to anyone.
I do have part of a new chapter written, but I've just had a lot of big, and emotional, decisions. There are plans, but it's trying to get the plans rolling that's really weighing heavy on my shoulders. It's hard to do all the big things that need to be done, in less than a month, when all the money is being funneled into my mom's recovery.
And then, he wasn't flying anymore, he was falling. He let out a shout, the boots shorting out at the top of his arc. At least there was sand below him, not rock, not mountain side.
“I’d like to hope that we can last until tomorrow,” Steve chuckled, wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist. “We can try to distract each other.”
Phil slipped the ring on her finger, then glanced over at Steve as he sat back on the bed, arm around Mary. “Don’t propose with paperwork, Rogers. You wouldn’t be able to pull it off.” Mary cackled with laughter, burying herself in Phil’s side.
“What room are we staying in? Is it big enough for everyone? Does it have-“ Tony ruffled his hair and smiled as he walked up to the front desk.
"I more than like it," Tony said, grinning at him. "I love it. This is my favorite present ever!" Peter giggled and grinned. Tony was sure that he'd be saying that every year, but he was sure that Peter's gifts would always be his favorite. Being able to spend his birthday with Peter would be worth the awkward conversations with Pepper and Happy later.
“Huh,” Tony puffed out, looking at the new DNA results for Jamie. “There seems to be a little bit of acceleration in growth,” he said to himself, but saw Bruce nodding out of the corner of his eye.
"Steve made those, I just iced them," Tony told her. "I can't bake worth a damn. Or cook anything that's not Italian....."
"Did he serve?" Steve whispered to Mary. Peter had never mentioned it, but he needed to know something on how to proceed.
“It’s a good thing you’re single, or someone might be getting jealous.” Mary rolled around from behind the couch, in between the couch and the loveseat. She glanced at Steve briefly, a little smirk on her face. He just raised an eyebrow and made a pointed look at her left hand. Tony didn’t notice any of the looks.
"Whoa! You're not considering this insanity, right? Were you secretly talking to Thor today?" Tony took a step backwards this time. "You can't agree with letting someone go through memories, or whatever they hell they were suggesting."
When Tony glanced over to the side he smirked a little when he saw Steve down on one knee, helping a little girl try to hold up his shield. All the kids had wanted a picture with Captain America, and they petted his shield like it was a beloved pet, or an endangered animal. Steve was a natural with the kids, that much was obvious, and a few of them had been awed when they saw Peter run over to Captain America and immediately be picked up. Tony had a feeling that he would be the coolest kid at school for a while. Wade had tried to sneak off with Cap's shield while he was distracted with Peter. It had been quite a sight when Peter ran over after being put down, the two boys running off with the shield like they were a double headed turtle with a star-spangled shield for a shell. The other kids had giggled while Steve chased them down through the gardens.
Crawling out he ran towards where they came from. "Wherever the loudest boom is, that's probably where Steve is. Steve is, uh, well, your Dad? That's gonna be weird until we talk about this. Anyway, that's where your handsome, DNA originator is." Tony blew out a breath as he found some stairs. "This is the most awkward conversation I've had with a baby. And I had a lot of awkward ones with Peter."
"Maybe not that long," Steve said after a second, realizing that she was indeed talking to him. She got out the car, slamming the door shut probably little harder than usual, and turned to face him. "Less than a minute really."
"No, I expect you weren't." He smiled at Tony. Peter ran over to Tony, lifting his arms to be picked up again, the brunette obliging to pick him up in his arms. "Be a good boy, Peter," his grandpa kissed her forehead. "And if your Daddy needs help-"
"Probably thought that he just had to bide his time, wait out the restraining order for legal sake-" Tony picked up.
"Dummy and You can help you with any other presents for Peter," Tony started to say as he headed for the stairs up to the bedrooms. "And Jarvis can give them directions to help as well. Don't give them anything fragile though, it's why I haven't put Butterfingers on present duty."
"It's fun remembering how to do this," Steve told him, moving his arms a bit so he could take the bottle from Tony. "Bucky's oldest sister, she had a kid, before she moved. I got to hold him a couple of times."
“Mama sits here, and Phil sits next to her,” Peter said as he pat the chair on the other side of her. “And then Daddy sits on the other side of Mama, and you sit next to Daddy.” Peter ran over to the other side of the table, tapping the chairs. “Granma and Granpa sit here, and Uncle Bruce sits across from Daddy, and Uncle Clint sits next to Uncle Bruce.”
Danielle rolled her eyes a little, fondly. “I don’t know your usual habits, how long it could take you to recharge, but I’m going to say that you find other hobbies to work on for at least a week. But, I’ll also recommend that you listen to Steve, because he knows you better. He’ll help you, it’s alright to rely on him for some things, Tony. Can just be little things, shift the little bits of burden from your shoulders to share. He won’t mind, trust me.”
"If I could just get your names, and see some ID," she said putting a clipboard up on the desk with a pen.
Tony chuckled and smiled at him. "I don't think that Daddy knows why that's so important," Mary said as she helped Peter cut his pancakes. "Why don't you tell him?"
"Steve has good taste in friends," she agreed, nodding, as the doors opened for them. Mary pulled him along this time. "Peter wants to show off how he's able to hold a baby."
“My point is, we didn’t do this on purpose, but it’s going to happen. So, the least we can do is protect him when that danger comes calling, like we always do.” Mary looked at Tony, really looked at him, into his eyes and ran her thumb along the edges of the dark circles under his eyes. “When was the last time you slept, Tony?”
“No, not yet, Wade was waiting for me when we got back.” Steve started to strip his clothes off, and Tony made a little growling nose, causing Steve to roll his eyes a little.
The room was painted a medium blue, but the walls were covered in lots of Peter's drawings, actions figures on shelves against the walls as well. He had custom Captain America sheets, and Tony swore that Steve may have blushed a little, seeing the little bit of hero worship from the boy. Tony had let Peter do whatever he had wanted to the room when they first got to New York.
“I wondered if the rumors were true.” Tony jolted up from his spot, arms going out to cover Vee. The man with the eye-patch walked further into the living room. “Everyone said that the great Tony Stark didn’t have a pokemon companion, but I heard that you have taken over Captain Roger’s role with his Eevee.” Vee let out a warning growl from behind Tony, and the man lifted his hands in surrender. “I worked with your Father, Mr Stark.” Vee growled louder.
"When we first met, I was a mess, and you were slightly misogynistic." Tony wrinkled his nose at her words, but didn't deny them. "But in the nearly six years that we have been in each others lives, you have become one of my best friends, Anthony Stark. And that's something I never thought that I would say."
"Doesn't mean that I'm any safer," Tony rasped out. Steve jerked back a little when he saw Tony's eyes. He was afraid. "I still hear that voice. But, last weekend,.... I don't think that it's gone."
"It wouldn't surprise me, I'm a lovable person." Tony leaned his head up a little to grin. "My irresistible charm, and dashing good looks."
"Probably to add his support to the mess that's going on down there." Tony was glad that they didn't have to figure out SHIELD, that was on the still loyal Agents. Tony would just help in tracking down Hydra, for obvious reasons. "I'm gonna start going through Howard's journal today. I might just flip to each page and let Jarvis scan it, honestly-"
The day before they all left for France, Tony was called to DC for a senate hearing, no doubt about the Iron Man armor again. Steve was showing Peter how to blend some of the colored pencils that he had when he caught the headline on a news station.
“Yup, time to get some food,” Tony said with a chuckle, heading towards the kitchen. Steve smiled as he watched them walk away, before heading in the direction that Tony had nodded towards.
"Makes sense," Bruce added. "Howard had used the Vita-Rays to activate Erskine's original formula, give a jump start. If you were working with my base formula, and Howard's notes, that would have the most obvious path to take."
“What we thought were just nightmares, or night terrors, started getting worse. He said that he still heard things, and felt things.” Steve took a little breath. “This thing is still inside of his head, and it’s been using him for some reason. I felt it,” Steve said a little more quietly. “I don’t know what happened, but we had a shared dream. Not the point, but it is what sent him to Strange. I’m not exactly sure what happened there, but….” Steve sighed and opened the door to the bedroom, Mary following behind him.
"It's not for a lack of trying," Steve responded, eyes still closed, enjoying Tony's fingers against his scalp.
"Sorry, Steve," Mary looked at him, still holding Peter who had grabbed her hand to look at her ring. "We didn't want this to take over your birthday."
I do not own anything that Marvel/Disney own. I only own the ideas of plot, and the original characters of Jamie and Danielle.
The only thing Might come up later that's related to the movie, that could possibly be considered a "spoiler" is the correlation between Hydra/Winter Soldier, and the car accident that killed Tony's parents. But i think we all knew that already, (it was a couple other movies as well.)
It didn’t take long for them to clear up the rest of the agents, and the backup that Clint and Natasha had called in, (remnants of SHIELD), were already rolling in, cuffing them and clearing them out of the garage. Tony noted the line of citizens leaning over from the upper floors, and watching from several rows back, and he knew that there was no more privacy for him and Steve. Cell phones were still out, and Steve was still holding onto the shield.
Or more specifically, he could sneak people over. It was the Fourth of July, and Tony had set up a spectacular fireworks display for Peter, but had cleared with all the officials of New York as well. Traditional hot dogs and hamburgers were set up, along with other stuff that Pepper and Rhodey assured Tony was common for the holiday. He just wanted to make up his absence to Peter.
Steve had been a little worried that someone would keep seeing him and think that maybe he was some kind of creep, or stalker. He'd sit with Tony sometimes, too, just trying to make conversation, and then he was left with too many judgmental thoughts about Stark. What kind of man puts himself, and his workers under the spotlight for so long? Just to be stubborn? It was selfish, and there were so many ways that Anthony Stark could have gone around the conflict to end it sooner. Steve sighed a little, reaching down into the little Styrofoam cooler and pulled out a water.
Tony tapped on a door with his elbow on the arm that wasn't holding Peter. "This is Bruce's room." He walked down to the next door. "You can stay in this room right here." Steve reached forward to turn the knob, Tony's arm still in the sling for the time being. "My room is here," Tony said walking across the hallway. "Peter's room is right here," he said, tapping the toe of his shoe against the first door next to his. Steve opened this door as well, knowing that that was where they were headed first anyway.
"I like when Mr Steve is close," Peter confessed, laying his head back down on Tony's shoulder. Tony's hand rubbed Peter's back, humming a song to him, the little boys’ eyes starting to close again. Peter's hand tightened briefly over the arc reactor, covering the blue glow, before he drifted back off to sleep. Steve was positive that he had imagined Tony's barely there reply; "So do I."
Tony pulled from Steve and looked at him. "Just, stop right there." Steve was the one frowning this time. "This isn't my first rodeo, I know what you're doing. You're not the first person to try to talk me into seeking help." Tony pushed himself off of the couch, Steve following him. "You got lucky when I opened up and told you about Afghanistan, but don't you dare try to turn it around on me to try and get me to see a shrink."
"I wasn't sure if you were awake or not," the nine-year-old said as he fell back on his butt on the bed, pulling his legs into a sitting position. "You weren't, by the way." Tony rolled his eyes a little and pulled his blanket over his face. "Is it safe to be sitting on this bed with you?"
“Mean,” Steve mumbled huskily, eyes still closed. Jamie turned excitedly when she heard his voice and started to pat his face with both of her hands. His face scrunched up, but Tony could tell that he was trying not to laugh as well. “Tony, there’s something on my face. Do you mind getting that?”
Steve had known that they had made collectibles after he had gone down with the plane, but he hadn't been aware of how many, and what kinds. He noticed a few empty spots, and remembered what Bruce had told him, how Tony had completed Coulson's set with some of his own. That's when the thought struck him. This was Tony's personal collection. He glanced back at the man in question, and swore he saw a slight flush coming up his neck.
Mary took a couple of deep breaths, in through her nose, out through her mouth, centering herself. "You're right, of course." She paused. "Wow, I never thought I would be saying that to you."
"So no worries there at least. Barton filled us in on what happened with you, and-" he put his other hand on her arm when it looked like she was going to interrupt him, "he's fine, I'll get there. We got Loki and the Tesseract, and we sent both of them back with Thor to Asgard."
"Tomorrow, we're gonna go to the Star Wars stuff." Peter's eyes were dancing with excitement. "I wanna get a blue light saber!"
“I always have valid points.” Tony opened the door to the waiting car, and Steve barely resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “To the jet!”
Tony blinked a little. He hadn't thought of that. "He needed Tony to finish the Serum first, to do the tests," Bruce spoke up. "Don't mess with the only one who's able to figure it out, until you know you don't need them anymore."
"You hate me, don't you? This whole thing just now, it was all an act," Tony complained, wiggling away and off the bed. "Build me up only to taunt me!" He wandered to Steve's attached bathroom.
Stark seemed to be taking in stride though, and Steve wasn't sure how. Even he would have had to have words by now with the reporters. It looked like the man was barely able to move from the car to the door of Stark Industries with all the people surrounding him, and Steve felt a pang of sympathy for the man. He had been through that once, when he was the showman for the Army. But his admirers were kind, they were mostly fans.
“I’m not a huge fan of people in my head, considering that the last few times someone has been in there, it hasn’t exactly been pleasant.”
“Um, do you think that maybe I could call him something like that, too?” Tony’s brain stalled when Peter asked his next question. “Because, he’s really nice, and you love him, kind of like how Mama and Phil love each other, and he’s always looking out for me, and helping me, just like you. And you two are going to stay together for a long time, because you love each other, and it doesn’t matter if you get married right away-”
"Now you've gone too far," Bucky said, throwing his arms up. Steve laughed and moved back towards the forgotten food. "Hydra never even made me do that. And I don't live with them, that makes it sound like things are normal, or that something's happening."
"Who taught you how to bribe? Seriously, I think I need to ruin them, financially, at the very least, because teasing me is illegal." Steve wrapped an arm around Tony's shoulders, then leaned back on the couch to continue watching the show, smiling.
"We'll be watching," the older man told him with a smile. Tony nodded and went next door to his room to change.
Tony heaved in a breath, trying to force his body to move as Stane started to leave the living room. He had had to stop him! He had Peter! The front door opened, then closed again, as Tony threw himself onto the floor, panting for breath.
“And taken for a walk?” Peter finished and Tony narrowed his eyes at him a little. Peter just sent him a grin, teeth and everything.
"It wasn't me," Tony said in a rush, hurrying over to Steve was who was standing back up straight with a confused Jamie. "He wasn't after me." Steve frowned and Tony thrust a piece of paper towards his face. "We stepped in the way of his target."
"I don't see how I can," Steve replied. They needed Loki, and he need to get Stark before he got himself killed.
“I’m saying that you didn’t try that hard. I’m saying that you might be responsible for the passing of two of Steve’s beloved companions.”
Tony started to wrap the whip around his arm, then around his body. He could feel the electricity moving through him now, the suit becoming a nice little conductor, which shouldn't have been possible. He moved closer and closer to the man, until he was right there, in front of him, with no more room to move his whip. Tony swung his left fist, hitting the mans side, then swung the ride, hitting his jaw, and his left again to connect with his gut. Tony threw the man to the ground, the whips becoming loose enough to slid off, and he walked over, grabbing the power supply from the mans chest.
“You said you’re going to make more room in your place, since Mr Steve and Jamie are moving in, right?” Tony nodded as Peter started to talk. He seemed shy about something. “And, you two love each other, right?”
“If that’s something that would make you feel more comfortable, then I can help you pick someone.” She leaned forward a little, and Tony felt himself relaxing just a tiny bit. She was the least intimidating woman he had ever met, and it was throwing him off. “The most important part of coming to the sessions if that you feel comfortable. This will be a safe space for you, Mr Stark, and I won’t be in the least bit offended if you prefer a male professional to a female one.”
"I bought three of them in the next sizes up, so we're readily prepared," Tony said, taking a drink of the water that was at his seat. "Come here, Petey, let's look at the menu, then you can tell them about all the awesome stuff we saw."
Steve hummed and shook his head. “No, it was a smaller base, and they were already clearing out. We managed to retrieve a couple of things for SHIELD, but not the scepter. Coulson’s team is taking care of more searches.” He turned in the bed a little, holding Tony a bit tighter. “No sign of the Enhanced, either.”
“Probably doesn’t hurt that you’re dating Captain America.” Tony raised an eyebrow at her. “He’s very clearly sitting out in my waiting room right now.” Tony huffed a little from his nose. “I won’t lie,” she said, as she leaned back in her chair a little, still the picture of professionalism. “When I saw the name in the books, and I got the advanced papers from your legal team, I did a little digging. I’m surprised you didn’t bring up your children first.” Tony tilted his head a little. “I’m a parent myself, so I know how important a child can be to, basically anything else in our lives.” Tony’s face softened a little at the thought of Peter and Jamie.
“Can you pick me out some clothes?” He asked as he started the shower. “I’m too lazy to come back out!” He heard an exaggerated huff and smiled when Steve threw some clothes at him. “You and Peter can even order dinner together, you know what I’ll eat.”
“Our outfits for the day,” Tony said happily, going for his own. White shirt, teal vest, tan pants, and brown boots, along with a few belts. He was going to be the best looking Flynn Rider out there. Maybe better looking than the paid actor at the Park.
"Have you been looking at schools? Like I told you to so long ago?" Tony smirked a little at the look she gave him. "I get that look a lot, usually from my personal assistant, when she's secretly hoping that I'll just stop talking and generally making her job harder."
There was a cot against the wall, and he had even put a couple of books in there. Thor said he was waiting to gather the energy needed to go back to Asgard, or some such medieval thing, Tony wasn't exactly sure. All Tony had heard was that Loki might be staying there for a little bit, and even Tony wasn't cruel enough to not give someone something to do.
“Never really liked her,” Wade said to him as Peter climbed in the car. “Dad hired her, and Mom never met her. She was usually gone before Mom came home from work.”
Tony looked over at Dr Strange. “There must be a fan-freaking-tastic reason that you’re keeping him hidden, and around.”
Coulson blew the whistle and Jamie let out a delighted squeal. Tony smirked, leaning back in his seat. Mary leaned over his shoulder. “Do you really think they’re going to win after that?”
"You’re supposed to be locating the tesseract," Fury continued. Like his tone was going to stop Tony from hacking.
"I'm going to be okay, Rachel," Tony told her. He raised an eyebrow when he heard low level singing, queuing in on the song playing. "May have gotten a shit hand dealt to me this week, but, I think I just got a new deck, and it's looking more favorable."
"Don't worry about it, Mary," Steve smiled at her. It had taken a bit, but she had finally gotten Steve to stop saying ma'am so often to her. "Peter and I always have fun, don't we buddy?"
Tony turned around the kitchen, headed for the two doors to check them out. Steve knew he was a curious, and nosy, person by nature, but this could work in his favor. He opened one door and saw a cramped bathroom. "This thing is barely wide enough for you to walk into," Tony muttered to Steve. "And could that toilet be any closer to the bathtub? I'm surprised they managed to fit one in here." He closed the door and moved over to the next, pulling the door open, then stopped. "What is this room supposed to be, Steve?"
Mary pulled out two dishes, took the containers, and started dishing out the food. Steve could smell the pasta sauce as soon as she took the lid off, and watched her scoop some pasta on each plate, followed by some meat that looked like sliced chicken, then the sauce over top. Reaching in the fridge she grabbed some shredded cheese, and Steve marveled at the plastic bag a little. The food smelled good, so he trusted her judgement as she spread cheese over the second plate.
"You need me, too." Tony leaned up to kiss him, then wrapped his arms around his neck. Steve slid his arms around his waist, giving him a squeeze.
"I'm gonna go change my clothes," Tony said, trying to get his shirt off without getting dirtier. "And maybe take a shower.... or three."
I have an incredible wealth of knowledge about the MCU, specifically, and I'm a person who really gets into the character study of recurring movies characters, (such as the MCU and Tony and Steve and Bucky), and fortunately for me (unfortunately for you guys), I have some amazing angsty Tumblr posts that reaffirm everything I've been applying to characters. What this means is, I'm going to have to put in more domestic chapters for you guys to make up for what happen in later chapters...... :D
"Tony, this is Sam Wilson," Steve said in introduction, one arm waving towards Sam. "Sam, Tony Stark." He looked towards the man. "What are you doing spying on us, anyway?"
Pulling out his phone, he snapped a picture of the street. The glass globes over the lights reflecting off the glass windows of the little shops still open, couples walking down the sidewalk. Steve lowered his phone, catching sight of a couple with a little boy between them. The boy couldn't be older than Peter, holding the hands of his parents, letting them swing him in the air every other step. He missed Peter. And Tony.
Steve's eyes shot back up to Tony's when he started talking. He wasn't wrong. Mary had taken him out the first couple days after he woke up to get some clothes. He had been a little embarrassed that a woman, that wasn't his mother, had taken him out to buy his 'unmentionables', but he had been assured that it was just his '40's mentality talking. It helped a little that Mary had brought Peter with them, the little boy pointing to a store in the mall that "Daddy goes to all the time." Steve smirked a little, he had his answer thanks to a mini Stark.
Tony couldn't help the little laugh. "Alright, I'll ask, but I make no promises!" Wade whooped and hopped off the bed.
“You’re tact at changing a conversation when you get uncomfortable never ceases to amuse me.” Pepper shook her head a little. “Why are you asking about glasses?”
"Sir, my proxim-" Jarvis was promptly cut off in the middle of his warning, and Tony's arm pulled Peter a little closer. The lights flickered again before going out, the comm in Tony's ear giving a slight static sound before going out. Someone had hit his tower with a powerful EMP.
"Keep going!" He kept his downward movement. His suit would most likely survive, the pilot would not once he hit the ground. He slammed his hand against the chute pack, let out a burst from the repulsor, sparking the mechanism and watched the chute explode and catch air. He let up on the thrust, then turned and headed back towards home, watching the other plane follow it's fellow pilot, knowing he had dropped off radar enough to disappear close to the rocky side of the landscape.
"Did you see the way she reacted just then?" Natasha said taking a step closer to Steve. "That's a conditioned response if I ever saw one."
"Because I don't trust you vultures, to be perfectly honest." He could feel Pepper's tiny frown on the back of his neck. "My son is young, not even in the double digits yet, and I'd like to keep him away from the cameras and reporters for as long as I can." Tony leaned his arms on the podium, putting his weight on them, appearing casual to everyone else. Tony knew that Peter would be watching this as well, everyone at the Manor would be. "You know what, from now on, I'm going to refer to him as Mini-Me, I like that," he nodded to himself. "Let me continue knocking out the obvious questions. No, I'm not married, nor am I dating. Yes, the mother is very much in the picture, and we jointly raise our son together. No, I will not be giving any names, or any other kind of personal information."
“I think they missed each other,” Tony said as he glanced out the still open door. Steve snorted and handed the tablet back to Tony as he unhooked Jamie from her seat.
"Be careful, yeah? I know what kind of missions SHIELD would give to you and Romanoff," Tony said seriously. "I'll keep your room warm for you." Steve smiled and nodded, leaving the workshop. Tony waited approximately three minutes before calling for Jarvis. "Get me the specs of his mission."
"To become another mindless servant, like the rest," Loki said with a tone of carelessness. "I had not expected you to become an unwilling slave, as well." Tony frowned at his choice of words.
"What's it going to do?" Mary asked, taking the notebook from Peter, handing him another one as he switched homework subjects.
Tony mumbled a little. "Supernatural?" The person he was lying on jumped a little when he spoke. "Couldn't make it through the first twenty minutes last time I tried to watch this."
There was some chatter in the background. "Okay, good, cause I'm staring at one right now, and it's about to be blown to kingdom come."
“You’ll have to be a little more specific I think.” Tony let out a little sigh, then attempted to push himself up. That was when he became acutely aware of just how much his body hurt. He pulled in a breath, then felt Steve’s hands there to help him up. “I remember going to Strange’s place, shit, and Loki was there.” Steve dropped a kiss on Tony’s forehead as they got him in a more comfortable position.
“Do I even want to know how you got these so quickly?” Steve asked, looking back over at the outfit. There were some light grey pants and long sleeve black shirt that both felt very light weight and thing, (Steve figured he wouldn’t be sweating that much then), an embroidered silver doublet with red and gold details, a red cape that looked to hang off of the shoulder and not around the neck, black boots, and some black gloves. “You’re dressing me up as Prince Philip.”
"If I didn't already know your AI, I'd say it was weird that you're talking to your house." Tony whipped around when he heard Mary's voice. He staggered a step back when something slammed into his legs.
She chuckled a little over the phone, and Steve felt his eye twitch a little. “Nowhere where I am,” Hilda told him. “Taking him was a repayment, after that I really couldn’t care less where he actually ended up.” Steve growled and the woman hummed. “There’s that fighting spirit. Listen, Captain, let’s not pretend that you don’t know who I am. I’d thank you for taking care of my niece for me, but you’ve been trying to undo all my hard work.”
"I don't actually know that much about the everyday care of small children," Tony hissed as she started to walk away. "Remember, me, not actually there, shadow passing in the night, only stepping up after the kid could walk and talk and pee."
"Neither am I," Steve said evenly. "He's got the same blood on his hands as Loki does. Right now, we've got to put that aside and get this done, to get Peter back." He watched Tony, watched the man glance to the wall where the blood still was. "Now, Loki needs a power source, if we can put together a list-"
"Come on, we gotta go." Tony looked around, maybe there was something that he could put Yinsen on, like a stretcher. "Move for me, come, we got a plan." They had a plan to get out of there. "We're gonna stick to it."
“How dare you sleep for so long,” he retaliated softly. When they let go of the hug he sat down next to her in the bed. “You look a hell of a lot better than the last time I saw you.”
"We have an accord then." Loki smirked as a breeze shifted through the garage. Tony felt a shiver run down his back and he closed his eyes. "Thor, you have already called for the Arbiter, yes?"
"Yeah we do," Tony said with a chuckle. "Alright, Mister, you ready for the surprise?" There was a new exhibit opening at the Smithsonian, and Tony had timed it so they didn't have to wait too long in line. He didn't want to risk being recognized, but he wanted Peter to have fun. It was his son's fifth birthday, and Tony wanted it to be special.
Steve reached over to gently grasp Tony’s chin with his thumb and forefinger, stopping his rambling. “We still have almost two weeks before your birthday. And I think that taking
"Sir has done since the discovery of young Master Peter," Jarvis filled in and Tony grunted a little.
This chapter is a little longer since I made you all wait for long. Life literally buried me, and I still can't see sunlight, but I have a chapter for you! Therrrrre's not a lot of fluff here..... Enjoy!
Jarvis was constantly scanning the area as Tony flew closer, then pinged on the outside of the barrier. "The disruptor has a twenty foot radius," he told them. He could see all the cars on the street that were still parked, and the cars that he been driving down the street and died as soon as they hit the energy field. "It can kill a car, so keep the Jet away."
"Well, it's not an entirely outrageous idea," Steve said as Tony walked back around to take his seat next to Steve. Tony's foot shot out, pulling the two closer. "But, demons?"
Steve saw Phil already in the kitchen, serving out food, while Peter and Wade were sitting at the table. “Papa!” Peter called out happily when he saw him, turning and raising his arms for a hug as Steve walked over. “Is Daddy feeling better?”
"Colonel Rhodes, if you could please hurry to the front room." Jarvis took over, and Tony would later be forever grateful, when his brain had recovered from shock.
Tony's head jerked up though at Jarvis's words. "Put the connection through now, J." Tony slid over to his computer station on the stool he was one, watching the screens pop up as Jarvis made the call. He watched the signals bounce across New York, then over seas, over the Atlantic, through the United Kingdom, France, Italy, and eventually over to India.
"Not yet," Steve said with a shake of his head. "Clint and Natasha are going back to talk to Fury about it, and I'm staying here to keep an eye on Tony." Mary glanced at him as they sat down in chairs in the living room. "In a manner of speaking." She nodded. "But, that's not why I'm down here. Well, Tony is, but not the incident. How is Peter doing by the way?"
"Can you tell me what happened, Peter?" Steve asked gently. He knew he was upset, but he needed to know what happened to try and help Tony.
"For anyone normal, yes," Mary nodded a little. "But, we all know that Tony Stark is not normal. It's alright if you're not all for it and excited like everyone else." Tony wrinkled his nose at her, clearly not believing her words. "I'm serious."
Steve felt himself grinning stupidly again. “I was afraid that it might have been part of a dream, thanks for reminding me.”
"Daddy's a superhero, remember?" Tony said softly, pressing his cheek to Peter's hair. "No one can hurt Daddy. My Petey, I'm sorry."
Bruce let out a little sigh and shook his head. "I'm separating the DNA from the other chemicals right now. Once I can do that I can run the compounds of the serum, and run the DNA through CODIS, and other international DNA databases."
There was a half assembled Iron Man suit hanging from the ceiling, one of the arms already on a workshop table, and Tony was attacking it with a soldering iron. This suit was looking different already, white and grey, instead of the usual red and gold. There was no helmet yet, but Steve longed to get a look at the Mark number. He was starting to see too many suits, too quickly.
"You're going to do it." Her eyes widened a little at Tony's words. "Go to the central console, open up all the circuits." She was already moving, running inside of the building as he gave directions. "When I get clear of the roof, I'll let you know, you're going to hit the master bypass button. It's going to fry everything up here."
"No," Steve shook his head. "I wouldn't have stayed here if I really meant everything I said up on the Hellicerrier," he said quietly, taking a step closer to Tony. "You were right though, about me, taking care of Peter. Before, becoming this, I had always thought that I never would have a family, and afterwards, there was just the war to think about." Steve looked to the side, his hands slipping down on Tony's arms. "When I woke up, Mary gave me a choice, and time to think. I could do just about anything that I wanted, and there was that option. And then I met Peter, and he was just, he was so amazing, and I swore to protect him with everything in me."
"I don't know if you can call it a habit anymore." Pepper took a sip from her own glass, watching him.
There was a beat of silence in the car as they drove, Mrs Fitzpatrick eyeing Tony. "So, can I assume that we'll be having Peter's favorite for dinner tonight?" William asked, smiling. Tony couldn't help but smile back before nodding.
"Is this a submarine?" Steve asked. When he had arrived they had just stayed in the water. It wouldn't be out of place for a carrier to be in the water, for SHIELD to have a mobile base.
There were several plates on the table. "I went for a kind of buffet style, thing. There's some chicken gnocchi soup, and some caprese bruschetta mini sandwiches, along with an antipasto plate. I tried for some blueberry clafouti, and some beignets for a dessert." Tony wasn't sure if Steve understood any of what he said, he had been talking so fast. Steve was leaning in closer to the clafouti dishes. "It's a French dessert, like a cross between a flan and a cheesecake, but not really a cheesecake, cause it's more creamy than anything, and soft, and I just really like blueberries."
“Seems like it would just make sense,” Tony said with a little shrugs, trying to stay casual about it. “Julie’ll be in the hospital for nearly a week this time, so he should just have his own room with us. Plus, there’s some kind of kid friendly art market some or other happening upstate. Should be relatively paparazzi free, for the most part.”
“I think I’ll take some butter pecan today,” Steve said, his lips turning up a little at Tony’s outraged look.
"You boys are starting to get too big for this," he grunted as he made his way towards the reception area. That was inside. Tony hadn't wanted to take any weather, insect, or bird related chances with the food. Dancing was always more fun inside anyway. "Wade, you already reach my waist!"
Jarvis must have warned Pepper, because Tony never saw her when they all returned. He had been able to fix the pokeballs, but waiting for Captain Steve Rogers to come back to the Tower to do that. All the years that he waited to meet the man, hoping that his Dad and Aunt Peggy were right, and that the man was still alive. Then wishing that Captain America had never existed, and regretting it when he saw Vee.
"We're getting the transportation ready," Steve told him, glancing down the hall. Tony could hear the boots of Fury coming, and assumed that Agent Hill would be right behind him. Steve glanced at Tony, silently reminding him to try and keep his cool, they couldn't jeopardize their plan yet. Tony just gave him a nod.
