John’s mind had wandered back to earlier, thinking on how it had felt, Sherlock sucking at his neck. It had made him wonder what Sherlock’s mouth might feel in other places. He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, trying to steady himself.
Moriarty leaned back in his chair and watched as yet another drug deal passed in the far corner of the cafeteria. Just fine. More information for him. Easier targets. He smirked and brushed at his cuffs to ensure all lingering crumbs had disappeared.
Sherlock's expression didn't change. He might not be an extremely positive man, but John knew he normally expressed more happiness in light of a solved crime.
"No, not completely," Sherlock agreed. "But you care about me, John. Very few people ever have before. I've built something with you…a connection I suppose. And through it I can find a means of feeling…a means of loving. All that I've tried bottling up before comes flowing out of me through you." He paused and gave a wry smile. "In the interest of not sounding like I'm writing a blog post extolling your virtues, I'll simply say that the rules don't apply to you, John. I care for you. I want you. I…love you."
I began my speech, stumbling over the words and botched the whole thing. But she was smiling all the while, not minding my clumsy attempts at asking her for her hand. Just as I was finally managing to put words to my feelings, however, was when the waiter bumbled back over blabbering about the wine.
“So,” she said, eyes never leaving the screen as he sat down. “I hear you were terrorizing Mrs. Hudson’s class…again.”
He swallowed, brow furrowing as he remembered the rest of it, detail clear as day. His one fatal mistake.
He gave the pertinent information before returning to the sitting room. And that was when he found Sherlock slumped on the floor, Irene standing over him smiling.
“Deny what?” John asked, swallowing as he tried again to find somewhere to settle his eyes. Sherlock was the best option.
Stumped, he realized his options were limited. He didn’t know enough about phones to manage to figure out what she’d done. But he knew enough about Irene Adler to know this was a game for her, and the best thing to do in these circumstances was to stop ignoring her and start playing.
Sherlock was at the window, playing his violin. He set it aside as John entered, glancing up with question in his eyes.
He went back over to the chair, picked up his coat and scarf and strode towards the door. John sighed and got up as well.
“Don’t,” John said, some of the warmth leaving his face, eyes hardening. “Don’t you dare lie to me. Now, tell me the truth.”
Also warnings for mentions of non-con....nothing graphic but definitely hints of that idea if that bothers you... might be other things too but I can't think of anything. Let me know if you spot something you think needs a warning!
“Hey, it’s all right,” Donovan said. “Come on, let’s get a drink and dance or something. There’ll be other girls.”
Irene thought for a moment and then she smiled. Well, if Moriarty had become her enemy, her enemy’s enemy had just become her friend.
“I swear, he’s been acting weird for months now. And I didn’t believe that experiment excuse on the love bite shit. You sure you don’t know if he’s seeing anyone?”
I’d asked him to stop being dead. That first miracle was all I’d really hoped for. I never expected a second in somehow managing to have him love me in return.
Be warned I know next to nothing about ballet, so apologies for inaccuracies. I did two years as a child and that is the extent of my knowledge.
She listened to his footsteps on the stairs before looking back at Sherlock still cradling his violin close.
Did she have to go into dirty details about all of her conquests? John wrinkled his nose at the thought. Why men enjoyed that sort of thing was beyond him. Though for some reason that sent an image of Sherlock bound to the bed naked, and he had to quickly dismiss the thought before he got himself into real trouble. He could picture Irene leering at him and his hard on. God, better to just sit tight and not think right now.
Sherlock blinked a few times. “There’s nothing wrong with sexual desire, John. I understand some people have notions of homosexuality being morally wrong, but I don’t see a problem in you feeling interested in another man.”
I was cut off by his mouth pushing insistently to mine, nose knocking briefly before he found a more comfortable angle. I didn’t protest this time as his tongue snaked its way inside. While kissing another bloke was different, it didn’t feel wrong. Especially when I knew who this was, that this was the man who had managed to somehow ensnare my affections after all this time.
“Up the stairs, third floor,” she instructed. “I’m heading off to answer another call. But Greg should be there.”
. The disgusting pig deserved to know that he wouldn’t sit idle after seeing Mrs. Hudson injured, or his best friend threatened.
“You know that beauty is a social construct,” Sherlock huffed. “Honestly, Irene I thought I’d convinced you on that.”
“Well, John, why not see if Ms. Adler can read her clients right. Besides, I…trust you,” Sherlock said, standing up brushing his hands nervously over the top of the chair. His gaze went back to Irene. “Here fine or shall we go to the bedroom?”
A/N: I decided to jump a bit because otherwise I feared it really would start dragging. Figured the past chapters gave some idea of what’s been happening between first meeting Irene and the Christmas Eve party.
“If I give you money,” he said in a low voice. “I expect results. Standing there watching him ruin my car doesn’t count as a date.”
Molly smiled and shut her book before standing up. “Well lucky for you, Sherlock is at dance class until five o’clock. Should be plenty of time to rummage through his room.”
For the most part, he’d lived a fairly sexless life. As a boy one or two girls had approached him, but he’d never had much interest in them. Occasionally a more intelligent one would intrigue him, but the draw was rarely if ever sexual. And then of course, as a youth he’d considered boys…and had to admit if he was to act sexually those seemed slightly more appealing to him in some ways. He’d had a boy he’d liked back in secondary…a few years older than him and particularly gifted in school. He remembered being somewhat enthused at the prospect of spending time with him, happy in their platonic relationship when they’d gone out one night after a study session…but altogether confused when the boy had attempted to kiss him.
His attention was caught by an attractive girl walking by. She was wearing jeans and a cardigan, her hair pulled back into a ponytail. Many might have passed her over as plain, but her features were delicate and she had a smile on her face. He looked her over appreciatively.
“Then why are you making my decisions for me?” Sherlock snapped. “Why can’t you trust me to figure out what I need for myself for once?”
He went back out to the sitting room and apologized saying he didn’t think Sherlock was feeling well. The rest of them did their best to still enjoy some drinks and food and gift giving. But there were several uncomfortable glances shared throughout the evening. Molly left not too long after the gift exchange, saying she’d been called in to the morgue. She gave her apologies and said goodbye.
“Ohhhh,” Kate said with a laugh. “Yes I had forgotten her. So you had her record him when he came for sex? Very clever, mistress. So, what’s next? Some pictures of love bites can’t be all you’re planning.”
“Really?” the boy said, sitting up a little straighter. “I know your brother doesn’t really let you date. But I thought if it was for class…”
Maybe, “Skank shows up for second time, Sherlock falls all over himself to impress.” No perhaps, “The Slutty Fugitive”? No, even that didn’t do it justice. He almost growled as he thought again of the woman in the bathroom. He should have refused to allow her to stay. Why hadn’t he?
She smiled. “Ultimatum yes, leaving you…well that depends. I’m telling you I want you to consider things before you actually pop the question…and yes I expect you to do it properly. I know how important tonight was to you, and I don’t mind you finding some other nice way to do it.”
He knelt before her and ensured himself that she was relatively unharmed, mostly just shaken. Her sobs wracked him though. She could have been killed. His jaw clenched at the thought.
He hardly noticed when they arrived at the airport. He was still puzzling through John’s motivations. To deny his feelings yet participate in all that…to pretend it meant nothing to him. Why? The obvious answer hung in the balance. Sentiment. Something he still felt he’d never understand. But Molly’s answers weighed on him. And he knew the moment he returned to Baker Street he needed to press for some actual understanding.
Sherlock shook his head, and again his eyes seemed to be surprisingly warm, a half-smile still in place.
"Veronica, darling, I'm afraid I'll be needing your help," Irene purred. "Be a dear and go pick up a guest of mine. Head over to Baker street and I'll explain to you on the way."
When he returned from his night out, John found the flat empty. One glance at Sherlock's bedroom door thankfully confirmed it was open and unoccupied. Well, that was a relief at least. Good to know that he and that
“I have,” I admitted, but I was unwilling to allow him to make any other smartarse remarks, so I pulled his mouth to mine and kept it there for a good long while. I called Mary about an hour later, apologized, and assured her that I would unfortunately have to call off our upcoming engagement. I’d found the person I wanted to spend the rest of my life with… I stared down at him while I spoke, watching those familiar eyes glitter as he listened to my little farewell speech.
Donovan stared at him for a long moment. “And people wonder why I’m interested in women.” She strode down the hallway towards their next class. “And I thought your intentions for Molly were all good and pure?”
“He’s interesting,” Irene said. She took a seat on the couch nearby and smiled. “I need more interesting in my life.”
Of course her thoughts were halted when her new burner cell began to ring. She reached for it and picked it up. She didn't recognize the number and decided to just let it go to voicemail. Besides, no one should have her number?
She stood a bit straighter and glanced at her phone one last time before tucking it away. It did no good to linger on these things. She'd get back what she needed, appease Moriarty, and then there would be time to go and try to make things up to her beautiful lover. But for now if she couldn't have her own beautiful romance, she'd settle for making sure her two idiots got theirs.
The knock came again, more forcefully this time. Irene stood frozen only a moment before jerking to action, loosening Kate’s bonds and grabbing for her gun on the bedside table.
I nodded and set the bags down to go turn the blasted thing off. I hoped she didn’t notice my eyes were a bit wet. But being Mary, she obviously did.
“I’m not sure,” she said. “Theories abound you must understand, but I don’t know for certain. Most just think he became tired of being a decent person….”
John raised a brow, wondering where she’d gotten that information. He hadn’t talked to her much recently. Sherlock had been doing more cases by himself and as a result he hadn’t gone to Bart’s quite so frequently.
. Moriarty, her kind of man. No. There was only one man Irene had admitted to liking. He’d asked for something. He was calling her bluff. She’d given him information. She hadn’t wanted to, but she had.
I tried not to sigh. I’d expect that of course. His answer had seemed unlikely even at the time. Still, hearing the truth made it a bit harder.
“You think she’s my girlfriend because I’m x-raying her possessions?” Sherlock asked, blinking a few times to let the idea settle. Good god, did people in love really act so absurdly?
As we lay there, doing a bit of “pointless cuddling” as Sherlock called it, I decided one last thing had to be said.
He did his best to absorb details while both confused and aroused. But of course, his name drew him out of his reverie.
He thought a moment. Everything in him wanted to use logic. But of course that wasn’t a possibility in the criterion.
“The hint then if you please,” Sherlock said. He too had moved a hand up to his mouth, though only to brush a knuckle over his lips. John studied him a moment, wondering what that meant. Had he found it disgusting? Was he reminiscing what it felt like? Sherlock seemed practically asexual. Even now he didn’t seem the slightest bit bothered by Irene’s nudity, eyes fixed on hers rather than anything else. John shifted his gaze on the floor. Too much temptation in one room…too much confusion.
He put out his palm and waited. Sure enough, five twenty pounds were placed neatly in his hand. He crumpled them up and shoved them into a pocket.
The small bits I admitted to my therapist had been helpful. We’d gone over grieving and moving on. Regrets were apparently just part of the process, and I’d have to deal with them to some level anyways, but especially now all things considered.
Sherlock’s face was stony, nearly impossible to read. John eyed first him then Irene again. She couldn’t be serious, could she? After everything was she still set on this bizarre power trip? That had to be what it was. Her getting her rocks off at the thought of forcing them to perform sex acts. Though something glittering in her eyes put John on edge. Perhaps there was more to her sinister plan.
My other dreams were worse, driving me barmy with each additional one. For example, me sitting in Baker Street, in my usual chair. Him strolling in wearing only that sheet from the case with
She didn’t think Sherlock had ever explicitly told her, but did it matter? Everything about him made it rather obvious.
Sherlock was silent for a moment. It was easy enough to see his brain working even if he wasn’t speaking. His eyes flicked over to John.
“Christ, Sherlock. I care about you,” John said. “And I’ve been trying to figure out the right way to say those words for the last few months, myself. So while they were a bit unexpected in the moment, they weren’t unwelcome.”
He found his mind wandering even as he continued to stare. John…the mere thought of him. It sent him into some place where he was incapable of reason. He almost smiled but had to stop when he noticed Molly staring at him,
“What noise?” Sherlock muttered, still continuing to pull his newspaper higher. Being evasive, but John was used to that.
Lestrade snorted. “Good point. Well, gonna grab myself a drink and go try some of those sweets Mrs. Hudson made then.”
All this conversation was doing was making Irene feel more confident in herself, John could see that. With every passing moment letting him know she knew exactly what the record keeper
He paused momentarily and cleared his throat. “As a child I felt stupid next to Mycroft of course, but there is only one man who has ever made me feel that perhaps my sense of knowledge is not all there is to the world. Perhaps there is something more in humans, in emotions, in friendships, in…love.” His eyes found me and he gave the slightest smile. “I couldn’t stop thinking about you, John. No matter what I did. Poor Molly had to decline coming a second time I was so awful…kept calling her your name…kept wanting her to be more like you.”
“Sherlock, so good to see you back,” Angelo said, setting a candle on the table without even asking. “What can I get you two tonight?”
. He stared at it. He couldn’t have miscalculated could he? No. This was Irene’s heart. He was certain of it. All her ramblings about love and disadvantages. Her elevated pulse. Her dilated eyes. Wasn’t that the answer?
“Show there’s no attraction. For example…kiss,” Irene’s eyes glittered as she stared at the two of them. John shifted in his seat, Sherlock was busy staring at the floor with his eyebrows furrowed.
No. No, he doesn’t Mary. He has no idea. Nor do you, really. You know I care for him. But you have no idea the agony I’ve suffered.
. And dance he had. Dancing around his feelings. Skirting around his jealousy as John brought home girl after girl. Dancing around the possibility of what a future might be like finally having someone. Knowing he wasn’t really a freak after all.
Sherlock was pushing past others, heading deeper into the house. John smirked as he watched him, wondering what the other boy was up to. This was going to be an interesting experience. Sherlock Holmes at a party.
His mind wasn’t on the conversation. He was still thinking about the brush against Irene Adler’s wrist. He knew full well what this meant. It was simple. All too simple.
“What? Sorry, what?” Molly said, lowering her drink. John took that as his cue to have another sip of his.
“Well…there is one problem,” Molly said. “Er…I suspect the girls would be…problematic. I’m not…he’s never told me directly…but there’ve been rumors and it wouldn’t surprise me if…well I think he’s probably gay.”
Moriarty considered. Admittedly, he probably could forget her. She was nothing to him really. A convenient pawn in the game with Sherlock. A cute little target for him to have some fun with. There were surely half a dozen other cute virginal girls for him to break. However, he’d been challenged to have her. And he still knew that she might be the final piece in breaking Holmes once and for all. And honestly, seeing Sherlock Holmes fully break would be… just what he needed. So yes, having her accessible was useful.
This time he opened. Soft and easy, pulling Sherlock into the motions of a deeper and more intimate kiss. One of Sherlock’s hands reached out to caress his face. Their tongues touched, lingered, tasted. His heart was pounding, unable to settle even as he kept the kiss tender. John felt as if he was dreaming again. Like he had on Christmas Eve thinking of him, and Sherlock in bed…God why couldn’t this be real?
Still, the point was he was confused by what had happened yesterday, but that didn’t mean he needed to linger on it. Sherlock shoved the door of those embarrassing boyhood memories closed and looked up to see why John hadn’t answered him yet on the potential substances Irene had used.
By lunch hour of the next day, Donovan nudged him on the way to the cafeteria and instead motioned towards the back of the school. Lestrade followed her down to a small dead-ended hallway in the basement. Five boys were waiting for them.
“Then what?” John asked, doing his best to keep the edge out of his voice and mostly failing. “Aren’t we at a stalemate if that’s the case? She won’t just give you the codes. You won’t surrender the phone. Neither of you will get what you want. How can this possibly end all right?”
I let out a laugh and leaned into him. I closed my eyes, and knew for the first time in months, if I had a kip there on the couch, Sherlock would be there when I woke up. This wasn’t some dream to end after I woke, it was a present reality I grabbed hold of without a second though. And hopefully it would continue to be so for many years to come.
It might be a bit til the next update. I'm going on vacation for a week, so no promises on when then next one will be up. Just keep an eye out!
And then he was on the plane, wandering the aisles, staring down at passengers who were far too still. For a moment he thought they might be mannequins. But it quickly became apparent they were anything but.
Irene smiled. “No. I can’t deny it. But it is a bit more fun when it’s merely shocking people, not risking your own neck with the possibility of being shot at. Men and there guns. Silly things.”
“That’s not—” I sighed. Of course he’d make this even harder. “The truth is I’ve been wanting to do that for a long time, Sherlock. And it is true, the heightened emotional state brought that out…but it didn’t
. God, people just want to make it straight or gay always don't they?" He let out a humorless laugh. "I'm interested in both I guess. Have been for a while. Hate people assuming one way or the other. I'm interested in men and women and that's that. I always have been."
He stepped closer, hand catching my face like it had always done in my dream. His fingers that looked so graceful holding a violin now cradled my cheek gently, brushing their calloused tips over my jawbone as he stared at me.
I sighed and rose to my feet to go over to him, putting a hand on his arm to stop further words from streaming out.
John shrugged and took another sip of his drink. Well, he hated to make that sexual image his motivation, because he already had more than enough, but he did admit it really really couldn’t hurt.
“She had an item in her possession, one she said her life depended on. She chose to give it up,” Sherlock said. He enjoyed puffing the various chemicals into his body, allowing the smoke to relax him. He could use one after tonight. Regardless of Mycroft’s intentions he was going to enjoy the rare opportunity to have a cigarette, even more so if it played against whatever Mycroft was trying to prove.
"So sorry, Mrs. H," John managed to shout before making the rest of the dash back towards the bedroom.
Adler’s eyes fixed on him. “Oh, no denials then? Well well, I knew I had it right. And why must I put something on. What’s the matter? Feeling exposed?”
“What happened?” Kate gasped. She wriggled on the bed, trying to get more comfortable with her arms bound to the headboard as she knelt. The only clothing she wore was a silk blindfold, but otherwise she was nude. Irene had pondered a gag but was glad she’d left it out.
Irene distracted him from his thoughts by tossing a towel his way. She was busy straightening up the dressing robe, and he suspected she’d been enjoying watching. But of course, he refocused on Sherlock before he could think on it too much. John cleaned himself and his friend before he did Sherlock’s trousers back up carefully. After a moment he pulled away, even as Sherlock sat back on the couch, still regaining his breath.
“I cannot believe you right now. My first chance to possibly have a boyfriend and you mess everything up.”
I spun to see his form amongst the trees, hidden a bit in the shadows, but there nonetheless. Sherlock. I could barely breathe.
He heard the door open and quickly put out the cigarette. He slid it into the trash before returning to his seat, doing his best to act nonchalant.
Sherlock nodded. Smarter than trying to navigate stairs. He sat up some, doing his best to push most of John’s body weight off of himself. He managed to get John to stand up, though he was swaying on his feet, eyes fluttering open and closed.
His eyes strayed back to Molly. She was smiling, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. He felt himself swallow, heart beating a little faster as he gazed at her.
"I'm sorry if things didn't go right," John finally managed. "Well, with you back I'm heading to bed. Have a good night."
A quick trip over to her tech savvy masochist might have helped, but she already knew it was too late. Thousands had already seen the information. Removing it would do nothing.
“I’m done,” he muttered and jerked out of Donovan’s grip. Time to go find John and call the whole thing off.
“Please,” Sherlock said again, chest heaving. “Please, John. I…I beg of you. Your…your hand at least. Please. I’m begging. Mercy. John. Please.”
After a minute that felt more like an hour, Irene lifted the phone up and listened to the message that had been left.
Mrs. Hudson was standing there looking at him. “That really wasn’t very good, was it?” she said, obvious pity in her gaze.
Those words for some reason made him notice an inconsistency. Jim Moriarty sends his love. And yet earlier she’d given
However, as they were pulling away, he looked up to see John’s face in the window. In the darkness he couldn’t make out an expression, but the curtain pulled back a moment later and then the light flicked off. Sherlock felt something in his stomach twist painfully, and then Lestrade was pulling away from Baker street, and he did his best to forget.
I came to with paramedics checking me over. It didn’t take long before they were satisfied, and Mary was helping me to a cab to head home. I asked her about Sherlock, and she made a face and said he’d headed off once he had word that I was going to be fine.
He turned to stare at a woman in an elegant black dress. Her long silky hair and attractive features caught his attention almost immediately. Her entire carriage seemed to suggest sex. She smiled and he almost groaned. God why didn't he wank before he left the place?
“Very good why?” Sherlock asked. “I still don’t see what reason he’d have to… come on to me… as you might say.”
God he needed to stop thinking like that. But it was so hard. Imagining Sherlock naked…that pale sculpted chest and those gorgeous long legs and his—
“He’ll confront what’s there eventually. But this isn’t checkers, Kate. This is chess. This involves set up and planning and watching the other players’ moves very carefully. And after those are determined—we strike.”
“Holmes is hardly of importance,” Moriarty sneered. “Even the Ice Man. I want her. And I’ll have her.”
And now she was truly lost. She heard Mycroft clear his throat behind her and turned. It was difficult to face him knowing there were tears on her face, but she still knew she had to.
“So, good work on the information,” Irene said with a sigh, flopping down in another chair. “However, I actually have some news I’d be willing to impart to you…provided I’m given compensation.”
“What—” John’s voice broke somewhat and he concentrated on getting his words out in a normal tone. God he shouldn’t be thinking about that kiss but he was. “What’s up, Sherlock?”
He took a moment to think about what he was going to say. But after a moment, he finally found the right words.
There was a fraction of a second where Sherlock pondered if this was perhaps the dream he’d been wanting. Maybe he was dreaming all of this. Perhaps this was merely another nocturnal emission and he’d awaken to find himself sticky and Johnless…
“Tell you? You’re too blind to read the signs. The burglar is in the room with us at this very moment.”
“You’ll what darling? You just showed me your hand and you’ve got no cards left to play,” he said. “So, why don’t you just be a dear and get the job done for dear daddy Moriarty. Then you and your pretty plaything can have all the time you want.”
John tried to resist rolling his eyes. Wasn’t that obvious? She was a sex worker. A dominatrix. Honestly, he needed to make Sherlock watch more films. Maybe then the man would understand the whole role of femme fatale.
“So,” she said after a moment. “Here’s your basic breakdown. Over there, the typical social elite. Don’t even bother talking to them unless they address you directly.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at the words, even as he became aware that John’s mouth was moving a bit, though no sounds were coming out.
Kate was quiet for a moment, her gaze softening as she looked Irene over once or twice for any signs of deception. Irene just turned back to the fire, unable to look Kate in the eye.
I nodded, but I couldn’t voice the rest. For a moment it was like he was there. I really could picture him laughing at me, thinking how funny it was I’d actually believed he was dead. But imaginings do me no good, really. So, I let the issue drop and started helping Mary make something for dinner.
She laughed. “Oh dear God. Look at the poor man. You don’t actually think I was interested in you?” She crossed her arms and stared directly into his eyes. “Why? Because you’re the great Sherlock Holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat?”
He looked over to a group in the corner of the cafeteria. Lestrade noted they all were well dressed and appeared to be engrossed in work rather than much social interaction.
“Fine,” Irene said. He was right, she had no bargaining power anymore. However, a thought did strike her. “Though I think you’ll appreciate if I take my time a little…you see…I’m trying to play a little trick on Sherlock…”
Her heels clicked as she walked, marching over the pavement, heading into the night. If only it could swallow her up. What she wouldn't give to disappear now.
John wondered for a moment if he was going to kiss him again. Maybe? Was it possible? But part of him knew Sherlock probably had been telling the truth when he’d said it was just for a case. Married to his work. Yes, that made sense. Kissing John for work. Not for pleasure. Not out of desire for him or anything else.
“Oh don’t worry, just a bit of something to make him sleep.” She turned to leave, but John caught her arm.
He stepped closer, hardly able to breathe. John’s hands were brushing along his sides, one coming to rest lightly on his hip, drawing teasing circles.
It got to be New Year's, and John was growing steadily more fed up. As though the months of dealing with Sherlock being insufferable hadn't been enough, now he had to put up with the reality that the death of Irene Adler had devastated Sherlock. That no matter how much he wanted the detective, he'd never be enough. If only his dreams could be real…
“What are you getting him involved for!” Lestrade hissed as soon as Donovan had passed out of the cafeteria.
The door downstairs closed, and Sherlock sighed. Perhaps he should find something to distract himself with. Anything to not think about John probably going over to Shannon’s and begging her for sex. Sure, apparently it hadn’t been going well judging by the more regular times Sherlock heard John wanking in the shower, but that didn’t mean John wasn’t going to attempt intercourse with her tonight.
“No,” Sherlock said, glaring at him. “That was your decision, not mine. I wish to continue dancing. And I will if I want.”
“You’re not so bad,” she said, still looking him over quite hungrily. God, John just wanted this all to be over. He just wanted it to go back to him and Sherlock solving crimes without his stomach tying itself in knots every time Sherlock looked at him, or his jaw clenching every time he looked at Irene.
"I'd tell you myself, but I doubt you'd listen," Irene said with a smirk. "And I'll figure something out without your help. It's you who needs help if anyone."
“What about?” I muttered. I came over and sat down on my side. She got up and moved so she could be a bit closer. I wrapped an arm around her.
She was in a state of disbelief. She had somehow thought it would all pan out. Giving information to Jim. Giving information to Sherlock. Getting her demands from Mycroft. And with the money and her new protection, she’d hoped maybe she could find Kate…beg her. God she would beg for that woman. A thousand times over she’d ask Kate to be hers again.
John considered. It was true that money was tight. And that video being released, well that would do no good either.
John grunted and suddenly jolted forward a little. Sherlock was instantly aware of the hardness rubbing against his leg. Oh that was good. He moved his leg a little to adjust better to John’s need. The other man let out a moan, and Sherlock smiled. Apparently he wasn’t altogether terrible at this.
“One of the things he liked was showing off. He told me this email was going to save the world. He didn’t know it, but I photographed it.” She passed the phone over to Sherlock, nodding to whatever was on the screen. “He was a bit tied up at the time. It’s a bit small on that screen – can you read it?”
“He’s…abnormal. What if he never dates?” Molly asked, voice rising another octave as she stared at her older brother.
“I’m fine,” he managed. “I rather let the moment get the better of me and the words that slipped out…” he paused and cleared his throat, “it was a mistake.”
John tried his best to not make things any more awkward than they needed to be, but the cab ride to the crime scene was rough. Sitting next to Sherlock, remembering what they’d done only shortly before. He’d try to subtly eye the detective, and thankfully Sherlock seemed to be off in his own little world, not paying a speck of attention to what John chose to do.
Sherlock ignored her and passed through. John thanked her before following up after, reaching up to straighten his collar. Hopefully it wouldn’t slide or anything. Couldn’t have people like Donovan knowing what he and Sherlock had been up to earlier.
“Except you let John know that you were alive,” Sherlock said, shooting him a look. “And therefore me.”
“Mmm…really. I suppose I did sort of expect that. He strikes me as the jealous type. Hence some of my strategies,” Irene chuckled. “I’ll have to go watch the recordings. I’m sure they’re amusing.”
“Are you sure you took it off here?” he asked. “I mean, you said you were tired, any chance you forgot anything?”
“Sherlock,” John called with a sigh. Did he have to choose now to bloody wander off? They needed to have this talk. It’d been long overdue.
“I should have done something like this months ago,” Irene moaned, head falling back as she let arousal and desire overwhelm her. She turned back towards Kate. It seemed a bit unfair to require so much of her in such a short time, but the other woman appeared equally aroused an interested by the activities on screen.
“No,” Kate said with a sigh. “Those two just still can’t seem to realize what’s going on. I’m getting sick of watching pathetic sex between John and Shannon. How long are you going to let that go on?”
She stalked off leaving him to shake his head and grumble that he didn't need a bloody ride like a child. But at the same time he wasn't exactly near a good place to hail a cab. So another awkward ride with Veronica it was. He cursed his rotten luck as he strode off towards the car, trying to already plan out what the hell he should say to Sherlock when he finally had the chance.
He moved up to claim Sherlock's mouth in a kiss before breaking to grab a condom. After sliding it on and lubing himself he looked at Sherlock again. The man spread his legs a little more.
She’d been wandering London’s streets. All of her safe houses had been discovered. Her few contacts were becoming more limited as Moriarty’s terror grew. At this point where did she have left to hide?
"Composing?" he asked, doing his best to smile even though he didn't feel the slightest bit happy at the moment. How could he with Sherlock acting the way he was?
Thankfully, I’d only downed a couple before I saw her. This gorgeous brunette. I’d noticed it was a problem sometimes. When I was thinking of him…I would just try to find the girl who looked the most like him. Tall and lean, not too curvy. However, usually the fantasy would die out around the moment she opened her mouth. I’d even made a move on a guy once with a slight similarity, though that turned too weird for my liking far too fast.
“Hmm, wish a happy New Year to Mycroft for me,” Sherlock muttered with an eye roll before stalking off towards his residence. He could picture Lestrade’s shocked expression, but he didn’t particularly care. John wouldn’t have said anything, so it wasn’t too hard of a deduction to make.
It felt like his heart had stopped beating. John blinked a few times and took a step back, trying to ground himself in reality. Was this another of his dreams? Would Sherlock pull his shirt off in the next minute and demand they have sex? Because that sure would confirm it. No, this couldn't possibly be real.
He squirmed beneath the sheets, groaning. Her eyes widened as she watched his hand move beneath the sheet. Oh yes. Yes! Her breathing sped up, warmth growing in her belly as she watched the detective begin to touch himself.
“I assure you, the pleasure was all mine,” Irene said with another gorgeous smile. She winked once and left Sally to wonder why she’d ever decided to help Greg in the first place. She gave  along sigh before making up her mind.
He ignored whatever Sherlock was saying, trying his best to concentrate on simply enjoying the evening. He needed to simply appreciate the time with his girlfriend and his friends and simply relax. None of that nonsense to mess everything up.
John grinned. He was always such a smart arse that Sherlock Holmes. Not that he minded, at least right now. It was somehow endearing in the moment.
“And to think this is only the beginning,” Irene said, pulling Kate closer and sealing their mouths together in a passion filled kiss.
Sherlock said nothing still. He had no words. There was still so much to consider. The world passed around him in a blur as Mycroft led them back to his car. Mycroft selected the passenger’s seat while Sherlock and Irene slid into the back.
“Expressing my opinion,” Sherlock said, pursing his lips. “I hardly think that should amount to disciplinary action. Or has the school truly fallen into a totalitarian rule? Are we meant to be little mindless puppets repeating back the words of our teachers?”
"And if he does want me," Irene said. "What does that leave for you? You'll go back to a girlfriend or boyfriend every month?"
“I’m serious on the behavior, Molly. No breaking and entering, no hacking, no ritual animal slaughter, do I make myself clear?”
With a sigh she rose from the bed and went off to start working on finding another safe house. She’d likely have to move frequently for the next few months. At least she’d have some side entertainment to make it a little more fun. Even so, she turned the volume down on Sherlock mumbling things to himself, turning back to her work.
He sent both of the photos off to Irene’s number, waiting a long moment before a reply came with a breathy female sigh. Well, that wasn’t much of an improvement, but at least now it wouldn’t be John moaning through his phone.
“I’d give anything to spend a few minutes talking to her,” Lestrade said with a grin. “Look at those lovely eyes. That smile!”
Whatever she’d done to him it remained a mystery. He’d considered analyzing a sample of blood or urine, running a toxicology screen and seeing if there was anything he could make of it. Obviously she’d used some sort of incapacitating agent alongside what he suspected was an aphrodisiac. He couldn’t be certain of that, but based on previous experiences and his usually low libido, the evidence pointed at that. But for what purpose? Why drug him with something to increase sexual desire?
Tears threatened to break forth. He swallowed thickly and did his best to not give in to his emotions. His fists curled, and John let the anger grow instead of the sorrow. Better to be upset with Sherlock than to be sad. Better to pretend.
“Surely you can put up with it for one night,” Donovan said, raising a brow and folding her arms. “After all, won’t the pay out be worth it?”
She was frozen. She couldn’t move as she stared at that familiar name, feeling like she’d somehow slipped into a dream. Should she pick up? Should she ignore it? If Kate was calling she knew… her innocence could no longer protect her.
It shouldn't take much normally. But now was anything but normal. She didn't have her tools. No phone. No backup information. Nothing to bargain with beyond a little sex here and there. And of course, no Kate. How could she be expected to function?
“I believe it’s likely a case of the latter,” Sherlock said. “He—Her treatment of me has led me to believe that’s probably…probably what’s going on.”
Yet another moan came from the phone, and this time Sherlock’s ears picked up on it. John’s voice juxtaposed against the ringtone gave him a complete sample to compare against. He took the o sound John had made and imagined lengthening it, adding a little variance in the pitch…yes…that fit rather well actually.
,” Molly hissed. “I have plenty of time to study. And I’m not being foolish in wanting to be social. Just because I don’t relish the thought of spending my weekends alone like you and Sherlock.”
Mycroft stared at her for a long moment before looking at Molly. “I expected better of you. You have an exam on Monday and you’re off cavorting about like a fool. I thought we raised you to be more than this.”
Donovan turned and stared at him. “Don’t ever say that again. Firstly because that’s not even fair. Honestly, if you told me a guy had a lot of sex I wouldn’t call him a slut. And secondly, because Irene Adler is not someone you mess with. And though I doubt she’d see the word slut as a true insult…she might…find a way to make you pay for it.”
John bobbed his head a bit, swirling his tongue. One of Sherlock’s hands came down to touch the back of his head, those long violinist’s fingers twirling into his hair, pulling him closer. Sherlock’s eyes had closed and his head was thrown back. The noises coming from him were intoxicating. God, did this man have any idea how sexy he was?
He stared into John’s eyes and pondered those words attached to the body language he was easily deciphering. The tenseness in his shoulders. The way he was fidgeting ever so slightly.
“Er…right…anytime…I mean…you’re welcome.” He pulled away before it could become any more awkward. “Right, I’m off.”
Lestrade shifted nervously in his seat as the secretary kept typing away at her screen. He wasn’t sure why she hadn’t looked up.
Sherlock stiffened. “I didn’t mean it in that respect. I’m simply suggesting that things have been rocky between them and it has been causing John a certain level of…moodiness. Now, the case?”
Sherlock had sort of, slumped against him. He’d begun babbling something about how comfortable his arm was. And then—then Sherlock’s hand had drifted down to his trousers.
“Well, I guess mind palaces do have their uses then,” I muttered, moving my hands towards the buttons of his shirt. I had really not thought about going this far. But I wasn’t opposed to the thought of a shag. Especially in the living room where we’d first met, on that old beloved couch. Adding a few new good memories to the flat couldn’t hurt, after all. I thought briefly of Mary, but I was all too aware she probably already had some idea of how this was going considering I hadn’t called her. She’d given her blessing after all. In fact…
John thought back to the money. It was helpful. And besides that, he couldn’t afford to let more shit get out about Harry.
“I’ll walk your dog for you. Hey, I’ve said it now. I’ll even walk your dog ...” John said desperately. He needed something. If he didn’t have Sherlock he wanted someone else in his life. Couldn’t Jeanette understand? Sure, he might not love her as much, but she was what he could have.
. His mind drifted to the morning after when John had clearly stated he was drunk and didn’t remember a thing.
Molly’s brow furrowed. “Oh. Er…usually it’s more the other way around, you know? Not really liking someone but saying you do for their sake…but I guess…you know if you’re maybe scared of driving them away or something. It’s possible.” She sighed and gave a frown. “There was a guy in uni I really liked. And we dated for a bit. But he was…he wasn’t good for me. My friend Meena kept telling me how horrid it was how he was treating me…how I wasn’t really myself after being around him. Even though…even though I really loved him, when it came time for the next step I told him no.”
Sherlock stared at it for a moment. A picture of him…he swallowed at the mere though. Could he do that? Would John let him? Would he make that noise?
As he walked out he was surprised to see a familiar figure leaning against his car. John Watson, eyes sparkling, cocky grin in place as he kept his arms folded, body leaned there like it was his own vehicle.
Molly nodded. “Oh I just, I remember you saying that you wanted to help. So I have some insights on Sherlock for that boy…Watson or whatever his name is.”
“Oh I like them a little more pliant when I do them,” the boy said eyes glittering. “Let’s me do exactly what I want.”
“If you don’t mind, Ms. Adler,” Mycroft interrupted. “Perhaps we can move this to a more…comfortable and private location. I am willing to open negotiations. But not here.”
Sherlock had already been in a foul mood before he arrived at his English class. To say the least, being surrounded by morons and forced to read material that he found completely pointless did nothing to boost his mood.
"Me neither," John said with a sheepish grin. "But Christ that felt good. I'm just…I'm so relieved."
"No need, Dr. Watson. We're through here. I can see nothing I say will make any difference. I'll leave you to go tend to your detective."
“Because I’m tired and it’s after midnight, and I don’t have the energy to put up with you,” John growled.
She watched as Sherlock buttoned up his shirt again. It was an irresistible sight, but even though she was interested, her heart wasn’t really in it. Of course, the answer why still pressed at her mind. An answer she’d decided to just ignore.
He froze. Though he’d been anticipating needing to “discuss” things, the moment still surprised him. He faced John, stared into those familiar eyes and did his best to utter a relatively neutral response.
And then, someone was calling my name, and I heard movement not far off. I tried to cry out, but my air felt short, smoke already being pulled into my lungs. I felt my vision fading just as someone grabbed my arms and dragged me away from the fire, pulling me back out into the cool November air. I found myself on my back in the grass, staring up at the night sky. And then at him.
Irene just rolled her eyes. “Well, perhaps once you’re off at your dance academy you’ll finely find someone.”
“So, what’s the next move?” Kate asked, getting up and walking over to place a hand on Irene’s shoulder. Irene’s gaze fixed on hers through the mirror, blue eyes gazing intently up at her companion.
He passed the phone over and John looked at it, eyes widening again. He cursed under his breath, then handed the phone back over.
“They do, don’t they,” he whispered, turning to actually look at Molly, who appeared somewhat puzzled. “Very silly…”
“Yes, that’s the one. He fixed it up for me. It was perfect. I knew those little features he gave me would come in handy.”
Her eyes settled on the package neatly hidden amongst Kate’s garments. If she hadn’t been looking for that key she’d hidden weeks ago, she probably would never have seen it. But there it was. Confirmation of how few days she had left. Kate would never realize what a burden such a small thing could be.
Well, no need to think about that. Sherlock didn’t want him. He never would. Why not try to forget with another attractive girlfriend? Really that sounded like a brilliant strategy to him. She continued to smile at him, asking him more personal questions now.
Sherlock spent the next day trying to avoid his sister. He wasn’t sure how she’d figured things out, but he wasn’t pleased. He’d been so careful. Besides Irene, there were few he’d actually confessed to, or at least few who’d seen the truth. So how she’d managed to work out what was going on in his head astounded him. Even Mycroft hadn’t said much on the subject.
It was inarguable. John didn’t dare rise to Sherlock’s defense. He didn’t have the energy or the desire to. He downed another gulp of alcohol and let the pleasant sensations of that wash over him.
Sherlock shrugged, what would he know about such things. Yet another reason John would never want him. His inexperience. His awkwardness in sex, in relationships, in knowing how something as simple as a love bite functioned. He let out a long sigh before rising to walk towards his bedroom. John was right, best to cover these marks up, pretend they’d never happened. Hope no one would ever have to find out about their awkward little encounter.
It was stupid to even consider it. But he had to admit there was something appealing about Watson. And perhaps it was simply easier to not make a fuss here in such a public space after all.
“Cindi I’m so sorry, I only broke up with Sarah a few months ago. I’m probably just not in the habit…I swear if you give me another chance I won’t disappoint you again. I didn’t mean to I—”
He thought over the price for a moment before nodding. A few quick calculations told him it wasn’t that much more. And after he’d agreed he could dig up some more dirt on Watson. Find some other pressure points perhaps.
His breathing faltered for a moment, though he caught the signs in a second and forced back the emotion that was threatening to constrict his chest. No, he couldn’t fall apart. Not now. Not here.
Sherlock’s attention refocused on Irene. “I find John to be adequately intelligent,” he said. “But we weren’t discussing him. We were about to have a look at whatever is on your phone.”
“Oh yeah?” John said. “Me too. Er…I mean I’m looking for another girlfriend. One can only spend so much time cooped up with Sherlock Holmes before you crack.”
Irene closed her eyes in bliss as she allowed yet another wave of pleasure to sweep over her. There were reasons she’d kept Kate around. She tended to forget them sometimes.
“Shush,” John said. “Just do as she asks. If it saves your life isn’t it worth it you arrogant bastard?”
Thanks for all the subscriptions and bookmarks and kudos etc. and thank you especially to feisty_one, Chocolaty_Minds,
The man wandered off, leaving Sherlock a chance to look at John again, admire his eyes and his slight smile.
Lestrade knew this was necessary, but that didn’t mean his heart wasn’t beating crazy fast as he walked towards Watson. Donovan was just a few steps behind, but even she looked apprehensive.
I couldn’t shake it though. And future nights continued to have those er—well—queer visitations. And no matter how much I tried to convince myself otherwise, apparently there was something about Sherlock I couldn’t keep away even with him dead.
So yes…a little more dragging it out I'm sorry. We'll get there eventually. There is a happy ending in sight, I promise!
Before Watson could say another word he was grabbing for the door handle and pushing him out of the way. He slid into his car without another word.
“Yes,” Irene agreed. “But it wasn’t meant to last a long time. Merely start playing with that pretty head of his. And it’s done its job. Why, I’ve counted six glances at Watson this morning…”
After a moment of silence Sherlock turned to go to his room. “I hope you didn’t mess up my sock index.”
“You have me,” Sherlock whispered back, even as his eyes screwed shut from the pleasure of it all. John’s hand was moving faster even as his hips canted forward with more force. “I’m yours, John. Always…I…I think I might…love you.”
"Wait for me," John said again. And then he was out into the hallway like a shot, going for the stairway and then up to the bedroom upstairs.
His lips were still tingling. God he kept thinking back to Sherlock’s hand on his face, his thin body right there in front of his. If he’d just stepped a few centimeters closer he could have rubbed his erection against Sherlock…seen if the detective was equally aroused…
“He didn’t respond,” Kate told her. “But he got a bit riled up—though I think Dr. Watson was even more so.”
John’s mouth opened and closed a few times, but he had no words. He stood up and grabbed for his clothes, throwing them on as quickly as possible.
“I was watching…and I told him all I’d wanted…well because it was a DVD for my birthday to apologize for not being there…and I told him I didn’t want him to be dead. And then suddenly he said he’d be with me again very soon.”
?” she chuckled. “Oh by all means, Mr. Holmes, keep pretending you’re so clever. But as I said already, you’re a novice when it comes to love. I wouldn’t expect you to understand the signs.”
Thanks to power0girl for commenting! Thanks to all who have kudoed, commented, subscribed, and bookmarked. Hope you enjoyed this chapter. Positive comments are always appreciated!
Sherlock frowned and did his best to keep disappointment out of his expression as John disappeared upstairs. Bed? It was barely even ten. That was atypical to say the least. All of these odd behaviors and Sherlock still couldn’t make a clear deduction other than the obvious that something was
Lestrade sighed and shrugged. Thankfully, some of the tension was diverted when Shannon appeared dressed in a black skirt and button up top.
Once outside he sat Sherlock down on a nearby bench and looked him over. It was obvious he was drunk, although how bad John couldn’t be sure since he hadn’t seen how many drinks the boy had before he’d caught him. As for his head, well there was no signs of bleeding, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t hurt. John sighed as he pushed the hair away from Sherlock’s eyes, looking at him carefully.
“So, Gregory… welcome to our lovely school. I’m sure you won’t find it much different than your old ones,” she said with a fake smile. “Here’s your schedule. Off you go.”
He let himself pay attention to the telly for a bit, drifting in and out of real awareness of the flat. He sipped at his drink, pouring another whenever he finished one. He was well on his way to getting thoroughly pissed when the door downstairs opened.
“Oh shush you,” Irene said, reaching over to smack Kate on the thigh, though she smiled in spite of herself. “Now, be a good girl and go fetch me my tea. I intend to watch that footage over again. See just how well you’ve played our two darling boys. From the state of Mr. Holmes I’d have to guess quite well…but I need to see for myself.”
“Yeah, all right. I’ll see you in a while, Sherlock…” he paused in the doorway, looking meaningfully towards the detective, but he didn’t respond. “Oh well, don’t be surprised if he starts asking for me in a bit,” John said, looking towards her. “He’ll do that sometimes. Forget I’ve left. Well, best be off.”
“You let me grieve,” Kate whispered. “You let me bury you. And all this time….I thought we were in this together. God, I was such an idiot.”
“Then go ahead and undo his trousers. And if you’d like a little bit of fun for yourself in the process, undo yours too.”
“Er…we’re sort of trying to talk, mate? Mind playing in your own room or upstairs or finding something more quiet to do?”
Sherlock decided to recreate things to the best of his ability. He slipped back into the bedroom, closed the door in case John should come home for some reason—doubtful, probably out having a drink or something.
“If they’ve been watching me, they’ll know that I took a safety deposit box at a bank on the strand a few months ago.”
“So someone took the necklace and the money, but there’s no signs of burglary,” Sherlock muttered. “Well, let me have a look then since you’re proving yourself so utterly incompetent.”
Sherlock flushed slightly. “Well, I’m sure you’ve imagined all sorts of things, but that doesn’t mean you’re going to see them. What do you want, Watson?”
“Er…yeah…maybe that’s a bit…difficult. But he’s…well not bad looking for a bloke. I can’t imagine there aren’t guys out there who’d be willing to do him?”
Warnings are the same as always, sexual insinuations, Irene Adler being her usual dominatrixy self- femslash, slash, all that jazz. No smut just yet.
"Yes," John said without hesitating. He reached a hand out and laid it on Sherlock's shoulder. "Yes."
“Sorry about dinner,” he said. “But as you already said…it would never have worked out.” He spared her one last look before turning and going to the door. It didn’t take a second glance to know she was already crying.
“Then I’ll have the same,” Sherlock said. “And we can split a bottle of whatever Angelo recommends.”
Her heart ached, and for a moment she closed her eyes and her only thought was that it could all go away in an instant. There were choices she could make that would guarantee that.
Her breath caught in her throat as he heart started to speed up. No, he couldn't have found her. She considered just hanging up, but it was obvious he knew the truth and trying to hide would do nothing.
She smirked. “Oh some. However, by society’s standards you’re quite attractive. Those brooding eyes, sharp cheekbones, dark hair that is just perfect for grabbing and pulling.” She winked and looked back to the front window again, her smile growing wider by the second.
She looked at her computer, eyeing the website she hadn’t been able to stop looking at in the last few days. John Watson’s ridiculous blog and her name splashed across it with the fact that she was alive. The idiot.
Sherlock motioned to his own chair. John clenched his jaw, but remained silent as Irene took her place.
I'm unfortunately going to be working like twelve hour shifts next week during our county fair, so I'm unlikely to be updating for a bit. I will do my best to get some good updates up as soon as all that nonsense is over.
“Moriarty can’t have her if the freak isn’t going on dates,” Sally pointed out. “You just have to be patient. Well…patient and…perhaps a little persistent. But your negativity isn’t going to get you anywhere.”
So, on to showering in the meantime and then hopefully to fresher ideas, ‘til he could figure out the confusing mix of whatever had happened.
Molly laughed. “Oh god you’re terrible at this. It’s just…little things. I don’t know. Maybe you could write her a song on your violin and play it. Or I don’t know…do something she needs done around the house. I’m sure you’ll figure something out.” She stared into his eyes. “Take her out to dinner maybe?”
“Sherlock…look…if I’m over with Shannon you’re texting me constantly, if I’m over here you won’t speak to me…do you see my dilemma?” John said. “You act like you’re bored and lonely, but the moment I bring her over you start acting like you have too much to do.”
Sherlock had found a towel and mopped up most of the mess. After that was done he reached up and undid his scarf, pulling the wet material away from himself and setting it on the chair. Next came the coat. Which was when John remembered why it was imperative Sherlock keep them on.
“Yes well, you barely knew her,” Mycroft said, confirming his suspicion it was about Irene Adler. Foolish Mycroft, always assuming he was the smart one.
He paused and stared at Irene Adler au natural, no makeup, but thankfully with some clothes. She was curled up, brow wrinkled even as she slept. Of course, in an instant John’s entire body was tense, ready for the upcoming fight.
His train of thought was interrupted by the sight of Jim Moriarty stalking towards him, a malicious looking smile on his face. John straightened, his fingers twitching towards his pocket, picturing them curled around his knife.
He turned to look at her. The Woman. In full regalia. Hair coiffed. Makeup on. Ready for her next move in this game they were playing.
Sherlock glanced at him. Eyed him. Took in the way his face looked drawn now. The way his hand curled tight around the glass.
John had just begun to relax. He’d found his usual spot at the bar and was nursing a drink, watching various familiar faces filter into the place. After all the drama at home, he’d grown used to coming here.
“I agree with my brother, I’m in no mood to be generous,” he said. “You are free to go as you like. But I’m afraid you’ll be given no protection. Think of it as your punishment. If you’re clever maybe you’ll survive a few more months at least. I’d enjoy them if I were you, Ms. Adler.”
Greg Lestrade was undeniably attractive. Dark tousled hair and deep brown eyes and a distinguished jawline. He looked athletic, though perhaps not overly so in a way that made Molly concerned he might only be worried about his body. He was fiddling with a French book.
She pointed him on into another room and disappeared back towards the car. He continued on, just deciding to speak the frustrating thoughts to the empty air while he awaited Mycroft's dramatic entrance. Such a drama queen.
He tried to protest as they told him he needed to come with them. But as always it was useless. He took the plane ticket, staring down at the 007 on the paper. Well, that settled it then.
Mycroft stared at him for a long moment. “I thought we’d agreed you’d leave this silly dancing nonsense aside once you were finished with school. Actually apply yourself to science or philosophy…or something more…practical.”
John tried to regain his focus as he continued in his pursuit, breath coming shorter as he approached his climax. He groaned loudly and finished, pleased when Cindi gave a gasping moan as well. Good, he’d done his job properly then.
“No, because it’s a duplicate that I had made, into which you’ve just entered the numbers one oh five eight,” Sherlock said, snatching it from her hand.
The consulting detective ignored his question. He looked over whatever had been sent and tucked it back away, stalking back over to the table.
“Oh Sherlock darling, as though men wouldn’t have good reasons to come on you… excuse me… come on to you. Have you looked in a mirror recently?”
John prickled at the mentions of Molly’s appearance. She looked lovely of course, but Sherlock wasn’t the type to remark on those things. Or at least he usually wouldn’t. Why was he paying attention to the size of her breasts? Perhaps it was jealousy working after all. Perhaps Sherlock fancied her.
Her smile brightened a little more. “I’m sure she’d love it if you tried not to say some of the horrible things you do sometimes. You know…keeping your deductions to yourself a bit more. Er…she might like it if you actually say some nice things too you know, like…er…well complimenting her appearance or something nice she’s done for you or something she’s making an effort on. I always love presents too, you know. Love it when a guy thinks of me and picks up something special…doesn’t even have to be chocolate or flowers or anything.”
“And probably brilliant too, I’m sure,” Donovan said with an eye roll. “All right, I’ll give her this…she’s top in the biology. Otherwise, I’m sure she’d rather spend her time buying pink blouses and playing with her cat and all that shit. Please don’t tell me
John groaned. "Fuck. All right, stay here. I'm going up to my bedroom to grab things. I'll be back in a few. Don't you move a muscle, you hear me?"
“When Sherlock begins dating, you may do so also,” Mycroft repeated with a slow smile. He turned towards the door, obviously feeling their business was done.
Unable to resist that delicious noise, John moved back to place several other kisses, one or two on the corners of his mouth and his cheeks and his jawbone. Irene made a slight sound of approval from behind them before John moved back up to look Sherlock in the eyes.
Lestrade ran his eyes over Watson’s form, searching for signs that the other man might be planning to get physical if need be.
“It’s getting late, I’m going to head out,” Lestrade said with a sigh. “Good night. Lovely to meet you, Jeanette.”
The car drive was a long one. The other men in the car didn’t speak a word to him. He let his mind drift, though every time he tried to really
“I’m sorry,” John offered. “I know he’s awful sometimes. He just takes a bit to get used to. He’ll come round, don’t you worry.”
John grinned. "We've had months of taking it slow, Sherlock. I can handle things speeding up a bit. Now, are we ready? Or do we need a few more months to consider the implications."
“No,” she said with a shake of her head. “Now I’ve got a novel to finish. You’ll find all the information you need on that paper.”
Kate cocked her head but didn’t question. She was aware that Irene wanted to surprise all of them. And it was more than likely that she would.
"What is it?" John asked, moving to snatch up one of the man's hands, clutching it tight in his own. "What's wrong, Sherlock?"
“It’s a very imprecise word,” Sherlock said. “Perhaps you can clarify your intentions in using it. Are you saying you…desire me? I initially was sure this was what you were describing, a tangible biological response where your body is giving you signals that you are interested in potential copulation. However—”
Watson eyed them for a moment, looking a bit confused. “So…you two are going to help me get the codes for the machine. Make Sherlock learn to like me.”
As he helped himself to a drink, he couldn’t help but reflect on the past few months. They’d felt like eternity.
The unkempt boy spoke next. “E’s not someone I’d be messing with. Right wanker that one. But…perhaps if you’d be able to pay the Wig…”
Sherlock’s only distraction from making a quick retort was noting that Watson was observing as well. He was folding his arms with a smirk, grinning from ear to ear as he looked at the damage. Sherlock looked away and grabbed for his phone. He pressed call and held it up to his head, counting the rings before there was an answering click.
"He'll be okay with this witness protection, never seeing her again. He'll be fine," John said, knowing all too well how fine Sherlock would be.
Her eyes opened, and she looked down at the figures of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. Such a pity things couldn't have worked out differently. Now, finding the right strategy would be difficult. But if she played her cards right…perhaps she'd make things work after all.
Molly hadn’t really anticipated finding a French tutor quite so quickly. But Mary Morstan caught her in the hall.
Sherlock eyed the form beneath the sheet and then noticed who was with the body. Molly shifted a bit as he looked her over. She’d left her hair and makeup, but had changed into a jumper and slacks. More her normal self. Still, she was a painful reminder of the awful party.
She handed Kate her phone, allowing the woman to grasp it carefully in spite of her hands still being bound together. Kate’s eyes lit up at the thought.
Mary shook her head. “Not a word. Didn’t think a man like that could ever be so quiet, but you shut him up pretty thoroughly.”
“Wasn’t planning on it,” John muttered, sure his face was going to permanently red by the time he left. Could anything be more mortifying?
“It’s average by my standards,” Irene said with a shrug. “Then again, I get to go to uni ones a lot more than the average student. And now that I’m 18 I even get the occasional invite to more…adult fare if you will. So yes, I’m a bit bored by the poor music selection and excessive cheap alcohol if you catch my drift.”
He strode off towards his bedroom. John hesitated only a moment before apologizing to Jeanette and following Sherlock into the other room.
My head shot up from where I’d been looking at the bedspread. “Mary, what are you—I’m not stuck with you! I love you, you know I do!”
There was a second of shock for the doctor. He froze up, stiffened as his colleague, his flat mate, his friend placed a soft yet insistent kiss to his mouth.
“He could just like the color!” Lestrade scoffed. “Furthermore, couldn’t they be a girls? Like…Adler or whatever…someone else’s? A last conquest?”
He had to find it. Sherlock scrunched his brow in concentration. It was there somewhere. It had to be. He was so good at throwing out details he thought pointless. But the redhead…she had to be there.
Mrs. Hudson appeared in the doorway. Sherlock was at least grateful that she hadn’t walked in on him. Small mercies, he supposed.
“I’m not an idiot like the rest of the student population. I know you didn’t sneak off to fight a war. So I suppose it would be more accurate to ask where you were in the country. Because clearly you didn’t leave England.”
He pushed firmly, and John pulled back a few centimeters, lips disconnecting from Sherlock’s. He was panting as he sat back a little, staring down at Sherlock. Those familiar blue eyes gleamed in the moonlight.
Sally smirked slightly. Well, fun was a bit of an understatement in her opinion, but she’d let Irene get away with it.
Sherlock wondered if he should find a reply but finally thought better of it. He wasn’t really in the mood to talk, especially with John.
“Sherlock, so help me if you are joking I will take you back up to the roof of that bloody hospital and push you off myself you arrogant bleeding p—”
him…I mean at least if you’re er…talking romantically or anything. I know people keep thinking we’re a couple but we’re not.”
I looked up at him, found him staring at me as I well remembered. But it felt like there was more heat in that gaze than I recalled before.
Most of the time, Sherlock seemed to have the sexuality of a rock. He had no interest in anyone, man or woman. But last night—something about everything that had happened must have simply pushed him into a different state of mind.
Molly swallowed and looked him over. She wished she had the same skills as he and Mycroft. Deduction really did seem like a handy tool at times.
It took a moment, but after some thinking she realized what he had to be talking about. She typed out her response and sent it, turning to smile at the window. Well, there were some good things then. Even if her own happiness had been denied, at least Sherlock's had been found.
Sherlock didn’t look up, but he could see his brother sliding his umbrella into its stand and removing his coat to hang on a nearby hook. He moved quietly into the room, settling in an armchair near the empty fireplace.
Then again, he supposed she had better things to do than to deal with the new student. He cursed his father again for moving him halfway across the country.
He glanced at her, thinking over how he should proceed. But it was true, there was more to cover. Had all of her efforts merely been a distraction? Had she been trying to push him at John to have his help?
Feeling even more uncomfortable, John made the suggestion of putting something on, laughing to attempt to cover up his confusion.
“No,” he argued. “All it’s doing is making you paranoid. I won’t have any of it. You’re doing fine, Sherlock. God, can’t you see that? How much I want you? How much I love spending my days with you?”
“Love,” he said that word as though to taste it, rolling it around in his mouth as his eyebrows furrowed and his face screwed up. I suppose I wasn’t surprised it was foreign to him, but still, I had to wait patiently as he worked through it. I could practically picture the cogs in his head turning, trying to process through every conceivable meaning for that word.
“I don’t think that’s really your concern. You can go play nursemaid to him for a few hours. He’ll be fine by next morning.” She smiled and reached a hand to brush his cheek. John drew back, flinching away.
It took all of his self-control not to just rush to her command. God, how he wanted that. But he couldn’t allow her or his desires to have too much control. No. John moved to kiss Sherlock’s neck again.
Sherlock’s shock over the events of the day only culminated when he saw Molly getting into Moriarty’s car. He watched as she and Mary Morstan slid into the back seat and felt his fingers curl tighter on the steering wheel of his own vehicle. In the seat beside him, his best friend made a shocked noise.
Sherlock sighed. Better to just leave it there. The longer they stayed together, the more likely it was that Mycroft might deduce what was bothering him.
Whatever words I had managed to spit out were full of every bit of anger and frustration I felt. Asking him how he could do this to me, how he could allow me to grieve. I wanted to ask him how he’d managed to make me fall in love with his most selfish act. How had he done it.
This will all work out in the end. But this upcoming chapter might be a bit rough. You've been warned.
John swallowed, thinking about Irene Adler and his certainty that she was behind everything that was happening right now.
“So,” Donovan said, sauntering into the room with some kind of additional confidence in her bearing. Lestrade had to admit, she had a presence about her, and every boy snapped to attention as she appeared.
John wasn’t quite sure why he even would think such things in the moment. His eyes drifted to his own present to Sherlock tucked neatly under the tree. Light blue with snowflakes. Apparently the shop keeper had thought it was for his girlfriend and had chosen a more feminine wrapping paper without asking him. He hadn’t really had the heart to correct her.
I looked around the room, suddenly feeling a bit spooked by it all. It felt like any moment people were going to jump out and laugh at me, like Sherlock himself would be roaring with laughter over what a good joke it all was, how funny I looked sitting there watching his film and thinking him dead.
Oh, well that was a surprise then. John shifted and sat up a little straighter, setting his drink aside.
With a smile, Sherlock leaned his head in closer, arms wrapping around John's waist. John made a noise of contentment and closed his eyes.
As he calculated it became quite easy to figure out. All he needed was to get the leader alone. Getting rid of the cronies would provide him easy enough odds. And as with most men with guns, it was obvious the American was overconfident with his weapon.
Mycroft appeared in the hallway and offered a cigarette. Alarms went off in Sherlock’s head, but he kept his expression neutral and accepted. This was abnormal behavior for his brother, and he knew it. Something odd was happening, so he’d play to it and see what happened after.
“No proof then,” Irene said with a smirk. “Well alright. And here I was thinking about making a little wager.”
But he’d paused to look at the phone, peering down at it. Though again he appeared to not answer, the principle was the important thing. Irene Adler was worthy of ignoring music for. Irene Adler was interesting enough to leave a piece unfinished. Irene Adler was the one Sherlock appeared to like and be interested in and potentially want to have sex with and—
Four words. None of which had any real significance separated. But together in that exact order… perfect.
Donovan sighed. “Give me a day and we’ll test this theory. All right? It may be idiotic, but I’ve always thought the freak might be a little more agreeable if one were to…well…get him laid.”
Irene stiffened. “I’ve been a bit busy. Had some American chaps coming down on me, I’m afraid. But I am getting to it.”
Sherlock ignored him and turned his attention to the doorway, where he suddenly noticed movement. A family stood there while a doctor delivered what had to be bad news. They crowded together in a huddling mass, shaking with what had to be sobs. Sherlock’s first instinct was to react with disgust, but after a moment, he realized he was feeling some level of sympathy.
"Never thought I'd say it," Kate whispered as she leaned down to plant a soft kiss on Irene's mouth.
Sherlock started walking, heading towards the door. He didn’t look back. Let Mycroft think what he wanted.
“No nothing like that,” Sally said. She looked towards Greg and noted that he didn’t look nearly as happy as he had a few minutes ago. “I’ll…er…talk to you later. It was…er…nice.”
He made a soft shushing noise, suddenly at my side. My breathing rate was rising rapidly, my fists curling wondering if I should deck him or hug him. I couldn’t quite decide.
“Hmm…but you don’t flinch from his touch. No… well I’ll leave you to see to him then. Don’t worry, Dr. Watson. We’ll see each other again soon enough. I’d almost count on it.”
It felt as though he was floating. Sherlock for once felt like he couldn’t connect with his brain. He kept trying to actually process, but all he could do was let those words repeat over and over.
I groaned and threw my head back. “It’s not something I can explain to you, Sherlock. It’s not precise science or clever deductions. And no I don’t want just a quick shag or even a snog…although both of those would be nice… Love’s an emotion. It’s a feeling I get every time I look at you. It’s the ache in my chest when I thought you were gone, the fluttering inside my stomach when I know you’re here with me now. It’s the way my throat closed up coming up these stairs and seeing this place again. It’s right here and now, me standing here telling you I want you in every conceivable meaning of the word and that if you would have me Sherlock Holmes I would be yours.”
Sherlock didn’t respond to the insult. “But you’ve acquired something that’s more danger than protection. Do you know what it is?”
There was a noise from his phone, and he looked up from the computer, glancing at the screen to see yet another text from Irene Adler.
However, there he was, driving his car with his hands gripping the steering wheel, eyes straight ahead.
Sherlock turned off the sink and stood there for a moment, watching. Sure enough Watson approached him instead of heading for one of the urinals.
He coated his fingers, moving to press one in with a kind of hesitance he'd never employed in sex before. Sherlock was gazing down at him, his mouth partway open as he fought to catch his breath. John held his breath for a moment as he began, pushing in, and stretching lightly.
“Obviously,” she said, raising an eyebrow. “I would have left you ages ago if I’d thought so, John. You’re far too interested in me to be solely into men. But that doesn’t change what I’ve seen in your eyes over the years when you’ve talked about him, or visited his grave, or looked at his picture.”
Donovan smiled and reached into her bag to pull out an array of pamphlets all labeled with an address a date and “free booze”.
It was his birthday. Sherlock’s I mean. While he was alive he’d never allowed me to make a fuss. In fact, I’d only weaseled out the actual day thanks to some solid manipulation. Otherwise known as bothering him a few times before giving up and asking Mycroft casually during one of our quick chats.
“Yes, you’ll see. Sherlock really does underestimate me. Tomorrow will be so much more fun. Just you watch. Tomorrow, he’s going to finally start paying attention to my messages.”
The rest of the night was a blur. Sherlock trying to explain while I remained unable to keep my cool. I was so furious with him, I could barely process his words, and I didn’t really care to. Whatever explanations he had were pointless. I didn’t want elaborate plans and secrets of how he’d faked his death, I wanted to know why he couldn’t be bothered to tell me he’d been gone, why he’d left
John looked up, wondering if he should comment on that or just ignore it. After a moment he settled on just delivering the information instead. No not with his trousers already tenting a little. The last thing he needed was to raise suspicion.
There was a glance towards her phone, and she knew realistically that she should tell Kate. But there was still danger. If all had gone as planned Kate was off in the States now as she'd promised to do if anything happened to Irene. And telling her might simply disrupt everything she'd set in place.
“I mean…if we…paid him or something?” Lestrade suddenly said. “Could be motivation right? He’s…not really very posh looking. Gotta need some money, right?”
“Er…” John again shifted uneasily, glad Sherlock’s deduction skills seemed to be failing him with Irene in the room. “If…well I mean…it’s Moriarty right? We could probably use a few advantages. I’d say…yes? Only if you’re game of course. Don’t want to take advantage.”
There was a knock at the door suddenly. Sherlock frowned but went to answer it nonetheless. Molly watched and smirked as she noticed it was a boy she’d seen at school before. From the little she knew this must be the one Greg had talked about.
He watched as she stood and pulled away, eyes drifting over her body and thinking of all the horrible things he could do to it. After a moment he turned away and looked back at the table. He pulled a knife out of his pocket and slid the tip of the blade into the smooth surface of the table. Moriarty watched and smiled as he created the soft curves of a woman’s body.
“It appears so,” Sherlock said, only for another moan to sound from the phone. This time Sherlock was paying more attention, taking in the deeper voice, clearly a man’s orgasm rather than a woman’s. He tried to pay attention to the voice behind it. It sounded almost…familiar. He glanced at John, only to see the other man had turned bright red.
Anderson spluttered a bit angrily and John walked past him with a cocky grin. He didn’t know much about the party, but he was pretty sure Anderson had no intention of making it open to the whole school. It wasn’t really his style. This was someone else’s handiwork.
“I’ll tell you about it on the way. But seriously, nothing else besides the girlfriend problem? I swear John’s been acting odd for a few months.”
“Well, I did see to Sissy first. Took her out. Gave her a quick little walk, all that. But when I came back I did the locks, I went and took off my dress, but I left the necklace on. Cooked some food and had that. After I was done I took the necklace off, left the dishes in the sink, and went to bed.”
He entered the principal’s office with distaste. Vicky Perky, the vice principal, was sitting at her computer typing away. Sherlock had figured out from the moment he met her that she had a voracious sexual appetite, one she satisfied by writing erotic fiction (obvious enough from the romance books she kept in her desk drawers and the bruising on her wrists that was from her “extracurricular” activities).
She wasn’t sure if it was the alcohol or her frustrations with Lestrade, but she was determined to at least get something fun out of tonight. And if that was talking to Adler, maybe she’d try it out.
Sherlock pulled up the internet and started doing his basic scans. Perhaps seeing what John’s basic history was might help him gather a bit more data as to his flat mate’s behavior. Sherlock nodded and set to work doing a basic scan of that.
"I was," Sherlock confirmed. "At the time. I don't generally consider matters like this to be important. I've had dalliances of course. Experimented quite a bit in uni actually. But I soon found there was very little that really interested me. People were so boring, sex was so…dull."
“Oh Sherlock Holmes, thank heavens,” she said when she saw them. “I couldn’t believe it when the police said they were going to call you. My lucky day getting to have a famous detective work for me.”
“No,” John said. “Er…Mycroft. We…need to check the place. Make sure he’s clean…Mycroft thinks it’s a danger night.”
“I still think that deduction is absurd,” Sherlock muttered. “He has this secretary or something. I smelled her perfume on him last week.”
Lestrade stared down at a vial in his hands. The boy had also pulled a syringe from his coat pocket and was studying them both. “Er…what’s that for?”
"Impatient wanker," John said, reaching down to quickly pop the button on Sherlock's trousers. "We'll have to get you out of these then."
Sherlock stiffened some. Would Mycroft trade him over in return for information? He knew the man was heartless at times, but surely not quite so bad as that.
"Be honest," Sherlock said, eyes flashing. When he noticed this wasn't getting him answers he seemed to visibly soften. "Please, John. Tell me. I want the truth."
He had to keep himself from recoiling. Donovan’s hand tightened on his arm, and Lestrade did his best to simply nod and keep his face from showing his horror.
“You could have chosen any random number and walked out of here today with everything you’ve worked for ...”
“And what’s this? Sherlock Holmes at a party? Is the world coming to an end?” he said with a mocking grin. “What brings you here, Sherlock? Lost?”
“Hmm? Yeah, just needed a little air. Just felt a little overwhelmed with everything, your brother and the woman and all that rubbish. Figured I’d take a walk, pick up a few things at the store.”
"I was thorough this time. It would take Sherlock Holmes to fool me, and I don't think he was on hand, do you?"
That night I didn’t have the typical nightmares. Instead I was standing at the same grave I’d visited earlier in the day. Confused, I stood looking at the stone for a few minutes, wondering why I was still there. Hadn’t I already said everything I needed to? But a voice interrupted my thinking.
“Got an offer for you,” Moriarty said. “What do you say to taking out the ever lovely Sherlock Holmes?”
“Excellent begging,” Irene purred. “I knew you could, Mr. Holmes. Now, perhaps you and I should chat about Moriarty while Watson here takes care of his little...
He thought his heart might have stopped. Those words, so simple, yet so lovely. So full of meaning. He stared into those stormy blue gray eyes and was unable to keep a smile from his face.
Whatever came next was a blur of details that John could hardly process in the moment. Not with Sherlock sitting there in front of him looking so beautiful and brilliant. All in the name of Miss Adler, of course, but it was nonetheless impressive. He began to harden. God, not now.
I was washing up for bed, staring in the mirror and wondering if I really should shave the blasted thing off if it was clear nobody liked it but me. However, I decided to wait until morning to do so, figured I’d get some sleep and be feeling more together in the morning. I sighed and headed out of the washroom to find Mary sitting in bed. Normally she has a book she reads before we turn in, but that night I found her sitting up, just watching the door. She gave a half smile when I came out.
However, when he tried John’s email he had no luck finding anything of the sort, even in the trash and junkmail folders. Realizing he might have used another email, Sherlock scanned the history to see if his hunch was correct, only to find a second email. He pulled it up and again was surprised to see that John hadn’t left his information.
She sighed. “No. Not even close. They feel something, the both of them. But whether either of them will ever act on it is a mystery I cannot solve.”
She had brought a blanket and had spread it out. She was currently lying on her stomach, looking down at a book. Lestrade ran a hand through his hair and walked over.
The door opened and a familiar figure came scrambling in. Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked away. This particular boy had a habit, always the last one to class, often not coming at all. He knew little of the other boy, only that he seemed entirely disinterested in the educational system as a whole. Probably too focused on sports or drugs or something else. Sherlock honestly hadn’t spared the slightest deduction for him. It really didn’t seem worth his time.
“Oh Sherlock.” I leaned in and let my lips find his. If he was in any way hesitant he didn’t show it. He allowed me to press a soft kiss there, wrap my arms around his back after a moment’s pause and simply pressed myself closer to him.
John's eyes closed as he worked to keep his emotions under control. God, why had it happened like this? Why not like any other couple falling in love?
Molly stared at him for a second before letting out a squeal of delight and running to grab him up in a tight hug.
Moriarty frowned, but nonetheless gestured for her to have a seat. He watched her every movement. He’d been keeping an eye on Donovan for a while. She didn’t particularly interest him, but she clearly was smart and disliked him. Someone to at least keep in his peripheral if nothing else.
“Thank you darling,” Irene murmured, allowing Kate to wrap her up before moving to kiss her lips. “You should have joined me.”
Her hand was on his, he stared down at it, wishing for the shorter blunter fingers of John instead. What would it take for that to be real?”
I suddenly reached into my jacket pocket and retrieved what Mary had stuck there. Sure enough, I wasn’t altogether surprised to see condoms. Well, with Sherlock being such an
“Seriously, I sent him that video of you when you were all drugged up and thought he’d laugh his ass off, but he seemed to get really angry about it,” Lestrade said as he walked to the door.
In the meantime something to occupy his attention. Sherlock shifted in his seat, but his interest was piqued by the multiple listings of porn sites. What he’d told John probably held true to himself as well. Sexual frustration was bothersome…especially considering he hadn’t experienced it much before. So perhaps…
It was difficult to keep his smile at bay, but somehow he managed. “Oh, so simple. And who do you propose I have date Sherlock? Not such an easy match now is it?”
"Well I am," Irene said. "Look at both of us. Sexuality isn't as simple as little boxes on a survey. It's a spectrum. It's fluid. And just because you might not identify as gay, or haven't had much success with men doesn't mean you're not interested. After all, I'm a lesbian and I can't deny your Sherlock is undeniably sexy."
The two of them were staring at each other, eyes never breaking contact. John looked back and forth between the two, feeling like he was only catching half the conversation.
"This isn't just manipulation, is it?' Kate asked warily. "It's not just your way of knowing you can weasel me back into caring for you if you apologize and make an effort is it?"
He frowned, but again his thoughts ran to the events a few hours earlier. John’s mouth. The intoxicating heat. The soft kisses ranging from affectionate to sensual. That mark that still was uncomfortable on the side of his neck. Why, he’d give anything to do it all again.
And when the man’s head was lolling to the side, he finally pulled off the tape and dragged him to the window, and without a second thought, pushed him through, listening in satisfaction as the body made contact with some of the bins below.
Sherlock took a deep breath and turned with the violin. He locked eyes with John as he raised to his shoulder and easily glided the bow across the strings, beginning the simple familiar melody of Auld Lang Syne. A fitting tune for today, that was certain.
“Necessary for what?” John asked. But Sherlock seemed to disappear into his mind palace for a few moments. John rolled his eyes and settled for going over to open his laptop up. Perhaps he should just consider what the latest update on his blog should be.
Sherlock began to catch his breath. He heard footsteps outside his door. John! Blast. He reached for one of the already dirty sheets and began cleaning himself off before quickly buttoning up his trousers.
Sherlock smiled. "I would love to. Though…I do believe most men have an understanding of…who will top? Do you have a strong preference?"
Sherlock looked like he might speak, but before he could John had moved in for a kiss, placing one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder in reassurance before leaning in.
“Yeah, definitely. Well, I’d best be off. You have a good rest of your day. Best of luck with your dog.”
Lestrade closed his eyes. She was right of course. He was blowing this out of proportion. But that didn’t make it any easier to accept. Molly had been so lovely, so perfect. He would have been delighted to take her out, let her talk about that biology class he knew she loved. Held her hand as she went shopping. Taken her to go pet the cats at the little store downtown. So many possibilities all gone in a moment.
“Don’t get jealous now,” Irene tutted. “I’m sure you’ll have some people clambering for you before too long.”
She pulled out her phone and hesitated over Kate’s name. There was still a chance…but at the same time…
So she needed to ready herself then. Best to have what bits and pieces she wanted to give him ready. And if she was lucky, maybe Sherlock would even help her disappear after, so that Moriarty’s wrath couldn’t follow her anymore. But that was wishful thinking she supposed.
John’s jaw clenched. “I don’t know what your problem is, but I’m not interested in playing your games.”
The kiss felt different than the others before. More sloppy and raw and passionate. John’s mouth opened a fraction and his tongue came into play. Sherlock felt heat building at the mere thought of where this might lead…but at the same time the tang of alcohol in the kiss was distracting.
Her fingers trailed down to push her dress hem up, moving to toy with herself effortlessly. If only Kate was with her. It would be even more pleasant. Attentions from her lover always seemed so much more satisfying than those from herself. It had been a while since she’d really had to rely on her own means to achieve release.
He was there. In the dark halls of his mind palace. Stalking through them. He’d searched for answers. But she was right, he just needed the right tool. And as John materialized beside him, he smiled in relief.
Irene sighed as she watched John go. Well, most of that had gone pretty poorly. The only advantage was that she had in fact achieved some results in getting John to admit his feelings. And also she'd managed to get him to do so unknowingly in the presence of Sherlock Holmes. She'd heard footsteps. She'd suspected. And besides, her feed had showed her Sherlock had left shortly after John, probably after seeing him get into the car. How he'd known the exact location she couldn't be sure.
They pulled up at a power station outside of London. John stepped out of the car, frowning as he examined his surroundings.
“I said I’d give them to you when I knew what they were. And I’m afraid I don’t quite have that aspect figured out,” Irene said. “And besides, we both know you prefer him alive anyways. What fun is a world without Sherlock for a man like you?”
John pulled the jacket aside. Sherlock helped him, shrugging his shoulder to toss the garment aside. John’s fingers moved to the buttons, fumbling slightly as he popped the first one open, revealing more pale skin. He noted Sherlock was almost hairless, only a fine dusting here and there. After a moment of admiring, John began to work open the second button, moving faster now that he’d seen what would await him. A few more seconds and the whole expanse of Sherlock’s chest was available to him. He licked his lips.
John had been at a loss ever since he had arrived at the party. Greg had latched onto him almost immediately.
“Don’t make jokes Molly,” Sherlock muttered, creating even more tension in the room. John sighed and took another gulp of his drink. He’d need to get another soon at this rate.
John thought to himself. In fact, some part of him was looking at Sherlock and wondering if this was jealousy speaking.
He thought back to the day in the house. Fire exposing priorities. Her eyes had turned to the safe first. But where else? And then he remembered. He recalled it. At the time he’d thought she must be looking towards the hall to see if there was any sign of fire. But instead, he knew now what she had to be looking for. That woman. The one in the hall. He’d dismissed it then, but there was something there. Irene’s eyes had lit up when she’d been in the room. He’d watched something flash across her face when the woman was unconscious, even if she’d left her there. After all, by the time the police arrived that woman was gone…what had her name been?
She strolled over to them, shaking Sherlock’s hand first, then John’s. Her deep brown eyes fixed on his.
Nothing. He moved his hand a bit, acted as he had the night before, as best he could remember. After all, he’d been quite out of it so it was possible he was forgetting something. His body had begun to respond, but it was nothing akin to his reaction the previous time. No, he was certainly missing something.
Mycroft had been there for a solid twenty minutes already, trying to work details out of Sherlock, trying to understand why the photographs had not been recovered and all that. And while the two snipping at each other was irritating, the true discomforts of the situation were in another area altogether.
He laid there and stared at the orange strip of light coming in beneath his door, signs John was still out in the sitting room reading. Why couldn’t John just go to bed? He didn’t need to be watched like a child. There was absolutely nothing wrong with him.
If you enjoyed please comment! Again, hope to have the next chapter up soon before I head off for two weeks of spring vacation! :D
“For now, watch and see where this development goes,” Sherlock said. “I’d hate to jump in too early. It’s likely just what Moriarty wants. Perhaps if I stay out of his way I’ll simply allow the relationship to fizzle out on its own.”
As he remembered from before, Sherlock's kisses were addicting. Soft at first and then more passionate. Starting with a little lip and some teeth, before throwing in the addition of his tongue. John pressed a bit closer as it deepened, enjoying the way his body moved to rest against Sherlock's.
“I wanted to examine bruises more thoroughly. As I didn’t have a live human test subject (John was out…probably getting milk or something), I decided to use myself.”
Irene was staring at him as he arrived back at their row. Within a few seconds he’d figured out why. John Watson had taken the seat next to his.
“Sherlock has indeed helped me much,” the man admitted. “But it is for that reason I have no interest in getting on his bad side. And to suggest…well… I do not think he’d take kindly to it. It has been some time since I’ve seen any male in his company.”
Molly did her best to mask her disappointment. She should have expected this. Him brushing off Glee as something silly when she wanted to seriously discuss it.
John sighed. Why on earth were they even helping her? Other than Sherlock’s motives to impress her, there were no other options. It didn’t take a genius to figure out he had to have a reason. Well, best to play along in that case.
But before he could tell his brother he’d made up for his mistake, there was a harsh buzzing noise. He looked down at the phone.
“I’ll say. What’s her name? Do I know her? Seriously, you’re telling me right now. I’ve never seen you date anyone, I’ve got to know.”
She hesitated. “I don’t know,” she said. “But he is. He’s clever that way. You musn’t underestimate him. He’ll try to destroy you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“I will help you, Ms. Adler,” he said. “I could use an interesting case for once. Now, perhaps you’d like some time to clean yourself up before we sit you down to find out what precisely is the matter.”
I sat there for a moment, unmoving, unspeaking. She allowed me a good minute to collect my thoughts.
She seemed to overlook the biting remarks. “The way you expressed your opinion to Henry Knight? By the way, his therapy is going quite well if you were curious.”
“John, timing,” Sherlock muttered, thinking of all the lectures he’d been given on the subject himself. He might not know much, but he was aware this was wrong.
John tried to think of something to say to that but couldn't think of a single reply. Nothing was right. She'd only turn his words on their head. Besides, she was right.
She gave a very false looking smile. John sighed and stepped into the kitchen, Mrs. Hudson following behind him worriedly.
“Well, that’s none of my concern,” Watson said. “Moriarty can shag what he likes. I’m not messing with him.”
But as she turned away and walked after Moriarty Sherlock realized that she clearly could. Obviously she didn’t care all that much.
John had a moment of weakness and pictured Sherlock naked with nothing but antlers on. He shook off the thought and quickly chimed in,
But no such thing. Instead Sherlock was busy opening mysterious packages in his room rather than attending to the package John wanted taken care of….God he was so horny. John just hoped Jeanette would make up for it tonight. He downed another large swallow of his drink and tried not to think about it.
He was running out of theories so out of curiosity he clicked on it. It looked fairly average. Smiling couples on the homepage. He clicked the login box, but was surprised to see that unlike other sites, John hadn’t let it remember his username or password. Well, that was problematic. More for the username than the password issue (it was probably the same as his other logins).
However, John had more pressing issues on his hands. Namely getting rid of the hard on that was preventing him from standing.
She gave a nod and sat up more fully. John’s jaw clenched almost painfully as he turned to go back into the sitting area. He stopped in the kitchen, setting the bottle of wine aside. His knuckles turned white as he gripped the counter.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, smoothing his hands over the flat plane of his stomach and then his sides, removing the wrinkles. “If you wouldn’t mind. Since we gave in to your demands. I don’t suppose you’ll actually follow through.”
“I mean I know we don’t have any money really either,” Lestrade pointed out with a frown. “But…hey it’s an idea.”
“I love you, John Watson. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you. But only if you’re sure you want the rest of your life with me…and not with Sherlock Holmes.”
She tried to keep her voice steady, even as it shook slightly. Her mind took a turn to two years before. Hospital rooms and Sherlock’s prone body. She shook her head to clear the memories away. God, she didn’t want to remember that.
By the time he arrived at 221 B John was thoroughly ready to be done. He didn’t want to deal with cases or listen to that bloody phone anymore. He just wanted to find a way to get over the fact that he liked his flatmate, admit it and move on because there was no possibility of anything happening anyways. Or at least he assumed there wasn’t. Sherlock had made his lack of interest quite clear.
She went back to her dusting, and John closed his eyes and tried not to think about it. With any luck Irene Adler would be back off gallivanting about the country soon and he wouldn't need to worry about her.
“They really fell for it?” Kate asked later that evening, now that they were settled in their new safe house. “And you went to drop off his coat and everything?”
Irene felt as though her heart might stop. She sat there hardly able to believe this was happening, letting Kate take the lead as she processed.
She’d check on them in due time. But for the moment her desire to live outweighed her desire for sexual stimulus. There would be time for the lesser priorities later.
He wondered if he should add the part about his libido, but a part of him felt…embarrassed by that. He’d acted like a pubescent, and though he was well aware of John’s own level of sexual entertainment based on the large amount of pornographic material in his search history, he felt John wouldn’t really understand.
Not gay. Not gay. John tried to repeat those things to himself over and over again as he made his way back towards the stairs.
I was a wreck by the time I returned to Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson started crying the instant I walked through the door, and while I did my best to comfort her, it’s impossible to offer true human compassion in the midst of total grief. The heart is a very selfish little creature sometimes. And in that instant it had barricaded itself up away from the world. Only after I’d seen her back to her kitchen with a cup of tea did I have my moment to myself. I wandered back upstairs, through the living room, past bullet holes and body parts and books and that lonely violin perched on the table. Only when I was safely tucked in my own room, did I allow myself to truly break down.
"Tell me and I'll text him. I'm sure you don't want to deal with the messiness of telling him yourself," Irene said.
“I’m taking a shower. You’d better be gone by the time I’m out,” Cindi said. “And John? Don’t call me.”
“Well,” he murmured, managing a smile, “I think you’re going to have to cancel those engagement plans. I really am surprised by your Mary. Here she’s telling me she’ll talk you round…I had no idea she meant to take it this far.”
She thanked him again for the lesson, even though it had been brief. She grabbed her things and headed for her lab, thinking only that the future was looking a little brighter.
Kate smirked and looked from the phone to the screen as the door closed. She began typing out a message, unable to contain a soft laugh at the thought of what was coming.
He turned to glance at me from where he’d been staring at this odd assortment of information he’d compiled onto a wall.
He walked to the door, closing his eyes for only a moment to steady himself. God, could this day be real? To think he’d had Sherlock there before him for once…like in all his fantasies and dreams. And yet to have him slip away in the end. Just like he’d always known he would.
If you’re expecting a quick entry into Johnlock…it should be obvious by now I’m going to draw it out a bit like Irene will. I almost jumped a significant amount, but looked through timelines and figured out the Woman case takes place in September so there’s a long chunk before Irene is pronounced “dead” on Christmas eve. Obviously this won’t all be canon, but I’m going to stick with some of the basics in that.
His eyes opened again, and John did his best to not let his emotions overwhelm him. This still seemed like some kind of dream.
After a moment he started up, taking the stairs gradually as he continued to gather the data he needed. In other circumstances he might have rushed, but he didn’t trust his mind under such circumstances. Not when he was still rejoicing over the possibility of John loving him.
“I cannot believe you actually thought we’d find someone,” Donovan muttered. “Those were the only people I could dig up in this whole school…half of them crazy and the others…” she shook her head.
“I don’t mean physically…well not solely. I mean…romantically. I love you, Sherlock. I want to be with you. I want to be yours I want you to be mine.”
He was perplexed by that. All he’d heard from her before was complaints. This was new. Perhaps she had picked up on some of the Christmas spirit or something. Or maybe she’d been drinking as much as he had. He hadn’t been watching her closely enough to tell.
“Why get him to admit he’s in love with dear Dr. Watson?” Irene said with a smirk. “And I think in many ways that might just play out to your advantage, wouldn’t it dear?”
“Anderson’s party is merely another excuse for the student population to coalesce in an atmosphere where they can consume excessive amounts of alcohol and rub their bodies on one another in the hopes of forgetting about their meaningless lives,” Sherlock muttered.
John frowned. “Shut up, Sherlock.” He raised his drink back to his lips for another swallow. Why did he need to be so insufferable? Especially during Christmas. Mrs. Hudson was busy saying it was the one time of year they had to be nice to her, but apparently that didn’t apply to everyone else. Sherlock just had to make Greg realize his wife was still cheating, and ruin John’s hopes that Harry was finally pulling herself together, and make Jeanette feel uncomfortable. And right on cue, Sherlock seemed to realize there was one member of the party who had been left out and his attention fixated on Molly.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow and gazed down at me expectantly, eyes searching over me. “I don’t understand what you mean, John. If you’re indicating you missed me…then I agree, I feel the same.”
“Oh, he went out hours ago,” Mrs. Hudson said with a smile. “Is that all? I have a cake in the oven. Best not leave it too long.”
Irene sighed and stalked off to the door. She paused only a moment, before heading out to face the reality that awaited her.
In the cab she admitted she’d liked him. I smiled, but I couldn’t help but sigh. Me too, Mary. If only you knew—
“I’m going out,” he announced. “Well…going to pop down to Mrs. Hudson’s for a moment and then go out.”
“Er…” John looked from Sherlock to Irene, only to remember she was naked and quickly try to avert his eyes. “We’re not doing that. Sorry.”
A month. She’d had a month. And she’d gotten nowhere. With the CIA on her tail, she’d had far too few opportunities to really work on Sherlock Holmes. She’d moved a few pieces on her chessboard, but she’d never gotten so far as to actually force his hand.
“I imagine John Watson thinks love’s a mystery to me but the chemistry is incredibly simple, and very destructive.”
. I found my gaze drawn to him, observing creamy skin beneath nearly translucent fabric. I became more aware for the first time of his angular body shape, the smooth sleek curve of muscle.
“Come on, I’ve got a plan,” Sally said with a sigh. “Wait a bit and we’ll put it to work. This needs time to fully come together.”
He dove back in for another kiss and then a few softer ones on Sherlock's neck, settling on an earlobe to give it a satisfying nip.
She tilted her head slightly. “Is that all? I’d have thought by now you’d have puzzled it out. You and your cleverness and all.”
“Perhaps you have a point,” Moriarty said softly. “But I’m guessing you want something for the information.”
"Yes," she said, lifting up the phone and typing something in. "There, I've texted him. I'm alive, let's have dinner."
But looking between the two men in the photos gave Irene chills. Until meeting Watson, Sherlock had lived alone, no friends, no real acquaintances. But something had changed when he began spending time with the doctor. Irene’s fantasies were only able to run wild with ideas. There had been rumors of course, but here seeing living proof before her eyes, Irene was convinced. Even if the two didn’t know it yet, there was a level of chemical attraction that made them just right.
A moment later he turned back in time to see Molly, smiling as she took Moriarty’s hand. Moriarty looked directly at Sherlock and gave a wink before sauntering off with her.
“And you,” he said sternly. “You will be reminded that I expect you to still maintain some decency. If you are arrested, impregnated, or the cause of any harmful behavior which will have serious consequences in your future years…you can expect full well that there will be further implications at home. Am I understood?”
Thankfully, his thoughts were put to a stop as the door suddenly opened and men with guns barged in. Sherlock rose to his feet, but there was nothing they could do. The men demanded he open the safe for them since he knew the combination. John watched in astonishment as they threatened him. But he noticed Irene’s eyes glint as the gun was placed to his head.
“Mrs. Hudson’s class was acceptable today as we spent the majority of it taking a test on the Elizabethan era. Quite simple with facts of course, so black and white. And as for the problems with Mycroft, well he’ll eventually have to accept that he is not and never will be our father. And that I will make my own life decisions and there is nothing he can do about it.”
She came to sit down again, though this time she laid her hand on John’s thigh. He couldn’t say he minded.
Finally, Lestrade had answered and Sherlock was unable to hold back a smile as he examined his prey.
Sherlock hadn’t slept much last night. Too much to think about, too much to do. Besides, lying in bed wasn’t conducive to forgetting that John had been out having sex with his newest girlfriend last night. They’d broken things off, but he was sure the doctor would be finding a replacement girlfriend in the next two weeks. Further proof he would never want Sherlock. It didn’t take a master detective to see John just wasn’t interested.
He walked to the door. His heart had sunk for some reason. Perhaps he’d grown used to Irene’s games…used them as excuses to be closer to John…to kiss him. And besides, the puzzles she had presented had certainly been intriguing.
Thanks to MollyMaloneandAbigailVanBuren and power0girl for comments! Positive feedback always helps me keep going. Thanks to everyone who subscribed, bookmarked, or kudoed as well! Hope to see you all in a few days with another chapter!
Mrs. Hudson was fussing over everything. Getting the decorations up and making food for all of them. John finally managed to convince her to just leave a sign on the door telling people to come upstairs in order to get her to sit down for a bit.
She sighed and shrugged, leaving John's stomach sinking as a sense of foreboding crept over him. Nothing good then. No, this didn't sound good at all.
He took an extra long swallow of his beverage before he grabbed the kettle and set about preparing a cup of tea. Once done he headed back to the sitting room, handing Mrs. Hudson the tea before settling down with his glass of wine.
“Sherlock was complaining,” Molly said. And then she seemed to realize what she’d said. “Saying,” she corrected.
“So,” Cindi said, as she leaned back on the couch and batted her eyelashes at him. “We gonna shag or what?”
He was roused from his thinking by the bathroom door opening. He glared in the general direction, watching as Irene stalked out wearing one of Sherlock’s dressing robes. He was only thankful it wasn’t his favorite. If that had been the case he might have flown at her to rip it off….or maybe not. That would likely put Sherlock in an even more awkward position again.
She stared at the screen, brow furrowed trying to determine how things had gone from so right to so horribly wrong. Men were idiots. That was the best solution she could come up with. Probably the main reason she preferred women actually.
“Very sweet,” Irene said with a chuckle. “Just a little idea I had that I presented to Shannon. It looks like it worked. I’m guessing Mr. Holmes won’t have too much trouble figuring it out. But I have a bit of an alternative motive for sending him there.”
Irene took a deep breath, closing her eyes for a moment and relaxing back into the steam. She allowed herself to linger just a moment before she turned off the tap. Sliding a hand over her skin to remove some of the water, she admired the soft texture and the near perfect shave of her legs.
“A bit,” I admitted reluctantly, going back to help her with the rest of the things. She gave me a concerned stare as I put things in the ice box for her. I couldn’t help but voice my thoughts.
“Make the most of them,” he said with a frown. “Fix old wrongs. I’m not sure I’d do anything less than most people. Even the most intelligent of us have a touch of sentiment at times.” He eyed her. “When you said that about my brother and his friend, were you lying? I won’t tell him either way.”
Irene smirked at him, and he knew she must have heard. Well then, he’d simply have to remark on her having sex with a politician’s wife then. The perfume really did make it obvious, she should have known better.
It wasn't until she was off the tube and boarding her train that she finally had a response. Another beep as the sun's rays began to peek in through the windows.
He opened one of the links. The first things he found were some videos with very busty women, but he soon found another on the site with two men that looked slightly more appealing. Of course, as he began watching, Sherlock couldn’t deny that nothing was taking him to the same level as his own self-pleasure thinking of John. Still, he watched a bit longer, wondering if perhaps he should try stimulating himself.
His hand wrapped around his flaccid length. Again, very little reaction, even to stimulation. This was what he’d normally recalled, his body acting in its usual asexual manner no matter how hard he tried otherwise in his brief attempts to be a normal boy.
Kate looked at the screen, pouting as she stared at the empty flat. Honestly, she wished Irene could engineer some way to keep the boys home for longer intervals. It was no fun with them always dashing off to new cases.
"Listen, has he ever had any kind of girlfriend…" he paused hardly daring to suggest it, "boyfriend… relationship ever?"
What the—John froze up, staring at her first, then at Sherlock who looked completely puzzled, sitting there now without his costume, coat lying to the side. Irene’s lipstick covered lips turned up at the corners, eyes staring at him almost hungrily. He didn’t know where to look so he settled for staring at Sherlock.
Irene felt her lower lip tremble, but again she couldn’t speak. She waited, feeling a few tears already leaking down her face and knowing full well she would not be able to contain them no matter what she did.
“Well, first off I had no idea someone like you could go for someone like little old me,” Kate purred. “And besides, it was before you converted me.”
His heart jolted even as his stomach seemed to twist up in knots. Why would she say that? One last power play then? One last chance to try to screw up things between him and Sherlock? Of course, such things were too hard for her to resist.
He opened his eyes again, willing the memory away. It wouldn’t do to dwell. But he honestly had no solution for the situation he’d just managed to set up. Months of happy memories might be wiped away with a few quick words.
“My day was perfectly fine, actually,” Molly said, though she figured he’d somehow deduced her lower marks on her French exam. It was a pity the tutoring hadn’t helped more. “What about yours?”
Molly had been looking forward to the party all week. When Mary had suggested going in spite of Mycroft’s instructions, Molly had to admit she was intrigued. Perhaps it was possible. After all, most evenings Mycroft was either off running the government, or he was deeply buried in his own work at home. So regardless, it seemed plausible to be able to sneak out.
“Of course you don’t,” Irene said with a sigh. “He is adorable though, isn’t he Sherlock? You like that sweet cluelessness don’t you?”
Of course, once John had properly cleaned himself up and taken something to help with the headache, he'd gone back out and tried to have a word with Sherlock. But it hadn't gone so well.
That was until the door opened while he was at the sink washing his hands, and John Watson stalked in.
His mood was poor enough he was tempted to comment on how pathetic a remark it was. John’s lack of basic reasoning sometimes… but still…this was the man he’d fallen for. And Sherlock didn’t have the heart to see a look of hurt on his face right now.
Her eyes strayed to his as he rose to go grab his coat. He knew she couldn’t come, so he drew near to bid her farewell. After all, who knew if she’d still be in 221 B when he came back.
“I was about to ask you,” Sherlock said, looking up at the wide eyed doctor. “Or have you stopped keeping track of all of the women you sleep with?”
“No no no, I can get this,” Sherlock said. “No, Sarah was the doctor and then there was the one with the spots and then the one with the nose and then…who was after the boring teacher?”
However, it brought about some serious thinking like nothing before. Truth was, I’d never been drawn to a bloke before. Not like that anyways. I mean—I wasn’t precisely inexperienced. I’d had a few fumbling experiments as a curious teenager, all that. I’m not some blinkered idiot who thinks love has to look one way. But I had been quite serious all those times I’d denied things. All those moments I said I wasn’t Sherlock’s date, I wasn’t gay, I wasn’t his boyfriend.
Donovan shrugged. “The boys at the school are idiots. And most of the girls aren’t the least bit interested.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and ignored her. She’d learn in time. She was young and untried. But given a few years she’d know as well as Sherlock did that love only destroyed.
As he called my name, I couldn’t stop myself from leaning up and gently pressing my lips to his, only momentarily before I collapsed back to the ground, vision fading completely out as Mary appeared beside him as well. If he was reacting, I couldn’t tell. I lost consciousness before anything else could happen.
John offered a half smile. Well, there was a small victory. At least she still was interested in having their “private” Christmas party together. He took another long drink. Maybe alcohol would make the time go faster.
Molly shrugged. “All types. I don’t think that matters all that much to him. I’d say if I had to guess anything he likes intelligence. But maybe there’s something else too. Not sure.”
Mary leaned in so her head was resting on my shoulder. I squeezed her tighter. I'd been so lucky in finding Mary. Part of me wanted to tell her this wasn’t necessary, that I loved her more than I did Sherlock Holmes. And yet another part of me was all too aware that wasn’t the case. I would spend the rest of my life wondering if there ever could have been more. And Mary didn’t deserve that. Maybe I didn’t love her as much as Sherlock, but I did care for her enough to not let her have an unhappy marriage with me pining for someone else.
He had to resist the urge to roll his eyes. All day he’d been trying to stop Molly from chatting at him. He’d been brusque with her. Kept his replies clipped. And yet somehow she still continued to try to make conversation, even with all of the ways he’d attempted to get her to leave off.
After time in war, and time solving murders, a dead body should be so commonplace. But this—this was different.
“You sneaky bastard,” he muttered, cracking his eyes open. “Well, you do what you want, but let me tell you my men have orders to go after John Watson if anything happens to me.”
She banished the thought, not eager to dwell on it. It was Christmas, she should be a bit more cheery she supposed. She had her plans made. Kate would live. But perhaps death would be kinder than…
I visited his grave on the recommendation of my therapist. An attempt to reconcile some of the grief, make up for my lack of real goodbyes. So I did, and I stammered to the harsh black stone about how I didn’t want him to be gone. Cor, I was near tears by the end again. But I held back, voice choked as I managed to find my words.
He recoiled slightly, trying to process what she was saying. Hadn’t it been him who’d fascinated her this whole time? But instead, as she began conversing with Mycroft about her phone, he began to realize it wasn’t in fact true.
Molly frowned but nodded. She didn’t quite understand what Mycroft expected to happen. She might not have his genius level of intelligence but she certainly wasn’t an idiot.
What? Hold on. John blinked a few times, confused. Where had she gotten that? He glanced towards Sherlock who wasn’t giving any indication the statement had bothered him.
Sally had hoped for more from the party to be honest. Seeing the look on Anderson’s face certainly had been a selling point, but as soon as she had a drink and looked around she had to admit she wanted more than this. She’d spent so long now helping Greg try to get the girl that she’d almost given up on her own romantic pursuits. Not that she really had anything going.
As he began trying to focus on dissecting his frog, he noted something going on a few tables away from him.
“Hmm? Oh, well…” Sherlock broke off. He knew the basic principle, of course. Sucking on the skin most commonly the neck would result in broken blood vessels creating a distinctive bruise. But he had no practical experience with these things.
He could barely keep his voice from rising in tone, barely able to contain what he was feeling. He grinned and did his best not to stare too long at the boy across the room. Still, the very sight of this person had visions of Molly dancing through his head. He was one step closer.
Irene rolled her eyes. “Be stubborn. But don’t say I didn’t warn you. You’re a catch, Sherlock. Whether you realize it or not. And come now, wouldn’t it be nice to let loose a little for once? Enjoy yourself?”
“Cor, don’t say it that way, sounds pretty bad,” Lestrade said with a grin. “John taking his sexual frustration out on you.”
“Know more than you think actually,” he said. “‘I’m not stupid you know,” he muttered under his breath.
"Wait…you mean…" John trailed off as he thought about that night and his ridiculously erotic dream. "That was…real? What happened? Was…"
Sherlock on the edge of the roof, that dark silly coat of his flapping in the wind, his collar pulled up in that way he always did in attempts to look mysterious and brooding and…well… Sherlock. Sherlock telling me goodbye. Sherlock stepping closer and then falling, like something out of a nightmare flailing in the air while I stood at a distance hardly able to move, heart pounding, breath failing me as I watched my flatmate, my partner, my
Sherlock sent her a hard stare. It was in that moment he decided to end the Moriarty problem before it could even begin. He glanced at Molly before looking at Mycroft. “You’re getting slow. How have you not worked out that she took a ride home today?”
He reached the sitting room in something of a daze. Sinking onto the sofa, he again let his eyes close, doing his best to block out the memory of what had happened. Perhaps he should delete it entirely. What a disaster. An utter disaster.
“Please John, I…I can’t do this,” Sherlock begged. “You…you’re so wonderful and I…not while you’re drunk. It wouldn’t be real…And…you have a girlfriend”
"Well then, why don't you just explain why there's a dead body as my Christmas present instead of that information I wanted. Daddy's getting a little teensy bit angry," he singsonged.
However, to his surprise she didn’t even glance at him. Instead, she pushed past him, smirking. “Not you, junior. You’re done.”
His thoughts went racing back to that night. But all he could come up with was how upset Sherlock had seemed to be over Irene's death. Surely there was nothing about it that should cause him so much distress in the moment.
John was sitting in his chair with a book and a glass of alcohol. His face was flushed and his eyes slightly red. In a moment Sherlock could tell he’d had far too much to drink. It happened every so often with John. Probably some alcoholism in the family. As a drug user Sherlock couldn’t exactly scold John on the bad habit though.
She sighed and watched the video again, admiring the way Watson had pinned Sherlock to the bed. So sexy. She’d thought Watson might come out on top, and in this case that did appear to be correct. But then again, in different circumstances it was possible that Sherlock might try to push his own dominance. It would be interesting to see.
John looked the other boy over, wondering how easy it would be to punch him in the nose, kick him in the shin and then watch him topple to the ground. Too easy. But he was trying to do better this year. Fewer fights. Less drama. More focus on his studies.
“I don’t want to see you again,” Kate said. “Not after having you put in the grave. God how could you do that to me? How…” she broke off, and the choked sound of her voice became hard again. “I don’t care. No. I’m through. You go back to living our little risky game of a life. But you can count me out.”
"Well…you don't…work that way," John said. "I mean, when I've asked you about boyfriends or girlfriends or anything you just…" he cleared his throat, "you said it wasn't your area…that you were married to your work."
“Absurd?” Mycroft sneered. “How quickly did you decipher that email for her? Was it the full minute, or were you really
Dinner at Angelo’s. More cases. Lestrade noticed that as well. Commented on it once or twice too as though his statement would somehow make a point. And then there were odd outings on occasion. That Sunday morning in particular, a walk in the park. By the time they got back, John realized he needed to act. Things had become too strange.
In their youth he’d always admired Molly’s selflessness, but it appeared that had all but disappeared in an instant.
Unable to restrain a smile, she leaned a bit closer, admiring the lines of the detective’s body on the bed, his slim chest rising and falling with the deeper breaths of sleep.
She'd said it. Finally. Those words had escaped and she'd told the truth about how she felt. But it seemed so unlikely that her feelings were returned.
"Oh, is he home?" Mrs. Hudson hissed. She pushed a few stacks of papers back into place and shuffled nervously towards the stairs, meeting Sherlock just as he reached the landing.
“Well perhaps that’s just how men are,” Lestrade said with a shrug. “Just want the sex and nothing else.”
He tilted his head slightly before turning sharply in the other direction to make a brisk line across the floor again.
“Afraid of you?” Sherlock said. “Fear is a waste of time. Especially irrational fear. And for someone like you…well it would be just that. So, if you don’t mind getting out of my way…I’ll be going.”
She rolled her eyes. “Watch this.” She made a point of waving at one of them and smiling. “How’s it going?”
“No. Wait. I have it.” Sherlock walked over and typed in the numbers. He called out behind him, and John figured it just in time, ducking down even as a gun went off. Sherlock and he had little trouble subduing the men. Irene Adler was glowing by the time they were finished.
“So what, I’m supposed to buy him some noodles and classical music and sit around listening to him prattle about science?” John muttered.
“Sherlock,” he tried, but the boy was already dancing, and people had begun to form a circle around him.
I swallowed, wondering why that comment seems so strange. I didn’t know why it should matter to him if I have facial hair or not.
Molly noticed there was something off about Sherlock the moment he walked in through the door. Well, not to say she hadn’t seen plenty of hostility from him in the past, but she could see the tension in his shoulders. The way he carried himself tighter than normal, not the usual grace his dancer’s body required.
Sorry folks. Long wait I know. I moved to another country and then was preoccupied with adjusting to life there and um now I have a girlfriend… it’s just been a lot. No judgement if you unfollow. Trust me I’ve done it before.
He turned and stared at the stage to avoid the eyes the other boy was making at him. Really this was becoming absurd.
“Thank god,” he muttered. “I thought you’d run off somewhere. Was already envisioning my evening combing London for you. Are you all right?”
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips. “I might tolerate a little nonsense from you, Sherlock. But that is quite enough. Go to the office at once.”
There was a pause before Lestrade stood as well. He didn’t savor the idea of angering Sherlock, but nonetheless, any information he could gain would be one step closer to calling something like this an actual date.
"Christ!" John gasped, doing his best to cover himself, and finding all he had to do the job was the lube. It did a pitiful job of it, but it was better than nothing.
John’s face fell. “Was it? Really?” He reached up to run a hand through his hair, tousling it. Sherlock nearly smiled at the sight, but this wasn’t the time for him to become sentimental. It was serious.
Momentarily distracted from the thought of her two boys playing, Irene smiled and turned to catch Kate in a soft kiss.
No, something wasn’t right. Something wasn’t fitting. Before she could say another word he was standing.
Anyhow, so so so sorry again on long wait. If I find more inspiration for this I promise to try to post more frequently. Also, comments definitely give me more motivation! Also find me on Tumblr. I go by elsarenard there too!
he fall out the window?” Lestrade said with a sigh. Sherlock didn’t dare look at him, but he could see the familiar expression. Lestrade saw through him far too easily now adays.
After some consideration she lowered the phone, tucking it away again. No. Not now. She had to not let sentiment get the better of her. Her heart couldn’t direct what her brain needed to.
Mary certainly wasn’t traditionally beautiful. She was nothing like other women I’d gone for before. But that didn’t mean I couldn’t appreciate aspects of her. I think in many ways, there was something about her, about the way she spoke, the way she carried herself. I was embarrassed of course, but intrigued as well. I stayed with her to make sure there was nothing else that could be done. But of course, at that point it was more about just talking with her a bit as she tried to dry up the fabric.
a girlfriend,” John said with a scowl. “And these are still embarrassing to explain even with a significant other in the picture. I mean, normally you don’t do these on purpose, you know. They just sort of happen in the heat of the moment.”
“Oh, a few broken ribs, fractured skull ... suspected punctured lung,” Sherlock said clenching one hand into a fist.
“Just a minor encounter with the freak,” Donovan muttered, glancing at Lestrade. “That’s your girlfriend’s brother.”
“Oh…um…decided I didn’t like her…nose,” John had said, cursing himself for not coming up with a better excuse.
Another chapter! Warnings- masturbation, and some BDSM for Miss Adler. As always, I’ll say I’m not usually a graphic smut writer, but I want people to be warned either way.
"As am I," Sherlock murmured, leaning in to brush a kiss against John's cheek and then a few more at his neck.
“The Glee episodes?” Moriarty said, raising a brow. “Of course. Marvelous that. Very fun. Nice singing.”
It was true; she had made a point of showing off her proportions. If the body matched those it would be a good indication. With the dark hair and the clue of the phone being sent to him. His little Christmas gift. Though he much preferred to think of the kiss as his true gift…
Sherlock shrugged and grabbed yet another drink. John tried to take it, but Sherlock was having none of that.
Mary took me home eventually. Sherlock still had a puzzled look on his face as she whispered something to him before we left.
Mrs. Hudson frowned. “Sherlock, you can think what you like about literature, but there is no denying it has an affect on the world around us. Why without writing you would never have been able to catalogue our understanding of science. If you’d be quiet you might actually learn something.”
However, as he thought of Irene and what she’d done to him, a better thought popped into his mind. Why not do an experiment? The drugs had likely been swept out of his system by now. Or at least he didn’t feel altogether different from normal. So, if he tried recreating the same scenario and seeing if it had the same effect—why that might shed some light on whether or not she’d drugged him or not.
Sherlock kept his mind focused on the image, even though it was painful. John stepping forward. John asking for information in his usual calm and collected way, a smile in place while he chatted casually with Lestrade.
“I’m afraid this conversation will have to continue later. I have an important meeting in a few minute’s time. We can discuss this further this evening.”
He pressed the button, readying himself for the triumph of being able to hand the phone over to Mycroft. The game was over then. No more of this. Irene Adler, finished.
He poured himself a drink and settled down in front of the telly. No point going to bed. Not when curiosity about Sherlock and his whereabouts would keep him up.
“If I didn’t know any better I’d say you want to get rid of me,” I said as he we headed up the stairs.
Sherlock stood, stalking over and scooping up John’s laptop. He’d changed the password yet again, but really it wasn’t too hard to tell. A few of the letters were smudged from where he’d been eating while typing yesterday, and it had been around then Sherlock remembered getting a glare.
"I'd like to try to find some work," Irene said. "Nothing…indiscreet," she said, with a glance in Kate's direction.
Irene jerked up from the bed to the sound of her phone ringing. She groaned and managed to extricate herself from Kate’s tight embrace, sliding out of the sheets to go and grab her mobile. She stared down at the number for just a moment before steeling herself and answering.
And it did. That at least was not a lie. He tried his best to think more on what Molly had said. He hadn’t been given a chance to purchase any kind of gift. But he’d have to think on that some.
“Lestrade. We’ve had a break-in at Baker Street. Send your least irritating officers and an ambulance.”
Their lips met. Noses knocked briefly until John adjusted slightly, turning his head to avoid the awkwardness. John kept it tender at first, just a soft light touch of mouths, no tongue included. He heard Irene’s breath hitch behind them, even as his own caught in his throat. There was another noise too, and he quickly realized Sherlock had emitted some sort of groan.
Just his name had Sherlock’s heart beating a little faster. Just the thought of his face made Sherlock’s breath halt in its path out of his lungs. When he let his imagination roam to the thought of John unclothed…his cock responded just as most men’s would to sexual stimuli. But Irene Adler…nothing. She inspired a touch of a smile. Maybe an imagined nod in her direction. A tip of a hat so to speak. But nothing more.
“Have I?” she asked, blinking. “Hmm well one forgets in such fine company. So…have you decided what you’ll do? Will you tell John?”
“We know you’re in there, Miss Adler,” an American accented voice floated through the door. “You open this or we break it open.”
He moved off her and collapsed to the side on the bed, panting as he tried to regain his breath. He wondered if she would be alright with him staying the night too so he didn’t have to go back to Sherlock. However, when he turned to look at her he found her staring at him.
He went and settled in his chair. For a moment there was a temptation to close his eyes. Maybe it was all just a bad dream, and he could wake up to find Sherlock alone with him in the flat.
They headed to the stairs. Molly was as quiet as possible, tiptoeing down to the entryway and moving towards the door. Mycroft, to her surprise, was sitting in the living room. However, his back was facing them and he had a newspaper in his hands. Well, perhaps not the end of the world.
Lestrade eyed the various unfamiliar faces in the half-shadows. A scruffy looking boy with red-rimmed eyes and unkempt clothing. His exact opposite in a tailored suit with uptight posture. A more pudgy fellow with fingers rattling along his knee as he twitched impatiently. A man with a full beard who looked like he belonged on a wanted sign rather than in a high school. Finally Lestrade’s gaze settled on an attractive looking fellow in the corner. Arms folded over his chest, but still looking curious and interested.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, but he again couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation for such behavior. Perhaps John was angry with him then? Had he done something wrong?
“You’re just offended because you’ve been eying him for months now,” Irene said. “Sad he took so long to notice you, Sherlock?”
There was a brief pause before another moan filled the room. John sighed and threw his hands in the air.
“Sounds nice. But how about we play a few games of our own,” Kate whispered, licking along the shell of her ear.
"Fine, then I'll tell him and I still won't help you." He turned to go, wondering how he'd even start that conversation.
“I don’t know why you live with him. He’s absolutely horrid,” Jeanette muttered. “And I work with seven year olds who can be complete brats.”
John’s thoughts and behaviors towards Irene are not supported by the writer. I completely disagree with slut shaming and believe women should possess the right to have as much or as little sex as they like without repercussions, but felt a little trash!John was necessary for this chapter.
"Yes," Irene managed to whisper, clearing her throat. She smiled as best she could. "Come here my naughty girl."
John licked his lips and managed a nod, waiting breathless as Sherlock leaned forward. One of those hands had his chin gently tilted, the other hand moved to press against his back. For a moment, John let his eyes linger on Sherlock, but as soon as their lips pressed together he let them fall shut, surrendering to darkness in favor of just letting sensations take him.
“Yeah, for the first time ever she’s cleaned up her act. She’s off the booze!” John said, raising his drink.
“If you’re feeling kind, lock her up; otherwise let her go. I doubt she’ll survive long without her protection.”
He’d asked a friend of his to set him up. Next thing he knew he had Cindi, some accountant who always wore polka dots. Sherlock had seen fit to comment on that right away. Or he’d mumbled some comment neither had caught, but nonetheless managed to seem like some kind of an insult…and probably was knowing Sherlock.
“Why?” Watson asked, brow furrowing. He looked back towards them, eyes narrowing as he did, fingers curling more tightly on the tool in his hands.
It had taken a moment for him to register the mistake. John too by the looks of things. But after a few seconds it had become clear. And that was really when it had all become too much. Panic had set in.
Watson stared at him for a long moment. “Well it’s not The Rite of Spring, but I’d at least heard it was pretty good. So do you mind letting me actually enjoy?”
“Ooo, please say Sherlock is jumping his bones after his wanking section!” Kate jerked her head, trying to see behind her.
What? How did? It was so odd, but I ignored it in favor of allowing him to continue. I vaguely remembered this part from my birthday, but it was hazy.
“I don’t know where it came from,” Sherlock said, bracing himself as he finally let the truth come out. “Is that honesty enough for you? I don’t have any logical reason for saying those words. For once…sentiment and emotion and all that nonsense got the better of me. And before I could even think, the words had escaped. I apologize for the little break in rationality. I promise it won’t happen again.”
“You’re wrong about her,” Lestrade insisted. “She’s more than a pretty face. There’s something undeniably…warm about her. Friendly. Open. Welcome.”
John gave him a slap to his thigh that had him gasping, staring up with a half accusing half aroused look.
“So what’s wrong? Trouble with Mrs. Hudson again? Or is it still this nonsense about dance school?” she said, hoping one of her guesses was close.
After what felt like eternity, Shannon rose from her seat, thanked John and grabbed her coat. He smiled at her, eyes warm. Sherlock’s jaw clenched involuntarily, becoming even tighter when John leaned over to kiss Shannon, long and passionate and far too intimate for Sherlock’s liking.
On seeing his face she laughed outright. John was scrunching further under the desk, trying to hide how much the idea was affecting him.
"If you ask that again we're stopping now," he said. "I'm not going to break. And if I'm the slightest bit uncomfortable I will be letting you know. Now, if you wouldn't mind focusing we might actually enjoy this more."
John smirked and shook his head. "You're all mine. I'm not sharing you, Sherlock. Never. Now come here."
Lestrade turned to look just in time to see Molly pulling out a bright red… oh god was that a thong?
After a bit the sound of footsteps stirred him from his hopes of sleep. He looked up at Sherlock as he stalked back into the room. His brow was furrowed, hands steepled under his chin as he began a pace of the sitting room.
Kate smiled at that, in complete agreement. She shut the computer they’d left open to watch the two men. No bother really, nothing too interesting had been happening. Other than complete and total sexual frustration. But they’d look in after a few weeks of hiding out. Likely by then sparks would be beginning to fly.
His eyes narrowed. This had to be some kind of a set up. Though how Watson had managed to procure such a ticket wasn’t something he was quite sure about. Was the boy really that set on getting into his pants?
He grabbed Sherlock’s arm and tried to pull him from the table, stopped only as the boy resisted, pulling back until his head clunked into the chandelier.
“We’ll deal with it,” John muttered. He turned back towards the door as though to leave, probably still focused on getting some eggs for breakfast.
A short while after everything had settled some, I realized I still wasn’t quite getting over things. Sure, I’d moved out and was finding my way in the world again. But things still felt off. Odd. Confusing. I’d lost friends in war and it had never felt quite like this. So what was it about Sherlock that could put me in such a rut?
It had been a month. A month of sleeping in separate bedrooms and practically avoiding each other. Kate was working at a law firm, spending much of her time at her office instead of in the house. The few words they'd exchanged had been curt. And Irene knew it might take more time to ease the rift she'd created between them. But that didn't make it easy.
“I think she’s still out of your league,” the imbecile beside him said. “And there’s the matter of Sherlock and all.”
She smiled. “John, you know I’d gladly marry you. I love you dearly…however, I don’t want to be…” she sighed. “I know things have changed now…and I don’t want you to feel…stuck with me…”
Mary didn’t look altogether pleased either, eyeing Greg with a look of disdain. He shuffled a bit closer to Molly herself.
John almost tripped as he moved towards the bed, gathering his bearings as he pushed Sherlock forward. He watched in a mixture of amusement and arousal as the detective fell onto the bed, arms still wide as he beckoned John to come lie down with him. John felt himself harden just at the sight of Sherlock stretched out on the bed.
But still, he remembered something about John in all of that. Thinking about John. Hmm…odd. Still, in scientific process he decided to repeat with the same variables to see if he had the same results. So he began to think about John. Imagining him there in the room, smiling warmly.
He felt like his heart might truly stop. God, could this be possible? Sherlock Holmes asking to kiss him?
The door closed behind him, and he breathed a sigh of relief. Good, escaped from that little trap. Mycroft wouldn’t know, he’d think it something to do with Irene Adler. And Sherlock could return to his pining for John in peace.
“You do realize I have no control of when she texts,” Sherlock said. “It could be in front of Mrs. Hudson. It could be in front of Lestrade on a case. It could be with a client.”
“You weren’t far off though. Like you I need a heart to my brain. Brainy might be sexy…but it requires balance, doesn’t it? Why if you only had your John here I guarantee he would have sorted you out.”
