Their hands gripped each other anywhere they could reach, shoulders, hips, hair, and it felt incredible. Dean felt like he could lose himself in it and never resurface. It was exactly the release he’d been needing. Killing vamps was cathartic, sure, but nothing could replace the high of being
“Autopsy results,” Sam said. Dean showed no signs of recognition, so he asked, “Are you still drunk?”
Sam sighed and worked his jaw. It was the look he got when he knew Dean was right, but he didn’t like it.
“Had to break up a fight earlier,” Donnie replied, wincing around the burn of the whiskey as it went down. “Just the usual suspects, you know. Not much else to do in this town other than cause trouble.”
, is what it was. There was a thrill in the terror that that kind of lack of direction inspired. He’d never had the luxury of not knowing what the future held for him before.
Before he could say anything else though, Cas took two steps to close the distance between them and kissed him.
“You mean like Jody’s worried about you?” he asked her. “She’s called every day since you left, you know. You could at least text her back.”
Claire shot him the tiniest grin before saying, in a softer voice, “You know he’s just worried about you.”
“What happened next…” Cas looked over at the peeling floral wallpaper as he tried to think of what to say. Finally, he said, “The righteous man never gave up on the angel, and the angel already had his own doubts; about Heaven, about his father’s plan. So, he decided to help the man. He rebelled.”
“I can’t do this anymore!” he said, clearly exasperated. “Maybe you can just forget, but the rest of us can’t! And I’m tired of pretending all the damn time, so if you’d like to live in your delusion then that’s fine by me, but I can’t do it anymore, Dean. I just can’t.”
, the thought entered his mind like a brick to the face. For just a second, his heart dropped into his stomach, and it pulled him up short.
They made it to Reno for lunch, which was incidentally where Charlie was staying. Dean hadn’t really gotten the chance to catch up with her after Jack brought everyone back, but he’d been thinking about her. She wasn’t his Charlie, not really anyways. The girl he’d loved like a little sister was long gone, but it was still her deep down and that meant something to him. So, he sent off a quick text after Cas took over the last part of the morning’s drive and hoped she’d respond.
“It’s the square one,” Sam said, only sort of seriously because obviously Dean knew which key opened the Impala.
! I thought I’d never get to…” he trailed off as his jaw snapped shut and he stared at Cas, willing him to fill in the blanks of that sentence for himself.
He’d tried the whole apple pie life thing once, with decidedly unsatisfactory results. After how terribly things had ended with Lisa, he’d pretty much given up on the idea of it altogether. There was always some new crisis to avert, some new fuck up to fix. He’d pretty much come around to the idea that he’d die bloody before he ever saw the chance to stop fighting, whether by apocalypse or some terrible accident. Here he was though, not a single world-ending problem knocking at the door, with the love of his life at his side for the rest of their human lives. It was almost more freedom than he could figure out what to do with.
They made it nearly to the door before a woman with long, wavy brunette hair walked over from her group of friends and stopped directly in front of Dean with the air of someone who had a bone to pick. He looked over her shoulder at Sam, who just shrugged.
It was probably undignified, the way he threw himself into Cas, but he couldn’t bring himself to care as he wrapped his arms around him and gripped the fabric of the familiar trenchcoat in his hands. Cas didn’t say anything in response, but he returned the embrace just as fiercely.
“Most of us don’t know, there’s a selected group who have been pulling strings here and there, but no one knows who’s giving the orders. Word is, he’s powerful and wants to finished what you started”.
“I got more pieces, but not the complete picture. I’m sorry.” Riley turns her gaze to her hands which turn to fists a second later, she squeezes her eyes shut.
Sam and Riley walk quickly through the maze that is this cave, trying not to make a sound, while searching for Dean and Cas and then the exit, they leave a few demons knocked out in their path. Finally, they reach a room filled with weapons and explosives. They rummaged the place and find their belongings; now, Sam armed with the Demon-Killing Knife and Riley with her angel blade, they sweep the corridors more swiftly. After checking every other corridor, they only have two left, one they assume is the exit, the other must be where they’ll find Dean and Cas. A sound comes from one of the corridors, a scream; they look at each other and make a run for it, they reach a heavy door, the screaming is coming from behind the door. Sam pushes with all his strength as he hears the unmistakable source of the screams, Dean.
“Well, you’ll always be an angel for me, Cas”. Dean stated, as if it were the only truth he knew. “You saved me, remember?” he grinned. “Gripped me tight, raised me from perdition, all that…” he continued with a playful tone. “You know, my mom always said angels were watching over me, but after what we went through when we were younger, I didn’t believe in angels. Not until I met you…” he sighed. “…You’re
Dean was still straddling him; he took his own cock in his right hand and started pumping. It was a miracle Dean hadn’t come just from contemplating Cas, he was so beautiful, so perfect, and the image of him reaching his orgasm, was imprinted in Dean’s mind. He’s hand was going faster, hips shifting erratically. Cas was taking in the view, bewildered. He reached out both hands and placed them on Dean’s hips, at the contact, Dean look down. Again those beautiful blue eyes were on him, full of wonder and surprise.
They are almost at the end of the second hour but since all are having so much fun (well, except maybe Sam, for how things are going, Dean is going to regret whatever he says during the night and Sam’s gonna have to carry him to bed; not like he’s completely wasted… yet, but he’s definitely getting there), they decide to stay for a while longer, this means that two more rounds of pizza and beer are served, and now Dean is spilling all his inner thoughts for the others to listen.
Angels do as they’re told, and that is that. No questions asked, no explanations of any kind, they get the job done.
Three days later Riley and Castiel wake up gasping for air, as the earth trembles below them, they get out of bed and find the boys in the middle of the corridor, cracks appear on the walls of the bunker in response to the force of the movement, suddenly the tremble stops.
over and over, and feel his angel smile against his lips, then hearing him sigh, content, and respond ‘
“Okay, well; is there something special this year? I mean you say it’s just been a couple of suicides at a time. We’re investigating at least 10 right now. And it doesn’t seem like it’ll stop soon”
“I’ve heard… there are rumors” he says out of breath. “They are preparing for something big, I don’t know what it is though”
She feels pain, she feels as if she’s been burned alive, or skinned… so much pain. She sees a figure and hears a voice
Jack followed Sam. Sam began explaining the game to Jack, while pointing at other players while they throw a ball on their respective lanes, he explains that he has to try and knock over as many pins on each turn, the pins that are knocked over count as points, and the person who has more points by the end of the game is the winner.
Riley grabs the demon’s hand and twists it while she lands her right fist in the middle of his face. Sam lurches at the woman and knocks her down, silencing her.
At last, Dean got to the waistband of Cas’ boxers; Dean drew back, leaning on his left arm. “Cas” he said, voice raw and deep. Cas stared up at him, his eyes darkened, the blue almost unnoticeable; the sight of Cas staring back at him that way made Dean’s dick twitch. “Cas, we don’t - we don’t have to do anything if you don’t want to…” Dean said, breathing heavy.
First of all I'd like to apologize for taking so long on this chapter, work has been taking so much of my time lately, but hey here you go. Enjoy.
“I have to go” Riley blurts out, she turns her head a little, looking for a way out, which is stupid, she could just vanish, but her human body still responds to its instincts, self-preservation is a priority for humans. She straightens up, and forces herself to stay where she is.
A laugh booms loudly on the field, Lucifer steps out of the barn, closely followed by Metatron and a group of demons.
“Pain and fear make the brain work… faster, more efficiently than it does on a normal state; been under pressure allows me to access the mind easily and also prevents him from hiding any thoughts, since he is too busy feeling and processing the pain, trying to figure a way to get rid of it”.
The demon throws Dean across the room, and manages to kick the knife out of Sam’s hand. Cas turns his attention to Dean while Riley goes after the demon. Dean’s on his feet and while his brother and the girl are fighting; he gets his gun and fires once at the demon’s chest. The demon stops moving and falls to the ground, devil’s trap bullets do come in handy. The others turn to look at him.
Dean gives her a lopsided smile “I figure as much… When I saw your determination on keeping him safe. It kinda reminded me of me and Sammy”
Dean stood up, leaving the laptop on the table and crossed the room; he sat next to Cas, who was propped by some pillows. “You don’t have to go through that, I’m here, we’re here. We’re not going anywhere.” he stressed every word, and took Cas’ hand between his.
They all sit down to finish their breakfast, Dean’s hand on Cas thigh, because why not, he is now, after all “his Angel”.
“But nothing” Dean interjects “Sammy and I can take this, it’s just a little run to a near town, we’ll be okay, right Sammy?”
Dean let go of Cas with a pop, he wrapped his right hand around Cas and started pumping faster, he went in for a kiss, propping himself on his left arm; Cas was beautiful, and he wanted to see him come, he wanted to remember this forever. Cas was so close to release, he put his hands on Dean’s shoulder, as if he was his lifeline. Dean bent down; and grazed his teeth over Cas’ ear. “Let go, angel. Come for me…” Dean breathed.
Sam and Riley join them while Cas extends his left arm to put around Riley’s hip, his right arm over Dean’s back, holding onto his shoulder. Dean and Riley extend and arm each for Sam to take, and as soon as everyone is linked Castiel shuts his eyes. Nothing happens.
There are benches along the deck, and she sees a man sitting there, she keeps walking and as she nears the man, she recognizes the familiar hunch of his shoulders, Dean. He’s looking straight ahead, a few more steps and she notices another figure, Cas, lying down with his head on Dean’s lap.
“Yeah, how do you suppose we do that in the middle of freaking nowhere!?” Dean said, this was too much for him, “this was a small case man, how did this even happened!?”
The demon burst out laughing and Riley is clearly angry; reaches her hand, placing it over his head and the laughter turns into horrible screeches. The brothers are too stunned to do anything but stare at the scene unfolding before them, the girl’s eyes radiating with the grace within her.
From this point on, whenever it’s not Dean’s turn, and he gets to sit at the table, he doesn’t stop talking about Castiel.
Suddenly, Jay grabs her by the neck first his fingers closed around lightly and Riley opens her eyes, when she looks down, Jay’s face changes, from awe to a devilish smirk, and Riley knows she’s in for a ride. Suddenly Jay squeezes her neck and she starts gasping for air, Jay drives her back down to the mattress in an instant and Riley is in a haze, she loves when Jay gets a bit rough and she smiles up at him. He looks down “Looks like I’m gonna make an angel fall from grace” he smirks again, Riley grabs Jay’s clothed cock a smirk on her face, “looks like angels like me can come down here and play with demons”, Jay’s breath hitched as he looked down to where Riley’s hand starts moving up and down Jay’s length, he looks back up “
And since they can’t help it, and it looks like Riley remembers a lot more about the past, they ask her about God.
“I’m surprised” Dean says and Riley looks at him, her brow furrowed as Dean continues “I thought gravitating towards Cas was my thing, but it seems you do that as well”
In front of them was a guy, at least twice Riley’s size he turned to look at the brothers, a grin spreading across his face.
“Well, I’m not sure, I mean, I’m 23 but I don’t know if I've been here that long. I could have been here longer than that, a lifetime before, two even” she suggests “It sucks not knowing, I keep trying to get back those specific memories, the ones that could help me understand what happened. Why did I fall? How long ago? Maybe I was a bad angel and they cast me out, I honestly don’t know”
She wakes up, the room is dark, for a second she’s afraid, until she remembers where she is, bunkers don’t have windows. Riley stretches and for the first time in a very very long time, she feels rested. She gets out of bed enjoying the stretches she makes once she’s on her feet as she yawns lazily. Her throat is dry, so she goes for her bottle but finds it empty, she grunts.
“I know what he said, but apparently, it can’t be done.” Metatron huffs. “we’ll just have to tell him to take care of her once he’s released… I cannot kill her, I tried everything. DO NOT let anyone else know about this, or you’ll be sitting in that chair next.”
“Okay, let’s make this quick. I’m not in the mood…” he says while holding the flask and pouring some holy water on the ropes.
Metatron turns to look at them, like a deer caught in headlights. “KILL THEM!” half a dozen demons spring into action. Riley kills two of them as she makes her way to Cas, Metatron stumbling out of her way, and releases him. Sam goes to Dean; he kills the demon that was hurting Dean and then frees his brother. A dozen more demons come running through the door. Riley locks her eyes on Metatron, his face pale, eyes nervous.
Cas pauses. There’s an instinctual urge in him to just agree, born of some desperate part inside of him that’s been beating against his ribcage and begging him to check on Dean. He
Painters are coming next week to fix the atrocity that is the peeling yellow shit on the exterior of the house. After one too many conversations with Pete, Dean had sucked it up and splurged a bit and hired someone else to do the painting for him. Last weekend, he fixed the deck. Got rid of the rickety planks that made it sketchy to walk on and fixed the railing. That’ll get painted, too. Then it’ll be a picture perfect spot for something totally corny like a porch swing. Cas would like that, Dean thinks. Somewhere to sit and watch the stars.
He had believed that was a good enough exposure to the human potential for getting sick. But it hadn’t, in all honestly, prepared him for how he would react the first time Claire gets sick.
“I thought you might yell at me,” he confesses. Claire slides to the left and makes room for him on the porch step next to her, and he sits down carefully.
She laughs and ducks her head to hide her embarrassment, and Cas turns so she won’t see his smile and think he’s teasing her. She’s not much older than Sam was when he left Stanford. Less than a decade older than Claire.
They get out of the Impala. “This is it, huh?” Dean huffs glancing at the others. “If we go down, might as well be with guns blazing.”
“Well, last night, Dean said he would like to see your wings someday; because he thought they were graceful… so I was just wondering, if it’s possible that you could show me.” Jack says matter-of-factly.
“I know you don’t remember what you said last night, and it’s okay. No one will hold you accountable for anything” Castiel says with a serious face.
The brothers get rid of the body in the forest and that night, they discuss every single piece of information they have, trying to connect everything. And the scary conclusion is that the one making the calls must be Metatron, he was seen last with the demon tablet, after attempting to kill Cas, he disappeared. The guys tell Riley everything concerning Metatron, Riley does remember who he is, the scribe of God. They tell her about his past behavior, how he hide for a millennia and was brought back, eventually taking center stage of the events unraveling; the angels’ fall, the consequent civil war.
Sam doesn’t have a response to that. Cas just forces a smile anyway and goes back to his own room to take a shower.
They hang up not long after that, Sam murmuring something about Kelly waking up and wanting to focus on the road, and Cas sits for a long while just staring at his cell phone and wondering what’s coming next for his family. Claire finds him there, when she finally finishes whatever project she’d started, and she pulls her headphones out when she sees the look on his face.
His heart is in his throat. His heart is tucked under the covers of her bed and drifting off to sleep. He feels like he might cry again, and he’s sure his voice shakes when he murmurs, “I love you most,” before pulling her door closed and leaving her to rest.
The lack of commandment feels unbearable, in the moments where Castiel allows himself to think about it for more than a second. There are still times where he catches himself waiting for someone to give him directions. He doesn’t know if he would even follow them now, if they came, but he expects them nonetheless. As a soldier of the Lord, acceptance and obedience where the only things he knew. Creation was life, death was death. Orders were orders. And angels wouldn’t waver or hesitate or question. They called it devotion. They called it
“There are worse things in the world than people caring about you, kid,” Dean tells her. He glances up at her as an idea starts to form. “Hey, if you get all your homework done before the weekend, you can help me tear the cabinets down. If you want.”
There are few things in Cas’s life that have even come close to comparing to moments like this. Castiel has lived a long existence, so much of it that he’d never be able to remember it all even if he started writing it down today; and though most of it shined, none of it was as bright as the beacon that led Cas to Dean’s soul that very first time in hell. Hardly any of it compares to this.
He startles when he feels Dean’s hand on his wrist. He’d almost forgotten Dean was there at all. “You okay?” Dean asks.
“Then that’s all that really matters,” she murmurs. With another smile and a comforting press of her hand to the top of Cas’s, she and her daughter are gone. The doors close with a loud echo, more noticeable than they should be with no one else in the church to hear them.
Even through his confusion, Dean continues to shine. Always beautiful. This is the soul that Cas remade; this is the soul that Cas was made for.
Most days, he doesn’t miss Heaven. He doesn’t regret anything that led him to this house, and the people he protects under its roof, and this life that he carved out of things he’s still not sure he deserved. And while he know—with a certainty that he didn’t truly felt when he served Heaven—that there is nothing he would do if he thought it would sacrifice this, there are still times where he aches for a part of him that was cut out.
Cas looks at Dean, who’s frowning at a lightswitch on the wall that won’t turn anything on no matter how many times he flips it. Cas clears his throat. “What?” Dean startles. He looks between them and squints suspiciously. “You seriously like it up here?”
to let go of. Certain lines of thought that were too dangerous for me to go down, especially now that I have Claire in my protection. That helps, I think. Wanting to do better by the people you love.”
Dean works his jaw. There ain’t enough time left for this family to be able to talk the way they need to. It’s a shit truth and Dean’s known it since he was a kid. Always on the tail end of some Armageddon or even just some damn fight he thought he wasn’t walking away from. There’s nothing he can say to them right now that could even encompass half the shit he wants to say. It’s barely even a sliver, but still Dean says, “It’s not your fault, kid, okay? It’s okay.”
Cas rubs once more at his eye before dropping his hand, replacing the sour look on his face with a small upturn of his mouth. Some of the tightness around Dean’s eyes lessens at that. Cas admits, “It’s just a headache.”
“I’m not saying it’s a damn surprise, I’m saying good for you, kid!” Dean bursts out. He claps a hand on Claire’s shoulder, feeling a pride in his chest that he doesn’t really understand. “You’re adjusting! You’re making friends! Guess we aren’t screwing you up so bad after all, huh?”
“I had a nightmare,” Cas answers. He keeps his voice careful. It’s important, he thinks, that he be as honest with her as he can. Even so, Claire is just a kid, and he doesn’t want her to feel burdened with any weight he carries himself.
“Nothing you want is dumb, Claire,” Cas promises her. Dean pulls himself to full consciousness now, recognizing the name, and he lifts up until he catches sight of Claire in the doorway too. He makes a questioning noise.
“Just brewed a fresh pot,” Dean tells him. Cas lifts his head enough to glance at the machine—it’s full, sure enough, and Cas’s favorite mug is sitting next to it waiting to be used. Cas grins and ducks his face into Dean’s back again.
Dean sighs. He feels about a thousand years older than he is as he debates how to handle this. When the hell did this become is life? Scolding a teenager for her behavior. Christ, he’s old. “Probably not me you owe the apology to.”
Sam catches him by the arm as Dean turns to make his retreat. Dean squirms under his gaze. “Dean, I,” Sam starts, but he frowns to himself and begins again. “I’m glad you came to get me. And, um. Thanks for letting me stay here.”
“C’mon,” Dean groans. He ducks his head before they can see the way that made a tear or two spring to his eyes. “You’re gonna say that to me right as I’m walking out the door?”
Still standing in the doorway, Claire sniffles. No one can tell whether it’s from congestion or tears.
“This was a compromise,” Cas tells her. He rolls his eyes. “Apparently he was dissatisfied by the way I was gaining… I believe he called it a farmer’s tan.”
Cas feels a strange sense of pride when the people of Bennett know Sam by name, and that same warmth radiates through him now. There’s a relief that comes with the realization that his neighbors want to make Sam feel just as at home as they do.
Cas reached inside his jacket pocket and held up the keys to the Impala, which Dean stared at in utter shock.
“Like this,” he said. “Don’t do anything with it unless I tell you to, but when you’re ready, cock it like this,” he clicked off the safety and cocked the gun, “then point it and squeeze the trigger.”
“He said to meet him at some waffle place, which,” he entered the name in the search bar on his laptop until the address popped up, “is about five miles away, apparently. You coming?”
Sam and Eileen left that afternoon, and Claire locked herself in her chosen bedroom early on in the evening, apparently not up for another heart to heart. So Dean found himself alone again, wandering the halls like the ghost he was slowly becoming. This time, without really paying attention to where his feet were taking him, he found himself heading down, down, down until he ended up right outside the dungeon’s door. He hadn’t been here since that night. It had taken him awhile to pick himself up off the floor, maybe hours, he really couldn’t have been sure. But there had been no reason to go back after that.
Dean watched his brother for a moment while he tried to push down the irritation prickling under his skin. This was something Sam had been doing lately. Ever since the whole deal with Chuck, he’d been acting like Dean was a powder keg just waiting to explode. He knew Sam meant well, but there was nothing to be concerned about for once. Dean was fine, happy even. He and the people he loved were alive and no one was actively trying to kill them, which was just about as close to perfect as his life had ever been. Which is why the sarcastic mother-henning Sam had been doing got under his skin.
In any case, he really didn’t want his brother’s voice in his ear for this. So, he said, “Now, uh, really isn’t a-ah… a good time, Sammy.”
Dean’s brain shut down for approximately one second before he finally got with the program and gripped Cas’s hips to pull him closer as he kissed him back. Cas’s hands came to rest on either side of his face, and Dean exhaled as he practically collapsed against the warm lips on his own. It was somehow both desperate and tender at the same time, like the first breath after being underwater for too long punching through his lungs as it brought him back to life. After what was probably only a few seconds, Cas pulled away just enough to look at him as Dean tried to catch his breath.
Dean rubbed a hand over his mouth and stood up, wincing when Sam tracked the movement and narrowed in on his bloody knuckles.
“Brother!” Sam yelled, then he pointed to the other man who had frozen on the landing and said, “Witch!”
Cas simply looked out at the mountains again though as a small smile pulled at the corner of his mouth.
He turned to see Claire staring with a shocked look on her face, and then she was barrelling past him to nearly knock Cas over with a hug of her own. Cas looked up at Dean in surprise briefly before bringing one hand up to hug her back.
“Dude, if you’re not into this, it’s fine,” Donnie said as he started to take a step out of Dean’s space. “If I did anything you weren’t comfortable with, I am so sorry…”
He glanced down at Cas’s lips, and Cas tracked the movement, but then Sam banged loudly on the door.
Still not looking at them, Sam replied, “Don’t get me wrong, I’m thrilled for you both. Really. I’m just, uh, going to return our keys to the front desk. Meet me at the Impala in five, or I’m coming back in, and you better be clothed.”
Rowena turned away from the delighted Dean to look at Sam, amusement dancing in her eyes. She asked, “Do we have to fix him?”
Donnie gave him a pitying smile, which Dean immediately hated, and said, “No, you’re not. Look, I think you should drink some water before you head home. I’ve got to get back to work anyway.”
“Yeah, it is,” Stevie continued pointedly, “because now we can’t kill this werewolf without killing some poor girl’s boyfriend, and she won’t listen to reason about what he really is.”
When he thanked her and turned back to his brother, he found him acting weird again to a very confused looking Cas. He was smiling at least though, which meant Sam wasn’t about to have to break up one of their arguments.
He leaned across the console quickly and kissed Dean before he could even register what was happening, and Dean eagerly leaned into it despite his mood seconds before. Cas tasted like coffee with too much creamer and spearmint toothpaste. It was an odd combination, but it was so human that Dean couldn’t help but be charmed by it as Cas smiled against his lips.
She rolled her eyes and said, “Jody’s fine. It’s not like I’m out getting myself killed on a hunt or something.”
Then she looked at him again, really looked, and she must have registered the confusion written all over his face because her expression suddenly fell. She said, “Oh my God, you don’t remember any of that, do you? Oh my God, you were roofied. I’m so sorry.”
Sam nodded thoughtfully before sinking down on the other side of the kitchen table across from him. Finally, after a few sips of his coffee, he asked, “Are you ever going to tell me what really happened?”
The three of them followed her pointed gaze back to the bartender, who was wiping down a table on the other side of the room. He was a young guy, probably early thirties, with golden skin and dark curly hair. He looked up, most likely sensing all of the sudden attention, and winked in their direction.
Cas pressed in, leaning over Dean’s shoulder to get a closer look. He said, “That’s the man from the picture in Barry Gilman’s office.”
Dean turned back to her with a trademark charming smile, and Sam exhaled and looked skyward as he prepared himself to endure what he knew was coming next.
She fixed him with a slightly amused glare now as she replied, “And I still might do it again, don’t test me.”
When they got back to the motel, Rowena was there waiting for them. Despite the fact that they didn’t
Cas nodded. They were quiet for a moment, and then Dean sighed. He stood and crossed the few feet separating the two beds and sat down next to Cas, turning to face him.
Barry Gilman’s office was unremarkable in terms of mid-level corporate offices. Therefore, it was no surprise that nothing came of it. Sam watched as Dean scanned the photos hung along the wall.
Before either of them even had time to register it was happening, the girl slapped him across the face. Hard.
partner. We had him trapped in a barn on the edge of town, and then out of nowhere, this teenaged girl runs at us screaming. I thought it was another wolf, but she was just a girl. Said she loved him and begged us not to kill him, and he got away.”
He had a nightmare again that night, the same one. There was nothing but darkness around him, but this time there was a pull. It was like some kind of force was tugging at him, but he couldn’t figure out where it was trying to lead him. So, he wandered and wandered through the dark until he could no longer breathe and woke up once again gasping and tangled in sheets.
They made it to Utah by early afternoon and stopped for lunch about an hour outside Salt Lake City. Wahsatch wasn’t really known for anything except being in the middle of the mountains, but even so, it was beautiful. They picked up some deli food from a Gas-N-Sip on main street and took a detour at the first lookout they came across. Dean had pretty much seen every scenic detour the American midwest had to offer during his lifetime on the road with Sam and his father, but there was still something breathtaking about the snow capped peaks stretching for miles in front of them. Something that made him feel small.
Things only got weirder when they got in the car. He managed to start the car, although pretty clumsily, but immediately slammed it into reverse and sent them crashing right into a dumpster.
“You should consider it,” Cas replied as he reached for his salad dressing. “Sam says your diet is, and I quote, ‘a heart attack waiting to happen.’”
“I know I’m not her,” she said, her voice quiet in his ear, “but you’re a good guy Dean, and I’d like to think we can be friends too.”
The bar was busy, and the low buzz of the crowd was just what Dean needed. He slid into an open barstool and nodded at the bartender, Donnie, who was helping a group of young twenty-somethings on the other end of the bar. Donnie never bothered asking what Dean wanted. Once he was free, he took down the whiskey and a couple of empty glasses before even saying hello and sat them down on the counter in front of him.
“Wait, what?” he asked. Then he took in Dean’s expression and realized that he wasn’t embarrassed at all. He was
“Maybe that’s because we’re big boys who don’t need to check in with mom and dad,” he replied, the sarcasm falling into his voice effortlessly. He was being sort of an ass, but it was his little brother. That was practically how they showed their love.
Dean stared at her, watched the way she didn’t even flinch at the harsh words leaving her own mouth. It was like looking in a mirror at his own eighteen year old self, and it didn’t make him feel better.
Cas looked back at Dean with an expression that held way too much fondness for the situation at hand, which Dean seemed to notice because his smile grew even wider. Sam closed out the security footage with a heavy sigh and said, “Let’s go.”
“I’m going to call Rowena,” he said, rising from the motel chair. “Maybe she knows what curse this might be and how to fix it.”
“I’ve thrown a few people out of a few bars in my day,” Dean replied. “Hell, it might have even been fun. God knows I could use some of that right now.”
The question caught him off guard, and Dean let himself consider it for a moment. He’d spent months having nightmares after the Leviathan sent Cas into that lake, and leaving Purgatory had Dean straight up hallucinating him more than once. Somehow, the hole in his chest this time was different though. He didn’t really have to guess to know why.
He gestured to the other side of the motel room and waited for her to follow him before walking a few feet away from Dean, who immediately started rifling through Rowena’s bag.
for a house call, Sam thought bitterly. However, he had to reluctantly admit that they could use her help. If killing the witch hadn’t broken the curse, that meant they were officially in over their heads, and Dean was getting worse by the minute.
He didn’t continue with his question, but Cas watched as he scooted closer and leaned in, slowly, until he could rest his head gently against Cas’s shoulder.
“Eileen and I are going to be gone for a couple of days,” he said conversationally instead as he reached for the pot of coffee that someone must have brewed before Dean woke up. He continued, “One of Eileen’s hunting buddies called, said they needed help clearing out a vamp nest in Omaha.”
Dean looked away for a second, and when he looked back at Cas, his expression a little blanker this time, he asked, “Who’s Dean?”
But then Dean looked at him, and Cas watched a flicker of confusion enter his eyes, and he immediately banished the thought. He would cherish every single scar on Dean Winchester’s soul if it meant he kept looking at Cas like he was his best friend.
Well, that couldn’t have gone any fucking worse. He slumped back against the sink and rubbed at his inexplicably wet eyes.
He scooted back against the headboard, pointedly making room for Dean beside him, and some of the terror retreated from Dean’s face as he scooted back in. He laid his head on Cas’s shoulder a little more confidently this time, and Cas wrapped one arm around him.
He rounded the corner to the back room and barely had time to look around before strong arms were pulling him in.
It was him. Dean was sure of it. He knew there were tests that he should run to make sure that this wasn’t another cruel joke by someone like Lucifer or worse. Every instinct he had knew that, but the pull in his gut telling Dean that it was
“Yeah, sweetheart,” Dean hums in acknowledgement. But Cas can’t say anything else. He doesn’t know what he’d say even if his tongue wasn’t stuck to the roof of his mouth. Belatedly, he realizes his hands are shaking.
The longer he unravels it, the more uncertain Castiel becomes that it’s a prayer at all. How can it be? It carries the importance of a promise.
“Claire asked if she comes with us tomorrow, if we could drop her off at the movie theater,” Cas explains, and it’s a little bit pathetic that he’s not even surprised by Dean’s apparent brain reboot. “She says that a few of her friends will be getting together in the afternoon.”
Cas nods. “Yes. I didn’t realize how much I had thought about it until I had a moment to put it into words. It was… educational, to voice it. To give it a name.”
Sam’s gaze darts between Dean and Jack, startled. And it sucks, seriously, that Sam doesn’t have a damn clue what they’re talking about, because it means they’ll have to lay everything out in detail and Dean is pretty sure he can’t handle exposing all his cards like that. Especially after it’s a hand Cas
“There are worse things,” Cas tells him. He doubts there is anything that could pull him away from his sick child right now.
This, at least, brightens Claire up the way Dean had hoped it would. He’s not sure if it’s an interest in carpentry or a teenage desire to destroy things that makes Claire so intrigued by the renovation process, but he ain’t gonna question it. She says, “Really?” and grins from ear to ear when Dean nods his head in confirmation.
If she’s put out by his response, she doesn’t show it. She just takes the cash he hands her for the night and hands him back some change and pops her bubblegum when she turns around to get his room key for him. She’s not surprised, either, when Dean pulls the same picture out of his wallet and asks her if she’s seen Sam, just shrugging like she’s not sure either way.
“What the hell,” he mutters to himself. “You’ve already showed some emotion today. Why not go for the home run?”
Dean stands, too. His voice shakes with anger that doesn’t belong to him as he spits out, “If you’re gonna kick me out, just kick me out!”
“This might be weird, but I brought someone,” Sam says, rocking his weight forward onto his toes. “But. I figured it was about time you meet the prophet face to face.”
“Fuck,” Dean says, and he ends the conversation for a moment by picking his burger back up and diving in.
Dean breathes out slowly, a long exhale out of the corner of his mouth. He decides the argument he’d start by disagreeing now isn’t worth it. It’s been a good day. Dean wants it to stay that way. Resigned, he says, “Fine, whatever. I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Dean?” Cas says, and it pulls Dean right out of whatever fucking trip he just took himself on. Cas has got this expectant look on his face, though, and Dean realizes probably a second too late that Cas most likely asked him a question. “What do you think?”
Grace ebbs cautiously from Cas’s hands, and Jack begins to glow. There isn’t enough time. And isn’t that just the story of Cas’s life.
Sam, unsurprisingly, is standing in the doorway of the motel room when Dean turns around. He’s got a raised eyebrow, pinched and confused. Slowly, he asks, “Who’s Claire?”
“It’s after midnight, you know,” Cas says, against the shell of Dean’s ear. Pressed tightly to one another. Not close enough. “Happy Birthday.”
Cas writes the event on the calendar they hang on the fridge, and either Dean or Claire or both of them cross of the days leading up to it. Dean gets roped into burger duty, and Claire volunteers to make a pie, and they get shot down when they try to bring more. It’s the kind of thing that makes Dean look a little dumbstruck when he thinks about it too hard, in the way that Cas now recognizes means that he never expected a life that would turn out like this.
“You think he’s right,” Dean says aloud, and Chuck’s gaze snaps to him. “You do, don’t you? You’re worried that Sam’s right and that no matter what you do, this is how things are gonna end. Do you really want to live another millennium holding your breath and hoping something will go differently this time?”
“I’m sorry to bother you so early,” he says. He’s got a picture in his wallet of Sammy that’s just shy of a decade old, all smiley and gangly and too tall for his graduation robes, but it’ll have to do. Dean pulls it out and shows it to her. Her name tag says Jenny, and she takes the picture carefully. “I’m, uh. Trying to find my brother. That’s an old picture, he’d be a few years older, but. Long hair? ‘Bout this tall? He, uh. Last time I saw him he had, I think, a blue flannel on? And a jacket. I think it was green, but it might’ve been blue, too.”
“Thank you for not ignoring me today,” Claire says, and Cas startles. She’s peeking at him through one eye, and she smirks when he catches her gaze. “It was really shitty when you did that last year.”
Dean pushes open the creaky old door and pulls himself the rest of the way into the attic. Cas follows closely behind him.
kid, so when she yanks her arm free of her grip and stands up on shaky legs, he has to let her. She sounds younger than she is with a tremble in her voice as she whispers, “You aren’t my parent, Castiel.”
Cas checks the expiration date of the excedrin, wondering if it’s the medicine that’s making him feel lightheaded as the ringing in his ears gets even louder, but he’s not able to make out any numbers with the way his eyes are blurring. He frowns. “Dean.”
“It was no problem,” Cas says, shrugging. He catches Dean’s gaze, like this one look alone will convey that they’re fine, before looking back to Claire. “We’ll need to add chips to the grocery list, if you want more of that kind. We’re almost out.”
He won’t. Habit tells him that he’s got to train her how to fight but it’s instinct that pulls him back every time. And it’s instinct that makes him stop now, hesitant, to make sure he says the right thing.
Castiel makes a terrible God. He wears it like an ill-fitting coat, one he’s all too familiar with, and when the coat starts to get heavier he walks himself into a river and wonders if they’ll count this as a baptism. Atonement. Oh, he fears he has so much to atone for, and not nearly enough time to recompense them all.
People are cruel, and those who claim to be family hurt you more than anyone else, but despite all of that they are still beautiful. And most of the time, they are still good.
“Theresa gave me the day off,” Dean tells him. He rocks back on his heels as Cas closes and locks the Impala before meeting him on the deck. “It was slow as shit at the shop. I think I was annoying her with my singing.”
Without the anticipatory air of an apocalyptic-grade fight hanging around, Stull Cemetery is just a place with people buried in dirt.
“Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love,” Cas says. He chooses his words carefully, praying that Dean understands. “You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world
Lunch, first, he decides, and then he’ll cut his losses for the afternoon and resign himself to a few fitful hours of sleep before it’s back to searching and trying to get himself and Sammy to Bennett as soon as possible.
Sam mutters something about needing a shower, the second they get into the motel room, and half a minute later Dean hears the door click shut and the sound of the water starting up. He sits on the edge of his bed and stares at his hands until he can’t even see the shape of them anymore. He doesn’t know what to do with them, now. He wants to curl it into a fist and start swinging. He wants to put a hammer in it and take down another wall back at home. He wants to pull Sam in for another hug, like this one will make up for the last ten months, and he wants to drive home and ruffle Claire’s hair when he walks in the door and he wants to use his hands to make his family dinner like he always does.
“Once,” Dean tells him. Tries to make his voice firm so Cas can get it through his thick fucking skull but not mean enough for Cas to just dismiss it. When Cas still won’t look at him, Dean reaches up and presses against Cas’s jaw to turn his face. “A long time ago. And it wasn’t just you. That was. Shit, man, that was a combination of you and her dad and her mom and the apocalypse and about fifty other things. She doesn’t get that because she’s a kid, and that’s fine, but you need to get it, okay? You hurt her once, but you’re here now. You’re trying now. She just needs, like. A few minutes to get used to it.”
Claire’s still asleep, so Cas suggests they let her rest a little bit longer and leave her alone. They stick her milkshake in the freezer and her food in the microwave and they leave the connecting door open so they can hear it if she gets up, then take their seats at the wobbly table next to the window. Cas dives into his burger like he hasn’t eaten in two months.
A woman in a church is bathed by sunlight streaming through the stained glass window. Her voice is exceptionally kind, though Cas has done nothing to deserve it. “Do you believe in God?” she asks him, and. Well. If that isn’t a loaded question.
He throws his arms around Dean, when Dean finally climbs back down and rejoins Cas, and says accusingly, “You didn’t tell me you were thinking about any of this.”
“Just,” Dean pants. He’s supporting the weight of both of them, Castiel curling into him as though the proximity alone would be enough to quiet his head. “Don’t come in the kitchen, okay? There’s glass, and. Water. Everywhere. Cas, can you tell me what’s wrong?”
Cas blinks as he eats another bite of his fried rice. “I’m doing fine, today,” Cas says slowly. “Didn’t we already go over this?”
An unremarkable event by any standards. It’s why no one pays any mind as Castiel reaches out, just moments after his creation, to pull on the thread of a prayer unravelling in front of him. He pulls on it, and pulls on it, and pulls on it. He knits his wings out of the prayer, while his brothers or sisters make theirs out of stardust or sunlight or gold. The prayer says,
He’s been up for too long, or he had too much caffeine today, or maybe it’s just something he has to deal with now, but Cas closes his eyes when he feels the beginnings of a headache prickling behind his temples again and he burrows closer to Dean.
“You care,” Claire elaborates. There’s a teasing grin on her face. Dean’s glad to see it. “You take care of me just as much as Castiel does.”
“There are lots of worms in the soil,” Cas replies. He smoothes over the dirt with his gloved hand before leaning back and squinting at Claire. It’s a bright day, cloudless, but her sunglasses lay on top of her head instead of covering her eyes, and she’s glaring down at the worm in the ground as though it’s done something to personally offend her. Dean says, when she gets that look on her face, she’s practically a spitting image of Cas. The thought makes his chest swell with pride. “You don’t like worms?”
Not very long ago, Cas told Lily Sunder that he couldn’t imagine the depths of losing a child. It was the truth, then. An unimaginable loss. Nothing could have prepared him for it, but he understands it now. Sitting at the bedside and cradling Jack’s cold hand between his own.
After the creation of humanity, the first version of this story played out. It was a story about two brothers even then.
under there, and it turns the otherwise godawful task into something he’s actually excited about. Cas doesn’t really understand the pep it puts in Dean’s step, but he seems to like the fact that Dean is whistling cheerfully as he works.
“I didn’t know it would be like this, Sammy,” Dean admits, when he runs out of things to say, and he’s out of breath from how desperately everything had poured out of him. He’s almost embarrassed by it. Vulnerable at the fact that he just laid all his cards out and admitted to another hunter that Dean Winchester had finally, unbelievably, gone soft.
He doesn’t mind Cas driving Baby. Hell, that had been the biggest surprise out of everything, probaby, but it’s not like they had another choice. Dean has to drive the truck to work, and Cas has to take Claire to school. But Cas is an excellent driver. Better than Sam ever was. Dean’s been thinking about saving up to get Cas a car of his own, but he doesn’t know where they’d put it, and it seems kind of silly to have three cars at a household where only two people drive.
It’ll break that promise, but maybe Dean’ll just drive to South Dakota and hole up in Bobby’s house and take over. It is a family business, after all. He’ll load Bobby’s body up and give him a proper hunter’s burial. Dean’s half-tempted to do the same for Sam, and for Cas, for tradition’s sake, even though there isn’t a body to bury.
If she concentrates while touching the wings, she can almost feel him, wherever he is… she lets go of the thought instantly to prevent heartache.
She finally speaks “Well, I – um. It’s weird. I do remember Him, like his presence, I even remember, you know, things he said to me, actual conversations, but I don’t remember what he looks like or the sound of his voice. Nothing that could help us locate him or something. I’m sorry I can’t be more helpful” she sounds distressed.
The brothers huff a laugh at the same time, and Riley smiles because it makes her feel home, nostalgic; they really know each other well.
Dean and Castiel have taken the back seat and Jack is on the front with Sam. Jack hasn’t said a word on Dean’s behavior for the last three hours, he just listened intently and watch for the others reactions.
Sam got him and Dean tacos at Dean’s insistence, also pie. A cheeseburger and fries for Riley and candy and chocolate for Cas, even though Cas stated he didn’t need anything, Dean always got something for him, especially chocolate.
“Dean…” Cas wonders with a husky voice, eyes searching until he finds Dean’s face. Dean takes Cas hand between both of his, eyes worried. Cas just smiles at him, it’s a weak smile but it’s enough to pull one out from Dean.
Riley’s panting now, writhing, trembling, moaning, gasping, she has no control over what’s happening and this is what she loves the most. Giving up control, only here, only with Jay; it’s exhilarating just thinking about it, she tries to control every aspect of her life after all, everything except this.
orgasm, her body writhing every now and then for a while after, they both smile. After a few minutes, Riley is on top of Jay, Jay laughing at her eagerness, she’s always like this…
… Something below the hollow of her neck is burning her skin, she wants to protest, but is unable to do so.
“We can figure it out, but first we have to make sure Cas is ok” Sam says pulling Dean away from the questions burning in his mind now.
When they got back to the motel, they found Riley standing at the far end corner between a bed and the wall, a bruise on the left side of her face, mouth and nose bleeding, angel blade in hand; she was ready to attack but still shielding Cas. Her eyes intense, locked on the enemy. Cas was slouching behind her, holding his angel blade, eyes alert.
Riley sighs “I – I don’t. I can’t remember, I don’t know who I am. I mean, I know who I am, as a human, this body, my name is Riley; but I don’t know who I really am, as an angel”
Maybe her parents are still looking for her, but what about the others? She´s sure they have moved on with their lives, even Jay, as much as they loved each other, and as painful as she thinks this was for him, he probably has a life now, a new girl, maybe sharing his apartment, or what was supposed to be
”, she feels a void inside her, tiny, but still real. She shakes her head to get rid of the ridiculous voice, what else could she possibly be missing at this moment?
The way Riley looks at Cas, just like he is her baby brother, of course angels are brothers and sisters, but some of them develop other kinds of relationships; friendly, familiar, even romantic. So what if when Cas was… created, Riley was the one to take care of him, she was responsible for him, which would explain her stubbornness when it comes to his safety, or the familiarity with which she talks to him, only him and Sam and a few others call Castiel,
“All these years and it’s been you who have protected the world.” Riley says. “I think He doesn’t get involved because He knows you guys are taking care of it.”
Dean keeps quiet, and tries to say something, he opens his mouth and closes it, twice; but nothing comes out.
she supposes, but apparently that’s not the case, and sleeplessness is taking a toll on her, and it’s beginning to notice.
He started pumping his fist up and down, now slicked with precum; while his mouth went down to the angel’s neck, once again. This time, he didn’t just graze the skin, he bit softly on it, Cas loved it.
They try to follow every lead they have on the demons and their showings, and what the last one said about the end being near. They investigate Crowley’s death, which all leads indicate it’s true; the king of hell is gone.
Cas nods, he fills her in on updates from the boys, and then angel talk. From the moment she joined the group, she’s been able to remember more things thanks to Cas, he’s pretty much telling her about his existence, at least since he can remember; this allows Riley to get back her memories faster and to construct a timeline from the memories she had already gotten prior to meeting Cas. Still, there are gaps Cas can’t fill, and she guesses these gaps are the most important, she knows she needs those memories, but in order to stay sane, she decided to just go with what’s available and not beat herself up too much for the things she still can’t remember. They will come when the time is right, when she needs them, for now, she has to make do with what Cas offers.
Riley has to use all her strength to open her eyes, she stares at the ceiling, she looks around, is she in a cave? That doesn’t seem right… for a few moments she can only hear a buzz in her ears that feels like it’s never going to stop.
Riley seems to know Metatron well, when she’s asked for a description, she recalls his behavior perfectly, and remembers the change he had once he was finished with the tablets.
She steps out of the shower, she glances at the mirror one more time, and swears to never stare at it again; she goes back to bed, she sleeps…
Dean wasn’t showing how drunk he was in the bowling alley, but he is now. He can't walk straight, and Cas is on his side helping him get to the car, Dean is clinging to Cas and nuzzles his head on the crook of Cas’ neck and whispers little things that Jack tries to understand, but honestly can’t, they are meant only for Castiel.
“Does it make you mad that he’s dead again because of you?” Chuck shoots back, smug and smarmy and infuriating. He folds his arms against his chest. “Maybe mad isn’t the right word. Maybe heartbroken fits a bit better. Gotta be honest, I’m really impressed by that handprint on your jacket, really gives this whole thing a solid, full circle feel. Is that why you chose to come here? Thought I might be persuaded by the promise of a poetic end paralleling the beginning?”
It doesn’t surprise him anymore, Dean’s endless capacity for unwavering compassion. But Cas can’t help but beam at him proudly anyway. This is the man he loves, Cas thinks, and what a fortune that is. “That’s very thoughtful.”
“Helluva crowd we got here tonight,” she comments, and a few people clap and cheer at that. “Alright, alright. Well, I’ll tell you what, I’m glad y’all could make it out tonight. I know we told you this was some end of the summer celebration, and that’s certainly part of it, but. We got something we’d like to announce if you can keep quiet for long enough to hear it.”
aged. A decade at minimum, perhaps more. The thought stings Castiel in a way it has no reason to. He reaches out to touch the crow’s feet at the corners of Dean’s eyes without thinking.
“Okay,” says Jack. His face crumbles and tells Dean it’s very much not okay at all. “That’s. I’m glad.”
The roads are damn near empty. Dean’s grateful for it, because it means he can push the speed a little bit. He’s not sure why he’s in such a hurry to get to Stull, anyway, especially since there’s nothing to prove that Sam’s even there. God knows Dean hadn’t stayed near his own grave very long after he’d come to, but. It’s somewhere to start. Dean’s desperate. And he’s… Well. He doesn’t know how to explain it. He’s just got a feeling.
They both tense up, as they drive past Stull. Dean’s shamefully relieved that he’s not the only one terrified to drive past that place.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, when his breath finally evens out, and he puts the car in drive and speeds away from the motel.
his brother answers. There’s a mischief in his voice that an archangel has no logical need for. Castiel doesn’t understand. This isn’t right, he’s certain—this happened before, and it wasn’t like this.
“Back to your house, I’m assuming,” Bobby says, raising an eyebrow the same way he always does when he’s not impressed with Dean being a little slow on the uptake. “Ain’t that long of a drive back to Colorado, is it?”
“You didn’t—” Cas starts, before he cuts himself off. When Dean finally finds the guts to look at him, Cas has dropped his gaze to his lap, where he writhes his hands together nervously. “Dean. You don’t have to be sorry. I, on the other hand… I feel like I should. Apologize.”
Bobby doesn’t even look surprised when Dean hands off the rings to him. He just follows Dean mutely as Dean walks towards the Impala and yanks open the door. Dean doesn’t protest when Bobby pulls him into a hug before letting Dean get in the car. “What are you gonna do next?”
“I dropped Claire off at school,” Cas says. He hangs his coat up in the closet. The weather ain’t terrible, for September, but Dean thinks Cas likes the familiarity of a coat no matter what. “Then I spoke with her counselor, for a moment. She’s doing great, by the way. Her counselor is proud of how Claire’s doing.”
If his garden reminds him of creation, the small grins he gets out of Claire remind him of watching the earth turn without feeling it beneath his feet. Surreal moments, where time feels suspended, where all he can think of is how large and how miraculous something so small could seem. Claire’s a lot more free with them now, too, and yet it doesn’t change a thing. Cas wonders if he’ll ever get used to them, or if he’ll ever stop feeling lucky any time she shares on with him. He hopes he doesn’t. He hopes that there’s never a moment where he takes it for granted.
Claire wanders back out, after they’ve finished taking care of everything and have just settled into the chairs outside with cups of warm tea in their hands. Cas takes the jacket she hands him with a soft
Cain had warned Dean, once, that their lives would be a series of the same events, just lived out in reverse.
The fire crackles. Whatever is inside of him is boiling over. It’s odd, he thinks, as it breaks him into pieces and scatters him throughout the air, that he can feel it at all. He’s not meant to feel anything anymore.
She was already inside sitting in a corner booth when they arrived. She shot them a somewhat awkward smile as they slid into the seat across from her, and Dean silently longed for the old Charlie who would have tackled them both in hugs instantly. Baby steps, he had to remind himself.
One of his hands cupped Cas’s jaw gently, turning his head so that he had no choice to look at Dean as he continued, “You changed me too, you know. You gave me something to believe in. You were an ally, and then the best damn friend I’ve ever had, and without you, we wouldn’t have stood a chance against the end of the world.”
Except that shed light on another obvious problem. Dean had next to zero memory of his previous night. The only thing he sort of remembered was going to the deceased accountant’s office, which had been roughly around 4pm. For lack of better options, Sam figured it was a place to start at least.
They watched as Dean and the man talked, and then Dean pulled out his gun. The witch sent Dean flying against the wall, and Dean hurried back to his feet, firing off a few rounds at the man who could now no longer be seen.
He and Cas weren’t on a hunt this time though, and they definitely weren’t going camping. They checked themselves into the last vacant room at a Motel 6, which wasn’t luxury by any means, but it also meant four walls and the presence of other humans in the nearby vicinity. Dean ordered pizza because neither of them were in the mood for socializing after a full day in the car, and they spent the night cramped shoulder to shoulder on the single bed watching I Love Lucy reruns and, admittedly, making out more than paying attention to the television.
“Whoa, Dean, are you okay?” Sam’s voice pierced through the haze and yanked him back to the present.
He reached across the table and picked a french fry off of her plate, and she shot him a disapproving look.
As soon as the water came into view, Dean’s breath caught in his throat. Cas paused next to him at the top of the wooden staircase leading down to the sand, and Dean stopped as well.
Dean was poking through his own duffle bag now while Cas dropped onto one of the single beds and leaned tiredly against the headboard. Cas felt a spike of alarm when Dean pulled out a large knife.
The next day led them through Nevada, which was mostly more desert still. While being stuck in the desert wasn’t exactly appealing, there was something undeniably a little fun about driving through it in the daytime. The wind was dry and the sun warm on his skin, despite the cooler temperatures, as Dean rolled down his window and let his arm rest on the edge of it. Springsteen was playing on the one radio station he could get to come in clearly, and he’d left it alone because Cas was humming along. There was something a little funny about an angel of the lord quietly singing Born in the U.S.A, but Dean decided against commenting on it. It was surprisingly fun figuring out what Cas liked about human pop culture.
or however the scripture goes. All God had required for this sacrifice, this deal, was Sam’s blood dripping onto the ground.
Sam’s quiet, at that. He follows Cas obediently down to the frozen aisles next. He shifts his weight back and forth when they stop, and he chews on his lip, and for a moment Cas is struck by the fact that this is the man who stopped an Apocalypse last year when he was only a few days older than twenty-seven. He looks far younger than that, too, most days, though Cas imagines he often feels much, much older. After a long while, Sam finally says, “I should probably take a page out of your book with that, huh?”
Castiel asks. He is still young, his brother much older. Soon he will be assigned rank, will join his brethren and fight in a war that none of them seem willing or able to explain. Soon he will forget that he is even able to ask questions like this.
“I’m not saying it has to be today,” Dean says easily. Claire looks at him in surprise. “Look, kid. Cas is my best friend. But he’s a weird, kind of intense guy. And he’s only been human for a few months. So if you wanna have beef with him, I can’t really fault you for that. But I want you to take it to heart when I tell you that Cas? He’s friggin’ trying. I mean, seriously. The vegetables he makes you eat? Taking you to school each day? Nagging you to do your homework and standing up for you when you want to hang out with friends? He’s on your side, dude.”
Dean hangs up without another word, and tosses the phone onto his bed. He pushes himself up out of the chair he’d been sitting in and goes to the sink to splash some cold water against his face. It helps, for a second, to clear his mind. With the water still running, Dean gives himself a minute to try and calm the thrumming underneath his skin—the fight-or-flight impulse that had been buried underneath his grief until the second he’d caught sight of Sam again. He grips the counter like it’s the only thing that’ll steady him.
“I’m guessing whatever killed them,” Lisa says slowly, “was going to kill all of us unless you stopped it. So I am, Dean, I am sorry for your loss. But. Thank you. I think you deserve to be thanked after whatever it was you did, too.”
Cas reaches out to wrap his fingers around Dean’s wrist, habitual. But Dean just knocks their knuckles together and gives him a small smile. Then he turns on his heel and heads towards the kitchen, asking over his shoulder, “So. Anyone up for a good old-fashioned hot chocolate?”
“Cas?” Sam repeats, incredulous. “Cas is alive, too? You know, you really buried the lead on a bunch of shit here, Dean.”
It’s nine hours to South Dakota, then another eight from there to Pontiac. It would take Dean a straight thirteen hours or so without the detour in Sioux Falls, but this is Cas they’re talking about, and Dean’s gonna be there with everything he needs if that’s what it takes. He makes one last phone call before tossing the thing aimlessly into the passenger seat, asking Theresa for another few days off while he heads out of town.
Claire’ll love him, Dean thinks absentmindedly, as he strides back towards his car. She’s always looking for new people to antagonize, and Dean’s pretty sure the kid can’t go wrong with having more people to call family. And Sam would like the house. God, Dean hopes he likes the house.
But Sam and Dean, still inside the barn, don’t see it. They don’t see anything except for each other, and God, and the four walls around them that somehow promise past and future at the same time. Dean answers God’s question, “Because I know him.”
“No,” Dean answers on autopilot, but after a moment his brain catches up to him, and worry settles deep into his bones. It’s easy, he thinks, to say no when he’s holding Cas like this. It’s easy to say no when he’s imagining waking up tomorrow and surprising Claire by being home. So he admits, “I don’t know. I don’t want to.”
“Kinda,” Dean answers, and he holds his hand out for her to dump the change into. “More worried about what’s at the end of it, though.”
“One a’ those I made special for you,” Ronnie tells him, pointing to the jar with a plaid fabric on top. Cas looks up at him in surprise. “I know you ain’t a fan of the spicy things, but that habanero honey will put a good kick in their step if that husband and daughter a’ yours try it. They told me last week they like a little heat.”
“We learned that in biology last year,” Claire continues. She squints at him again. “Where did you get that sunhat?”
“Just confused,” Sam answers, and it’s not a real answer and they all know it, but it’s late enough that no one pushes. “Glad to be back, though.”
He puts his foot down harder on the gas pedal, closing what little distance is left between him and his brother’s dying place.
His first stop in Lawrence is some dinner that looks vaguely familiar from when he was a kid, but in all honestly Dean thinks he only really recognizes it because it’s just like every other family-owned diner in the continental states. It’s still early enough that there’s only one patron inside, an older fellow who sits in the furthest booth and stares at the window. The waitress smiles at him and reaches for a menu to seat him, but he just shakes his head.
looks a little surprised by it. Dean wants to tell him to cool it with the puppy-dog eyes or Claire’s gonna get annoyed and leave, but he doesn’t really have the heart to piss on all their decent moods.
“God, that’s so cool,” Claire shouts. She bumps Dean’s shoulder as she passes and bounds over to the windows. “Dad, do you think you could make me a window like you did for the kitchen? Just one, though, ‘cause I think I’d need a regular window for some real light, you know?”
“For a while, the only explanation I could come up with is that it had to be Cas,” Bobby answers, slow and steady. He picks at the label of his beer bottle, eyes darting between Sam and Dean on either side of him, as he thinks it through. “Clearly that theory didn’t pan out. So I summoned Crowley next, to ask him ‘bout my soul, and the asshole told me that whoever brought me back made sure to go all out, because the deal Crowley’d had over me went up in flames and my soul was gone before he could even blink.”
Still, the hairs on the back of his neck rise when he and Sam and Jack turn to face Chuck. Same way they do anytime a monster’s nearby. There’s no room for debate when Dean grits out, “Alright, Chuck. You win.”
How wrong he’d been. Dean isn't living it in reverse at all. He’s filling the role like Cain never existed at all.
With a shrug, Bobby suggests, “This thing’s as powerful as all get-out. Maybe there’s nothing we could even offer it.”
By morning, her fever has finally broken and there’s a genuine smile on her face that lessens a knot in everyone’s chest. Claire’s got an appetite that she hasn’t had in days. It’s an overwhelming relief.
It’s good for Claire, too. She was wary of it at first. Walking into a room and finding them both sitting there, quiet. Dean is pretty sure it made her feel like she was in trouble. She’s gotten more used to it, though, obviously, because as she stumbles into kitchen now and notices them shooting the shit, she just rolls her eyes and mutters something under her breath.
It should bother him more, but Dean doesn’t care. Not if he’s being honest. Right now he’s struggling as it is to even see the world right ahead of him, still tangled up in a moment back in the bunker’s dungeon where everything went to shit before he could even catch his breath. Still replaying it like a rolling tape, over and over and over again, a twisted sort of death echo made only to torture him. So, yeah, maybe there is a way for them to save the world again and still make it out to see the other side, but it ain’t worth the effort to try and figure it out. Especially if it means he comes out of it with everyone he’s ever loved dead.
Cas has already booked them two joined rooms back at the motel, and Claire walks into the second one and closes the door behind her the moment they get out of the car. To his credit, Cas doesn’t even look put out by it. He just holds the manilla folder of fake documents close to his chest and goes into the unoccupied room, leaving Dean to follow him.
you guys what the freak i'm so blown away by the reception this little story is receiving and the love you leave in comments WHAT THE FUCK! i love you all!!
“I love you,” Cas murmurs, as good a place as any, against the hollow of Dean’s throat. It’s an intoxicating sight, the expanse of it; drawn out by the way Dean throws his head back against the pillows on their bed. Cas kisses the spot where he can feel Dean’s heart beating the strongest. “In more ways than I even thought possible. In every breath of air that passes through my very human lungs. In every painful skip of my heart. In every aching bone, in every passing thought, I love you. I love you.”
He kisses Dean again instead of answering right away. Decides that licking into Dean’s mouth and running his tongue against the backs of Dean’s teeth is more important than answering, because what would he say, anyway? You doomed me, Dean Winchester, before you even knew I existed at all. You were it, the first crack in the chassis, the first one that mattered, and where you grew through the breaks made it impossible for them to ever change me again. You doomed me, Dean, and it wouldn’t have mattered if I had wax for wings or not. I would have plucked them off and thrown them into the flame for you, anyway.
Dean shakes his head. “Just looking for him. Could you give me a call, when she gets in? Or if you see him today. I’d really appreciate it.”
Sam laughs. Dean chokes out a chuckle of his own, and when Jack rounds the corner with a glass of water in his hands, he smiles without even knowing what the joke was.
Dean’s feet are moving before he even truly processes it. He crosses the floor in just a few short strides, footfall heavy in ways he usually doesn’t allow them to be. But he doesn’t care. He’s not trying to sneak into this. He’s trying to—
Sam blinks at him, and Dean scowls and drops his gaze to the ground before he can do something dumb like continually throw shit at Sam when the kid probably needs a few minutes to process literally anything right now. Dean’s fiddling with a hole near his knee in his jeans when Sam finally says, “Home? You have a house?”
Cas is looking at him like he can’t understand what Dean’s trying to get at here. He scowls. “Now I am alive. You’re also alive. And you are going to take me to a church.”
Cas wants to scream. He wants to beg and barter again, his life for Jack’s, and he wants to tear the whole world apart. He wants to raze this graveyard to the ground, and he wants to pour all of his grace into protecting Jack no matter what the cost would be. But he can’t do any of it. And when he opens his mouth, nothing comes out.
“I’m sorry,” she hiccups, still crying. Cas brushes her hair out of her face and wipes her tears with the pads of his thumb.
“Rowena was gonna bring Mom back, you know,” Dean says suddenly. He takes a long sip of his root beer, nose wrinkling as he’s still adjusting to the sweet taste. “That’s what the spell that brought Eileen back was for. But she didn’t go through with it, after we found out that Mom was happy where she was.”
“We’re just pulling up,” she says. “I answered the phone so he wouldn’t be on it while he was driving.”
Dean mumbles out a response that Cas doesn’t really register before going back upstairs, and Cas returns to his book. Dean likes to tease him about reading books with predictable twists and turns, but Cas finds comfort in the fact that he knows what will come next. Besides, he thinks, these stories really aren’t that different from the soap operas Dean watches, though Dean would protest to both if Cas ever voiced it out loud.
“I’ll be right back,” she announces, balancing the drinks on a tray and moving towards the sliding door. “Just gotta water the gremlins. Stay cozy.”
There isn’t enough time. There never is, not for anything, but how could there be enough time to adequately put into words why people do what they do for family?
content warnings for mild, implied homophobia. canon-typical, and nothing explicitly stated, but the implication is still there. a more-spoilery account can be found in the end notes if you want to know what you're getting into before you get there, but please take care of yourself first!
“You think he’d be in a better mood since it’s his birthday,” Claire says, exasperated. She fidgets from her spot on the arm of the couch, almost kneeing Cas’s chin in the process of him painting her toenails. “Whoops, sorry. Anyway.”
It isn’t until later, once they’re loading their grocery bags into Cas’s truck, that Cas gets the courage to ask another question of his own. He’s not sure for who’s sake he asks, though he honestly thinks it goes for all of them. “Inside, you said you hoped you were staying for a while. Did you mean that?”
Dean swallows around the lump in his throat and turns his face towards the sky and curses the knowledge that there’s no one he can pray to anymore. No one he trusts to make anything better.
Dean spends the first night in his house sleeping on dusty hardwood floors, and it’s the best night’s sleep he’s gotten in years.
He pushes the rug back further. Dean’s not even all that surprised when he sees the demon trap underneath.
“You kept your promise to him,” Sam adds. He reaches back and cuffs Jack on the shoulder, giving him a small smile. One that Jack tentatively returns. “He’d be proud of you for that. Cas would be proud.”
Next to them, Dean is already snoring again. It makes Claire cough around a giggle. Cas tells her, “You have nothing to apologize for.”
Guilt weighs down Dean’s feet. He drops his hands, letting go of Cas, and Cas’s fingers linger on him for another moment before he lets go, too. Dean steps back. “Right, yeah. Yeah. I’m gonna. I gotta finish packing.”
He’s in the middle of debating whether or not he should pack clothes for Sam when he hears Claire and Cas coming back down the hall, and they’re standing in his doorway when he straightens and turns. Claire’s face is impassive, but theres a red tinge to her eyes that tells Dean she’s trying not to cry. He feels that, too.
“Shit,” Dean breathes out. He finally glances at Sam. “Can I. I mean. Shit. I don’t want to, like. I mean, I get it, right? At least some part of it, I get it. So you can tell me to fuck off whenever, you know? I’m not gonna. I won’t ask about
Dean looks away. Guilt churns in his stomach, but he has to. It’s all starting to feel like too much.
He pushes the door open. Claire’s curled up on her bed, blankets tight around her, and she starts to cry when her eyes land on Cas. “Claire,” he says again, heartbroken, and he sits down next to her on her bed. She leans into his touch when he brushes the back of his hand against her forehead. “You’re sick.”
Dean has become very good at learning how to cook when there’s a half-asleep former angel of the Lord plastered to his back, and he only huffs out a laugh when Cas places himself there this morning. He wraps his arms around Dean’s middle and sighs into his shirt. “Someone’s real touchy today. And after refusing to kiss me this morning, too. Sheesh, you think you know a guy.”
“They’re five months,” she explains. One of them stretches and bumps its head against her hand. “So they just reached maturity. We’ve got five at this age, but I’m guessing you won’t be starting with that many.”
Dean lets out a deep, relieved breath. Like he hadn’t already know that. He wraps his arms around Cas and pulls him in for a hug, just an easy press of their bodies together. Cas is quiet in his arms.
Cas scrubs at the scruff on his chin, looking lost in thought. It’s a strange, human motion that Dean’s never seen the guy do before, so it takes him a second to understand what he’s watching. He doesn’t like how off-put it makes him feel. “I believe it was recent. Amelia dropped Claire off at her grandmother’s then left in search of Jimmy. She wrote Claire letters, but it stopped about two months ago. I looked into it. I found a coroner’s report for a Jane Doe that matched Amelia’s description, then took a bus out to identify the body. They let me, since I look like her husband.”
“Drive safe,” Cas says, distracted again, and Dean spends a moment too long staring at him before he shakes himself and slips out the door.
It sits between them for a moment. Cas turns the key in the ignition, and his truck rumbles to life,  but he makes no move to leave the parking lot yet. “I understand that,” Cas says slowly. And he does—he truly does. He spent the better part of a year looking for a Father that didn’t want to be found, and wondering if he’d ever truly be able to stop. He
When Cas opens the fridge, Dean reminds him, “There’s leftover fried rice, if you want to heat that up.”
“Jack,” Sam murmurs, turning in his seat to shake Jack’s shoulder and wake him up. He’d passed out not long ago, face blotchy from crying and very likely still worn out from Billie’s power surge that nearly killed him a couple of hours ago.
“Yeah, you better,” Dean sniffs haughtily, but he still winks before he leaves and blushes when Cas blows a kiss back. Cas can hear him even as he goes downstairs, grumbling to himself, “Fucking
“All gods let their people down,” the woman says softly. Her daughter approaches and takes her mother’s hand. Even she has a kind smile that she willingly shares with Cas. “It’s what makes us human. But is whatever you believe in greater than yourself?”
Dean doesn’t ask for help, but he comes down the stairs not long after Cas finishes painting Claire’s toenails. He takes the armful of old floorboards out the garage and dumps them, presumably, into the back of the truck. Cas is about to ask him if there’s more that needs to be thrown out when he feels Dean’s fingers running through his hair and tugging him up into a sweaty, salty kiss.
She lets out a small, disbelieving laugh. “So you thought, hey, I’ll just go find myself a build-a-family and hope they take me in? It doesn’t work like that, Dean.”
“Hardwood under here,” Dean says, knocking on the floor. “The linoleum, it’s cheap shit. And it’s ugly as fuck. Once I get this all pulled up, I’ll just buff the hardwood and put a new stain down and the floors will be good as new.”
“You’re unbelievable,” Dean says, in a tone that tells Cas he’s far too amused to actually be annoyed. Cas hides his smirk with his coffee mug. “Unbelievable. Claire, you know your dad wants to get chickens?’
The Michael Sword asks Castiel to betray the only home he’s ever known, betray his very reason for existing. And Castiel, the fool, does it without even hesitating.
Cas. “I cannot believe you,” Dean mutters, and Cas just laughs again, low and pleased. “Haven’t had breakfast yet. It’s
Dean forces out a laugh. He picks up Sam’s gun hoping that the weight of something familiar will calm him down. He’s not surprised when it doesn’t. “For fucking this up,” he clarifies, and he still can’t even look Cas in the eye as he says it.
?” Dean presses. “Why would something do all of this and not use it as some kind of bargaining chip to get something from us?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” Jack adds a moment later. He holds his head up high as he says it, not shying away. He’s done a lot of that lately. Apologizing. Dean’s starting to piece together that most of the stuff the kid’s apologized for hasn’t even been his fault. And for the rest of it, they were choices made by a kid who knew his dad was going to die and was powerless to stop it. “I wanted to, at first. And then I just… didn’t want anything anymore. And then it was too late.”
there, in the chair she always sits in, with her fingers steepled and her expression smooth. Like she didn’t just ask the question that’s gonna force Dean to change everything.
It’s just after noon when some pimple-faced teenager at the McDonald’s curls his lip and snidely tells Dean, “Maybe if you had an updated picture, it’d be easier to tell.”
So Dean does. He starts at Stull, even though it makes both of their shoulders tighten and both of their breath come a little quicker. He explains how he’d sat there until Bobby’d lurched up, alive, and how whoever brought Bobby back healed him, too. He tells Sam about going to Lisa’s and being a fuck-up and how he’d high-tailed it out of there before he could really ruin their lives. And he talks about driving until he couldn’t stomach it anymore, all over the continental states until he’d finally parked his car in Bennett and put his ass to work until he could afford some shit house that he could fix up.
“Damn wraith in Platte City nearly put my ass into an early retirement,” Bobby snaps. “Gettin’ too old for this shit, boy, that’s why I plant my sorry ass at home much as I can. Friggin’ Rufus and his damned need for supervision every other case.”
“Yeah,” Claire says, and she gives him a cocky, teenagerly grin. “Just the right layer of guilt to make sure you make it back in once piece.”
Dean shakes his head. “What would we have done, Cas? Even if you had? There ain’t much we could have gone off of with just a feeling.”
Across the room, Sam is staring quietly out the window. There’s a far away look in his eyes. It’s a familiar, too
“Perhaps you could help me look for a place to stay,” Cas suggests, as Dean crosses the room again and picks his duffel bag off the ground. “I doubt Claire will want to stay in this motel for all that long.”
“You know, mighta been the same thing that brought you back,” Dean says suddenly, glancing back at Bobby. “You ever figure out anything with that?”
He hesitates, uncertain, wishing for as short a time as possible, and says, “One, to start. Don’t know how long I’ll be here yet.”
Bobby drops a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Not even that reassures him the way it used to. “You gotta pick yourself back up again, son,” Bobby tells him. And ain’t that a kick in the teeth?
There’s a tea kettle still sitting next to the stove from the water he’d brewed for his morning tea, so Cas fills it again and turns on the burner. He washes the dishes in the sink while he waits, then wipes down the counter and the table, then moves Claire’s shoes from tossed near the garage door to the foot of the stairs so he can take them up when he returns to bed.
With a glance to the backseat in the rearview mirror, Dean catches Jack staring at the bloody handprint on his jacket. The one Dean hadn’t even tried to change out of when he had finally been able to pull himself off the ground. He tried not to examine it too closely, then. But Jack is looking at the handprint now like he’s sure he’ll figure out what transpired at the bunker, what took his father away from him for good, if he studies it long enough.
